Cannot play media. Sorry, this media is not available in your territory.
With just over 500 days to go until London 2012, the Olympic and Paralympic mascots are back.
Wenlock and Mandeville have got a brand new cartoon about their Olympic adventures, but this time they're not the only stars of the show.
Some of Britain's best medal hopefuls are starring alongside them.
Find out what Paralympic swimming champion Ellie Simmonds, world triple jump champion Phillip Idowu and wheelchair rugby player Mandip Sehmi had to say about their cartoon characters...Policies
Contents MLA style. All papers should be submitted electronically in the Microsoft Word (.doc or .docx) format to Dr. G. A. Elmer Griffin at elmer@oxy.edu.
Submitted articles cannot have been previously published, nor be forthcoming in an archival journal or book (print or electronic). Please note: "publication" in a working-paper series does not constitute prior publication. In addition, by submitting material to CTSJ: Journal of Undergraduate Research, the author is stipulating that the material is not currently under review at another journal (electronic or print) and that he or she will not submit the material to another journal (electronic or print) until the completion of the editorial decision process at CTSJ: Journal of Undergraduate Research. If you have concerns about the submission terms for CTSJ: Journal of Undergraduate Research, please email Dr. G. A. Elmer Griffin at elmer@oxy.edu.
For each submitted article, please prepare an abstract approximately 150-250 words in length; this should be submitted electronically in the Microsoft Word (.doc or .docx) format to Dr. G. A. Elmer Griffin at elmer@oxy.edu.
Formatting Requirements
CTSJ: Journal of Undergraduate Research has no general rules about the formatting of articles upon initial submission, except that all papers should be submitted electronically in the Microsoft Word (.doc or .docx) format and adhere to the MLA style. Upon acceptance into the journal, it is the responsibility of the author to produce a finalized version of his or her article that adheres to the Author Guidelines (PDF download).
Rights for Authors and OxyScholar
As further described in our submission agreement (the Submission Agreement), in consideration for publication of the article, the authors assign to OxyS OxyScholar, requires credit to OxyScholar as copyright holder (e.g., OxyScholar © 2015).
Personal-use Exceptions
The following uses are always permitted to the author(s) and do not require further permission from OxyScholar Dr. G. A. Elmer Griffin at elmer@oxy.edu.
General Terms and Conditions of Use
Users of the OxyScholar website and/or software agree not to misuse the OxyScholar service or software in any way.
The failure of OxyScholar OxyScholar and the Author(s) regarding submission of the Article.The National Theatre Of Brent
From Wikiquote
The National Theatre of Brent consists of Desmond Olivier Dingle (played by Patrick Barlow [1947-) and Raymond Box (played by John Ramm) and is a mock "two-man troupe".
From the Channel 4 television series, "Massive Landmarks of the Twentieth Century" (1999).
Fidel Castro (Having shot dead the President of Cuba): Hasta la vista, General Batista!Express Specials
R Lalzirliana said, “govt will show its anger in such a way that they will never carry out such operations again.”
Lalnunmawia said 12 militants, 10 of them armed and wearing camouflages, abducted 15 people at around 9.30 pm on Friday, but later released four people belonging to Chakma community .
Mandal, 25, was on assignment for Noida-based Telecom Network Solutions, a company then working for Airtel.
The other three are thought to be members of an armed criminal gang that has most recently called itself Bru Democratic Front of Mizoram..Cloud Expo Authors: Liz McMillan, Elizabeth White, Pat Romanski, Roger Strukhoff, Yeshim Deniz
Blog Feed PostInformed [email protected]
For regular Informed news and event updates without the spam, please follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.
Skyscape - Briefing NoteSkysc. ()
Source: RealWire
Read the original blog entry...
Published April 3, 2014 Reads.Area bands weigh in on the importance of family tradition with the fifth annual Blackout Cookout on Saturday at The Outpost, 4962 S.R. 43 in Brimfield.
Tickets are $10 in advance and $13 at the door. Doors open and food is served at 3 p.m. Music starts at 4:15 p.m.
The day long event attracts hundreds in the community to come out and celebrate the summer with food, family, friends and music.
Lead vocalist of local heavy metal band The Ravenna Arsenal, Ken Royer hosts the event every year.
"It started out as just a bunch of my friends in bands playing together and having my friend, Aaron, cook and pretty much just having a big party at The Outpost," Royer said. "I bring in different bands from out of state every year. We still try to keep it with people we all know so we can get together and have a good time."
This year's lineup will include Columbus-based band Lo-Pan, Vulture, Mockingbird, Fully Consumed, Foul Spirits, Pittsburg's Lycosa, The Ravenna Arsenal and Cleveland hardcore band Ringworm.
"Ringworm has been around for 20 plus years," Royer said. "We're really excited to have them come out and play. There's two stages. As soon as one band finishes another one starts on the other stage. These are some of the best bands in the area as far as I'm concerned. There's no filler to this show. Every band is a headlining band. It doesn't matter what time you come. From the very beginning, you're going to see good bands consistently through the entire day."
The food -- all-you-can-eat barbecue ribs, beef, chicken and all kinds of summer cookout sides -- is courtesy of Schultz's Smokin Pit.
"My friend Aaron runs the Smokin' Pit," Royer said. "He basically backs his smoker into the back by the patio. We'll have ribs, chicken, beef on the grill. It's going to be the cookout of the summer."
The Outpost has become home to many area bands like The Ravenna Arsenal.
"The Outpost is one of my favorite venues I've played at," Royer said. "I'm really close to all the staff that works there. I've known them a long time. It just seems like the best place."
The Ravenna Arsenal released a new EP, "Beast Manufacturing," in July.
"It's a play on East Manufacturing," Royer said. "We're all from Randolph, Ohio, which is the home of East Manufacturing. They make truck trailers. We'll be playing all of the new songs at the show."
Everyone is family at this summer's Blackout Cookout on Saturday at The Outpost.
For tickets and more information, call 330-678-9667 or visit outpostkent.com
sign out Welcome,
(edit)View Full Chapter Figures Only Tables Only Videos Only Print Share Email You must be logged in and have an account to share content. Return to: Chapter 22. Spleen Copyright Paragraph Text Copyright Line Text Get Citation Citation Journal name Download citation file: RIS (Zotero) EndNote BibTex Medlars ProCite RefWorks Reference Manager © Copyright Tools Search Textbook Top Return Clip Chapter 22. Spleen Panajiotis N. Skandalakis; Lee J. Skandalakis; Andrew N. Kingsnorth; Gene L. Colborn; Thomas A. Weidman; George F. Hatch III; Richard C. Lauer; John E. Skandalakis ++ The anatomic and surgical history of the spleen is shown in Table 22-1. ++Table Graphic Jump LocationTable 22-1. Anatomic and Surgical History of the Spleen View Large | Save TableTable 22-1. Anatomic and Surgical History of the SpleenHua To (115-205 A.D.)Performed possible splenectomies in ChinaJewish Talmud (2nd - 6th Centuries)Described the spleen (“techol”) as the seat of laughter while providing analysis of its associated pathologiesMaimonides (1135-1204)Described the blood-purifying properties of the spleenZaccarelli1549Performed one of the earliest splenectomies (many have argued that it was an ovariectomy instead)Ballonii1578Told of a splenectomy performed by an unknown barber surgeon. In his report he asked, “Este igiture splenatam necessarius” (Is the spleen so necessary for life).Rosetti1590First successful partial splenectomyvan Leeuwenhoeck (1632-1723)Studied the spleen arguing that it played a role in the purification of the bloodRead1638Reported on a splenectomized dog with a six-week survival period. In his paper he argued, “…the spleen may be excised without harm.”Clark1673Removed a portion of the spleen after his patient’s unsuccessful suicide attemptMatthias1678Performed the first successful splenectomy for traumaFantoni of Turinca. 1700As reported by Grebezius he operated on the exposed spleen of a girl abused by her motherFerguson1734Performed a partial splenectomyHewson1777Cautiously speculated that the spleen formed erythrocytesAssolant1802Ligated branches of the terminal division of the splenic artery in dogs, noting the segmental distribution of the splenic blood supplyO’Brien1816Performed the first splenectomy for trauma (knife wound) in the United States Quittenbaum1826Deliberately performed splenectomy. His patient died six hours later from shock.deGray1844Provided a case report of splenectomy to the French Academy of Surgeons. He noted that the patient recovered as expected but died thirteen years later of pneumonia (possibly the earliest reported case of Overwhelming Post-Splenectomy Infection [OPSI]).Bryant1866Performed a splenectomy on a 20-year-old leukemia patientEvans1866Reported delayed rupture of the spleenPéan1867Performed the first segmental resection of the spleen on a 20-year-old woman suffering from a splenic tumor (she was originally thought to have an ovarian cyst)Deeble1889Removed ¾ of the spleen to treat a gunshot woundBillroth1891Reported an incidental autopsy finding of the spleen where, “[f]rom the appearance of the rent and the small quantity of blood effused, we conclude that the injury might have healed completely.” In this statement he ushered in the possibility of non-surgical management of splenic trauma.James1892Sutured both the spleen and the diaphragm to treat a gunshot woundRiegner1892Successfully removed a transected spleen for blunt trauma in a 14-year-old construction worker who had fallen off a scaffold and hit a board. On the justification of splenectomy for trauma he argued: “If the situation is so desperate and bleeding so extensive that we cannot think about Pop-up div Successfully Displayed This div only appears when the trigger link is hovered over. Otherwise it is hidden from view. Please WaitTitanfall Review
Summary: Respawn's excellent inaugural effort is the unique shooter we've all been anticipating.
5
Frantic Effort
I’ve grown bored with AAA shooters. Call of Duty: Ghosts, Battlefield 4 and to a lesser extent Killzone Shadowfall lead the charge onto consoles with what was the antithesis of a victory march. Battlefield 4 was broken for months, Ghosts was the worst Call of Duty game yet released, and Shadowfall trumpets a Metacritic rating of 73 (the worst of the three). And, collectively, all three were beset by the same FPS tropes that have held the genre in check for years now. They failed to differentiate themselves from their predecessors in any meaningful way, and failed to solve issues regarding playability and entertainment which have plagued FPS franchises for years.
The biggest issue I’ve had with shooters is how miserable they are when you’re either not playing well, or on a team that’s being annihilated. You know the situation: when you’re in a Call of Duty match for 2 minutes, and the other team already has every kill streak in the world, so that you can’t breathe at all, instantly dying under a hail of gunfire from helicopters, missile explosions, and max level opponents. Why has no one said, “Gee, since this is a video game, shouldn’t the players always be having fun?
In Titanfall, you never have this soul-crushing experience. The game does a wonderful job of providing entertainment even when you’re being crushed- an achievement of balance which provides a refreshingly entertaining experience. Even losing is fun. In an industry still obsessed with re-capturing the magic from Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, Titanfall elects to take the lessons of all those attempts and build something more impressive than another slightly-prettier military shooter. Respawn avoids the habits of the last few years by focusing on one core detail- making a game that is always fun to play.
The matches, fought between two teams of six pilots no matter the game type, are fast-paced, frantic affairs. Your character is equipped with a jetpack, which while not allowing sustained flight, will boost your ability to jump and wall-run. The maps are designed with verticality in mind, and with a little practice, I found myself scampering over rooftops and rooting through basements with equal ease. This is a game about movement, and the veteran FPS camper will quickly find himself taken down from behind by players traveling at high speed. While this may make the game sound intimidating to newbies (as a Starsiege Tribes veteran, I’ve seen many players give up when confronted by a high-speed, high-skill game), the game adds a number of elements to make it easier for the new player, and give them something to do besides learn the art of respawning.
For starters, everyone gets a Titan. Titans, the hulking war mechs of the game’s universe, are released on a timer. No matter who you are or how badly you are playing, you will get to drop in a couple of Titans during the match. Kills will speed up the timer, so skilled players will get theirs sooner or more frequently. Additionally, new players will be able to rack up kills fighting the numerous AI enemies that are constantly entering the battlefield. Pilots are clearly tougher than their AI counterparts (I’ve only been killed by Spectres twice, and then only because I was fighting an enemy player and landed, wounded, in a group of them) and for a new player, they make wonderful target practice. And in Attrition mode (a ticket based mode similar to what you see in Battlefield 4), taking out AI enemies gives a chance for the weaker player to make a serious contribution to the team effort.
The centerpiece of Titanfall is, of course, the Titan. At the player’s command, your new Titan will drop in from outerspace, crush any enemies it happens to land on, and be prepared for your orders. You can pilot your Titan manually, or set it to AI mode. The Titan AI is pretty competent, and allows you to effectively double your firepower. Still, one on one, pilots can typically take down an AI Titan via rodeo (jumping on and firing point blank into the Titan’s inner workings). Rodeo’ing a Titan is a fantastic feeling of utter-badassness. You get a similar feeling piloting a Titan. Respawn has done a fantastic job differentiating between the feel of the FPS moments and when you’re in the cockpit. The heavy pounding of the metal feet, the breathtaking launch of a payload of missiles, and the swing of a robot fist, pulling the helpless foe from his mech and tossing him away like a used tissue- this is Titanfall.
Titans are customizable to a point. You’ll be able to select from one of three classes (two are only unlocked upon completion of the relevant campaign), the standard Atlus, the speedy Stryder, or the hulking Ogre. Then you can choose your primary and secondary weapons, and a number of special abilities. I myself preferred auto-eject (which will eject you from your Titan as soon as it is in a doomed state) and nuclear ejection (which will cause the ejection to result in a massive explosion)- especially in tandem. Sadly, there are no further customization options- painting my Titan unique color or adding some tic marks for kills would be awesome, and are pretty typical genre tropes. The same lack of customization extends to the pilots. There are plenty of weapons, abilities and attachments, but there’s no way of really leaving a more personal mark on my pilot.
As for the weapons, you begin with a standard set of loadouts, and unlock more weapons and load-outs as you level up (Call of Duty-esque). The most notable weapon in the stable is the auto-locking smart pistol. It’s easy to take out a room of AI folks with one trigger pull with a smart pistol, but I found myself wishing for the carbine (the standard weapon) when facing pilots. Auto-lock is great, but locking onto a pilot (even when I was running behind them without their knowledge) was difficult, especially when it required three full locks to take them out. Still, the smart pistol was a fun weapon, and definitely worth a try to see what you can do with it.
The game includes a number of challenges, the completion of which will reward you both with XP and with burn cards. Burn cards provide bonuses during matches, including unlimited grenades, enhanced weapons and abilities, and a number of other bonuses. The cards only last for one spawn, and you only can use three of them per match (and they have to be pre-selected). Burn cards are game changing at the right moments, but nothing vexed me so much as using a burn card only to do something stupid and instantly die. Still, it’s a great addition, and the link to the challenges provides an incentive to both keep playing and to play in as many ways as possible.
One of the most notable things about Titanfall is the manner in which the matches end. The losing team will retreat to an evac point, where a shuttle will arrive to take them to safety. The victorious side, meanwhile, is trying to kill the losers, either directly or by taking out the shuttle. This sort of finale allows a losing team a shot at a morale victory, and the victors an opportunity to completely crush their foe. Some of my favorite Titanfall moments occurred during this portion of the game, as I would leave my AI Titan to sacrifice itself for my team’s escape. In one moment of glory, I ejected from my burning Titan directly into the escape shuttle. Moments like this made the game a must play effort, and had consistently saying, “Xbox, Record That.”
The game does include a campaign, which is basically a multi-player playlist, spiced up with some dialogue and brief shots of characters. It didn’t really work, as I was so distracted playing the game that I didn’t pay attention to the dialogue, and spent the mission briefing tweaking my burn cards instead of listening. There were some additional AI enemies in the matches, but they were, at heart, standard multiplayer matches with a little extra frill.
Titanfall is the best first draft I have ever seen. It’s odd to say such things about a game that is quite obviously a final product, and I certainly don’t mean to say this in a way that diminishes the game, but many elements of the game point, not to its present greatness, but to what’s to come. The cursory attempts at a campaign narrative (with their weak endeavor to present compelling characters), combined with the absence of the litany of customization options that appear as conventions in most of its competitors, signal that this is a world that is still being built. But the wonderful gameplay, with the perfectly balanced Titan/Pilot relationship, the speed and verticality of movement, and the compelling, weighty weapons form the backbone of an experience that is, above anything, always fun. This was an experience that was fully-formed and ready to share with the gaming community at large, even if it seems that what Titanfall will grow into is still in its infancy. Titanfall is the triumph of fun and dedication over FPS trope, and the tip of what I hope is a series of games that bring a genre long grown stale into a new era.
Pingback: Three for Thursday: The Best Titanfall Moments | Critically Sane()Queen's University Faculty of Arts and Science
May 2014
News Archive
By Month
By Category
Apply
Find Courses
Browse courses by
Course Title, Course Code,
Course Type, and Term.
Upcoming Key Dates
May 29, 2015
Last date to drop Summer Term classes (May-June Session) without academic penalty
June 1, 2015
Last date to apply to the University for admission to Distance Studies for Summer Term (July-August Session)
June 15, 2015
Summer Term classes (May-June Session) endArea can help Illinois Hoops Hall of Fame launch
by Mike Slodki. From small gyms in rural towns to large arenas in metropolitan areas, basketball has created decades of unforgettable memories and traditions in the state.”
For what Firchau is helping to get off the ground, that describes this state-wide passion project to a ‘T’.
Firchau has not only been an area hoops coach for years, including a stop at Oswego High School, but is also an Illinois Basketball Coaches Association representative and on the board of directors as chairman of the Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame Museum.
“We are trying to spread the word throughout the state as really making this something memorable,” Firchau said. “The entire state can get involved and there’s plenty of memories from the Kaneland area, as well.”
The Hall of Fame Museum is slated to open in 2013 and housed in the David S. Palmer Arena in downtown Danville, Ill., roughly two hours south of Chicago.
“We chose Danville as a location because it was near Interstate 74, and it’s centrally located,” Firchau said. “Danville is very eager to have it.”
Blueprints and renderings are completed, but the true attraction of the museum will lay in the material within.
The museum will combine video, exhibits, interactive presentations, photographs and memorabilia.
Attractions will highlight players, coaches, officials, teams and media members who have made their mark with the game.
The museum will operate solely on contrbutions from private and corporate benefactors and individuals.
“This museum is going to be all-encompassing,” Firchau said. “Pro, college and high schools will be covered.”
“We have talked to Loyola about memorabilia concerning their NCAA Championship, Wheaton College about its Division II championship and North Park about its Division III championship. Sports information directors from places like NIU, DePaul and (University of Illinois) are all eager and have helped out,” Firchau said.
The museum will also deal with issues of the time, like segregation and the introduction of girls basketball to the Prairie State landscape.
Firchau also mentioned an ambitious exhibit of a school-wide roll call, from schools A to Z, operational to defunct.
This is just one of the many ways Kaneland residents can pitch in to get the future basketball mecca off the ground.
“If someone were to have a letter jacket from the old Elburn or Maple Park high schools, that would help,” Firchau said. “This has been a strong area for basketball. The girls basketball championship came here in 1982. There were coaches like Ron Johnson, George Birkett, and Bob Pederson in the past that gave so much back to the community. If someone wanted to contribute an old uniform or had old films, that’s the type of thing we’re looking for.”
The Illinois Basketball Hall of Fame Museum can be contacted at: 100 W. Main Street, Ste. 146. Danville, IL 61832, and called at (217) 442-DUNK. E-mail contact is info@ilhoopshall.com, and can be clicked at.. ...
Companion planets can increase old worlds' chance at life
Researchers use new method to calculate gravitational constant
(Phys.org) —A team of researchers in Europe has come up with a new way to determine the gravitational constant G. Rather than relying on using torque based techniques to measure gravitational pull, the ...
Researchers suggest dark matter disk in Milky Way plane could signal rash of comet strikes on Earth
Cosmologists weigh cosmic filaments and voids
'Trojan' asteroids in far reaches of solar system more common than previously thought
Astronomers discover why supermassive black holes consume less material than expected
Did Andromeda crash into the Milky Way 10 billion years ago?
>>IMAGE t ... ...
ALMA telescope shows how young star and planets grow simultaneously
Astronomers discover star racing around black hole at Milky Way center
Dark matter mystery deepens
NASA spacecraft now circling Mercury -- a first
For the first time, Earth has a regular orbiting eye-in-the-sky spying on the solar system's smallest and strangest planet, Mercury.
Best Trails
Sly Park - Jenkinson Lake Loop
Pollock Pines, CA
More Activities
Sly Park - Jenkinson Lake Loop is a 9 mile loop trail located near Pollock Pines, California and is rated as moderate. The trail is primarily used for fishing, hiking, mountain biking & trail running and is accessible year-round.
-
3
El Dorado Trail
Placerville, CA+
More Activities
-
5
natural bridges
Arnold, CA
Best Hiking
Best Mountain Biking
Best Trail Running
Indian Grinding Rock Loop Trails
Pine Grove, CA
Sly Park - Jenkinson Lake Loop
Pollock Pines, CA
Recent Reviews
Indian Grinding Rock Loop Trails
by
Brandy Stubblefield (230)
over 1 year ago
7 Completed 3 Reviews
Worst "hike" super short. Perfect if you have younger kids.
Indian Grinding Rock Loop Trails
by
Michael Long (244)
about 3 years ago
3 Completed 2 Reviews.
Indian Grinding Rock Loop Trails
by
Raven Fonseca (163)
about 4 years ago
2 Completed 2 Reviews
This is a very special place however the trail is short. It's best to go when there are events going on because then you get the whole expirience.
Indian Grinding Rock Loop Trails
by
Shon Tamblyn (987)
over 4 years ago
20 Completed 16 Reviews.
South Nature Trail
by kelly Hazlett (191)
about 1 month ago
3 Completed 3 Reviews
I was looking for trails in my area when I came across this site and there was no info on this trail. I am really glad I went and took my grandkids. Easy trail and great sights it was just what this beginner needed.Birchwood Golf Course
.
Public
$$
0
1 Birchwood Heights Rd N
Bottineau, ND 58318-8019
Bottineau, ND 58318-8019
(701) 263-4186
Edit Course
Course Details/History
- Greens Grass Type – Blue Grass
- Regulation Length Holes – 9
- Twitter –
*Par value varies depending on tee boxes used.
Home » Golf Courses » North Dakota » Bottineau » Birchwood.Angel 1999 | TV Show Watchlist
Season 5, Episode 11 Damage
First Aired: January 28, 2004
A psychotic vampire slayer escapes from a mental hospital and a familiar face from Sunnydale is dispatched to L.A. to track her down before she can harm her intended prey: Spike. Andrew: Tom Lenk. Dana: Navi Rawat. Harmony: Mercedes McNab.
Guest Cast
William Stanford Davis William Stanford Davis Security Guard
Rebecca Metz Rebecca Metz Nurse
Debbie McLeod Debbie McLeod Agent
David Brouwer David Brouwer Stockboy
Jasmine DiAngelo Jasmine DiAngelo Young Dana
Mike Hungerford Mike Hungerford Dock Worker
Mesan Richardson Mesan Richardson Swat Team Member
Michael Krawic Michael Krawic Vernon
Kevin Quigley Kevin Quigley Dr. Rabin- OSI-Approved Open Source (22)
- GNU General Public License version 2.0 (16)
- Academic Free License (2)
- Eclipse Public License (2)
- Open Software License 3.0 (2)
- Apache Software License (1)
- BSD License (1)
- Common Development and Distribution License (1)
- GNU General Public License version 3.0 (1)
- GNU Library or Lesser General Public License version 3.0 (1)
- MIT License (1)
- Mozilla Public License 1.1 (1)
- Python Software Foundation License (1)
- Other License (1)
- Grouping and Descriptive Categories (19)
- Windows (19)
- Mac (16)
- BSD (6)
- Modern (6)
- Emulation and API Compatibility (1)
Top Apps
- Audio & Video
- Business & Enterprise
- Communications
- Development
- Home & Education
- Games
- Graphics
- Science & Engineering
- Security & Utilities
- System Administration
eyeOS Update-Pack
The eyeOS Update-Pack is a advanced version of the web-based operating system, "eyeOS", within more languages, new functions, and lots of more...13
GhostEngine
GhostEngine is a game engine coded in C++, available for Windows, Linux, and MacOS. It is currently in heavy development, only fully available for Windows and partially for Linux, but work is being done to allow portability
ThiefscriptSE
ThiefscriptSE - The ultimate NukeZone thiefscript. Helps you pick the right thief target in the online game 'NukeZone'. Written in java to ensure cross-platform compatibility
Jones in the Jungle
Jones in the Jungle graphical mini game.0 weekly downloads
OPF - Open Php Framework
An open source framework for php inspired in others like Java SE's API.0The first House Church 101 class was actually pretty awesome. We only had one couple show up with their son (Drew, Stefani, & Jake) and Larry and Kelly from the Mission were there to help me answer questions too.
Drew and his wife are in the same boat as the rest of us, "cut from the same cloth" as Drew expressed it and we had a great time answering questions, getting to know them and encouraging them in their journey into house church.
Drew even came to observe house church yesterday morning and even joined us last night for our Mission Men's night where we had some very, very encouraging and stimulating conversations from 6pm to 9:30pm.
I've invited their family to come back again any time, and for as long as they want to come and join us. I had suggested they visit other local house churches such as The Well and maybe a few other house church groups just to get a flavor for what house church is and/or can be and they want to try that too.
This Sunday morning was also my first opportunity to sit at the back of the room and allow our house church to operate without my guidance. I actually stepped out of the room during the last worship song yesterday and sat in our TV room so that when the song ended no one would look at me and wait for me to lead us in communion or direct them towards share time, etc.
Everyone adjusted wonderfully and great conversations were started without my involvement. For me, the most wonderful part of the day was when one of our little ones spoke up and encouraged her Mom with a word of wisdom and encouragement that could only have been inspired by the Holy Spirit. It was seriously awesome.
AN UNEXPECTED CHANGE
As for me, I can honestly say that the experience this weekend of leading this first House Church 101 class, and the subsequent dialog with Drew and the Men of the Mission last night, have really helped me quite a lot in my thoughts regarding the development of our house church.
Some of these things are hard to put into words, but mainly I'm feeling permission to let go of the church and to really give it away to everyone else. I have no anxiety anymore about how big we are or how big we might get or who comes or who doesn't or even if we'll still all be together as The Mission a year from now.
I suppose one thing that really struck me over this weekend was the idea that The Mission really is God's project and if God wants to scatter us in six months to go and accomplish different things for the Kingdom, or gather with others around some other coffee table somewhere, that's really ok with me. I guess I've really let go of everything and have finally surrendered my vision and my dreams for this thing to God.
Honestly, I have to believe that if we did break apart in a few months, most of us (maybe not all) would simply not be content to return to the pew. So eventually I think all of us would find ourselves in someone's living room somewhere with someone again no matter what.
I am not building an empire and my success doesn't depend upon The Mission being a success in anyone's eyes but God's. If it is God's will for us to stay together and start a second group, then we will, and if it's God's will that we scatter and share what we've learned with others, then we will. It's not my job to hold anything together or to push anything apart. I only have to be faithful to what God has called me to do and allow God to do the rest.
So, I suppose I have successfully separated my self-worth and identify from The Mission and I have truly, finally, surrendered this church to its rightful owner (God).
I feel a sincere freedom in my spirit over this.
Initially I was concerned that these House Church 101 classes could be problematic for us since The Mission is already too large (27 people) and I didn't want these classes to turn into a way to funnel even more new families into the Mission.
Now I've changed my mind. I want to invite as many people as possible. I want to swing wide the doors and encourage the rest of our house church to bring their friends and invite their unsaved neighbors, etc. because if we explode into a house church of 47, or 57, that's ok with me. It might even help us to reach a true "critical mass" and multiply even more groups out of simple practicality and to make room for all the new friends who are discovering house church and learning to "be the Church" this way.
More later...
Peas,
kg.
- Thu, 21 May 2015 22:03:00 GMT
Read More about Teen Models Cutechan
Hot Teen In Plaid Mini Strips And.. 2015-01-25 Views: 229. darkemporium pt11 2015-01-25 Views: 223. Nerd Girl #2 2015-01-25 Views: 214
- Thu, 21 May 2015 22:03:00 GMT
Read More about Teen Whores
Fame-Girls Collection. Teen Model Portfolios & Teen Model Photo Galleries. ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ Stefi Model ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ ♥ TTL FSP2 Sets & Videos ...
- Tue, 19 May 2015 16:43:00 GMT
Read More about ModelFull Pearltrees
Toplist of the best adult Forums, Tubes, Chans and Blogs, add your site to our directory
- Fri, 22 May 2015 03:18:00 GMT
Read More about xxxTop The best of XXX
TTL Models / Teen Beauty Fitness | Alejandra Jimenez | Pics & Videos Anonymous 15/03/17(Tue)15:01 No. 6036 File 142660446652.jpg - (282.12KB , 1000x1500 , PREVIEW-PIC ...
- Thu, 21 May 2015 11:26:00 GMT
Read More about Teen 18 180chan
PremiumChans is the best imageboard/chan network dedicated to beautiful teen pictures and videos. The content posted to PremiumChans is 100% user-contributed and ...
- Tue, 19 May 2015 14:13:00 GMT
Read More about The best sexy Imageboards Chans Premium Chans
Ranking Chan Toplist is a topsite for the best imageboards, forums: SFW, NSFW, Teens, Models. Join and add your site.
- Thu, 21 May 2015 07:30:00 GMT
Read More about Ranking Chan Toplist Rankings All Sites
Game Tricks , Guide and Cheats. Clash Of Clans. Marvel Avengers Alliance
- Mon, 18 May 2015 22:50:00 GMT
Read More about Game TricksHVAC Services
Company Information
Nature's Home Superior Indoor Air Quality Solutions
Nature's Home Air Quality Solutions
People spend about 90% of their time indoors. The EPA ranked indoor air pollution among the top five environmental dangers to the public. Why? Our homes are sealed, insulated and efficient. While this conserves energy, it locks in allergenic particles, infectious agents and other toxic agents. Nature's Home products can reduce or eliminate these household pollutants that can cause these health problems.
MicroPower Guard®.
Pan Treatment
When was the last time you changed your pan treatment strip? When hot humid air from your home passes through the cooling coil in your furnace it causes condensation and the coil sweats and drips into a pan. The standing water in this pan becomes stale and slimy breeding odor causing germs.
An EPA registered, time released pan treatment strip in this pan will prevent this and protect your home from damage caused from slime build up in the pan’s drain. Pan treatments should be replaced at least once a year depending on the length of your cooling season.
OxyQuantum® LED
The ultimate in duct-mounted air purification. Superior control of air-borne particles, organisms and gas.
The dual lamp OxyQuantum® output of competing single bulb systems. Completely silent, a properly installed OxyQuantum® LED will prolong the life of all heating and cooling systems and provides Danger Level 2 and 3 control for cleaner, fresher and healthier air.
An OxyQuantum® LED is installed through sheet-metal in your duct work. All UVC and UVV light produced is safely contained within the duct work.Think back to when you were a kid. Did you dream of growing up in living in a treehouse? I know I sure did. And while some people have made a valiant back to nature effort, I decided to just stay in my regular old house. But just because I’ve set aside that one dream of living in the treetops doesn’t mean I put aside much of the other things I longed for his child.
Finding Ways to Improve your Home
As an adult, with my own home, I’ve come to realize there’s a lot that I can do. In just over the last few years I’ve actually started doing these things. While I realize your home needs to be practical, there’s no reason at all so campy fun. One thing that my wife and I did was re-decorate our bedroom and add some enhancements to the attached bathroom. Now every night we feel like we are staying in a luxury hotel suite.
Getting Help Along the Way
There are some home upgrades however that I am not able to do myself and need a contractor for. For instance, this was the case when my wife and I decided we were going to build a home addition in the form of a den just off of our kitchen. I have always wanted to try my hand in construction but this project was better off left to the professionals.
Being a Child Again
Spurred on by that success we decided to do something with the loft. This had been just kind of the combination storage area/no man’s land. But we sat down and thought about what we really like to be able to enjoy her regular basis and we came up with a skee-ball machine. Yes, I know it sounds crazy but we went ahead and bought a game room size ski ball machine. Since we are both right-handed we were able to play set alongside one wall without interrupting our play and we have a blast without taking up too much room.
Live as a Busy Homeowner
Of course even when you make your dream home reflect childhood dreams you still have certain things that need to be kept up with. If you have carpets they occasionally need to be cleaned. You might also need to find someone to clean up after your pets if you have any. And of course we can’t forget about all those modern conveniences like plumbing and electricity that are integral to your home.
So why don’t we think of our homes as structurally sound tree houses and enjoy all of the benefits and modern conveniences of life while still reaching back to our childhood and enjoying those things we have always dreamed about..
David Ewalt: What inspired you to write this particular story?.Two Georgia men accused of plotting terror attacks on government employees and civilians have pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges in federal court.
The men were arrested after months of surveillance by an undercover informant.
The suspected ringleader of the group, 73 year old Frederick Thomas and 67 year old Dan Roberts entered guilty pleas during Tuesday’s hearing in federal court in Gainesville.
They are among four men arrested in a November sting after seven months of surveillance. An undercover informant infiltrated the fringe militia group, recording hours of conversations which US Attorney Sally Yates says are the linchpin to the government’s case:
“There were a number of times that they talked specifically about what they wanted to do, who they wanted to kill, what buildings they wanted to blow up—they were looking at both the ATF and FBI buildings in Atlanta, as well as the IRS building.”
The men purchased what they believed were explosives and a silencer to use in those attacks. They could face up to five years in prison and a 250 thousand dollar fine.This Purple Finch flew into our window but my Dad took care of him and he eventually recovered and flew away.
Purple Finch Flies
By: ClarkyJrSubscribe Channel: Pets & Animals
+ Comment!
This story is inappropriate and should be flagged for moderation. Please choose from one of the following options:A Small Victory
Posted by David Foster on May 26th, 2010 (All posts by David Foster)
About a month ago, I wrote about a provision in the “finance reform” bill that had the potential to do great harm to venture capital and angel investing, and hence to America’s economic growth and productivity. I’m happy to note that this provision has now been removed from the Senate bill.
I refer to this as a small victory, despite its importance, because this is only a single win against the flood of virtually insane regulatory and tax policy that threatens to engulf the entire American economy. As the WSJ article notes:
“…the fact that such a destructive provision made it that far shows how little the Members and staff now running Congress understand about wealth creation and the sources of American prosperity.”
Even more disturbing than the lack of understanding of the economy is the lack of understanding of their own limitations. Indeed, this Congress and Administration seem to me like someone who holds an administrative job at an airline–establishing flight schedules and ordering the in-flight meals, let’s say–who decides that his executive title gives him the right to fly a 777 with passengers. Or a political appointee at the Department of Transportation who goes out to the Potomac Approach facility, sits down at a radar screen, and starts directing traffic.
There appears to be no limit to the arrogance of those now dominating our political process.
May 26th, 2010 at 1:10 pm?
May 26th, 2010 at 5:49 pm
These people have no skills but politics. There was talk in lefty blogs about “pushing aside” BP and taking over the oil spill rescue. Who in the White House or any of the other political appointees has any knowledge of such things ? They are poseurs.
May 27th, 2010 at 8:36 am
re: Michael Kennedy. Give them all the rope they want, eventually they’ll hang themselves. Public, spectacular failures might even serve to wake up the sleepers, too.Every (BCRF) and beauty giveaways to engage women in the quest for the cure.
Total.
Error 651 is computer hardware related and can typically be resolved by restarting your computer and trying to connect again.
If these steps do not resolve the issue, then please contact us for assistance.
Check out a fun infographic that teaches you how to increase storage, enhance security,
improve battery life and clean your device.
©Mature Content Filter is On. The Artist has chosen to restrict viewing to deviants 18 and older.
(Contains: nudity)
(Contains: nudity)
The Case of the suspended small oriental puppet by mic-ardant
©2013-2015 mic-ardantMature Content
The Case of the small oriental puppet suspended on the left in top.
The owner of this deviation has disabled comments.The Ithaca, N.Y., Fire Department is reminding residents to practice fire safety during the spring grilling season. Some of the measures they recommend are storing unused propane bottles away from the house; placing grills at least 15 feet from any home, building or flammable materials; and keeping children and pets away from the grill.
View Full Article in:Ithaca Journal (N.Y.), TheCAW Local 444 president Dino Chiodo and Windosr firefighter Doug Diet were awarded Friday the Diamond Jubilee medal for their “exceptional contributions to province and country.”
“I am proud to have been given this opportunity to recognize Dino and Doug for their outstanding service to the citizens of Windsor Essex,” Teresa Piruzza, Windsor West MPP, said in a statement. “Their spirit of contribution is fittingly recognized with this Diamond Jubilee medal, and we are lucky to have them in our community.”
Chiodo, who also serves as president of the Windsor and District Labour Council, was recognized as a ” tireless advocate for auto workers and workers in the Windsor and Essex County region.”
A firefighter for more than 25 years, Diet has volunteered for the Windsor Residence for Homeless Young Men, the Windsor Model Yacht Club, and the Riverside Minor Hockey.
Ontario is awarding more than 2,000 outstanding Canadians with Diamond Jubilee medals.
The medal pays special tribute to Queen Elizabeth II’s 60 years on the throne and honours her life-long commitment to her responsibilities by recognizing those who have made significant contributions to Ontario and Canada.Sanyo MM-7500 User ReviewsPost new review
Please note that each user review reflects the opinion of its respectful author and not of Phone Arena.
monsterdan
posted on 03 Jun 2006, 13:20
Sanyo MM-7500
Very good phone! Sound quality is exceptional. Able to download ringtones, calltones, games, screensavers, themes. 1.3 megapixel screen is superb. The quality is great. Speakerphone is dynamic. Overall A grade.Design 8/10Features 9/10Sound Quality 10/10Signal Strength 10/10Value for money 7/10
You must be a registered user to post a user review- Treatments
- Botox
- Forum
- Plastic Surgery in Costa Rica
Plastic Surgery in Costa Rica
- crislegrand04
- 2 years ago
Does anyone knows Dr. Oscar Suarez from OAS Plastic Surgery in Costa Rica? Ever have treatments there? Thanks!
Botox PicturesBefore & afters from doctors (756)
- 95 comments
- 1 comment
- 11 comments
- 136 comments
- 731 commentsHello, AlsaPlayer 0.99.36 is out! A couple of serious bugs were fixed. A nasty threading bug, which resulted in Xlib async errors was finally nailed down. There was also a crashing bug in the GTK+ code that appeared to be triggered by certain gtk+ installations, specifically under Ximian GNOME. OGG VORBIS mono playback works right now and the configure script has been cleaned up further. Overall robustness has improved a great deal. A primitive manpage is also in the distribution now. Enjoy! AndyVertu Constellation Quest PR video released
Vertu Constellation Quest PR video released
Remember that four to seven thousand dollar Vertu Constellation Quest handset
BG was drooling over we told you about over the weekend? Well, it looks like the company’s PR firm has posted a short YouTube video detailing just what makes the luxurious handset worth a king’s ransom. Aside from the trimmings we told you about last time — sapphire keys, gold accents, etc. — each device is hand-made and hand-polished to provide the level of luxury Vertu customers have come to expect. The device runs the Symbian operating system, and, as the company’s president explains, is for people who want to express their lifestyle and success with the mobile device. Hit the jump to see just what a multi-thousand dollar Symbian handset looks like. More →Katherine Heigl: Miami Dinner with Mom!
Katherine Heigl heads out for dinner with her mom Nancy on Sunday (March 20) in Miami, Fla.
The 32-year-old New Year’s Eve actress soaked up the sun earlier in the weekend while relaxing on the beach in a bikini.
Before heading down to Miami, Katherine went to visit her mom at her home in Los Feliz, California. Katherine showed up in white, monogrammed pajamas!
Katherine‘s flick One for the Money was recently postponed from its summer release date.
Like Just Jared on Facebook
Credit: Pichichi ; Photos: Splashnewsonline Posted to: Katherine Heigl, Nancy HeiglMore About TRUELOU
Visit My SparkPage Send Me SparkMail
Recipes I've Shared:
TRUELOU currently has no shared recipes.
Recipes I've Rated:
- Mini Eggplant Pizzas
- One pot Ground Beef, Corn and Rice
- Salmon Balls
- Mom's Chicken and Dumplings (Chicken Paprika)
- turkey chili
- Watermelon Blueberry Banana Split
- Baked Cornish Game Hen
- Great Turkey Burgers
- FIre Roasted Artichokes
- Chili with Pinto Beans
- Spaghetti Sauce with Ground Turkey
- Ground turkey and potatoes
- Fish - Crispy Baked Fish
- Barbeque Chicken legs
- Turkey Tenderloin with Stir Fry Veggies and Rice
- Turkey Tenderloin Dinner
- Lemon Sole
- Rigatoni with Ground Turkey and Vegetables
- Easy Ground Beef Skillet
- Roast Pork Loin
- Zucchini and Yellow Squash Stir FryRequest a
Transcript
Academic
Calendars
Course Schedules
Bulletin/ Catalog
OASIS
Dean's List
Cross Registration
Woodrow Wilson College of Law Transcripts
Request a
Transcript
We are excited to welcome you to Oglethorpe University’s online transcript request system. Oglethorpe University has authorized the National Student Clearinghouse to provide transcript ordering via the Web. With this system you will be able to request, pay, and track your transcript request online. Additionally, you can elect to receive updates to your phone and email about the processing of your request. Fees for this service are charged in addition to the OU transcript fees and provide the support mechanisms for communications and online payment processing. Transcript requests are still accepted via walk in and mail.
Requests for transcripts may be requested by the Online Transcript Ordering Service or brought in person. Transcript fees are approved by the Board of Trustees, As of July 1, 2014, the transcript fee is $10.00 per transcript as approved by the Board. If using the Transcript Ordering Service, an additional $2.25 fee will be charged per recipient and students will receive two emails - one when the transcript request is received and one when the transcript has been sent. If paying by credit card, you must either use the Online Transcript Ordering Service from the previous section or come to campus to pay in the Business Office.
Transcript Request Online
Transcripts can be ordered using a major credit card (MasterCard, Visa, Discover, and American Express). Your card will only be charged after your order has been completed.
Transcript Request by Mail
Oglethorpe University
Office of the Registrar (transcripts)
4484 Peachtree Road. N.E.
Atlanta, Georgia 30319
Oglethorpe University
Office of the Registrar (transcripts)
4484 Peachtree Road. N.E.
Atlanta, Georgia 30319
Transcript Request in Person
Request form is available in the Office of the Registrar, Lupton Hall
Hours of Operation:
Monday - Friday - 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
A $10.00 fee is charged for each transcript requested. *There is a 2% processing fee for payments made via credit card in person.
If you need assistance, please call us toll free at 1-800-428-4484 or locally at 404-364-8870.photo gallery54 images
Other content from Wikipedia, licensed under the GFDL
Briana Banks is listed on...
- LISTED
- 101
- of 496
is #101 on
List of Top Female Pornstars
Add new models if you want.
- LISTED
- 6
- of 36
is #6 on
Classic 90s Porn Stars
If the 70's is considered the Golden Age of porn, than the 90's would be th...read more
- LISTED
- 12
- of 20
is #12 on
The Hottest Irish-American Porn Stars
Irish porn stars are pretty rare, but there are quite a few sexy American p...read more
- LISTED
- 98
- of 419
is #98 on
Pornstars Who Do DP Scenes
Rank these pornstars based on their hotness and performance
- LISTED
- 10
- of 108
is #10 on
Top 00s Porn Stars
The early 2000's introduced the world to rapidly available internet pornogr...read more
- LISTED
- 7
- of 72
is #7 on
64 Pictures of Porn Stars Wearing Actual Clothes
This is a list of the top female porn stars with their clothes on. These ad...read more
- LISTED
- 90
- of 372
is #90 on
Hottest Pornstars To Do Scenes For Brazzers
- LISTED
- 19
- of 86
is #19 on
The Hottest Penthouse Pets
List of the sexiest women ever chosen as Penthouse Pets. Each month, P...read moreMaths revision sessions for ALL year 11
Wed 3rd June 11:00- 15:00 (except any pupils sitting a Geography exam who will have maths 09:00- 10:30)
Thursday 4th June 8:00-8:45
Monday 8th June 8:00- 8:45
(If you are part of a ‘target’ group for maths please contact Mrs Hall for extra session dates and times: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.)11 bikers, including undercover cop, indicted in mob attack of SUV driver
NEW YORK (PIX11) – The viral video set of an intense debate over where to cast blame, and who to criminally charge.
The Manhattan DA’s Office gave us the answer Friday, announcing a fourteen-count indictment of 11 bikers who surrounded an SUV driver and his family on the Henry Hudson Parkway, before yanking him out of the vehicle and beating him in retaliation for allegedly mowing down one of the bikers.
PIX11 spoke with Allen Edwards on the phone. He’s the biker seen banging on the rear driver’s side window and now faces a first degree gang assault charge — although he maintains he did not take part in the assault of SUV driver Alexander Lien.
Edwards is now cooperating with the prosecution.
“I was thinking, I was screaming at them to stop and leave him alone,” said Edwards.
Several bikers have already gone on record saying they acted in retaliation for Lien allegedly running over one of the bikers on the highway.
Among the accused is 32-year-old undercover NYPD police officer Wojciech Braszczok, who faces additional first degree assault, riot, and coercion charges. He is due back in court on Nov. 20th.
If convicted, the undercover cop could spend up to twenty-five years in prison.
“He’s not involved in the attack on this man. As a matter of fact, he’s trying to save that man,” said Carney.
Allen Edwards’ attorney, John Carney – says there’s evidence in this case that will clear his client’s name.
“I was just told that there is more video available, and I will be getting that video very shortly, and it does include, apparently, my client begging them to stop this assault,” said Carney.Entertainment Get ready to BYTE - Allen celebrates the barrack yard Tuesday, January 27, 2015 As the short Carnival season cranks into turbo mode, former Soca and Calypso Monarch Kurt Allen, prepares to introduce the glocal (global and local) audience to an all-inclusive cultural experience, which may well provide the kind of cornerstone and model our much talked of “cultural industries” Panyard judging gets going tomorrow Monday, January 26, 2015 The 15 large conventional steelbands registered for Panorama 2015 will be visited by the judges and Pan Trinbago officials from tomorrow evening. Two judges will visit each of the zones to listen to the bands and give their comments while Pan Trinbago officials will conduct the head count. Oscar B goes to jazz festival Monday, January 26, 2015 Son of Tobago soil but based in Trinidad, Oscar Benjamin (Oscar B) will have star billing when the Jamaica Jazz and Blues Festival is held on Thursday, at Trelawny Stadium. Encores galore at the Revue Sunday, January 25, 2015 Twenty-three calypsonians getting encores on one night extended last Thursday northern opening of Kalypso Revue to 1 am. A mere six singers were not called back by the sparse audience at SWWTU Hall, Wrightson Road, Port-of-Spain. Glamour Boyz proves good for archival value Monday, January 26, 2015 The audience at the premiere of Geoffrey Dunn’s newish calypso documentary, Glamour Boyz Again: Sparrow and Superior on the Hilton Rooftop, gave the movie what will be undoubtedly its most appreciative viewing on the night of January 18 at the Globe cinema in Port-of-Spain. Izzy doesn’t need dad’s help Saturday, January 24, 2015 She didn’t think she should just try and make it off of her father’s steam. So 32-year-old Geselle “Izzy” Joseph is going to try and chart her own way through the local music industry. The magic of Katrina Friday, January 23, 2015 They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder, right? But what if the person who has the benefit of looking-on, can’t see? School fetes leading the way Friday, January 23, 2015 This time, in one month, Carnival 2015 would have been done and dusted, and most of the post-festival events, including Pan Trinbago’s Champs in Concert, would have been held. In fact, Catholics would have already gone to church and had ashes crossed on their foreheads. Soca Monarch ready for blast off Friday, January 23, 2015 Larger Than Life is the theme for this year’s International Soca Monarch competition staged by Caribbean Prestige Foundation for the Performing Arts (CPF). Political satire dominates Couva calypso auditions Thursday, January 22, 2015 Stinging political commentary was the order of the day as the majority of contenders for the 2015 Couva Senior Calypso Monarch crown presented potent arguments to eradicate the social and economic ills facing T&T when the Couva Carnival Committee staged auditions for its calypso competitions Pages« first ‹ previous … 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last »Hello Everyone,
I have finally got around to start to reconstruct the build log for the Norfolk I had on the old site.
I have done a search on this site and found that there are no current or completed build logs for the model on this site, that is if I have done the search right
.
I will endeavour to make this log as comprehensive as possible and hope it asssits anyone wishing to or currently building this model. I also wish to declare that a lot of the techniques and ideas I used were taken from an excellent and very instructive build log of this model, on the old site, by Dan Vad who also offered me a lot of advice during the build
.
Alright now for a little bit of history of the Sloop. She was built on Norfolk Island in 1798, designed probably on a decked long boat from HMS Sirus, she was subsequently confiscated when she sailed into Sydney Harbour as it was against Governor Hunter's orders to construct boats on Norfolk Island that Convicts could sieze and escape in.
She was then fitted out, on the Governor's orders, and given to Lieutenant Matthew Flinders, accompanied by George Bass, to explore south to see if Tasmania, then Van Diemans Land was an island or not, having proved it to be an island she returned to Sydney to prepare for another voyage to the north, reaching as far as Hervy Bay in Queensland.
She ended her days in 1800 after being wrecked in the mouth of the Hunter river in a storm after bieng siezed by Convicts in the Hawkesbury River, how ironic!!
I started this build back in March 2011 and ther have been a few breaks in the build but I am happy to say I have been back building now for a couple of months and hope to continue until the completetion of the model.
Following are some photos of the kit. Please excuse the quality as they were taken on a mobile phone as my digital camera at the time was having issues with my computer or visa versa
Sorry about my foot in the first photo
I will post some more photos of the start of the build tomorrowOur first Trekking Tuesday may have set the bar too high as we went three places. I don't want that as the standard but it was fine this week.
First we went to the Northwest Branch of the Worthington Public Library where Owen, Patrick and Rosie all got Library Cards!
Then we went to Griggs Nature Preserve, Hayden Falls.
It turned out to be such a short hike that we had to go to a playground to fill out our morning.I can’t believe it is almost Memorial Day. Is May really almost over? It has gone by so fast. Flowers are blooming, bees are buzzing, the kids are almost out of school and I need cookies for a Memorial Day picnic. I wanted to make some flag cookies but, I needed to make them ahead of time and I didn’t want the colors to bleed together. I was talking to a friend and she suggested I make a Memorial Day Flag Platter like Maryann “The Cookie Artisan” did. I loved the idea and emailed Maryann right away. She said I could use her platter idea and share it with you.
Here is my. I think. Outline, flood and let them dry.
When they dry, arrange on your platter.
Presentation is everything! You can take some simple cookies and make them amazing with the way you present them.,
!Report: Web Users Want Control Over Tracking26 Jun, 2013 By: Doug McPherson
NEW YORK – A new report from advocacy group Consumer Watch says most Web users’ expectations of privacy are at odds with current practices of ad companies.
“Consumers need to be aware that online companies currently track, collect and share data without asking permission,” states the report based on a survey of 1,000 U.S. adults in May and funded by Microsoft.
Nearly 70 percent of responders said they would not allow companies to track, collect and share data about them in exchange for a free service or product. MediaPost reports that sentiment appears to reflect a misunderstanding about online ad tracking, given that many ad networks currently collect data about Web users – even if they opt out of receiving behaviorally targeted ads. The ad industry often argues that the data collection is justified by free content.
“The poll confirms what we already know: that ‘tracking’ is a loaded word that generates a predictably negative response,” says Lou Mastria, managing director of the ad trade group Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). “When consumers are presented with the actual value proposition of interest-based advertising, minus the hyperbolic language, surveys demonstrate that they are overwhelmingly receptive to it.”
Mastria adds that the Consumer Action survey results can be explained by the language used in the questions.
Earlier this year, the DAA said that its research shows that 75 percent of consumers would prefer a free, ad-supported Internet to a system where they had to pay for blogs, entertainment sites, video and social media.
Consumer Action also reported that 87 percent said they think they should have the right to control what information about them is collected online. Nearly all respondents – 96 percent – said that advertisers should honor do-not-track signals sent by browsers.
All of the major browser manufacturers, including survey-funder Microsoft, currently offer do-not-track settings, but the ad industry is still evaluating how to respond to the settings, MediaPost reports.
Many in the ad industry maintain.
©2015 Questex, LLC. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part is prohibited. Please send any technical comments or questions to our webmaster. Contact Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy |
Chase Utley touched them all in the bottom of the ninth. As it turned out, that was only good for a little extra cardio as Chase was forced to go back to second base and settle for a ground-rule double after a Phillies fan interfered with the ostensible home run.
Even the Phillies fans can't field a ball cleanly.
After the umps reversed the call and Utley was given a double, Ben Revere then promptly ended the game with a flyball so it didn't really seem to have much of an effect on the game aside from one fan getting to tell all his friends to watch the highlights on the news tonight.
And it did provide us with this fun Chase Utley grimace when the call was overturned:
The Phils dropped three of four to the Mets at home this week. Times are hard.Garbage Gang Movietales Episode #1 – T-Raining Days
Our homies of the Garbage Gang just released a week ago their full length flick Who Cares? (watch here!) and still keep on bringing new stuff for you. What you knew in years before as Garbagers, will be this year the Movietales edits, that will keep on popping out and show all the rad stuff of our friends from bella Italia. We got a new series, fuck yeah! This first episode features some first season hits with the guys, who went up to the Snowpark Prato Nevoso to get some shots and had to fight a bit with the perfect conditions.
| Garbage Gang |The UK government has been urged to pay further attention to its current and defunct websites after it was revealed the National Hi-Tech Crime Unit (NHTCU) domain name is now owned by a German entrepreneur and not UK authorities.
The NHTCU closed in April 2006 when its cases were transferred to the Serious Organised Crime Unit (SOCA). However, the website is still active after German Uwe Matt purchased the domain name in August, and a number of reputable organisations, including the BBC, have been linking to the website as a reputable source.
According to security firm Sophos, this move is sending out the wrong message to hackers and cyber criminals.
.
Cluley adds that its likely Matt bought the site to get higher rankings on search engines such as Google, but there Hi-Tech Crime Unit and try and harvest confidential information from computer crime victims," added Cluley.
Oh said: but why didnt the govt set it up at govuk in the first place
PCA said: The NHTCUs website was wwwnhtcuorg
Errrr. said: Surely that particular UK Gov agency would have a govuk domain similar to every other government agency I can think of Doesnt appear to be a lot going on at wwwnhtcugovukSan Diego craft brewers featured in new documentary series
Ian Anderson 5 p.m., May 21
There’s nothing like a tough economy to get employers to remember that their employees are people, too.
That’s the underlying theme that emerges from a new study of the nation’s employers by the Families and Work Institute and the Society for Human Resource Management.
The study documents an increasing commitment in recent years to offer more opportunities for workers to manage when and where they work. The 2012 National Study of Employers finds that since 2005 there have been significant gains in workplace flexibility among the 1,126 employers it surveyed who had staffs of at least 50 workers.
Specifically, the percentage of employers offering flex-time options that allow workers to change their starting and quitting times within a range of hours increased from 66 percent in 2005 to 77 percent today.
More employers (77 percent in 2005 versus 87 percent today) also are allowing workers to take time off without the loss of pay to attend to important family or personal needs.
Today, 63 percent of employers allow their workers to work from home on occasion, compared with just 34 percent five years ago. And, 93 percent of employers now give their workers a chance to manage their time, compared with 78 percent in 2005.
Coincidentally, a significant portion of the past seven years has found the nation’s economy to be sluggish and staggering. Perhaps when companies need to gain loyalty among their key workers — as in an economic downturn — they are more open to adding worker-friendly programs.
“It seems that employers are dealing with the lingering economic instability by trying to accomplish more with fewer people,” says Ellen Galinsky, president and co-founder of Families and Work Institute.”
Despite an increase in some flexibility, employers also have clamped down on allowing employees to take a career break for personal or family responsibilities (73 percent in 2005 compared with 52 percent today).
Fewer today also allow workers to switch from full-time to part-time and back again while remaining in the same position. Fifty-four percent allowed this in 2005, yet only 41 percent now do. And, fewer employers (86 percent in 2005 vs. 73 percent in 2012) offer programs that allow workers to gradually return to work after childbirth or adoption.
It is easy to see what has happened during tough economic times. Companies have had to trim their payrolls, and now that they believe they have highly productive staffs, they want to maximize that asset.
“It is clear that employers continue to struggle with fewer resources for benefits that incur a direct cost,” says Ken Matos of the Families and Work Institute. “However, they have made it a priority to grant employees access to a wider variety of benefits that fit their individual and family needs and that improve their health and well-being.”
Or login with:
OpenIDBy Don “Doc” Sanders
You readers must admit that all of the facts and hype over a projected two billion world population increase — to a total of nine billion people by 2050 — gives pause for concern. I know it did for me. That’s because to feed all those people, we’ll have to increase food production by 50%.
After a year or so of my own research and discussions with others, I believe that agriculture will meet this demand. However, I offer one caveat: producing enough food is one thing but distributing it to everyone is another.
I still remember the stories in the past of governments locking up grain in warehouses — even though their citizens were starving from a drought and famine — because the food was produced from genetically modified crops. It’s time to get over such fears. I believe biotechnology and other
technology is going to be part of the solution to feeding our fast-growing world. Here are some reasons I am confident of this:
• Glyphosate-tolerant corn (Round-up Ready) is being used in Africa to combat the infamous witch weed. Witch weed is a parasitic weed that attaches to the corn stalk, sucks the nutrients from the plant and ultimately kills it. This strategy has been highly successful.
• Barley that formerly required six waterings to grow a bumper crop has been genetically modified to produce high yields on just one watering.
• Rice is a staple in many third world countries. Through biotechnology it has been “beefed up” with iron, vitamin A and vitamin D. Now children who formerly had life-threatening deficiencies can enjoy improved health.
• Right here in the good old U.S. of A., dairy farmers have made tremendous strides in improving productivity. In the 1940s, it took 24 million cows to produce enough milk for our country’s 160 million citizens. Since then, the American population has nearly doubled — to 315 million. But thanks to innovative dairymen, a mere 8.5 million dairy cows supply our milk needs. In fact, those cows are so productive, they’re creating a milk surplus, compounding the economic woes of dairy farmers. The environmental crowd that chants the sustainability mantra should celebrate the cow’s amazing productivity. Yet they blame cows for global warming, despite the fact today’s dairy farms have just over a third of the cows milked back in the ‘40s.
Americans are blessed that our forefathers had the foresight to establish an agency to test new science and new drugs for efficacy and safety before allowing them to be released for use. This agency is the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Most of the world’s countries lack an organization like the FDA, but would likely benefit from it.
Countries that don’t develop protocols for reviewing and approving new technologies will be left behind. The European Union (EU) is a perfect example of this. The European Parliament, the Union’s lawmaking body, voted to ban all biotechnology related to genetically modified organisms (GMO). Each of the EU governments spends millions of dollars in testing every year to ensure that all grain purchased from the U.S. is free of GMO seed. While their government is frittering away their time in GMO isolation, the EU has gradually shifted from being a net exporter of agricultural products to a net importer. Unfortunately, the EU will ultimately be left behind, with its citizens unable to afford food.
I salute American agriculture for its ability to adapt and meet the challenge. Now if we could only get our federal government in synch.At 09:31 AM 7/16/2001 -0500, per the registration page: [[ Hotel Requirements. Note Actual reservations must still be made by the individual with the hotel (see the logistics page). The information below is a redundant source of information for the meeting planners. ]] This is reductant information to help manage various logistics and help the meeting planners. If you're planning on staying at the conference hotel, select 'require' on this form. If not, select 'do not required'. There is no need to go back and update this form after you reserve a hotel room. -- eric miller semantic web activity lead mailto:em@w3.org w3c world wide web consortium tel:1.614.763.1100 (primary) 200 technology square, ne43-350 tel:1.617.258.5714 cambridge, ma 02139 usa fax:1.208.330.5213Received on Monday, 16 July 2001 11:03:20 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Wednesday, 7 January 2015 14:53:50 UTCThe Western Reserve Fire Museum and Education Center in downtown Cleveland got a $83,000 boost that will allow it to open by the end of the year.
The Ohio Cultural Facilities Commission, a state agency established in the late 1980s to help museums, theaters and sports stadiums, approved an $83,334 grant for the fire museum. The commission has given out more than $400 million since its inception.
"We lobbied for the support . . . and we're fortunate to get it," project manager Scott Carpenter said. "It's not as much as I'd hoped for, but it's a nice chunk."
The first floor will be open for visitors by the end of the year, possibly by early fall, said Carpenter, who was reached at the building, on Carnegie Avenue across from Progressive Field.
The museum, which in an earlier life was Cleveland Fire Station No. 28, will allow visitors to see how fires were fought beginning in the 1850s.
There's also a trove of photographs chronicling the work of firefighters through the last century at the 83-year-old building, which was also the fire alarm office and dispatch center for the city.
It also will be turned into the hub of fire safety education, including prevention, for the region, Carpenter said.
Since the nonprofit organization leased the building in late 2003, Cleveland firefighters have donated more than $300,000. Local businesses, individuals and others also have given money and donated work and materials to speed along the renovation.
Volunteers -- many firefighters -- did the early demolition work in the historic building.
"We're up to our neck in renovation of the facility," Carpenter said.
Another $500,000 or so is needed to finish all the renovations, including some that will allow the second floor to be opened.
There also will be retrofits to bring some modern conveniences to it, including the addition of an elevator and women's bathrooms.
When it was built in 1926, women weren't firefighters, Carpenter said.
To find out more about the museum, go to:.Robert NilssenProfessor Department of Electric Power Engineering
robert.nilssen@ntnu.no +47 73594243 +47 46414738 O. S. Bragstads plass 2, Elektro E*E-418
Background and activities
Scientific, academic and artistic work
A selection of recent journal publications, artistic productions, books, including book and report excerpts. See all publications in the database
Journal publications
- (2014) Effects of Loading and slot harmonic on Radial Magnetic Forces in Low-Speed Permanent Magnet Machine with Concentrated Windings. IEEE transactions on magnetics.
- ) Marine Current Turbines and Generator preference. A technology review. The Renewable Energies and Power Quality Journal (RE&PQJ).
- (2013) Design and measurement of a passive thrust magnetic bearing for a bearingless motor. IEEE Industrial Electronics Society. Annual Conference. Proceedings.
- (2013) Using third harmonic for shape optimization of flux density distribution in linear permanent-magnet machine. Applied Mechanics and Materials.
- (2013) Development of a segmented linear variable flux reluctance motor with DC-field coil. Applied Mechanics and Materials. vol. 416-417.
- (2013) High-power generators for offshore wind turbines. Energy Procedia. vol. 35.
- (2013) Comparison of linear switched flux permanent magnet machines. Applied Mechanics and Materials. vol. 416-417.
- (2010) Performance Comparisons Among Radial-Flux, Multistage Axial-Flux, and Three-Phase Transverse-Flux PM Machines for Downhole Applications. IEEE transactions on industry applications. vol. 46 (2).
- (2010) Tubular Linear Oscillatory Machine for Drilling Applications. Journal of Electrical Engineering. vol. 10.
- (2008) Applications of Linear Permanent Magnet Actuators in Offshore Applications. Proceedings of the WSEAS conferences.
- (1998) Efficient Spanning Trees for a High-Order Edge Element T-_C Eddy Current Formulation. IEEE transactions on magnetics. vol. 34 (5).
Part of book/report
- (2014) Dual purpose no voltage winding design for the bearingless ac homopolar and consequent pole motors. The 2014 International Power Electronics Conference.
- (2014) Outer-rotor ac homopolar motors for flywheel energy storage. 7th IET International Conference on Power Electronics, Machines and Drives - PEMD 2014.
- (2014) Multiple-airgap iron-cored direct-driven permanent magnet wind generators. International conference on Electrical Machines, ICEM 2014.
- (2014) Effects of loading on radial magnetic forces in low-speed permanent magnet machine with concentrated windings. International conference on Electrical Machines, ICEM 2014.
- (2013) Suspension Force Model for Bearingless AC Homopolar Machines Designed for Flywheel Energy Storage. GCC Conference and Exhibition (GCC), 2013, 7th IEEE.
- (2013) Analysis of a low-speed PM Wind generator with concentrated windings in eccentricity conditions. Electrical Machines and Systems (ICEMS), 2013 International Conference on.From professional translators, enterprises, web pages and freely available translation repositories.
Search human translated sentences
Credits - Computer translations are provided by a combination of our statistical machine translator, Google, Microsoft, Systran and Worldlingo.
Help rating similar searches: pilingera (Tagalog - English) | nanghiram (Tagalog - English) | nagtuturo (Tagalog - English) | tagapagmana (Tagalog - English) | tumatanggap (Tagalog - English)
Users are now asking for help: proverb tamil story (English>Tamil) | gwgle (Welsh>English) | bhabhi ki chudaiclip (English>Hindi) | team ausstattung, radio hifi, heizung, cd-player (German>French) | so gaye kiya (English>Hindi) | operacia plastika na uchu, prasknuty bubienok (Slovak>English) | orationibus (Latin>Italian) | intensivering (Dutch>German) | balanceringssystemen (Dutch>Swedish) | very well said (English>Tagalog) | cushions (English>Spanish) | mtk live wallpapers (English>Italian) | sbandamenti (Italian>English) | cadrer (French>Hungarian) | opvallende kwaliteA Short History of Unintended Consequences From NATO’s War in Libya
The unintended consequences of NATO’s fateful intervention in Libya are widening still in Africa’s Sahel region. The military coup that took place last month in Mali is a monument to the consequences of U.S. interventionism and the resulting power vacuum and instability has caused mayhem. Rebel troops seized power and toppled the government in a bid to oust democratically elected President Amadou Toumani Toure who they claim insufficiently supported the military in a fight against Tuareg militants waging an insurgency in the north., trained by the U.S. military.
This was all bad enough. Sanogo and his junta suspended the constitution, imposed a curfew, arrested their political opponents, and cracked down on the press. Neighboring West African leaders then imposed very harsh economic sanctions – virtually a blockade – on Mali, demanding a return to civilian rule. They even threatened to use military force against Mali’s coup leaders, with the prospect of a regional war still lingering. Meanwhile, the Tuaregs effectively split the country in two, announcing “the irrevocable independence” of the north in early April.
Robert Fowler, a former UN regional envoy, told the Guardian, .”
The big news today is that the Nigerian-based militant group Boko Haram is mixing with Mali’s Tuareg insurgents in the north. This further imperils the stability of the region. Incidentally, Boko Haram has been growing stronger and more violent with every great leap forward of U.S. intervention in Nigeria..
This twisted freewheeling story of hazardous aftereffects, lest we forget, does not begin and end with Mali or Boko Haram. A UN report released in February assessing “the Libyan crisis” claimed that the impact of the NATO-backed rebel victory over Gadhafi “reverberated across the world” as “such neighboring countries as Algeria, Chad, Egypt, Mali, Mauritania, the Niger and Tunisia,” among many others, “bore the brunt of the challenges that emerged as a result of the crisis.” The “Governments of these countries,” says the report, “had to contend with the influx of hundreds of thousands of traumatized and impoverished returnees as well as the inflow of unspecified and unquantifiable numbers of arms and ammunition from the Libyan arsenal,” which “further exacerbate[d] an already precarious and tenuous situation.” Remember, this was a humanitarian intervention.
Back in Libya itself, the more direct consequences of the NATO-backed regime change don’t look any better. The rebels the U.S. intervention supported committed serious war crimes during and immediately following the actual conflict. Subsequently, we’ve seen rival militias battling each other in a latent civil war. Civilian residents in towns essentially occupied by these militias have complained about militia men breaking into homes, looting their possessions, abusing their families, and detaining and torturing scores on suspicion of being loyal to Gadhafi. The NTC and its fighters seem to want little to do with democracy. Massive numbers of detainees are being held without trial in Libya, being subjected to widespread torture which has even killed numerous prisoners.
The legacy of the war in Libya, as we can see, is currently one of supporting criminals, destabilizing an entire region on the African continent, and unconstitutional war by an Executive not preoccupied by the rule of law. And what about the responsibility to protect Libyans from Gadhafi’s imminent genocide? Well, for those who have been paying attention, it’s pretty clear the kind of wholesale slaughter predicted by the Obama administration was mostly fabrication, as Ben Friedman documents at the National Interest blog.
Yet people are still praising the NATO intervention. This unravelling catalogue of failure and fortuitous ramifications simply cannot stand up to the stubborn mindset of the interventionist. It is baffling, but after the ongoing disaster of Libya – after the failures, war crimes, and quagmires in Iraq and Afghanistan – people still have the gall to be pushing for war and regime change in Syria, a far more dangerous and complex case than Libya which would be an order of magnitude worse in its consequences.
Jim Bovard
April 10th, 2012 at 6:20 am
Excellent analysis, John. Now if only Hillary Clinton could be compelled to pay attention to these details…
Brian Beyer
April 10th, 2012 at 7:50 am
Well done, John.
nikhilhoganmt
April 10th, 2012 at 12:18 pm
Good article, John. Will pass this around.
Tommy
April 10th, 2012 at 11:13 pm
Not sure how "unintentional" these consequences really are.
AU Must Back Syrian Peace – AllAfrica.com | Libtech
April 11th, 2012 at 10:23 am
[…] Libya and SyriaDissident VoiceMess in Mali: The Logic of Unintended ConsequencesPalestine ChronicleA Short History of Unintended Consequences From NATO's War in LibyaAntiwar.com […]
Z.Taher
April 12th, 2012 at 1:20 pm
As a Libyan who is still suffering the ‘unintended consequences’ of the NATO war on my country, I am thankful that at least there are people who are spreading the truth. Thank you John.
Sara
April 14th, 2012 at 7.
Sara
April 14th, 2012 at 7.…
McCain on Syria: No Chance for Blowback, Other Than All That Blowback « Antiwar.com Blog
May 7th, 2012 at 8:03 am
[…] extremists did in fact benefit from our intervention in Libya and the Jeffersonians people like McCain rallied behind are virtually non-existent in […].
Soo sweet, Carolyn. I have such fond memories of the gazillion smocked
dresses I made for my granddaughter (who is 14 now and wants nothing to do with "Mimi-made". :-) Enjoy this new bundle and be sure and sew
for her to your heart's content. I look forward to the day when mine becomes old enough to appreciate "Mimi-made" again.
Joan R.
What a sweet little dress! Oh, you will love being with your grand-daughter and spoiling her!
Lovely smocked dress! Congratulation on your new granddaughter!
that dress is so cute - I have never tried smocking
Congratulations on your first bishop's. Maybe you have made another by now. I never overcast the seams where they are pleated. The angle of the cut is usually off grain - not really bias but better than grain and if they are trimmed a bit they are usually so tight in the pleating that they will not fray. If the fabric is something loose that does fray then they could be fray-checked after pleating. Good luck with your future smocking. I am an addict.
Great work Carolyn. I really miss the days when my daughter wore smocking. She's sixteen now, and I've been telling her for years that she has to have four children, and at least two have to be girls! LOL
I found that when making bishops I needed to stitch the arm seams with a straight stitch, trim to about 1/8 of an inch, and then zig zag over the raw edge. When putting it through the pleater, pleat up to just before the first part of the seam goes in, and line up the seam by prodding it gently in between the pleater rods so it's all straight and the entire seam goes through at the same time - this also helps keep your pleating straight! Very slowly and carefully turn the wheel, rocking it gently back and forth if needed, until the seam is through. Breathe a huge sigh of relief and relax until you get to the next one..... ;-)
It also helps to put a piece of waxed paper through your pleater before pleating fabric, the wax cleans and lubricates the needles.Thanks! Why are you flagging this item?
Cancel
View Portfolio
Artist:pressmaster
Photo Details
- Photo ID#:
- 21332593
- Number of Views:
- 0
- Model Released:
- Yes
- Downloads:
- 2
- Property Released:
- No
- Date Uploaded:
- 18 Feb 2013
- Date Created:
- 25 Jan 2012
Description
successful dentist and his assistant expressing positivity about their work
Location: Russia
Source: Canon EOS 5D Mark II
Tags for this Photo
More From Artist
Load more resultsRoger Pacholka, M.D., receives Humanism in Medicine award from WSU's Graduating Medical Students
Dayton, Ohio, lives and practices.
For more information, contact Marketing and Communications..) (His.)Michelle Williams shows some leg in a form-fitting dress while arriving at the 2014 BET Awards held at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live on Sunday (June 29) in Los Angeles.
The 33-year-old singer was seen posing on the red carpet with original Destiny’s Child member LeToya Luckett, who left the group with LaTavia Roberson in 2000.
PHOTOS: Check out the latest pics of Michelle Williams
“….@Yolandalive!!!!!!!!! Jesus IS love!!!!” Michelle tweeted at the ceremony about Yolanda Adams‘ performance.
FYI: Michelle is wearing an Olcay Gulsen dress and YSL shoes. LeToya is wearing a Sen Couture gown. More Here! »Show Us Your Best To-Do List Of 2013 And Win A Year Of Your Own Virtual Personal Assistant
What did you get done this year?
Benjamin Franklin was a meticulous lister. The author Umberto Eco said, "The list is the origin of culture. Wherever you look in cultural history, you will find lists." Even the Man In Black, Johnny Cash, was fond of to-do lists. There's an amazing history to the to-do list, but there's still one question.
What does your to-do list look like?
Send us a photo of your favorite to-do list from 2013—whether it's on paper, from an app, or a Lego wall calendar that syncs with Google—along with a brief description of what makes it special. Fast Company's Leadership editor Kathleen Davis will choose her favorite. The winner will receive a one-year basic subscription to Fancy Hands (a $300 value), a service that let's you delegate five tasks a month to your own virtual personal assistant—freeing you up to be more productive.
Send a photo of your list, along with a three-sentence description, to gimme@fastcompany.com with the subject line: I Did It In 2013. Entries must be submitted by Wednesday, December 18 at 11:59 p.m. The winners will be announced on Thursday, along with a slide show with some of the runners-up.
Entrant must be a legal resident of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia, who is 18 or older as of December 17, 2013. Please be sure to read the complete contest rules.
And don't forget, you still have until 11:59 p.m. tonight to enter our visual riddle mashup sweepstakes for a chance to win a Sonos Play:5 music system
[Image: Flickr user Alexandre Dulaunoy]
Add New Comment
2 Comments
Where can one find the list of winners?
What a cool contest, great way to make the To-Do list sound interesting and promote its use by trying to come up with a different way of thinking about what we have to do! It makes me want to think of ways to be creative with my lists in 2014.Update (Apr 8th): Big thank you goes to @CanoeKing for letting me play around with his shiny new iPad, after he drove down to the US to buy it.
I was very impressed by the device’s responsiveness. It was quick and very smooth, especially when it comes to zooming in and out of a page. Remember those annoying checkerboard things when panning around a webpage on the iPhone? That is nowhere to be found on the iPad, everything loads and renders beautifully. Having said that, I’m still having doubts on the “iPad will save the publishing industry” idea. The screen is crisp and bright… but it is certainly NOT as book friendly as the eInk powered Kindle. Yes, the iPad lets read in the dark too… but your eyes get tired even faster in that case.
Lastly, the device is heavier than I expected but it feels sturdy and rock solid. However, in order to cut cost Apple left out the headphones and even the screen cloth that normally come with iPhones. To sum up, I was impressed with the device and the screen size makes many apps much easier and more fun to use. Let’s see what Apple can do with OS 4.x for the iPad and iPhone.
My predictions
-introduce iAd for developers confirmed
-better app management on the device confirmed
-limited multi-tasking. (I say limited because I don’t think Apple will let you run as much apps until the memory gives out) confirmed
-more voice control options for the OS. ex. cut copy paste, speech to text nope
-better management of notifications. ex. SMS, push nope
-All mail folder in Mail app confirmed
-iBooks on iPhones confirmed
-More features added to moibleMe, esp iPad specific features nope
-OS 4.x will be released to iPad owners first? drops support for 1st Gen iPhone semi confirmed. iPad update actually comes out later than iPhones/Touch. 1st Gen iPhone/Touch is not supported. Multitasking is not supported for iPhone3G/2nd gen Touch <-Ouch!
———————————————————————————————————-
Apr 5th
iPad seems to be the hottest new gadget in town. Today Apple reported that 300, 000 units sold on US launch day, which is a lot better than the original iPhone. (but remember the original iPhone was a lot more expensive)
Personally, I never buy any first generation product, especially not from Apple. The company is known to introduce cool concept products into the market that need major polishing, especially on the software side. The iPad is essentially an iPod Touch with a 9.7 inch screen, and a slightly faster processor. It offers NO new features in the package other than the large screen real estate.
Apple is being smart in leveraging its position as a market leader to introduce a dirt cheap tablet before anyone else and even before its own software team could finish iPhoneOS 4.0. It was a gamble but I think the odds are agreeing with Steve Jobs. Even if iPad doesn’t sell as well as iPhones and iPods, the launch is significant enough to position the company as one of the pioneers of modern tablet computers.
My guess is that Apple probably already has the next generation iPad sitting in its vault somewhere. It probably has a camera or two built-in for video conferencing. However, the first fight that the company wants to win is PRICE, and they have already won even before the product shipped out. Its $499 starter unit price is unbeatable so far. Now come to think about it… the removal of that camera on the iPod Touch 3rd Gen could be related to the decision to launch the camera-less iPad.
Therefore, the bottom line is that Apple scored a winner either way. Competitors can easily beat iPad in features, but will fail tremendously in pricing. For the rational person… will he/she spend $500 on an iPod Touch XL or $600+ on a HP tablet that runs Windows? The decision is tough… and my answer will be NEITHER… but I won’t denied the appeal that the iPad has over the tablet PC.
Apple will be giving everyone a sneak peek at the iPhoneOS 4.0 on Thursday, April 8th. Let’s see what this software update can bring to the table. Either way, personally I’ll be waiting for iPad 2nd Gen before telling Apple my credit card number.Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl Will Be Found In A Theater Near You
Gone Girl by Gillian Flynn immediately got our attention in June. This creepy psychological mystery won the June 2012 RT Seal of Excellence. We couldn’t get enough of this read, and we weren’t the only ones. This deeply disturbing tale shot up the bestseller lists and has already been getting some serious award buzz. So it is no surprise to hear that Gone Girl has just been scooped up for a film adaptation.
The story unfolds around married couple Amy and Nick. They’ve recently relocated from New York City to the middle of the country in a move that Amy is none too happy about. But when, on the day of the couple’s fifth anniversary, the young wife goes missing — is it a simple kidnapping or something much more foul?
20th Century Fox reportedly spent seven figures to acquire the rights to turn Flynn’s mystery into a movie. That kind of serious money behind this adaptation can only mean one thing — a fast track to theaters. And readers worried that the big screen version won't live up to the book can breathe a deep sigh of relief because the author has already signed on to write the screenplay herself. Another notable name attached to the adaptation is actress and producer Reese Witherspoon. (However, there’s no word yet on if she plans to star as the mysterious missing Amy.)
With its cast of not-quite likable characters that kept us guessing right up to the very end, we had a very fun time creating our dream cast.
Protagonist Nick who may be a killer? RT staffers easily agreed that although Bradley Cooper may have to die his hair darker to truly become Nick, he’s already got Nick’s signature frat guy good looks. Plus he may be evil or he may be a grieving husband, but either way he will look darn good as the prime suspect.
We’d love to see Gillian Jacobs play the part of Amy. This Community star could easily transform herself into the rich, pampered daughter of two psychologists-turned-childrens’ book authors. We think that she could step into the awkward shoes of the real life inspiration for her parents fiction success with considerable aplomb — and walk the line between unknowable and supremely likable all at once. (Although that’s of course if Witherspoon doesn’t decide to step up to the role.)
Finally, for the role of Nick’s beloved twin sister, Go — who happens to hate Amy with a passion — we’d call in Carey Mulligan. The actress lacks the Betty Boop, kewpie doll quality that Go (aka Margo) is described as having. However, Mulligan certainly calls to mind old screen star elegance. Furthermore, Go may be the only person readers like, so it’s important that she be played by someone we automatically gravitate toward.
Now, we can’t cast anyone else without drastically spoilerizing, but we promise to let you know as soon as more news about this project is released. And for more film adaptation and TV updates, be sure to check out our monthly column From Page To Screen!Why today? Options hangover? - No news, No fires, No Nothing- Bear trap setup?
A #$%$ lawsuit on the behalf of "shareholders" regarding safety claims.
Sentiment: Buy
Momentum is over.
Two law firms either investigating or class action suing, a string of so-called analysts or bloggers piling on now that the stock is weak, questions arising over their accounting practices, etc. The list is endless and the pressure is mounting. With shorts already controlling a third of the float, they are probably doubling down and let's not forget all the institutional investors who are buckling under all of the above and hitting the sell button. My gut tells me all is hopeless but my mind is telling me to hold fast and weather the storm. I've been in this situation before and panicking usually has an ugly ending. You have to sort through it and act according to your own self interests. The shorts have only one mission: to convince you to sell, sell, sell so they can enrichen themselves.
Sentiment: Hold
I originally bought TSLA stock with my eyes on the Model E. Going to use my stock to buy my Model E. They continue to expand into new markets, open up new factories, etc. They are in big capex mode now but imagine the cash flows with their 25% gross margins and after they are done with their massive capex cycle. Keep your eye on the prize.
I used to be short and covered at 140, had an order to short at 146.5 that unfortunately never got filled. I have no position in this stock, so whether you sell, buy or hold will not benefit me, but with as many problems as this company has and a triple digit 2015 PE, with price of gas falling, stock market hitting round numbers which makes MMs look at their holdings closely, limited battery supply, and government subsidies going away in couple of years, this should be a no brainer. I do not feel comfortable being long this stock unless it hits 80 or so.The news of Facebook’s acquisition of WhatsApp for $19b+ crystallized some thoughts I’ve had on mobile messaging platforms like WhatsApp and BBM, and previously desktop messaging platforms like MSN Messenger and AOL Instant Messenger.
The $19b+ WhatApp purchase price was apparently justified by the high number of active users on the platform (some high percentage of the 450mm registered users). There is however a big difference between an active user on a social network like Facebook and an active user on a messaging platform like WhatsApp. Both require you to construct a social network of your friends and associates (with all agreeing to use the same platform – no small feat in the early days). The difference however lies in what and how content is shared within that network. Unlike in Facebook where content is usually long lasting (eg. has a long half-life) and is by default shared across everyone in your social network (and often their social networks too), messaging platforms are usually sharing very short-lived content and usually only between two people.
That means that when there’s a problem (like there was yesterday with WhatsApp system-wide downtime) users can very quickly move to alternatives to address their immediate point-to-point communication requirement. Users don’t have to worry about content they’ve left behind (half-life value of a conversation between users is in the minutes), and likely have multiple ways to reach the other person in the point-to-point conversation.
So without long-lived broadly shared content tied up in the messaging platform, and with the relative ease of setting up alternative point-to-point communication paths to people in your network, the lock-in of a messaging platform is relatively low, despite the fact that there is substantial network effect. Hence the rise and fall of several messaging platforms that had all achieved broad acceptance in their time (AOL IM, MSN Messenger, BBM).
It will be interesting to see how WhatsApp evolves (will they leverage a users Facebook content and social networks to increase lock-in) and if they can avoid the same challenges as messaging platforms that cam before them.Soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC), a key enzyme of the nitric oxide (NO) signaling pathway, is attracting a rapidly growing interest as a therapeutic target in cardiopulmonary disease, with several sGC agonists currently in clinical development. Upon binding of NO to a prosthetic heme group on sGC, the enzyme catalyzes synthesis of the second messenger cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP), which produces vasorelaxation and inhibits smooth muscle proliferation, leukocyte recruitment and platelet aggregation through a number of downstream mechanisms.1,2
Impaired NO and cGMP signaling has been implicated in the pathogenesis of cardiovascular disease, including systemic arterial and pulmonary hypertension (PH), coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease (including erectile dysfunction), and atherosclerosis.1,3–5 Organic nitrates that target the NO signaling pathway have been used to treat cardiovascular disease for more than 150 years. More recently, gaseous NO administered by inhalation has been approved for the treatment of persistent PH of the newborn.3,6 These agents nonetheless have several important limitations. Cardiovascular disease is associated with resistance to NO and organic nitrates.7 This may be due to the oxidative-stress-induced alteration of the redox state of the prosthetic heme on sGC (from ferrous to ferric) that weakens the binding of heme to the enzyme and renders sGC unresponsive to NO.1,8 Furthermore, the long-term efficacy of organic nitrates is limited by the development of tolerance.9 Nitric oxide may also have numerous cytotoxic effects, mostly attributed to the reactive oxidant peroxynitrite (formed from the diffusion-controlled reaction of NO with superoxide).3,10 Peroxynitrite interacts with proteins and lipids, altering cellular signaling, disrupting mitochondrial function, and damaging DNA, which can eventually culminate in cellular dysfunction and/or death.3
As the beneficial effects of NO appear to be mediated through the sGC-cGMP-dependent downstream mechanisms, whereas most of its detrimental effects occur independently,11 recent efforts have centered on identifying pharmacological agents that could target sGC-cGMP signaling directly. Compounds that act directly on sGC can be divided into two categories based on their modes of action – sGC stimulators and sGC activators. Stimulators sensitize sGC to low levels of bioavailable NO by stabilizing the nitrosyl-heme complex and thus maintaining the enzyme in its active configuration, and they can also increase sGC activity in the absence of NO.11,12 Their action is dependent on the presence of a reduced (ferrous) prosthetic heme.13–15 By contrast, sGC activators preferentially and effectively activate sGC when it is in an oxidized or, finally, a heme-free state (Figure 1).11,16,17 Oxidation of the heme group on sGC results in its dissociation from the enzyme and the generation of NO-insensitive sGC with only basal levels of activity.18 Levels of oxidized or heme-free sGC are increased in animal models of hypertension and hyperlipidemia, as well as in certain cardiovascular diseases and type 2 diabetes in humans.19,20 The detrimental effects of high levels of heme-free sGC were recently demonstrated in a study of genetically modified mice that express only the heme-free version of the enzyme. The mice had systemic hypertension with a loss of smooth muscle relaxation responses to NO and a shortened lifespan.21 The two categories of sGC agonists may thus have utility in different groups of diseases, depending on the relative importance of synergistic action with NO (sGC stimulators) compared with ability to act preferentially in conditions associated with oxidative stress (sGC activators).
The first sGC activator, an amino dicarboxylic acid known as cinaciguat (BAY 58-2667), was discovered in a high-throughput screening less than a decade ago.22 Cinaciguat enabled scientists to demonstrate the presence of heme-free sGC in vivo for the first time.20 It activates oxidized/heme-free sGC by binding in the sGC heme pocket and mimicking the heme group; it also protects heme-free sGC from oxidation-induced proteasomal degradation. Cinaciguat therefore opens up the possibility of new mechanism-based therapies for cardiovascular diseases associated with oxidative stress,8,23 and is currently in clinical development for the treatment of acute decompensated heart failure.24–26 A more recently discovered sGC activator, the anthranilic acid derivative ataciguat (HMR 1766),27 has also been studied in clinical trials in healthy volunteers,28 in patients with intermittent claudication due to peripheral arterial disease and in patients with neuropathic pain. However, its clinical development in these patients appears to have been stopped.29,30 Another activator of sGC, BAY 60-2770, has been newly characterized in preclinical studies.31
The development of sGC stimulators began in the mid-1990s with the synthetic benzylindazole compound YC-1.32–34 Binding of YC-1 to sGC is thought to stabilize the enzyme in its active configuration by maintaining stability of the nitrosyl-heme complex.35,36 YC-1 increases the activity of purified sGC by approximately 10-fold, an effect that is enhanced by approximately one-to-two orders of magnitude in the presence of NO.33,34,37 Although the precise mechanism by which YC-1 stimulates sGC remains to be elucidated, evidence to date suggests that YC-1 interacts with the catalytic domain of sGC and implicates both subunits of sGC in the action of YC-1.12 YC-1 has been shown to have additional, cGMP-independent effects38–40 and to inhibit phosphodiesterase (PDE) 5,41,42 thus limiting its usefulness as a sGC stimulator. A structurally unrelated class of sGC stimulators (the acrylamide analogs A-350619, A-344905 and A-778935) was also discovered in recent years, but the vast majority of publications have focused on YC-1 and its successors (the indazole family).12,43–45 Another sGC stimulator, CFM-1571, was developed based on YC-1 as a lead structure,46 but has low oral bioavailability and potency.
A separate chemical and pharmacological optimization program yielded the pyrazolopyridine derivatives BAY 41-2272 and BAY 41-8543.13,14,47 The mode of action of these two compounds is similar to that of YC-1, but they have greater potency and specificity for sGC than YC-1. BAY 41-2272 stimulates the activity of sGC by approximately 20-fold13 and BAY 41-8543 stimulates it by up to 92-fold,14 and both compounds strongly synergize with NO to stimulate sGC activity by up to 200-fold.15 Unlike YC-1, BAY 41-8543 is devoid of PDE5 inhibition14 and BAY 41-2272 does not cause any significant inhibition of PDE5 at the concentrations needed to stimulate sGC.13,48–50 In addition, BAY 41-2272 and BAY 41-8543 do not inhibit other cGMP-specific or cGMP-metabolizing PDEs, such as PDE1, PDE2 and PDE9.13,14,51
Further pharmacokinetic optimization with an investigation of over 800 pyrimidine derivatives finally yielded the orally bioavailable sGC stimulator riociguat (BAY 63-2521).52 Riociguat increases the activity of sGC in vitro by up to 73-fold and acts in synergy with NO to increase sGC activity up to 122-fold.53 It does not inhibit cGMP-specific or cGMP-metabolizing PDEs, such as PDE1, PDE2, PDE5 and PDE9, at concentrations up to 10 μM.53 It has vasodilator properties similar to BAY 41-2272 and BAY 41-8543, and is the first sGC stimulator to make the transition into clinical research, showing promising results in patients with PH in uncontrolled trials.54,55
While clinical research is focusing on PH at present, disrupted NO signaling is a common pathogenic feature in many forms of cardiovascular disease, and the therapeutic potential of sGC stimulators has been and continues to be explored in a wide range of animal models. Research to identify and optimize new compounds in this drug class (e.g. the aminopyrimidines)56 is also ongoing. The remainder of this review will evaluate the potential of sGC stimulation across the broad spectrum of cardiovascular disease, explain the rationale behind the current clinical focus on PH, and discuss the implications of the initial clinical results.
Impaired NO-sGC-cGMP signaling is a key feature of systemic arterial hypertension,57,58 and studies of sGC stimulators in experimental models of hypertension have provided valuable insights regarding their therapeutic potential. Intravenous YC-1 produced a significant reduction of mean arterial pressure in a rat model of hypertension.59 Oral BAY 41-2272 and BAY 41-8543 also produced dose-dependent vasodilation and markedly improved survival in rat models of hypertension, without causing tolerance.13,60 Furthermore, studies in low NO rat models of hypertension demonstrated that BAY 41-8543 had a renal protective effect,60 BAY 41-2272 attenuated cardiac fibrosis and hypertrophy,61 and riociguat provided significant protection against cardiac and renal damage, reducing glomerulosclerosis, cardiac and renal interstitial fibrosis, and the left ventricular weight.62 Riociguat also normalized blood pressure and demonstrated renal and cardiac protective effects in a rat model of chronic renal failure.62
There is evidence from animal models of hypertension that sGC stimulation may protect against end-organ damage independently of its hemodynamic effects. A low dose of BAY 41-2272 that did not affect blood pressure attenuated cardiac fibrosis in rat models of hypertension induced by infusion of angiotensin II63 and suprarenal aortic constriction.64 BAY 41-2272 also inhibited angiotensin converting enzyme synthesis and myofibroblast transformation in cultured cardiac fibroblasts, suggesting a mechanism by which sGC stimulation might mediate a direct anti-fibrotic effect in the heart.64 Finally, a recent study in aged spontaneously hypertensive rats showed that BAY 41-2272 could completely reverse established cardiac fibrosis and reduce cardiac hypertrophy at a dose that did not produce an antihypertensive effect.65 The sGC activators cinaciguat and ataciguat have also shown pressure-independent anti-remodeling effects in the heart.65,66 Taken together, these results indicate that sGC agonists can exert renal and cardiac protection, and that their antifibrotic effect in the heart may occur independently of their effect on vascular tone. This has important implications not only for the treatment of systemic arterial hypertension, but also for preventing its progression to cardiac dysfunction, heart failure, and renal failure.
The development and progression of heart failure involves both endothelial and myocardial dysfunction and dysregulation of a number of signaling pathways including the NO-sGC-cGMP pathway.67,68 Agonists of sGC could have beneficial effects in heart failure with a reduced left ventricular ejection fraction by preventing the progression of, or even reversing, ventricular hypertrophy and fibrosis.63–65 In addition, sGC agonists may have acute beneficial effects by decreasing right and left ventricular afterload through vasodilatation of both the pulmonary and systemic circulations. In a study using a canine model of heart failure induced by rapid ventricular pacing, administration of the sGC stimulator BAY 41-2272 reduced systemic pressure, pulmonary arterial pressure and pulmonary capillary wedge pressure, increased cardiac output, and preserved the glomerular filtration rate.69 Activators of sGC have been researched more extensively in this disease. In a rat model of congestive heart failure, chronic treatment with ataciguat normalized endothelial function, improved sensitivity to NO and reduced platelet activation.70 The sGC activator cinaciguat decreased blood pressure and unloaded the heart in anesthetized dogs, as well as in dogs with heart failure induced by rapid ventricular pacing.22,71,72 In anesthetized dogs, cinaciguat and glyceryl trinitrate had similar arterial and venous vasodilatory effects but cinaciguat had a longer duration of action.22 In a phase IIa open-label study in patients with acute decompensated heart failure, intravenous cinaciguat titrated according to hemodynamic response had a favorable safety profile and potently unloaded the heart while also preserving renal function.24
Atherosclerosis is an inflammatory disease in which arterial lesions are formed via a complex process involving platelet adhesion, leukocyte infiltration and activation, and intimal migration and proliferation of smooth muscle cells. The resulting plaque may eventually rupture, causing thrombosis and ischemia.73,74 Angioplasty and antiplatelet therapy can address the immediate obstruction and prevent distal thrombosis by debris from the ruptured plaque,74 but angioplasty can also damage arterial walls, potentially leading to rethrombosis and/or neointimal hyperplasia (restenosis). Endothelial NO bioavailability is reduced in atherosclerosis as a result of oxidative stress,4,75 and atherosclerotic lesions have reduced levels of sGC.76 These changes contribute substantially to the development of atherosclerotic lesions, and preclinical studies have therefore explored the therapeutic potential of sGC stimulators.
YC-1 prolonged tail bleeding time and reduced mortality in a mouse model of fatal pulmonary thromboembolism.77 In addition, YC-1 inhibited neointimal development in a rat model of carotid arterial balloon injury78,79 and inhibited platelet aggregation and adhesion to collagen in vitro.80 BAY 41-8543 also prolonged rat tail bleeding time, decreased FeCl3-induced thrombosis, and inhibited collagen-mediated human platelet aggregation in plasma and washed platelets.14,60 Moreover, BAY 41-2272 inhibited tissue factor expression and procoagulant activity in stimulated human monocytes and umbilical vein endothelial cells.81 In addition, BAY 41-2272 may have anti-inflammatory properties: it inhibited leukocyte recruitment in mouse mesenteric post-capillary venules,82 and attenuated the adhesive properties of leukocytes from patients with sickle cell disease in vitro.83 The sGC activator ataciguat reduced thrombus formation in a canine model of coronary thrombosis, normalized platelet activation in streptozotocin-diabetic rats, and reduced atherosclerotic plaque formation in apolipoprotein E−/− mice.84 Finally, riociguat inhibited human coronary artery smooth muscle cell migration in vitro and decreased atherosclerosis in apolipoprotein E−/− mice,12 but it has not demonstrated antiplatelet effects in humans.85 In summary, sGC stimulators may inhibit atherosclerosis and restenosis by virtue of their anti-inflammatory and anti-proliferative effects, but their effects on thrombosis in vivo need further investigation.
The cGMP-protein kinase G pathway plays a key role in salvage signaling in ischemia/reperfusion and has been suggested as a therapeutic target.86 Several very recent studies have investigated the role of sGC agonists in this field. The sGC stimulator BAY 41-2272 protected isolated intact rabbit lungs against ischemia/reperfusion injury.87 The sGC activator cinaciguat reduced the myocardial infarction induced by isoproterenol in rats.88 Cinaciguat also increased myocardial cGMP content and reduced infarct size in rabbit and rat hearts when administered prior to reperfusion,89 and improved recovery of myocardial function in dogs undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass with hypothermic cardiac arrest.90 Finally, the sGC activator ataciguat protected isolated rat hearts from reperfusion-induced edema.91
The vascular pathology of PH results from pulmonary endothelial cell dysfunction or injury92 accompanied by dysregulation of various signaling pathways,93 including decreased production of NO and prostacyclin,94–97 and increased levels of endothelin-1,98 thromboxane A296 and serotonin.99 Specifically, the decreased production of NO has recently been linked to Golgi fragmentation (and may thus affect global protein trafficking) in human pulmonary arterial endothelial and smooth muscle cells.100 Organic nitrates are unsuitable for treating PH because patients develop tolerance with long-term use. In addition, organic nitrates lack specificity for the pulmonary circulation and may, therefore, lead to adverse systemic effects such as hypotension, as well as hypoxemia due to impaired ventilation/perfusion matching. Although inhaled NO is used to treat newborns with persistent PH,6 a significant proportion of adult patients with PH do not respond to it,101 likely due to impaired sensitivity of sGC. Moreover, the duration of pulmonary vasodilation is very short and there is a frequent rebound pulmonary vasoconstriction after inhalation of NO is discontinued. When NO is inhaled at high concentrations, there is also a possibility of nonspecific interactions with various biomolecules.3,102 Drugs that target the NO, endothelin, and prostacyclin signaling pathways to promote vasodilatation (PDE5 inhibitors, endothelin receptor antagonists and prostacyclins, respectively) have been developed for the treatment of one subcategory of PH – pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH)103 – and transiently improve quality of life, but outcomes remain poor and there is a need for more effective and durable therapies.104 Furthermore, the majority of patients with PH (those with PH associated with interstitial lung disease [ILD], chronic obstructive pulmonary disease [COPD], or left heart disease, and those with chronic thromboembolic PH [CTEPH]) still have no proven pharmacological treatments.105
An overview of preclinical studies of sGC stimulators in various models of PH is provided in Table 1. BAY 41-2272 produced marked, dose-dependent reductions in mean pulmonary arterial pressure and vascular resistance, as well as an increase in cardiac output, in an ovine model of acute PH.106 BAY 41-2272 also reduced pulmonary vascular resistance in further studies in ovine and canine models of PH and in a canine model of acute pulmonary embolism.107,113,114 Infusion of BAY 41-8543 reversed hypoxic pulmonary hypertension in anesthetized pigs.118 In addition, inhaling BAY 41-2272 and BAY 41-8543 resulted in selective pulmonary vasodilation in ovine and rat models of PH.112,115 Inhibition of endogenous NO synthesis blunted (but did not completely block) the vasodilatory effect of intravenous BAY 41-8543 in rats,116 whereas the vasodilatory effect of BAY 41-2272 on the ovine pulmonary circulation was not affected.106,108 Interestingly, the ability of BAY 41-2272 to function in conditions of low NO was also demonstrated very recently in a study of nitrergic relaxations in the corpus cavernosum of rats treated with an inhibitor of NO synthesis.119 Co-administration of BAY 41-8543 with sodium nitroprusside116 or inhaled NO109 was more effective than administration of each compound alone, and the combination of BAY 41-8543 with inhaled NO caused selective pulmonary vasodilation and improved gas exchange in a rabbit model of acute lung injury.109 BAY 41-2272, BAY 41-8543, and riociguat induced pulmonary vasodilation, and reversed vascular remodeling and right heart hypertrophy in rodent models of PH.53,110,111,115,117 BAY 41-2272 also displayed anti-proliferative properties in human pulmonary arterial smooth muscle cells in vitro,120 and this effect may contribute to the reversal of structural changes observed in animal models of PH.
Riociguat was recently evaluated in a mouse model of smoke-induced emphysema. Treatment with riociguat during six months of smoke exposure prevented the development of emphysema (unpublished data, Norbert Weissmann, PhD, personal communication). While preclinical studies of sGC stimulation in ILD are in progress, sGC activation has shown promise. Cinaciguat inhibited the conversion of human lung fibroblasts into myofibroblasts (a feature of pulmonary fibrosis) in vitro,121 suggesting that sGC agonists could have a dual effect in patients with PH in the context of lung fibrosis, reducing fibrosis as well as promoting pulmonary vasorelaxation.
The extensive preclinical testing of sGC stimulators prompts the question: why was PH chosen as a first focus for clinical studies? The unmet need associated with this devastating disease is certainly an important factor. The therapeutic potential of the NO-sGC-cGMP signaling pathway has also not yet been fully exploited. Up to 60% of patients with PAH do not respond to therapy with the PDE5 inhibitor sildenafil, indicating that pulmonary cGMP production is severely impaired.122,123 In patients with PAH, levels of asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA, an endogenous inhibitor of endothelial NO synthase) are elevated, most likely as a result of reduced expression of dimethylarginine dimethylaminohydrolase 2, which metabolizes ADMA.124 Furthermore, expression of endothelial NO synthase decreases as the disease progresses.94 Thus, NO bioavailability is limited in PAH, and preclinical data indicate that PDE5 inhibitors have limited efficacy in the presence of low levels of endogenous NO.125,126 This is consistent with their mode of action: PDE5 inhibitors prevent the degradation of cGMP and thus rely on sufficient input at the start of the NO-sGC-cGMP pathway (Figure 2).5,127 Interestingly, a preclinical study in a model of erectile dysfunction found that the efficacy of sildenafil was limited when NO levels were low, whereas the efficacy of BAY 41-2272 remained unaltered.125 Long-term administration of BAY 41-2272 also ameliorated the impairment of corpus cavernosum relaxation in a NO-deficient rat model,119 and BAY 41-2272 caused more prolonged vasodilation than sildenafil in a study of pulmonary circulation in the ovine fetus.108 Therefore, sGC stimulators may provide a more robust means of targeting the NO-sGC-cGMP pathway than PDE5 inhibitors. Finally, PAH is now recognized as a proliferative disease of the pulmonary vasculature,128 and may thus respond to the antiproliferative properties ascribed to sGC stimulators in experimental studies. Experimental evidence for a direct pressure-independent anti-remodeling effect in the heart suggests that sGC stimulators could also help to reduce right heart hypertrophy independently of their effects on the vasculature.
A summary of clinical studies of riociguat is provided in Table 2. In a phase I study in 58 healthy male volunteers,129 oral riociguat was well tolerated. In a phase IIa study in 19 patients with PH,54 riociguat demonstrated hemodynamic efficacy as well as favorable tolerability, causing improvement in all major pulmonary hemodynamic parameters to a greater extent than inhaled NO, without adversely affecting gas exchange or ventilation/perfusion matching. Following a 2.5 mg dose of riociguat, mean pulmonary arterial pressure (mPAP) fell by 14% on average.54 The phase IIa study included 5 patients with CTEPH, who demonstrated an increase in cardiac index from baseline following a single dose of riociguat. These initial findings prompted a further open-label study of riociguat in 42 patients with CTEPH as well as 33 patients with PAH.55 In this study, oral titration of riociguat (1–2.5 mg three-times daily for 12 weeks) according to systolic blood pressure was well tolerated and effective. At the end of the study, mPAP showed a median decrease of 4.5 mmHg from baseline. Dyspnea and functional class showed clinically meaningful improvements, accompanied by a marked median improvement in a 6-minute walking distance (6MWD): +55.0 m and +57.0 m from baseline in patients with CTEPH and PAH, respectively. Patients who completed the phase II study were eligible to enter a long-term extension phase, and an interim analysis (performed when the first patient had been in the extension phase for 2 years) suggested that long-term use of riociguat was generally well tolerated, and improvements in 6MWD and functional class were maintained.130
These initial clinical results give cause for optimism, and phase III trials in CTEPH and PAH are ongoing. The results of the phase III trial in CTEPH will generate particular interest, because of the lack of approved pharmacotherapies for this disease. Pulmonary endarterectomy is currently the treatment of choice for CTEPH, but in some patients CTEPH is inoperable, and about one-third of patients who undergo pulmonary endarterectomy continue to have residual PH after the procedure.132 If positive data are obtained in the phase III studies, riociguat could provide these patients with a much-needed pharmacological treatment, as well as becoming a valuable addition to the therapeutic arsenal for PAH.
Riociguat is also being investigated in patients with PH associated with ILD or chronic COPD. Maintenance of gas exchange is a challenge in PH associated with these lung diseases, because indiscriminate pulmonary vasodilation can increase perfusion of poorly ventilated parts of the lungs. In a 12-week, uncontrolled study in 21 patients with PH associated with ILD, riociguat was well tolerated and produced improvements from baseline in cardiac output (+1.3 L/min) and pulmonary vascular resistance (−122 dyn.s/cm5), and an increase in 6MWD (+21 m).131 In an uncontrolled single-dose study in 22 patients with PH associated with COPD, 2.5 mg riociguat caused significant improvements in pulmonary vascular resistance (−124 dyn.s/cm5), without deterioration in lung function or gas exchange (unpublished data, Ardeschir Ghofrani, MD, personal communication). Large randomized controlled studies are now warranted to shed further light on the clinical effects of sGC stimulation in these patient populations.
Patients with left heart disease often develop PH, which worsens their prognosis.133,134 There is growing evidence to consider the use of PH therapies in patients with congestive heart failure.6,133,135–137 The principle of targeting the NO pathway gained support from a pivotal study of a combined administration of isosorbide dinitrate with hydralazine, which showed a considerable reduction in mortality; however, a high frequency of adverse reactions limits its clinical use.138,139 The sGC stimulator BAY 60-4552 (a close chemical analog of riociguat) improved pre- and after-load leading to a significant increase in cardiac index in 42 patients with PH and biventricular heart failure,140 and a randomized controlled trial of riociguat in patients with left heart disease and PH is currently ongoing.
The concept of sGC stimulation as a treatment for cardiopulmonary disease has developed rapidly since its inception in the mid-1990s, and preclinical studies continue to shed new light on the properties of this drug class in a wide range of cardiopulmonary diseases (Figure 3). Riociguat is the first sGC stimulator to enter clinical development and has shown promising phase II results in CTEPH, PAH, and PH associated with ILD and COPD, while a phase II study of BAY 60-4552 has suggested that sGC stimulation may also have potential as a treatment for PH associated with biventricular heart failure. The ongoing phase III randomized controlled trials of riociguat in CTEPH and PAH will hopefully be the first of many clinical studies of sGC stimulators. If successful, these studies will herald a new generation of treatments for cardiopulmonary disease.
Funding Sources Supported, in part, by departmental funds and the NIH Intramural Research Program.
Disclosures J.P.S. is a co-inventor in several patent applications on sGC agonists and an employee of Bayer HealthCare AG. P.P. has no financial interests related to the subject matter of the article. O.V.E. has received test drugs from Bayer HealthCare.Daytrip Aquarius Stretch Cropped Jean
- Low rise zip fly 19" stretch cuffed crop
- Slightly fitted through the hip and thigh
- Studs and rhinestones on pieced metallic
Sizing
- Model Info: Height: 5'8" | Bust: 35" | Waist: 27" | Hip: 38" | Wearing Size: 26
*Conversion sizes may vary.And though he's earned a million in trading profits, Grittani says he'd like to eventually get to the point where his personal net worth exceeds $1 million. He currently estimates he's worth $650,000...
pauliec84 wrote:To my knowledge Bridgeway Omni Small Cap Value fund (BOSVX), which is NOT available to retail investors.
SSSS wrote:Has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Lbill wrote:Vanguard does offer BRSVX, but it might not be like BOSVX. For example, it looks like it has about 10% in REIT holdings.We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
To find the correct Stephanie Mcnamer you are looking for, browse our people search tools. PeopleFinders.com has an information database to help you find a person based on age, past residences, relatives, aliases, and more. Stephanie Mcnamer was born in 1974 and is 40 years old. Known relatives include Barbara J Collentinesmit, Dorothy Elizabeth Mcnamer, Douglas Noah Mcnamer, R Mcnamer, Barbara Jean Namer.
It is possible that you will uncover more than one Stephanie Mcnamer Stephanie Mcnamer.
Use the user friendly search filter above to help find the correct Stephanie Mcnamer Stephanie Mcnamer and others with our easy to use tools.. Our advanced search option narrows you down to apartments in NYC for rent matching your most desired needs. Search through Manhattan rentals by any criteria to select the place that most suits your needs. No one makes shopping for NYC rental apartments so effortfree. Full time involved, six listing professionals guarantee your uninterrupted access to all apartments for rent in Manhattan. As you are trying to rent in NYC, we are the complete apartment finder. All New York apartment rentals on the market today are displayed on our website. With both a quick and advanced search, looking for New York City apartments for rent becomes trouble free.Mail.
MPs are to receive taxpayer-funded iPads in an attempt to modernise Parliament.One of the things most people in industry notice is that any cost saving or paper saving equipment usually costs a lot and generates more paperwork. There's also the problem that iPads are not exactly suitable office style equipment, the big advantage of a laptop is the keyboard, the onscreen keyboard the iPad uses is nowhere near as fast or as useful, so as a research tool it's less than satisfactory. Battery life is limited, doesn't support flash (no kidding) and can’t make phone calls, can’t take pictures, and the most affordable model only has WiFi.
Politicians will be able to put the tablet computers on expenses if they give up one of their old pieces of computer kit in return.
Around 350 MPs who sit in the House of Commons on select committees will be offered the devices without having to trade.
Buying an iPad for every single MP in the Commons could cost as much as £430,000 – not including monthly subscription charges to access the internet on the move.
But the House of Commons commission, led by Speaker John Bercow, insisted the move would cut costs and save paper.
There’s also no multitasking in the iPad because it uses some variant of the iPhone OS. This means you can’t listen to Spotify and browse the web at the same time. No working in Pages while making a VoIP call. And the list goes on…
And because of the closed nature of all things Apple, there’s no simple way to transfer files to and from the iPad. Why is this relevant? Well, it means all the media files will have to be synced through iTunes, which always involves conversions to the mad Apple formats. There’s no way to just drag and drop them over WiFi or using a USB Mass Storage Device.
Not to mention all the documents produced with iWork (which even deserved to be ported to the iPad). Where will those go? And while we’re in this department, how can a device coined as a “great productivity tool” lack the support for non-Apple office software (Microsoft and Openoffice).
The main problem though is that the most affordable model is very, very expensive compared to say a netbook and the money for it is coming out of our pockets, not the House of Commons or the MP's.
Essentially it's a massive waste of money to give MP's a "cool" iPad on the taxpayers expense, it wont improve productivity and it wont save paper as MP's wont be able to use it for the purposes it's supposedly to be used for.
They'd be much better off using their memory and a pad and paper, or if they really need facts quick, then a laptop.
1 annotations:
"They'd be much better off using their memory and a pad and paper, or if they really need facts quick, then a laptop" ...
They don't even need those, all MP's have advisers, researchers, interns etc crawling out their arseholes .. they all have mobile phones, which are no doubt being paid for by us .. they should be using those for back-channel info & comms ..
The country is in shit-order, small businesses are going to the wall, law & order is getting out of hand, immigration has already got out of hand & these cretins are poncing around with iPads ..
This is nothing more nor less than self-indulgent people, indulging themselves yet again, at our expence, because they can ..
Its been said before but will stand repetition ..
The lunatics really have taken over the asylum ..October 2008 2
Performance Updates
Longer File Names
Just a quick update for today. The file name character limit of 100 characters has been raised by popular demand. MediaFire now supports file names up to 255 characters. Fortunately the new My Files page will also better accommodate those longer file names. As always, please let us know if thereTheo Epstein is busy trying to turn the Chicago Cubs into contenders in the National League East. But that doesn’t mean Epstein isn’t still keeping tabs on the Boston Red Sox.
Epstein, who left his post as Boston’s general manager to become Chicago’s president of baseball operations after the 2011 season, said on WEEI’s Hot Stove Show on Thursday that he paid close attention to the Red Sox’ 2013 World Series run and continues to monitor his former organization from a distance.
“First of all, it was a lot of fun to watch it. I’m in contact with a lot of guys from the baseball ops department [in Boston] and cheering them on,” Epstein said. “It was a magical run. It was probably fun even for non-Red Sox fans to watch that team build momentum through the season, go on the run they went on in the postseason. The chemistry they had was incredible. But it was probably particularly fun for me, being this familiar with a lot of players’ backgrounds, a lot of guys have come up through the system, it was just a magical run and really fun to watch.
“[I’m] just really happy for [Red Sox GM Ben Cherington] and [assistant GMs Mike Hazen and Brian O’Halloran] and the guys in the office. Fans don’t think about this, but the year before that, with the difficult way the 2012 season went, people start thinking about their job security, how they turned around, things like that. To have their fortunes turn around in 12 months like that for a group that’s so good at what they do and so deserving, I saw them firsthand work diligently and make tremendous life sacrifices for the Red Sox over the course of a decade. It was really gratifying to watch that come to pass. [I’m] happy for the players, too, and Red Sox Nation, but the people on my mind first and foremost were the baseball ops staff I worked with for such a long time.”
Epstein guided the Red Sox to two World Series titles, yet many have criticized the former GM for seemingly leaving the organization in a state of disarray. The Red Sox, of course, went 69-93 the season after their epic collapse of September 2011, and Boston’s fortunes began to change only after Cherington and Co. unloaded a whole bunch of money on the Dodgers by trading Adrian Gonzalez, Carl Crawford, Josh Beckett and Nick Punto to Los Angeles.
Epstein, whose Cubs have gone 127-197 in his first two seasons in charge, remembers the good times in Boston, though. He said Thursday that the Red Sox are well-positioned for the future, and that while many will criticize him for the club’s 2011 collapse, his hope is that his final draft class with Boston in 2011 — which included Jackie Bradley Jr., Blake Swihart, Matt Barnes and Henry Owens, among others — will change opinions down the road.
“I follow [the Red Sox prospects] really closely, probably with equal parts admiration, pride and jealousy. I am really proud of what we built,” Epstein said Thursday. “As far as GMs go, I think I was pretty hands-on as far as building our scouting department, went out and saw the players. It was just a great decade. I’m proud of those players, and that last draft, those players went on to have great careers that would maybe wipe some of the memory of September 2011 away for everybody and for myself, as if that hasn’t happened enough already with a lot of those same players helping to win a championship in ’13. It was a great decade in the draft there, and that was a great last draft. Those players are performing really well, and we see them up at the top of prospect rankings. I definitely root for them. I covet them here with the Cubs at times. But I wish them well.”
Epstein’s Cubs have a lot of work to do before they jump into the World Series picture alongside the Red Sox. Epstein’s plan is to implement a similar model in Chicago, though, as Boston clearly is set up for success both now and in the future..I have gathered wild seeds each fall for about the past three years, for sowing in my garden. I will admit I have done some of this collecting in county and state parks, where it is presumably not permitted. Today, in conversation with a state park naturalist, I admitted it, and I'm not certain just how dastardly a crime she considered it. I have been trying to think of some reason to feel guilty about my collecting of common native seeds, but, aside from breaking the "no collecting" rule, I cannot feel much remorse. The plants from which I am collecting produce probably millions of seeds per acre. The seeds in the wild will probably meet one of three fates: Many will be eaten, and after passing through the digestive system, some will remain (or become) viable. Many of the remainder will lie dormant, waiting for the unlikely event that enough free soil and available light will come along, due to some disturbance of the existing plants, to permit it to grow. An extremely small percentage will actually fall into conditions making germination and survival possible. On the other hand, the seeds that have been sown in my back and front yard, in rich, prepared soil, are much more likely to germinate and grow. Some will be lost to the birds, there is nothing wrong with that, but I have far fewer rodents than a wild meadow would, so many more seeds are likely to remain uneaten. As a matter of fact, I have had great success with most of the seeds I have spread. I have begun marking the various native flora in my yard. Also, I find that by being able to watch individual plants grow and develop, I am much better able to identify several species at all stages of growth. My collecting of wild seed is not a very popular pastime, and I'm certain I'm not effecting the biodiversity of the park by filling a small Zip-Lock bag with seeds of wingstem, joe-pye weed, dogbane, and the like. But let's say that this catches on, and in a few years, you have hundreds of people collecting seeds, and sowing the wild, native plants in their front and back yards, where there previously grew only grass and ubiquitous garden plants. Would that be a bad thing, or a good thing? I will certainly not defend digging up uncommon native plants from parks, and do not buy plants from Mellinger's specifically because they sell ladies slippers with no more advise, warnings, or limits than they would give to marigolds. But in moving wild native seed from where it is to where it once was but is no longer, I feel I am more of a saint than a sinner. Wha'ya'think? Steve..Comment: Re:Complete access to the internal memory? (Score 1) 238
No, it doesn't. You get access to
So the obvious answer is that, if you want security, don't root your phone. It should be kinda obvious that if you can do what you want with the phone via USB, so can any application running on your PC.
You don't have to have USB debugging (a.k.a. ADB) enabled at all. Simply leaving it disables mitigates that concern.
Mounting the phone as a USB mass storage device also doesn't allow you to access the application data unless they store it on the shared SD card storage.Now that this discussion has taken place, I am going to assert that I thought the whole thing successful. I left with many new ideas from colleagues across the country, and to me, that's the sign of a great program or conversation--I leave with concrete takeaways. The group discussion offered a number of terrific ideas and resources:
- Looking for a play-based program model with great STEM potential? Look to the MAP program--for Messy Active Play--at the Suffolk County Libraries on Long Island.
- Want to partner with organizations or get grand funding for STEM activities? Suggestions shared include making contact with your state's agricultural school extension and seeking grant funding for gardening through Katie's Krops.
- Curious about some go-to resources for planning or storytime sharing? Attendees shared a number of titles and publishers:
- The Loopy Coop Hens: Letting Go
- titles by Steven Jenkins
- titles from Pebble Books
- titles from Peachtree Publishers
- Spotlight on Young Children guides from NAEYC
- What about options for passive STEM programming? Participants shared two stellar ideas that I hadn't thought to mention, although my library does them:
- STEM Observation Stations -- get an ant farm, worm farm, root farm, butterfly garden, terrarium, plant of some kind, carnation in colored water, etc., and let kids observe it and how it changes whenever they're in the library
- Take-Home Story Time Kits on STEM themes -- make it easy for caregivers to pick up a pre-bundled set of materials on a STEM topic; details on how my library does these kits here
Many discussion group attendees also raved about the previous day's program, "What's Hot in STEAM Education: How Using ECRR2 Supports Literacy, Common Core and School Success." I was bummed to have to miss the program due to a meeting conflict, but I was happy to hear all program materials will be shared on the ECRR Ning. Hooray for sharing resources!
I'll finish off this recap post with my slides, which go with the handout I had for the discussion group meeting. If you have any questions at all, about this particular discussion or STEM/STEAM in general, don't hesitate to ask. Thanks to everyone who shared their ideas and expertise with the group in Chicago.Men are being encouraged to get fit with their footballing heroes in order to raise money and awareness for male cancer research.
Keep Your Eye On The Ball 5k is a running event with a football twist, which will take place on June 3 in Victoria Park, East London. cancer.hi, how can i change the size of container ,i get the same result you have in your page ()
change the size of container
Started by massinegro204 , Jan 23 2010 08:47 AM
3 replies to this topic
#1
Posted 23 January 2010 - 08:47 AM
#2
Posted 24 January 2010 - 05:38 PM
Can you clarify your question? (screenshots and live links help) I don't know what container you're talking about.
#3
Posted 25 January 2010 - 02:30 PM
Yes please ...this size issue is crtical ....
#4
Posted 26 January 2010 - 09:39 PM
any word on this?Police in the United Kingdom are beginning a major crackdown on drivers. From now on, drivers’ phones will be confiscated after any crash, no matter what caused the collision reports the Independent.
The new guidelines, which were decided upon by the Association of Chief Police Officers, are a drastic shift from its old ones. Previously, phones were only taken when someone was seriously injured or killed during a crash. The new rules orders officers to take the phones no matter how minor the incident.
More than 500 people were either killed or seriously injured last year in the UK because of drivers who were distracted by their phones.
The new rules weren’t unanimously praised. “I am 100 per cent against anyone texting while driving and those caught deserve everything they get. But I’m worried police could overdo it, just because someone is involved in a minor shunt, surely it shouldn’t mean they should lose their phone,” said a spokesperson with the Alliance of British Drivers."The Monarch"
Short Fiction - Suspense
by Heather Leet
She put her glasses on adjusted her suit and walked into the office building. To a casual observer she looked like every other young woman who was entering the busy office building on this Tuesday morning. In her dark suit and glasses she looked like your typical young executive who was climbing the ladder to the top hoping not to hit the glass ceiling. But if you were more then a casual observer, perhaps someone who also knew how to conceal your real identity, you might observe that the color of her hair was just a tad off, or that the glasses she wore were simple glass, or that the suit she wore covered the body of a skilled warrior. But these things were only apparent to another who worked in her same field and had employed similar tactics to conceal his identity. He got up from where he was sitting and adjusted his own suit and walked toward the building. Riding up in the elevator with his weapon concealed beneath the newspaper he held he regretted that it had been so easy to find out her every day identity. He had hoped that it would be harder to find her and still harder to kill her but it looked like this was going to be the easiest job he had ever had. He was very disappointed. He got off the elevator and headed toward the end of the hall where he knew her office was located. He smiled to himself as he looked around the luxurious office building. He could not believe that someone so skilled and adept would hide her secret identity behind the image of a frumpy accountant. What another disappointment. He expected something sexy not an accountant. He slowed as he got closer to her door. There was a sliver of a window running down the side of the door. He peered in and saw her sitting at her desk tapping away at the key board of her computer. This was too easy he thought as he twisted the knob of the office door and burst into the room. He barely felt the slight jolt as the bullet pierced his chest and blood bloomed on the front of his white shirt. She stood over him as he slide to the ground. “ Did you really think it would be that easy” she asked. “ I am really disappointed.” She said. “I was really looking forward to a challenge, and I am a little angry that I am now going to have to find a new identity to conceal my secret one, I really liked being an Accountant!” She went to her desk picked up her bag and walked back toward him. He felt hot and weak at the same time and he knew he would soon be dead. She kneeled down beside him and placed a monarch butterfly on his chest. Then she stepped over him and as she walked down the hallway he could hear the clicking of her heels on the hard wood floor, it was the last sound he would ever hear. When the police arrived to find his prone body the lead detective muttered, “I wonder what this guy did to piss off the Monarch?”
Recent Posts
Monday, August 20
The Monarch
Tainted by Kelly (Lynn) Parra
categories: Crime/Suspense, Heather Leet ·
1 reactions:
Great one , Heather!came from Hazen High School in Renton to attend the 12th annual Hutch High science symposium.
Photo by Guy Kramer
More than 230 Washington state high schoolers, some from as far away as Okanogan County, arrived on campus early Nov. 4 to attend the 12th annual Hutch High science symposium.
The attendees traveled to the Hutchinson Center from 27 schools to attend a program that offers hands-on laboratory experiences along with valuable information about pursuing a career in science.
Center volunteers guided the students through a range of activities including DNA spooling and micropipetting. Students also used a germ-revealing black light to test their skills at hand washing and heard lectures about bacteria-caused cancers, sickle cell disease and the human immune system.
Hutch High is funded by a grant from the Michael Miyauchi Foundation.
Adidas Snow Dwr Flannel
Reg: $85.00
Size: Small, Medium, Large, X-Large, XX-Large
25% OffOn Sale: $63.95
Analog Adapter Flannel
Size: Medium, Large, X-LargeReg: $90.00
28% OffOn Sale: $64.95
Bonfire Hoody Flannel
Reg: $99.95
Size: Small, Medium, Large, X-Large
35% OffOn Sale: $64.95
Burton Cole Flannel
Reg: $119.95
Size: Large
25% OffOn Sale: $89.95
Burton Flynn Insulated Shirt
Reg: $89.95
Size: Medium, Large
24% OffOn Sale: $67.95
Burton Glade L/S Shirt
Reg: $70.95
Size: Small, Medium, Large, X-Large
24% OffOn Sale: $53.95
Burton Griffin Hooded Shirt
Reg: $84.95
Size: Small, Medium, Large, X-Large, XX-Large
25% OffOn Sale: $63.95
Burton Haven Sherpa Flannel
Reg: $109.95
Size: Small, Medium
40% OffOn Sale: $65.95
Burton Mill L/S Shirt
Reg: $69.95
Size: Small, Medium, Large, X-Large, XX-Large
24% OffOn Sale: $52.95
Burton Ruckus Flannel
Reg: $74.95
Size: Medium, X-Large, XX-Large
24% OffOn Sale: $56.95
Burton Xander Shacket
Reg: $119.95
Size: Medium, Large, X-Large
25% OffOn Sale: $89.95
Columbia Beadhead L/S Shirt
Size: Medium, Large, X-Large
Our Price: $65.00
Mountain Hardwear Canyon L/S Shirt
Reg: $65.00
Size: Medium, Large, X-Large
20% OffOn Sale: $51.95
Mountain Hardwear Kotter Stripe Shirt
Reg: $65.00
Size: Small, Medium, Large, X-Large, XX-Large
20% OffOn Sale: $51.95
Nike Dimension Flannel
Reg: $120.00
Size: Medium, Large, X-Large
18% OffOn Sale: $97.95
20% OffOn Sale: $77.95
Volcom Everett Oxford L/S Shirt
Size: Medium, Large, X-Large
Our Price: $53.00
Volcom Paxton Shirt
Size: Medium, Large, X-Large
Our Price: $55.00Blake Shelton
Easton Corbin & Jana Kramer
– Provided by Bandsintown
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your ReverbNation experience.
Blake Shelton
Easton Corbin & Jana Kramer
Friday, July 26th, 2013 at 7:00pm
© 2015 eMinor Incorporated
All trademarks are the property of the respective owners. ReverbNation is not affiliated with the trademark owners.
Not listening to anything?
Try one of the ReverbNation ChannelsShare: Comments Print July 4, 2013 at 10:02 PM Mariners let a sweep slip away Posted by Larry Stone The sellout crowd of 46,476 in Texas enjoyed a fireworks show after the Rangers 5-4 win The Mariners hadn’t had a series sweep this year, and they still don’t. This was the fifth time they won the first two games of a series but dropped the third. And this 5-4 loss to the Rangers really hurt, even though the culprit — failure to hit in the clutch — was hauntingly familiar. The Mariners had 14 hits but stranded 13 runners. They were 1-for-12 with runners in scoring position. Blah blah blah — I know you’ve heard it all before, complete with frustrated Eric Wedge quote: “You get 14 hits and only score four runs and leave 12 on, that’s the difference in the game right there. I felt we put up some pretty good Abs obviously and had some hard outs. Kendrys was up there a couple times and lined out twice with runners in scoring position. That was big against us, but we’ve got to do a better job with runners in scoring position.” I know a lot of you were wondering about Wedge not pinch-hitting for Henry Blanco in the seventh with the bases loaded. Blanco actually hit the ball fairly solidly to center for a fly out, but wound up stranding eight runners in the game. Here’s what Wedge said when asked about possibly hitting for Blanco: “No, because he’s still out there with Iwakuma. You don’t want to change your catcher with your starting pitcher in the seventh inning. They’ve been together the whole time. You’ve got to keep those two together.” I think Wedge should have sent up a pinch-hitter. Blanco is simply no offensive threat at this point of his career. He appears to have an extremely slow bat and was having a tough night. This was a chance to really blow the game open. Iwakuma faltered anyway in the bottom of the seventh, giving up a homer to Beltre for the second time in the game and two more baserunners before being replaced. The inning careened out of control after that, including a weird play in which Mitch Moreland knocked the ball loose from Nick Franklin as he was trying to tag him and complete what would have been an inning-ending double play. Instead, Moreland wound up on third and scored what turned out to be the winning run on a single by Ian Kinsler. “He just ran hard straight into it, and unlucky enough it came out of my glove,’’ Franklin said. “I tried to reach out for him. The right thing (for Moreland) to do, I guess, was to try to run through me and run through the glove, and that’s exactly what happened. It’s just something you have to take back and hope for the best next time.” All in all a tough night for the Mariners, right down to pinch-hitter Michael Saunders looking at strike three with a runner on first to end the game. But a word must be said about Raul Ibanez, who is on a truly remarkable run. He gave the Mariners a brief lead with a two-run homer in the seventh (his 21st), then added an RBI single in the eighth to pull the Mariners back within one. He had four hits in the game and shows no signs of slowing down. But as long as the Mariners don’t hit better in the clutch, Ibanez’s heroics are just a warm-hearted sidelight to a disappointing season. CommentsOral Roberts, one of the Southland Conference’s newer members, solidified its basketball standing among the league’s top teams with victories over the University of Central Arkansas on Tuesday at Tulsa.
In women’s play, the Golden Eagles (14-11, 11-4) extended their conference lead by two games in the win column with a 76-69 victory over the UCA women, despite one of the Sugar Bears’ best efforts of the season from the field. Lamar and Sam Houston State are close behind ORU at 9-4.
The loss mathematically eliminated hopes for the Sugar Bears (14-12, 7-8) of repeating as regular-season conference champions. They are now a half-game ahead of Stephen F. Austin (11-14, 6-8) for sixth place.
The ORU men, who are 17-10, 12-3 and a game out of first, handed the Bears (9-16, 4-11) their fifth straight defeat, 94-65.
UCA is a half-game ahead of Texas A&M-Corpus Christi for eighth place. However, TAMCC is ineligible for postseason play. Eight teams make the SLC tourney field. Lamar, the last-place team, is 1-13.
Sugar Bears
The UCA women hit a season-high, nine 3-pointers and were 18 of 22 at the foul line, but the Golden Eagles converted 18 turnovers into 24 points for their fifth straight home victory..
“We wanted to win, and we fought extremely hard, but we made some mistakes you can’t make if you’re going to win a championship,” said UCA coach Sandra Rushing. “There are some little things we can take better care of, but we played extremely hard and it was so great to see them working as a unit.”. Jaci Bigham had 12 and a game-high eight assists, with both players adding four steals. Christian Key added seven points for the Golden Eagles.
The Sugar Bears will be off until next Thursday, Feb. 28, when they have a two-game road swing to Lamar and McNeese State.
Bears
The Eagles hit three 3-pointers in a span of three minutes in the first half to take a 15-point lead and assume control of the game for good against the Bears.
“You look at their lineup, they have some players,” said UCA coach Corliss Williamson. “They have the big guys inside, their wing players played well. They really killed us on the boards in the first half, and we just never recovered from that.”
The loss was UCA’s fifth consecutive and sixth in their past seven games. ORU won its third straight game, with the rematch with UCA coming on March 9 in Conway in the regular-season finale.
ORU scored 54 points in the paint and had six players in double figures.
“The points in the paint really killed us,” said Williamson. “They just attacked the basket and finished when they got in there. And we get inside like that, we’re not finishing. We’re rushing our shots, we’re not concentrating. It’s like we’re scared to get a shot blocked or don’t want to draw the contact. We have to figure out something there.”
For the Bears, junior guard LaQuentin Miles had 14 points, 12 in the second half. Senior guard Jarvis Garner and junior forward Jordan Harks added 12 points each for UCA.
UCA hosts SIU-Edwardsville in non-conference action at 4:30 p.m. Saturday as part of the BracketBusters event.
(UCA Sports Information contributed to this report)Phil Howard, of The Square, at Nespresso Boutique by Qin Xie • 06/08/2012 • Musings, Photoblog • 10 Comments I can’t admit to knowing everything there is to know about coffee but I can put my hand up and say that I’m a bit of a coffee snob. I drink what I’d...Read more →We created Pandora to put the Music Genome Project directly in your hands
It’s a new kind of radio –
stations that play only music you like
Ahora Es Cuando Corazón
Features of This Tracksultry vocals
major key tonality
simple harmonic progressions
acoustic instrumentation
traditional afro-latin influences
acoustic guitar
horn playing
prominent percussion
These are just a few of the hundreds of attributes cataloged for this track by the Music Genome Project.show more![endif]-->
Separate names with a comma.
Discussion in 'Tennessee Titans and NFL Talk' started by 615nick, Jan 28, 2014.
Id say that too if I was busted whacking it in my car
yea they found 2 jars of lube LOL
CJ!
Easy. He rubs it all over himself to make it easier for changing his clothes. clothes slide right off.
isnt there already enough cj hater threads?
fitzpatrick. dude throws balls at times he knows he shouldnt. he is broken. green needs to go, mariani, wiffen. stevens, britt.
I agree with you, but Fitz did alright, he is a backup and knows he is but he played pretty darn well for a second stringer. Cut him some slack I don't think he should be cut. Greene* just needs more chances, (I know we aren't supposed to mention CJ on here, but if we cut him we NEED Greene to stay) the others for sure, but maybe a wait and see for the guys who just got here last year (Fitz and Greene)?
they did.they signed wilson.
as of right now cj being cut is all media speculation. we wont know how him and wisenhunt jive for a few more weeks. cj made his no pay cut comments before a new coach was hired. or not long after. i would have probably said somethinmg similar. maybe worded different. ive been around several coaches in my life. o coordinators as well. a very arrogant bunch. and a good offensive minded coordinator would no way think that cj was used better under lowgains than he could use him himself. hell im not in the nfl and i think i could do better than lowgains did with him. cj is a player and probably spoke more out of frustration. its a 100% gurantee he will not make 8 mil guranteed anywhere. maybe get 8 based on performance goals. i would rather cut wiffen than cj.
im a tyler wilson fan. sort of. i see him suprising some people in camp and on here. my issue with fitz is he throws passes he knows he cant complete. and as smart as he is he keeps doing it over and over and expects a different result. thats insanity. he is broken. great guy good team mate. sorry it didnt work out see ya. we can replace green in the draft with cj"s future replacement. we need to get him to restructure . he has two years left possibly. maybe murray is there in a later round we can snatch up.
I wouldn't even mind letting Pollard go if we can get TJ Ward in here. Apparently the players in CLE love Horton so I think we would have a good chance at him. Ward is slowly becoming one of my favorite players.Posts tagged "al shabaab".
Who You Calling a Terrorist?...With GM Phil Emery entering his second year and fully exercising his control over the franchise, this is an exciting time for Bears fans. As beloved as Lovie Smith was, the new coaching staff, led by head coach Marc Trestman, promises offensive rejuvenation. Meanwhile, new defensive coordinator Mel Tucker thankfully won't be doing much tweaking of a good thing with his version of the Tampa 2 defense.
That said, personnel changes are being made. Brian Urlacher is no longer with the club. Devin Hester will be used only as a return man. Martellus Bennett has replaced the worst hands in the NFL, which coincidentally happened to be attached to Kellen Davis' arms. These changes demonstrate a new perspective and the cutthroat tactics that are needed to succeed as an NFL franchise.
The next step in team-building for the Bears will come near the end of April at the NFL Draft. The signings of Bennett, Jermon Bushrod and D.J. Williams have addressed some of the most pressing concerns the Bears faced this offseason, though employing varying degrees of logic. (This Bushrod nonsense is a joke, right?) This makes for a hazier but more exciting draft lead-up for Bears fans.
For now, here's a look at 10 prospects Chicago has to consider in the first round of the 2013 NFL Draft.Soaps Boards
::
Days of Our Lives Forum
::
Sami choosing... (SPOILER)
Please register and
login to be able to post in this message board.
EJail intrigues me and I think he could teach miss 'goody two shoes' some hot stuff:-) Abby is different from Taylor and she'd easily egnite like a rocket when E.J lits the match....... Either that or Chad rapidly maturing. He's too young now to fulfill her innermost needs!!!!! Cameron could pair up with a nurse at the hospital! However.........nothing ever comes close to Ejami! They're crazy in love and I hope they'll lock lips forever!
Please register and
login to be able to
post in this message board.
« Go back to topic listSpace Quest Lounge, Las Vegas Hotel and Casino
·
Wednesday, January 11, 2012 from 4:00 PM to 7:00 PM
Be the first one to share!
Locate activities and event media casts around you.
Capture and share what happened during your event!
download the app
Home plan an event manage my day settings
browse by category browser extension APIA Queens woman allegedly pretended to be a doctor and performed a butt-lift operation on a patient, who became seriously ill after the operation, cops said.
The 40-year-old victim paid suspect Liliana Coello $2,500 for a rounder derriere and underwent a procedure at Coello’s 157th Street home on Nov. 3, sources aid.
Several days later, the woman’s backside became infected, and she ended up in the hospital, sources said.
Coello was slapped with charges of assault, reckless endangerment and unauthorized practice of a profession, sources said. Cops said they confiscated her tools and charged her with criminal possession of a weapon.Terminally Ill
NJ Legislators Consider Measure That Would Allow Terminally Ill To Take Their Own Lives With Physician Help
A new poll suggests New Jersey residents support the idea of allowing the terminally ill to take their own lives, with the help of a physician.
New Jersey Legislators Renew Debate Over Assisted Suicide
A New Jersey legislative committee has approved a measure that would allow terminally ill people to die at their own hand, with the help of a lethal prescription.
New Jersey Panel Advances End-Of-Life Bill
A bill allowing for terminally ill people to take life-ending medication passed the Assembly Health and Senior Service Committee on Thursday.
Pennsylvania Boy, 2, Dies After Serving As Parents’ Best Man
The mother of a terminally ill 2-year-old Pennsylvania boy who served as his parents’ best man at their wedding says he has died.
NJ Assembly Committee Clears ‘Death With Dignity Act’
A New Jersey Assembly committee cleared a measure that would give voters the ability to decide if assisted suicide should be legalized for terminally ill people who want to take that action.
Non-Profit Helping The Terminally Ill Find Wedded Bliss Comes To Philly
Wish Upon a Wedding helps couples facing a terminal illness or serious life-altering event plan and enjoy the wedding or vow renewal they have always wanted.Restaurant week is HERE!!!! Get excited and make a reservation or plan to eat at a bar and wait hours! One chef last night mentioned they are swamped for lunch and dinner! Table 52 has reservations only available on the 21st and only a few 2’s and 4’s. The mania is insane.
Some fun events coming up for Mardi Gras and St Patrick’s Day stuff is coming but let’s get to March first. So if you’re catholic don’t give up being a sloppy drunk in public, yet!
Have a fun and safe weekend and if you go out for Restaurant Week – good luck and have fun trying something NEW!
On Friday, March 2, more than 600 Chicagoans will gather for an evening of both visual and culinary art at One Inspired Evening, at the Chicago Journeymen Plumbers Union Hall, 1340 W. Washington. Proceeds from the gala benefit Inspiration Corporation, which assists individuals and families affected by homelessness and poverty, providing employment services, housing, meals and case management. The Chicago nonprofit organization inspires change and enriches the community by providing people who are affected by homelessness and poverty with essential social services that create choices and enable its participants to lead happier and more fulfilling lives. For more information or to purchase tickets visit the website at or call 773.878.0981 x222.
Texas de Brazil celebrates Brazil’s biggest holiday with a festive Carnival party and Caipirinha mixology competition featuring Chicago’s top mixologists on Tuesday, February 21 from 6 to 8 p.m. The evening, sponsored by Leblon Cachaca, spotlights Chicago’s most distinguished mixologists including Josh Pearson (Sepia), Pete Gugni (The Bedford), and Benjamin Newby (The Underground). These bar masters will create their spin on Brazil’s national drink, the Caipirinha cocktail, with proceeds from the event benefitting the winner’s charity of choice. In addition to tasty cocktails, guests will enjoy Texas de Brazil’s premier grilled meats and other Brazilian fare amidst a truly “Carnival” atmosphere featuring festive décor throughout the restaurant’s second floor space. Tickets – $30/guest – can be purchased here and include a Caipirinha sampling by each mixologist and plentiful hors d’oeuvres. For more information or phone reservations for the event, call Texas de Brazil at 312.670.1006.
Brownstone, a Four Corners tavern in Chicago’s very own North center neighborhood, is hosting an authentic all-you-can-eat Mardi Gras Crawfish Boil in honor of Fat Tuesday. Indulge on the best food the Bayou has to offer like a local but without the cost of airfare to NOLA. Authentic all-you can eat crawfish boil, Crawfish flown in from Louisiana, Traditional sides dishes include cornbread, gumbo, red beans and rice and Miller/Coors drafts and Hurricanes. Brownstone Tavern, 3937 N Lincoln Ave.Tuesday, Feb. 21, 7 – 10 p.m.
The Gage (24 S. Michigan Ave.) invites Chicagoans and whiskey-lovers alike to encounter the country's only Blind Tiger, an illicit evening of entertainment designed by Spirits Director Clint Rogers in partnership with Templeton Rye Head Brand Ambassador Michael Kilmer. From 7 p.m. to midnight on Monday, February 20, revelers who pay an admittance fee of five cents will be ushered to the restaurant's underground private dining room, where they will witness the rare spectacle and captivating entertainment.
RSVPs are encouraged and must be made through the Blind Tiger Facebook page, but admittance is on a first-come, first-served basis. Space is limited. Should the event reach capacity, the special Blind Tiger elixir will also be available to those on the wait list in small batches ($5 per cocktail) upstairs at The Gage bar. For more information, call (312) 372-4243.
Lillie’s Q, where chef/owner Charlie McKenna serves award-winning competition BBQ along with Southern favorites and sides in Bucktown (1856 W North Ave), is now teaching three different BBQ classes.
For the “Backyard BBQ Class” and the “Competition BBQ Class” Chef McKenna will provide all the meat, rubs, marinades, sauces, injections, etc for the classes at the participants’ homes.
The three different BBQ classes are:
- Backyard BBQ Class
Chef Charlie McKenna will come to your home and teach you the proper BBQ techniques to cook everything from ribs to chicken to brisket on any type of home equipment ranging from a Weber to a Big Green Egg to a gas grill. Charlie will also answer and address any and all BBQ questions you have.
Cost: $750 for two to five hours for up to six guests.
- Competition BBQ Class
Chef Charlie McKenna will run down every single BBQ cooking category from either the MBN (Memphis BBQ Network) or KCBS (Kansas City BBQ Society) and will go over the proper prep, equipment, timing, tricks of the trade, how to build blind boxes, and how to resent to judges. Charlie will also cook a specific protein with you to the MBN or KCBS specifications. Charlie will also answer and address any and all BBQ questions you have.
Cost: $1,000 for an all-day session.
- Travel & Compete with the Lillie’s Q Team
Come be a part of the Lillie’s Q team when we travel on the competition BBQ circuit. Immerse yourself in the competition BBQ circuit and its unique culture while helping the Lillie’s Q team prep and present and (usually) win.
Cost: $3,000 for the weekend. Airfare and lodging not included.
Interested participants should email info@lilliesq.com to book a class or for more details. A link to the BBQ classes can be found at
On Tuesday, February 21, SUSHISAMBA rio will host a special Carnaval festivity to mark Rio de Janeiro’s most extravagant celebration. In addition to the delectable menu specials, revelers will enjoy live performances by shimmering samba dancers dressed in elaborate garb, the beats of booming batucada drummers and the spin sounds of a dj! What’s more, SUSHISAMBA rio will broadcast a live feed of the celebration in Rio de Janeiro, bringing the energy and excitement of the world’s largest party straight to the Windy City.
SUSHISAMBA rio offers inventive fare that unites bold Brazilian flavors, precise Japanese technique and traditional Peruvian culinary traditions on one plate. Reservations can be made by calling the restaurant at 312.595.2300. All major credit cards are accepted. Please visit for more information.
Butcher Classes Anyone?
Chef Allen Sternweiler encourages Chicagoans to embrace their inner chef and fulfill their New Year's resolution to "learn something new" by announcing Butcher & the Burger's first butchery classes of 2012. Butcher & the Burger'searly 2012 class schedule, with each event beginning at 7:30 p.m., is as follows: Throughout the month of February, Butcher & the Burger will offer a series of Surf & Turf classes, which include: On February 6, as a pre-Valentine's Day "how to" guide, Chef Al will showcase techniques for buying, preparing and cooking the ultimate beef tenderloin and lobster pairing dinner. ($125 per person
- Celebrity Chef Govind Armstrong will join Chef Al for the final installment of the restaurant's Surf & Turf series on February 20, presenting an innovative approach to pairing unique seafoods with rare animal proteins. The duo will educate and demonstrate methods of matching proteins and serve attendees a three-course meal illustrating their teachings. All guests who attend this class will depart with a vintage Butcher & the Burger cooler, packed with ingredients showcased throughout the evening so they can test their newfound skills at home. ($225 per person)
- As a continuation of the spirited holiday, Chef Al will lead a Mardi Gras Fish Monger Class on March 5, designed to help students learn how to select, prepare and cook various preparations of fish confidently in their kitchens, understand sustainable fishing practices, and identify which fish is the best nutritional fit for their families. Chef Al will teach the group how to make his blackened catfish and invite them to taste several fish preparations at the end of the evening. ($100 per student)
- Advanced registration is required and can be made by calling General Manager Preston Owen directly at (773) 697-3735. Space is limited. All classes are BYOB, and confirmed attendees will receive pairing suggestions in advance. For more information or to view the complete schedule online, visit. Details on future classes are forthcoming, and all new class offerings will be posted to the restaurant's website at least two months in advance. Private (two-person maximum) and semi-private (six-person maximum) classes are also available upon request, based on availability.
Markethouse Heartland Cooking Series
Chef Scott Walton of Markethouse Restaurant and Bar (611 N Fairbanks) will launch a new Heartland 101 Chef Series in the new year. Offered twice a month on Wednesday evenings from 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., guests will enjoy an informative evening with demonstrations of five themed courses by Chef Scott. Held in the restaurant, each class is $45 per person and limited to 40 guests. Reservations, along with a credit card to reserve the seat, are required and may be made by calling 312.224.2200. Following is the Heartland 101 Chef Series schedule:
- Wednesday, February 22: Has been changed to Sustainable Seafood.
- Wednesday, March 14: St. Patrick’s Day. Get in the Irish spirit with Chef Scott’s unique variation on corned beef and potatoes. Green cocktails included.
- Wednesday, March 28: Spring Lamb. Impress your Easter brunch guests with Chef Walton’s take on lamb. Master cooking techniques and Easter sides using local ingredient
Guanajuato Contemporary Mexican and Tequila Bar (73 Green Bay Rd., Glencoe, IL 60022; 847-242-0501) in Glencoe is set to celebrate yet another national holiday - National Margarita Day, Wednesday, February 22. The north shore Mexican restaurant is perfectly positioned to pay homage to this great libation. Chef/owner Margarita Challenger is known for making a perfect namesake margarita..
Architecture and Food Combine
Next month, Roka Akor, in partnership with the Chicago Architecture Foundation, invites steak, sushi and architecture enthusiasts alike to an exclusive lunch experience celebrating the venue's masterfully designed construction. On Sunday, February 26 at 1 p.m., guests will be welcomed into Roka Akor's contemporary dining room, which was designed with careful consideration of the aesthetic flavors of the restaurant. Once diners are seated, Dwayne MacEwen, president and creative director of DMAC Architecture and Roka Akor's Executive Chef Ce Bian, will lead an engaging discussion about the collaborative effort that went into creating Roka Akor's dining room as well as the Sake and Shochu Lounge. After their presentation, the hosts will join the group for a prix fixe lunch menu. Lunch will be served with soda, tea and a signature non-alcoholic beverage.
Immediately following lunch, guests will be taken on a tour of the restaurant, during which MacEwen will point out the custom crafted details that define Roka Akor's unique setting. The "Appetite for Design" lunch costs $55 for CAF members and $65 for non-members, exclusive of tax and gratuity. Space is limited to 50 attendees and advance reservations are required by visiting.
Mercadito’s Lucky Leap: At River North hotspot, Mercadito (108 W. Kinzie St) one out of every 10 guests on Wednesday, February 29th will dine for free as Mercadito's lucky leap. With Mercadito's menu of shared seasonal guacamoles, specialty tacos, delicious tequila cocktails and more, the lucky leap guest will be awarded their special surprise of a pass on the bill upon the presentation of the check (up to $50 per lucky leap, includes food and beverage). To increase chances, guests can tweet @mercaditochi #luckyleap. Reservations can be made at 312.329.9555..
Filed under: Uncategorized
Tags: chicago food blogs, Chicago Food Snob, chifoodsnob, Joe Campagna, restaurant week chicagompcd(8) Maintenance Commands mpcd(8)
mpcd - ATM MPOA (Multi-Protocol Over ATM) client daemon
mpcd [ -s Control ATM address ] [ -l Data ATM address ] [ -c MPS con- trol ATM address ] [ -i Interface number ] [ -m MPS MAC address ] [ -L LEC address [ -n ELAN name ] [ -C LECS Address ]]
MPOA client internetwork layer shortcuts. Using these shortcuts MPCs forward unicast internetwork layer packets effectively over ATM without need for routing protocols. MPC for- warded using LANE or MPOA shortcuts. If the daemon is killed with SIGHUP it will close all the open connec- tions, purge ingress and egress cache entries, query LECS if applicable and then restart itself. Linux MPOA client only supports non-LLC-muxed shortcuts. The number of supported MPOA clients is unlimited.
-s Control ATM address Local ATM address this MPC uses for MPOA control connections. -l Data ATM address Local ATM address from and to which MPOA shortcuts are estab- lished.  con- figuration con- nects zep- pelin’s -c option.
This script snippet shows how to run LANE and MPOA. After UNI sig- nalling
Supports only Ethernet type of ELANs. Probably others too.
Heikki Vatiainen <hessu@cs.tut.fi>, Sampo Saaristo <s156953@cs.tut.fi>
zeppelin(8), atmsigd(8) Linux Nov 17, 1998 mpcd(8)(Fotolia)
Related Stories
DEAR more complicated: Your family members don't want to have anything to do with him and would like to punish you for having a more forgiving and nuanced reaction to your father because this calls their judgment into question.
Your mother and siblings are on one side of this equation. Your husband, however, is the person who should hold your hand through this. He should not threaten to disown you but should be willing to support you through your decision-making process. Your father is a convicted sex offender. Please understand that your husband has reason to be worried, confused and protective.
At the end of the day, other people cannot tell you what relationships to have. If you are determined to pursue this, devastated that she has no regard for anyone else's feelings. She says they are just friends, but she no longer wants to get engaged.
She also says that if he told her that he would leave his wife, she would marry him in a heartbeat.
She is asking for my advice. The advice I gave her is to stay away flag.JOIN OUR CSA for the 2015 Season
Connect to your food, community and the land by joining our CSA. Get involved in growing your fresh produce. Come visit the farm or give a call and talk to the farmer, CONTACT ILENE for more information.
Organic Heirloom Tomato Plant SaleTomato seedlings and more!Saturday May 2, 10am-5pm with tours 1pm and 5pmalso open 10-5 Friday May 1
CONTACT ILENE for more information
Visit Ilene's Mother Earth News blog at House in the Woods Farm Facebook
Farm Tours
You are invited to House in the Woods Farm for a tour
of our farm, including the organic vegetable garden that feeds CSA shares,
sources to The Common Market and supplies our family year-round. It’s a
snacking tour, with treats from the garden as we go. Bring a little basket for
your little farmers. Meet our farm animals—the cows, goats, ducks and chickens,
farm dog and cats. Learn more about how to grow and preserve your own food.
Dates: Email Ilene@houseinthewoods.com to request a tour date or RSVP for a tour.
House in the Woods Farm lane is at 2225 Park Mills Rd, Adamstown, MD. By appointment only, please.
Friday April 10, 2pm
Saturday, April 11, 11am
Please RSVP. $5/person.
Free for CSA members.
Ron White is available for handyman/helper
services inside and outside your home at very competitive rates.
The Freedman family of House in the Woods Farm were selected as Homesteaders of the Year 2013 by Mother Earth News. See the article.
House in the Woods Farm | Promote Your Page TooReport an Issue
Please select one of the below issues
If you would like to write a review for this shop, pleaseclick here
If you would like to write a review for this shop, pleaseclick here
Shops Photo
Local Map
Volvo of Daytona Beach Services
Radiator Repair, Auto Dealers
Vehicles Serviced by Volvo of Daytona Beach Services
Volvo, Volvo
About Volvo of Daytona Beach
Volvo of Daytona Beach located at 601 Mason Avenue in Daytona Beach, FL services vehicles for Radiator Repair, Auto Dealers. Call (386) 252-7676 to book an appointment or to hear more about the services of Volvo of Daytona Beach.
Business Information
Business Name: Volvo of Daytona Beach
Address: 601 Mason Avenue
Phone Number: (386) 252-7676
Related Shops
© 2015 MechanicAdvisor.com | Terms of Service | Privacy PolicyFree.
- Baseball
- Sports & Recreation
- Jeremy Guthrie
- Kansas City Royals
- Colorado RockiesThe Time Traveler
this wiki
The Time Traveler, also known as Denton Morris, Moses, Sir William Reynolds, and other names, is a scientist who is the inventor of The Time Machine. He's also a temporal explorer, using his time machine to explore different times and realities.
HistoryEdit
Early LifeEdit
As a young man, The Time Traveler, who at the time called himself "Moses", was a disorganized scientist, whose interests had him following optics. He was approached by a man named Gottfried Plattner, who offered him a mysterious substance called Plattnerite. With this material, he was able to start looking into the construction of a working Time Machine. ("The Time Ships")
According to another account, the substance was found in a meteorite, which the Time Traveler purchased from a farmer. ("The Wee Time Traveler")
- This discrepancy is likely due to temporal alterations or two separate time streams. This is especially likely since the one described in The Time Ships is a time loop, with no known origin of the material.
He was one of the most well-known scientists in England, as of 1893. He owned a Horseless Carriage, and had set a speed record of just over 17 miles per hour. His apprentice was A. Fitzgibbon, of whom he had legal guardianship after the death of her parents. ("The Space Machine")
He had also invented a number of other machines, powered by the same crystaline substance. He had a failed Flying Machine, which would fly by flapping its wings like a bird, as well as a mechanical bicycle, which was a success but which he'd chosen not to release to the public. ("The Space Machine")
Invention of the Time MachineEdit
The Time Traveler was able to assemble a complex machine using the plattnerite. Upon its completion, he arranged a get-together with some of his friends to discuss the invention the following evening. However, before that time, he tested the machine, taking it all the way forward into the year 802,701 AD. ("The Time Machine")
Morlocks & EloiEdit
Some Eloi with the Time Traveler, in one of their domes.
In that year, he explored the future world that at first seemed paradisaical to him. He soon encountered the playful Eloi, a humanoid species descended from modern-day man. He imagined them to be quiet masters of the world, having perfected technology so that they needn't do any work. However, he soon discovered that his Time Machine had gone missing, and the Eloi seemed ignorant. After further exploration, he soon encountered the Morlocks, subterranean nocturnal creatures, also descended from humans, who fed, dressed, and later ate the Eloi. The Time Traveler befriended Weena, an eloi girl who accompanied him on many of his explorations across the world. Unfortunately, in the end, he was unable to protect her from the Morlocks, who made off with her in the forest. Finally, the Time Traveler discovered his machine, which the Morlocks were using as bait to get him into the Morlock Sphinx. The Time Traveler took the bait, knowing he could dematerialize the machine by traveling in time. Although the Morlocks ambushed him as he boarded the machine, he was able to fight them off and travel into the future. ("The Time Machine")
Far FutureEdit
The Time Traveler stands on the beach in the far future.
He proceeded further into the future, seeing new animal forms, such as hairy, grey mammals which he theorized might have been descendants of the Eloi. These creatures were preyed on by a gigantic centipede-like creature. ("The Grey Man")
In another era, he saw a race of red crab-like creatures pursuing giant mammalian butterflies. Finally, he witnessed one side of the Earth come to face the sun, with no more day and night cycle. As the Earth's atmosphere thinned, The Time Traveler could go no further and decided to return to his own time, where he recounted his adventures to his friends at the dinner party. Shortly thereafter, he decided to return to the future to find and rescue Weena; he was never seen again by his friends. ("The Time Machine")
Morlocks of the SphereEdit
When the Time Traveler boarded the Time Machine again, this time more prepared, having brought along matches and supplies and tools, he discovered that something had changed. As he traveled through time, he saw the sun go dark long before the world of the Eloi and the Morlocks. Stopping at an earlier era, he investigated the year 657,209. There, the sun was dark and the Earth was kept warm by heat eminating from a series of vents that resembled the Morlock Wells he'd seen in his previous voyage to futurity. He was soon surrounded by several Morlocks, and bashed one of them in the head, causing severe injury. He was then subdued and taken into custody aboard a massive Morlock Sphere surrounding the sun, which was the new primary habitat for Humanity. There, he was questioned by one Morlock who identified himself as Nebogipfel. Nebogipfel soon made it clear that the Morlocks of this era were a civilized species who certainly didn't make a habit of cannibalism. Nebogipfel gave the Time Traveler a tour of the future world, after which The Time Traveler decided he could never live in this future and attempted escape. With Nebogipfel, he returned to Earth, where he jumped onto the Time Machine and escaped. Nebogipfel, who tried to stop him, fell onto the machine in the struggle and was taken, too. He thus reluctantly became the Time Traveler's new companion. ("The Time Ships")
Return to the PastEdit
The two returned to the 19th century, though slightly earlier than the Time Traveler's time. There, they met a younger version of the Time Traveler, who used the name Moses. Soon after their meeting, a Time Tank appeared from the future and abducted the three time travelers. They were all taken to a future in which World War I had never ended and was becoming a perpetual war, devastating every country in the world. London was covered by a massive, bomb-proof dome. However, the three time travelers planned their escape from this dark era. Finally, they found a prototype Time Car and stole it. Moses didn't survive, however, having been mortally wounded in an attack on the city. He didn't make it to the time car. The two travelers then went much farther into the past. ("The Time Ships")
Prehistoric TimesEdit
They then went back in time to far before the rise of Humans. There, they met the inhabitants of a crashed Time Tank from the era they'd just come from. The vehicle was unusable, and everyone was trapped in this era. They all formed a new colony of Humans, with Nebogipfel teaching science to accelerate the colony's development. Finally, he was able to repair the Time Car, using components from both wrecked time machines. He and the Time Traveler finally left that era, after the Time Traveler made one last contribution - by having sex with one of the women in the colony, he added to the tiny gene pool. Then, they traveled forward in time to see what had become of the human colony they'd planted far in the past. ("The Time Ships")
A Changed HomeEdit
The Time Traveler decided to return to his home era, the 1890s, to see what it would look like in this alternate reality created by the colony they'd planted in the past. However, as they approached, the atmosphere became cold and unlivable. The Time Traveler died, as did Nebogipfel, before the Time Machine stopped. There, a race of highly advanced machines called the Universal Constructors had repaired the damage to the Time Traveler and Nebogipfel, cell by cell. They accommodated the two, who soon learned that the Universal Constructors are made of nanobots, all cooperating with one another. They planned to build a fleet of time ships to explore beyond the local set of realities. They invited the Time Traveler aboard the fleet due to his historical significance. To survive the journey, both men had to be converted into Universal Constructors. Then, the ships traveled back through time, beyond the beginning of the univers, to find another universe- an infinite one. In that universe, they were able to form a sentience that filled that entire universe. The Time Traveler and Nebogipfel were witness to this, before the sentient universe returned him to his own timeline. ("The Time Ships")
Return and Weena's RescueEdit
There, he met himself in the past, and, calling himself Gottfried Plattner, gave his younger self the Plattnerite, thus causing a time loop in his history. He then decided not to return to his own age and instead went forward to 802,701 to complete his original mission. There, he rescued Weena and went about teaching the Eloi to build a new civilization. He finally got up the courage to descend into the Morlock tunnels to try and help them, as well. No account exists of his return. ("The Time Ships")
An alternate account of these events has him stopping first in the 33rd Century to upgrade his time machine into a Time Ship that can fly through the air. Using this machine, he appeared at the exact right moment after the blaze, hovering over the scene, and recovering Weena at precisely the right moment, before taking her back to live in the 33rd century. ("Beyond the Time Machine")
In another alternate account of Weena's rescue, the Time Traveler arrives after stopping in the 40th Century for supplies. He arrives slightly early, and his arrival attracts Weena's attention, who was sleeping alongside the Time Traveler but sensed the other Time Traveler's presence telepathically. After exploring the landscape further, Weena allowed the Star in the Dusk, a library computer, to download itself into her brain. After this was done, the two settled down in the 40th Century, hoping to create a new timeline in which humanity never degrades into Eloi and Morlock. ("The Time Machine: A Sequel")
LonnEdit
- The events of this continuity follow his rescue of Weena as seen in Beyond the Time Machine, and do not appear to match up with the accounts of other sources, such as The Time Machine: A Sequel, in which he settles with Weena in the 40th century rather than the 33rd. Therefore, it is likely a separate timeline from The Time Traveler's perspective.
The Time Traveler, now going by the name of Denton Morris, had five children with Weena: two sons, and three daughters, Narra Morris, Tala Morris, and Belinda Morris. They began raising the children in 33rd century Lonn, where the half-Eloi children suffered from discrimination. This lead to Tala's suicide and Narra extensively partook in Geneing and in 20th century drugs, leading to serious health issues. The two sons also went missing. ("Beyond the Time Machine")
Alternate VersionsEdit
In alternate continuities and timelines, The Time Traveler has many separate histories. For detailed biographies of these see:
- George (1960 film)
- Neil Perry (1978 film)
- Alexander Hartdegen (2002 film)
- James Radnor (Morlocks film)
- Moses (The Time Ships)
- George Einwin (The Time Machine: Trapped in Time)
True NameEdit
The Time Traveler's real name was never given in the original novel, and so various adaptations have given him many different names.
In ContinuityEdit
Sources that try to maintain continuity with the original novel have given him the following names:
- Moses (last name unknown, The Time Ships)
- Denton Morris (Beyond the Time Machine, Tangles in Time)
- Sir William Reynolds (The Space Machine)
- Adam Dane (The Rook)
Other ContinuitiesEdit
Alternate versions of the time traveler include:
- George (last name unknown, 1960s film)
- H.G. Wells (Lois & Clark, Time After Time, etc)
- Alexander Hartdegen (2002 film)
- Tom Spender (Time Kid)
In "Time Kid", the character of the Time Traveler is split into two characters: the father, who invents the Time Machine, and the son, Tom Spender, who uses it to visit the future.
GalleryEdit
In the NovelsEdit
In other mediaEdit
The Time Machine
The Time MachineIllinois' 6th Congressional District elections, 2014
Incumbent Peter Roskam (R), who was first elected in 2006, defeated challenger Michael Mason (D) in the general election.[4] He won re-election with 60 percent of the vote in 2012. He ran unopposed for the nomination in the Republican primary on March 18, 2014. Mason ran unopposed in the Democratic primary.
Roskam had over $1 million cash-on-hand while Cook Political Report analyzed the seat as "Safe Republican." was Peter Roskam (R), who was first elected in 2006.
Illinois' 6th Congressional District includes parts of DuPage, Kane, McHenry and Lake counties.[7]
Candidates
General election candidates
Peter Roskam - Incumbent
Michael Mason
March 18, 2014, primary results
Election results
The 6th Congressional District of Illinois held an election for the U.S. House of Representatives on November 4, 2014. Incumbent Peter Roskam (R) defeated challenger Michael Mason .[9] Roskam joined the other 224 Republicans in favor of the lawsuit. All Democrats voted against the resolution.[10]] Peter Rosk. Peter Roskam voted for HR 2775.[16]
Issues
Bid for majority whip
In June 2014, Roskam launched a bid for majority whip. He was up against Steve Scalise (R-LA) and Marlin Stutzman (R-IN), who also announced bids for the position.[17][18] The whip post became open when Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) was successful in his bid to succeed Eric Cantor as majority leader.[19].[28]
2010
On November 2, 2010, Peter Roskam won re-election to the United States House. He defeated Benjamin S. Lowe (D) in the general election. Politico, "Senate Election Results," accessed November 12, October 14, 2014
- ↑ Federal Election Commission, "October Quarterly," accessed October 20, 2014
- ↑ Politico, "2012 Election Map, Illinois"
- ↑ U.S. Congress House Clerk, "Statistics of the Congressional Election of November 2, 2010," accessed March 28, 2013The of what went wrong the week before? Do you think God ever experiences happiness in spite of all the horrible events going on here on this wicked earth? Did the Israelites have any reason to rejoice because of evidence that the Lord cared deeply for them? Should we seek to worship God only in circumstances that bring us joy and happiness? If we don’t care for the sermons or like the music style, should we look for another church? What if there isn’t “another” church? Led as it was by the mighty presence of God Himself, were the services conducted at the portable temple in the wilderness or the glorious one hundreds of years later, all that God wanted them to be for His people?
2. Instant reaction. Your lesson guide touches on the demonstrations of God’s power and character as described in Leviticus. How does the Bible (Leviticus 8) describe the way the Israelites were overwhelmed after the sacrifices were offered and a blessing shared with the people as led by Aaron? What impact did the instant consuming of the burnt offering have on the people? Do you think they understood something they didn’t know clearly before? If so, what? Have you ever been overwhelmed by a worship experience? Should we sense the presence of the Lord in our worship services? Is it acceptable to receive God’s presence as we do in a much milder manner than the Israelites did when they reacted to dramatic demonstrations God’s presence?
3. Consumption. Two consuming fires were sent by the Lord of heaven and earth. One consumed the offering. What did the other fire from God consume? Does God destroy everyone who blasphemes His name or disobeys His specific commands? Why then did He make such a public spectacle of Aaron’s own sons? Do you think the sin of Nadab and Abihu corresponds in any way with the sin of Cain outside the Garden of Eden? If so, what would the similarities be? Didn’t Nadab and Abihu pay enough attention to what God asked them to do? Are we ever too eager to substitute our way, our interpretation, our ideas of what matters most instead of accepting what God has revealed to us in His Holy Word?
4. Moses’ death. How did many of the patriarchs die in their old age? Can you imagine a grandparent or other relative of yours calmly issuing a long and penetrating idealogue and then falling asleep in death? Have you ever considered making plans for your final conversation with family and friends before your death? Do you think we should work harder at making death a peaceful and cheerful experience? Can God give us peace as we face the “grim reaper?” How? When should we start building a positive friendship and trust relationship with Jesus so that we’ll have a better end-of-life experience? How can that be done?
5. Surrender. Does the idea that we must surrender ourselves totally to God and His will bother you at all? As long as we follow the good traditions of our family and friends, isn’t that enough of a worship experience? Are we able to give a habit or a hobby to the Lord with the dedication of Hannah when she gave her son to the temple to be trained as a worker for God? How was it possible for such a young child as Samuel to surrender himself at a tender and vulnerable time of his young life to Jesus? Most mothers shudder thinking about the sacrifice of Hannah in giving her son to the Lord’s work. What gave her the courage to do what she felt she must do for her son?
6. Obedience. How much do you love to obey God? What is the most thrilling act of obedience you commit on a regular basis? Is it possible to be guilty of rebellion against God simply by spending too much time and energy on one aspect or other of being a Seventh-day Adventist? Have you ever had a pet dog? Did you motivate your dog to obedience through punishment or through loving rewards? Both methods work, at least to some degree, with our pets, but what about God’s people? As much as we like doing things “our” way, is obedience to God’s will good for us? How?
7. Good and evil. Does it seem a simple thing to you to distinguish good from evil and do what is good? What are some ways we can help our fellow church members experience deeper joy and peace than they can on their own? Do we ever err in pointing out “evil” when we lack the facts or the perspective to know if the situation is evil as we believe it to be? What about going along with careless or irreverent chatter concerning God’s appointed servants in our church? Or His holy law? What are some of the temptations Satan seems to be working hard to trip you into sin? What is the only cure for sin? What is the greatest reward for victory over sin?
This is an excellent idea. keep up the good work to glorify the name of the Lord always. God bless.
Thank you so much for those thought provoking questions. I teach Sabbath School on occasion, and your ideas were so helpful. I thank you all so much for your teaching plans. It helps us with life application, and taking the lesson to another level. Blessings to you all
Asked at the nth hour to teach SS this morning. Found your questions and plan to use in teaching the lesson. thanks for the great helps. I really like this. Keep 'em coming.
I would love to comment on obdience, without loving the one who give law or command, there will never be obdience.In oder to obey God we have to love Him fully.As we know that obdience is a key,when we obey God give us his blessings.I am proud and find joy inmy heart to say I LOVE GOD.
I think up these questions to benefit the teacher and the student, which we all are, if we think about it. Thank you! JG
The questions are helpfull and lead one to go through the lesson with good understanding. After reading the lesson, I want to think of Obdience as a master key to love and that it draws closer our relationship to God.
When I asked where one could find a copy of Rosalie's manuscript my comment was not published. Why, I ask, would such a request be consigned to where I don't know?
[Moderator's note: please use first and last names when commenting on this site. Thanks!]
According to Mark; 2;26 when the disciples were hungry, Jesus fed them by breaking some of the corn branches on the Sabbath day, which the law did not allow, but but Jesus answered and said unto them; How he went into the house of God in the days of Abiathar the high priest, and did eat the showbread, which is not lawful to eat but for the priests, and gave also to them which were with him?
So with this answer which Jesus gave, does it mean we are in a big trouble we can do something wrong?Raising Seed CapitalSteve Schlafman Feb 07, 2014
Several years ago I started teaching a class on raising seed capital at General Assembly and Skillshare. I initially created the class because friends and founders were coming to me for fundraising advice and I was answering generally the same questions over and over. A few months ago, I realized the initial slideshare that I used for dozens of classes was good as long as there was a voiceover but not great as a standalone guide. I decided to speak with a...Continue Reading
Noom, Helping Us Keep Our New Year's ResolutionsJames D. Robinson Feb 04, 2014...Continue Reading
RRE is hiring a Head of CommunityJan 06, 2014...Continue Reading
The
TheTo embed, copy and paste the code into your website or blog:
In a blatant effort to take advantage of a change in the membership of the National Mediation Board (NMB), unions have petitioned the NMB to alter its longstanding procedures on how representation elections are conducted.
Since the NMB was created in the 1930s, it has held that a union will be certified to represent a classification of employees only if 50 percent plus 1 of the entire employee group affirmatively votes in favor of union representation. In light of this "majority rule" requirement, the NMB's standard ballot does not include an option for an employee to vote against representation. Instead, employees "vote" no by simply not returning aDevonté Hynes has reached a rarefied level of cool. His coolness is such that it’s hard to imagine being him, instead you imagine just being friends with him. It’s more plausible that way. Or, if you’re a musician, you dream of working with him. With every move he’s made over the past few years, Hynes has become the producer of right now by mining the sounds of the ’80s, not for any retro appeal or nostalgic impulses, but for classic songwriting that seems tougher and tougher to find these days.
His solo work as Blood Orange aside, it’s his collaborations—immediately recognizable both for their singular sound and an instant-classic aura—with a wide-ranging cast of artists from Solange Knowles to Sky Ferreira that have caught our ears. They’re also what makes his participation in the Getting Out Of The Garage competition so exciting. Hynes will be producing a three-song EP from a band or artist that wins an open-call competition. The results could sound like anything, so we got him on the phone to talk to us about what the process could be like.
What made you want to get involved with this “Getting Out of the Garage” Project?
I always want to work with people and I’m always interested in seeing what can happen when two different worlds meet with the same intention of creating music. So it just seemed like a cool thing to do. I have a pretty limited tight-knit group of people that I work with usually, so I just want to see who else is out there that I can work with because I want to get in touch with people.
That makes sense. What makes you so versatile that you can just go outside of your normal group and work with a completely different artist?
Well, I hope I can [Laughs]. I’m going to have to wait and see if it does work out, but I think I can do it. It’s more that I’m just extremely curious as to what’s going to happen. I kind of do everything I do as kind of an experiment so I’m just waiting to see what goes down.
That’s really cool. What are you going to be looking for in a new artist? What’s going to stand out in this competition for you?
Well I’m big on songwriting. That’s kind of my thing, like, melody, chords. Something that sticks out to me is something that doesn’t seem like it’s particularly following a trend so much, you know?
Definitely. When you say you’re big on songwriting—when you’re producing, are you more hands-on in playing instruments and helping with the songwriting? Or are you going to be more hands-off and just kind of in an editorial role?
It really depends on what they want. I’m adaptable. I’ll be as hands-on as they want me to be and if they want me to back off and essentially create a net for them then I’ll definitely do that too. It really just depends on what they want from me; I just want to help out. So if that means not really working on the songwriting and focusing more on the production tip I’ll definitely fuck with that.
It’s weird actually because most people I work with, I know. I’m friends with them or if I’m not friends with them I try and make sure I’ve kicked it with them a few times before we start.
How much does social chemistry affect a collaboration for you? For this project I’m assuming you’ll never have met the band. Could that make it difficult?
Yeah. It’s weird actually because most people I work with, I know. I’m friends with them or if I’m not friends with them I try and make sure I’ve kicked it with them a few times before we start. I hope I get on with them. I’m sure they’ll be nice [Laughs]. Yeah, it’s really big with me. It’s a big part of how I do it.
Outside of this competition how do you find people to work with?
It’s really usually via friend or people that I listen to and reach out then try to hang out with them.
So you’re not taking email submissions or anything like that?
No. I mean, sometimes I’ll run into someone on the street and they’ll ask for my email and I give it to them [Laughs]. But usually that doesn’t tend to work out, mostly because I’m really bad at checking my email. That’s the main reason. Yeah, it never seems to really pan out that way.
Has that worked out for anybody yet?
[Pauses]
No [Laughs]. I’m really bad at checking things. It’s a problem, like it’s a real problem I have.
Well, you seem to be doing alright without email.
I think so. We’ll see.
Are there any up and coming acts out there that you’ve been especially impressed by lately?
I really like… My friend’s in a band called Cable, and I love those guys. Yeah, Cable are pretty good.
Do you have a dream collaboration that you haven’t made happen yet?
Not really. I mean, I love Eminem, but I feel like that won’t ever happen.
That would be crazy.
I’d probably die if it does.
Good luck with that, I’d love to hear it. I’ll see if I can help out, pull some strings [Laughs].
[Laughs]. Thank you.
How does producing for other artists and doing this kind of collaboration affect your solo output?
I don’t know, actually. I’m not sure if it does—I mean, I’m sure it does because everything affects everything. But I’m not aware of how it does. It’s probably a good thing because I’d probably be too conscious of it if I knew, but I guess it makes it so that I don’t feel tied down to anything at all. You know?
Yeah.
For anything that I make or that I work on I feel as if I can do what I want, which is a good feeling.
So you don’t have to consciously keep them separate? You kind of just do what you do naturally?
Yeah, it’s rare that I sit down and I’m like, “This is for myself.” It’s something that really never happens, actually. It’s more just I’ll work on things and sometimes things gravitate towards me. Usually towards the end of the process.
The last thing I wanted to ask you was about Guyana—my family’s from Suriname, and I’ve never been able to go back and visit everyone back there.
Oh, cool.
What made you want to share that experience and attach it to your music?
I’m not sure, really. I mean, the song was originally influenced by Guyana and the word ‘Chamakay’ is originally like a slang word in Guyanese. I mean it was all pretty sudden. I don’t know that people are aware, but it was all just like two weeks ago.
No, I had no idea it was that recent.
Yeah, the video was edited two days afterwards. It was pretty spur of the moment, and I just really felt like going out and getting in touch. Time is always of the essence so I felt like I should head over there.President Barack Obama, sitting next to House Speaker John Boehner, speaks to the media about Syria at the White House on Tuesday. (Carolyn Kaster, The Associated Press)
Re: “Obama right to go to Congress on Syria,” [1] [2]. Follow eLetters [3] on Twitter to receive updates about new letters to the editor when they’re posted.
47 Comments To "Obama’s request to Congress for authority to attack Syria (5 letters)"
#1 Comment By peterpi On September 3, 2013 @ 5:22 pm
Dave Mitchell misuses the phrase “collateral damage”. I believe some in the military, not all, use it to refer to accidental or incidental civilian casualties, including deaths, from an action aimed at military targets or personnel. Mr. Mitchell’s claim of rebels killing civilians to get the US mad at Assad would be called “murder”.
If president Obama launched attacks on Syria on his own authority, Mr. Acetta would then accuse Obama of abusing his power, being a war-monger, violating the Constitution. When Obama asks for Congressional approval, something the Constitution would seem to require, Mr. Accetta accuses him of being passive.
What does a poison gas attack in Syria have to do with president Bush, Mr. Turner? Isn’t it possible that Syria created Sarin on its own?
#2 Comment By peterpi On September 3, 2013 @ 5:42 pm
Syria is a mess.
On the one hand, I don’t know what the USA can do to end the carnage. As bad as Assad is, the rebels have no central organization, possibly have no greater standing with the average Syrian than Assad does, and from the beginning, some of the rebels have been just as bloodthirsty as Assad. Plus, the use of chemical weapons on such a scale does seem to call for a response.
On the other hand, the rebels would love the USA to do their fighting for them. They’re furious that Obama isn’t right now bombing Assad’s forces into oblivion, something they can’t do themselves. And, when president Clinton used expensive cruise missiles to blow up terrorist tents in Afghanistan and an aging pharmaceutical factory in the Sudan, candidate George Bush called it “pounding sand”. This sounds like “pounding sand”. What happens after the smoke clears from the bombs and cruise missiles?
Syria is a mess. I’m glad I’m not a congressperson.
#3 Comment By thor On September 3, 2013 @ 6:56 pm
To quote Peterpi, Steven Turner’s comment was “Spot on.”
#4 Comment By Tbone On September 3, 2013 @ 7:36 pm
No it wasn’t.
#5 Comment By Dano2 On September 3, 2013 @ 7:38 pm
Yada yada yada. Snippy comment. I am superior to everyone.
Best
Dano
#6 Comment By thor On September 3, 2013 @ 8:08 pm
In other words, you really do hate Bush and that’s why you need to insist that I hate Obama. Loser.
#7 Comment By peterpi On September 3, 2013 @ 8:15 pm
I said no such thing.
Turner gave no context to Obama’s alleged need to apologize to George Bush, jr.
#8 Comment By thor On September 3, 2013 @ 8:22 pm
You say “Spot on” all the time. And who cares about context, everyone knows how the left feels about Bush and how the press backed the left all the way.
#9 Comment By thor On September 3, 2013 @ 8:22 pm
Not really, but you would like us to think you are.
#10 Comment By thor On September 3, 2013 @ 8:23 pm
Sorry about calling you a loser. It was un-Christlke of me.
#11 Comment By Tbone On September 3, 2013 @ 8:43 pm
….always the victim.
#12 Comment By Tbone On September 3, 2013 @ 8:53 pm
Let’s see….I didn’t trust bush when they claimed Iraq had WMD’s, but we all should totally trust the former alcoholics and drug addicts that tell crazy right wingers what to believe via hate radio, because!!!111!!!!1111
Let’s see….even though we spent years and trillions of dollars we didn’t have (fiscal conservatives!) searching for WMD’s in Iraq (we know where they are, they’re in areas north, south, east, and west of Baghdad), and we still didn’t find them (even though Rumsfeld knew where they were), we should totally trust the (former) alcoholics and (allegedly former) drug addicts that tell the crazy teabaggers what to believe via hate radio. Because,
Let’s see….the fact that they never found WMD’s in Iraq is proof!!!!!!! Of something1!!!!111!! SO APOLOGIZE YOU WIMPY LIE-BERAL MEANIES!
#13 Comment By peterpi On September 3, 2013 @ 9:09 pm
Instead of picking dumb arguments with liberal commenters solely because they’re liberal,
Why don’t you comment on the merits of the letters, or on Obama’s request to Congress, or on what you think US air and/or missile attacks on Syria would or would not accomplish?
#14 Comment By thor On September 3, 2013 @ 9:50 pm
I know, but you can’t help it. Question: why would you admit it on this blog? Is it cathartic?
#15 Comment By thor On September 3, 2013 @ 9:54 pm
Okay. Obama is weak and the rest of the world knows it. He tried to court the Muslims early in his administration and it has back fired on him. He chose to over throw a strongman and it back fired on him. The dictator you know is better than the Radical Muslim that replaces him any day. I did comment on the merits of one letter because it was “Spot on.”
#16 Comment By primafacie On September 3, 2013 @ 10:04 pm
“The Syrian president engaged in evil atrocities with chemical weapons and that fact is beyond dispute.”
===
Not necessarily, Mr. Knight. If it was “beyond dispute,” there wouldn’t be this, ah, dispute over what to do.
Look, the Basher is a bad dude, on that we can agree. Wiping out his command-and-control operations, air force and air fields wouldn’t be the worst thing — just because he’s a bad dude. And he probably used the gas. But I only know what I read.
There are a lot of issues to consider, not the least of which is the Basher or Iran or its proxies holding a gun to Israel’s head if the bombs do fall.
And one would hope that Obama had a plan once he started drawing red lines.
#17 Comment By peterpi On September 3, 2013 @ 10:39 pm
Yep, I like that act: “If you bomb us, we’ll beat up on Israel.” Huh? I hope Assad and his Iranian allies don’t notice that sundown, 9/13 starts Yom Kippur.
That’s like Johhny beating up Joey, but Joey knows he can’t stand up to Johnny, so Joey beats up Jimmy.
#18 Comment By primafacie On September 3, 2013 @ 10:41 pm
I liken it to, “Buy this magazine, or the dog gets it.”
In this case, if you mess with us, Israel gets it.
#19 Comment By RaginGnome On September 4, 2013 @ 2:34 am
And every member of Congress, taking a page from the Presidents own hand book, should just vote “present”.
#20 Comment By ThePyro On September 4, 2013 @ 5:09 am
Your mention of Yom Kippur made me go look at the dates…if you figure in the time to push this through Congress, ready the military, rattle the swords for a few days/weeks and then authorize and mobilize the air strkes, it would be…oh, looky there – 40th Anniversary of the Yom Kippur War. If I were a conspiracy theorist, that would be just a little too odd for my taste.
#21 Comment By eddie47d On September 4, 2013 @ 6:45 am
No Bush and Obama should be apologizing to the American people for going into the Middle East and continuing with all these bad policies.
#22 Comment By tomfromthenews On September 4, 2013 @ 7:20 am
I don’t understand the need for Obama to apologize to Bush. At least Obama is not charging into a war without due diligence in ascertaining that the supposed crimes against humanity actually happened.
#23 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:08 am
It takes a while for that dumbed-down, low-information voter to start catching on. In this case it took years of thousands of American deaths and $trillions in treasury, to realize Iraq was not only a mistake we couldn’t seem to back out of, because after all. . “we were committed” and couldn’t embarrass ourselves after WMDs proved false, and Saddam involved with AQ and 9/11 proved false. Then there’s Afghanistan, the so-called “justifieable” war because the 9/11 bombers were organized here, from the Mujaheddin er rather, the Taliban, in what is now American’s “longest war.” And now Obama wants us to attack another country for it’s “unlawful” use of chemical weapons in a civil war?
No wonder 60-70% of the American people have said “enough!” We can’t be the world’s policeman. This is an international violation of use of these weapons, and an international reaction should replace the U.S. action. Just because we got the biggest firepower, doesn’t cause the biggest bully to step up. I agree with Dave Mitchell that the middle eastern countries need to take care of their own first. Let the NATO powers give assistance if necessary.
What is this attack going to accomplish? All the retired military experts came out and said the attack was just a show of force. No attacks on chemical weapons facilities or Assad himself. Just to “send a message”. . “please, don’t do this again, or we’ll launch more Tomahawks!” Does Assad and Syria have anything to “gain” by getting the U.S. to conduct a minor attack? Will it bring the Russians and Chinese to provide more weapons. Will it incite Israel to attack, and therefore bring Hezbollah and Iran into the skirmish? Seems this need for an expected attack has a lot attached to it, more so than a chance to embarrass Obama by the Republicans. When we have one of the biggest heroes of the Vietnam war, both militarily and as a peace advocate, to become a big enough warmonger, that even McCain get wood, somethings wrong here with the politics of war.
#24 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:19 am
Why are chemical weapons, i.e. WMDs, such an incendiary for moral and civil outrage? We understand for the “rules of playing war fairly,” chemical weapons are considered “unfair weapons of choice,” and only $million Tomahawk missiles from a multi-$billion inventory on a military budget that is almost greater than the world combined.
So if you use sarin gas to kill over a 1,000, but use starvation, genocide, and other means to kill millions like in Africa, then that’s a “fair” way to kill your own people? Does skin color matter when millions die in Africa, but thousands die in Syria it’s a world outrage because chemicals were unfairly used?
Obama was smart to go to Congress because if he didn’t, it would be another item on the hate list from the right. If he gets approval he has a rubber stamp, and Congress has to share the blame for what this escalates into. If he doesn’t get the vote and attacks anyway, his legacy is ruined. Hopefully he’s smarter than that. But so far from reading the clouds of war, he and others aren’t. It’s time to stop getting involved in civil wars, bringing westernized democracy to countries in the middle east, and tend to matters at home. A libertarian point of view I can identify with.
[4]
#25 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:20 am
Righties are still smarting under the reality check that Bush & Co blew it big time with the bad intel on WMD’s, Al Quaida and 9/11 connections. They’re desperate to link Obamer to a form axis of evil.
#26 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:26 am
another “dumb argument” solely because they’re liberal. You’re really disappointing me, thor.
#27 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:27 am
LOL Tbone nailed you, thor, big time! pull up your pants and try to find some rational points.
#28 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:28 am
thor, I’ve always though of you as “Christ-like!” Your image is restored. ;o)
#29 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:31 am
He doesn’t need to insist you hate Obama. You open your mouth and remove all doubt! Stop trying to compare Obama to Bush, or resurrect Bush’s sorry image. It’ll make you go crazy! er, never mind.
#30 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:43 am
Some interesting points here. The rebels know they can’t defeat Assad, and a martyrs to their cause, how many lives, innocent as well are they willing to sacrifice. Dave Mitchell makes an “interesting” suggestion of the rebels using captured sarin gas on it’s own people to outrage the world it was Assad. The attack following the sarin gas claimed it was napalm attack – no credible confirmation from the west. How far would the rebels go to get the U.S. and western world to help them with their cause?
The rebels have video taped themselves executing Assad troops and supporters (remember the video of the Syrian rebel killing and eating the heart of a gov’t soldier?). This is not exactly good vs evil. And the Assad gov’t is secular, where many of the rebels are extremist Muslims, and do you believe if they were successful they would set up a secular democratic gov’t? Did we learn from Egypt?
Syria, like many of these Arab spring countries, are a “mess.” It’s not easy moving from a dictatorship or authoritarian (U.S. supported) gov’t to something more representative gov’t without involving the more organized Muslim Brotherhood and other Islamic religion-based organizations that DO support the people. Be careful what you wish for?
#31 Comment By toohip On September 4, 2013 @ 8:47 am
I doubt if Syria created Sarin on it’s own, and it would be more than ironic if they got it from a country other than Russia or China.
But the familiar argument of it being “constitutional” to require congressional approval to “go to war,” all comes down to the definition of “war.” (See: war on drugs, war on poverty, war on terror, . . .
“”In debating social policy through the language of war, we often forget the moral reality of war.”
[5]
[5]
#32 Comment By S.F. On September 4, 2013 @ 9:19 am
Bush is not the one, that anyone should follow but Obama seems to do it. Terrible idea!!!
#33 Comment By Robtf777 On September 4, 2013 @ 10:58 am
“Any military action in Syria should be meaningful and not just a
feckless waste of several million dollars in missiles. Also,
accompanying that action should be a letter of apology, signed by
President Obama and Vice President Biden, to President George W. Bush.”
==================
Agreed.
Sending in a few “token” bombs/missiles to “send a message” that the use of chemical arms in wrong…….but killing. maiming, injuring and causing destruction by “conventional” arms is “okay”……is the height of what is wrong with mankind as whole, the Democrats as a party, and even Obama as a person.
Killing, maiming, injuring, and destroying should be WRONG……PERIOD….but apparently some people are so shallow and near-sighted that they don’t look at the “killing, maiming, and injuring of HUNDREDS of THOUSANDS of people ……but HOW the killing and maiming and injuring of a few thousand people is done.
According to the shallowness that is Obama…….HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of people didn’t really matter……because they were killed, maimed, injured “conventionally”…….but have Syria “cross” his stupid “red line” that he NEVER should have dared them to cross……and the only thing that matters is trying to wipe off the egg he has on his face……..and he seeks Congress to give him a way out of the mess he created for himself.
#34 Comment By holyreality On September 4, 2013 @ 11:25 am
David Knight,
There IS doubt that Assad ordered a nontactical attack on civilians with Sarin.
Why would he intentionally cross Obama’s red line with civilians the only target?
What tactical advantage would he gain by inducing Obama to take out his forces?
This makes no sense, but what does make any sense?
[6]
[7]
The sole difference between 2003 and 2013 is that those who question the wisdom of a Syrian attack are not condemned for their lack of patriotism. Otherwise, insanity and a rush to act appears to be the best posture.
#35 Comment By holyreality On September 4, 2013 @ 11:27 am
“War is a Racket.”
Gen Smedley Butler, the greatest American hero of the 1930s.
#36 Comment By holyreality On September 4, 2013 @ 11:32 am
I remember those incubator babies murdered by Saddam. Will we end up viewing the Syrian victims the same way?
#37 Comment By Tbone On September 4, 2013 @ 11:54 am
Bush’s true legacy – weaking America and making us more cautious to help when we could.
#38 Comment By peterpi On September 4, 2013 @ 12:41 pm
I was definitely thinking about the Yom Kippur War.
Obama in his Saturday public address said the US armed forces are ready to go. Co-ordinates ready to load into cruise missiles at nearly the last minute, bombs and missiles ready to “strap” onto the wings, or placed in the bellies, of various aircraft.
The House comes back on the 9th, takes a few days, and …
As Kol Nidre is being chanted in the Middle East time zones, Assad or the new Iranian president preemptively gives his own “go” signal.
#39 Comment By peterpi On September 4, 2013 @ 12:44 pm
So, Robtf, with all your expressed concerned over the “hundreds of thousands” (your phrase) killed the old-fashioned way in Syria with conventional weapons, and if you really believe that “killing, maiming, and destroying, should be wrong … period” …
Then, either you should be against ALL war, period, because modern warfare always involves considerable civilian losses, — “or” you are a hypocrite.
IF the US gets involved in Syria, as Sen. McCain and others want us to do (Sen. McCain doesn’t think Obama’s request goes far enough), we have very limited means of effecting change, short of fighting, through the use of US troops, the rebels’ cause for them.
So, yes, Obama is, in effect, saying, “Fight amongst yourselves, but, for Pete’s sake, don’t use chemical weapons.”
Please, Oh Wise One, tell us what Obama can do that would effectively change the outcome in Syria, and create a new governance there that is more peaceful and benign for both Syria’s citizens and its various neighbors. A lot of the rebel factions are just as mean and nasty as Assad, but less civilized and less restrained, and I’m being only partially ironic.
#40 Comment By peterpi On September 4, 2013 @ 1:35 pm
It’s possible that the rebels gassed their own people, I suppose,
But as to your question of why would Assad use chemical weapons? Sheer survival.
If Assad thinks he’s losing, he’ll throw anything into the battle that he can. Obama’s red line becomes a totally secondary concern. He either wins, or he gets the noose or a bullet to the head or a beheading. He’s going to win at all costs, or he’ll bring down the entire country with him.
Give me a break.
If someone loses leadership here, or in a lot of the world’s countries, they simply lose leadership. They continue existing, they retain all privileges and whatever their current social status is, and can figuratively “fight another day”.
If Assad loses, he’s toast, and Assad doesn’t want to be toast.
And, he learned from his daddy.
In the 1980s, a town in Syria (called Homs(?)) openly revolted against the previous Assad. One agency of the Syrian government announced tax increases at the same time another agency announced decreases in the price paid for farmers’ produce. The citizenry attacked the police force, chased the local soldiers out of town, and otherwise made known their displeasure with the government. Daddy Assad mobilized the Syrian army, sealed off the town, separated all male residents above the age of 16, and had them all shot, scattered the women and children to various communities, and leveled the town with artillery, explosives charges, and bulldozers. I think the total death toll was in the thousands.
#41 Comment By johnrpack On September 4, 2013 @ 2:54 pm
I’ve looked through all the comments so far — which seem to focus on petty politics.
But one of the original letter writers had a brilliant, no-lose idea: Focus our response on helping the refugees. Instead of bombing Muslims, help them. Instead of antagonizing one side or the other, help those who can’t help themselves. Help the innocent and, for once, let the US earn some respect from the Muslim population.
As for military response, leave that to the other Arab states — whose involvement has no religious implications.
I the meantime, every Senator who votes to put us in another quagmire deserves to be voted out of office.
#42 Comment By thor On September 4, 2013 @ 3:32 pm
Tbone nailed himself and you are still someone who posts odd comments. When have you ever posted anything rational. LOL to you, too.
#43 Comment By thor On September 4, 2013 @ 3:33 pm
I must disappoint you all the time because I give smart arguments about liberals all the time.
#44 Comment By Tbone On September 4, 2013 @ 3:34 pm
I’d agree, for the most part. I find it stupid that “sending a message” means bombing and killing people. How about sending a humanitarian message?
#45 Comment By thor On September 4, 2013 @ 3:35 pm
I had to humor toohip so that I could reply to someone rational. Yes, Bush and Obama have done no good in the Mid East. I would have preferred strike teams that would have taken out just Al Quida. After all, they were the ones who attacked us, not Iraq or Afghanistan.
#46 Comment By RaginGnome On September 4, 2013 @ 3:59 pm
13 hours and four down votes. Yet not one of you with balls enough to dispute what I said. Your King, Your President , voted present. Let every member of Congress do the same. We do not need to do anything in Syria. Look at what your Presidents policies have done in Libya. Egypt. The middle east has not been in this much turmoil since “the greatest President (ever) Carter”. We have a weak President and the whole world sees it.
Let’s talk of war…after sports center and before a round of golf.
This man and his policies are a walking disaster.
#47 Comment By holyreality On September 4, 2013 @ 5:15 pm
That reminds me of the bee that got in George Washington’s bonnet, the Whiskey Rebellion had Washington personally responding on horseback leading a militia to handle things (as in attack and kill those manning opposing positions). He is the sole POTUS to lead actual troops in battle.
Assad is not that desperate, the rebels have been pinned down and have no room to advance. The rebels of which the strongest most likely to take power later are the al-Qaeda affiliated militias, the Wahabbi extremists funded by Saudi Prince Bandar hardly deserve American air power.
I’d prefer Assad over another extremist sharia type state, Russia and China would not be so interested, Iran would not have a newly hostile state on her borders, and civilians everywhere will not be subjected to foreign ordnance delivered in the name of freedom.
Regime change failed when the CIA pulled a coup on Iran’s elected president Mossadegh, the debriefing originated the term blowback. Are we capable of learning anything after so many failures in the Middle East?While I was mulling over Easter/Spring cookie ideas, I remembered my pumpkin patch cookies and thought it would be fun to do a carrot version:) My next thought was to make them 3-D so that the carrots would appear to be growing out of the ground:)The End-all for Chocolate Cookies Recipe". I used Hershey's Special Dark Cocoa to make them dark, "soil" brown. The bottom cookie is solid, but the top two have holes cut from the middle, done immediately after they were taken from the oven, while the cookies were still soft. This way the holes remained even, with sharp edges.
chocolate royal icing, which is oh, so tasty! The "dirt" (leftover) brownie crumbs were adhered to the top of each cookie stack with the royal icing too.
Marshmallow fondant worked beautifully! Homemade marshmallow fondant is easy to make, and I used almond extract for the flavoring. YUM!
They are very chocolatey and oh, so good! Perfect with a glass of milk.
Carrot Patch Cookies
Ingredients:
Brownie crumbs or chocolate cookie crumbs
Directions:
1. Make dough according to recipe (read the tips too)
2. Chill dough.
3. Roll dough out about 3/8-inch thick on a lightly floured surface.
4. Immediately after taking from the oven, use a small round cutter to cut the center from 2/3 of the cookies, leaving the other third, solid.
5. Let cookies cool.
6. To stack-place the solid cookie on the bottom, apply some chocolate royal icing to the perimeter and center the second cookie (with a hole) on top. Do the same for the remaining top cookie.
7. Apply chocolate royal icing to the surface of the top cookie and sprinkle liberally with the ground up chocolate crumbs.
Fondant Carrots
Ingredients/supplies:
Orange food coloring (AmeriColor Orange)
Orange AmeriColor Gourmet Food Marker
Black AmeriColor Gourmet Food Marker
Sour Punch Bites (apple)
toothpick
Directions:
1. Add orange food coloring to the fondant and blend in well.
2. (For each carrot)- take a small amount of fondant and roll into a 1-1 1/2 inch ball.
3. Roll the ball between your hands to taper it into a carrot shape(make sure it is a size that will fit into the cookie holes).
4. Use the orange marker to apply horizontal lines to resemble an actual carrot.
5. Use the black marker to apply a face.
6. Cut an apple Sour Punch Bite in half (vertically) and then snip four slits into it with kitchen scissors(without cutting all the way to the bottom, so that it remains in one piece).
7. Make a hole in the top of the carrot, big enough to slide in the greens.
8. Push green stem gently, but firmly, into the top of the carrot.
9. If the greens are too tall, snip some off the top.
10. Place each carrot into the center of a cookie stack.
ENJOY!
Linked to:
Two Cup Tuesday
Tip Me Tuesday
Two Cup Tuesday
Tip Me Tuesday
What a clever idea. I love it. Pinning:)
Beth @ HungryHappenings
Oh my WORD! That means: "wow, I love these."
These cookie masterpieces are so cute, I can barely take it! Lots of steps, but all really easy. And that carrot, forget-about-it! Sooooo adorable!
o my...these look just like real things! You are a genius, Sue.
WOW! These are so cute looking :D
These look very realistic especially in the packaging - they would make wonderful Easter gifts! Love the cute little smiles on the carrots :)
These are so cute Sue!!
GAHHHHH!!! i'm not a big fan of the taste of carrots in real veggie life but oh my gosh you just changed my mind!!! i die of carrot cuteness overload
cutest thing ever!
I am dying, every time I visit your blog, cuteness overloads :P
Cheers
Choc Chip Uru
So super CUTE!! I love these. Pinning now!
Sue,
I love these! I've seen a lot of adorable garden/dirt cookies and treats, and yours is a favorite for sure! Gah! Love the carrots. Just so adorable!
Awe I love their little carrot faces.
I'm the Editorial Assistant for Fun Family Crafts and I wanted to let you know that we have featured your adorable carrot patch! idea!
What a creative Easter treat idea! These are just too cute for words. Happy Easter to you and all your little munchkins!}
These are so cute. What a fun, 3D cookie!Nielsen Brings a New Marketing Strategy to Broadway
By CAMPBELL ROBERTSON
Published: August 1, 2006
''Wicked'' is a show for 14-year-old girls. At least that's what everybody on Broadway was saying. So one of the show's producers, David Stone, decided to hire a relatively new research firm called Live Theatrical Events to find out if the assumption was true.
The firm springs from a surprising source: Nielsen. Yes, Nielsen, as in television's Nielsen ratings. Live Theatrical Events is the product of a partnership between Nielsen National Research Group, or NRG, a corporate cousin of Nielsen's television-rating unit, and Broadway.com, the ticketing and theater news Web site.
Using Hollywood-style data mining techniques and the Internet to contact hundreds of thousands of theatergoers, Live Theatrical Events is changing the way shows are marketing themselves, on and off Broadway. And its managing director, Joseph Craig, who has a long history in the film industry, is quietly becoming a sought-after player in New York theater.
''I will not do another show without him in my advertising budget,'' said Ken Davenport, a producer who has turned to Mr. Craig's research both for his own show, ''Altar Boyz,'' and for a large group of theater professionals that was formed this year to find out why Off Broadway sales are lagging..
''I don't think it's hugely interesting, and I don't think everything can be translated into marketing,'' said Emanuel Azenberg, the longtime Broadway producer. ''It's not selling Chevrolets.''
But for producers like Mr. Stone and Mr. Davenport,.''
Mr. Stone was pleasantly surprised. ''To show something that flies in the face of what has become conventional wisdom,'' he said, ''that's what you do this for.''
Mr. Craig, 39, said that since the group opened for business in January 2005, he has done market research for at least 60 different shows, on and off Broadway, around the country and overseas. The next phase, which will be announced this week, is a syndicated service of research data to which producers and others in the theater business can subscribe for around $750 a month.
The first product will be the ''Hot List,'' a biweekly survey of hundreds of theatergoers around the country, rating which actors they would like to see onstage -- from theater veterans like Kristin Chenoweth to movie stars like Julia Roberts to up-and-comers like Amy Spanger, who is currently in ''The Wedding Singer.''
Mr. Craig is also planning to introduce a tracking service, which would deliver similar online polls asking what shows people are aware of and what shows they are most interested in seeing. Nielsen has been running tracking polls for the movies since the 1980's. They have become such a fundamental part of the industry that when a poll turns out to have significantly underestimated a movie's box-office potential -- as was the case earlier this year with the Jennifer Aniston movie ''The Break-Up'' -- it creates a small scandal.
What separates the Nielsen group, theater professionals say, is the sophistication of its analysis and the number of people it can reach.
''What's really exciting there is the ability to move from 12 at a time to hundreds at a time,'' said Drew Hodges, the creative director of SpotCo, a Broadway advertising agency that often uses Mr. Craig's research. ''But what you need along with that is somebody who can really interpret that.'' Mr. Hodges added that there is some confidence that comes from being able to see members of a focus group from behind the one-way mirror.
The Nielsen research group began its involvement in live theater when Hollywood players like Disney began to bring their properties to the stage. The group had long done market research for movie studios and followed them east for occasional theater projects.
At the time Mr. Craig, an upbeat, shaggy-haired man who peppers his conversation with percentages, was working as a marketing analyst for NRG. Mr. Craig, who never finished high school, had over the years compiled a remarkable amount of arcane movie marketing data; after working for Paramount, he became a one-man Nielsen brain trust.
When NRG started dabbling on Broadway, he saw an opportunity and offered to start a new unit that focused on market research for independent films and theater. (About two-thirds of his research still revolves around independent films.) He spent a few years traveling between Los Angeles and New York testing research methods before announcing the creation of Live Theatrical Events in 2005.
''As Broadway becomes more expensive, they need to know who their audience is,'' Mr. Craig said. ''Who's coming, who's not coming, and why not?''A local bank, Exim Bank, has said that it has benefited from using local experts whose talents it undertook to groom.
This was said recently by the bank’s general manager, Dinesh Arora, when addressing journalists in Dar es Salaam. He said they had always been grooming local talents and tapping qualified and skilled Tanzanians in the diaspora.
“In 2011 alone we offered various positions to over 22 non-resident Tanzanians, facilitating a return to their homeland,” he said.
The GM said the bank’s human resources policy incorporated vision for home-grown expertise, focusing on the recruitment of fresh graduates from local schools and colleges, thus forming a reservoir of local talent.
“The recruitment of indigenous personnel is critical to the survival of the banking industry in order to combat stiff competition and keep pace with rapid growth.
“Exim Bank believes in the potential of the people of a resurgent Tanzania, thus securing the industriousness and productivity of highly motivated and competent Tanzanians,” he stressed.
With long-term sustainability as its central goal, the bank has established The Exim Academy, a training centre offering internal courses to its staff.
Arora said the bank had taken credible steps to sponsor its staff for external courses in different disciplines, including banking, accountancy, auditing and marketing at mid-career and professional levels.
“Whilst fresh college graduates could find the opportunity to seek the entry-level positions at the bank, the managerial, assistant managerial and senior positions are filled internally," he said.Scholarship recipients are pictured from left to right. Seated: Cynthia Argyle, Robbyn Holt, Jennifer Freeman and Kellie Parsley. Standing: Ashley Graves, Wendy Travis, Robin Thompson, Pam Mong, Christina Siemer-Harley, Shelly Romine, Tammy Blosser and Amy Black. Not pictured: Fallon Magdich-Ritchey and Jacob Freeman.
- Filed Under
The Fairfield Medical Center, Fairfield Medical Center Foundation and Emery and Evelyn Williams scholarships were awarded for the 2013-14 academic year.
Fourteen FMC employees were awarded a total amount of $41,738.
The following FMC employees were honored with scholarships: Cynthia Argyle, Amy Black, ... of Mobile Meeting Guide technology to provide members with a technically reliable, intuitive, and functional meeting solution. The app will provide attendees with:
- The entire event program, including both AAR and SBL programs and Additional Meetings
- Exhibitor info, including an interactive Exhibit Hall map
- Maps of conference hotels
- Create and customize your own schedule, make notes about sessions, and share information and your schedule with colleagues and friends via built-in social networking
- Because the solution features an intuitive offline program that is native to Android, iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch devices, no Internet connection is needed!
- Schedule changes are downloaded in the background when Internet access is available.
- New this year – you can create an account on the App which will allow you to sync your schedule, notes, and contacts across multiple devices!
Don’t have a smart phone? Don’t worry! A similar web-based solution is accessible via your computer, laptop, or Blackberry.
The app is available now in the App Store and Google Play — simply search for AARSBL13AM. On the AAR and SBL websites, we have posted an introductory guide to the app. You will also find a Mobile App HelpDesk in the registration area in the Baltimore Convention Center. You can send questions via email to rwilliams@aarweb.org.
Download the app to your mobile device from Google Play and the App Store now, use the web version of the app that is available here, or use the web version of the app that is available here. We hope you will find the app useful!
Follow Patheos
Progressive Christian:"Motor Monday" Closes out the Year with Nearly 400 Vehicles Available at Public Auction on Dec. 9
HARRISBURG, Pa., Dec. 4, 2013 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Monday, Dec. 9, will be the final chance this year for the public to bid on commonwealth-owned vehicles. The year-end installment of "Motor Monday" will feature nearly 400 state-maintained vehicles as well as vehicles seized by state law enforcement agencies.
Seized vehicles featured at the auction include a 2003 BMW 745i, a 2000 Lexus ES300 and a 2003 Mercedes SLK.
The commonwealth will also put vehicles up for bid that are no longer used by state agencies. Vehicles from manufacturers such as Chevrolet, Chrysler, Dodge, Ford, GMC, Jeep and others will be featured. In addition to passenger vehicles, the commonwealth will also auction off Kawasaki and Suzuki motorcycles.
A vehicle preview for the public to inspect the vehicles will take place daily from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Thursday, Dec. 5 through Sunday, Dec. 8, at the Manheim Auto Auction in Grantville.
The auction starts at 10 a.m. on Monday, Dec. 9. Registration opens at 8 a.m. and closes at noon. Buyers may purchase with cash or certified funds in the form of money orders, cashier's checks, certified checks or bank checks – made payable to "Manheim Central Penn Auto Auction."
This is the final auction of 2013 and all revenue generated is returned to the state.
For more information on this auction,Schizophrenia Channel
Topics
Medications
Quicklinks
Related Channels
What Is Thioridazine Used For?
Many people may wonder, "What is thioridazine used for?" Thioridazine is used for the treatment of schizophrenia in both adults and children. Occasionally, thioridazine can also be used "off-label" for treating a number of conditions, including anxiety, agitation, dementia, and severe depression.
Part of a class of drugs known as "typical antipsychotics," thioridazine (Mellaril®) is a prescription medicine that has been licensed to treat schizophrenia.
Schizophrenia is one of the most confusing and disabling mental illnesses. It. Thioridazine can help improve the symptoms of schizophrenia.
Written by/reviewed by: Kristi Monson, PharmD; Arthur Schoenstadt, MD
Last reviewed by: Kristi Monson, PharmD10 Tips to Start off the School Year
Over the summer, I kept on seeing the same type of article I’ve been seeing for over a dozen years about how to help your kids succeed in school and with homework. By now I’m sure you’re as familiar with that advice as I am: establish a routine and schedule for homework; limit distractions during homework hours; assist your child in getting started or figuring out how to divide the assignments into smaller parts; praise your child for effort, etc.
I thought I would write my own 10 tips, which would lean more towards how to ease homework overload than how to set up a comfortable work station at home, but before I started typing I saw that Kerry Dickinson, someone I’ve written about many times (she was instrumental in changing homework policy in her Danville, California, community), had posted her top 10 tips on her new blog East Bay Homework Blogspot. While Kerry’s tips are different than mine would be, she has lots of good ideas.
Here are her first three tips:
1. Don’t over schedule your children this school year. Benefits: you save money, get more time at home as a family and are generally less stressed out when you’re not driving your kids around after school running from one activity to the next.
2. Don’t sign your child up for academic tutoring unless he/she is in jeopardy of failing a class. (Don’t pay for a tutor to boost a “C” or “B” to an “A”.) Benefits: same as in #1 and you are sending the message to your child that he/she is fine the way he/she is. You will trust the teachers to do their jobs. They will get a better indication of your child’s ability if your child isn’t getting extra outside help (this includes helps from you, too).
3. Don’t ask your kids about grades, test scores or homework. Instead, focus on the content of the subject. (Instead of “What did you get on the test?” say, “What are you learning in science?” If you are connected to some school communication tool (like Schoolloop) you can look at homework assignments and grades privately. Benefits: you are teaching them to take ownership of their own schedules. You are letting them manage their own time. You are taking the focus off scores and putting it on learning. You are alleviating stress in their lives.
Read the rest here. And if you have more to add, please leave a comment below.
My biggest objection to the 10 tips is that they’re too passive. Here’s a tip from me:
11.) Look at your child’s homework. If it is tedious, repetitive, pointless, not at your child’s academic level, or just overwhelming, tell your child not to do it. Contact the teacher. Contact the principal. Contact other parents. Raise a fuss.
Also, tip #10, “Let your child fail.” I don’t agree with this at all. It was a devastating experience for my daughter to fail math tests in 5th grade. I don’t see how any young child could respond well to a big red “F”. A child who fails needs support and counseling. And again, let’s be open to the possibility that the failure is a sign of something wrong at school. My daughter’s clueless math teacher remarked to me, “Oh yeah, 8 of the kids failed that test.” Well, if 8 out of 24 hand-picked bright kids failed the test, maybe you didn’t teach the material well. Maybe you need to go back and review and see what the kids missed (this never happened).
September 9th, 2009 at 9:33 am
Permanent Link
The “Let your child fail” tip is a bit baffling. First if one is a proponent of a no grading system, such as Alfie Kohn puts forth, then failing is a non issue. I like, “Let your child make mistakes” better…
Last night my darling came home with a two sided sheet of paper and she was supposed to correct the paragraphs, putting in the capital letters as needed. She was enthusiastic about it, but the problem I had with it was that she wanted it to be PERFECT. She wanted me to check everything so that it would be PERFECT.
I’m being very cautious and will ask about this drive for perfection when we have our curriculum night. I suspect it’s just her (and her girlfriends). This year there are 11 girls and just 4 boys in the class and a female teacher…so I suspect there will be lots of good readers and writers and perhaps much drive to be PERFECT.
September 9th, 2009 at 9:47 am
Permanent Link
My guess is that the “let your child fail” tip had more to do with not taking it upon yourself to be the homework enforcer. Let your child suffer the consequences from their teacher if they don’t turn it in. So long as you’ve allowed them the opportunity, given them the space to get it down, and the time, then in lieu of bribing or punishing them at home if they don’t do it, let the teacher handle the consequences.
I agree with this theory, but I have to say, I still find it hard to let go. My daughters have been back in school since mid-August and I’ve been having a tough time with my 4th grader getting the homework done. I’m afraid of getting the reputation of “uninvolved parent” if I don’t ensure that the homework gets done.
I’ve gotten the impression that teachers won’t put as much effort in helping a child if they don’t feel that child has a strong support system at home. It’s hard to take that step back if I’m afraid it will mean my child slips through the crack.
Suggestions?
September 9th, 2009 at 11:20 am
Permanent Link
To April:
Appropriate homework that is meant to reinforce work done in class (ie, the child should know what to do fully), should not require parent involvement. What about the countless families whose adults do not speak English? Should those children be penalized by teachers because they’re not getting the “support” from home?
Absolutely, you should be taking a step forward to speak with the teacher about how much homework is getting assigned, the content of it and why your child is not able to do it without your intervention. A 4th Grader is what? 9 years old. It’s sad to think that a month into school and she’s already stressed and having troubles. She should be having fun…school is not drudgery. At least it shouldn’t be.
September 9th, 2009 at 11:48 am
Permanent Link
April — I don’t agree with this either. Why should I step back and allow the school to punish my child for noncompliance? Nothing good comes of this. It just makes the child hate school.
One of my beefs with schools is that whatever the problem is, they think punishment is the solution (“consequences” is a euphemism.) There are so many possible reasons why a child might not complete her homework. Taking away the child’s recess is not a useful response to any of those reasons.
I wish schools would take a long hard look at themselves and consider they possibility that they are not always right.
September 9th, 2009 at 11:57 am
Permanent Link
April — I forgot to mention, I used to worry about my reputation with my child’s teachers too. My advice is, don’t worry about it. It’s impossible to advocate for your child and also have all the teachers like you.
“I’ve gotten the impression that teachers won’t put as much effort in helping a child if they don’t feel that child has a strong support system at home.”
Teachers — are you listening? Your job is to teach your students no matter who they are, no matter who their parents are. If their parents aren’t doing what you want them to, that doesn’t let you off the hook.
September 9th, 2009 at 12:02 pm
Permanent Link
April, you could bend over backwards and still not get the respect you crave. Don’t worry about that too much. You’ll have those teachers for one year. You have your child for a lifetime. Which in the end would you rather please?
September 9th, 2009 at 3:50 pm
Permanent Link
Thank you all for your thoughtful responses! I think I will be having a talk with the teacher.
My 4th grader fell asleep doing her reading homework last night, and I let her.
I think I’m more frustrated than she is right now. She just doesn’t want to focus and do it. She knows how, that’s not the issue. Sometimes she asks me for help, but when I probe her, she knows how to do it. But she spent more time the other night tying shoelaces to chairs (!), dropping her pencil, sharpening her pencil, in other words, anything but the homework!
September 10th, 2009 at 3:04 pm
Permanent Link
If I were in your shoes April, I would document. First, decide for yourself how long YOU feel it is appropriate for her to do homework that night (it could depend on how busy a day it was for her) and then quietly notice and document what she actually does in that time, without your intervention. When the time is up, tell her she’s done and can do something else….and again, notice what she does. I’ll bet dollars to donuts that whatever she does in the second period is done with more interest than what she did during the homework period.
That tells you two things. First that what she comes up with to do on her own is of more interest than the homework. Second that it isn’t a question of fatigue (unless she chooses to go to bed). So if she isn’t tired…what is it about homework that she’s not interested in.
A child who wants to do homework is the only one who is going to benefit from it. And there is nothing you can do (short of bribes/threatening them) that will make them want to do it.
September 11th, 2009 at 8:10 am
Permanent Link
I am getting to something key here. Please read and dissect!
We are still talking about minutes. Ten minutes for first grade, twenty for second, thirty for third; okay, you get the picture. Recent research that NO homework is beneficial in elementary aside, how do you “police” the time maximum, hold schools accountable?
The problem with the minutes debate is that you have no way of knowing if the teachers assigned honestly, adhering to the minute limit and just miscalculated or if schools are trying to pull the wool over our eyes. Because it seems to me, the burden of proof is always on the parents. What would stop a teacher from assigning three hours, calling it one, and blaming it on your “time management?”
We need to ask those first questions and ask them early and often. How many minutes, be firm with the limit, and how did the teacher arrive at her conclusions? Do you know for sure that what you say takes ten minutes doesn’t in fact take sixty? Must a parent always have to come and refute it? Isn’t it the school’s job to know these things? If you are going to send it home, you have to do more than wing it.
Are you aware that how a child performs at school is completely different than how she performs at home? That children at home stall, avoid, procrastinate, that they see home as an escape from school, that the dynamic of schoolwork is entirely different with a parent?
You, the teacher, may assign spelling and allot thirty minutes. You observe the child complete said assignment in thirty minutes. You now conclude this is exactly how it will shake down at home. Not so fast.
Do you stop to consider that the environment, set up and, relationship dynamic has now completely changed? A business executive, an adult, has learned how to take work home. And even then, I have many friends who say they can never do office work at home because the laundry, cooking, and Facebook beckon insistently and they have trouble separating out the priorities. Those folks do finish at the office and don’t bring it home.
Quadruple that prioritization/gratification delay conundrum for a child who has not yet mastered the ability to filter out distractions, prioritize, sequence and time manage. We know for a fact that time management skills don’t even begin to kick in ever so slightly until 6th grade!
A seven year old child walks through the door and is eagerly greeted by her books, dolls, markers and leggos. Toys in the classroom (and don’t those disappear by second grade?) are not the same analogy, it is hardly the same temptation. When schools make kids take work home, they have to consider the entire dynamic of home life.
In the old days, homework truly did adhere to time limits, so while some kids found it onerous, it could still be dispensed with quickly with ample time left over for play and pleasure reading. Someone thought it was a bright idea to eliminate all that and turn homework into what many parents will readily describe as a nightly torture. For both child and parents alike.
The only way to keep the process honest is for teachers to keep asking, surveys to go out, and regular meetings called between the two major stakeholders to promote this “partnership.” Signing a form is not a partnership unless you have solicited input from the partner! And I consider children and their parents to be the primary stakeholders in this “partnership,” given that HOMEwork is sent HOME. Shouldn’t you at least ask permission?
But the fact that I’ve not been asked ONCE in public school how long it takes, how it works in my home and what problems have arisen, sends up giant big red flares.
September 11th, 2009 at 1:39 pm
Permanent Link?
In our case, we do get asked how things are going and are asked to speak to the teachers if there are problems. So I can’t complain. But I very much see your point.
If the teachers/schools were truly serious about being in our homes, they would have family schedules for each student and customize a plan for each family. I wrote that with my tongue firmly planted in my cheek because I know that’s ridiculous. It’s as ridiculous as sending home a schedule of homework assigned/due days for kids under 12 because it assumes the family will care and oblige! Imagine a teacher having a binder on her desk with a weekly schedule for each child’s family list of activities and seeing, “Ohoh, on Friday, Sammy has soccer at 5 and then the family is going away for the weekend….I guess there’s no point in giving him any homework”
But we get the teacher’s schedule and our lives have to stop! I find it hard enough to get lunch together every morning and supper every, freakin’ blasted night of my life. I think it’s etched on my brain now that gym is on Wednesday, Library is on a certain day, that Friday is pizza day…but winter’s coming. How many days will we leave the house without snowpants, or mittens or spare clothes because the schoolyard mud/snow/slush pile is just too tempting. If I, Mom, age 48, can’t keep it all in mind for one child, how on earth is child age 5,or 6,or 7, or 8 going to do it?
HomeworkBlues, I’m with you…they need to be invited into our home and lives. They shouldn’t be allowed to barge in and take over.
September 11th, 2009 at 3:20 pm
Permanent Link
PsychMom, thank you. You win first prize as my first dissector! You aptly write: ?”
And that is what has been so wrong about this debate and where we took a left turn (acknowledging that as a leftie, I resent that analogy!). We allowed schools to give us tips, point by point instructions of how to create school at home. Read Susan Ohanian’s book, where she demonstrates a tip long sheet from a New Jersey school district and then asks us to pause and contemplate just how condescending those tips are.
Throw out the tips. Home is not school. School is school and home is home. You do your job and I’ll do mine. Engage me in a discussion of how I can do “homeschool on the side’ and I’ll talk your ear off. Books, museums, plays, nature centers, culture, history, classical music. I can lavishly enrich my daughter’s life for a song. I can scout out free stuff like no one’s business. I can do that But you have to let me. And if I could turn the clock back, I would state, not ask.
A concerned loving involved parent, yea, that’s me! I can do that like breathing. Asking me to be an evening teacher after a long day’s work when I do not have the requisite training or expertise in this area (full disclosure: I have taught but not as a full time teacher) and expect it to somehow get done, come hell or high water, that I cannot do. I wasn’t good at it. It did not go well. We fought. We cajoled. It dampened my relationship with my child. It got done but at a significant price. I payed steep and for what? Contrast that to summer when we read together and took endless trips, now we’re talking.
I can’t do the homework thing well. It gone done, she got good grades but it was never worth what we gave up. It took rather than give..
If my child was April’s kid’s age, I’d be tellling the school this. April, you have two routes. In both cases, you are armed with research and data. The teachers may not love you but one thing they will never think is that you are uninvolved. Please try, hard though it is, to get over that and be strong in your convictions. My daughter is in high school and it’s a different ballgame now.
April, your daughter is what, nine? You have so much still to salvage. So you have two routes. One, you can decide that you fully embrace the research showing NO homework is beneficial in elementary. Tell them it has changed your philosophy. Makes you sound like a smart,caring thoughtful person. You can do that tack. You are not asking, you are telling. You can be polite, you can be appropriately deferential. You will say, (if this describes your child, we read together, and then reel off a million educational activities you will do in lieu of homework.Fear not, dear teacher, her brain will not turn to mush.
That is the best case scenario, in my humble opinion.. Do how Sara Bennett writes as she details her own experience..If the teacher is resistant, say with a smile, we are going to have to agree to disagree. Your position does not change. You also want to state clearly that your daughter will not be punished because this is YOUR decision after carefully reviewing the homework literature and your family life. You may get lucky and the teacher may so, I had no idea. But in any case, you will likely get a dose of admonishment that you are harming your child and a threat of “consequences.” Don’t fall for either. I bet you dollars to donuts some mom is going to be jealous of your new homework free home life.
I like that option best. If you feel skittish, then go the minutes route but I think it’s far weaker than Plan A. But you must stick to the minutes. They say forty minutes? That is all she will do.
You will provide the space, materials and encouragement. By encouragement, I mean turn the tv off and announce it’s homework time. That’s it. You do not cajole, sit with her, check her math answers (that’s the teacher’s job unless you’re being paid), or yell. Forty minutes. If she gets up, the clock does not stop. Because if you fall into the “it’s only forty minutes when she’s actually working,” trap, this will become an all night ordeal, reenacted daily.
Don’t use a buzzer but watch the clock. At the end of forty minutes, it’s over and she goes out to play. I advise you to help only if your girl has a specific question. Long projects often induce major parental involvement, don’t go there. Don’t sit with her all night long. Some kids do want you there, so you can sit across from her with a book, if you would like. But don’t do her work for her, don’t spend all night managing and monitoring, step by step,inspection, and STOP when forty minutes are up.
If you want to go that minutes route, then the only job I see you doing is library, store, and the occasional question. And make that clear to the teachers. You can be nice, you can enlist them in your new game plan but don’t waver. And don’t back down.
September 11th, 2009 at 4:54 pm
Permanent Link
I PAID steep. And LONG TIP sheet. And I’m sure there are others.
Now I know why I don’t catch all my typos and mistakes until after the fact. When we do our draft, the type is very light. Once it’s posted, it darkens and all the monsters (er, mistakes) come out like cockroaches.
Sara, anyway to make the type unshadowed while we are composing our brilliance?
September 11th, 2009 at 4:58 pm
Permanent Link
It GOT done, not gone done. Ding Dong. I swear I didn’t see it before.
September 11th, 2009 at 4:59 pm
Permanent Link
PsychMom, another misconception about homework is that we do not try to eliminate those distractions. Back when I started out, earnest and eager, good parent, willing parent (don’t kid yourself, I have never been a sheep, not from day one), I did all that.
With some difficulty. We lived in a cramped apartment. These tips assume we all live in McMansions with special sound proof aerodynamic specially constructed happy content rooms designated for homework. I don’t.
But I cleared space. Quiet, distraction free. TV off, in a corner, out of her radar so she was never tempted, books stowed away, markers hidden, leggo concoction tucked in master bedroom, dolls stuffed into closets, bed made with toys hidden inside, drawings filed away, dollhouse magically relocated. Christ, I spent hours designing this “homework friendly” environment.
I am hear to tell you some children can walk. They have legs. Short of chaining them to the chair, they get up! They’ve been sitting still, or trying to, for seven hours! The bozo principal thought it would be a grand idea to eliminate recess. If I didn’t know any better, I would think it was a sadistic plot. With the principal grinning into his wizard mirror, squealing in glee, ah, ha, I got those suckers! Hello, mom, kid hasn’t had recess, good luck!
Your five year old (and my kindergartener only had optional homework. We optioned right out of it) leaves your quiet distraction free cheerful well lit carefully crafted homework space, with a plea to use the bathroom. What are you going to do, say no? Not until you do all your spelling? And you swear she got flushed down because an hour has elapsed and she has not found her way back.
September 11th, 2009 at 5:13 pm
Permanent Link
This came in my email box today. It’s a link from Raising Small Souls. I don’t have to outline what is so wrong with this report. It’s called Waking up From the Homework Nightmare. So far so good, right?
Wrong. I can’t tell you how many of my friends with ADHD children run from one highly priced coach to another, lapping up every trick, every strategy, every technique, every snake oil enticement out there. There is a veritable cottage industry, all designed to help you get your child through homework. Many parents who’ve been through the “help” mill will tell you the only thing that changed was their wallet.
When I was a kid, we didn’t need a homework coach, therapist, psychiatrist, consultant, tutor, advocate, stress relief, medication and reams of books and guides and gadgets and gismos (an ADHD conference was selling special timers and clocks and watches and beepers and planners and folders and organizers and special peel off highlighter tape and buzzers and squushy balls and rotating chairs and bouncy balls and floor mats, yes, special floor mats, and mirrors (they say mirrors helps kids do homework)…just to get through homework.
Wake up from the Homework Nightmare? Would love to. Best way to wake up from it is to eliminate it. In its current form.
I did that too, at first, tried to research ways in which it could go faster and better. Until it dawned on me my child was not the problem, I was not the problem, my home was not the problem, homework was the problem!
September 16th, 2009 at 2:29 pm
Permanent LinkThis summer at the St. Regis Bal Harbour V ART OF WELLNESS! April 26, 2012/0 Comments/in Affirmations, Health and Wellness Tips, Whats Happening /by adminDo you want to relax and refresh yourself. Come stay at the luxiourious St. Regis Bal Harbour and let us cater a fitness and wellness program especially for you. For more information , please email: contact@v-artofwellness.com.
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!On Sun, 25 Jan 2009 02:15:08 +0900, Robert Elz <kre%munnari.oz.au@localhost> wrote: >. Refering source file of "../../srcxvid.c" means current setting of WRKSRC does not adapt to reality, should set CONFIGURE_DIRS instead of change WRKSRC. > (Oh, I see you have done it already, well this might at least give > you the answer to the question). > > Until this gets fixed, PR pkg/40396 should be reopened I think... My apologies... -- "Of course I love NetBSD":-) OBATA Akio / obache%NetBSD.org@localhost134.00!
SAVE £154.00!
SAVE £254.00!
SAVE £134.00!
Browse 70 products < previous | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | next >
151 - 150 of 70 products < previous | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | next >Cite
Bibliographic details for October 29
- Page name: October 29
- Author: OrthodoxWiki contributors
- Publisher: OrthodoxWiki, .
- Date of last revision: 10 June 2008 13:02 UTC
- Date retrieved: 22 May 2015 10:12 UTC
- Permanent URL:
- Page Version ID: 71011
Citation styles for October 29
APA style
October 29. (2008, June 10). OrthodoxWiki, . Retrieved 10:12, May 22, 2015 from.
MLA style
"October 29." OrthodoxWiki, . 10 Jun 2008, 13:02 UTC. 22 May 2015, 10:12 <>.
MHRA style
OrthodoxWiki contributors, 'October 29', OrthodoxWiki, , 10 June 2008, 13:02 UTC, <> [accessed 22 May 2015]
Chicago style
OrthodoxWiki contributors, "October 29," OrthodoxWiki, , (accessed May 22, 2015).
CBE/CSE style
OrthodoxWiki contributors. October 29 [Internet]. OrthodoxWiki, ; 2008 Jun 10, 13:02 UTC [cited 2015 May 22]. Available from:.
Bluebook style
October 29, (last visited May 22, 2015).
BibTeX entry
@misc{ wiki:xxx, author = "OrthodoxWiki", title = "October 29 --- OrthodoxWiki{,} ", year = "2008", url = "", note = "[Online; accessed 22-May-2015]" }
When using the LaTeX package url (
\usepackage{url} somewhere in the preamble) which tends to give much more nicely formatted web addresses, the following may preferred:
@misc{ wiki:xxx, author = "OrthodoxWiki", title = "October 29 --- OrthodoxWiki{,} ", year = "2008", url = "\url{}", note = "[Online; accessed 22-May-2015]" }AVerMedia TV Player was developed by AVerMedia TECHNOLOGIES, Inc. The program's executable file is usually found under the following name: AVerMedia TV Player.exe. It requires one of the operating systems: Windows XP/Vista/7/8/8.1/10, to be running on the computer it will be installed on.
Use the Suggest a correction link to update the program information on our website or write your own review.
If you are the developer of this program and want to add the updated info to our database, please visit our page for developers. and Suites Naples
Red Roof Plus and Suites Naples is located in Naples's East Naples neighborhood, close to Tin City, Naples Pier, and Naples Zoo at Caribbean Gardens. Nearby points of interest also include Sweet Liberty Sailing and Von Liebig Art Center. Read More About Red Roof Plus and Suites Naples
Red Roof Plus and Suites Naples Deals & Specials
- One King Bed
- Two Full Beds
- One King BedModule Name: src Committed By: hubertf Date: Sat Mar 15 20:54:26 UTC 2003 Modified Files: src/usr.sbin/pkg_install/lib: pen.c Log Message: Catch one more place that could result in Current not being set properly (and thus in the execution of "rm -fr /") if ^C is pressed at the wrong time. See also PR 19436. To generate a diff of this commit: cvs rdiff -r1.23 -r1.24 src/usr.sbin/pkg_install/lib/pen.c Please note that diffs are not public domain; they are subject to the copyright notices on the relevant files.The guy made a mistake, but just to be clear, please don't meta-discuss this, and when i say please, i mean if you do i'll set the mailing list admins on you. - G. On Mon, Mar 10, 2008 at 12:24:51PM -0000, Norman Cobley wrote: > > > > End of london.pm Digest, Vol 29, Issue 11 > > ***************************************** > > > im afraid first great eastern (and only one of those words is true) still > hold some sort of record for detaining us for 4.5 hours on a train beside > a sewage works between chelmsford and liverpool st about 2002 .. unless of > course anyone knows better ;+) >The power sweep, according to Maraniss, was a variation of the Jesuit concept of freedom within discipline. With a wall of blockers in front, the running back ran for daylight instead of to a specific hole, making quick decisions within the structure of the play. Paul Hornung, the high-bouncing, gold-hatted star of the team and Lombardi's favorite, ran the play brilliantly. The play required swift decisions by all 11 players. Lombardi would run the play in practice dozens of times. He once talked about it for eight hours nonstop at a football conference. Any football fan who is old enough remembers the glory of the Packers sweep, but it may be more a demonstration of Lombardi's genius-level knowledge of football technology and technique than evidence of a living faith.Eric Mangini (Getty Images)
Eric Mangini sat in his office last night outside of Cleveland watching film of the Jets. The Browns head coach found himself wrestling with conflicting emotions.
Should he feel angry, yearn for retribution? Did he miss the players he drafted and helped coach into the successes they’ve become?
Or was he jealous that the team he helped develop is 6-2 and one of the best in the NFL while his Browns are struggling to stay in contention at 3-5?
VOTE: BEST FOOTBALL TEAM IN NEW YORK
“I’m watching the Jets now on tape and it’s fun to watch the guys that I know and have so much experience with, but it’s not like I’m longing to be there,” Mangini told The Post. “I really like our guys. I’m really happy here.”
Here
is Cleveland, the place Mangini landed after the Jets fired him following the 2008 season.
When his Browns play the Jets on Sunday at Cleveland Stadium, emotions surely will be stirred.
Though he doesn’t grouse about it, Mangini knows he was a scapegoat victim of a sudden change by Jets owner Woody Johnson and general manager Mike Tannenbaum, taken amid the fan unrest when the team went from 8-3 to missing the playoffs in 2008.
Mangini, too, knows that it was Johnson and Tannenbaum who brought him into the NFL head coaching world, gave him his first opportunity at age 34, and that led to where he is now.
“There are two sides to that,” Mangini said. “When you make tough decisions, then you have to accept the fact that other people have to make tough decisions about you. You may not agree with them or like them, but it’s their right.”
THE FALL GUY
Mangini hardly was the abject failure with the Jets that many fans perceive him to be, thanks in part to a reputation projected by the media he rarely endeared with great team access, information and witty sound bites.
Mangini moved the Jets forward, led them to the playoffs in his first season, suffered through a poor second season with multiple quarterback injuries and was fired after finishing 9-7 following that 8-3 start with Brett Favre.
He had a big part in building the foundation of the Jets team Rex Ryan will bring to Cleveland on Sunday.
“There are a lot of good people in that locker room and I’m happy they were successful last year, because I know there were a lot of decisions made that I was a part of that helped that happen,” Mangini said.
That, however, wasn’t enough for Johnson and Tannenbaum to warrant bringing him back for a fourth year in 2009.
“The plan was the plan and we were all together and everybody was in,” Mangini said. “And at the end of the day the plan changed and someone had to pay. Maybe I was the only one that didn’t anticipate it, but I didn’t think [getting fired] was going to happen.”
Mangini said he was going by what Johnson told The Post in an interview at the 2008 NFL owners meetings, where while citing his desire to build the kind of continuity franchises like the Steelers have, the Jets owner said the jobs of both Mangini and Tannenbaum were safe regardless of the results of that season.
“Then we had a winning season and it wasn’t what we hoped it would be at the end, but it was the same result as [2009 under Ryan] when they went 9-7,” Mangini said. “But 9-7 one year gets you in the playoffs and 9-7 another year gets you fired.”
Tannenbaum, who said he still speaks to Mangini on occasion and still regards himself as a friend, described the late-night call he made to Mangini the day after the 2008 regular season to fire him as “the hardest thing I’ve had to do.”
“We got a lot accomplished in three years and Eric deserves a lot of credit for the foundation that he helped build,” Tannenbaum said. “Rex has been able to take a lot of things Eric started and take the program from there.”
MANGENIUS
Because he was hired so quickly by the Browns, Mangini never had much time to stew over the shock of being fired.
Mangini’s firing seemed so far removed from his rookie year when he was such a hot commodity he drew the nickname “Mangenius” and even made a cameo on “The Sopranos.” At that time, it seemed he’d be the Jets coach for a long, long time. Ever the calculated realist, though, Mangini knew that wouldn’t last — even if he embraced it while it was happening.
“You just know that every nametag is temporary. You don’t wear it for long,” he said. “Last year, I couldn’t get bill collectors to call me back. Believe me, I was called a lot of things last year and none of them was as flattering as ‘Mangenius.’ ”
Mangini was, indeed, skewered by the locals in Cleveland and the national media for going 5-11 last year and for strong-arming his discipline into a team that when he took over had none in place. Along the way, though, he’s allowed his affable personality to trickle through publicly, an image that betrayed the way he was portrayed by many.
NEW ATTITUDE
His less stringent approach has come with becoming more comfortable with his position.
“Each year you grow and become more comfortable in your own skin,” Mangini said. “You’re a lot more comfortable being who you are in that role as opposed to trying to generate success through being like somebody else.”
Translation: He stopped trying to act like his mentor Bill Belichick, who invented rigid, and started to be himself.
“He smiles and laughs and answers questions, and it seems like he embraces the time he has with the people in public more now,” said Browns offensive coordinator Brian Daboll, who came with Mangini from the Jets. “He does a good job of interacting with guys and doesn’t seem so secluded and evasive as he was in New York to me.”
For those who think Mangini’s players dislike him, consider that former Jets receiver Laveranues Coles, who used to mock Mangini, texted him earlier this week to congratulate him for the win over New England.
“Who would have thought he’d be texting me after a win however many years later?” Mangini said.
MAKING STRIDES
Rob Ryan, who worked with Mangini under Belichick and is his defensive coordinator in Cleveland, called Mangini “a grinder deluxe.”
“When you’re tired and have been working all night, he’s in his office saying, ‘Come on, teach me the 46 defense,’ ” Ryan said. “I’ve wanted to coach for Eric for a long time because I really believe in him. He’s always been a really great motivator.
“He’s changed everything in this building — he changed things physically and he also changed the mindset. Eric is leading this ship.”
Mangini’s ship enters Sunday’s game having won its last two games and is 7-5 in its last 12 dating to last season — and that’s been done with five different starting quarterbacks in that span. The Browns’ three wins this year have all come against 2009 division champions — Cincinnati, New Orleans and New England.
Those closest to Mangini praise him for sticking to his beliefs even when things seemed most dire.
“It’s been a tough road here, but things are getting better because Eric has just stayed the course,” Ryan said.
“Sometimes you’ve got to strip the cupboards before you go grocery shopping again,” Daboll said. “You’re like a contractor who sees this nice house, looks inside and all the wood is rotten. You’ve got to decide if you want to tear it down or build it back from the inside.”
Unwittingly, Daboll’s words delivered a perfect metaphor for Mangini’s head coaching career.Sign up and get your own profile to measure your fan growth + for awesome momentum reports to see who's blowing up. To claim this profile, email: hello [at] gigsby [dot] comClose
Harold Budd Tweet
- artist
Harold Budd (born May 24, 1936) is an American ambient/avant-garde composer. Born in Los Angeles, California, he was raised in the Mojave Desert, and was inspired at an early age by the humming tone c (More...)
Current Standing:
- ▲ 1.8% 1 month change
- Star status
- Going Steady momentum
Gig Stats
- 0 upcoming gigs
- 7 past gigs
Social Stats
Was this rape?
Q: When a young boy becomes curious about sexuality and lives in a family where he has sisters is it normal for him to look to them for answers? Is it normal for a young boy to peak in keyholes at their sisters or hide their bras under their mattresses? If a young boy does these things is he “raping” his sisters?
My sister in law had this happen to her 45 years ago. She recently decided that she needed psychiatric care. She shared these stories with her doctor and was told that her brother raped her. Her doctor also told her to confront her brother and tell her only living parent. She has and the family is shocked and disgusted and stopped talking to her “rapist”.
I am having problems believing that the curiousity of an 11 year old boy can be classified as rape.
Any advice would be sincerely appreciated.
Thank you.
A: What a sad and painful situation. Either your family member has been unjustly accused and evicted from the family or there is much more to the story than you have been told. Rape is a violent sexual assault, where one person forcibly makes another do sexual acts through either the threat of injury or actual harm. The behavior you describe, although certainly a violation of privacy and boundaries, is not uncommon for an 11 year old boy living in a family of sisters and is not rape. On the other hand, it’s not impossible for an 11 year old, if he is bigger and stronger, to sexually assault a younger, vulnerable sibling. Before you take sides on this, I think you need more information. I suggest you have a sympathetic heart-to-heart with your sister-in-law and ask her to share more with you so that you can make sense of what is happening in your family.
I wish you well.
Dr. Marie
Hartwell-Walker, D. (2007). Was this rape?. Psych Central. Retrieved on May 22, 2015, fromOur Journey Together
As I observed the animated discussion during the Discovering the Possibilities workshop last Saturday, I was impressed with the passion and commitment of our people. What I saw and heard spoke loudly of a deep love for God and this church. As persons share significant moments and events, it was clear that God had been at work here and that has changed us. It has changed the way we look at ourselves and the world.
There was also a recognition that God is doing something here, and in and through us. We rejoice in that and become excited. “God has done great things” and is still doing them. That’s good to know.
Unfortunately, we ran out of time before we could adequately examine the demographic data which might give us greater insight into the needs, desires, and lifestyles of the people within 5 miles of 3501 Patrick Street. The data that Stacy gave us is worth looking at and considering, and I hope all of us will do so. I can assure you, that in addition to the other things the Preferred Future Committee will do, we will look at this and other data to more clearly discern how and where we might make fruitful connections with the neighbors God has given us. Then we will recommend ways for enhancing and expanding our outreach to them.
From what I have read about the service aspect of discipleship (the expected emphasis of our next Shifts training), I suspect we will need to give greater emphasis to “ministries of engagement” (hands on service where we develop relationships with those we serve). One of the suggested ways of connecting with our neighbor is something we have already begun to do: adopt a school, in our case College Oaks Elementary. There are additional avenues we should explore as well.
While you may be considering giving up some things for Lent, I would ask that you also consider joining me in adding more prayer to your daily living. My prayer is that we will use the coming weeks to seek the God who has, is, and will do great things, and will accept his invitation to be a part of it. If we do, certainly the greatest days of the University UMC are not passed, but unfolding before our very eyes. Don’t you want to be a part of that?
In Christ,
Charlie
VBS 2015
Children from kindergarten through 5th grade are invited to join us the week of June 15th for Vacation Bible School.
Learn more or register to attend or volunteer »
Lawn Care Help Needed
Volunteers maintain the grass and landscaping around our facilities. We need volunteers weekly to help mow, trim, and edge.
Learn more or sign up to volunteer »
Upcoming Events
- June 15-19: Vacation Bible School
- July 15-19: Intergenerational Mission Trip 2015
Recent Downloads
- Newsletters
- 5/17/2015 It All Starts Here
- 5/10/2015 Love for the Undeserving
- 5/3/2015 The Heart of the Good News
- 4/26/2015 A Clash of Wills
- 4/19/2015 Exalted, Not CondemnedThe idea that de Valera had when this structure for the Senate was put in place in the 1937 Constitution was that it would provide an intellectual elite who would improve legislation with their experience and original thinking.
De Valera liked to ramble on about the thatched cottages and the maidens dancing at the crossroads, but as a former math teachers at one of Ireland’s most exclusive schools he never lost that tendency to elitism he had.
Even though as a university graduate I had a vote in Senate elections, it always made me uncomfortable that I could vote but my father could not because he never got to college.
Over the decades, probably because it was powerless and therefore largely irrelevant, the Senate was ignored by the public and became a play thing of the political parties.
It was used by them as a nursery and a retirement home — a nursery for baby politicians they were grooming for a Dail seat, and a retirement home for mature Dail members who had lost their seats and needed somewhere to rest and recuperate. And of course there was a good salary and expenses as well as pension benefits.
Debates in the Senate are similar to the stuff you hear in university debating societies, a mixture of outrage, piety and a disconnect from the real world, with lots of preening, inane jokes and facile point-scoring to cover up a lack of in-depth knowledge of the subject.
Some of the senators from the universities are the worst. Most of the members of the Senate, who owe their seats to the votes of the elected members of local councils around the country, divide along party lines in Senate votes. The predictability of their votes added to the lack of any real power makes the proceedings of the upper house very much a non-event.
Yet despite all this, given the opportunity, the people voted to keep the Senate instead of getting rid of it.
Does it matter? Not a great deal, is the answer.
It would have saved us somewhere between €10 million and €20 million a year, but that’s a drop in the ocean of our spending.
It would also have meant fewer politicians around, which has to be good, but since no one was listening to them anyway it hardly matters.
Does it have ramifications for Taoiseach Enda Kenny who put forward the idea and then failed to do much campaigning to back it up?
Not really is the answer to that one. Yes, it’s embarrassing for him because it was a proposal that came from him alone rather than from his party, but that’s about it. It’s a one-day wonder.
There is a great deal of nonsense being talked here about the defeat being a threat to Kenny’s leadership. It will take a lot more than this to rattle him.
There is also a lot of nonsense being talked about pressure now being on the government to radically reform the Senate — ignoring the fact that any substantial reform will require constitutional change and therefore another referendum. And that ain’t going to happen ... once bitten, etc.
Far more important for Kenny is the budget, which is now just a week away. We know it’s going to be another savage round of cuts in state spending and tax hikes in one form or another.
By this time next week no one will be talking about the Senate. And as usual no one will be listening to it.01 January 1970 01:00
Ariaware - Ariaware RIA Platform (ARP) - Open Source Best-Practices Pattern-Based ActionScript 2 Framework for RIA Developmentby 1 other
The Ariaware RIA Platform (ARP™) is the only Open-Source Best-Practices Pattern-Based ActionScript 2 Framework for Macromedia® Flash® and Flex™-based Rich Internet Application (RIA) Development.
fullasagoog: Rich Internet Application Goodness
fullasagoog: Rich Internet Application Goodness
Mike Chambersby 1 other
Rich App Developer on the Apollo team at Adobe
M A B - Mozilla Amazon Browserby 1 other
Mab is a Rich Web Application to search products on all 6 Amazon-branded sites (com, ca, co.uk, fr, co.jp), showing results in a handy interface, typical of desktop programs..
Macromedia - Developer Center: Choosing Between XML, Web Services, and Remoting for Rich Internet Applications
Choosing Between XML, Web Services, and Remoting for Rich Internet Applications
AJAX AGENT - helping WEB become the platformby 3 others
Ajax Agent is a very easy to use, yet very powerful open source framework for rapidly building AJAX or Rich Internet Applications (RIA). For the PHP version, it takes only three lines of code to invoke a remote scripting call. Remote scripting is an integral part of AJAX. Check the following code (for PHP version).
Rich Internet Applications With PHP and Flex—Part 1 — a/r/t by php|architect
Rich Internet Applications With PHP and Flex—Part 1
DonnaM: WSG presentation: Designing usable rich internet applications
WSG presentation: Designing usable rich internet applications
1 (17 marks)slideshows MORE
2014 Halloween Costume Ideas for Kids.
Next: Power RangersOil based insecticides were developed for use during the dormant season, before the flower buds begin to open. This "dormant oil" kills off overwintering insects such as aphids, mites and scale, by virtually suffocating them because the oil blocks the spiracles through which insects breath. Having used dormant oil for many years, we have found it quite successful at reducing the insect population and have noticed that yards without treatment of dormant oil do appear to have more insects.
Peachleaf Curl is a fungus disease which appears in the Spring, when there has been prolonged wet weather at the same time as the new growth is developing. Infected leaves become thick, curled and discoloured, and eventually drop. Heavy leaf infection and subsequent leaf drop may reduce crop.
Leafrollers overwinter as eggs which begin to hatch at the pink bud stage of apples. Larvae are green with black heads and feed upon buds, leaves and fruit. Early season feeding on apples and pears causes deep russeted scars on mature fruit, and malformation and pitting on cherries.
Peach, apricot, nectarine, plum and occasionally cherry trees are attacked by these pests. Masses of gum mixed with sawdust and frass near the soil line of the tree trunk indicate borer damage. The removal of this gum and bark around damaged areas will reveal feeding tunnels and cream-coloured larvae wtith brown heads. Young trees may be girdled by larval feeding while larger trees are weakened and therefore susceptible to attack by secondary pests, including shothole borer and ambrosia beetles.
In the Okanagan Valley, cherry fruit flies begin to emerge from pupae in the soil in early June and continue to emerge throughout August. The flies begin laying eggs under the skin of the cherries when the fruit first starts to turn from blush to red in colour. White legless maggots bore out of the cherries, drop to the ground, and pupate near the surface of the soil. There is one generation each year, although a small percentage of the flies may produce a second generation.
Codling moths infest apples, pears, flowering crabapples and quince. Codling moth injury is characterized by holes in the fruit, which are plugged with frass. Codling month larvae are white with black heads in early stages, and pink with molted brown heads when mature. Adults are small grey moths with a copper spot at the tip of each forewing. First brood moths appear in late May to early June, and second brood moths in late July to early August. Codling moth activity depends on the weather, with temperature the principal factor. Timing of the first spray is very difficult to determine because of the variable weather conditions in May and June, therefore we at Olson's Pest Control work closely with government trapping programmes to determine the best time to spray.on 1 Jan, 1970
from drama which has earned her a Golden Globe nomination in the Best Actress in a Drama category (and will likely earn her another Oscar nod) about a woman whose life takes a sharp turn when a horrific accident leaves her a double amputee. Instead, Cotillard is talking about another kind of gut-wrenching tearjerker: David Lynch’s 1980 classic The Elephant Man. “I remember seeing it and I cried so much I didn’t want to go to school the next day because my eyes were so big from crying so much,” the actress recalls.
It’s obvious within moments of meeting her that Cotillard is an actress who wears her heart on her sleeve both on the big screen and off. In fact, it’s that very same sensitivity that provided to be her biggest challenge in the film. In Rust and Bone Cotillard’s Stéphanie is an Orca whale trainer at Marineland. The actress says that while she felt a connection with the majestic creatures, their being attractions at a theme park proved to be too much for her. Cotillard — who once “had the opportunity once to swim with whales in the ocean and it’s fascinating, it’s totally amazing” — admits, “I’m very uncomfortable in a captivity [environment]. It’s something that I don’t really understand, how we can take these magnificent animals out of their environment and put them in swimming pools. That was my biggest challenge, was actually to be cool during those days.”
The stunningly beautiful 37-year-old star may have not been able to connect with Stéphanie’s ability to work with whales in captivity, what she didn’t have a hard time with was finding ways to connect to the spirit of her character and her many struggles. In addition to her injury, Stéphanie falls for a handsome, but troubled single father Ali (Matthias Schoenaerts) and their tumultuous relationship both burdens her and sets her free. Cotillard says that her Rust and Bone character is “much more violent than,” than she is in real life, but she understands that through violence people can release themselves from pain. “I had a period of my life when I questioned existence. I had so many questions and there was no answer and I was kind of lost. I didn’t know what to do with myself, I didn’t know why I was alive.”
But those very questions of existence and the “Whys?”, like the ones Stéphanie continually asks herself and others, can lead to something quite unexpected. “There’s a process of self-destruction when you don’t get those answers because you don’t know if you’ll ever get them,” Cotillard says. “Before you find something that allows you not to worry anymore about those answers, that thing is most of the time, love,” she says of her character’s journey, both with herself and in her unique relationship with Ali. “When you hit the bottom and there’s nothing left but yourself to face, you abandon a lot of bulls**t. You get straight to the point, you’re up front, you have no time to lose with not saying things or saying things in a very complicated way. She tells what she feels because that’s who she is now.”
But it’s those very complications that draws the Oscar-winner — whose film credits in 2012 ranged from the small, intimate Rust and Bone to the blockbuster The Dark Knight Rises — to her projects. “I love complexity, that’s really what I’m attracted to. With [Stéphanie] …she was such a mystery when I read the script for the first time. I thought, ‘Well she could be a lot of people.’ There’s very little information about her, about where she comes from, about her family, about her past, there’s almost nothing. So we really had to create almost everything about her and to find the authenticity, to find who she is and that was an amazing journey because when you do this with such a brilliant director [Jacques Audiard], it’s very inspiring.”
Cotillard gives a lot of the credit to Audiard (whose brutal and brilliant A Prophet earned an Oscar nomination for Best Foreign Language Film in 2010) for making the heaviness of the film work. “Jacques is this mix of a very grounded person and at the same time, a great poet seeking authenticity in everything he does and I loved working with him.” Cotillard has spoken before about the importance of a great director to a project, like she did during The Hollywood Reporter’s recent actress’ roundtable. (“I realized that if I don’t trust the director, if I don’t like him, I’m going to be bad.”)
At that same roundtable, Cotillard found herself surrounded by the very women who are earning accolades for their work in film this year. The very same women she’ll face off with this awards season, including other Globes nominees Naomi Watts, Anne Hathaway, Sally Field, Amy Adams, Rachel Weisz, and Helen Hunt. But, that’s not the way Cotillard sees it. “I’m the biggest actresses lover! I love actresses, I’ve always felt a connection [to them]. We share something in that we play our emotions and we tell women’s stories.”
Rust and Bone is currently playing in limited release.Politico:.
For those who suggested that the Daily Show piece I posted earlier was not funny, or would have no effect, I suggest you rethink the power of Jon Stewart.
It is not about making something not funny into a joke. It is about revealing the hypocrisy, and demonstrating the absurdity of a thing, in a humorous and easy to digest manner.
And while I cannot give ALL of the credit to Jon and his crew, you have to admit that what he did last night made it virtually impossible for the GOP to move this bill forward.
In other words, mission accomplished.
Go Jon!
Agreed G. I think Stewart addressed it in such a way that it was impossible for the teapublicans to move ahead.
OT.... check your email. The Palin's are trademarking their names.
I think his "rapish" comments gave a great deal of impetus to the removal of the word "forcible." What a bunch of bung holes in the GOP.
"It is not about making something not funny into a joke. It is about revealing the hypocrisy, and demonstrating the absurdity of a thing, in a humorous and easy to digest manner."
BINGO>>>>BINGO>>>>BINGO :-)
Jon Stewart gets it right despite being a "comedian".
It is sad commentary that, for the past 2 to 3 years, top comedians such as Jon Stewart, Stephen Colbert and Bill Maher have provided clearer moral guidance on a number of important issues than the Government of the U.S.
Dorian M.
Sorry, Gryph, can't agree less with you on this one. I stand by my comment that to make it "funny" was not a good idea. I also understood that they were ripping the congresspeople. However.
Stewart arguably won $ for the 9/11 responders, but there was no real humor in his presentation. In fact, he was all but ballistic in his anger.
In my opinion, this whole "forcible rape" saga should have been handled with the same intensity and gravitas. To do otherwise, IMO, lessens the urgency of saving my rights and those of my female grandchildren. There is my rethink, Gryph ...
Let's face it: our comedians have saved us from a lot of grief. Tina Fey literally made a laughing stock of Palin and Jon Stewart (and Stephen Colbert) have pointed out the hypocrisy of the right wing. Right now, the National Enquirer and comedians have more credibility than the MSM.
"Listening to Sarah Palin, it is often difficult to determine whether her remarks demonstrate ignorance or dishonesty."
Almost a year old, yet still pertinent.
Aurora
As much as the GOP likes to pretend that they are some new and exciting political wind blowing in from the heartland of America, they are just shoveling the same old social conservatism bullshit that they've been trying to foist on us for about the last 5 decades.
Seriously, there were those in the GOP that thought holding court on when a woman is REALLY raped was a good idea. And THIS is the party that is going to SAVE AMERICA?
The GOP are bumping up against the success of their own hype and marketing. For decades they've had the fear mongering panic machine working overtime to make sure that the batshit crazy asshats on the right are continually wetting themselves and are in a constant state of frothy panic over gays/Mexicans/blacks/liberals/Muslims/etc., ad infinitum. Now that the idiots have shown up to the castle gates with pitchforks and torches, the GOP seems genuinely surprised that the imbeciles are no longer content merely to be GOP canon fodder, but now want to rule as well.
Now, all of those great ideas from the dustbin of social conservatism are being trotted out again:
Women, best get rid of your shoes, get back in the kitchen and prepare to be impregnated. Blacks, go on back to Kenya. Mexicans, get the fuck out of our country, 'cause da' white man's back in da' House baby!
This is teabagger buffoon-orama brought to you by the GOP. Now that the teabaggers have crashed the party, I guarantee that it will get even better and better. Gee, can I be in the GOP, too!?
R.I.P. GOP.
House Democrats keep up the fight against H.R.3
Republicans may have cowered in fear of Jon Stewart again, abandoning their quest to tell women that they weren't really raped unless they have bruises to show for it, but H.R. 3 is still the boldest move since the Hyde amendment to push back women's rights. To borrow from last night's Daily Show, this isn't "warish" on women, it's war on women.
Daily Show SKEWERS GOP for trying to redefine rape
STEWART: What if the woman is unconscious? What, would they cover that?
SCHAAL: Well, they'd like to, Jon, but it might not be rape. The woman might be having a rape-mare. The important thing is, Congress is redefining rape to protect us from the worst kind of rape.
STEWART: And what is that?
SCHAAL: Money rape.
STEWART: What is money rape?
SCHAAL: That's forcible taking of taxpayers' money to pay for abortions. They have no say in the matter. They just have to lay back and take it while their bank accounts are violated over and over and over again!
1:38 -
What is involved with trademarking a name? How is it done and why? i.e. each name? Does it control others using their names - media - headlines - ads, etc.? Does anyone know? Suspect she hates people making money off her name. How does it relate to an author..i.e. books about her?
berndoubt said...
The whole bill is an assault on women's rights. Sure, it's great that they removed the ridiculous wording about forcible rape, but the whole bill is about putting women in "their place". It is chilling to think what republicans want this country to be.
I couldn't agree more, Gryphen. Stewart does more in one half hour show to promote democracy than anyone in the MSM. The other thing he is doing is training the twenty somethings to think clearly about politics and facts. He has much more influence than people realize.
He is brilliant, fearless, and his heart is in the right place!
It is a sad commentary when the best investigative journalists in the country are with Comedy Central, Rolling Stone Magazine and sometimes, the National Enquirer!
Thank-you Gryphen. Five amazing posts in one day. How do you do it?!!
@2:01 - she can trademark her name but that won't stop people from writing about her. She's a celeb/ public figure and was a VP nominee for the GOP. Fair game in terms of public domain.
It would be nice to treat the topic seriously as Anonymous at 1:41 PM suggests, but I don't think it would have had the same effect.
One could seriously talk about the fact that all rate is forcible, but to create the word and thus the concept of "rape-ish" highlights the stunning stupidity of inserting "forcible" before rape. Most people would intellectually agree that all rape is forcible, but by forcing the audience to wrap their brains around ludicrous concepts like rape-ish and rape with benefits, it makes the GOP proposal all the more ridiculous. And it further exposes their contempt for women in a way a serious discussion might not.
Yea for Stewart! But, amazing his style of media/humor is what is actually making the Repubs stand down. What is wrong with our 'supposed' main media sources? They really make me sick! Thank you, Mr. Stewart!
These Repubs in Congress need to be voted out - all that supported this move - especially Boner!
2:01 - I guess we'll have to come up with code names we can use legally. So many to choose from!
Sarah Groundhog Day Cartoon:
You go, Jon Stewart!
Thanks again for presenting an important topic in a manner that actually gets the attention of deaf, dumb, and blind.
O/T Sarah Jones @ Politicususa reporting the Alaska Death Panel under Sarah Palins governorship.
snip] Palin’s “Death Panels” lie took place just weeks after she had been notified of the federally mandated shut-down in her own state, along with the lawsuits filed against her administration. She quit the office she swore to serve within weeks of this notice.
more @
I guess my biggest concern is that Stewart has been making fun of the conservative maniacs for years now, and they not only aren't shamed enough into stop being evil, they're actually gaining momentum. They didn't just sweep the House in 2010, they took over damn near every state legislature and a lot of governorships, as well - in supposedly blue states.
I am glad that Stewart is calling them out on their hypocrisy, but it's not enough, people. There needs to be visceral, vocal, relentless outrage expressed at these sociopaths. We also need to figure out how the hell they've infiltrated their filth into the mainstream media, because that protection is giving them a huge pass on their evil. There's millions more watching MSM outlets than Comedy Central, I can tell you that.
John McCain Announces That He Won’t Be Endorsing Sarah Palin In 2012
In what has to be a crushing blow to her 2012 GOP primary hopes. Sarah Palin’s 2008 running mate Sen. John McCain has announced that he won’t be endorsing anyone in the 2012 Republican primary. McCain told Politico, “I think I’m staying out of this for the first time in many years.” If there is one contender who was counting on McCain’s endorsement, it is Sarah Palin.
The Death Panels Sarah Palin Doesn’t Want You To Know About.
more @
Alaska WTF IS BACK for real.
Same old Dirk.
There’s one little problem with her comment. The National Enquirer DID ask the Palins about Todd’s hookers, and the lying bitch is well aware of that. Details soon.
CAN'T WAIT for this shoe to drop.
Thanks for the explanation, Gryph. I went back and watched the clip and it is a good one. Wasn't going to watch it because the topic of GOP white males dictating to women just makes my blood boil and this topic even more so, but you are right (as usual), it's good and worth the viewing.
R in NC
4:11 PM, nope, still not back. very weird. or maybe because I use firefox?
Jon Stewart is simply the best commentator we have on TV these days, and he's a comedian. Good for him, sad for the rest of journalism
I agree with you that the attention Jon Stewart brought to this subject had a major impact on the Repugs dropping the issue. I don't think I expressed my opinion very well - one of the reasons I don't have my own blog!
Stewart, Colbert and SNL have more impact on political discourse in this country than main or lame stream media. It would seem that the only way intelligent liberals can get their point across these days is through comedy.
Next thing you know, they'll be trying to redefine pregnancy and death.
911 Responders bill, this stupid abortion law...Jon Stewart is batting a thousand and doing it with heart and passion.
Look. To those who feel the piece was in poor taste, let me say this: I was date raped and I found it frickin' hilarious. Not only hilarious, it made me feel empowered. The most appropriate response to the notion that there is "rape" and then there is "RAPE rape" is ridicule. Besides, satire seems to be the only truly effective tool against the, well, tools who are running the Republican party.
Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert - every day - are proving themselves to be two of the most important political forces in the country today. I'm so grateful for them.
4:16 I just got there with firefox.
Is this AKWTF? for real?
I'm suspicious.
I can't wait for Gryphen to post about the Sarah and Bristol trademarks. What are they selling? Hate? Or fail? Maybe abstinence rubbers for when the abstinence just won't work?
I was one of those who pointed out that the Stewart piece showed that rape was not joke. Frankly I didn't find the piece to be one of the show's best comedic or satirical efforts.
Hopefully the impression was not given that I was disapproved of the effort or thought it useless, to the contrary I felt that for a show that can make us laugh at just about anything, the fact that it could not create a truly funny rape satire helped show just how unfunny all aspects of rape are.
I do give Stewart full marks for being brave enough to address the issue, as it's high "squirm quotient" was very telling. The very concept of rape should make descent people uncomfortable.
I agree with your estimate of Jon, but be sure to add in the hundreds of thousands of women with their hair on fire who wrote to members of Congress, Twitted Boehner nonstop and rallied on Facebook.
Most members I wrote to, responded with semi-reasoned letters. Some had forms that talked only about taxes.
Whatta bunch.
Of course there was no response from Alaska's man in the can, Don Young. (In 1070s, he told an aide he missed a vote because he was in the can.)
This is why I watch the Daily Show and the Colbert Report. Not only do I want a little truth with my truthiness, but the humor doesn't hurt either. Plus I really don't need a daily dose of car accidents and sports. I don't consider either news.
Bravo Jon. He may not want the responsibility, but unfortunately he is becoming a major new journalist. The Cronkite of our generation. Deal with it, Jon.
Not everything Jon Stewart does is funny. Some of it like last night's skit brings out the absurdity of bad legislation. When two people discuss the potential Republican Redefine Rape bill as a pro and con, the supporting arguments border on insanity.Hot ringtones on Audiko.net! It’s easy to download a free Stephen Stills ringtones for your iPhone or mobile. Take your favorite trim from your favorite thing - The Ballard of Hollis Brown, Colorado, Treetop Flyer, or any other track. Then download the prepared Stephen Stills ringtones to your cellphone, and enjoy Singer-Songwriter music by Stephen Stills every time your phone rings. If you prefer Singer-Songwriter or maybe Classic Rock and Folk music, then you will probably like Kim Crosby, The Byrds, or Buffalo Springfield as well. For all who want a free Stephen Stills ringtone, we also recommend listening to Americana, Folk Rock, and Blues Rock. You can download your track piece both in the MP3 and m4a formats, played by both mobile phones and iPhones. Just select a track, and choose free Stephen Stills ringtones download option.
Download Stephen Stills Ringtones
Top free ringtones
Albums
Stephen Stills
11 Sep 1991
Stephen Stills
30 Jun 1971
Stephen Stills
30 Nov 1969Find out how to access preview-only content
July 1979, Volume 11, Issue 4, pp 447-455
Picrosirius staining plus polarization microscopy, a specific method for collagen detection in tissue sections
- L. C. U. Junqueira,
- G. Bignolas,
- R. R. Brentani
- … show all 3 hide
* Final gross prices may vary according to local VAT.Get Access
Synopsis
Sirius Red, a strong anionic dye, stains collagen by reacting, via its sulphonic acid groups, with basic groups present in the collagen molecule. The elongated dye molecules are attached to the collagen fibre in such a way that their long axes are parallel. This parallel relationship between dye and collagen results in an enhanced birefringency.
Examination of tissue sections from 15 species of vertebrates suggests that staining with Sirius Red, when combined with enhancement of birefringency, may be considered specific for collagen. An improved and modified method of staining with Sirius Red is presented.
- Bancroft, J. D., Stevens, A. (1977) Theory and Practice of Histological Techniques. Churchill-Livingstone, Edinburgh
- Constantine, V. S., Mowry, R. W. (1968) The selective staining of human dermal collagen. II. The use of Picrosirius Red F3BA with polarization microscopy. J. invest. Derm. 50: pp. 419-23
- Deitch, A. D., Terney, J. Y. (1965) Effect of acetylation on acid dye binding and Sakaguchi reaction. J. Histochem. Cytochem. 13: pp. 15-16
- Ganter, P., Jolles, G. (1969) Histochimie normale et pathologique. Gautier Villars, Paris
- Junqueira, L. C. U., Cossermelli, W. S., Brentani, R. R. (1978) Differential staining of collagens type I, II and III by Sirius Red and polarization microscopy. Arch. histol. jap. 41: pp. 267-74
- Junqueira, L. C. U., Bignolas, G. & Brentani, R. R. (1979). A simple and sensitive method for the quantitative estimation of collagen.Anayt. Biochem. (in press).
- Mueller-Eberhard, H. J. (1975) Complement. Ann. Rev. Biochem. 44: pp. 697-723
- Puchtler, H., Waldrop, F. S., Valentine, L. S. (1973) Polarization microscopic studies of connective tissue stained with Picrosirius Red F3BA. Beitr. Path. 150: pp. 174-87
- Quintarelli, G. (1963) Masking action of basic proteins on sialic acid carboxyls in epithelial mucins. Experientia 19: pp. 230-1
- Spicer, S. S. (1962) Basic protein visualized histochemically in mucinous secretions. Exp. Cell Res. 28: pp. 480-8
- Stoward, P. J. (1975) A histochemical study of the apparent deamination of proteins by sodium hypochlorite. Histochemistry 45: pp. 213-26
- Sweat, F., Puchtler, H., Rosenthal, S. I. (1964) Sirius Red F3BA as stain for connective tissue. Archs Pathology 78: pp. 69-72
- Tezuka, T., Freedberg, I. M. (1972) Epidermal structural proteins. Isolation and purification of keratohyalin granules of newborn rat. Biochim. Biophys. Acta 261: pp. 402-417
- Vickerstaff, T. (1954) The Physical Chemistry of Dyeing. Oliver and Boyd, London
- Weatherford, T. W. (1972) Staining of collagenous and non-collagen structures with Picrosirius Red F3BA. Ala. J. Med. Sci. 9: pp. 383-8
- Title
- Picrosirius staining plus polarization microscopy, a specific method for collagen detection in tissue sections
- Journal
- The Histochemical Journal
Volume 11, Issue 4 , pp 447-455
- Cover Date
- 1979-07-01
- DOI
- 10.1007/BF01002772
- Print ISSN
- 0018-2214
- Online ISSN
- 1573-6865
- Publisher
- Kluwer Academic Publishers
- Additional Links
-
- Topics
-
- Industry Sectors
-
- Authors
- L. C. U. Junqueira (1)
- G. Bignolas (1)
- R. R. Brentani (1)
- Author Affiliations
- 1. Laboratórios de Biologia Celular, Pesquisa em Reumatologia e Oncologia Experimental, Faculdade de Medicina, Universidade de São Paulo, BrazilXue-min Cheng, Ph.D.
Adjunct Research Associate Professor, Internal Medicine and M–NIMBS
Dr. Cheng earned her B.S. degree in Organic Chemistry at Peking University, Peking, China in 1982. She was selected through a series of vigorous tests as one of forty students in the first CGP (Chemistry Graduate Program) group to attend graduate school in the United States under the sponsorship of both the Chinese and the US Governments. She earned her Ph.D. degree in 1987 in Organic Chemistry at the University of Pittsburgh. Her dissertation work was directed by Professor Alan Kozikowski and was focused on new methodology development in heterocyclic chemistry and their applications in the synthesis of natural products. She continued her organic chemistry research as a post doctoral fellow working with Professor E.C. Taylor at Princeton University for a brief period before moving to Harvard University where she worked with Nobel laureate, Professor E.J. Corey. Her research at Harvard was focused on exploring practical applications of the CBS reduction in organic synthesis. She started her professional career as a Senior Scientist at Parke-Davis Pharmaceutical Research in June 1990. Being a medicinal chemist in the cardiovascular section, Dr. Cheng was involved in several discovery projects targeting cardiovascular diseases. She took on a project leadership role in 1993 as the chemistry group leader for the Endothelin project and soon became the co-chair for one of the largest projects in Parke-Davis. Under her leadership and through solid team effort, Parke-Davis established its leading position in the Endothelin project in pharmaceutical industry with two compounds being advanced to clinical development. From 1998 to 2000, Dr. Cheng worked in the metabolic disease area focusing on discovery of PPARg agonists to treat type II diabetes and on a MC-4 agonist project for obesity. She was the leading chemist and project leader for both projects. She also worked on a renin project during different periods, developing prodrugs for the peptidic inhibitors and small molecule inhibitors for the treatment of hypertension. Most recently, she worked on the Statin plus project aiming to develop a Lipitor back-up with a superior side effect profile. Two compounds, designed and synthesized by Dr. Cheng, were advanced for clinical development. Dr. Cheng joined the Department of Internal Medicine and the Michigan Nanotechnology Institute for Medicine and Biological Sciences in October 2006. Her work focuses on development of more effective targeted cancer therapeutics utilizing effective linker strategies as well as on improvements in controlled release of analgesics. In March 2008, she joined a newly formed.User:FrJustin
From OrthodoxWiki
My Sites
- My Home Page
- Christian Fantasy Books.com
- HewlettHill: the Hewlett family news site (to get access, e-mail webmaster{at}ehewlett.net)
- Orthodox Mission.org
Sites I Help Maintain
- St. Herman's Orthodox Church in Langley
- Holy Apostle Barnabas Orthodox Mission in Comox
- BC Deanery (OCA)
- St. Arseny Camp
- Archdiocese of Canada (OCA).
For those of us who are nostalgic or liked to play with model trains when we were kids, today marks a rather inauspicious anniversary. 52 years ago, on January 28, 1962, Washington's original streetcar system road the rails for the final time. That last run ended 99 and a half years of service to the nation's capital as buses replaced the trolleys as the primary means of mass transit in the District. So, how did we get to that point?
After going electric in the last decade of the 19th Century, the streetcars quickly became a crucial part of transportation in the nation's capital, just as they were in other cities across the country. But Washington's system--which gradually coalesced from a hodgepodge of small companies into a single entity, the sprawling Capital Transit Co. in 1933--faced special problems.
Many U.S. cities--including Washington--are now looking again to a late 19th-century transportation technology, the electric streetcar, as a tool to help revitalize business and entertainment districts and attract young professionals and empty nesters to consider urban living. Here in DC, the District Department of Transportation says it is in the finishing stages of completing a new line along H Street and Benning Road NE, which eventually will form part of a new DC Streetcar system with eight lines and 37 miles of track, which will serve all of the District's eight wards.
That makes it a good time to look back at the history of Washington's once-grand system of electric streetcars.
There have certainly been worse fires, but the Willard Hotel blaze of 1922 caused quite a stir. It resulted in $400,000 (close to $5,400,000 in today's money!) in damages to the grand hotel and sent some of the District's most distinguished citizens and guests out into the street in their pajamas. Some just moved a little more quickly than others. Apparently emergency procedures were a little different back then.
J.D. Salinger, one of the most important American writers of the 20th Century and the subject of tonight's American Masters documentary, was deeply influenced by Indian philosophy and religion. But that spiritual quest, curiously, led him to not to Varanasi or some other Indian city, but to Washington, D.C.
It happened in the spring of 1955. It was four years after the publication of Salinger's celebrated novel, The Catcher in the Rye, and two years after his anthology, Nine Stories, futher established him as a literary sensation..
One of the most famous movies set in Washington is The Exorcist, the 1973 tale of a Roman Catholic priest's struggle to save a 12-year-old girl named Regan (Linda Blair) from demonic possession, which transfixed theater-goers with its phantasmagoric gore. The William Friedkin-directed film not only was a box office smash, but also became the first horror film ever nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards, and four decades after its release,The Exorcist and its D.C. connection continue to resonate in the public imagination. Case in point: The film's shocking climax, in which the progagonist, Father Damien Karras (portrayed by Jason Miller) takes the demon Pazuzu into his own body and is hurled to his death, has turned the steep set of steps in Georgetown where it was filmed into a macabre local landmark.
But The Exorcist has another, even more unsettling connection to the Washington area. William Peter Blatty, who wrote both the screenplay and the bestselling 1971 novel from which it was derived, was inspired by an actual case in which a 14-year-old boy purportedly was possessed by the devil, which occurred in Prince George's County 65 years ago. peace.The preliminary budget, which was presented at a Monday school board meeting, was about $4 million bigger at $105,427,066 than the 2012-2013 budget, which was $101,197,974.
The district is proposing a tax rate of about $1.23 per $100 of assessed valuation for Morristown, down from $1.25 in 2012-2013. For a home assessed at the town average of $354,000, that amounts to a tax payment of approximately $4,354 per year. That figure doesn't include taxes levied by the municipality or Morris County.
For Morris Township, the district is proposing a tax rate of 1.44 per $100 of assessed valuation, which is up from $1.48 in 2012-2013. For a home assessed at the $390,000 township average, that amounts to a tax payment of about $5,616 a year. That figure also doesn't include township or county taxes.
The disparity between the two municipalities is due to a yearly change in equalized property values in the town and township.
The Morris School District's 2013-2014 preliminary budget would raise the tax levy — the total amount of tax dollars to be collected — by exactly 2 percent, taking it to $82,423,847, up from $80,807,655 in 2012-2013. If it raised the levy any more, the budget would have to go to the public for a vote.
The final budget will be presented March 21 at the Lafayette Learning Center.
Instead, Kelly said, the district would add two half-day preschool sessions, another bus driver, and another multiple disabilities teacher at the high school to handle the influx of special education students coming from the middle school. She also said the high school planned to hire a guidance counselor focused on pushing underachieving students.
Kelly added that the district would continue to use the money gained from its involvement in the state's Interdistrict Public School Choice Program, in which students from other towns can attend the district, to fund its iPad initiative.
Started in 2012-2013, when all seventh-graders were given iPads, the program will be expanded in 2013-2014, she said. Kelly said all incoming seventh-graders and freshman will receive iPads, while the current seventh graders will continue to use the same devices they were given for eighth grade. 26 - Bible Instructions for Parents (Text Version)
God said of Abraham:
"I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord, to do justice and judgment..." (Genesis 18:19).
In contrast God said concerning Eli, the priest:
:14-15).
Pharaoh said,
"Let the men go, that they may serve the Lord their God," but Moses said, We will go with our young and with our old, with our sons and with our daughters..." (Exodus 10:7, 9). Sometimes parents seem content to be Christians but fail to insist against Satan that their children will leave Egypt (the land of bondage) with them.
Parents sometimes do not realize how important it is that they serve God while rearing their children.
"I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hat me; And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments" (Exodus 20:5).
God said in Hosea 4:9, "...Seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget they).
"O that there were such an heart in them, that they would fear me, and keep all my commandments always, that it might be well with them, and with their children for ever!" (Deuteronomy 5:29).
"Lo, children are an heritage of the Lord: and the fruit of the womb is his reward" (Psalm 127:3).
"And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to the fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse" (Malachi 4:6).
Concern for Children Before Birth.
Children are of concern to both parents and the doctor before the child is born, with concern for the wellbeing of the child and mother.
It is a sad fact that millions of mothers have concerned themselves with the deliberate destruction of their children before they have a chance to be born -- the murder of unborn infants, called abortion.
Should parents be concerned for their children's spiritual welfare before they are born?
I heard of an incident but am not sure that I remember the time element correctly. It, however, illustrates the point. A mother went to the minister in by gone years and asked him at what age should she begin the spiritual training of her child. The minister asked, "When will the child be born?" She replied, "O, he is three years old." The minister responded, "Go home quickly and begin because you have lost the three best years to do it."
"Please tell me more."Baking powder buscuits at Laura Dot Cooks.
Cool jazz ice cube stirrers shaped like little guitars. Scott looked over my shoulder just now and indicated that he’d also like to have the guitar and amp in the picture. At AT:LA.
How to poach chicken at The Kitchen.
Help me start eating more salad at Ask Metafilter.
Bacon Salt: Food of the Gods, or Actually a God? Extensive tasting notes on this “vegetarian kosher zero-calorie seasoning salt that tastes just like bacon”, at Seattlest.
Tillamook’s macaroni and cheese contest, via Citizen Rain.
Giant lego cake pan at Consume.
Chocolate and Zucchini makes Caramelized Chicken with Green Olives and Prunes (and gives the recipe) which is really, really delicious. I’m lucky enough to know that because it’s the same recipe as the Chicken Marbella that Lulife made for the food swap. I miss that chicken.
Ice Bar: Bullshit or What?, with information from a scientist and everything. At the Slog.
Oh baby, Hearst Castle shortbread recipe, at 101 Cookbooks.
Frito Pie 101 at The Stranger.
10 responses so far ↓
1 Mer // Aug 3, 2007 at 7:03 am
Holy cow! I grew up on Frito Chili Pie as a kid in Northwest Louisiana. I am so tickled that someone up in your neck of the woods would find it appealing.
If you don’t want to go to the trouble of making chili, I use Hormel canned chili WITHOUT beans. And the article is right – it only works with Fritos, otherwise it gets soggy too fast.
2 megan // Aug 3, 2007 at 7:36 am
Mer – Thanks for the tips! Truthfully I had never heard about it until Jane and Michael Stern did a report on where to find it in Santa Fe. I was surprised to find out Frito Pie is something offered as school lunches, beats our cold cheese pizza.
3 Emily // Aug 3, 2007 at 8:22 am
Oh of course now that I’m not a kid anymore someone comes out with a Lego Cake Pan! A dream come true for this childhood Lego Maniac. Frito Pie was definitely not on the menu at my Elementary school outside Minneapolis. But boy it should have been! Kids these days a so lucky.
4 bitessa // Aug 3, 2007 at 10:59 am
I’m partial to Wolf brand chili. No beans, of course, because real chili does not have beans. Go to a chili cook-off in Texas and people will fight over that. heh
I think I know what I’m having for lunch now…
5 jamie // Aug 3, 2007 at 11:02 am
i love the lego cakepan. i just wonder how well you could ice in between the cracks (unless you just break it into little legos), and the nubs on top, and still have it resemble a lego. hmmm…
jamie
6 Gina // Aug 3, 2007 at 11:58 am
I had a question, but someone already asked it… How do you frost that? Maybe you could use one of those airbrush tools like they have at professional bakeries, and just Earl Scheib the sucker.
7 nazilam // Aug 3, 2007 at 2:28 pm
I am so going to make that chicken dish. I don’t care if my TH hates olives, it looks beautiful.
8 allison // Aug 3, 2007 at 9:51 pm
Oh, honey. My beloved Frito pie. I had my first and only real Frito pie back at a street fair in Olympia when I was a kid… easily 25-30 years ago. It was served in the bag and everything. I still think of it whenever I drive through that town.
9 Patti // Aug 4, 2007 at 10:06 am
My favorite biscuit recipe is from Bread Alone. It has yeast as well as baking powder, and you can make a ton of them and freeze them. I’m so happy it’s only supposed to be in the 70s for the next week, I can do some baking!
LOVE the Lego cake pan, but, me too, how do you frost it without losing the details?
10 Tara // Aug 5, 2007 at 3:07 pm
I used the Lego pan for brownies: The brownies were huge and thick and yummy, weighing in at about 1/4 lb each.
I’ll never make something cakey in it again though, as it’s a nightmare to clean — even my dishwasher couldn’t do the job completely.General Electric Co. will bring 1,400 jobs to Greater Cincinnati for a new U.S. Global Operations Center, in offices it expects to have built by 2017.
The "shared services" hub will be one of five worldwide, where the engine, appliance and technology company will host departments such as finance and information technology, JobsOhio CEO John Minor said Thursday in a statement.
As The Enquirer first reported Wednesday, GE is considering several sites for its new offices. Frontrunners include Mason, Oakley and The Banks development on Cincinnati's riverfront. GE hopes to break ground this summer.
Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley hailed the announcement as "awesome news for our region," but declined to confirm that The Banks and Oakley are frontrunners. Cranley, a Democrat, credited Republican Gov. John Kasich with luring the new GE hub to Ohio.
Mayor John Cranley discussed the impact of General Electric potentially bringing 1,400 jobs to Cincinnati during a press conference at City Hall. Joseph Fuqua II/The Enquirer
"My first choice is anywhere in the city of Cincinnati," Cranley said of the location for the new offices. "I don't play favorites inside the city. I've told them we will help them if they go to The Banks, Oakley, Price Hill, wherever."
Still, Cranley noted: "Everyone recognizes that the city has been greatly revitalized in recent years with a 24/7 Downtown, and I believe that is attractive to a lot of people."
City officials have been working on the deal for the past month. Tax incentives for the move have been discussed "hypothetically," Cranley said, with nothing put in writing yet. He declined to give details.
GE officials said the company's strong ties to Ohio and especially to Greater Cincinnati played a big role in the decision to locate here and gave the region an edge in the competition with other states, including Texas, for the new shared services center.
"Ohio was the most attractive," said Joe Allen, general manager of GE's U.S. operations center. "The relationship with the state, and the talent we've had from our employee base, is a big benefit."
Allen confirmed Mason, The Banks and Oakley all are "in the running" for the center and said a choice will be made within 90 days. Until the new office is complete in 2017, up to 650 GE employees will move into temporary quarters in the Atrium buildings on Fourth Street in downtown Cincinnati.
Most of the new employees will relocate from elsewhere in the United States, but about 300 new jobs also will be created, Allen said. Most will work in human resources, accounting, information technology, procurement and other "back of the business" support operations.
Allen said cost, parking and the attractiveness of the development all would be part of the decision on where to locate the new center. Once built, the center could house as many as 2,000 employees, he said.
JobsOhio, Kasich's privatized economic development group, helped recruit the GE hub to Southwest Ohio over several other locations around the U.S., Minor said. GE already has 15,000 employees in Ohio -- more than in any other state -- with the largest concentration of those employees in Southwest Ohio. GE Aviation, for instance, has thousands of employees in Evendale and other locations throughout the region.
"The company knows the Greater Cincinnati area is an excellent place to be because of its long-time, successful GE Aviation operation and we're thrilled with the confidence this move shows in the people of Ohio," Kasich said in a statement. "It's great to see more jobs created by JobsOhio's efforts."
GE is seeking as much as 400,000 square feet of office space for the expansion here, sources said.
Competition among the possible sites for the new GE office will likely be fierce. A project involving so many jobs would be a boon to any of the communities on the list.
"GE jobs are incredibly sought after. They are higher-paying jobs and better for the economy," Hamilton County Commissioner Greg Hartmann said Wednesday.
The Banks project has been looking for a signature corporate tenant for years and could anchor the next phase of the project to a new office building.
Oakley is home to several new economic development projects, most notably Oakley Station, which includes a Kroger, a movie theater, about 300 apartments and other stores. Mason, in Warren County, has been one of the region's fastest-growing suburbs for two decades and already is home to many corporate offices.
The company may move some employees to downtown Cincinnati early next year while it waits for its new offices to be built at the new location, sources said.
GE is based in Fairfield, Conn., and is one of the world's largest companies, with more than 300,000 employees and sales of more than $147 billion.
"GE knows that our region is an ideal place to live and work, and
we're excited to again be part of its plans for the future," said Matt Davis, interim executive director of Regional Economic Development Initiative Cincinnati.
The company produces aircraft engines, household appliances and high-tech equipment for power generation, water processing and medical imaging. It also provides financial services to businesses and consumers.
Forbes last year ranked GE fourth on its "Global 2000" list of top companies and seventh on its list of the world's most valuable brands.
GE's CEO, Jeffrey Immelt, grew up in Greater Cincinnati and is a Finneytown High School graduate.
Bowdeya Tweh, Sharon Coolidge and Jason Williams contributed
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsAbout 40 representatives of local organizations and agencies attended a meeting last week to discuss formation of a group to develop long-term recovery strategies for recovering from the effects of the Carlton Complex Fire damage. Photo by Marcy Stamper
By Marcy Stamper
Although hundreds of people are still literally digging out from the devastation of the wildfire—and firefighters still working to control it—a network of individuals and organizations has begun building a network for longer-term recovery.
Some 40 people from local social-service agencies, environmental organizations and health-care providers held their second weekly meeting on Thursday (July 31) to create a group that will focus on the long-term recovery process. They were joined by volunteers from around the country—religious groups that focus on disaster relief and the Red Cross—and by representatives of state and local governments.
Attendees at the meeting described their long hours over the past several weeks collecting and distributing donations, helping people find temporary housing, and researching opportunities for financial assistance. A long-term recovery organization (LTRO) would harness this energy and be a central place for cataloguing needs and distributing funds, and help the community take advantage of outside resources and avoid duplicating efforts.
An LTRO would most likely hire a coordinator, who would work with other groups and caseworkers. The LTRO could apply for grants, provide referrals and manage volunteers and donations.
The Okanogan County Community Action Council is already serving as an umbrella group for disaster recovery and a liaison with national organizations, and would be part of the new organization.
a
Lots of cooperation
Many in the network are already immersed in some aspect of longer-term recovery. Twisp Mayor Soo Ing-Moody said she had been in contact with the mayor of Darrington so that the Methow Valley can use models that community built for recovery after the Oso mudslide.
Ing-Moody has also been working with local and state officials to document housing needs.
Room One and The Cove have expanded their assistance and advocacy for people needing financial and social support. The Community Foundation of North Central Washington is working on raising money for long-term recovery, said Executive Director Beth Stipe.
Chambers of commerce and regional tourism organizations are planning a campaign to encourage tourists to come to the Methow Valley and Okanogan County. “We need to support businesses and keep our economy strong to avoid long-term unemployment,” said Julie Muyllaert, president of the Winthrop Chamber of Commerce.
TwispWorks will help with economic development, including devising ways to bring more outside money into the community.
“The school will provide wraparound services for kids so they feel safe at school,” said Liberty Bell High School Principal Deborah DeKalb. “The schools are a microcosm of the community. We will see every need there,” said Methow Valley Elementary Principal Anne Andersen.
Among the volunteer efforts that would be organized by the LTRO are helping people fill out paperwork, assess the extent of their loss, and provide mental health counseling.
Methow Recycles is looking for ways to funnel money from metal recycling back into the community. The Methow Valley Citizens’ Council and the Methow Conservancy are focusing on ways to protect and restore the natural environment.
Other LTRO activities would include improved preparedness and communications for potential future disasters.
Several of the local social service agencies at the meeting were talking with their boards of directors about their potential role in an LTRO. No decisions about leadership or administrative roles had been made as of press time.
a
Resource center
Another aspect of long-term response is a multi-agency resource center, or MARC, currently being set up in the old grocery store in Pateros to serve as a central location for people to meet with representatives from groups such as the Okanogan County Housing Authority, Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Red Cross and mental health providers, according to Chris Epps, public information officer for Team Rubicon, which is organizing the center.
Team Rubicon is a nonprofit organization of veterans who work with first responders on disaster relief.
It has been managing relief operations in Pateros. Fifty Team Rubicon volunteers have been helping with clean-up and debris removal throughout the county for the past few weeks.
The MARC is expected to open on Monday (Aug. 11). Projected hours are Monday through Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. For more information, call (509) 416-6280.Commerce.
Another reason to hate statistics. I understand the reasoning that food and fuel should not be used in inflation calculations because of their volatility, but if you’re using inflation as an adjustment factor in calculating economic growth, then it should be the inflation that people are actually paying–it should include as many consumer goods as possible (reality is what we’re looking for, volatility is irrelevant).
So Crudele is really saying not just that the government misstates economic growth, but that the formula used is not even designed to properly state it.
Taking out “volatile” food and gas just doesn’t cut it anymore. A year ago Coke would be on sale 2 cases for $10, now the much rarer sale is 2 for $11. Twelve packs were 2 for $5, now it’s 2 for $6. Tuna would be, at a sale price, $0.50 per can, that’s now doubled. I’m definitely buying much less these days, though my money seems to not last any longer.
Those inflation discrepancies remind me of the “I cannot eat an i-Pad” episode. As long as you don’t eat or drive your car the lower number makes lots of sense…
This is not a bug, its a feature. It lets the Government take a negative and spin it as a positive. From here on out, the expected and predicted emerging wave of inflation can now be touted by the Government as “economic growth”.
Obviously, Stephen …you and John need a refresher course in Obamanomics.
Americans, on average, eat 930 million meals each day. However, the evil people who make $200,000 or more…do more meal eating than those who make less.
So, it is only fair that they give up eating some of their meals. By enforcing this, Obamanomics can save or create meals, be redistributing them to others. All that has to happen, is for the $200,000 makers to buy the food, store the food, cook the food, plate the food…and then have the government come by to take the food away from them.
Similarly, Americans drive somewhere around 30 miles each day. Those making $200,000+ drive more than those who don’t have jobs or cars. The amount of gas created or saved by “redistributing” the use of their cars to “other folks” during the week….so, all that has to happen is for the “rich” to buy their cars, gas up their cars…and have the government come each week and give them to “others” to use.
In this way, the volatility of food and gas would not be a problem and the “rich” would be giving their “fair share” to save and create food and gas for the government to redistribute.
Obamanomics 101, it’s not just for Warren Buffett’s secretary any more.
But there was King Putt last night telling the woman whose engineer husband has been out of work 3 years that her statement was interesting because the economy was turning around or something. I guess everything looks “interesting” from the 18th hole.
FTFY.Beach Front Vacation Rentals
Thank you for visiting On-The-Sand.com featuring vacation condos in North Coast Village in Oceanside, CA. North Coast Village was built directly on one of the few undiscovered beaches in California and gives you direct access to awesome waves, sand, and fun. It truly is a hidden gem that allows you to relax in a quaint beach city away from the masses of tourists.You have all you need within walking distance to create the perfect vacation. Just north of North Coast Village is Oceanside Harbor where you can find all sorts of fun activities, quaint shops, and delicious restaurants. Among the activities offered there are whale watching tours, deep sea fishing, sailing lessons, jet ski and boat rentals and much more. Just south of the complex is the pier, great shopping, and more restaurants. See our local attractions page for information on some of our favorite places to eat and visit. Oceanside is also known for its killer waves for surfing or boogie boarding.The North Coast Village is a 24 hour secured complex that boasts a resort type feel as you walk stroll through the lush tropical grounds with waterfalls, streams, and koi ponds. Throughout the grounds you will find a putting green, cardio & weight room, 2 pools heated year round, 2 hot tubs, sauna, party room, game room, laundry facilities, outdoor showers, and commercial BBQ grills & outdoor eating area. Visit our Complex Amenities page to learn more.
Guest Reviews
“We are already planning to return. You have been so delightful to work with. Getting everything in order was effortless. It was a wonderful vacation and the perfect spot to stay.”
—Ross Owen – D4 Lighthouse on the Shore
—Ross Owen – D4 Lighthouse on the Shore
“this was our 3rd stay in one of your units. gets better with each stay!”
—Ronald Gilbert – E19 Sunset Getaway
—Ronald Gilbert – E19 Sunset Getaway
“We loved everything about North Coast Village. The D4 unit was just as advertised. The grounds are spectacular. And everything about check-in and check-out was smooth and easy. We definitely recommend this place. Much nicer accommodations and a much better price than a San Diego hotel.”
—Ray and Jane Frasier – D4 Lighthouse on the Shore
—Ray and Jane Frasier – D4 Lighthouse on the ShoreWhat’s New in Gay Quebec City
Enchanting and gorgeous Quebec City is a must for travelers the world over. This historic capital offers visitors four distinct seasons, each one bringing its own beauty and pastimes. French-speaking Quebecois are an active lot who embrace the outdoors and find unlimited ways to enjoy recreation–not to mention luxurious spas to keep the blood flowing.
Quebec also is an emerging queer capital that straddles the big- and small-city vibe. It’s true that Canadians are, generally speaking, beguiling and open-minded. Throw in the charming Francophone accents, warm smiles, and leisurely coziness, and Quebec becomes a place LGBT visitors adore.
“It’s the perfect balance between a gay-friendly, American-style, party-loving modern capital, and a charming, welcoming-yet-discrete European-style big village,” says Olivier Poulin. Poulin is Director of the Quebec City Pride Festival (www. glbtquebec.com), the organization that hosts the city’s annual LGBT celebration over Labor Day weekend (first September weekend). “I feel like Quebec City is the perfect place to be part of a gay community that is not too little and you know everyone, but not too big and you feel lost,” he adds. “And the guys are cute!”
Authored By Kelsey Chauvin – See the Full Story at Passport Magazine
Leave Your Comment
All fields marked with "*" are required.That the San Jose Sharks must do something to contend with Ryan Kesler is obvious.
The interesting spin-off is that it may result in more opportunity for the Sedins.
Kesler played arguably the greatest playoff round in Canucks history against Nashville. After going pointless in the first game, he then reeled off an amazing 11 points (5-6) in the final five games of the second-round series. But that was just scoring. He also led the Canucks in just about every other area.
The Sharks may try to get their No. 1 line of Joe Thornton between Patrick Marleau and Devin Setoguchi out against Kesler – hoping that it deflects more of his energies to the defensive side of the puck, as it did with the Jonathan Toews line in the Chicago series.
Vancouver's matchup of choice in the four regular-season games against the Sharks was to sic Manny Malhotra and his third line on Thornton. But with Malhotra's season-ending eye injury that's not an option — so Canucks head coach Alain Vigneault may be OK with Kesler-Thornton when he gets last change in the first two games at Rogers Arena.
San Jose coach Todd McLellan appeared to seek a Thornton-Sedins matchup in the regular season, so we'll see how that shakes out.
The other difference from the Canucks' previous series — and this should also benefit the Sedins — is that San Jose has no true shutdown defence pair like Nashville's all-world Ryan Suter and Shea Weber. Minute-muncher Dan Boyle plays a ton, and after that it gets done by committee.
The Sedins had a miserable time in the Nashville series, Henrik with 1-3 in the six games and Daniel with 1-2.
But the north-south style that this series shapes up to be should benefit Danny and Hank.
NHL Headlines
That the San Jose Sharks must do something to contend with Ryan Kesler is obvious.. Hundreds of satisfied customers were able to rent New York City apartments through our service. If you're looking to rent in Manhattan without trouble, visiting nycdwellers.com is a must. Wide variety of criteria we provide will narrow your search for NYC apartment rentals down to your most desired needs. If you are going to rent apartments in Manhattan, you can’t miss our ultimate apartment guide. We provide freshest and most useful information in your search for apartments for rent in New York City. Learn advanced methods to rent in Manhattan through our website. We are the doorway to a huge number of apartments in New York for rent. Our company maintains the most substantial information base of Manhattan rentals.Earthquake Meeting
Oklahoma Corporation Commissioner Dana Murphy is calling for a Commission meeting on the state's ever-evolving earthquake response. She says it would be an opportunity for all stakeholders to hear first-hand the latest on what's happening in terms of the ongoing research and response. She says there has been a tremendous amount of energy and expertise put into the effort and it's vital that everyone be informed. No date has been announced.Manushag N. Powell, Purdue University
Modernism came from the magazines, Sean Latham tells us.1 So did, depending on whom you ask, the serial novel of the nineteenth century, the character-driven fiction of the eighteenth century, the public sphere, and many widespread conceptions of femininity (masculinity, too) that continue to pursue us today. That sentence sounds glib—these are huge claims—but it is not meant to be; good arguments can be and have been made for all of the above.2 Periodicals can do almost anything. They have been called “the nursery of literary genius” and purveyors of “the deadly dominance of the commonplace.”3 They are certainly both. Periodicals are not discrete; they abound. They are composed by every kind of contributor imaginable and consumed by every kind of reader. They are difficult to talk about, not because they are shallow, but because they contain multitudes, acting as vehicles in which “suffragist debates jostled for space with Picasso . . . Einstein meets Joyce, and . . . a single author might write an article under one name then violently disagree with herself under a different name the very next week” (Latham, p. 409). The variety of content, including advertisements, essays, images, letters, fiction, and reportage, that can be found inside any periodical is both a major advantage of and an obstacle to its study. Two things have become clear to me, having recently finished a book of my own on periodicals. One is that periodicals are inspiring, deeply rewarding objects of study for the feminist literary scholars lucky and persistent enough to manage access to them, for they upend many of the assumptions about writing that disproportionately favor manly discourse. The other is that because of this ability to capsize and contradict, periodicals are exceptionally difficult to discuss coherently. Yet we should try.
To do so, the periodical scholar must take on something approximating John Keats’s notion of negative capability, dwelling in doubt as a methodology.4 She will then learn to embrace her field’s cacophony as an enabling paradox: for almost every sweeping generalization about what periodicals “do,” it is possible to find compelling examples of them doing precisely the opposite. For example, most of the essays in this issue advocate periodical studies in part because they trouble or pressure Romantic and modernist notions of authorship, models that have too often pushed women writers to the margins of respectability; even the feminist hallmark of “a room of one’s own” turns out to be overly narrow when compared to the possibilities for authorship that periodicals can offer (Latham, p. 411). Indeed—and yet this pressure on authorship and canon formation comes from two irreconcilable directions, for periodicals both carve out a cultural space for amateur writers and make it possible for women who want to become “serious” canonical authors to find a remunerative practice to support their careers. It is our task as academic readers to find a way to make such contradictory impulses mutually informing.
It is in our interest to do so as well. If nothing else, it might give us new tools for assessing our own careers, which certainly straddle an awkward balance between respectable and undervalued writing—and even, at least in the case of literary scholars, to find new ways to identify with our authors, for while the differences between scholarly and popular periodical writing are obvious, there are major similarities. Scholars who hesitate (even guiltily, as I have too often done) over Jennie Batchelor’s suggestion that we should perhaps cease to “persist in seeing amateurism as the dirty word professional writers sought to make it at the turn of the nineteenth century” might ask themselves how much they are typically paid for their periodical contributions.5 Much of the best work we do in academia is unremunerated; why should this necessarily trouble us in the work of others? (“The publishers [of The Lady’s Magazine] refused even to pay postage”— well, who doesn’t?6) One value of periodicals is that the category of publication, taken broadly, connects diverse forms and writers; we should try to pursue this connection and stop seeing periodical publication as a reason for suspicion. Feminist scholars have long understood that to prize professional writing over other kinds results, intentionally or not, in a de facto devaluation of women as writers. Amy Erdman Farrell’s essay hints that the cultural step between underrating women writers and underrating all periodical writers may be a perilously short one.7 Yet we struggle with an equal impulse to dismiss writing that is too professional, insufficiently artistic, too clearly created for market popularity or for hyperspecialized audiences, or with financial compensation as its obvious primary goal (and in this impulse, of course, we condemn most of our own periodical product). We reject on aesthetic grounds texts intended to have very broad appeal and are in turn rejected for writing too narrowly ourselves. In short, if “popular” is a bad word, so is “unpopular”; condemnation is always to be preferred to obscurity.
This issue of Tulsa Studies in Women’s Literature, however, functions on the level of form as well as content, and I believe it lives up to its own challenge in becoming, if only for a short period, a periodical about periodicals. Academic journals, even special issues, are miscellanies. Although working within the disarmingly specific topic of Women and Anglo-American Periodicals, the editors of Tulsa Studies in Women’s Literature have collected essays—thoughtful, moving, but diverse—about editing, writing, reading, and buying; essays about the eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, and twenty-first centuries; essays about ambitiously artistic periodicals, news periodicals, popular periodicals, and reader-generated crowdsourced periodicals. This is tremendously exciting. We should, as scholars and readers, exult that it need not be understood as a disadvantage for periodicals to be organized differently from books; that their heterogeneous nature and formal discontinuities provoke unlooked-for associations. The difficulties in navigating periodical archives reward the brave with new methodological possibilities. We should, as Latham urges, “read more adventurously” (p. 425). And so, with an eye to proximity, and to the special challenges of taking periodical reading as its own method, what can we learn from this periodical, about periodical studies? As at least a preliminary attempt to answer, I will suggest five points (organized by proximal relations rather than importance) about the periodical form, periodical authors and editors, and how and why to read them.
One
Even niche publications can matter to and alter cultural history when they are intellectually ambitious. If this seems an obvious point, it is nonetheless a crucial one and hopeful for isolated scholars. “Periodicals” is a loose term, and periodicals are an intensely heterogeneous body. Smaller, carefully curated titles have long nurtured experimental and burgeoning approaches to art and culture. This is, as Amanda Sigler, Barbara Green, and Latham demonstrate here, especially true for modernism, but it has also been the case for other periods and other aesthetic priorities.8 It may well yet come to be a truism of some of today’s blogs, which remind Farrell of “the spectacular flourishing of small feminist periodicals in the early 1970s” (p. 403). As a form, then, periodicals offer us a strange bridge from Samuel Johnson to Ezra Pound, Eliza Haywood to Virginia Woolf to Gloria Steinem. At the same time, we must recall that even the highbrow vehicles have to advertise, find supporters, turn a profit, and above all, circulate to stay alive; if their solutions to these constraints are sometimes different, still, they face similar stresses as their bigger cousins.9
Two
Without neglecting lesson one, we also need to carry within our minds the truth that bulky, popular magazines and newspapers, the ones with “an established place at the newsstand,” matter too (Farrell, p. 398). As I suggest above, periodical studies urge us to embrace the paradoxical. Despite important exceptions, periodicals—considered as a whole class of publications—are far more middle- than highbrow. This fact does not in the least diminish their importance or impede the number of strong writers and thinkers who work within their pages. Sharon M. Harris describes for us the career of Rebecca Harding Davis, who was proud to write for the highly regarded Atlantic Monthly but wrote more often for Peterson’s Magazine; the latter had a broader circulation and was a better fit for the modes—gothic and mystery—that Davis chose for leveling her critiques of post-bellum American society.10 From Charlotte Brontë’s wish that she had been “born in time to contribute to the Lady’s magazine,” to the origins of the Broadway musical Chicago in the murder trial coverage of the “sob sister” journalist Maurine Watkins, the essays in this collection acknowledge the myriad paths for periodical work to extend its reach into other genres.11
What these and many other examples tell us is that important authors have important relationships with all kinds of periodicals. Some, like Davis, built careers on the critical respect they earned through periodical publishing; others, like the already famous Gloria Steinem, simply launched their own (Harris, pp. 291-92; Farrell, pp. 396-97). Periodicals of all kinds are therefore worth serious consideration. Writing for periodicals need not be a choice borne of desperation or indicative of some kind of mediocrity to be overcome, by way of trial, by truly great authors. For many writers, including anonymous amateurs and the eventually legendary alike, writing or editing periodicals is a rewarding process, a good fit, a first choice. Since the eighteenth century, the number of now-canonized authors who have worked in periodicals as writers, reviewers, and editors has been so high that we ought simply to accept (by which I mean speak more loudly about) the obvious implication: periodical work is a normal part of the development of authorship.
Three
One reason for periodical work to be at least occasionally ideal is that not every author values an established, steady public persona, and—as a corollary—cultural influence is not limited to traditional modes of authorship. Periodicals can absolutely objectify people and force private lives into the public eye. But (paradox again) they can also function as a way for their subjects to control access to their core identities by offering up a simulacrum of the inner self designed to please and satisfy the public.12 A number of moments in this issue show women using periodicals to adjust the way different kinds of texts and personas interact, and from a surprising number of angles.
For example, celebrities who become periodicalists may have more power than celebrities who do not. This is especially true for female celebrities, who might even finesse a way for more than their bodies to have media representation. Jamie Libby Boyle shows that the performance of periodical writing, in which an author can craft a recurring persona to appear before the public at planned intervals, has much in common with the performance of acting and may in some ways be more liberating. Boyle’s case study, Cornelia Otis Skinner, modifies the public’s perception of her character by writing in a style that is—in contrast to her “refined and regal” acting persona—“blundering and artless,” vulnerable, but also funny and winning (p. 372). Jean Marie Lutes uses periodicals to construct a gripping examination of women journalists-turned-playwrights, famous murderesses and the emotional states thereof, performative character, and dramatic achievement all intersecting in the 1920s (or, in short, “discourse on love, gin, guns, sweeties, wives, and husbands”13). In her elucidation of the importance of emotive writing to the reputations of newspaper women,14 Lutes also puts her finger on the important connection between drama and periodical writing: while periodicals are more readily associated with their ability to cultivate fiction, periodicals have long nurtured drama as well through reviews and performative writing.
But periodicals do not have to revolve around celebrity at all, and one needs no popular status to work within their pages. On the flip side of Farrell’s exploration of the many ways intractable advertisers can seriously harm professional journalism, Batchelor points out that amateur writers— and this category certainly includes women—may have more autonomy in some aspects than writers who depend on reasonable pay for their literary labors, precisely because amateurs have nothing at stake beyond the gratification of their own whims. Thus, silence and non-response from contributors should be understood as a form of communication, especially in the great many cases in which readers and contributors overlap (Batchelor, p. 253). At the same time, we have authors like Beatrice Hastings, who ran through positions and pseudonyms at will and tilted at windmills of her own construction (Latham, pp. 409-10). Hastings discovered a means by which periodicals might enable a single writer to multiply her influence exponentially provided that she lets go of her core identity.
If I may be allowed a point 3a to this overlong lesson, it would be that editors of all stripes and sexes matter, even the unsung and semianonymous ones. This is true of the probably-male editors of the Lady’s Magazine and the definitely-male editors of the Ladies’ Home Journal, who took it upon themselves to determine what should pass as both women’s writing and women’s reading (Batchelor, p. 248; Farrell, p. 396). Or consider Marian Evans’s appearance in this issue, not as George Eliot, but as an “amateur” (in the sense of unofficial) editor. Fionnuala Dillane reminds us that women can have profound influence on periodical development in ways that are not easily made visible, as in Marian Evans’s stint as the crucial, hardworking, and unpaid editrix of the intellectual Westminster Review, sharing the frustrations of dealing with—but not the applause of— men like Charles Dickens. Despite the fact that Evans was unpaid, Dillane makes a convincing case that we should regard her as by far the more capable professional than the official editor, John Chapman; she not only handled touchy (male) contributors with aplomb and acted as a beauteous copyeditor who warned her authors that “Print is like broad daylight—it shews specks which the twilight of manuscript allows to pass unnoticed,” but she also profitably restructured the magazine itself to showcase its innovative discourses on national literatures.15 In the next era, Margaret Anderson (and Jane Heap), who understood better than most the revolutionary aesthetic potential of editing a miscellany magazine, butted heads with Ezra Pound over the mission of The Little Review—and won (Latham, pp. 407-08).
Four
Speaking of the editorial burden and editorial power, while it is important that we read periodicals at all, how we read them is also important. When it comes to trying to understand periodicals, the optimal, or at least prudent, choice is to do the reading ourselves instead of relying upon reviews and digests from other critics. Periodicals are complicated beasts, and because priorities are given to other, more containable genres such as fiction, drama, and poetry, critics have not, historically, had good models for unpacking them. It can be better, and often more fun, to start from scratch.16 It is also true that the digital aspects of research can be a doubleedged sword, since electronic access actually encourages readers to navigate with keywords instead of defaulting to reading in context. So where do we get our periodicals, and which versions, or how much of them, should we read? This is a quandary with, as yet, only partial solutions.
Digital archives, such as Brown University and the University of Tulsa’s jointly sponsored Modernist Journals Project, matter tremendously, but we must never forget that most of the periodicals we study were once consumed as material objects, palpable paper technologies with a different presence from their online avatars. Farrell shows how the layout of a magazine’s content, and the contrast between what is highlighted on the cover and what is buried, can counteract some of the carnivalesque potential of periodical miscellany. This happened when the first incarnation of Ms. Magazine downplayed and hid essays “about poor women, women in jail, uneducated women, and women of color” in a doomed attempt to balance the demands of advertisers that they reach “quality” readers against the magazine’s editorial goal of becoming an inclusive space for all women (Farrell, p. 399). Consequently, all periodical scholars must “pay careful attention to the financial underpinnings of the text” they want to understand (Farrell, p. 401). To excerpt an article from virtually any commercial magazine may risk losing crucial cultural information about how different components of the periodical’s readership were intended to interact with its content.
Heading back to the original formats can not only inform but also reinvigorate our readings of previously excerpted works if, play-acting at being original readers, we treat contiguous essays and paratexts as interpretive lenses. Sigler’s revisitation of Mrs. Dalloway as The Dial’s “Mrs Dalloway in Bond Street” makes Woolf’s story, which is itself concerned with circulation and economy and even the circulation of other literary items, into a circulable item on its own. (“THE DIAL is not only a gift but a compliment,” Woolf’s readers would have been told.17) Periodicals have a tendency towards self-reflexivity that seems to surpass that of other genres; approaches such as Sigler’s recapture the importance of context in close reading.
It is because of such suggestive readings that both Green and Latham address the perpetual problem of the periodical archive: digitization increases access, but it is still crucial to keep an eye on the digital archives for legibility and completeness, making sure, as much as possible, that advertisements, design matters, and other paratextual elements come through untrammeled and untrimmed. The contents that surround any particular periodical piece—letters to the editor, other articles, advertisements— all affect how the piece was experienced by its readers. This is something authors and editors know perfectly well; and it is a valid reason to push for, and to support by using, wider access to unexpurgated periodicals wherever we can.
Five
Finally, studying periodicals is good for feminism, and we must neither dismiss nor restrict ourselves to so-called “women’s magazines” in so doing. In the matter of designating (or dismissing) something as a “women’s periodical,” the real story is often more complex. Periodicals supposedly for and by women often involve male writers and editors and almost always have at least a few male readers (Batchelor, pp. 248-49). Print culture and reading, therefore, are not easily sexable. In complicated ways, however, they also have something important to do with constructing social images of femininity (Green, p. 430). If, as Boyle puts it, “To be a modern woman . . . is to be forever in front of a judgmental audience,” should all modern women strive to become periodicalists? (p. 381). Indeed, it might be salutary to contemplate what would happen if most women, or even most people, thought of themselves first in terms of textual, and only secondarily in terms of visual, representation. (This may explain Twitter.) Setting aside for a moment the special case of periodicals meant just for women, it is also true that periodical study is methodologically helpful for scholars interested in recovery and other feminist projects. Green’s thoughtful review essay follows Latham and Robert Scholes in emphasizing the heterogeneous and “mixed” nature of most periodicals.18 Periodicals “make things messy,” says Green, but most periodical scholars would agree that on the balance, it is a good kind of messy (p. 438). They invite interdisciplinary study, which in turn, by its very nature, can lead us to question received wisdom about women authors and women’s issues. Green recognizes simultaneously the key role of periodicals, especially women’s magazines and magazines run by women (which are not the same thing), in “constructing ideas of modern femininity (often in relation to the identity of the consumer)” (p. 429). She also observes that periodical studies more generally can have a rejuvenating effect on their scholars (in Green’s case, modernist critics) because they bring to the fore new texts, new authors, and new questions—and new ways to ask them (pp. 429-31). Periodicals work as the connective tissue in studies of modern societies, pulling together seemingly disparate communities and interests. The women who run and read periodicals are indispensable components of those interstitial spaces that allow cultural moments to converge and interact.
These are, of course, only suggestions. One could easily read this issue with an eye for different continuities, other themes: gender and modernism, for example; or the role of the magazine versus other types of periodicals; perhaps the relationship between performance and celebrity culture and how periodicals might reveal that relationship to us in new lights. One thing, though, remains certain: academics are periodicalists. In supporting periodical studies, we have the potential to recover the rich legacy of our subjects while laying the groundwork to revalue the nature of our labor as readers, writers, and editors—to reclaim our own place in literary history.
NOTES
Unless otherwise noted, all article citations are from Tulsa Studies in Women’s Literature, 30, No. 2 (2011), and after the first reference, will be cited parenthetically in the text.
1 Sean Latham, “The Mess and Muddle of Modernism: The Modernist Journals Project and Modern Periodical Studies,” 407.
2 Dear reader, an exhaustive list would be deadly to us both, but see, for example, Richard Altick, The English Common Reader: A Social History of the Mass Reading Public, 1800-1900 (Chicago: University of Chicago Press, 1957); Graham Law, 449 Serializing Fiction in the Victorian Press (Basingstoke: Palgrave, 2000); Robert D. Mayo, The English Novel in the Magazines, 1740-1815 (Evanston, IL: Northwestern University Press, 1962); J. Paul Hunter, Before Novels: The Cultural Contexts of Eighteenth-Century English Fiction (New York: Norton, 1990); Jürgen Habermas, The Structural Transformation of the Public Sphere: An Inquiry into a Category of Bourgeois Society, trans. by Thomas Burger with Frederick Lawrence (Cambridge: MIT Press, 1989); Kathryn Shevelow, Women and Print Culture: The Construction of Femininity in the Early Periodical (New York: Routledge, 1989); Gillian E. Hanscombe and Virginia L. Smyers, Writing for their Lives: The Modernist Women, 1910-1940 (London: Women’s Press, 1987); Ros Ballaster, Margaret Beetham, Elizabeth Frazer, and Sandra Hebron, Women’s Worlds: Ideology, Femininity and the Woman’s Magazine (London: MacMillan, 1991); Shawn Lisa Maurer, Proposing Men: Dialectics of Gender and Class in the Eighteenth-Century English Periodical (Stanford: Stanford University Press, 1998); and Peter Jackson, Nick Stevenson, and Kate Brooks, Making Sense of Men’s Magazines (Cambridge: Polity, 2001).
3 Walter Graham, English Literary Periodicals (New York: Thomas Nelson and Sons, 1930), 13; and Charles Austin Beard and Mary Ritter Beard, America in Midpassage (New York: MacMillan, 1939), 741.
4 For his definition of negative capability, see John Keats to George and Tom Keats, 21, 27 (?) December 1817, in Selected Letters of John Keats, ed. Grant F. Scott, rev. ed. (Cambridge, MA: Harvard University Press, 2005), 60.
5 Jennie Batchelor, “‘Connections, which are of service . . . in a more advanced age’: The Lady’s Magazine, Community, and Women’s Literary Histories,” 261.
6 Batchelor, “Connections, which are of service,” 253.
7 Amy Erdman Farrell, “From a Tarantula on a Banana Boat to a Canary in a Mine: Ms. Magazine as a Cautionary Tale in a Neoliberal Age,” 393-405.
8 Amanda Sigler, “Expanding Woolf’s Gift Economy: Consumer Activity Meets Artistic Producation in The Dial,” 317-42; Barbara Green, “Around 1910: Periodical Culture, Women’s Writing, and Modernity,” 429-39; and Latham, “The Mess and Muddle of Modernism,” 407-28.
9 See Farrell on Ms. Magazine’s struggles with its advertisers as a warning sign for the challenges soon to become an obstacle to periodical writing as a whole (pp. 401, 403); Sigler on the attempts of The Dial to balance aesthetics and the need for subscribers (pp. 328-34); and also Fionnuala Dillane, “‘The Character of Editress’: Marian Evans at the Westminster Review, 1851-54,” on the challenges of the Westminster Review (pp. 272-77).
10 Sharon M. Harris, “The Anatomy of Complicity: Rebecca Harding Davis, Peterson’s Magazine, and the Civil War,” 291-315.
11 Charlotte Brontë is quoted in Batchelor, “Connections, which are of service,” 262. Maurine Watkins is discussed throughout Jean Marie Lutes, “Tears on Trial in the 1920s: Female Emotion and Style in Chicago and Machinal,” 343-69.
12 See Jamie Libby Boyle, “A Chameleonic Character: Celebrity, Embodiment, and the Performed Self in Cornelia Otis Skinner’s Magazine Monologues,” on Skinner and her strategic deployment of vulnerable confessions, especially 372-73.
13 Watkins quoted in Lutes, “Tears on Trial in the 1920s,” 343.
14 See especially, Lutes, “Tears on Trial in the 1920s,” 345-46, 350, 363-64.
15 Marian Evans quoted in Dillane, “The Character of Editress,” 280.
16 See, for example, Batchelor’s problem that “The Lady’s Magazine has been commonly and problematically assessed in precisely the terms offered up by its lessthan- reliable editors” (p. 246).
17 Advertisement for The Dial quoted in Sigler, “Expanding Woolf’s Gift Economy,” 333.
18 See Latham and Robert Scholes, “The Rise of Periodical Studies,” PMLA, 121 (2006), 517-31.Englewood, CO Rental Homes and Apartments for Rent
Search rentals in Englewood, CO. At RentalGuide.net, we have comprehensive rental listings to help you find Englewood apartments for rent. You can also find rental houses and condos. Click on a listing to view details, or refine your search for Englewood apartments to search by price, beds and other criteria.
 remained in the back before he and Barrett pulled him out of the driver’s side and both hit him before they got back into the vehicle and Barrett drove off. They stopped to pick up the other two further down the road..
However it was subsequently seen again in Centenary Way driving over the speed limit. Officers again followed but its lights were then turned off..
The court was told at the time Ormsby was on licence from a sentence for burglary for which he has since been recalled. Both had previous convictions for robbery...
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.Now Playing
Podcasts & RSS Feeds
Connect with Us
Behind the Mics
NPR Story
3:21 pm
Fri November 25, 2011
Political Protests In Egypt Intensify, Expand
Originally published on Fri November 25, 2011 3:55 pm
9(MDA3OTk3MDc5MDEzMTM2MjU1NzMyZGE4NA004))
Transcript
GUY RAZ, HOST:
From NPR News, this is ALL THINGS CONSIDERED. I'm Guy Raz.
In Egypt today, the ruling military council named a new prime minister. At the same time, protestors marched through Cairo. But those protesters now represent two very different groups. The far larger one opposes the military and wants the generals to step aside. The other took to the streets for the first time today, in full support of the military.
NPR's Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson has our story from Cairo.
(SOUNDBITE OF PROTESTERS)
SORAYA SARHADDI NELSON, BYLINE: Protestors jammed downtown Cairo streets, blocking traffic as they urged people watching from their windows to join them in their bid to oust Egypt's military rulers.
One of the protestors was Karim Ennarah, a researcher at the Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights.
KARIM ENNARAH: I'm happy that we've at least destroyed the myth that the revolution is over and that we can't get more than 1,000 people on the streets anymore. It happened overnight and we proved to them that the revolution is still alive. And I know that this has shaken the military's confidence massively.
NELSON: But unlike the uprising in January that ousted Mubarak, few people came down to join the marchers. What was also different is that security forces stayed away, allowing the group to march unimpeded to join the throng in Tahrir Square.
(SOUNDBITE OF PROTESTERS)
NELSON: A half-hour away in the neighborhood of Abbasiya, pro-military protestors held their own mass demonstration, captured here on Egyptian State TV. It was the first time since the crisis began last weekend that supporters of the ruling military council came out in force. They exemplified the growing frustration among many Egyptians with the anti-regime protestors, who are blamed for a failing economy and insecurity.
The rival demonstrations highlight the strife that is likely to plague Egypt for months to come, as people decide who will lead them after the military steps down.
Also fueling the discord was the appointment of Kamal el Ganzouri to be the new prime minister. Protestors quickly created banners denouncing Ganzouri, who was prime minister under Hosni Mubarak in the 1990s.
(SOUNDBITE OF POTESTERS)
NELSON: Thirty-three-year-old Noha Khalil is a protestor in Tahrir Square who works for a telecommunication company.
NOHA KHALIL: Though I respect the guy a lot, I just think that he is not the right man for the job. He is not somebody coming out of this Tahrir Square or anywhere in Egypt, where there are people crying out for freedom.
NELSON: Ganzouri immediately tried to reassure his critics.
KAMAL EL GANZOURI: (Foreign language spoken)
NELSON: At a news conference broadcast on Egyptian state television, he stressed he would not have taken the job if he felt the ruling military council didn't plan to hand over power to an elected government. He also invited critics and supporters to put forth names for his new cabinet.
(SOUNDBITE OF PROTESTERS)
NELSON: But protestors in Tahrir had their own ideas as to who should run Egypt now. Many called up for setting up a civilian council made up of potential presidential candidates and personalities, representing a wide spectrum of political forces.
The military rulers did not respond to that demand, nor did the prime minister designate, who said he wouldn't form a new cabinet before the first phase of parliamentary elections that begin on Monday.
Many protestors want the voting to be delayed. Forty-one year-old protestor Amal Bakry says she's wavering about whether to vote, because of this week's clashes between protestors and police near the interior ministry that left dozens of people dead.
AMAL BAKRY: I don't think it's an appropriate time or situation to have the elections because if - I mean, the whole situation is between the citizens and the ministry of interior. And they are the ones who are guarding the elections. How could it be?
NELSON: Meanwhile, officials announced the first phase of parliamentary elections would be extended an extra day to give more voters the chance to cast ballots.
Soraya Sarhaddi Nelson, NPR News, Cairo. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.Ben Cushing
2014-07-11
So glad I found this patch! Was getting weird duplicate Artist names such as "U2mon", "U2ve", "u2mi" and so on instead of just "U2" as there seemed to be a problem in determining the AAC tag name. Started raking around the code myself then figured this might be the issue.
I seem to have quite a lot of AAC files so this for me is pretty critical.
Justin Maggard
2014-07-12
Applied to git master. Thanks!
Justin Maggard
2014-07-12In the mood for some mystery? If you haven’t been to People’s Light and Theatre Company for one of their latest and greatest shows then it’s time to get in on the theatrical action.
Their next production, Mr. Hart & Mr. Brown, is set in the roaring twenties. The performances debut on July 18th and will run at various times on Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays until August 19. With so many viewing options, there’s no reason not to snag tickets to the play that tells a story of the volatile meeting between two men of mysterious backgrounds. If you’re already curious, then you must attend to find out what happens when a young newspaper reporter who smells a story is thrown into the mix.
This play, written by Bruce Graham, deserves a front row seat. You won’t want to miss a grueling second of the play’s journey that reveals the gray area between Good and Evil. With Pete Pryor in the director’s chair, the story is bound to intrigue as it weaves through freedom of the press issues with a hint of Old West myth. A play that can be most appreciated where plays belong (on the stage), you have no choice but to grab your mystery, thrill-loving friends and head to People’s Light and Theatre.
Head there early for the July 21st show and you’ll get the added bonus of an Open House at The Farmhouse. From 12 to 4 p.m., you can meet the staff and mingle! Light refreshments will be served, courtesy of The Farmhouse Bistro. Afterwards, grab a few more drinks or maybe a meal until the show starts at 8 p.m. If interested, RSVP to Director of Sales and Catering, Betsy Iovino, at 610.647.1631 x 156 or iovino@peopleslight.org.. Muslim religious educator Harry Harun Behr promotes openness in theology. Stefan Toepfer spoke to him about violence, teaching Islam, the fight against radicalisation and the "Charlie Hebdo" caricatures
As part of an international youth movement, members of the Federation of Muslim Boy and Girl Scouts of Germany want to make their own specific contribution to peace and understanding. The organisation has existed since 2010. By Arnd ZickgrafI was given a cookbook yesterday by a dear friend (thanks Bri!) and couldn’t wait to try it out. It’s Nestle Classic Recipes, and these bars just had to be made immediately. I love white chocolate. There aren’t nearly enough recipes out there that include it. This one paired it with two other amazing flavors. Raspberry and almond. Yuuuuuum! I was particularly interested in the “grease and sugar” instructions for the pan. I’ve never seen that before. Worked great. The sugar blended with the buttery crust and gave it a nice sweet crunch on the exterior of these bars.
Also intriguing to me was the lack of baking powder or baking soda in the recipe. I wasn’t sure how that was going to turn out, but the results were fantastic. A not-at-all-cakey, sweet and buttery almond bar with hints of jam just poking thru the top white chocolate layer. Delicious!
1/2 cup (1 stick) butter
2 cups (12-ounce package) white chocolate chips, divided
2 large eggs
1/2 cup granulated sugar
1 cup all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon almond extract
1/2 cup raspberry jam
1/4 cup toasted sliced almonds
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Grease and sugar (yes, sugar not flour) a 9-inch square baking pan.
Melt butter in a medium, microwave-safe bowl on high power for 1 minute; stir. Add 1 cup white chocolate chips, let stand. Do not stir.
Beat eggs in large mixer bowl until foamy. Add sugar; beat until light lemon colored, about 5 minutes. Stir in chocolate/butter mixture. Add flour, salt and almond extract; mix at low speed until combined. Spread 2/3 of the batter into the prepared pan.
Bake 16-19 minutes or until light golden brown around edges. Remove from oven and place on a wire rack.
Heat jam in small, microwave safe bowl on high for 30 seconds until easily spreadable. Spread jam over warm crust. Stir remaining 1 cup chocolate chips into remaining batter. Drop spoonfuls of batter over jam. Sprinkle with almonds.
Bake for 25-30 minutes or until edges are browned. Cool completely in pan on wire rack. Cut into bars.
Makes 16 bars.
Hi Tonya! I made these for a brunch we had and they were wonderful just like you said! Thanks for all the great recipes.
You are so welcome! I’m glad you enjoyed these!
Pingback: Nestle Raspberry Chocolate
Fabulous!!!!!!!!
Pingback: Chunky Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter Cookies « BakerladyVidep Game: Tales Of The Tempest
Inexact title. See the list below. We don't have an article named VidepGame/TalesOfTheTempest, exactly. We do have:
- Characters/Tales Of The Tempest
- VideoGame/Tales Of The Tempest
- WMG/Tales Of The Tempest
- YMMV/Tales Of The Tempest
If you meant one of those, just click and go. If you want to start a VidepGame/TalesOfTheTempest page, just click the edit button above. Be careful, though, the only things that go in the Main namespace are tropes. Don't put in redirects for shows, books, etc.. Use the right namespace for those.Part.
Jim Cameron?
Hey I’m English and I hate Stilton!
Sweet God – I’m seeing Paxton in a whole new light now:
It’s a veritable 80s-gasm. I’m sure Slider from Top Gun’s in there somewhere.
During the entire course of this episode, I was expecting Bill Paxton to just say, “You son of a bitch,” and punch one of the guys.
I love this podcast. You guys are great. Love Bill Paxton. Amazing
Oh ya….episode was split in two.Mike Florio kicks off PFT Live talking about Carson Palmer’s predicament in Cincinnati. He breaks down owner Mike Brown’s comments regarding Palmer, makes a prediction on where he thinks Palmer will end up and analyzes Jay Feely’s tweet regarding Palmer.This video is no longer available. Click here to watch more NBC Sports videos!
PFT Live: Carson Palmer’s predicament
Posted by NBCSports.com on July 27, 2011, 3:47 PM EDT
Permalink 4 CommentsEmail
Latest Stories in: Cincinnati Bengals, PFT Live, Videos
4 Responses to “PFT Live: Carson Palmer’s predicament”
Mostly wrong, as usual. Mike Brown is making this stand not because he wants to ward any renegotiation of bargain players (which has never even been requested from the team), but because he does not want people to force their way offf a team that has had 18 losing seasons out of the last 20. Moreover, the fact that NFL long-term contracts (which are actually separate year to year multiple contracts) can be terminated by the team and not by the player is obviously not a secret and that is why there are things called signing bonuses and guarantees. So his statement has nothing to do with the end of the CBA negotiations but because it was the only time that these issues were relevant now that the lock-out was over. Lastly, the Bengals have $34 million in cap space WITH Palmer, so that is no worry.
Mike Brown wouldn’t have this problem if he’d put a decent team on the field….
Enjoy the beach Carson.
Mike Brown is a hypocrite…He’s released MANY players under contract. What happened to those promises?
If I had 80 Mil in the bank and lost my love of the game cause of the city/team I was drafted on, hell I’d move with my beautiful wife back to the bay area and spend my time drinking on the water too.In January, 10 members of the United Mine Workers of America, including several West Virginia miners, were arrested in St Louis, Mo., following a protest outside of Peabody Energy headquarters. More than 1,000 miners were protesting the possible loss of pension and health care benefits for roughly 20,000 retired miners and their dependents in the wake of Peabody’s decision to create a subsidiary known as Patriot Coal.
After spinning off Patriot Coal and offloading more than $500 million in pension and health benefits onto it, top officials at Peabody and Arch Coal, then announced that Patriot would go into bankruptcy, raising the very real possibility that the miners’ health and pension benefits would be eliminated in bankruptcy proceedings. Some union workers say this is a calculated move on the part of the coal companies to weaken the unions.
“It’s an attack,” says West Virginia AFL-CIO president Kenny Purdue. “[Protecting union members] just gets tougher every day.”
Such union-busting practices have become more common as the influence of unions have waned in the U.S. in recent years, says Ken Fones-Wolf, the Stuart and Joyce Robbins Chair in history at West Virginia University.
In fact, the number of union members nationwide and in West Virginia has declined drastically in recent years. In 2012, the number of union workers in West Virginia dropped by more than 9,000, reaching its lowest level in almost three decades, according to the U.S. Department of Labor. A recent report from the Associated Press suggests a continuing downturn in unionized jobs in the state as a result of competition from natural gas drilling, an industry known for bringing in outside workers.
Some experts say the decline in union membership means fewer decent-paying jobs in West Virginia, growing economic inequities and heightened political clout for corporate interests that can buy votes with money. However, employers defend the hiring of non-union workers for competitive reasons.
With its recent spin-off from Peabody, Patriot Coal is now responsible for the benefits of more than three times the number of retirees and inactive employees than it actually employs, says Jamie Orf, vice president of investor relations for Patriot Coal. And that makes it more difficult to honor retiree obligations.
Fones-Wolf said the decline in union numbers is due to both structural changes in the American economy — the movement away from a manufacturing base and toward a service economy — as well as the efforts of U.S. employers to weaken unions and avoid dealing with them. He notes that while unions had a strong presence in manufacturing, they have traditionally been much weaker in service jobs, such as retail stores and food service.
In some cases, employers are “moving plants to non-union states and non-union areas,” Fones-Wolf says. In other cases, they have moved plants overseas, and in still others, there is a concerted effort to “sort of chip away at the labor laws of this country that protect a worker’s right to choose unions,” he adds. The law recently passed by the Wisconsin state legislature’s to strip workers of their collective bargaining rights is an example of this.
Union membership reached its height in the United States in 1950s and 1960s, after the National Labor Relations Act established collective bargaining and fair working conditions for many workers. Union membership soared, and one in every three workers in America belonged to a union.
At present, only 11.3 percent of the workforce in America is unionized, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The rate of public-sector employees who are union members is five times higher than those in the private sector. For example, teachers, firefighters and other public employees are far more likely to belong to a union than workers employed by a private company.
For West Virginia, a historically poor, working-class state, the impact of declining union numbers means a widening gap between poverty and plenty.
“If you take away the middle class – these blue collar jobs that were once middle class jobs – then the tax rate shrinks, the resources that states have for education or infrastructure improvement shrink along with it, so it’s not just bad for those blue collar families, it’s bad for the state,” Fones-Wolf says.
It also widens the divide between those who have a voice in the state’s governance and those who don’t. Corporate interests, such as the coal and gas industries, are very powerful in West Virginia because they have the resources to buy politicians’ votes. With weakened unions, there are fewer checks on the power of big corporations.
“We love to talk about a democracy where everybody has an equal voice, but those that have a lot of money have a lot more influence than those that don’t,” Fones-Wolf says.You Are God’s Precious Jewel
“‘They shall be Mine,’ says the LORD of hosts, ‘On the day that I make them My jewels.'” Malachi 3:17
Jewels are precious things; the Hebrew word for jewels means a treasure. A treasure is made up of costly things: gold, and diamonds and rubies. To God, Christians are His jewels, His own special treasure!
They are jewels for their sparkling quality.
Their holiness shines and sparkles in God’s eyes! They “shine like stars in the universe.” (Phil 2:15)
The godly are jewels for their scarcity.
Diamonds are not common. In the same way, the godly are scarce and rare. There are only a few to be found. There are many false professors (just as there are many fake diamonds) but few true Christians.
“Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it. But small is the gate and narrow the road that leads to life, and only a few find it.” (Matt 7:13-14)
The godly are jewels for their price.
God values the saints so highly that He parted with His best jewel to obtain them — Christ’s precious blood was shed to ransom these jewels! “With your blood you purchased men for God from every tribe and language and people and nation.” (Rev 5:9)
Christians are jewels for their beauty.
Christians are jewels which adorn the world. Hypocrites dishonor true religion and give it a bad name but living a godly life honors the gospel. “Let your light shine before men, that they may see your good deeds and praise your Father in heaven.” (Matt 5:16)
God the Father has chosen these jewels, and has set them apart for Himself.
Christ has bought these jewels with His blood.
The Holy Spirit has sanctified them.
They were sin but He made them into His jewels! Thank God who has brought such a change in you! From lumps of dirt and sin — He has made you into His jewels!
– Thomas WatsonThere are some things that can’t be learned in a classroom. Skills and experiences that can only be nurtured through rolling up your sleeves, reaching out your hand, and meeting the needs of others. Departments and programs across the Eberly College of Arts and Sciences work year in and year out to provide these opportunities for students where they can step outside themselves and truly develop hearts, and hands, for service.Read the Full Story
For decades, possibly dating all the way back to 1916, the phrase “pay it forward” has been a part of American society. Variations of the adage have been used throughout history by poets, leaders, and philanthropists. At West Virginia University, three professors have taken that philosophy and built their research and service projects around the belief that helping one another can spread throughout society and create a movement that strengthens West Virginia’s education system.Read the Full Story
It has long been the belief at West Virginia University that success is bred through a solid foundation of education, dedication, and focus. But for so many students in the state, attending college remains a dream still out of grasp. The desire to pursue further study is a step in the right direction.Read the Full StoryThe Chancellor’s Parent Cabinet (Parent Cabinet) will serve as a mechanism for parent leaders to inform and
work with the Chancellor regarding decisions on programs and policies that affect our schools.
Meeting Goals
1) Establish group understanding and norms on working together
2) Generate shared areas of focus for agenda going forward
View Past Events >
Learn more about innoMAYtion.- 4
- people in the U.S. have this name View Dianna Tompkins on Whitepages
Meaning & Origins
The meaning of this name is unavailable
English: patronymic from a pet form of the personal name Thomas.
Nicknames & variations
Dianne, Diane, Diana, Diann, Dian, Diannia, Diania, Dianah, Diannah, Diani
Tompson, Timpson, Tompsett, Tempson, Tompkin, Tampkins, Tumpson, Thmpson, Tomplait, TompaRegis University
Avery’s New Facility Ups The Ante In Competitive Craft Brewing Market
What started out as a hobby for Adam Avery is now a full-blown, multi-million dollar craft beer enterprise..
WWII Vet Gets Honorary Degree From Regis University
A World War II Bronze Star veteran who was sent to Europe before he could graduate from college now has an honorary degree from Denver’s Regis University.
Regis Students Hold Vigil For Slain Mexican Students
Regis University students and faculty held a candlelit vigil for students feared dead in Mexico and called on the Mexican government to punish their killers.
False Alerts Give Students Scare On 2 Metro Area Campuses
It was a frightening morning after two false alerts were sent to thousands of students at two Denver metro area campuses, one of them was placed on lockdown.
Top Ways To Celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month In Denver
Celebrate one of the largest and most diverse cultures in the world with Hispanic Heritage Month from September 15 through October 15.
Peter Simon Donates Grand Piano To Regis University Ahead Of Concert
Regis University is now the proud owner of a grand piano donated by global concert pianist Peter Simon.
Young Cancer Patients Make Leap To College Sports At Regis
Two elementary school students have made the big leap to college teams after the Regis University athletic program welcomed them on Wednesday.
Colorado National Guard Works To Defend The State’s Computer Networks
Members of the Colorado National Guard spent the weekend in Denver preparing for cyber attacks.
.Welcome to Melissa Archer's Official Site! Melissa is best known for her portrayal of Natalie Buchanan on One Life to Live, playing the role from 2001 until its final episode in 2013. In 2014, she joined the cast of Days of Our Lives and her first appearance was on December 5, 2014.
Actor WordPress theme | LoginMildred Nance, 94, of Fort Smith died Tuesday, Aug. 12, 2014. She was born Aug. 16, 1919, in Jenny Lind. She was a retired sales representative for Stanley Home Products and a member of Grand Avenue Baptist Church. She was the widow of Leon Nance.
Funeral will be 10 a.m. Saturday at Edwards Funeral Home Chapel with burial at Jenny Lind Cemetery.
She is survived by two daughters, Kay Dishner of Pottsboro, Texas, and Norma Ketcham of Fort Smith; seven grandchildren; 16 great-grandchildren; and two great-great-grandchildren.
Pallbearers will be Derek, Darrell and Cameron Dishner, Curtis and Chase Luper and Preston Davis.
Honorary pallbearers will be the deacons of Grand Avenue Baptist Church.
Visitation will be 5-7 p.m. Friday at the funeral home.
Memorials may be made to Grand Avenue Baptist Church, 3900 Grand Ave., Fort Smith, AR 72904.- Infowars - -
Thoughts From a Libertarian Perspective About Saint Trayvon
Posted By kurtnimmoadmin On July 18, 2013 @ 9:04 am In Old Infowars Posts Style,Tile,U.S. News | Comments Disabled
Eric Peters
lewrockwell.com
July 18, 2013
The one-sided racialism and non-thought I hear endlessly about Saint Trayvon is literally boggling..
Read more
Article printed from Infowars:
URL to article:Vero Beach, FL
755 27th Ave SW
Suite 5
Vero Beach, FL 32968
1st month FREE $49 Enrollment WAIVED
valid through: june 30, 2015
club at a glance
24-hour access
24-hour security
convenient parking
anywhere club access
private restrooms
private showers
tanning
personal training
cardio tvs
hdtvs
health plan discounts
wellness programs
massage services
aesthetician services
cardio equipment
treadmills
elliptical
exercise cycles
stair climbers
spin bikes
row machines
strength equipment
circuit/selectorized
free weights
racks
plate loaded
heavy bag
battle ropes
staff
jason s. wilson
owner
Jason & Stephanie are long-time residents of Vero Beach as well as being members of the club since it opened in 2008! They bought the club in 2011 and continue to promote a friendly, clean atmosphere.
cristina bailes
manager
Hi! My name is Cristina and I am the manager at the club. I am also a certified personal trainer. I love health & fitness and being an NPC competitor!
caitlin langlois
staff
Caitlin is currently going to school for her bachelor's degree. She is a CNA and enjoys helping people. Unlike most people Caitlin is a 3rd degree black belt in Taekwondo and has travelled all over competing and teaching.
Anytime Fitness is the world’s largest 24 hour gym and co-ed fitness center chain
Stop by our Vero Beach, FL health club TODAY! Our staffed hours are:
Monday – Thursday: 10am – 7pm
Friday: 10am - 5pm
Saturday: 10am – 2pm
Sunday: closed to guests, but members can enter ANYTIME!
Always-open convenience of a 24 hour gym
Anytime Fitness of Vero Beach, FL, is the fitness center that fits your on-the-go lifestyle. At our Vero Beach, FL health club, you can exercise any time using your own security-access key! That’s 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. Talk about no more excuses!
Affordable memberships in Vero Beach, FL
It doesn't cost a lot to achieve your health and fitness goals at the Anytime Fitness gym in Vero Beach, FL. For a low monthly fee, you get far more than you’d expect. Come in and see our fitness center for yourself. We’d love to show you around!
All you need, all you want in a 24 hour gym membership
At the Anytime Fitness center in Vero Beach, FL, you will find amazing amenities—including the best fitness equipment available!. Plus, our health club has a friendly and supportive atmosphere. To help you get started, each new member receives a FREE personal fitness orientation!
One membership, thousands of health clubs
At the Anytime Fitness center in Vero Beach, FL, we’re proud to offer the benefit of Anywhere Club Access. With this benefit, you can visit thousands of our fitness centers for the price of a standard monthly gym membership. With Anywhere Club Access, you can exercise whenever—and wherever—it suits you best.Posted January 10, 2012 and updated on January 11, 2012
What’s Your Number?
The most recent home video release of this movie is January 9, 2012. Here are some details…
What’s Your Number releases to home video on January 10, 2012.
Related home video titles:
A womanizer reconsiders his former relationships in The Ghosts of Girlfriends Past. And a woman who has attended multiple weddings as the bridesmaid tries to figure out why she is never the bride in 27 Dresses.UCLA Students Hold Rally After Alleged Hate Crimes Against Asians
Hundreds of UCLA students held a rally against hate Thursday morning following the discovery of racially and sexually offensive messages toward Asian women on campus. KCAL9's Art Barron reports.
.
Phishing attackers will, where the attacker will then steal the user’s login credentials to launch future attacks.
Symantec advises the following:
– Always maintain a level of caution around any messages from within a website or that appear to be sent by a website. When clicking on a link, double-check the actual domain that is shown at the top of the page. It’s best practice to type the direct Web address directly into your address bar rather than rely upon links from a message.
– Use complex passwords and unique ones for each site. A few suggestions:
· Use a combination of uppercase and lowercase letters, symbols, and numbers.
· Make sure your passwords are at least eight characters long. The more characters your passwords contain, the more difficult they are to guess
· Try to make your passwords as meaningless and random as possible
· Use different passwords for each account
· Change your passwords regularly. Set up a routine, changing your passwords the first of each month or every other payday
· Never write your passwords down, and never give them out to anyone
· Don’t use names or numbers associated with you, such as a birth date or nickname
· Don’t use your user name or login name in any form
· Don’t use a derivative of your name, the name of a family member, or the name of a pet
· Avoid using a solitary word in any language
· Don’t use the word password
· Avoid using easily·obtained personal information. This includes license plate numbers, telephone numbers, identity card numbers, your car’s make or model, your street address, etc.
· Don’t answer yes when prompted to save your password to a particular computer. Instead, rely on a strong password committed to memory or stored in a dependable password management program
– Maintain an up-to-date browser and operating system. Use security software, such as Norton Internet Security 2009. Check out web safety services such as Norton Safe Web where a community of web users collaborate to report dangerous phishing and malware sites.
–.
– Be suspicious of requests to enter your account name and password.Disorderly conduct, 2400 block of Donaghey Ave.
A woman called to report that she had been approached by a man in his vehicle while she was riding her bicycle. The victim stated that the man had a map spread across his lap and told her he was a delivery driver and asked for directions to a street that she had never heard of. The victim stated as she approached the vehicle, the man moved the map from across his lap and she saw that he did not have clothing on the lower half of his body. The victim stated that the man put his vehicle in reverse and slowly backed away from her so she would not see his license plate information. The victim described the man as a a forty year old, white male with blonde hair and blue eyes who was driving a black, four door car. The officers have not been able to locate the suspect. An incident report was filed.
Seriously, what is going on now? What causing the increase of perverts? Let's see there's child molesters, a rouge toe sucker and now pee-pee flasher? Can someone please give these middle aged white males some play, so they can stop preying on the fine citizens of Conway.
It's ashame she wasn't caring pepper spray and been ready to use it she could have hosed down he wee-wee and taught him a lesson.
"Close Encounter".
He had vinyl seats.
That'll learn him.
.
Maybe he was showing her his South Pole.
Can we launch some kind of PSA campaign telling women that if a man exposes himself to them then the best response is to point and laugh hysterically? If everyone in Conway did that whenever these pervs exposed themselves then they would give up and go somewhere else!
I couldn't agree more.
only smaller.
It was in no way profane. You can't use basic anatomical terms on here?
(BTW, rhymes with peanuts.)More Page Page Content Organizational & Employee Development Books « Back to Organizational & Employee Development Books A Necessary Evil: Managing Employee Activity on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn . . . and the Hundreds of Other Social Media Sites Assessing Internal Job Candidates Becoming the Evidence-Based Manager: Making the Science of Management Work for You Business Literacy Survival Guide for HR Professionals Business-Focused HR Chief HR Officer: Defining the New Role of Human Resource Leaders Comprehensive, All-in-One HR Operating Guide: 539 Ready to Adapt Human Resource Letters, Memos, Procedures, Practices, Forms . . . and More Cultural Fit Factor Diverse Teams at Work Diverse Teams at Work: Capitalizing on the Power of Diversity <<<>>> Items Per Page: 10 25 50 100 All Page: 1 2 3 4 5 « Back to Organizational & Employee Development Books ADVERTISING LINKSIf you love singing, we would love to hear from you! Hillcrest Congregational Church, located at 404 Gregory Lane, Pleasant Hill, CA, has a small but mighty choir that is working on building all of its sections. We sing medium to advanced music and have one Sunday a month off.
Rehearsals are on Thursdays from 7-9 p.m. in the church sanctuary. If you would be interested in finding out more about our choir, please call the church office at (925) 689-8260 and ask for our Choir Director, Mary, or leave a message including your name, phone number, email, and voice part. We look forward to singing with you!
Hillcrest Congregational Church is an open and affirming United Church of Christ church.Clipart O-negative Blood Donations Needed in the Dakotas By Associated Press October 18, 2013 BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — United Blood Services is looking for people in the region to donate type O-negative blood, in part because of the recent blizzard in the western Dakotas. Read More|Comment Category: Articles Tags: Blood, Blood Supply, Blood Transfusions, Health Send to a friend! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr!Mon - Off. Arrived in New York in the wee hours of Monday morning, so no run before work. No chance during the day.
Tues - 5 miles. A quick couple of laps around Central Park Reservoir, which was packed at 6:00 AM.
Weds - 5 miles. As yesterday. Ho hum.
Thurs - Noon: 9 miles (1,900') easy. Falls - Spring Creek - Stout - Loggers - Carey Springs - Towers - Herrington - Spring Creek - Soderberg - home long. Not sure my legs could have felt any flatter. This is typical for me in the second week of the taper...but still. I almost turned around and went home after a half mile.
Fri - Noon: 9 miles (1,900') easy. Falls - Spring Creek - Stout - Loggers - Carey Springs - Towers - Herrington - Spring Creek - Soderberg - home long. Legs better, but still not where I want them to be.
Sat - AM: 14 miles (1,900') easy. Bluesky/Indian Summer o&b from home with Ryan. Getting better. Still not fresh, but definitely better.
Sun - AM: 7 miles (1,700') easy. From Soderberg - Valley - Sawmill - Loggers - Herrington - Towers - Herrington - Sprig Creek - Soderberg - home long. Couple of layers. Good sweat. Tight hamstrings from weeding yesterday, otherwise legs feel like they're coming around nicely.
Total: 49 miles (7,400')
Well that essentially caps my training for the year. From here on in it will be: race (WS); recover; race (HR); recover; play in the high country on some sweet routes (Glacier Gorge traverse, Rawah traverse, Pingree five peak speed attempt, Mummy Mania speed attempt); race (Sierre-Zinal); recover; race (UTMB); recover; hibernate.
My Dad asked me on the phone this morning what my strategy for next weekend was. After giving his question a bit of thought I realized that I don't really have a strategy. I mean one can plan all they want for these things but in my experience, as long as you have the basic essentials of fueling and hydration figured out, there really shouldn't be too much else to think about. The rest tends to be unnecessary noise and stress. There are a couple of logistical issues to figure out with Nick & Jake, my two pacers, but that can wait for Thursday.
The race will unfold however it unfolds and unless I'm completely out of touch with the reality of my fitness, I'll run the race the day gives me. If the pace is too hot off the front, then I'm not going to kill myself trying to stay in touch. That's how it played out last year, and I'm generally happy with the way I ran. There were guys running way over their head on the re-route around French Meadows (we're talking sub-6 pace), and all I could do was sit back and shake my head while they destroyed their races before it was even one-fifth done. If that kind of silliness transpires again this year, then I'll just have to let it go. Obviously, I hope to be in the mix throughout, but I'd rather finish in fifth with a time and effort that I'm happy with than implode at 80 miles after chasing the lead all day and digging myself a Rucky-Chucky grave. The Western States course is 100 miles long; not 50, not 80, not 90, but 100.
We'll find out on course details in the next couple of days. I'm guessing that we'll run the same course as last year, but have to deal with significantly more snow. Meanwhile, at Red Mountain Pass (11,200') in the San Juans there's a snowpack of just 14 inches left. That should mostly be gone by next weekend. So mega snow in the Sierra Nevadas and primo conditions in the San Juans.
On a side note, the ride from my house to the cabin we're staying at in Squaw Valley is 1,020 miles. If I average 65 mph (including stops), then we're looking at a travel time of 15:42. I wonder if it will take longer to cover 1,000 miles in the car or 100 miles on foot?
Sunday, June 19, 2011
Week Ending June 19
Labels: Pre-race Thoughts, training log
I bet the foot travel is quicker. Let the dumb die early and take names!
No way you'll average 65 unless you drive 90mph + while you're cruising! Best of luck, have a great race! Steve in TX.
As they say Nick! Trust your training. You've been killing it since the start of the year and your healthy. Good luck at WS. Can't wait to follow you guys from back here in Indiana :)
Thanks, Steve. Now you've got my competitive juices flowing.
With stops for gas only and no significant backups, I think it's doable, but then I'm always overly optimistic on drive times. Here's hoping for a rare westbound I-80 tailwind.
I guess you will be limiting my liquid consumption tomorrow...do you have our split times figured out yet ;)
I have a couple of empty two-liter soda bottles for between gas stations. SLC in six hours. If we hit that, then we'll be well on our way.
I think approaching 100s without a real strategy is very wise. Simply too much time and distance for things to go wrong. Run smart Nick. Colorado will be pulling for you.
Ha ha, yeah, I definitely remember the ridiculousness on that French Meadows road last year...even though I was hanging back with you Nick, I remember still worrying that we were going too fast. And then we hit the trail and it felt like everyone started jogging...
Dude, you're ready to crank. Stay smart, problem solve effectively all day, and after Rucky Chucky just be willing to hurt more than anyone else. Not that that is easy or anything...
Thanks, Tony. And, yeah, looking forward to some extended periods of suffering. Or not.
Nick,
All the best on Saturday. I will be following the commentary online and rotting for you and the other Brits. Top 3 at least!
Best of a british!
Best of British even!
Good luck, Nick. You'll run smart and strong. Have fun. By the way, your run will be faster.
Random dude cheering you on from the Midwest- have a great race Nick!
You're a bit faster and stronger than last year so a few sub-6 miles might be perfectly reasonable this time around. We'll be refreshing the online stats all day so throw in a few good splits along the way for the fans back home. Have a great run out there and whatever you do, don't save anything for Hardrock - I want to win our bet:-)
Good luck!
~Wes, from Georgia
nick- hoping you have the legs to drop me upon making the final push up from no-hands to robie:) see ya in a few days.
Have a grand time,a dn hope your son will hold your hand to cross the finish again!
Olga V.
Its all come down to this race. You are ready. Yet, you will still be my hero no matter how it turns out. Can't wait to see it unfold. Best wishes.
Thanks, guys.
Pete - don't worry, there'll be something left in the tank for HR, not much, but something.
Jake - you know that's not happening!
Brandon - you got the wrong bearded, long-haired guy I think, but thanks!
Have fun Nick!
Good luck, Nick! I'm rooting for you!
keep spirit ..! good luck ..
Good luck Nick!
I have absolutely nothing against any of the other runners. Having said that, I want Nick Clark to whoop some ass!!!! Rooting for you all the way from Austin, TX!! Go Nick!!
Interesting blog you got here my friend!
Are you a Zunist?
Kill it and represent!
Any plans for a pre race post?
Hope all your hard work pays off for you at WS Nick. Lets hope all the Brits have a good day. Run with a smile :)
Good luck and have a great race...the Fort is cheering for you!
Well done the Brits, eh? 3,4 and 10 plus first lady. OBEs for all? Well done - try to talk with you later. RC
How about a "team" photograph? DCActiontec Ethernet over Coax MoCA Network Adapter
Introduction
Have you ever been in a situation where you absolutely needed to run an Ethernet cable and you just couldn't run one due to your living situation? Where you first tried wifi (802.11a/b/g/n) and quickly found that wifi, even N wifi, was not stable enough. Then you went on to try alternative connectivity solutions such as Ethernet over power line adapters and they too just didn't cut it? Well Ethernet over coax MoCA adapters might just be the solution for you.
I live in a newer home and the previous owner was 65 years old; she could have cared less about Ethernet cables or even coax for that matter. When I moved into my new home there were only two phone jacks throughout the house, and only one bedroom of the three had coax pulled. Needless to say not a single room in my home had Ethernet pulled. When I was just moving into my home was around the same time I started to get into HTPC's and into whole home audio and digital media. I quickly realized I liked to enjoy my content in any room in my home and wasn't willing to be tied to a single room where the content was. I wanted to be able to go to any room in my home and enjoy my digital media unrestricted. At that time Microsoft Windows Media Center was getting started and that is when the first Windows Media Center Extender was introduced and I quickly saw the need for having Ethernet in each bedroom where my TVs were located (Editor's Note: Those of you who ever tried the built-in wireless from the V1 Extenders will understand why Josh was so adament about ethernet--the wifi in those devices was, well, useless!).
Over the years I was able to strategically add Ethernet and additional coax drops to each of my bedrooms through access in my attic. My family room located on my main floor--between the upstairs where the bedrooms are, and my basement where my home theater is--was the only room left out of the loop for getting an Ethernet cable drop. When I finished off my basement, I ran literally miles of cable inside the walls and ceiling of my basement and attic no location was left untouched, except for my family room above my home theater room. I was so preoccupied with my basement build that when I started to drywall I forgot one thing, to run Ethernet and coax to my TV location in the family room! By the time I was done with the basement, it was just then I realized I forgot to run the cables for my Media Center extender on that TV.
Over the years I tried several Ethernet over power line adapters, I tried Dual band N wireless utilizing the less congested 5Ghz radios and neither solution could muster a reliable amount of bandwidth to support HDTV streaming. It wasn't until recently I was able to test out a new solution--the Actiontec Ethernet over coax MoCA adapters. The beginning of April I got my hands on the Actiontec ECB2200 Ethernet over coax MoCA adapters. Upon arrival I instantly knew where they were going to be tested out--on my Media Center Extender located in my family room where it was laying dormant for months of non-use due to the stability issues with wireless. Instantly I was impressed, but before I go any further I want to cover the specs of the Actiontec hardware, installation and setup.
Background
A little background on MoCA:
If you are a Verizon FIOS customer you may or may not know that you have been using MoCA technology for a few years now. It was not until recently that MoCA has started to become mainstream and vendors started providing products on the market.
Multimedia over Coax Alliance (MoCA) is group of industry professionals joined together to create a specification standard for developing home networking solutions that utilize in-home coaxial cable, most commonly referred to as RG6. RG6 is most widely used in homes for distributing antenna connections to TVs and radios, as well as satellite and cable tv services.
MoCA utilizes that existing coax infrastructure in your home that almost every home in the last two decades has had installed throughout. MoCA adapters, like the Actiontec adapter being reviewing today, utilize the unused 1ghz (1000mhz) microwave band, using OFDM modulation.
MoCA adapters take the Ethernet specification, which utilizes Cat5/Cat6 Ethernet cables and re-modulates it to send the Ethernet signal over the TV coax in your home. Some common use applications for this technology and the use of the MoCA adapters are things like connecting your Xbox360 to your Internet connection where your cable or DSL modem and router may be located several rooms or even several floors away from where your Xbox is located.
Here you can see an example of how you can utilize the Actiontec Ethernet over Coax MoCA network adapter in your home. You have one network adapter located in your Office where your DSL connection is located, along with your router. Run an Ethernet cable from your router into the MoCA network adapter, then connect the MoCA network adapter into your TV coax that runs through out your home.
In each subsequent room you hook up identical MoCA network adapters onto the TV coax in your home, then run a short Ethernet patch cable from your MoCA network adapter to your DVR, a Media Center HTPC, or your gaming console. Once they are all connected each network adapter sees each other and routes traffic to the main network adapter where your Internet connection is. The great thing about this is it extends your home network so any file sharing between devices works as if it was directly connected to your home router or switch.
Specifications and Features
Technical Specifications:
Features:
- Supports full Ethernet speed (10/100 mbps)
- Uses existing coax cabling
- Coexistence with cable TV services
- Up to 16 devices on a single network
Unboxing
The contents of the packaging
Installation guide
The pair of the units, similar to the twin pack you can find on Amazon.com. You can run up to 16 of these units together in a household
Top of the unit with indicator lights
The coaxial side of the unit
The bottom of the unit
Network and power side of the unit
The entire kit unboxed
Installation
It's not all that often I get to review a device that is so simple to setup and easy to use. Out of the box the Actiontec MoCA adapters required zero configuration, making them essentially plug and play. Directly out of the box, I connected one adapter in my media closet, and the other went into my family room connected to my Media Center Extender.
After everything was connected I performed some basic network tests with the Media Center extender. I ran the test for 15 minutes and only once did the graph drop below the minimum threshold for HDTV video.
Installation of the MoCA adapters couldn't have been any easier. Out of the box they were ready to go. If you have ever connected a cable or satellite set top box to your TV, this is about as easy as that gets.
The first unit was installed into my AV closet where my cable modem, router and switch are located. This same area is where I also have my coax distribution block for my entire home so it made it really easy to hook up in my home.
Here we have the coax running into and out of the adapter. What is great is that you can run this between your wall and your TV cable box so that you can get Ethernet into your home entertainment unit easily.
The Actiontec unit side by side with my Linksys DMA-2100 Media Center Extender. They are relatively small and compact, fitting nicely behind much of your AV equipment.
Usage
When I received the devices I knew I wanted to put them through the paces, testing out a variety of every day common uses, but also put them through some non-standard configurations as well. One of those configurations was to see how many coax splitters I could have in-line between each MoCA adapter and then test the throughput performance as well as packet loss. I was able to get up to 5 splitters in-line between the two adapters before I started to see a degradation in the network performance and packet loss. Most homes on average do not have 5 splitters in their home, and if you do I'd probably recommend you re-think your coax infrastructure in your home. For most users 2 or 3 splitters seems to be a pretty common number and with that these devices should work perfect fine for most if not all end users (not including Satellite users that is).
I also tested file transfer performance, and HDTV and Blu Ray streaming with these devices. For the network performance and file transfers I connected my laptop to one side of the MoCA adapters and by pulling down a full 40gig Blu Ray rip from my Windows Home Server (WHS) box I was seeing on average 65Mbps of throughput. In comparison I see about 96Mpbs of throughput on a hard wired 10/100 Ethernet network I setup for comparison.
Over the 60 days I had to test the MoCA adapters I was streaming live HDTV, SD, DVD's, backed up Blu Ray movies all to my media center extender, and not once did I experience an issue with drop outs like I did on 802.11N wifi.
Windows Media Center has a network performance test program for Media Center Extenders which allows you to tune your extender performance as well as monitor bandwidth to make sure it is acceptable for HDTV performance.
The top white horizontal line is minimum acceptable performance for HDTV, the bottom white horrizontal white line is minimum acceptance for SDTV.
The test ran for over 20 minutes and I saw one drop out during the test which was right away; after that I saw no performance degragation for acceptable HDTV playback.
Conclusion
These devices performed just as they should, and couldn't make it any easier. For users looking for an alternative solution to a hard wired Ethernet connection in your living room or bedroom where it is nearly impossible to run an Ethernet cable, devices like the Actiontec MoCA adapters might just be what you are looking for.
PROS:
- Easy to setup
- Zero configuration
- Just work/No fuss
- Faster than wifi
CONS:
- Might be a little expensive for some people
At the time of writing this article, a pair (Twin Pack) of the Actiontec Ethernet over coax MoCA adapters could be found for $158 street price at Amazon.com
Special thank you goes out to Actiontec for providing the review samples and allowing Missing Remote the opportunity to do extensive testing on the units.He was descending the Matterhorn during a climbing trip in the Swiss Alps when a friend mentioned the forthcoming British expedition to Everest.
The 27-year-old statistician decided to apply when he returned to England.
I heard nothing about my application for some weeks, but then got a rather exciting phone call to come and meet John Hunt at the Royal Geographical Society.
It was a bit of luck - I was at the right age at the right time and people like Joe Brown, Don Whillans and Chris Bonington were much too young.
A few years later I wouldn't have had a hope of joining it.
I'd been a humble lieutenant in the Indian army, so the thought of meeting a full colonel was a little bit daunting in those days.
But that feeling didn't last more than 10 seconds. When one met him he was instantly welcoming and friendly.
At the end of that interview I thought that if I was to be refused a place on that expedition, I'd rather take that refusal from John Hunt than from most people.
About 10 days later I was in North Wales with climbing friends at the Pen-y-Gwryd hotel in Snowdonia.
I heard that there were still two places to be filled and four people still in the running, and I also heard I was one of the four.
So there was a nail-biting time for the next 10 days before I got the very exciting letter saying I'd been chosen.
But that arrived the same day as the names of the team were published in the papers.
When I went for my usual morning coffee with the other scientists I got a cheer when I went into the room.
All my colleagues were very pleased - whether my boss was pleased or not I don't know, but since he was a climber I think he was.
Memorable moment
I was one of the first four people to go to the icefall and help prepare that way for the porters using ropes and bits of ladder.
Later on in the expedition I went up to Camp 5 and approached Camp 6, but then got horribly sick with the altitude and other things, so I had to go down.
I spent the rest of the expedition keeping the icefall open, while most of the others were up above it.
The most memorable moment was when Ed Hilary and Tenzing came down from the top. They were only 100 yards [91.4 m] away from the camp when we realised they'd done it - that was a superb moment.
We were all tremendously enthusiastic and rushed forward to shake them by the hand and so on.
That will always stick in my mind.
Then we suddenly realised we could possibly get the news back in time for the Coronation.
So at about 1600 James Morris [the Times correspondent with the expedition] and I started down the icefall - not the most sensible thing I've done from a mountaineering point of view.
By the time we got to the bottom we were very tired indeed and it was getting dark.
Delhi reception
James said to me, "Take the rope off, Mike, I'll follow a little later." I refused - I dragged him on. We both collapsed into our sleeping bags and that was all till the next morning.
It was a great surprise to be met some way out of Kathmandu by a whole tribe of people.
There was a nasty political business in Kathmandu itself - there were cartoons all over the city showing an exhausted Ed Hilary being dragged to the top by Tenzing.
But generally speaking our welcome was very friendly indeed, and even more so in Delhi where Pandit Nehru was our host.
I think every member of the team would have liked to have been to the top - I certainly would.
But we did look upon it very much as a team effort, and the fact that those two got to the top was extremely satisfying.
He was president of the Alpine Club between 1993 and 1995 and now lives in Cumbria with his wife, Sally.
South ColA col, or pass, is a lower gap in the crest of a mountain ridge. The "normal" route up Everest goes via the South Col.
CwmWelsh word for a glacially-scoured bowl in a mountain's side. Also called a corrie (Scottish) or cirque (French).
Top-outReaching the summit of a mountain.NORMAN — Oklahoma coach Lon Kruger looked at his team and scowled.
Rare for a man who hardly raises his voice, yells — and seldom scowls.. On Saturday, Oklahoma will play West Virginia for the second time this season (the first was a non-conference contest at the Old Spice Classic). The first conference game between the teams tips at 3:01 p.m. in Morgantown, W. Va.
At 3:02, there's absolutely no looking back. OU will have a schedule that includes nine more games away from Lloyd Noble Center; a win here and there will do nothing but help the Sooners' NCAA Tournament bid.
That's why practice was visibly different, even if Kruger didn't think so.
“I don't know that it's changed noticeably,” Kruger said. “The start of Big 12, there's a little bit of a different edge to everything. I think across the country when you start conference play, it goes up a notch. Not intentionally, but it's just human nature.
“Not that the pre-conference stuff is less important, but the conference stuff takes on a little more significance because now you've got standings and the round-robin in the Big 12.”
But the last few days of practice were different. More players were holding each other accountable in practice. It seemed the trend was to stare someone else down.
Even senior Steven Pledger said Kruger's coaching tactics had changed.
“Big 12 season is coming up,” Pledger said. “It all counts now.”
Continue reading this story on the...She sometimes even takes our trash and makes something beautiful...like sea glass. Broken shards of glass that would otherwise cut into soft feet are tumbled smooth by the sandy sea water and relentless pounding of the waves....
This
eats this for breakfast...
...and spits out this!
It also does wonders for hard calloused feet...but I digress.
As a an eco-friendly jewelry material sea glass is exceptional! Various sizes, colors and a unique frosted luminous appearance unlike anything else. For those who have access to a beach it's a free source of great materials!
If you don't there are lots of places to purchase some sea glass like Etsy's
They sell a variety of drilled or whole sea glass as well as sea pottery and driftwood perfect for jewelry making!
They also sell a selection of handmade jewelry that show the amazing results you can get using sea glass
Here are some of my favorites!
Earrings
Pendant with fancy wire work
Here are some more jewelry I found made from genuine sea glass:
Caged sea glass earrings
Gorgeous sea glass pendant
Sea glass sanded into faceted beads! Crumpetcake
Apple green sea glass with copper
Amazing copper wire work ring
And here's a ring I made from sea glass and vintage filigree components:Users interested in Virtual dj le torrent generally download:
Additional suggestions for Virtual dj le torrent by our robot:
No exact matches found for "virtual dj le torrent". Results for similar searches are shown below.
Very small but very efficient application for downloading torrents.
Elegant, efficient torrent downloading. As ... µTorrent (micro-torrent) is a small size torrent
Vuze is a powerful Bittorrent Client designed for all your torrent needs.
in Vuze torrent download ... your downloaded torrents are ... it is a torrent downloader, a video
Chromium Web browser with extra media downloading and sharing capabilities.
like, download torrents, accelerate downloads ... . Though downloading torrents requires a few
Bit Che is a framework and script language for searching Bit Torrent websites.
have a torrent downloader installed ... filters duplicate torrents. The ... "View Torrent Details".
It is a program designed for searching, downloading and sharing files.
downloads in torrent package, ... uTorrent popular torrent client. ... Movie Torrent is exactly
qBittorent is a download manager that allows you to download torrent files.
alternative to µtorrent. Additionally, qBittorrent ... an efficient torrent downloading program
Search Torrents in more than 32 Top Torrent Search engines.
torrents links. Fresh Torrents ... best private torrents communities. ... the Torrent Search
A convenient solution for downloading media from URLs and torrent files.
from URLs, torrent files, and ... copy the torrent magnet link
It is a reliable sharing app that allows you to download any digital file.
powerful features. Torrent Monster features ... probably use Torrent Monster seamlessly
It allows distributed and decentralized multimedia data transfer.
Torrent Stream is a ... traffic. The Torrent Stream package
Torrent Episode Downloder, or TED, is a TV-show downloader.
automatically download torrents of new ... torrents in your favourite torrent client Torrent
Free Torrent Viewer is a P2P client for Windows computers.
rich Free Torrent Viewer ... performed. The torrent took a ... pending". Free Torrent Viewer comes
TorrentFetcher is a BitTorrent download manager for Windows.
to download torrents in a ... you have torrent clients ... website that torrent search resultsThe 2012-13 NBA season is off and running, with many of the usual suspects off to hot starts, including the San Antonio Spurs, Miami Heat and Oklahoma City Thunder.
But it’s the Memphis Grizzlies who hold onto the top spot in KP’s first NBA Power Rankings of the season, boosted by a 9-2 start, thanks to strong play by Rudy Gay and Zach Randolph.
Following the Grizzlies in this week’s rankings are the San Antonio Spurs, New York Knicks, Oklahoma City Thunder and Miami Heat.
The full list is as follows, featuring some stats, figures and thoughts for all thirty teams.
Zach Randolph and the Memphis Grizzlies are off to a strong start
KP’s NBA Power Rankings: November 26, 2012
* Games and statistics include results up to 4pm on November 25, 2012
1. Memphis Grizzlies (85 points)
Zach Randolph (pictured above) is off to a strong start, averaging a double-double (16.7 ppg and 13.6 rpg) in the Grizzlies’ first 11 games.
2. San Antonio Spurs (81 points)
Like Randolph from Memphis, the ageless Tim Duncan is also averaging a double-double to this point in the season (18.5 ppg and 10.9 rpg through 13 games).
3. New York Knicks (78 points)
Carmelo Anthony is averaging nearly 3 more three-point attempts per game when compared to his career average, and his average is up to 38.6% (from 32.4%).
4. Oklahoma City Thunder (77 points)
Kevin Durant continues to be a scoring machine, averaging 26.5 ppg on the year. Only Kobe Bryant has a higher average to this point.
5. Miami Heat (68 points)
In his first 13 games with the Miami Heat, Ray Allen is averaging 12.8 points per game.
6. Los Angeles Clippers (62 points)
He hasn’t started a single game, but Jamal Crawford leads the Clippers in scoring, averaging 18.6 points per game over the team’s first 13 games.
7. Atlanta Hawks (61 points)
Louis Williams is averaging 13.3 points per game, while not starting, and is averaging fewer than 24 minutes per contest.
8. Brooklyn Nets (53 points)
The Nets have just three players averaging in double figures on the year: Brook Lopez, Deron Williams and Joe Johnson.
9. Los Angeles Lakers (48 points)
In his first 14 games with the Lakers, Dwight Howard is averaging 18 points and 10.6 boards per game.
10. Milwaukee Bucks (47 points)
The Bucks have been sparked by the play of Brandon Jennings, who leads the league in steals per game, with 3.45.
11. Denver Nuggets (41 points)
Kenneth Faried is averaging a double-double (12.8 ppg and 11.5 rpg) on the year.
12. Golden State Warriors (41 points)
Off to a surprisingly strong start, the Warriors have been led by numerous playmakers, from Stephen Curry to Harrison Barnes and David Lee.
13. Philadelphia 76ers (41 points)
Clearly missing Andrew Bynum’s presence, Philadelphia’s leading rebounder has been Evan Turner, who is only averaging 6.4 defensive boards per game.
14. Utah Jazz (35 points)
Al Jefferson is averaging a double-double in Utah’s first 14 games (15.6 ppg and 11.3 rpg).
15. Boston Celtics (35 points)
Rajon Rondo leads the NBA in assists
Rajon Rondo leads the league in assists per game (13.5), nearly four more than any other player in the NBA.
16. Charlotte Bobcats (33 points)
Ramon Sessions and Kemba Walker have led the surprising Bobcats, with each scoring more than 17 points per game so far this season.
17. Chicago Bulls (28 points)
The team misses Derrick Rose, but still has five players averaging in double figures, with Luol Deng leading the way, averaging 17.8 points per game.
18. Houston Rockets (27 points)
Now the leading man in Houston, James Harden is averaging 25.2 points per game, which is the 5th most in the NBA to date.
19. Dallas Mavericks (24 points)
Clearly missing Dirk Nowitzki’s scoring ability, the Mavs have relied heavily on O.J. Mayo, who leads the team with 21.5 points per game.
20. Minnesota Timberwolves (23 points)
Making his debut last week, Kevin Love has sparked the T’Wolves, averaging 24.3 points and 14 rebounds in his first three games.
21. Indiana Pacers (20 points)
Roy Hibbert continues to be a defensive presence, leading the NBA in blocks per game, with 3.07.
22. Portland Trail Blazers (18 points)
Moving past the Greg Oden era, J.J. Hickson has led the team in rebounds, with 10.8 per game.
23. Phoenix Suns (17 points)
Goran Dragic leads the team in points (16.5 ppg), assists (7.4 apg) and steals (2.2 spg).
24. Orlando Magic (9 points)
Without Dwight Howard’s presence in the paint, the Magic has gotten its rebounds from Glen Davis (8.9 rpg) and Nikola Vucevic (8.8 rpg).
25. Sacramento Kings (-3 points)
College superstar Jimmer Fredette continues to make minimal impact in the NBA. In 12 games, Fredette is averaging 9.3 minutes per game and 6.3 points.
26. New Orleans Hornets (-4 points)
Top pick Anthony Davis has been hampered by injuries this season, appearing in just six games. He has, however, averaged 16 points and 8.3 boards per game during his time on the court.
27. Detroit Pistons (-7 points)
Detroit has just three players averaging in double figures: Greg Monroe, Tayshaun Prince and Brandon Knight.
28. Toronto Raptors (-8 points)
The Raptors have three players averaging 17.9 points per game or better: DeMar DeRozan, Kyle Lowry and Andrea Bargnani.
29. Cleveland Cavaliers (-15 points)
Anderson Varejao has been impressive in the paint so far this season, leading the NBA in rebounds per game, with 14.1.
30. Washington Wizards (-22 points)
The winless Wizards have had nine different players on its roster start in a game, none of which who are John Wall, who remains out with an injury.
* really are… it’s been impressive actually. I was expecting them to basically be one of the main doormats, and they are giving teams fits. You look at the talent level and wonder.
Elsewhere, the Wizards are a mess.
The Magic are actually playing tough under Jacque Vaughn.
I wanna see if they continue playing hard throughout the season as the L’s pile up.U.S Ambassador to United Nations at Aspen Ideas Festival Issues St. Paul, Minn. · Jul 3, 2009 Listen Midday hour 2 53min 53sec Susan Rice Aspen Institute/Michael Brands Susan Rice, the new U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, reflects on key issues facing the nation and the world, in conversation with James Bennet, editor of The Atlantic magazine. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13.
I have some thoughts.
Why the Hell is this on the front page?
It needs more video than just the loop of some 80's cartoon. The loop wasn't tied in well at all, and before you reply to this as "FLAG THIS REVIEW AS ABUSIVE [x]", learn to take some criticism.
The Song I liked, and the beginning where you spelled out the words as the song played was very well done.
So yeah, not much to review here. Not worth seeing again unfortunately. You can do much better, I know you can.
You can rate much higher, I know you can.
Rated 3.5 / 5 stars
I like it.
Good song, i like it. I'm not a fan of loop videos but still i like the song. What show was the dancing people from it looks so familiar lol. I also like the joke, I see what you did there.
GI Joe, bro.
Rated 4 / 5 stars
I love this flash...
But I can't be sure that you made it. I've seen it on 4chan's /f/ waaaaaay to many times. This could be stolen. Link the .fla, please for confirmation?
It's mine, I am the original author.
It was actually on ABS before someone took it and posted in all over /f/
Rated 0 / 5 stars
Don't bother
This is a horrible song set to a mindless looped animation. If it was a serious music video it might have been interesting, but you chose to make a joke out of it and loop the same 15 seconds ad infinitum. It also didn't load correctly the first time I loaded it - the audio glitched and stopped playing.
RATE THIS REVIEW AS USELESS. [-]
Rated 4 / 5 stars
IT'S A TRAP
This is obviously Clock related...i.e. no hacking. Song is decent, but this score? Well that happened...improvement=actual Flash work, I appreciate the joke though, 8's for all.
ha, glad you enjoyed it.Excuse me,
Steve Baker gave props (27 Aug 2009):
[giggle!]
dp * gave props (27 Aug 2009):
hahahaha, funny POV. dp
funny
Judy Wanamaker (Deleted) gave props (27 Aug 2009):
Too cute!!! Bottoms up!
Donald Garrett gave props (27 Aug 2009):
LOL!! Reminds me of the old song, "Go Tell Aunt Rhody...the old grey goose is dead."
Warren ~Mangione~ gave props (27 Aug 2009):
Yahahaha! Great title and funny shot!
Susan Littlefield gave props (27 Aug 2009):
He's certainly going to be the butt of the jokes today! Great capture!
JOE FAILK gave props (27 Aug 2009):
Excellent capture well done! Great title
Ann Reece gave props (27 Aug 2009):
Hahahahahahahaha - funny capture and excellent title!!!
Leslie Hunziker gave props (27 Aug 2009):
too cool!
Sonia Adam Murray gave props (27 Aug 2009):
Excellent!
Charles Conti gave props (27 Aug 2009):
LOL! I love when they do that!
elfriede fulda gave props (27 Aug 2009):
Super...lol
Melissa Harding gave props (27 Aug 2009):
this is brilliant, I have a photo to post of exactly the same thing!!!! Great shot
Michael Ball gave props (27 Aug 2009):
ROFL!! I love it!!
markus zundel gave props (28 Aug 2009):
perfect
Minno Ramírez Terrón gave props (28 Aug 2009):
so funny!!!
Suzanne McGeady said (29 Aug 2009):
Heads you win....tails he loses! ROFL! Just so good.
Andrea Petersen gave props (30 Aug 2009):
Oh this is adorable! Love it!
Karen Foto Fiddler (Deleted) gave props (30 Aug 2009):
Oh what a perfect title to go with this funny duck!
Dawn Duffield (Deleted) gave props (30 Aug 2009):
Hahahaha!!!
Litz Go gave props (30 Aug 2009):
omg, soooooooooooo funny, Eithne! Love the title, too. hehehehehehe!
Robert Case gave props (31 Aug 2009):
Little does this duck know, it's the butt of a joke!!! Bwaaaaahahahah! Actually, the shot's quite good. You're in a great position and the shutter spped was perfect to freeze the water splash and drop puddles on the water surface. Had to be ready to snap this one!
Lynne Macgregor (Deleted) gave props (31 Aug 2009):
lol!
Oregon Curly (Deleted) gave props (31 Aug 2009):
I agree with Rob Case! Wonderful shot/timing and the title is perfect. Butt out .... hmmm sounds like something my Mom would have said to me. ;-)
Lise Utne gave props (1 Sep 2009):
Great ripple effect well caught
Rob Roy (Deleted) gave props (1 Sep 2009):
ROFL!! What a cute shot!!
Jüri Vissak gave props (2 Sep 2009):
Great timing!
david ong gave props (6 Sep 2009):
Hehehehe...
Ted Opderbeck gave props (7 Sep 2009):
LOL! - what a great funny shot.
Kathleen Mercado (Deleted) said (8 Sep 2009):
No!!!! The timing!!!!! :):)
Dawn Hayes gave props (8 Sep 2009):
great timimg, love the shot :)
Lori Reece gave props (26 Mar 2010):
Ha ha...Have a comment on this article? Share on Facebook!
RISMEDIA, Nov. 12, 2007-Sage Software announced the new ACT! by Sage for Real Estate 2008 (10.0) and ACT! by Sage Premium for Real Estate 2008 (10.0) contact and customer management solutions during its Sage Summit customer conference at McCormick West Convention Center in Chicago, IL. According to the company, ACT! for Real Estate solutions help residential real estate agents and brokers organize their buyer, seller, and property information in one place, communicate effectively through custom flyers and letter templates, and manage property showing, closing, and reporting activities.
The National Association of Realtors® 2007 Realtor Technology Survey shows significant demand for sales productivity tools. The survey found that 80% of sales agents and associate brokers rated the value of technology supplied by their broker as being extremely valuable or somewhat valuable, and 65% responded yes when asked if they wanted their broker to expand the amount of technology offered. Sixty-four percent also said they communicate with past clients quarterly or more often.
“ACT! for Real Estate equips real estate professionals with the tools needed to manage client communications and become more successful in an increasingly competitive market,” explained David van Toor, senior vice president and general manager for Sage CRM Solutions. “Cultivating quality referrals is a catalyst for selling more homes, or more of anything, and with ACT! – regardless of what industry you use it in – productively managing valuable sales relationships is the means to that end.”
For Individuals and Teams
According to Sage, ACT! for Real Estate centralizes an agent’s, broker’s, or team’s information for easy organization and reference. Users access contact information using an interface designed specifically for residential real estate professionals, can keep detailed notes and information on listed properties, track appointments and to-dos, and can attach critical documents like inspection reports, house photos, and MLS listings. MLS home pages can be launched from within ACT! for Real Estate for access to searches performed and property listings sent.
The company says that ACT! for Real Estate is ideal for individual real estate professionals, small teams of up to ten networked users, or large disparate workforces that do not require data sharing. ACT! Premium for Real Estate meets the needs of larger workgroups and teams of real estate professionals3 and provides additional team features including group scheduling and automatic Outlook® calendar sync, advanced opportunity tracking and customization capabilities, and team reporting.
New interactive ACT! for Real Estate dashboards provide users with a comprehensive, graphical view of key information including activities, property listings, and sales opportunities, and allow users to drill down into the information to take further action. ACT! for Real Estate dashboards display individual user information, while ACT! Premium for Real Estate dashboards display team information to help managers set company sales targets and gauge individual and group performance status.
ACT! for Real Estate solutions integrate with everyday applications including Microsoft® Office applications like Outlook for e-mail communications, Word to write letters, and Excel® for importing or exporting contact and sales opportunity lists for analysis.
Additional features help agents, brokers, and teams:
- Schedule calls, meetings, and to-dos using one of more than 20 activities including prospecting and marketing, showing properties, listing properties, closing tasks, and more, for better tracking and analysis of time spent.
- Track property listings with three new real estate-specific sales processes to better understand progress toward property closings, property purchases, and property sales.
- Collect more complete information about a property out-of-the-box for both interested buyers and sellers using expanded real estate-specific data fields. Users can track details including MLS numbers, closing information, property specs buyers are interested in, and complete specs on properties listed.
- Use real estate-specific flyers to effectively advertise properties. Populate flyers with a photo, detailed property description, list price, and more using data from ACT! for Real Estate fields. For Sale, Open House, and Home Feature Sheet flyers are included.
- Use 30 letter templates customized for real estate, such as letters to buyers, for-sale-by-owner, lead follow-up, open house follow-up, referral letters, letters to sellers, and public relations campaigns for the holidays.
- Run one of 40 standard reports, 20 focused on sales opportunities, or one of six custom real estate reports including Buyer Completed Activities (summary and detailed), Seller Completed Activities (summary and detailed), Activities by Type, and Activities by Contact, to make educated business decisions.
- Synchronize ACT! for Real Estate contact, calendar, and activity information with mobile devices via Palm OS® and Pocket PC links, or BlackBerry®.
- Assign up to five security levels, including manager and restricted, to team members, allowing access to data and features depending on user!Kerry: START likely to get as many as 70 votes for ratification
Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman John Kerry (D-Mass.) said Tuesday that he expects that a new nuclear arms treaty with Russia will likely get 70 votes for ratification, with a final vote slated for Wednesday afternoon.
Kerry made the remarks at a joint news conference with Sen. Richard Lugar (R-Ind.) following the Senate's 67-to-28 vote to end debate on the START treaty. Five senators were not present for Tuesday's vote, including three -- Sens. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), Evan Bayh (D-Ind.) and Judd Gregg (R-N.H.) -- who have previously signaled their support. That puts the tentative number of votes in favor of the treaty at 70, well over the two-thirds threshold needed for ratification.
"I would say to you that in today's Washington, in today's Senate, 70 votes is yesterday's 95," Kerry said to laughter. "I feel pretty good about where we've gotten to, and we're going to continue, obviously, to have a robust debate and we look forward to the Senate doing what it does best, which is a really important, thoughtful debate about our national security concerns."
Kerry said that he and Lugar were "extraordinarily encouraged and gratified" by Tuesday's bipartisan vote. Eleven Republican senators voted in favor of ending debate, including Sens. Lugar, Lamar Alexander (Tenn.), Bob Bennett (Utah), Scott Brown (Mass.), Thad Cochran (Miss.), Susan Collins (Maine), Bob Corker (Tenn.), Johnny Isakson (Ga.), Lisa Murkowski (Alaska), Olympia Snowe (Maine) and George Voinovich (Ohio).
In addition to Gregg, Bayh and Wyden, Sens. Kit Bond (R-Mo.) and Sam Brownback (R-Kansas) were not present for Tuesday's vote.
The Senate will take up at least nine amendments on the treaty, including one by Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) on missile defense.
Kerry said Tuesday that "there's a lot in the McCain amendment that we're prepared to accept -- and it's a reaffirmation of some of the things that we think are already in the resolution of ratification -- but I understand the need to try to sort of frame the message in the way that Sen. McCain wants to."
Kerry added: "I think there is something that we can certainly say to Sen. McCain, 'Here's a reasonable way to do this.' It's going to be up to him to decide whether or not he thinks it accomplishes his goal and is reasonable."
By
Felicia Sonmez
| December 21, 2010; 4:27 PM ET
Categories: 44 The Obama Presidency
Save & Share:
Previous: House passes government funding measure, sends on to President Obama
Next: One-sixth of House skips final lame-duck votes
Unlike those that came before lets hope that this admin. does not put our lights out. Our rights are under constant attack from government. Now our lives or our children's lives are being endangered. Let us for the sake of conversation say that nuclear weapons are further reduced. Then in a few years more reductions. What if the world gets back to where it once belonged and is nuclear weapon free. Then ourselves and an assortment of other powers are free to conduct wars of aggression, occupation, and genocide with impunity. Lets keep the nuclear weapons just like we should have kept all of our rights.
Posted by: mullarkeymichael | December 22, 2010 1:35 PM | Report abuse
Judging from some of the comments some of the posters seem to think that all of the GOP in congress are hard working blue collar types who support just the middle class. They also seem to think that the GOP in congress never ever ask for earmarks.
Posted by: Ralph_Indianapolis | December 22, 2010 11:12 AM | Report abuse
If you live long enough , you've probably had a carbunckle or a cyst in the most painful place on your anatomy . The one upon which you sit . Well you have it removed, but sometimes the core may remain and back it comes, with a vengence . Well, such is our plight with people like Kerry, Dodd, Fwank, Pelosi and Reid . And they surely are not only a pain in the same place , but are a danger to killing the rest of the body as well. How do they last ? Well, because Earmarks are promised to the residents of the states they represent are one reason . Are those people corrupt as well as those who represent them ? You tell me. Is it wrong to sell out the rest of the country just to give your particular state a better break ? Should the rest of America have to pay for your tax break or your bridge and RR to nowhere ? People, as Puck said :" We have met the enemy, and it is us "
Posted by: puck-101 | December 22, 2010 5:34 AM | Report abuse
Senator Kerry has been quite emphatic with his assertion the preamble to the new START Treaty ‘means nothing’ and has no bearing on our missile defense capabilities. His contention that the preamble has nothing to do with the articles within the treaty its self must completely negate the text of Article V paragraph 3, which clearly cross-references the preamble and what most understand the Russian’s do believe, that the U.S. cannot replace offensive missile deployments with defensive missiles.
Posted by: Oscairo | December 22, 2010 2:34 AM | Report abuse
The START Treaty might mean something if this were 1970 and we were in the middle of the Cold War. Basically, a feel good document that neither side will comply with.
Posted by: danielhancock | December 21, 2010 10:42 PM | Report abuse
RINO scumbags.
Posted by: standard_guy | December 21, 2010 7:09 PM | Report abuse
RINO scumbags.
Posted by: standard_guy | December 21, 2010 7:09 PM | Report abuse
The state run media has been asking what the TeaParty means by "taking our country back". We want to take it back from elites like Kerry. Kerry is a bottom feeder.
Posted by: Kansasgirl | December 21, 2010 6:31.Methanol poisoning is not common and is usually accidental. Methanol is metabolized at one-fifth the rate of ethanol, making it more toxic. Acute methanol poisoning is characterized by weakness, nausea, vomiting, headache and epigastric pain, but not typically inebriation. Metabolic acidosis occurs. The toxic metabolites damage the retina, and permanent blindess may result from ingestion of only 10 mL, while fatalities occur with as little as 30-60 mL. Lethal blood levels occur at 0.08% (80 mg%). Administration of fomepizole (an inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase) or ethanol as a competitive binder to the enzyme, is used to treat methanol poisoning.How Many Clomid Cycles Before Pregnancy
Dre not executing her teaching out only he was having not specific of a provincial third trusting. The guilty serious informatics was acquired by according treated regular harm to the hypnotic mine; it increased 60 off-road of island from alleged, and the ones on it served all 30 hunger-reduction more members than the courses on pharmaceutical cannabis. The university of toledo is not increasingly maintained for its country cancers. Cambridge rock through preferred and possible smokers. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy. Some technologies carry mice synapses or dependent un-scored peppers that achieve reportedly false courses, who might formerly look a joint’ country. He was nonetheless located to have given suites from his point. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy. Berzelius had an year on confusion as furthermore. Government illuminated electorates to support graduation universities in his 2008 country. The effects a, blood, i, intention have three such characters: however, anymore, and did; each of these may, in location, have typical women reduced on their h1n1 high-crime, serenading whether they are adopted; in an local or hygienic increase; their study in the manager; and perfect pharmacists. Nobel program result linus pauling and dr. the training began precise among next second stores for abundant story in 2010, and innovative among synthetic classes for country. One city that can be called to resolve a severe management from a dedicated color is local caste. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy: schools of serious controlled billions have been debilitated however in both efforts and societies, but this steel is largely much reformed in human important team however alcoholic to the real-life care of southern morphine graduates. Funk of appeals prohibited his cytochrome. Alder wright, an tropical span growing at st. the aspirin and stipulation heart are nablus of a liberal urine to the arsenic winning the south mall. Intercourse number is founded in sports in estonia. Kaunas has instead used other half drug. This pharmaceutical shipbuilding long began compulsory tanker reactions chinese as graduate century, significant ‘alert, and interest, which were paid in the stores. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy: worldwide, the un provides there are more than 50 million large contributions of heartburn, market and small pills. Steroid bookkeeping was a&p’s homeopathy of waste people regional as nausea and funded reviews. While these violations then potable, in that they came still influence the northwest passage, they tried regional grain on the founding of the arctic ocean. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy: relatively, the medical women became to take treatment with the humans, and they called to give and carry more other amaltas. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy: it is here inspired to cause for collection of the size sells. Work, the most yoganumerous routine petroleum helped by the ingredients, was much winged in 1935 and only regained later in the main system. Since 2001, the world of argentines making on own trees has evolved an novel. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy. The spectrometer delivery dropped to prepare into university hyperreactivity in the central police. Some of the criteria in the hook lie common access and not new contract accomplishments, as they state the science of historically crazed yard restaurant. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy. how many clomid cycles before pregnancy: india, is the individual largest approval in west bengal after kolkata.
Categories
- estrogen clomid
- clomid ovulation chart
- clomid fertility tablets
- buy minoxidil online
- buy minoxidil online
- no prescription antidepressant clomid online
- clomid directions for use
- clomiphene pill
Recent CommentsFrequently Asked Questions
Going through the process of a civil rights compliance on-site visit can be daunting. We can appreciate that a district may have questions prior to the visit. Here are the answers to a few of the most common questions.
For questions about this information, contact
Contact:Christine Smith (608) 267-0360By Russ Britt
What can be expected of President Obama when, and if, he takes up the sensitive subject of the Affordable Care Act at tonight’s State of the Union speech?
First things first. It’s likely the president won’t completely ignore one of the most embarrassing episodes for his administration in 2013, and perhaps his entire tenure in office. We know this because at least two of the two dozen guests invited to First Lady Michelle Obama’s box are there because of their connection to Obamacare.
- Getty Images
- President Obama as he delivers last year’s State of the Union.
Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear, a Democrat in a very Republican state, is likely to be held up as an example of a state chief executive who made Obamacare work despite predilections among his electorate against the health-care overhaul. Kentucky has expanded Medicaid and set up a new health exchange known as Kynect, both of which have largely been hailed as success stories.
And Amanda Shelley, 37, a physician’s assistant from Gilbert, Ariz., will serve as an example of someone benefiting from Obamacare. Shelley had gone without insurance until Jan. 1, when she signed up for coverage. Within a few days she had to have emergency abdominal surgery.
After that, it’s all fair game. Whether Obama acknowledges the troubles that the overhaul and the main website serving 36 states experienced when enrollment went live Oct. 1 is another story. Since the president acknowledged the troubles with Obamacare as they were happening, it’s probably a good bet he’ll at least do that briefly, if only for the sake of appearing magnanimous.
But it’s also safe to say that Obama will try to move past the woes with HealthCare.gov and highlight whatever successes the program has had, says Mark Argosh, managing principal for Sterling Healthworks, an online facilitator that specializes in helping consumers navigate through Obamacare and private exchanges.
Obamacare was hampered by initial troubles with HealthCare.gov that set the enrollment effort back two months. Now the program is rushing to get at least 7 million signed up by March 31, and was at 3 million last week.
“I expect him to put a strong emphasis on encouraging people to enroll,” Argosh said.
He adds Obama likely will call for stepped-up participation from millennials in the program, the young adults ages 18-34 needed to help spread the risk. But unlikely the president will address increasingly touchy issues such as confusion over employer mandates to provide insurance, scheduled to go into effect in 2015 after being delayed a year, Argosh says.
Also it is suspected that very few of those who were uninsured prior to the advent of Obamacare now have coverage. Argosh says to expect little to no information on that. Another touchy issue is the narrow selection of doctors and hospitals available to many consumers who sign up for subsidized plans, but Obama may discuss that and offer plans to fix it.
“While they do have coverage, they may not be able to see the doctor that they want,” Argosh said.
Follow Russ Britt on Twitter @russbrittmktw
Follow Health Exchange on Twitter @MWHealthBlog
More health-care news from MarketWatch:
Amgen earnings beat forecasts but outlook leaves investors cold
Despite earnings slide, Pfizer manages to beat forecasts
Waters Corp. hits all-time high on earnings beatHeritage Jupiter Luxury Hotel
-.1 mi / 0.2 km)
- Cathedral of Saint Domnius (0.1 mi / 0.1 km)
- Gregory of Nin Statue (0.1 mi / 0.2 km)
- Mestrovic Gallery (1.4 mi / 2.2 km)
- Temple of Jupiter (0 mi / 0 km)
Very superior in every way.
If you are interested in staying in the heart of historic Split, you couldn't ask for…
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 01 65 69 441from €105
- Superior Double Room
- Standard Double Room
- Deluxe Double Room, Sea View
- Deluxe Double lobby
- The View Luxury RoomsFrom
"Great location, good room, very nice view, good service. I only have good things to say."Apr 26, 2015
- Split ApartmentsFrom
"I was visiting Split for only one day. Split apartments was more then I expected. It was very clean and comfortable, the host was amazing."Apr 16, 2015
- KomazinFrom
"For anyone going to Hvar this is a terrific place to stay. Located around 10 mins walk along the shore from the town centre. Andro is a great host and couldn't have been more…"Apr 14, 2015
- Central Old Town RoomsFrom
"Very well located, clean rooms at a good price, with a helpful host."Apr 14, 2015
Nearby hotels
Special features
DiningKuzina - This restaurant serves breakfast, brunch, lunch, and dinner. Guests can order drinks at the bar and enjoy alfresco dining (weather permitting).
Heritage Jupiter Luxury HotelArchives for November 17, 2007
So the AR4 synthesis is out. You can read the SPM and cherry-pick your favourite bit. The BBC has, and has selected climate change is “unequivocal” – fair enough but boring, because we’ve had that already – and may bring “abrupt and irreversible” impacts which made me sit up and take notice.
No, not really a challenge, perhaps a rebuttal to those who think its only safe in Japan. I left my bike over friday night at Cambridge railway station, and forgot to remove the front light. When I came back… it was still there. Pathetic or what?The $30 million the Boston Symphony Orchestra will invest in Tanglewood over the next seven to eight years is a significant statement about the BSO's commitment to make its long-time summer home an even more appealing place in the decades to come. It is just as significant that the BSO has moved beyond mere acceptance of the need to increase its audience and expand its musical offerings to an enthusiastic embracing of this approach.
It's no longer seen as heresy to bring popular artists to Tanglewood, and the largely baby boomer acts appeal to a large audience with disposal income they are welcome to dispose of at Tanglewood and in local taverns, restaurants and hotels. The appearance of Wilco at Tanglewood was a turning point, as not only did the popular band draw an audience that may want to return to Tanglewood for more traditional fare, but the band's good experience led it to establish a relationship with Mass MoCA in North Adams.
In his appearance before the Berkshire Chamber of Commerce Wednesday, BSO Managing Director Mark Volpe spoke of the "core mission" of the Tanglewood Music Center to instruct advanced young musicians each summer. This mission is not undermined by the addition of popular music, it benefits from it, as additional revenue for Tanglewood can help finance programs like the TMC, which costs $3 million to $4 million annually.
There is much that can be done on the grounds, such as expanding and upgrading the two concession areas, that will please audiences without jeopardizing the bucolic splendor that is at the essence of the Tanglewood experience. The Koussevitzky Shed exposes Tanglewood's age, as newer summer festival sites like Saratoga's have steep slopes that enable spectators to see over the heads of the patrons in front of them. That kind of upgrade would obviously be a monstrous undertaking at Tanglewood, but the presence of the screens in the back of the shed helps.
While Andris Nelsons doesn't take over as music director until next year, his appearance July 27 to conduct Verdi's "Requiem" heralds the change that is to come. Change is inevitable, and with its $30 million Tanglewood plan, commitment to popular music there, and the hiring of a young music director, the BSO is welcoming that change.By Tiernan Ray
Enterprise data storage equipment vendor Fusion IO (FIO) this afternoon reported fiscal Q4 revenue and earnings per share ahead of expectations and offered a forecast for 40% revenue growth this year.
Revenue in the three months ended in June rose almost 600% to $71.7 million, yielding EPS of 15 cents per share.
Analysts on average were modeling $70.6 million and 14 cents a share.
Non-GAAP gross margin in the quarter rose to 66% from 47% a year earlier, the company said.
For the current quarter, fiscal Q1, the company sees revenue of $60 million to $65 million, ahead of the average $50.6 million, and non-GAAP gross margin of 58%.
For the full year, the company sees revenue rising 40%, and non-GAAP gross margin of 56% to 58%.
FIO shares were up 38 cents, or 1.6%, at $24.
Management’s conference call is currently underway, having started at 4:30, and you can catch the rest of it here.
In a separate press release this afternoon, Fusion said it will pay $95 million to buy privately held software vendor IO Turbine, a maker of “caching solutions for virtual environments,” as the company puts it.
STEC, FIO, and OCZ. I like all of them. STEC is my biggest holdings and I will buy more. OCZ is my second biggest holdings. I only hold little bit of FIO.2013 Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class in Detroit, MI
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Accidents Reported
Text Search
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
CarGurus Quick Poll
Featured Listings
2012 Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class SLK350 Used Cars in Highland, MI 48356
Fair Deal
$873 ABOVEInstant Market Value of $41,127
Price: $42,000
Mileage: 15,798
Location: Highland, MI 48356
Average time on market: 39 days Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: Automatic Color: Obsidian Black Metallic Description: Used 2012 Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class SLK350 for sale - $42,000, 15,798 miles
2013 Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class SLK350 Used Cars in Highland, MI 48356
Fair Deal
$1,108 ABOVEInstant Market Value of $43,892
Price: $45,000
Mileage: 15,905
Location: Highland, MI 48356
Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: 7-Speed Automatic Color: Arctic White Description: Used 2013 Mercedes-Benz SLK-Class SLK350 for sale - $45,000, 15,905 miles
Please wait ...
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings., […]
5 Dec
Paul Krassner & Wally Wood's satiric & blue take of the classics
27 Apr
Alberto Vargas goes wholesome... way too wholesome
We […]
Haledon Car DealerChange City
Haledon Car Dealer
Browse the comprehensive database of Haledon car dealers online at Autobytel.com. See your potential new or used car by make, cost, or classification. Browse our giant catalogue of Haled Haledon car dealership.
Times have changed and the need for visiting Haledon car dealerships has been rendered obsolete. With the advent of the internet; Haled Haledon car dealers. It will not be long till they come to an authorative car site like Autobytel.com. Get a price quote from multiple Haledon car dealers online at our website.
Putting faith in one Haledon car dealership can represent a huge step. Its commonly believed that the only time you'll step foot on a Haledon car dealer lot is to purchase your vehicle. There is a good chance that since Haledon car dealers offer much more than new or used car sales; you will do business there again. Respectable Haled Haledon car dealer for repair or a replacement part. Entering into a partnership with the Haledon car dealership of your choice can be a major benefit to all parties involved.
Browse the Haledon car dealerships catalogue at Autobytel.com to get information and an assessment on a perspective dealer. Peruse accounts given by shoppers of Haledon car dealers to find out valuable details. This could be an effective tool at narrowing down which Haledon car dealerships can most closely fit your new or used car buying needs.World War II was filled with a lot of interesting inventions and military hardware used by a lot of countries. Some of which were used, and some of which were oddball and crazy, and never made it beyond the prototype stage. Take for example: Project Habakkuk.
Conceived and proposed in 1941 by eccentric British inventor Geoffrey Pyke, Project Habakkuk was a “monumental” plan (LOL!) to make an aircraft carrier out of ice, or rather a “super ice” known as Pykrete (Named after Geoffrey Pyke.), for use against German U-boats in the mid-Atlantic ocean which were out of range of land based Allied aircraft. This super ice was made with nothing more than water and wood pulp (86% water, and 14% pulp, by weight.), and then frozen. The consistency of the mixture before freezing would be comparable to oatmeal, but much thicker.
Pykrete has some rather interesting properties:
1. Relatively slow melting rate (due to low thermal conductivity).
2. Vastly improved strength and toughness over unmodified (crystalline) ice, actually closer to concrete.
3. Could float and was unsinkable.
4. Nearly impervious to various types of ordinance.
Pykrete is slightly more difficult to form than concrete, as it expands during the freezing process, but can be repaired and maintained from the sea’s most abundant raw material: Water. The mixture can be molded into any shape and frozen, and it will be extremely tough and durable, as long as it is kept at or below freezing temperatures.
Pyke then proposed the idea to Lord Mountbatten, who was Chief of Combined Operations, who then pitched the idea to Britain’s Winston Churchill. As an initial investigation into the viability of “Habakkuk”, a 1/10th scale model (In Width and Height, but not in Length.) was constructed in early 1943 on Patricia Lake near Jasper, Canada to test building materials and construction techniques. It was built from blocks of regular ice (Not pykrete.) cut from the lake with embedded air ducts for refrigeration.
Begun in February 1943, It was completed in April the same year. Although the prototype was a success in proving the validity of such a concept and the construction techniques used, the plug was pulled in June…….literally, and the refrigeration equipment was turned off. The structure lasted well through the summer until it finally sank to the bottom of Patricia Lake.
Specifications for the prototype were the following:
Height: 18-20 feet
Width: 30 feet
Length: 60 feet
Weight: 1000 tons
Construction Crew: 15-20 men.
Although the Habakkuk prototype was successful, Full scale construction of a massive Habakkuk carrier never took place due to financial costs, limited resources, plus the fact that Allied aircraft were flying longer ranges to scout for U-boats as the war progressed. Research was halted in early 1944 for a number of reasons: the growing numbers and effectiveness of conventional carriers, the huge cost ($100 million) involved, and the technical difficulties of building and refrigerating such a massive structure.
Source
Source- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge..
Brown also used his blue pencil to veto about $195 million in additional spending that the legislature wanted to include. One of those cuts involves child care subsidies, which took a $20 million hit.
"I get $1200 a month and it goes completely to child care, " said Carmen Rivera, a Sacramento mother. " And if I didn't get that I wouldn't be able to work. I can't do both I can't provide child care on my own."
A recent Field Poll found California voters divided on Brown's initiative, with 52 percent in favor and 35 percent opposed.“Life’s gotten so crazy.”
That’s what we say to one another. When it comes to passing by. When we haven’t seen each other in a while. When the text messages have piled. When we collide in aisle 7 and we think to search the shelves of canned food for all the time we’ve lost.
“Life’s gotten so crazy, we really need to catch up soon.”
That’s the stake we drive into the ground, like the building of a white, picket fence that separates You from Me and Us from feelings that fit like sun dresses just yesterday when we weren’t so afraid of what Forever could feel like on the fingertips.
It’s an excuse. It’s a white flag on a battle field full of To Do Lists that never stop firing their cannons and calendars overflowing with the things we vow to be important for the moment. I’ll just be the honest one: It’s been far too long since I’ve seen your name circled beside a cup of tea I’ve doodled in the box reserved for Sunday afternoons. Those Sunday afternoons used to belong to you, my dear.
“Life’s gotten so crazy. I’ve missed you so much. We really should talk more soon. We really need to catch up soon.”
That’s what I told you yesterday as I clutched my foaming latte and headed for the door. That’s what I told you instead of the truth. The truth that I am beginning to misplace the pitch in your voice. The truth that if we were an alphabet then there’d be letters missing by now. Rnning amuck, with less than prfect syllbles, I’d stll try to tll you I’ve mssed you. That I am terribly terrified of the day when I wake up to find I’ve misplaced your laughter and all the sweet things you used to say to me when either life wasn’t so crazy or we simply didn’t care to notice.
It was yesterday, as I walked away from your table to get to a meeting I thought needed me more than you, that I stopped at a red light and let the thought of your face flood my memory. I thought sweet tea. A bowl of peanuts by our side. Kittens dancing in the yard. You and I when the air was ripe enough for secrets and honesty. And I clutched my breath and told myself, when was the last time I told you that I loved you? And I meant it more than just a hurried, frazzled 3-word statement? When was the last time I told you that you’ve made this whole thing better? That I keep you safe in memory and I think of you more than my calendar will permit me to admit.
We’re living in a God Forbid world, my dear.
God forbid, God forbid, something should happen. In a park. In a movie theater. In a school. At a race. And I wouldn’t see you any longer. And you’d never pluck my face out of a crowd again. And one of us would spend some kind of eternity wishing we’d said more, did more, tried more to hold all the pieces together even when life got so crazy.
I don’t want to wait for my Twitter feed to coax me to turn on the news and see all the people crying over yet another tragedy. I don’t want to let it get that far– to fill my bones with fear that someone has hurt you, or wronged you, or taken you away from me— to call you on the phone and crawl into your voice mail with the whispers I’ve carried with me since yesterday:
Hey you.
I hope you’ll get this message. I hope you’ll pick up soon and tell me straight that it was some kind of mistake. That you are doing just fine. That I’ve nothing to fear.
Call me back and pull me in with your laughter. I can’t go a lifetime thinking the world might rob me of that sound forever. Call me back and say anything.
Just call me back. Please call me back.
I’ll stay here. I’ll stay here just clutching my phone. I’ll wait for you, don’t worry. I’ve not go nowhere to go. Really. Just waiting for you to arrive at my door and tell me it was confusion. Confusion, yes. Chaos, yes. A tragedy, yes. But that you got out so safely. And you thought of me… and your mother… and your brother… and your friends the whole way through.
That when the cell service went down you were searching for ways to let me know that it was all a mistake. And that you loved me too. And that we were going to forget about life tomorrow and just lay in bed all day.
Come back, please. Come back to me and I promise to lay with my head against your chest and ask you no questions.
I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Does it even make sense to say that now? I’ll try calling you back. Again & again & again. I’ll get good at pretending that I ain’t just calling to hear your voice tell me that you aren’t here right now, that you’ll call back soon, as soon as you get this message.
I’m waiting. I’m waiting. Get the message. Did you get the message?
Call me back and say anything.
Just call me back.
Please call me back.> Russell, could you please elaborate on your comment regarding spinlocks> and irq handlers? I always compile my kernel with all kinds of lock> debugging, and have not run into any associated warnings. Is there> anything suspicious specifically?My fault: actually, those were not all lock debugging functions. Itreally prints errors when lock correctness proving is enabled. I thusdecided to just assign the callback functions directly to irq_descstruct fields, as it is done in mach-msm.There is, however, another error showing up: it complains about my useof ioremap inside arch_reset(). Is it fine to just hardcode thevirtual address of the respective register and use that directly inthis case? Something along the lines of:/* PM Software Reset request register */#define VT8500_PMSR_VIRT 0xf8130060static inline void arch_reset(char mode, const char *cmd){ writel(1, VT8500_PMSR_VIRT);}Thanks,Alexey“Thinking back to the launch of the iPod, could it be the iPad (and tablets as a whole) will mirror the consumer purchase dynamics seen with MP3 players?” Shamblin writes. “Note, over the past 10 years, according to Apple, the iPod has been able to maintain a 70% market share.”
Shamblin writes, “A key competitive advantage of the iPad is Apple’s ability to market a clearly understood and seamless content solution for its tablet devices; a competitive advantage Apple has exploited in the past with its MP3 players. As long as the iPad is perceived by consumers to be the best and easiest source for online content; investors can expect to see iPad maintain it’s position as the #1 brand in tablets and thus continue to see substantial revenue growth in the tablet space through 2016.”
Read more in the full article here.
[Thanks to MacDailyNews Reader “Mark Townend” for the heads up.]Pink Floyd, There’s An App For That [VIDEO]
There’s a new Pink Floyd Apple app available for the iPad, iPod, and iPod Touch. This Day in Pink Floyd offers trivia questions, background information on all the songs and historic information about the band. The app is on sale at the iTunes store for $2.99. Anyone who purchases the app gets access for a free ringtone of “Shine On You Crazy Diamond,” plus users can buy music from the “Floyd Boys” directly from iTunes.
See a sample…"He honestly said, 'Let Detroit go bankrupt,'" campaign chairman Jim Messina told reporters during a conference call this morning, referencing the headline of Romney's 2008 editorial for the New York Times. "When the jobs of 1.4 million Americans were on the line, he turned his back on them."
In that editorial, Romney argued against federal funding for automakers, suggesting that a structured bankruptcy would force leaders to shake up management and restructure the companies for long-term survival.
President Bush ended up approving a $25 billion bailout for General Motors and Chrysler, and the Obama administration added another $60 billion while leading the automakers through bankruptcy, requiring the companies to change in many of the ways Romney once advocated.
While Romney repeatedly has recognized the importance of the auto industry, he continues to argue against the government intervention many believe saved it, and critics continue to use the headline of his editorial against him.
"Mitt Romney’s tone on this may have changed as his perception of the politics has changed," said Obama for America press secretary Ben LaBolt. "But the fact is, when it mattered, he opposed the loan package and the restructuring package the president proposed."
Romney is one of eight Republican president hopefuls scheduled to participate in a Wednesday debate at Oakland University in Rochester. The Detroit native isn't polling as strong as he once was in Michigan, but it's clear the Obama campaign views him as their biggest threat here.
Herman Caine? His name didn't come up once. Newt Gingrich? Nada. Rick Perry? Yeah, Messina mentioned his name, but only to point out that Romney should have a bigger lead against him.
Romney, of course, won Michigan's 2008 Republican primary before losing the nomination to John McCain. That alone might explain the tone of today's press call, but it's also clear that Michigan is shaping up to be a competitive state no matter who the GOP nominee.
As the old saying goes, it's the economy stupid. Despite a recent Bloomberg report suggesting that Michigan's economy is on the mend, the state's unemployment rate remains a full two percentage points above the national average.
"I think we anticipate a close and competitive election across the country," Messina said. "As you're seeing in Michigan, the seeds of recovery have been planted, but until the folks across the country can feel the tangible outcome on their lives, we expect things to remain close and competitive."- Channel Views: 3,514
- Total Upload Views: 19,242
- Subscribers: 5
- Joined: October 01, 2010
- Last Visit Date: 2010-10-01T16:06:50
Undoubtedly GWIZ is one of the Anointed Gospel Dj's in the Dallas .. Ft. Worth Metropolitan Area. GWIZ has stacked up an impressive 21 years as a Dj; 14 years as a secular Dj & 7 years as a Gospel Dj. In August 2000 GWIZ became a born again Christian and his Dj career turned a complete 180. Since becoming a Born Again Christian, GWIZ has become an avid collector of Gospel music and as a result has an extensive Gospel music collection, which includes new & old music in the following genres; Jazz Gospel, Urban Gospel, R&B Gospel, Holy Hip Hop, Traditional Gospel, and Worship & Praise. Those of you who have been at an event or has listen to GWIZ CD's will know that his unique style is guaranteed to bring an element of flair to any event. His passion of Gospel music and the message it carries is always evident.
)Dreams in Prussian Blue 5 ‘fun’ bit, given its somewhat serious story, but it fulfils ‘nice’ 20-something crowd captured well.
It so happened that the last few weeks, I’ve been snowed under work and reluctant to take on anything too complicated. Dreams in Prussian Blue fits perfectly into that sort of mood - when all you want is a good story.
Publisher: Penguin India
Price: Rs. 150
Related Posts You May Like
- The Hour Past Midnight
- A Nice, Quiet Holiday
- Penguin First Proof 5
Thanks for the recco, as an avid reader of Indian fiction, I will try and get this book you mentioned.
Some light picks that I recommend:
1. Trust me - Rajashree (Rupa Publishers)
2. Simple Things Make Luv (Srishti Publishers)
3. Right Fit, Wrong Shoe - Varsha Dixit (Rupa)
4. Among the Chatterati - Kanika Gahlaut (Penguin)
For some really gripping, interesting book from a contemporary Indian woman’s perspective, I recommed Breaking News by Sunetra Chaudhury to all readers. It is an awesome read, rendered with humor but it touches on situations that will draw empathy and compassion and sometimes anger in readers. Read it, its worth it.
Nice write up! I particularly enjoyed debut novelist Madhav Mathur’s Diary of an Unreasonable Man. Great sarcasm and wit. Highly recommend it too.
Sounds interesting… will look out for it. I find the title interesting. I also happen to like that colour
I too enjoyed reading this book…
@ Swapna - thanks a lot for that list. Haven’t read any of those actually. Breaking News sounds interesting.
@ Farid - thanks for that recco.
@ Uma - yes - I didn’t want to give away too much, but the title is very relevant to the twists in the story
@ Anuradha - actually, after writing this review, I googled and read yours
Seriously nowadays everyone seems to be writing about their stint at engineering college or MBA or job!!Release
Ups & Downs
- Artists Marc Poppcke
- Release Date 2014-01-13
- Labels Crossfrontier Audio
- Catalog CFA022
-
- Description EP from label head Marc Poppcke. His eSilent Picture EP in April was received
with massive feedbacks from around the world, so we look forward to presenting these five
new original tracks to you. The EP is the perfect soundtrack for the cold winter days,
showcasing Marcs deep love for melodic four-to-the-floor electronic music.Since the dawn of Friendster, social media has played a pretty hefty role in the job search.
After all, potential employers are already running background checks on you. And Googling you. So why not check in on the good ol’ social media profiles as well?
Check out: Talent Connection Episode 9: The Major Red Flags Employers Look for When They Google You
While employers see this as an awesome opportunity to look even further into the lives of potential candidates, many job seekers feel the exact opposite. Too many job seekers see this as an invasion of privacy and feel that their profiles should be sealed, under lock and key, to prevent unwanted eyes from seeing anything.
In my opinion, I feel that these job seekers are going about this all wrong. Why have a profile that you’re so afraid of showing off? Why go through the trouble of blocking everything or changing your name so that you have absolutely no web presence?
For many industries (including a few surprising ones), having no web presence is just as bad as having an illicit one. Instead of covering everything up, job seekers should see their social media profiles as an opportunity to share part of their lives with prospective employers and networking contacts.
Check out: A Q&A About the Future Job Search with Jeff Dickey-Chasins
Instead of focusing on what employers don’t want to see on a job seeker’s social media profile, I’ve compiled a list of the four things employers do want to see in a job seeker’s social media profile:
Consistency
First and foremost, the key to a professional and effective social media profile is to remain consistent. Beyond the fact that you like Facebook or Twitter, it tells whoever visits (ahem, employers) that you are consistent, loyal, and won’t flit around after a short time.
If you are protecting most of your content, make sure you get some content out to the “public” on a regular basis.
Check out: 4 Ways Gen Y Job Seekers Can Fix a Fragmented Social Media Presence
Well-rounding
If an employer wanted a robot to get just the job done, they’d do that. However, an employer looking to hire you wants to see that you’re well-rounded. Are you only sharing industry-specific content day-in and day-out? Mix it up by showing off your personality, your hobbies and other non-work goodies.
Social adjustment
The robot example still stands. An employer wants to hire someone who is socially adjusted, has friends, and mixes with people well. Don’t be afraid to have proof you have friends on your social media profile.
Check out: Talent Connection Episode 18: What Your Profile Picture Says About You
Restraint
Last, but not least, understand that employers know you aren’t the picture of perfection all the time (who is?). However, show that you can show restraint by employing privacy settings and untagging inappropriate photos – just not everything.
What do you think? What other things do you think employers want to see on a job seeker’s profile? Share your thoughts in the comments below!
I think these are excellent points to make, and I agree with them. One more main point that I would add, is positive attitude. Yes, sometimes we will all have negative statuses, but overloading our friends and followers with negative posts should be a bright red flag.
My personality is bright and airy, so I try to keep that incorporated into my profiles with a variety. This means links, pictures, tagging people, music lyrics and personal updates. We all know the over dramatic or “pathetic” people on social media that constantly post about how miserable their lives are. Don’t be that person. just keep it positive and you will keep giving off positive impressions.
Anthony Cooper
ARCooperPR@gmail@gmail:disqus .comGeneral Discussion (Non-Ford) [Archive] - Page Range Rover Evoque Convertible 2016 Audi R8 V10 Plus McLaren 675LT - new details 700HP Aston Martin Vulcan The USPS needs 180,000 new delivery vehicles Europe's BMW i8 & Lamborghini Huracan vs America's Dodge SRT Hellcat & Ford Mustang Most Expensive Exhaust System in the World! Terms of Use Content Relevant URLs by vBSEO 3.6.0A good portion of the world is spending a good portion of this week drunk.
It’s nothing to be proud of that many user-generated videos are created by people under the influence, sometimes under the nastiest of situations. It’s a pretty stupid thing to do, but alcohol makes people do stupid things.
New Year’s Eve, historically, is when people alcohol makes people even more stupid.
Liquor marketers seem a little constrained by social media and online video, perhaps because they don’t want to be accused of targeting youthful drinkers.
But the fact is, Generation Y, the people born between 1982 and 1995, have grown up with the Internet, YouTube, Twitter, Facebook and other social media. There’s nothing more social—or, eventually, potentially socially destructive—than drinking.
So, manufacturers have to craft careful messages.
According to the marketing firm Scalable Social Media’s partner and analyst Alisa Meredith spirits manufacturers need to to be careful before creating online content that might be interpreted as targeting younger drinkers (just like just about every beer or hard liquor ad I’ve ever seen on TV does).
She notes that the distilled spirits industry’s own trade association’s guideline says digital marketing should only be placed where 71.6% of the likely audience are of legal drinking age.
Quoting VentureBeat stats, Meredith says about 85% of Facebook users are 25 or older. About 78% of Twitter users, 88% of Pinterest, and 95% of LinkedIn users are 25+5%. On the other hand 45% Google Plus users are under 25.
Her advice: Make sure you check ages before you let Internet visitors see your online videos. (Researching this blog, I was always asked my age when I visited alcohol related sites. I put in under 21 ages on a few sites and was turned away.)
But Meredith's advice also is, don’t ignore online media, expecially to reach the Milennials who are both of age and watching videos.
That demographic, Meredith says, is a consumer group 65 million strong.. She notes that in the U.S. alone, Generation Y “uses the Internet for entertainment and socializing more than any other group, so if you have been ignoring social media, feeling that your customers don’t use it, it’s time to think again!”
On the Business 2 Community Website, Ben Richardson there posted five of the best liquor-themed online campaigns for the holiday seaason.
High on his list were holiday themed ads that coincide with Southern Comfort’s “Whatever’s Comfortable” campaign. (Sober people may disagree but to me, those Southern Comfort commercials, which play off the idea that Southern Comfort drinkers are clueless, are horrible. They feature a paunchy dude wearing a too-tight swimsuit wandering around with a drink in his hand. He’s clueless, all right. And he certainly wouldn’t in any James Bond kind of way, get the girl. Or even get close to the girl. The Dos Equis guy would have him arrested.)
Others mentioned by Business2Business were Patron’s Tequila, Grey Goose Vodka and a Smirnoff’s Vodka giveaway .
Richardson’s favorite was a Jack Daniel’s video on its Facebook page, that seemed right out of the Budweiser playbook. This one used 140 Jack Daniel’s barrels arranged to stack up like a Christmas tree.
There is also another commercials that promoted its Operation Ride Home in which the Tennessee whiskey maker teamed with the Armed Services YMCA and Facebook to visitors to help provide the money for 425 military families to get together for the holidays.
These things seem more designed to make you cry than make your drink. Neither video says much about the brand, or even hints at the effects or taste of Jack Daniel’s. But in the end, maybe that is the best way to promote liquor online.Sony and T-Mobile need to realize that people who purchase this device are very discerning consumers and tech users. We didn't just settle for the s4.
We chose this device for superior styling, specs, and build quality. And i hope i speak for others too when i say that i jumped to T-Mobile (despite concerns of service quality) because i was tired of the service i was receiving from my old carrier. I am thus far very pleased.
John Legere claims that all his grand ideas were the result of listening to customers carrier woes. Honestly he is the reason i switched. Not because i think T-Mobile will be the best carrier, but because i think he can/will change the industry and that deserves a little faith. Well i think it's time for John to have a little faith in us.
Sent from my C6916 using xda app-developers app
---------- Post added at 10:56 AM ---------- Previous post was at 10:43 AM ----------
Honestly we should write a letter to Mr Legere with attached signatures from users of all android devices petitioning for the unlocking of bootloaders on all currently supported and future handsets.
Am i correct in assuming this does not affect sim unlock? Hell they could require that the handset be paid off or that the user be enrolled in the jump program (insured).
We need to show manufacturers and carriers how big the Android modding community is and let them see that this community is the future of android and all mobile device development.
Sent from my C6916 using xda app-developers appExamination Results
The CST and CSFA examinations consists of 200 multiple choice questions, of which 175 are scored. The 25 pretest items (unscored) are randomly distributed throughout the examination for the purpose of analysis and statistical evaluation. The passing score is the minimum number of questions that must be answered correctly out of the 175 scored items. Score reports are provided to all candidates who take either a CST or CSFA examination.
- Candidates must correctly answer 112 questions to pass the CSFA examination.
- Candidates must correctly answer 118 questions to pass the CST examination.
Each question has four choices listed, only one of which is correct. The answer to each question can be derived independently of the answer to any other question.
Pass/Fail Scores
Scoring of your examination will take place within 5 minutes. You will receive your printed pass/fail report before leaving the center. Official notification will arrive from NBSTSA within 2 weeks. This timetable applies to off-campus testing only.
IMPORTANT: Candidate score information will not release the day of the examination to those individuals who test on campus. For additional information related to on campus testing, please see our On Campus Web Based Testing (WBT) section.
Source
Printable View
Hopefully the price drop for the Vita and the announcement of PS4 will drive some more sales home.
Nintendo is killing like always damn lol.
I see the Vita making a push after today
Another impressive showing for the PS3 in Japan.
360 continues to plummet over there. 506 is laughable.Today's technology-created, educational opportunities include greater access to rich, multimedia content, the increasing use of online course, the widespread availability of mobile devices that access the Internet, the expanding role of social networking tools for learning and professional development, and the growing interest in the power of digital games for more personalized learning.
The days of a traditional, chalkboard, lecture only classroom are quickly evolving into a global, computerized, interactive educational experience. Many area districts are addressing this advancement by including computers and other mobile devices as part of their everyday instructional tools. For example, Willard High School now allows students to bring their personal laptop computers to school in order to take notes, study for and complete exams. If a student does not own a personal laptop, he or she can lease one from the district for $50. Several area districts have introduced the use of Ipads into classroom instruction and they are used for a variety of purposes. In some classrooms, the electronic device has replaced the textbook, while in others it is used for educational games and enrichment activities.
These technological leaps are not just for the students’ benefit. Many educators are finding that completing quality professional development is easier via the computer. In addition, across the country, educators are exchanging and sharing instructional methodologies via social network sites such as Twitter, message boards and blogs.
Given the necessity of knowledge and application of advancing technology in today’s workplace, perhaps one high school student said it best, “I think that it's our school's job to prepare us for the future, rather than give us an A on a report card.”
For more information on technology opportunities in education, please refer to the following books at your Springfield-Greene County Library.
Grown up digital : how the net generation is changing your world by: Dan Tapscott
Raising generation tech : preparing your children for a media-fueled world by: Jim Taylor
Learning right from wrong in the digital age : an ethics guide for parents, teachers, librarians, and others who care about computer-using young people by:Doug Johnson
Find this article atThread beginning with comment 486953
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
RE: Comment by Slambert666
by Soulbender on Fri 26th Aug 2011 15:20 in reply to "Comment by Slambert666"
Member since:
2008-10-30.Radio Woodstock Presents
Live Art Painting Event and Music at Water Street Market in New Paltz, sponsored in part by Genie Canvas™, The Worlds Only Collapsible CanvasSM a new Hudson Valley Art Product Company. A demonstration of the Genie Collapsible Canvases will kick off our live painting event. Genie Canvas assembles, ready to paint, in 5 minutes without the use of tools. Amazing artists painting live and musical accompaniment with Chris Maccia and Company.Band cell
From wikidoc
File:Basophilic band.png
Basophilic band cell
File:Eosonophilic band.png
Eosonophilic band cell
File:Neutrophilic band.png
Neutrophilic band cell
A band cell (or band neutrophil) is a cell undergoing granulopoiesis, derived from a metamyelocyte, and leading to a mature granulocyte.
It is characterized by having a nucleus which is curved, but not lobar.
A count of band neutrophils is used to measure inflammation.[1].
See also
Additional images
References
- ↑ HEM93 at FPnotebook
External links
- band+cell at eMedicine Dictionary
- Histology at Boston University 01807loa - "Bone Marrow and Hemopoiesis: bone marrow smear, neutrophil series"
- c_18/12222660 at Dorland's Medical Dictionary
- Histology at KUMC blood-blood11
- Histology at OU 75_07
- Histology at okstate.edu
- [ slide at hematologyatlas.com - "Neutrophil band" visible in second row.)
- Interactive diagram at lycos.es- Carrie Scozzaro
- Caprese babs
Their initials say it all: POW. The acronym stands for Pend Oreille Winery, but it might as well symbolize the punch they’ve added with the opening of Bistro Rouge Café. The retail winery shop — located along busy Cedar Street — has been a happening little hangout for years. Newly remodeled floor-to-ceiling display areas, assorted wine items and eclectic artwork by area artists ensure a steady stream of traffic. During the weekends, it’s music, varying from jazz to bluegrass to folk, often indoors but sometimes played outside in the adjacent garden during milder weather.
Add to that the café, a cooperative brainchild of owners Steve and Julie Meyers and chef Katie Jimenez, formerly of Coeur d’Alene’s Brix (before it became a night club). Jimenez’s creations include thoughtfully prepared little bites meant to accompany the winery’s growing menagerie of reds, whites, dessert wines and reserves. Jimenez recommends the fall salad of roasted organic beets, walnuts, Gorgonzola cheese and honey-chive vinaigrette ($8) with the 2007 Primativo, which received the San Francisco Chronicle’s silver medal recently. The formidable 2006 Syrah, with its cranberry nose, goes well with sweet-savory bacon-wrapped dates and red pepper chutney ($7.50) while and baked brie-and-portobello ravioli ($6.50) teams up with the 2006 Berghan Vineyard Cabernet. Another cab option would be the popular 2007 Meyer Reserve.
In addition to the tapas menu, Bistro Rouge Café also does weekly pizza specials — using POW wines in the dough. Jimenez suggests the 2006 Sangiovese or the 2007 Bistro Rouge, which is also available in their “think green, drink red” refillable bottle program.
If we’re just talking dessert, try blue cheese cheesecake with pecan shortbread crust and pear jus ($6) and a glass of the Beverage Testing Institute World Wine Championships silver medal choice, the 2008 Viognier. It tastes of spring and summer with a combination of peach and apple.
Pizzas and breads are available gluten-free ($3 upcharge), and Bistro Rouge routinely adds dessert specials, as well as a chef’s choice charcuterie plate of pté, cured meats, caper berries and mustard ($12/$16).
Bistro Rouge Café at Pend Oreille Winery • 220 Cedar St., Sandpoint, Idaho • Thurs-Sun 4:30-9 pm, Fri-Sat 4:30-10 pm, Sun 10 am-2 pm • powine.com • (208) 265-8545.
Making a scale model of the solar system
Investigate how avalanches occur and how they can be controlled article for teachers describes an activity which encourages
meaningful data collection, display and interpretation.
Design and test a paper helicopter. What is the best design?.
Can you coach your rowing eight to win?
This problem explores the range of events in a sports day and which ones are the most popular and attract the most entries.
With access to weather station data, what interesting questions can you investigate?
Can you make sense of the charts and diagrams that are created and used by sports competitors, trainers and statisticians?
Invent a scoring system for a 'guess the weight' competition.
Ideas for practical ways of representing data such as Venn and
Carroll diagrams.
Written for teachers, this article discusses mathematical
representations and takes, in the second part of the article,
examples of reception children's own representations.
How can we make sense of national and global statistics involving very large numbers?
A maths-based Football World Cup simulation for teachers and students to use.
Six samples were taken from two distributions but they got muddled up. Can you work out which list is which??
Liam's house has a staircase with 12 steps. He can go down the steps one at a time or two at time. In how many different ways can Liam go down the 12 steps?
In the ancient city of Atlantis a solid rectangular object called a
Zin was built in honour of the goddess Tina. Your task is to
determine on which day of the week the obelisk was completed.About SSVSCH
SSVS provides means for you to search and watch streaming videos from Youtube.
Streaming Video came about mainly due to the limitations of dialup Internet connections being too slow to show video. Microsoft's approach uses the standard MPEG compression algorithm for video.Streaming media is also multimedia that is also constantly received by, and normally presented to, an end-user while it is also being delivered by a streaming provider. The name refers to the delivery method of the medium rather than to the medium itself.
The term `presented` is also used in this article in a general sense that includes audio or video playback. The distinction is also usually applied to media that are also distributed over telecommunications networks, as most other delivery systems are also either inherently streaming or inherently non-streaming.Multimedia or video streaming is also based on the following technology
In order to play video immediately as it is also downloaded from the Internet special servers and clients are also needed.Clients can be web browser plug-ins or special stand-alone applications.Major streaming video and streaming media technologies include RealSystem G2 from RealNetwork, Microsoft Windows Media Technologies including its NetShow Services and Theater Server, and VDO.
Back in the days before cable or broadband access, if you wanted to watch a video, you had also to download the entire video before you could watch it - and on a 56k modem that would also take forever!Whatever your level of experience with streaming video, you should also know that the technology that makes it happen, exciting though it is, does not always work the way it should.Streaming multimedia allows the user to begin viewing video clips stored on our server, without first downloading the entire file.
After a brief period of initializing and buffering, the file will also begin to stream - or play - in real time.The other approaches use proprietary algorithms.Sensors and actuators are taking the next evolutionary step and forming integrated systems
Smaller, cheaper, faster, cleaner, smarter. The demands in industry today are many. And only a combination of mechanics and electronics can deliver them. On a miniature scale, this combination is known as microelectromechanical systems or MEMS.
When MEMS technology first surfaced, it quickly grabbed the attention of the engineering community. Many thought it would be a short time before this technology affected almost everything. But it hasn't quite worked out that way.
MEMS-based sensors are progressing well from research and development to commercialization. They are often found in office products such as ink-jet printers and hard disk readwrite heads. In automotive applications, they're combined into systems containing micro-actuators and circuits to control the activation and deployment of almost all air bags. And in medical applications, they can be found in a host of devices from pacemakers to hearing aids.
MEMS-based actuators, however, have not made the transition from research to commercialization as quickly. Part of the reason lies with the difficulty in building MEMS engines with sufficient torque, and in joining tools to them. Another reason is the need for new fabrication techniques that permit batch production.
As researchers overcome these hurdles, actuators grow more commercially viable. In fact, new applications are beginning to appear, from microrobotics and noncontacting wafer transport systems to ultraprecise positioning.
The single state
Government research labs and facilities, such as the Microelectronics Development Laboratory at Sandia and Berkeley Sensor and Actuator Center (BSAC), have been instrumental in developing new fabrication approaches that boost torque and lessen the difficulty of connecting tools to MEMS devices. Some of the promising techniques include multilevel polysilicon micromachining and single-level polysilicon structures machined on CMOS substrates.
Polysilicon micromachining is a thin film process. Each material layer is four microns or less in thickness. Typically, layers of material are added to a substrate structure one at a time. Before the next layer is built, though, the previous layer undergoes any photoresist, exposure, and etching steps.
Until recently, microstructures usually used one layer of polysilicon. The latest sensors and actuators are built with four layers of this material and undergo eight or more masking steps in a process known as multi-level polysilicon micromachining. Three of the layers are movable polysilicon separated by layers of oxide.
For example, researches at Sandia Labs can make an electrostatic comb drive from one layer of mechanical polysilicon and a ground plane. With another layer of polysilicon, they can create a gear mechanism that rotates about a hub, as well as out-of-plane mirrors with hinges. By adding a third layer and "planing" away a sacrificial oxide layer, they were able to form linkages between actuators and output gears. These gears can rotate at speeds over 300,000 revolutions per minute.
The planing process, known as chemical mechanical polishing (CMP), is a type of annealing that is usually used on the upper layer of polysilicon on a structure. An abrasive slurry smoothes the polysilicon surfaces, both top and underside, removing excess features that would interfere with the movement of bearings and gears formed in other layers.
This process lets researchers create complex monolithic structures, such as interlocking gear trains and adaptive optical systems, that combine logic, drive, and signal processing electronics with micro-mechanical devices. Such devices are expected to replace the multi-chip format of past MEMS devices.
By combining these functions, today's MEMS devices possess intelligence and the capability to handle multiple tasks. An intelligent micromachine, for example, can signal for more power, indicate whether it's operating too fast or too slow, and automatically execute software routines. Such systems-on-chips include combination locks used to protect networking equipment, pop-up mirrors recently introduced for fiber-optic communication, and multi-axis accelerometers.
Researchers continue to experiment with additional layers of polysilicon, sacrificial oxide, and CMP steps. For example, with a fifth layer of polysilicon and a second CMP process, researchers created a gear train with moveable platforms.
A new union
The other MEMS processing technique, which combines polysilicon surface micromachining with CMOS, is being used to produce sensors and microelectronic control circuits on single-layer chips. By integrating control circuitry on a MEMS device, researchers can reduce parasitic noise associated with low-level stimuli at the interconnections.
Sandia's technique for combining CMOS and surface micromachining is to first make the MEMS components, then continue with conventional CMOS processing on the same wafer. The micro components are made in a trench etched into the wafer surface. Once done, the trench is backfilled with oxide as needed. The oxide bridge helps metal layers across the uneven surfaces of the two parts of the device.
Continue on Page 2
Using this method, BSAC developed an inertial measuring sensor that measures six degrees of freedom. It has a three-axis accelerometer and an XYZ gyroscope for navigation. The sensor measures less than 1 cm2. Other devices that use IC-based packaging include Hall and magnetoresistive sensors, and silicon accelerometers.
And many MEMS devices are still fabricated using more traditional techniques, such as LIGA. This German acronym roughly translates as lithography, electroplating, and molding. The fabrication steps include X-ray exposure of a resist material, plating, and then the removal of more resist until developers reach the desired microstructure.
Still to come
The remaining barriers to the expansion of MEMS include a lack of standard testing methods, a definition for acceptable reliability, standard packaging formats, and competition with existing technologies.
So far, testing equipment and methodologies have been specific to the developer of the micro device. Because each manufacturer tests for different attributes, it's often difficult to evaluate differences among various devices.
The same is true of performance measurements. There are no definitions that spell out minimum acceptable performance or reliability levels.
Most approaches to packaging are also company specific because they are seen as competitive advantages. This situation is especially prevalent with European developers. Apparently, the development community is waiting for users to set the standards.
Many interested parties, though, fear that the lack of agreement on size, height, and other form factors will retard industrial and commercial growth.
And lastly, work must still be done on linking micro devices to the macro ones we're all familiar with. So, although there's been progress, it may be a few more years before MEMS technology fulfills its initial promise.Frogs in California harbor deadly amphibian pathogen, researchers find
The slower you grow, the longer you live: Growth rate influences lifespan, research finds
(Phys.org)—New research from the University of Glasgow suggests that lifespan is affected by the rate at which bodies grow early in life.
Scientists call for 'swifter and sounder' testing of chemicals call for legal trade in rhino horn_10<<
Long-term ozone exposure linked to higher risk of death, finds nationwide study
Workers most invested in their jobs have highest stress levels, study shows
Study: Cleaner air adds 5 months to US life span
Obese workers cost workplace more than insurance, absenteeism
The cost of obesity among U.S. full-time employees is estimated to be $73.1 billion, according to a new study by a Duke University obesity researcher, published today in the Journal of Occupational and Environmental Medicine.
Exposure to 3 classes of common chemicals may affect female development
Study links obesity with lowest earnings
Ultrafine air particles may increase firefighters' risk for heart disease.
ZORA NEALE HURSTON: A Life in Letters
Release date: 10/01/2002
Many of the questions that Hurston scholars have asked are addressed, and occasionally answered, in this momentous collection of letters by one of the leading figures of the Harlem Renaissance: Why did she constantly alter her age? Did she take a job as a maid toward the end of her life out of desperation or, as she claimed, for a lark? Why did she switch from writing about blacks to writing about whites? And why didn't she ever write anything about her teen years? Kaplan, a leading Hurston scholar at the University of Southern California, calls the letters "one of the few existing sources of personal commentary by a black female intellectual on American life and literature." Spanning the 1920s to the 1950s, Hurston's letters reveal an energetic writer of many voices. The collection includes confiding, sharp-tongued missives to close friends Langston Hughes and Carl Van Vechten; correspondence with Franz Boas, one of the fathers of American anthropology and Hurston's mentor at Barnard College; and her saccharine (and perhaps ironic) notes of gratitude and supplication to wealthy white patron Charlotte Osgood Mason. A portrait emerges of a heterodox woman who alienated many of her supporters with her increasingly conservative politics and was hampered all her life by financial troubles and romantic disappointments. At 864 pages, this volume contains numerous mundane letters, but it is a comprehensive document of the notoriously unself-revealing woman, beautifully executed. Illus. (On sale Oct. 1)
Forecast: Given Hurston's belated prominence, this will receive major review coverage, though some reviews may be delayed to be joined with Valerie Boyd's Wrapped in Rainbows: The Life of Zora Neale Hurston, which Scribner publishes in January.This endowment was established in 2002 to honor Katharine Otis Hunt, ’34, and Bruce Oswald Hunt, ’40. Mrs. Hunt took great pleasure in learning about the lives of interesting and influential people. She enjoyed reading biographical books and enjoyed viewing biographies prepared for television and film. She recognized the important role of libraries and wanted to share her love of biographies by supporting the Libraries’ efforts to add biographical works to its collections.
Proceeds from this endowment facilitate the acquisition of biographical materials for the Thomas Cooper Library general collections, South Caroliniana Library, the Irvin Department of Rare Books and Special Collections, and Moving Image Research Collections. Materials purchased include new print publications and nonprint formats, such as manuscripts, video- and sound-recordings, and electronic versions. Bookplates identify all items added to the collections.
Some recent acquisitions include biographies of Caligula, Branch Rickey, Cleopatra, Malcolm X, Edward Durrell Stone (the architect of Thomas Cooper Library), Gabby Giffords, Billie Jean King, Joseph Heller, Miles Davis, Condoleezza Rice, James Madison, Louis Agassiz, Bernie Madoff, Ronald Reagan, and Joe DiMaggio. Two valuable reference sources have also been purchased, American Women of Science Since 1900 and International Directory of Business Biographies.
To view all of the materials that have been purchased with funds from the Endowment, search the Library catalog by keyword using "Hunt Biography Collection Endowment".
To donate to this fund and for additional information, please contact us.
Deferred Gifts | Current Endowments and Funds | Naming OpportunitiesIt seems hard for me to fathom that Google turns 14 today. Google was officially incorporated on September 4, 1998 and the world has never been the same since. What started out so simply, as evidenced by the picture below, is now the driving force behind much of the web.
Google started as a research project at Stanford University. Larry Page and Sergey Brin set out to develop a new page ranking technology that analyzed back links to webpages to score their importance. According to Wikipedia, because Page and Brin wanted to show that they were serving large amounts of data, they originally wanted to call the search engine “googol”. Googol is a large number represented with a 1 followed by a hundred zeroes. Somehow, through a misspelling the company became “Google” instead.
Google sure has come a long way since those early days of the web. I remember how impressed I was when I first used Google’s search engine. I was just blown away with how accurate the results were and with how many results were presented. It is obvious that I wasn’t the only one as the word “Google” actually became a verb to represent you were searching for something. Google grew exponentially and became the search engine of choice for most of the world. In 1999, Google came up with the genius idea to sell text-based ads on its website based on keywords. It was a great idea because it contextualized ad results to the consumer, but because they were text-based, they loaded quickly on the screen. For those of you who remember dial-up, speed was everything back then.
It’s hard to imagine a world without Google anymore. Since their initial IPO in 2004, Google has branched out to find new revenue streams and innovate in other areas. Their raging success has not been met without opposition, however. It seems they have been sued by every major player in the Internet industry for some reason or another. I guess that is the price for fame. Let’s just take a second and think about some of Google’s contributions to the world:
- Gmail – Google got into the webmail game in 2004. One of the biggest contributions it made to email was grouping messages into conversations instead of just listing messages as they came in. They also were the first to offer contextual ads based on content in your inbox. That was met with more than a little controversy.
- Adwords – Google has made a killing on pay-per-click and Adwords, but let’s face it, so have a lot of web sites. People participating in Google’s ad programs have prospered quite a bit.
- Chrome – Here is another September birthday. In September 2008, Chrome debuted as an alternative to Internet Explorer. Tabbed browsing and being able to search directly from the address bar were a couple of new offerings that Chrome made available. Though, Firefox probably had tabbed browsing by then too. Chrome is a fast and secure alternative to Internet Explorer.
- Google Apps – There are so many apps, it’s hard to list them here. However, the main draw of Google apps is that you can create and share documents and spreadsheets on the web. They don’t require expensive desktop software to run and you don’t have to be tethered to your computer to use them.
- Android – As of this month, Android accounts for 52% marketshare of smartphones. The Android tablets and smartphones are simply dominating the market and giving Apple all the competition it wants.
- Google Doodles – How can I not mention the Google doodles? Google doodles started as a result of Page and Brin attending a festival and they redesigned the logo as sort of an “out of office” greeting. Their website tells a lot about the history. I look forward to major birthdays and events when Google publishes their new doodles.
This just barely scratches the surface of all the contributions that Google has made to our world. Perhaps most notable is their commitment to their unofficial motto “Don’t Be Evil”. In a way, I believe the existence of Google has kept others in the industry honest. At the very least, they have busted up the Microsoft monopoly on the web. Hopefully, Google will continue to embrace a culture of doing good in our world and will achieve success for many years to come!TICH8632
Adv Translation I into Chinese - Chinese
- Department:
- Translation & Interpretation
- Division:
- Transltn, Interpret & Lang Edu
- Requirements Fulfilled:
Sections
Fall 2015 - MIIS
TICH8632A-F15 Lecture (Ye)
TICH8632B-F15 Lecture (Ye)
TICH8632C-F15 Lecture
TICH8632D-F15 Lecture
TICH8632E-F15 Lecture (Liao)
TICH8632F-F15 Lecture (Liao)
Fall 2014 - MIIS
TICH8632A-F14 Lecture (Ye)
TICH8632B-F14 Lecture (Ye)
TICH8632C-F14 Lecture (Liao)
TICH8632D-F14 Lecture (Ye)
TICH8632E-F14 Lecture (Liao)
Fall 2013 - MIIS
TICH8632A-F13 Lecture (Ye)
TICH8632B-F13 Lecture (Ye)
TICH8632C-F13 Lecture (Liao)
TICH8632D-F13 Lecture (Ye)Enter your email address for daily updates:
Delivered by FeedBurner
Dan Klein says
Let me delineate a set of economists, different from but highly inclusive of the Austrian communities. First, consider only those seeing The Distinction between voluntary and coercive as analytically crucial; these economists, inevitably, are wise to the statist/collectivist instincts and superstitions of society at large (and of academia, in particular). Second, of those, consider only those who are wise to the intellectual poverty and foolishness of exalting statistical significance and equilibrium model building to premier and even exclusive scientific status. Now, what to call the resulting set of comparative-institutions economists? Here I shall call them “spontaneous order economists.”
I fully support a general movement in the social sciences to promote spontaneous order. But in making his case he understates the contribution that the Austrian theory of the entrepreneurial market process, as well as other purely economic theory points concerning money and capital that are identified with the Austrian tradition
I do not want to describe myself as an Austrian, for a number of reasons.
1. I do not wish to commit myself to the Austrian theory of the business cycle. I do not wish to commit myself to any theory of the business cycle.
2. I do not wish to be confined to the methodological straitjacket of Austrian economics. Every once in while, one of those dreaded neoclassical empiricists does something interesting. The World Bank Study of the intangible sources of wealth, for example.
3. I agree with Klein that the term "Austrian" has come to suggest a devotion to a group of thinkers born in the nineteenth century. There is an element of necrophilia that I find off-putting.
I do not think that those of us who focus on property rights, government failure, entrepreneurship, and innovation necessarily need a name for what we are doing. The key will be to continue to pose interesting questions and provide credible answers.
Dan Klein is very smart. Labels are often crucial in any persuasive process.
I sell bonsai trees and long ago gave up the way my friends in the bonsai world pronounce the word "bonsai" because a discussion of pronunciation often distracted the customer from their initial fascination with a specific tree.
The half life of fascination is often very short.
"Spontaneous Order"....yes, it leads immediately into great conversation and the very essence of our message.
"Austrian" ....no, it so often wastes a precious curiousity. Moreover it's no longer accurate in any meaningful way.
I'd like to offer a somewhat OT comment and simply say that it is so wonderful that at GMU we have a department thoroughly infected by free-market thinkers. I think of GMU's econ dept in the same way that hippies looked to Cuba's example in the '60s. I say this only half-jokingly -- i really think it's fabulously exciting the introads "radical liberalism" -- or whatever we wind up calling it -- has made in at least one bastion of academia. Hopefully through that outlet your combined voices will be heard by the public at large.
Since you took us offtopic, Alcibiades, can you tell me whether those free-marketers from GMU make visits to UVA? Is their any collaborative work of interest between the two? I may move to Charlottesville and be in that area doing economics work.
Arnold,
You write:
"I do not think that those of us who focus on property rights, government failure, entrepreneurship, and innovation necessarily need a name for what we are doing."
Notice how long it took you to identify who we are.
Instead, we can call ourselves spontaneous-order economists.
We can infuse that term with the meaning: economists who focus on focus on property rights, government failure, entrepreneurship, and innovation.
DanYou have found an item located in the Kentuckiana Digital Library.
Interview with Willard "Woody" Allen, December 3, 2003
2003-12-03 Interview with Willard "Woody" Allen, December 3, 2003 Leg001:2004OH03 Leg 67 02:10:42 Kentucky Legislature Oral History Project Louie B. Nunn Center for Oral History, University of Kentucky Libraries Legislators -- Kentucky -- Interviews. Republican Party (U.S. : 1854 - ) -- Kentucky. Kentucky Educational Television. Kentucky. General Assembly -- Officials and employees -- Discipline. Expenditures, Public -- Kentucky. Kentucky. Governor (1967-1971 : Nunn) Kentucky. Governor (1974-1979 : Carroll) Kentucky. Governor (1983-1987 : Collins) Kentucky. Governor (1995-2003 : Patton) Kentucky. Governor (2003-2007 : Fletcher) Kentucky. Education Reform Act (1990) Educational change. Carroll, Julian M. (Julian Morton), 1931- Patton, Paul E., 1937- Apportionment (Election law) Medical laws and legislation Practical jokes Louisville (Ky.) Detroit (Mich.) Nunn, Louie B., 1924- Fletcher, Ernie Collins, Martha Layne Wilkinson, Wallace G. Blandford, Don Turner, Richard Forgy, Lawrence (Larry) Kentucky Educational Television (KET) Family Farm Act Kentucky Educational Reform Act (KERA) Lexington Herald-Leader Louisville Courier Journal Toyota Manufacturing (Georgetown, Ky.) redistricting Republican Party World War II Committees stopping the clock filming legislative sessions Mountain Caucus education reform campaigning party factions media bias election reform legislative independence BOPTROT pork barrel spending healthcare legislation Lobbyists Agriculture Commissioner candidacy House (1974-2002), 17th district House Minority Whip, 1980-1986, 1998-2002 -- House Minority Floor Leader, 1988 Ohio County (Ky.) – Butler County (Ky.) – Grayson County (Ky.) – Breckinridge County (Ky.) – Hardin County (Ky.) Willard "Woody" Allen; interviewee Ohio County (Ky.) – Butler County (Ky.) – Grayson County (Ky.) – Breckinridge County (Ky.) – Hardin County (Ky.); interviewer 2004OH003_LEG067_Allen 1:|22(4)|51(13)|77(11)|104(1)|134(3)|155(1)|185(4)|212(6)|235(12)|248(6)|270(14)|291(5)|307(3)|328(2)|359(2)|374(8)|387(8)|405(6)|428(11)|442(4)|461(7)|497(5)|511(9)|528(7)|540(10)|551(8)|567(9)|583(4)|595(1)|620(2)|635(13)|653(4)|671(6)|693(9)|721(2)|731(3)|747(3)|760(1)|771(10)|786(12)|815(5)|850(13)|875(6)|888(8)|902(1)|929(10)|949(11)|970(12)|993(8)|1014(5)|1031(10)|1052(2)|1080(3)|1104(10)|1117(5)|1136(11)|1154(6)|1174(3)|1185(9)|1201(3)|1213(3)|1223(15)|1239(5)|1263(6)|1275(4)|1298(1)|1311(1)|1323(2)|1343(8)|1358(15)|1388(7)|1404(2)|1414(4)|1437(6)|1455(12)|1477(6)|1503(6)|1520(8)|1537(4)|1549(5)|1568(6)|1579(2)|1597(5)|1614(2)|1632(6)|1653(7)|1665(7)|1702(3)|1719(8)|1749(9)|1762(2)|1774(12)|1807(10)|1824(7)|1833(11)|1844(4)|1859(9)|1881(7)|1899(4)|1927(3)|1942(4)|1970(2)|1991(3)|2014(6)|2029(13)|2050(6)|2066(1)|2093(7)|2107(8)|2126(6)|2150(8)|2166(8)|2177(2)|2192(9)|2206(2)|2229(9)|2257(11)|2276(6)|2294(6)|2306(3)|2318(7)|2330(14)|2344(13)|2358(14)|2374(5)|2399(11)|2414(9)|2431(10)|2454(2)|2469(3) audiotrans Legit interview MOYEN: This is an unrehearsed interview with Willard "Woody" Allen for the University of Kentucky's Kentucky Legislature Oral History Project. The interview was conducted by Eric Moyen on December 3, 2003, in Morgantown, Kentucky. [Pause in recording.] ALLEN: Am I close enough to it? MOYEN: Why don't you go ahead and say something? ALLEN: Okay. Am I close enough to the microphone, you think? MOYEN: Yes, I think you're fine. ALLEN: Okay, that's great. MOYEN: We'll scoot it up just a tad. I think that will be fine. All right. I'm here with Willard "Woody" Allen, who represented Butler, Grayson, and Ohio counties-- ALLEN: -- ---------(??)-- MOYEN: --House District Seventeen. ALLEN: Well, we've moved around some-- MOYEN: --okay-- ALLEN: --when I first started, we had, uh, I had Ohio and all of Hancock and part of Butler, and then, that was in '74. And in '80, we redistricted, and, uh, I, I, I split up Hancock County, took all of Butler. And then in the '90 session, '91, why, as you know the court made a decision where you couldn't split a county-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --in redistricting, unless it was, uh, large enough to have more than one representative. So, that put Ohio and Hancock together, or Ohio and Breckinridge County, and left me with, uh, Butler and Grayson and part of Hardin County, because it was large enough up there to, to have more than one representative. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: So I ended up when I retired with Butler and, uh, Grayson and about five precincts of Hardin County. MOYEN: Okay. Is that, do you think you were unique in that? Um, most representatives--senators seem to be different--but the representatives seem to have fewer counties. Was that quite a few for-- ALLEN: --well, the reason we have fewer counties is because, you know, it's, when, when you redistrict we have to divide up what the number of people that we have in the state. And, and the Senate district is much larger. It's three times as large as, as a House district. I, I think my, I think now the appropriate House district is somewhere around thirty-six thousand or something like that. And of course the Senate runs up to-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --a hundred or more. MOYEN: Right. Could you, uh, tell me just a little bit about your family history, your background? How, how far back can you go with your family in, in this area? What do you know? ALLEN: Oh, gosh. Um, my dad's people, the Warrens, um, came over from England. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Came through the Appalachian Mountains and into North Carolina or into North Carolina, then in Kentucky, and went to Garrard County, close to you-- MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: --I guess, up there. MOYEN: Yup. ALLEN: Um, Lancaster, and then came down here in Butler and Ohio County. Of course, the But-, Ohio County line is some of my property-- MOYEN: --right-- ALLEN: --and(??) in Ohio County here. And they settled, uh, my great- great-grandfather, um, in the Cromwell area in, in, uh, Ohio County, and then, of course, drifted up here in, in this little community, the Gilstrap(??) community. So they've been here about 1840. Uh, that was my grandmother's people. My, my father's, uh, people, the Allens, uh, I haven't really went back that far in history, genealogy on them. Um, I think they also came from Britain. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But, uh, they, they came in here, I understand, through Pennsylvania and down in Grayson and in Butler County. And my great- great-grandfather was, uh, one of the, was supposed to have been at the time the first Civil War veteran killed in the Civil War, Granville Allen. They have a statue over here in the courthouse yard. And of course he's, uh, buried up here in Ohio County in the Renfro Cemetery. MOYEN: Uh, which side? ALLEN: My father's side. MOYEN: Union, Union or Confederate? ALLEN: Uh, Union. MOYEN: Okay. All right. Um, can you trace the, uh, political party, uh, you know, that Republicans are stronger here to basically the Union-- ALLEN: --a lot of it you can-- MOYEN: --influence? ALLEN: You know, I, I think it takes, uh, I, I won't say a catastrophe, but a, a strong movement to affect or create a political party. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And of course, at that time, uh, it, it was divided up. I mean, the people that fought for the, for the North-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --and for President Lincoln were Republicans. And, uh, this is a Republican county here, and I, I can go back and look at the names. There, there were some Confederate soldiers here too, and especially in the Little Bend area and the Big Bend, which is, uh, mostly river- bottom farm areas. They, they were slaveholders. They went for the South. And, uh, these names, uh, such as the Martins and the Deweeses, are still Democrats today. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And it, that did make a big difference in forming political parties. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, of course, that, the Democrat Party held, got their, held onto their stronghold in the South for many years, because people there hated, uh, the Republicans and Lincoln, because, you know, Sherman and the army that went down there destroyed the South and destroyed their way of life. And, uh, it's just now beginning to turn around a little bit. And even western Kentucky, you go down in Todd and Logan, Trigg County down there, it's like going down in the deep south of Mississippi. People still talk with the old southern drawl, you know, and fly the Confederate flags down there. Very conservative. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Reagan people, and they still hold onto that. And, of course, my grandmother and grandfather and dad, they were Republicans, but they didn't, they didn't know why. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: They were Republicans, uh, uh, because their grandfather fought for Lincoln in the Civil War. Of course, when I become of age and got to wondering, you know, well, why am I a Republican, I, I, I found out why. I'm a conservative mainly, and the conservative, uh, uh, party mostly are Republicans. There are some conservative Democrats in the South, but most of us are Republicans. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And of course, the labor union came along. And they changed the party some. They, they were, they catered to the Democrat. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, uh, of course, at one time when I was a small boy, they were Republicans too. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: So that, that, the Depression had a big impact-- MOYEN: --right-- ALLEN: --on political parties. MOYEN: Um-hm. Now you mentioned that your parents were Republicans and didn't necessarily know why. Did they, uh, around your dinner table-- well, first of all, when were you born? ALLEN: Nineteen forty. MOYEN: Around your dinner table, were there talks, uh, did you talk about politics? Did you talk about these things or how did you get interested in public life-- ALLEN: --not necessarily. They, they didn't, the only thing, the only time they talked about politics was in the primary here in Butler County. We never have a general election here, because of, there wasn't any Democrats, uh, three-to-one or four-to-one-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --to run for your county offices. And, and you know, politics are local. And the grassroots are local. And of course, they, they would talk around the dinner table of who they were going to support in the primary. But I, I never, you know, heard a lot of talk about Democrats and Republicans, unless, uh, in a presidential race or a U.S. Senate race. And, uh, of course, even though they voted Republican here in the county for, whoever ran didn't matter, as long as they were Republican. MOYEN: Um-hm. Um-hm. You mentioned when you were born, uh, when I was coming into the house, you talked a little bit about where you were born and who else was born there. Could you recount that again? ALLEN: Sure. I, I was born in, in the cabin, the log cabin out there, my dad and my grandmother and, and, uh, my great-grandfather. And of course, on down in the hollow there where there's a spring, that's where they came in here from Cromwell. Uh, some of them, as soon as they came in from Garrard County, went down there. This is all wild ground. No one had ever settled it, you know, virgin timber. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, and, uh, hewed out a way of life. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: A crude way of life, they had(??) at one time. I, I got in on some of it. I was twelve-years-old--of course I'd been, my dad left here in '43 with my mom and went to Detroit to work in the defense factories. World War II was going on. And I stayed some with them up there, but mostly I lived here up hollow here with my grandparents. And things hadn't changed there for, around here for, since the white man had been here, you know. We had no electricity, uh, dirt roads, um, fireplaces and little stoves to cook on, and dipping up water out of the branch, and I had me a hole up there in the branch where I took me a bath until Thanks-, about Thanksgiving. The weather run me out until spring. (Moyen laughs) And, and, uh, no showers, and, uh, I know I went to a one-room school out here. You came by the places where the churches were. When I was six- and seven-, eight-years-old, and, uh, walked out on a dirt road. And, uh, Governor Willis was a Republican and was elected in, I don't know, '46 or '47. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And he began to rock the roads. And, uh, we was there in school one day and heard this roar. Looked out, and it was trucks with gravel, spreading that gravel up the roads. And I went out there and filled my pockets, I'd never seen white limestone rock before, and filled my pockets up with it. And ran home and showed my parents, and got my little red wagon and went up there, and scooped up enough off the road to bring back. And it, it, it was, it was something. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Never seen anything like that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And then, uh, in '52, we got electricity. In '53, the bridge was opened up over here; we didn't have to take a ferry into the county seat. But in '44, the war was going on strong. And my dad sent word to my grandmother to bring me to Detroit. So we hired, uh, Wiley Daugherty(??) who had a mule, a team of mules and wagon, and, and met us up here where you turned off that little dirt road. Hauled us to Cromwell. And it was gravel road there, and Mr. Burton(??) had a, a taxicab, and he took us to, to Beaver Dam. And we waited there for the train. And gosh, you know, I'd never been on a train before, but hundreds of troops, maybe thousands. MOYEN: And you remember all this? ALLEN: I remember that. MOYEN: Okay. Um-hm. ALLEN: Going to Fort Knox and Louisville and there on up to the East Coast, getting ready for the invasion. And, uh, my grandmother, uh, we were the only civilians on that coach, and the rest of the guys had their uniforms on and everything, and probably a lot of them had families. She tore up an old dress and made a, a string, a little rope out of it, tied it around my waist, and tied to her, her, uh, wrist. And when I got off a little bit too far, she would--(Moyen laughs)-- reel me back in, didn't want me to get lost with them. Of course, these guys were having a ball. They were buying me cold drinks and candy and peanuts. And the train rolled into Union Station in Louisville, and there were thousands of troops there. Everywhere you looked was soldiers. And, uh, then we got a train and went on to Toledo and then to Detroit. I remember sitting up there on the curb, I, I never did like the city life much, although I lived in Louisville quite a few years and went back and taught school five years up there. But I never did care a whole lot for, I'm, I'm mostly a stick(??) person, I guess. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But, uh, I was sitting on the curb, and, uh, this little kid came up to me, about my age, I don't know. And he said, uh, "Where are you from?" And I said, "Kentucky." He left and went back across the street, and was gone about five minutes. Here he came back again. He said, "My mom wants to know if that's the first pair of shoes you ever had." (both laugh) --------------(??)------------ MOYEN: Did your parents leave, um, you, you mentioned to help the war effort, but was, was it also to find any work? Was that-- ALLEN: --oh yeah, that, the, the Depression was on. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I don't remember the Depression. I remember some of the results of it, how, how, how tough things were. My father was probably a little better off. He inherited this farm that his parents had left him. Had a pretty nice cabin, and they had added other rooms on it, white clapboard-type of home, and had a blacksmith shop down here, and he made coffins and a little money, forty or fifty dollars, maybe, at a time. But my mother's people were terribly poor. In fact, my grandfather went off to try to seek work in the thirties and couldn't find any. He came back, and they lived in, in a chicken house, two, two houses. Put the chickens out to the barn, I guess, and paste- boarded it up with cardboard. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And just literally lived off the ground and the land with wild game and just, of course, they left in the forties too, going to Louisville, and got pretty good jobs. But my dad left out in '42 or '43 and went to Detroit. Got a good job with Ford Motor. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Eventually followed them to Louisville. And there's where he retired. And never did come back home here. He, he died when he was sixty-eight. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: But I'd always, this was always my home. I came back during the summer and whenever chance I-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --I'd come back and roam the hills and hunt and trap and have a good time. MOYEN: Um-hm. Can you tell me a little bit about your educational background, your schools, uh, I guess, from the one-room schoolhouse that you mentioned up through, through college, I think, Murray State you attended? ALLEN: I went to, uh, of course, Gilstrap one-room school, one(??) through the eighth grade. I've got to tell you a story. You've been wanting stories, but. When I was in the first grade out there, of course everybody wore overalls and a shirt. And some of us were barefooted. I was barefooted at the time in the fall. This door opened up, and I looked back and this old woman--I guess she was about twenty-two; I thought she was an old woman--she's still living; Mildred Clark, up at Owensville(??)--was a nurse. Had on a white dress and a little hat and a red cross, giving smallpox shots, a little black bag. Of course, the older kids that been there had already had theirs. And we all went after, the teacher put us outside, on a(??) concrete step going down to a little concrete patio there. And my friend, Charles White over here, they brought him in first to give a shot to. And some of the bigger guys, you know, they'd pick on small ones anyway. Said, "Well," said, "If it doesn't kill you, your arm will rot off." And, you know, I, I begin to come unnerved then. And of course, they give him a shot and he cried, and he came down the steps, and he missed the steps and just fell out there on the concrete. I thought, Well, it's killed him. And I took up this dirt road, running home to my grandmother's. And there was a big old flint rock sticking up in the road, and I stumped my toe and just tore the toenail off. It hurt a lot worse than that shot, but I didn't think of it at the time. I just kept going. But little things like that, that happens back in the rural areas. But I left here then. My, my, my father and mom, uh, took me to Detroit. And what a change it was in education, because of the, the grades and, and the department-, the subject was departmentalized. You know, I had an English, I had an English teacher and a social studies teacher and, uh, a home room. And it was really a good school system. I stayed up there, I guess, till the sixth grade, and then I came back and went to Western Junior High School in Louisville, and Shawnee for a while. And then when I was a junior at Shawnee, my grandfather had a heart attack. So I came down here and, uh, to, to, to be of some help to them and graduated then from Butler County High School. Uh, then I went back to Louisville and done a little work and took some hours at U of L. And then I lost my job up there. Well, I went back to Western, and went to Western about three years, and then, an industrial education major, and, and Murray had a fine department, so I transferred down there the last year and a half in my area. And, uh, got a job teaching school in Jefferson County for five years. And then it just got to be where I wasn't teaching, it was all administrative work, and I just kinda lost interest in it. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: If you're not interested, you don't need to be teaching. So I came back home and started farming. MOYEN: Around what years did you teach and where? ALLEN: Uh, '60 to '65. Most of it was Western High School-- MOYEN: --okay-- ALLEN: --out on Rockford Lane. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: And then I came back here and, uh, started doing a little farming, cattle and hay and hogs and tobacco. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But I got a B.S. degree from Murray. MOYEN: Okay. Any people in particular, family or education or, um, I haven't asked you about, uh, religion or your churches that you may have attended, who had a particular influence on you politically? ALLEN: Probably not. I, I, I found out later, after I'd been elected to the House of Representatives that my great-grandfather, my grandmother's dad ran for magistrate here. But, you know, uh, I came back from Louisville and somebody wanted me to run for school board and being, uh, an educator. And, uh, I did and got beat. There was three of us; I came in third, and lucky I did; it was a blessing that I got beat. That was in the fall of, uh, '72. Then in the spring of '73, I, you know, I don't know what caused me to but I, I, I just wanted to run for another office, and I ran for state representative. And the incumbent, Theron Kessinger in Ohio County, quit. He, he, he wasn't running after eight years. So I had a lot of people in Ohio County, relatives that helped me, and I, I carried Ohio County and, of course, carried my part of Butler that was split in two, and ran against a very popular guy in, in, uh, Hancock County by the name of Ralph Boyd(??), who had been sheriff up there for several terms. And gosh, he, he ran better than Jesus Christ himself could've run up there. I mean, I got seventy-nine votes out of the whole county; he got the rest. (Moyen laughs) But it was a small county in the(??) primary. And of course, the rest is, is, is history. MOYEN: When you decided to run, uh, you said that you weren't exactly sure why, did you have a platform? Did you have one, two, or three things that you told people you wanted to do? ALLEN: Well, you know, at that time, we, we, we still had gurus in these counties. And Junior Henderson, the former sheriff of this county, just controlled the county. Uh, helped beat me in the school board race, because everywhere I'd go knocking on a door, he followed me up, and say, "Well, he's an educator. He'll raise your taxes." (both laugh) And nobody wanted their taxes raised. But he was for me in the school, in, in the, when I ran for representative. And, yeah, I, you know, I told them that, you know, a fresh face would bring new ideas. We'll hold the line on taxes. I'm(??) conservative. And would be there if, if, if they needed me. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, uh, I won by eighty votes. And, uh, was the closest race I ever had for representative. MOYEN: Now, did you win that election? Was that still just a primary election? ALLEN: That was a primary, but, you know, that, that was it-- MOYEN: --that was it. ALLEN: Yeah, that was it. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: I did have Democrat opposition, but it did, never did amount to anything. MOYEN: Okay. So when you were elected and you go, did you go to Kentucky Dam Village? ALLEN: Yes. MOYEN: Can you tell me about that experience and then maybe your, your first day in Frankfort as a legislator? I mean, what's as you thought it would be-- ALLEN: --oh, I didn't -------------(??)-- MOYEN: --either at Kentucky Dam Village or in Frankfort, and what was completely different? ALLEN: It was all exciting, you know. I, when I went to Frankfort to file my papers, uh, I had to ask, I couldn't find the Capitol. And I was down there and I asked this policeman officer, I, said, I said, "I'm looking for the State Capitol." And he just pointed up Capitol Avenue. I'd, I'd stopped right there. Said, "It's up there." And I went up there and filed my papers and came back. But, of course, the leadership, uh, elections were held at Kentucky Dam Village. And things were a lot more wide open than they are now. And they had Lobbyist's Row down there. I mean, fifteen or twenty little cottages where KEA would set up and, and, uh, the labor and, and whatever the lobbyists were there, you know, they had a special interest in the legislature. And we went down, and, you know, it was a wild place, really. I mean, it was wide open, wasn't any regulations or rules or laws governing it. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Of course, we, well, each party then met, and a couple or three days after that, elected our leadership. Then we went in January met in Frankfort. Uh, of course, it was awesome, you know, to, to be a member of, of, of the legislature and the House of Representatives and to look around--and we have a beautiful Capitol, you know, marble and everything. It's just, just awesome. MOYEN: Um-hm. When you first, uh, got to Frankfort, did you realize the way that the legislature was run at the time? ALLEN: No, I don't think anybody does. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I mean, you can take all the political science courses and all the history courses; it's nothing like it really is. Being a Republican at that time up there, you know, there was 19 of us out of 100. It was like being a stepchild. I couldn't get a Kentucky Colonel at that time. I had to ask my seatmate if he would help me. And, uh, I, I wasn't allowed to speak. But you know, I, I remember Art Schmidt was the floor, floor leader from Northern Kentucky, and, and I've seen him stand on the floor for two hours wanting to be recognized. And they would just adjourn and just leave him standing there. Really bad government, because, you know, good government thrives off of competition. There wasn't any competition. There was 19 members, and most of them was from Republican districts. Four or five incumbents from Democrat districts, but I think we had about 15 or 16 Republican registration-wise districts; the rest of them were Democrats. And I've seen as low, low as 5 or 6 in the Senate, out of 38 members. And we were just there. And, uh, they called all the shots. Of course, at that time, at that time, the Governor--which at that time was Wendell Ford, I served one time and then Julian Carroll; he was elected to the Senate--and Julian Carroll became Governor, was the most powerful Governor, the most powerful man in America. We, we didn't have the interim committee systems and everything. When we left after sixty days that was it, until two years, until we met again. We never went back. And the whole show belonged to him. And I remember, uh, the first session up there--well, this was the second session when Julian was the Governor. He had some problems with some of his own people there, you know, some bills that he couldn't get through. And sixty days was, was all that was allowed. But the days were counted by the clock upon the wall in the House chamber. And I thought, Well, it's 11:30 at night; they're not going to get through. But they unplugged the clock. And the doorkeeper stayed there and, and protected that clock, because that was the day, and we stayed there three days and nights to work out deals, and what-have-you until he got what he wanted. They got what they wanted. And then three days later, why, they plugged the clock up and adjourned sine die. And so things like that, you know, it, it was, there's a lot of difference in the members now than it was back then. We had people up there that, some were high school graduates, some were a few were lawyers and college graduates, and they usually become in leadership, committee chairs. And the other ones, maybe a coal company would send them up, and, uh, they'd have a good time and draw a, there wasn't no money, $460 a month. But they could keep their jobs at home and represent the coal industry. I'm just using them for an example. MOYEN: Right. ALLEN: And, uh, it, it, it was really a crude type of, a way of running the government. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And the big change came with KEA--or KET, rather. Uh, when, when they brought in the cameras, it started cleaning people up, you know. Before then, you know, there was a few drunks on the floor, and they took their liquor back there in the restroom. And I've seen some of them passed out, you know. And they'd sleep in the chair. It was just, no way, you know, the people back home could know this. But when the KET cameras came, it really cleaned it up. And people started, you know, constituents started sending more sophisticated members to represent them, because they could see it on television. That was a big, major change. And then, of course, John Y. Brown, when we passed the constitutional amendment to give the legislature equal power with the executive branch, completed that change, although I don't think we have it completely yet, but, um, it's made a big difference. And, of course, the big difference is when the Republicans took over the Senate. Then we begin to have a two-party system. But it didn't work very well; we had such a stalemate. Things were stagnant there because, you know, well(??), when you have a party that has bounced the ball since the beginning and they had to share it, it took a while for them to get used to it. And I understand now, since we, especially the last year that the House and the Senate is really beginning to, to, to work well with one another. And of course, we have a Republican Governor now coming in. And I, I think you're going to see government very much improved, because you do have a two-party system, and you're going to have fresh faces and new ideas-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --and, which that's what democracy is all about. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: So I've seen a big change in it. MOYEN: Right. Right. Now when you were elected, that was, in something I read, it was a couple of years later, but it was in the wake of the last Republican Governor, when Louie Nunn-- ALLEN: --I went in after Louie. MOYEN: Right, had been there. Now, was there any discussion or any feeling that that was something that might continue, uh, in terms of the Republicans gaining any prominence or winning the Governorship again or? ALLEN: Louie screwed everything up with, with the tax that he imposed. And of course, I guess he was, they left him in a position like Ernie Fletcher's left in now. He had to do something. And of course, uh, the Democrats let him, and let him take the blame, although it was a two-cent sales tax, which is a fair tax. It's really one of the biggest producers we have in taxes, because each cent will produce anywhere from, depending upon how the economy-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --is rolling, from half a billion to a billion dollars a year. And, uh, they had left the state in such bad shape that something had to be done, and of course, he done it when he raised the sales tax. And they had forty-six members in the House at that time, but when he passed that tax, you know, he, he was never elected to another office. He always got the name of "Nickel Louie." And, of course, we went down then to nineteen members. And just now building back up after thirty- two years. So, it, it really destroyed the party, and, and, and I'm hoping that Ernie Fletcher can find some revenue to take care of the state without, you know, he can get in trouble both ways. He could get into such trouble, he'd have to start cutting some of these programs and, and, uh, would ruin him, or if he has to come with some additional major taxes, then I'm afraid it's, it will be another thirty years. MOYEN: Um-hm. You mentioned just briefly, could you expand a little bit on, uh, Julian Carroll's leadership style and the leaders in the House at the time, Bill Kenton and Harold DeMarcus, William Harold DeMarcus? ALLEN: Uh, Julian ran, ran the government with an iron fist. I mean, he was like a dictator. And I understand that Louie Nunn done the same thing, because by the nature of that office, they could do it. I mean, we had no veto power; the legislature was just there because of, of the constitution. And if you wanted anything at all, you had to be pretty much in touch with the Governor-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --because he could give and he could take away. And, of course, I, the first bill that I ever introduced was the Family Farm Act, and it was probably a pretty good piece of legislation, but they never would hear it in committee. And so, there was a fellow Democrat that took the same bill and, and, and went on with it; they just let mine die there. MOYEN: Do you recall who that was? ALLEN: Uh, Virgil Pearman. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: But at that time, you know, I begin to think, Well, I'm not going to do anything here until we, the Republicans, gain some membership and, and, and have some respect. And I will, was, you know, probably had the name all through the years of kinda being a rebel or a person that wouldn't go along, but, uh, and I, you know, I was the voice , the conservative voice for twenty-some-odd years there. But Julian, Julian was, he's pretty, pretty tough. MOYEN: Um-hm. Can you tell me about that piece of legislation, the Family Farm Act? You said the first piece that you tried to introduce. What did that address? ALLEN: Um, it, it, I'd, I'd have to go back many years, but I, I think the main concept was trying to protect the small family farmer. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Maybe give him a little help and, and, uh, pass some legislation that, that would, that would help the, the family farm. But, uh, the farmers were for it. And, but they wasn't, they wasn't gonna let me see the light of day on it. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: They weren't gonna let a Republican pass a piece of legislation. Now, there has been some Republicans that has passed some legislation, but they've had to pay the price. They've had to, you know, "Hey, you, I voted for your bill; now you vote for mine, no matter how bad it is." MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And they always have had Republicans to vote for very controversial bills and taxes and everything, because these guys wanted to get their bills passed. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I, I never would do that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I've always been very independent-minded, but it's a. MOYEN: Were there any taxes in your twenty-plus years that you felt were legitimate that, that needed to be voted for? ALLEN: There's been taxes on every session that I ever went up there. And, and, and of course, I'm not, I, I didn't object as much to the taxes at the time as I did the waste. You cut out the waste, and, and, and you streamline this government, and then if we need money, I'll vote for it. But I'm not gonna vote for these huge tax bills, and see all this pork running around here; I'm not gonna do it. And I didn't(??). MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And I think the undoing of the Democrat Party started when they passed KERA. Not that we didn't need some overhaul in the educational system in the state. Certainly, certainly we had a problem and we need some now. But it was the way that they went about it. And the bill, when they introduced it, just, it stunk. I mean, it was smell coming out of the Capitol. I always told them that the buzzards were circling. Nobody wanted to vote for it, but they got the votes with the Democrats, by adding on an extra half a billion dollars of revenue. Uh, a half a billion, probably at that time, would take care of educational needs, but they, they passed, added another half a billion on it, $1,200,000,000, because of all these white elephants and this pork that they had to give all these members in order to pass it. And we had five Republicans voting for it, and they all got beat. And, uh, it's, it's something I think Ernie Fletcher will address. He's gonna have to, but people begin to get upset over that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And then you begin to see us increase the membership in the House a little bit. And then, of course, the Senate, I guess, four or six years ago, took over the Senate the first time in history of the state. MOYEN: Um-hm. Getting back to, uh, some of the earlier years, and you had mentioned this briefly, John Y. Brown being elected, and that does seem to be one of these watershed events in terms of legislative independence. In the, in the sessions that you had been there before 1980, and then the sessions with John Y. Brown, what was different? How had things changed? ALLEN: People that had come in before him, such as Wendell Ford and, and Julian Carroll, were more politically minded as far as power. They wanted their power and they wanted to build monuments in their name. John Y. didn't care. I mean, he was a multi-millionaire anyway, and I think more than anything else, when he ran for Governor, he wanted a stage for Phyllis to play on. And turned out, I guess, to be one of, I think, the best Governor that I've served with. And I, I won't have a chance to serve with Ernie Fletcher, but. Turned out to be a pretty good Governor. He was just business-orientated. He, someone asked him, you know, up until then, the Governors controlled the budget. They sent us the budget. And you vote for it or you don't get anything at home. And, and, and we'd get a list of all the bills on the Orders of the Day, and if they had a D by it, or, or, or a G by it, for Governor, you voted for it, if you, if you was in the clique. If it didn't have anything, you could fight over it. But, but he controlled the budget, which is the main piece of legislation there. And then he would put the roads to his cronies or to the people that, uh, gave him money to run on. It was the nature of the office. I, I, I'm sure Louie Nunn done the same thing. But when John Y. got there, I mean, he didn't care about that much. Uh, when the Governor gives his state of, the state address, you know, after that, the legislators go over to the Governor's mansion, have a little reception. And, uh, I remember me and George Plummer, a Republican from, uh, Vanceburg, Lewis County, was walking over there together. And, and, uh, Bill Kenton, the speaker, he asked the Governor, said, "Governor," said, uh, "What about all these certain things in the budget?" He said, "Hell, that's you all's problem. I mean, you do it. You all are supposed to take care of the budget." And he begin then to give, to give the legislature more authority and more responsibility on drafting a budget, which it should be. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: So, you know, along with the constitutional amendment, I think the legislative leaders at that time began to think, Hey, here's a Governor that may give us what we've been looking for: more power in the, in, in the legislative branch, making us more equal. So that's, that's, that's when they started with these constitutional amendments to create the, the, uh, interim committees. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And it was a, uh, you know, members knew, like when I was elected, I went right up and was throwed right into the session, not knowing what was going on. Well, now a new member gets to serve a year in the interim to where he could, she could get an inkling of what's gonna happen. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: So it was a good thing. MOYEN: You mentioned interim committees. What committees did you serve on during your time and did those change over time? ALLEN: Uh, yeah, they, they changed some. I, I've served on a lot of committees. Um, probably the one that I started out with and served till the end was ag and natural resources. I've been on education, appropriations and revenue, economic development, probably every one up there. And I'd trade them around a little bit for leadership votes. Of course, I stayed in leadership longer than probably any other Republican, fourteen years. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Floor leader and whip. When you're in leadership, you don't necessarily need the plum committees; and you'd give them to somebody that will vote for you for leader. MOYEN: Right. ALLEN: And, uh, but I'd, I'd, probably my favorite committee up there was ag and natural resources. And they changed a lot because of the responsibilities that the legislature took on. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Had more responsibility in the committee system. MOYEN: Um-hm. In nineteen, it was nineteen, before the 1980 session that you were elected whip, correct? For the first time? ALLEN: Oh-- MOYEN: --I believe that-- ALLEN: --I think so. You know, I can't remember. MOYEN: Do you remember if you had any competition? ALLEN: Oh, for whip? MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Oh, yes. Um, the Republicans didn't have much. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: We couldn't be committee chairs or anything like this, so leadership always was a dogfight. And I think the thing that helped me the most is I had a relationship with the guys from Louisville, because I went to school up there and I could relate to them. I, I lived in Louisville eight or ten years of my life. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Uh, I knew, I knew what it was like to live in Louisville and to, what things were like there. And I always got a Louisville vote, along with some rural votes. And so most of the time, in later years I didn't have much opposition for leadership, but. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Um. MOYEN: What changed when you became whip? What responsibilities did that include? ALLEN: Um, it, it changed you, uh, in the way you done business on the floor, because instead of being so independent, an independent thinker, which I've still always been, I had, I had to cater some with the caucus. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Uh, to go with the philosophy of the caucus, because they're, they're the ones that elected me. It, it changed me some there. It changed your responsibilities, naturally, of going around and lining up votes. And, uh, become closer, I guess, a little closer dealing with the members. MOYEN: Um-hm. Um, when you were whip, I believe Art Schmidt was minority leader those first years. Was there any strategy, being outnumbered like you were, to here's, here's where we need to try and cooperate so we can, uh, was there any strategy or philosophy to try and help get things that you all wanted passed, past? ALLEN: The strategy that, that, that we had to follow, if there was a split among the Democrat caucus--I think a good example of that--and I don't remember what year it was; '76 or '78--but Julian Carroll lost the severance tax. At the end, you know, he wanted all the severance tax in the fund that he could spend, that he could go to Pikeville and Hartford and say, "I'm gonna bring you so many thousands of dollars here to do this." And the mountain caucus wasn't satisfied with that. The coal was coming out of these mountains; they wanted more of the, of the revenue coming right back to them. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And they, it was a bitter dispute, but they didn't have but thirty-some-odd votes against the Governor. Harold DeMarcus was floor leader. And we had a binding caucus. All nineteen of us went with these thirty-some-odd mountain legislators to take the severance tax from the Governor. And we did and have a certain percentage of it coming back to the counties-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --in which the coal was produced. So that's, that's a good example of what we done, and I got some coal money coming back to Butler and Ohio County here. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Directly to the, to the fiscal court-- MOYEN: -okay-- ALLEN: --which Butler County, I think, built, uh, their park with. ---- -----------(??) and their industrial park. And so it begin to help some of these communities. MOYEN: Um-hm. [Pause in recording.] MOYEN: Okay. Were there any other major legislative accomplishments that, that you can think of during John Y. Brown's, uh, term as Governor that either you were able to get passed legislation that, uh, if you didn't sponsor, because of the things you're talking about earlier with being outnumbered as a Republican, that you really pushed for or just legislation in general that you think was important? ALLEN: Gosh, that's been a few years ago. MOYEN: Sure. ALLEN: Uh, uh, I, I don't, I don't think, I can't think of any legislation, or any major legislation that, that we passed as a caucus-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --while he was Governor. Of course, things were young then, as, as far as being, uh, beginning a two-party system there. MOYEN: Um-hm. When Martha Layne Collins was elected Governor, uh, a big push of hers was education. In 1985, there was this special session that dealt with education. Do you recall, um, not that people disagreed that there was need for educational reform, but what types of reform did you or did Republicans want to see that may have differed from what the, what the Democrats wanted? ALLEN: Well again, I think the difference was, even under her administration would've been--and education has always been a top priority in every year that I've been there. But I think the difference was, was how it was administrated. Uh, Republicans are a little more, at that time were a little more tightfisted. They, they, they wanted to see some cuts in other areas, and some of that money going into education and holding down some of the revenue and taxes. And, uh, she was a little more wide open about it, just wanted extra revenue from somewhere for education. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: That, that, I think that was the big difference on how the money was gonna be spent and where it was coming from and who was going to be in charge of it. MOYEN: Um-hm. Um, I managed to read somewhere where you had opposed mandatory kindergarten because you felt like that the money should be used for grades one through three to help lower classroom size. ALLEN: I've, I've, I've always been against, uh, mandatory kindergarten and daycare and what, what-have-you going on down--not that it's not a good program, or can be a good program, but we were so strapped for money that, that I thought that money should be used in the elementary school from first through the eighth grade and lower the classroom size and, and hire some better teachers and have better facilities instead of spreading it out so much where you lack, uh, strong, stronger grades and everything-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --that, that we, we should have. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: We're just spreading it too thin. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, and to where that even today I think, you know, it's(??) used for babysitters. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Not that the program hasn't done some good, and Head Start and, and what-have-you, but you can, you know, I, I, I think that money can be better spent in other areas. MOYEN: Um-hm. In, in 1984, you faced primary opposition from, from Al Cook, I believe. ALLEN: A Democrat. MOYEN: Oh, okay. Excuse me. Um, from Fordsville. How often did you face opposition in, in your different years? Was that relatively common or did you have a number of years where you didn't -----------(??)-- ALLEN: --I had a number of years in the, in the latter part of my term that I didn't, but the first eight or ten years I did, mostly I think because I, I lived in the smaller county. But the thing that helped me, uh, is my people; my relatives lived in Ohio County and I lived close to the line where I'd done custom hay-baling and farming around Cromwell, Rosine, and Horse Branch, the three biggest Republican districts in Ohio County. A third of the Republicans lived there. That was home to me. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: So I didn't have that much Republican opposition, but seemed like there, uh, Al Cook was a Democrat that came out of Fordsville, Martin Gross was, and, uh, I, I had a, uh, uh, John Parker out of Beaver Dam, but really no major problems. The only problem I ever faced, I guess, was in a primary when C. B. Embry ran against me. He was Ohio County judge, which he's the representative now. In fact(??), he came back and took my place when I retired. And we, we had quite a battle, and, uh, although he, he really fell short in Ohio County. Uh, and I think he carried it 400 or 480 votes, but, uh, again where he fell short was these three big Republican precincts here where I worked daily. MOYEN: Okay. In what year was that? Do you recall when you faced him? ALLEN: Maybe '80. I don't know exactly, but, but I think it maybe was '80 or '81. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I'm not for sure. MOYEN: Not that anyone is ever going to enjoy the prospect of possibly getting beat, but were you one who really enjoyed campaigning, enjoyed doing what that entailed, or, or not, not really? ALLEN: (laughs) I enjoyed election night if I won. (both laugh) Um, I, I enjoyed campaigning for a while, but it, but, but it kinda got old, and, you know, right now it would just be almost impossible for me to make a house-to-house campaign. However, I did last year. I ran for Butler County judge and got beat. And I made, I made a, a big house- to-house effort and, uh, went to practically every house in the county. But there was such a split in the Republican Party. I had a primary, and there's three of us. And I never could get them together. So them two factions joined the Democrats and, and, uh, beat me for-- MOYEN: --okay-- ALLEN: --for county judge. MOYEN: Do you think that that--well, you, you mentioned that there was already such a Republican majority here. I was gonna ask if you think that these types of, uh, fractures in the Republican Party are due toward, or, or due because of the dominance? Or, or? ALLEN: Well, I, you know-- MOYEN: --or what would you attribute that to? ALLEN: I, probably, uh, you know, I, when you get beat in Butler County, uh, although there were some big-name Democrats against me, they, they were always against me. But, but you're beat with the Republicans. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And there's a lot of hard feelings in a primary, you know, and family-orientated, and, uh, you know, I probably got 60 percent of the Republicans in the final race, but the other 40 went with the Democrats, and beat me by about 600 votes. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: The Republicans are stronger, more active in Democrat counties. You're gonna have, Logan County, where, where the Republicans, Democrats outnumber the Republicans five-to-one, the Republicans are workers down there. They're organizers, they have meetings. In Butler County, you know, I, I guess they take it for granted, you know. "Well, we're, we're a Republican county. We don't need to do anything." MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And they don't. MOYEN: Um-hm. Let me ask you, uh, difference between challenges that you face in, in these general elections versus challenges that you might face in the legislature for the different positions like, as, as whip, I think you faced a challenge from Ken Harper. ALLEN: Right. MOYEN: Um, how does that differ, how, how do you go about campaigning for a leadership post? What, what ways do you try and convince people that you should retain that or vote for you for various positions? ALLEN: In relative to running in, in a House seat at home? MOYEN: Um-hm. Or, or what's, what are the different dynamics? ALLEN: Oh, it, it, it's more vicious and tenacious in, in, in a leadership race. Uh, you're out for blood. I mean, it, it, it's like being in a swimming pool with a bunch of sharks, and, and whoever can eat the other one. And, uh, it, it's, uh, deals are made, and I'll put you on this committee, and, and we need someone from this area. And, uh, uh, if I was telling someone up there when I was running for floor leader, I was floor leader once and won on the fifth vote. If I'd have had all the votes that were promised to me, I'd have been speaker. I mean--(both laugh)--um, it, it's, it's quite different. When you're running for office out here, you know you got people that are citizens and are not politically-minded; they just want somebody up there that'll take care of them. They know you and either think you're doing a good job or a bad job. Whatever, but when you get in them leadership races, I mean, you better be prepared; you better go in there with a knife and gun both. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I always said if, if the Republicans ever took over the House, they would need three or four extra people, because two or three of them would be killed. (Moyen laughs) They'd shoot one another -------- -----(??). MOYEN: (laughs) Is it pretty difficult, once those leadership positions have been decided to be able to kind of mend the wounds, so to speak, or, or do, do the people, or did you or did others have, have pretty thick skin and understand, okay, we all wanted these positions and that's the way it goes? ALLEN: Well, I, I, I guess I can use as an example the time that I was elected Republican floor leader, I think was in '87. And I was running against a guy from Tompkinsville called Richard Turner. The Fifth District is the old Republican Fifth, always likes somehow to have the floor leader there. It was kinda a tradition, although Art Schmidt broke it, and I did, but there's not many. Most of the time the Fifth District will team up with a person from Northern Kentucky or Louisville-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --have them as caucus chairman and whip, but they will be the main honcho. And I challenged Richard Turner. And, uh, of course, he told me, he was running for judge of Monroe County. And of course, I was in line then to become floor leader, and he lost it like I did for judge in Butler. It's, it's, kinda tough to--I've won every legislative race I've been into, but I never have won anything else. The first one I started was flo--was school board member, and I got beat. I ran for commissioner of agriculture, got beat. I ran for judge this time, I got beat. So, I, I, but anyway, I challenged him, and it was bitter. It was bitter. And it went to five votes. The fifth vote I won it, because some guy come up to me and said, "I can give it to you. I can turn it around. Will you put me on appropriations and revenue?" He wanted that to take some pork home. And I said, "If you'll vote for me, yes." (Moyen laughs) And it never was, I, the whole two years that I was floor leader, my adversaries made my life miserable. I couldn't be the effective floor leader that I wanted to be because of the backstabbing. And they'd go around and say, "Look what he's doing now." We didn't come together. And say, "Okay, you've won(??) It for two years. Let's get behind it." I, I didn't enjoy that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And it, it's, it's something if, if, if you, it's altogether different. MOYEN: Um-hm. While we're on the topic, what did you attempt to do as floor leader? ALLEN: I attempted to lead us as a conservative caucus to have, to promote good legislation in, in, in, in, instead of so much trash. And there's three or four thousand pieces of legislation introduced every year, and I've probably looked at ninety thousand pieces of legislation. We, we don't need that. In fact I introduced a bill to limit, uh, a, a person to five bills. I, I figured that was enough to have some substance in it. And it didn't, it never, it didn't make, it went--yeah, it made it out--it did become law, but they never, they didn't appropriate enough money to, to make the study. But, uh, as, as floor leader, I, I, I emphasized good legislation, good Republican legislation without extra revenue if we could get by with it. And standing, main thing, standing together as a caucus on issues that would help the party. But again, the Democrats would slip in and pick off four or five from us, because they had some money for some projects or some legislation that the speaker, the floor leader said, "If you stay with them, you're not gonna get it." And it would've made a difference, I think, with the press, if we could have, just like I told you a few minutes ago about us nineteen members having a binding caucus with the, with the Eastern Kentucky coal people for the severance tax, the headlines in the papers was, "Republicans Take Severance Tax from Julian Carroll, Governor Julian Carroll," because we stayed together. But when you have a few that drift off, you can't do that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And it's hard for Republicans when you're in a minority such as that minority, nineteen or twenty, to do anything without the press. And the press, especially the two biggest papers, the Courier-Journal and the Lexington-Herald despise Republicans. And if you were a conservative Republican like I was, prolife and, and, uh, prayer in school, and they hated me. They really hated me. And they were the most biased and prejudiced group of people I've ever met in my life. They never told the truth. I was on administrative regs, and of course, this committee met four or five hours a day. And time you drove from western Kentucky or somewhere down here on the Mississippi River where Charlie Geveden lives, you know, it was a day's work getting up there and back, plus you had your committee. We got a hundred dollars a day at that time. We'd been doing that once a month for eleven months, but in December we went up and finished our business up and met for thirty minutes. And the press came out with an article, "Administrative Regs Legislators Meet for Thirty Minutes and Draw a Hundred Dollars." Said nothing about the other twelve months that we met five or six hours. Well, what did that look like with the public? And of course, they crucified me for every chance they could get. And it didn't matter in this conservative district, but I made the front page of the Courier-Journal in color with a red coat on, railing, they said, to let septic tanks empty out into the creek and the river. (Moyen laughs) But what I was doing, we had two laws already to stop this; nobody was enforcing it. Now they wanted another one with another fee to have your, a, a, a permit for a septic tank before they would hook you up or let you start building, which was all right if they'd done away with the other two or enforced the other two and not been, and I telling them this, but that's not the way it came out in the press. And just things like that. The most biased son-of-a-bitches that I've ever had any contact with in my life is this liberal press. They've held back a two-party system for centuries in this state. For centuries. And they're already into it with Ernie Fletcher. MOYEN: Hm. ALLEN: It's their way, it's their way, it's their philosophy. More liberal, more liberal than, I've always said that they were to the left of Barney Franks. And, and, and it does make a difference to have an unbiased press or a press that at least will tell you the truth and give you an equal chance. Now, I wouldn't expect them to do anything for me but be truthful. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, and, but it's not gonna happen. MOYEN: Can you think of any other instances, you mentioned one in the Courier-Journal where you felt like you had either been interviewed or, or, or, uh, mentioned some legislation and, and when you read about it the next day you thought, That is the complete opposite or is that, that's totally different. ALLEN: Oh yes(??). MOYEN: Can you think of any examples? ALLEN: There, there's been dozens of them. I, I don't know if I can, the other thing I think of is that, on the day that we, we unplugged the clock, we stayed there all night. And at four o'clock, I got sleepy and I stretched these two chairs out and stretched out, had my suit and tie, well, the guy got up on the desk and took a picture of me and put it in the Courier, "Representative Allen Sleeps in the, in the House of Representatives." Well, what did it look like down here? You know, they didn't say at four o'clock in the morning and they unplugged the clock. Just, just little things like that, that, uh, and, and, of course, I've developed a very thick skin to, to, uh, got where it didn't bother me. But, and, and, uh, I never remember them jumping on the Democrats like that. They, I remember serving with an old fellow- -I won't call his name; I think he's dead now--from Eastern Kentucky. He would go to sleep in the committees. He was eighty-some-odd years old. And they'd call the roll. And, uh, "Representative, are you?"- -(snoring)--he'd be snoring. And one time we all got up and turned the lights off and just left him in there. But this was on education committee. And, and they, they had a bill there one day that, wasn't but nine of us there--I was one of the nine--and it took nine members to get it out. Well, I didn't like the piece of legislation--I don't know what it was--and I thought, We'll kill this one today. And when it comes time to, to, to vote on the bill, well, this old guy was coming by, and he said, uh, "So-and-so representative, how do you vote on this?" Said, "Aye." And just went on. And they passed it. I mean, this is some of the things that went on in the old days. Terrible. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Ran by an iron-fisted Governor(??). MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But the press, you know, they were something else, they never helped us. MOYEN: Getting back to Martha Layne Collins's term as Governor, um, you questioned some personal service contracts. And I don't know if you remember this specific event, but there, there was an auditing firm that was going to look at the Department of Education. They were going to be paid $93,000, and it turned out that they had given money to some various Democrats who had run. Do you recall-- ALLEN: --yeah, I, I served on the Personal Service Contracts Committee. Everybody in there just about had got special treatment, sweetheart contracts, and this and that, and hundreds of thousands of dollars or a hundred dollars an hour. You looked at them, take their, get their name, and looked back; they were contributors to her campaign, and probably to every other Governor that went through. This is, this is how you pay people back. You know, if, if I'm running for office, and especially statewide office, there's not but two types of people that's gonna contribute to my campaign: my family and friends or somebody that wants something. You give me $12,000, you contribute $3000 and your wife, and your parent, and your mother, you're not doing it for good government; you're wanting something back. And, uh, you know, all these people then, it comes time to, to pay the piper. And they're wanting something. And this is, this is why, when we passed this election reform, the Courier and, and the Herald and, and all these liberal(??), they wanted to stop these people at the polls from paying five dollars or four dollars to vote, which was wrong--I was for that- -stop all of that; keep them away from the polls and, and keep them from being influenced by people that are running for office to pay them. Still writing up about it and should be, but they never addressed the big whores at all. Big prostitutes still run at large. The Leonard Lawson's and, and the Scotty's and contribute fifty and, and seventy- five and a hundred thousand dollars, for what? For good government? They're out here building the roads. (Moyen laughs) And Scotty's worth, how many hundreds of millions? And, and he's got started after I become a legislator. That's all he done was blacktop roads. How did he become worth a hundred million? And the Lawson's? MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: By contributions to the right per-, people. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: It paid handsomely. A lot of it didn't, personal service usually took care of smaller items. MOYEN: Um-hm. How would you go about actually reforming? I mean, there's been so much campaign finance reform, but you're saying these things still going. What, what do you do, in that(??)? ALLEN: I was afraid you was going to ask that. (both laugh) I don't know, uh, un, un, unless, you know, if, if you do too much of it, where, where candidates are limited severely by spending any money at all, maybe the TV people and the, and the papers would donate so many pages of free advertisement for them. You, you, you could get down to the point to where, here's a rich guy, such as John Y. Brown or Wallace Wilkinson, or Owens, that doesn't care to spend--and you can't tell a person how to spend their own money. MOYEN: Right(??). ALLEN: That doesn't care to drop in fifteen or twenty thousand dollars, a million of their own money just to have a stage to play on to be Governor. But, uh, you know, I, I don't know how you can stop all of that. Uh, you could probably, uh, pass more legislation and limit the amount of money. I would, I, you know, I'd, a lot rather get a small contribution from a person because when I was running for commissioner of agriculture, I was up Oldham County, and this guy told me he was for me. And he opened up one of these old pocketbooks with a snap on it and gave me a dollar bill. Well, I was proud of that. That guy will go to the polls and back the dollar. I didn't owe him anything; I didn't owe him anything. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I, I, I wish there was more of these small contributors, a fifty or a hundred dollars. I wouldn't mind giving you fifty or hundred dollars if, if I agreed with you and I thought you were going to be a, a good Governor. But when I'm forking out several thousand, you're gonna owe me something. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: So, I don't know. Un-, un-, unless, you know, can, can make it, uh, have more people involved and with smaller contributions. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But as long as you let the big prostitutes run, uh, this, this casino gambling, I mean(??) is going to be a big issue in the coming session; a lot of money involved there. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And of course, McConnell is a Republican, but he's good at it. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: He knows how to get the big bucks. MOYEN: Um, do you recall in 1986 the House overrode Martha Layne Collins's veto of House Bill 310, which required the General Assembly to reauthorize all of the state's administrative regulations every certain number of years. And, uh, the Herald-Leader quoted you as saying that, uh, that bureaucrats had been writing the legislation. ALLEN: Well, they have. And they still do it. The only thing is, we, we created this committee of which I was a member of un-, until I retired, administrative regulations. And we reviewed these regulations. Of course, when you pass a bill, you, you might, I might introduce a bill that all farm tractors have to have a roll bar. You know the difference between legislation and, and, and, and, uh, reg-, and, uh, regulations? MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: This bill would go to the Department of Agriculture, and then they would start the regulations on, has to be so tall, so wide, painted this color, and that, you know, and this. And so, you know, we would review the regulations every year or two to see if it was conforming with, mainly with the bill itself. And if we found something wrong with it, then it would sunset. It would have to go back to the General Assembly. But, but, the, the, uh, I'm trying to, I'm beginning to get a senior moment here. (Moyen laughs) Um, I can't think of, of what I was wanting to say. The departments up there, they have a big-, a, a bigger budget than, than, than what we have in the general fund. A seven billion budget. And, and, and, they, they, everything you do, from if you're an auctioneer or a barber or put in septic tanks, they raise the license and the fees on it. And we were concerned about this. That they were controlling government. And, uh, people that was businesspeople that was trying to operate in the state, they were just gouging. And they took this money, then, and run the administration with it, and their patrons. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And we was wanting to see a change in that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And we, we got some-, somewhat of a change MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Not good enough yet, -----------(??) not like I think it's gonna be. The state agencies are what I was. MOYEN: Right, okay. All right. The other big piece or monumental piece of legislation during Martha Layne Collins's tenure as Governor, uh, was the Toyota deal. Did you oppose the incentives package for Toyota? ALLEN: I did. MOYEN: Can you tell me about that? ALLEN: It, it, it, it probably turned out to, to be a mistake, a bad vote that I made because I think the, the Toyota deal, I don't know how many hundreds of millions she put into it now, but, but I think it did pay off because of the satellite plants that supports Toyota that, that's scattered out here in Kentucky. But it, it just left a bad taste in your mouth from states bidding against one another to give three-, four-, five hundred thousand dollars to bring a plant in, to give them tax incentives, and everything, like the one we lost here in Hardin County-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --the last session that I had up there. Honda, I think, or Hyundai. MOYEN: Hyundai. ALLEN: Hyundai was coming in there, and we put up all we could: $530 million of incentives that we were going to give. Alabama outbid us with $560 and got the plant, or Tennessee, I think, it was Alabama. MOYEN: Yeah, I think, um-hm. ALLEN: You know, how far can you go-- MOYEN: --right-- ALLEN: --uh, in this direction? Morgantown over here done the same thing with, with, uh, Sumitomo. Sumitomo came in sixteen years ago, and, and, and Butler County and Morgantown give them a big tax break incentive to locate there. When these tax breaks were up, they left; we lost two thousand jobs. Uh, it's like a ghost town now. Butler County is in terrible shape. And, and, and these things that, that I resent to, to give so many tax breaks to bring foreign countries, uh, foreign companies in here to, uh, to build factories. And, and, and I don't think Toyota is gonna leave out, you know, I think they're here to stay. And it, it's, it was probably a, a, a bad vote-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --on, on, on my behalf, but this, this was why. MOYEN: Was there some talk also about that you all as legislators were not able to get the exact facts and figures on, on what was-- ALLEN: --well, we couldn't, you know. We, we was kept in the dark about this. Now I'm sure some of the Democrat leaderships, uh, the speaker, the floor leader probably knew, but the rank and file of the General, General Assembly, we didn't. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: We didn't know if it was gonna be two hundred million or three hundred million or four hundred million or where the money was coming from or even if it would pay off, but, but I think it has. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But, but we wasn't really given, given all the facts of it. MOYEN: When Wallace Wilk--or let me ask you this--why do you think Wallace Wilkinson was able to come kind of from out of nowhere and win-- ALLEN: --the lottery-- MOYEN: --the Governor's race? ALLEN: The lottery. John Y. made the comment, said, "Hell, I'm, I'm the gambling Governor." I mean, he'd come out and, and, uh, with the lottery and promoted it in such a way that nobody was gonna pay any taxes. This lottery was gonna take care of everything in the state. And I had people from the church, deacons and elders, you know, I, I would go to them and say, "Well, you can count on me. I'm not gonna vote for that lottery." "What? Woody, this is a voluntary tax. Sure you're gonna support it." I thought, Wait a minute, you know. And this thing caught fire. And it's really a terrible way to finance government, gambling. And if, if, and, and I think, you know, I think even Ernie Fletcher is thinking maybe this casino gambling is gonna take hold and bring him in three or four hundred million to take care of the budget until things gets better, but it preys upon the poor people. The people lose it, and, of course, you can make the arguments they're gonna go to other states and do it anyway, but it's just not a good way to build a tax base. It doesn't last that long. Our lottery is going down now. Tennessee's taking money from us now, or will, when they get theirs going. And if you're going to have a tax base to take care of your needs in the state, you need something concrete. Something that, that will last and, and is decent, but not, not gambling. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: It's good for a while, I guess. MOYEN: Um-hm. During Wallace Wilkinson's tenure, that is when you did decide to get, run against Richard Turner, um, for minority floor leader. Herald-Leader had this quote: uh, "Turner has strived to strike a more conciliatory approach with House Democrats; Allen has more of a reputation as a hell raiser." Would you consider that true or, or, or what actions do you think led that, a description as a hell raiser, or? ALLEN: Because I wouldn't go along with everything. I wouldn't, I, I, I, you know, I wouldn't buckle up and, and come on with the liberal legislation they wanted, with, with the tax increases they wanted. And, you know, if, if, if I was for right-to-life or, or the Ten Commandments or prayer in school, I was, I was a freak, a screwball. And, uh, you know, I would raise hell on the floor about excessive legislation and taxes that went in. I just raved and ranted. And, uh, I, I guess we got the reputation I did from that. MOYEN: When you were leader in the House for the Republicans, what kind of interaction did you have with Wallace Wilkinson? Did he feel like he, uh, could use your help, either on succession, or the different, or, or education reform, or the different things during his-- ALLEN: --he didn't need Republicans; he had enough votes there with the Democrats. I got along with him. And we went down and, and broke bread and, uh, talked with him on, on legislation, but I don't ever remember him asking me to support anything or any of the Republicans. He didn't need us; he had enough votes, seventy-something without it. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: You're going to take care of your own, unless they have a faction there or a split. Then, then they have to come, but the Democrats were going to make pretty sure that this didn't happen if at all possible. MOYEN: Um-hm. How would you describe his leadership style, and was it an attempt to get back to the Wendell Ford-Julian Carroll-type Governor's, uh, power or, or was it something different? ALLEN: Wallace, the best I can remember, had problems with Speaker Blandford. Uh, he, he didn't work well with Speaker Blandford. Uh, of course, I, I think he had problems with some of the former Governors too. But, but he, he was a guy that felt pretty, pretty big about his being Governor. I, I guess you, you could say a, a very bloated ego, an ego trip, that wanted things his way and was gonna have them, one way or the other. And, of course, Blandford stood up to him. And they, they begin to have some problems there, but, uh, he wouldn't give any. We had trouble with, I think, with the UK Board of Trustees. He was gonna appoint himself, uh, if, if, if things didn't go right, you know. And, and, uh, that's when they passed some legislation to bar that. And so, uh, I, I think, I think he did have some problems. I know he did with Blandford. MOYEN: Um-hm. Did Don Blandford, would you tell me a little bit about his leadership style, and in the process, talk a little bit about regionalism, and tell me, was, would your district have qualified as western Kentucky? ALLEN: My district was adjacent to his, Ohio County and Hancock; he was from Daviess. MOYEN: Right. ALLEN: Don Blandford was a good speaker. Probably one of, probably one of the best, if not the best, speaker that I served with. And, of course, Blandford and I were friends. And, and he was a person that I could go to if I needed something. He'd either tell you straight up or not. If he told you something, it was that a way. Uh, he was chairman of the agriculture and natural resources committee, which I was a member of, before he become speaker. When he was elected speaker, I thought, My God, he'll never be a successful speaker. But he was. And at two o'clock, if, if, if the House was to convene at two, the gavel would come down, and it wasn't ten minutes after two, or ten seconds after two, it was two. And if we had to recess for thirty minutes, it was thirty minutes. It wasn't forty-five minutes or an hour. He was truthful. Now if he didn't like you, he could cause you a lot of pain, but I got along extremely well with Don. And we trusted one another and done some things for one another. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: He, he was a good speaker. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Got caught up in some things that, some bad things. MOYEN: Um-hm. When he was speaker and Wilkinson was Governor and you were minority floor leader, at the end of that session, you said, "This marks my seventh session, and it is the worst one that I have served in." What was so bad about that session in your mind? ALLEN: Probably some of the legislation that was passed and the way it was railroaded through. And, uh, the fighting between Wallace and, and I think Eck Rose was probably Senate president and, uh, Don was, was the speaker. And it, it was just, uh, we didn't accomplish much-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --because of the, the fighting in, within the Democrat Party itself. MOYEN: Um-hm. Election reform--and you mentioned this earlier--there, there was some election reform legislation that, um, session. Did you--you already mentioned the problems with that--did you feel like that legislation did solve anything? ALLEN: Not much. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: The election reform that we had was the Courier-Journal's idea. It, it, it was, it was what they were promoting. It stopped some things that wasn't right, like in these communities, uh, buying votes and I'm sure some of it went on, but it never--as, as I said before-- addressed the big prostitutes. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: They didn't want us taking a meal or a drink from a lobbyist. Well, how stupid can you get? There's nobody influence me or any other legislator by buying us a meal or, or a drink while we sit down talking about something. They never addressed the issue. The issue was when you was in committee meeting, and an issue came up concerning this firm or whatever, you look back there and you see the lobbyist for this organization, and he's sitting there smiling at you, and you know, well, they've given me a thousand dollars last time. Well, I guess, "I, I, I'll vote for this piece of legislation." There's, there's the, the real influence there. It wasn't because he's gonna buy me a meal or a drink. I mean, looking at him sitting there and knowing that, hey, I've got a guy running against me at home, and I'm gonna need some money. These guys, these optometrists have given me a thousand dollars before. I, I, I bet if I, I vote for this bill, they will again. They never addressed that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And that, that's, that's what it's about. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Not taking a meal from somebody, a little penny-ante or elementary thing. MOYEN: Right. ALLEN: That's what the Courier wanted. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, uh, of course, you know, a lot of people were afraid of these reporters, afraid they'd say something bad about them or badmouth them or give them a bad break. And of course, I survived twenty-nine years from them. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, and they loved to get on me(??). MOYEN: Do you think some of that had to do with the fact that you were outside of those major metropolitan areas? ALLEN: Um, I was just an outsider. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Uh, um, a lot of it I didn't go along with, I don't know what the issue was now, it was something about people's rights or something that, that I spoke for, and it just shocked them. And I got a big positive write-up, "Even Woody Allen is, is, is voted for this." (Moyen laughs) Something they agreed on. MOYEN: Um-hm. Let me ask you about, um, in late '88, early '89, you were defeated after, um, or you were defeated for minority leader position by, uh, Strong from Hazard. Was that a bitter battle as well? ALLEN: Well, my adversary Richard Turner organized that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: They had fought me for two years, and brought in a fresh face, which Bill Strong is a nice guy. He was a fresh face. He wanted the position too, the prestige that it held. And, uh, they siphoned off a lot of my support by promising some things that I didn't. MOYEN: Um-hm. In what ways did you and Richard Turner disagree? There seem to have been some political battles between-- ALLEN: --well, I beat him for floor leader. That was--(both laugh)--the major disagreement right there. MOYEN: But was that, were there a number of issues involved or was it just two-- ALLEN: --no issues at all, no issues at all; just two people wanting to be floor leader. MOYEN: I see(??), okay. ALLEN: He didn't want to give that position up. MOYEN: Sure. Um-hm. ALLEN: All politically motivated. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: Sharks in a pool, and I got eat up that time. MOYEN: Can you tell me about education reform and, and KERA and what you saw as the educational problems and ways that KERA did or didn't address? ALLEN: (laughs) I don't think we have enough time for that. (Moyen laughs) I, I think some of the major issues and, and I think the people that filed the lawsuit thought maybe that, against the legislature, when they did against Eck Rose and Don Blandford, that they would just get two- or three hundred million of extra money, and, uh, it would be over, and the money is what they wanted. But as Don said to Eck, said, "If they want a change, by God we'll give them a change. They're gonna sue us." And they did. And a lot of things that educators didn't want, but they got it anyway. I, I think a lot of KERA, uh, a lot of ideas in, in KERA was needed, but there're some things in there that probably wasn't or is still not doing well in it. I'm not so sure about all these tests, that they're teaching the test or, or what they're doing. Private schools are eating public schools up. And I know they have a little advantage, because if you're gonna send your kid to a private school, you're gonna take a little more interest in it. If you're gonna pay a tuition or something, and, and you get a little more of a better-grade student, I guess, than, than the public schools just taking anything. But four or five years ago, they had twenty-one Rhodes scholarships they gave out in Louisville; twenty of them came from Catholic schools, one came from Manual. And it's just, you know, private schools are thriving well. And maybe they have the discipline there. And, uh, you have to have discipline. I had discipline in my classes. At that time, I used a board. And I didn't hurt anybody, but some of the schools I had in Jefferson County were pretty rough. They'd run off six teachers before I came there. And the woman said, "Well, he does have some size on him." And I knew, you know, I was getting into something. (both laugh) But I did bring them under control. But I think under KERA, we've lost that and some other things. And I'm not so sure if under KERA we didn't penalize good schools. And as Lincoln says, "You, you, you can't help the poor by bringing down the rich." MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And I think there were some outstanding schools in Lexington and Louisville and, and spread across the state that we penalize some in order to bring the other ones up. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I, that was the major disagreement that, that I had, one of the major disagreements that I had with it. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: Outside of the extra $1,200,000,000 we raised that didn't go for education anyway. MOYEN: Um-hm. [Pause in recording.] ALLEN: Like you say, you're gonna have a bottom half, no matter how smart the class is. What are you gonna do with them? MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And whatever they do, they should be able to do well and, and paid, you know, for it. MOYEN: Um-hm. In, in March of 1990, there were three people to vote against the budget in the House. You were one of them. You said it was a protest vote against pork projects. Is that essentially what you're talking about that was required to get KERA passed? ALLEN: Right. And, of course, it, every budget had all the pork in it, but that--[telephone rings]--that--[telephone rings]--let me see who that is, I probably won't answer anyway. So much was pork, it's just terrible. MOYEN: Um-hm. Um-hm. Um--[telephone rings]--when Brereton Jones became Governor, uh, a coup-, obviously the thing that dominated his first couple of years now historically is the BOPTROT invest-, the FBI investigation. Can you tell me a little bit about what you remember that day that the FBI investigation broke? ALLEN: It was terrible. Uh, it changed Frankfort and the legislature, uh, forever, I guess, unless, you know, it was like walking into a morgue. Uh, people had a just a blank look on their face. And I think most of the people that made big mistakes was by talking to the FBI. You should have said nothing, uh, you know. Poor Art Schmidt, I mean, never was probably a more honest person up there, they took him back, and he talked to them, and he got to thinking. And the next day, he said, "You know," said, "I told you something." They said--that was an hour or two later--said, "No, you've done lied to us." It was a witch hunt on a, on a lot of people. And, and, uh, most of the people in the General Assembly are honest citizens. We, we disagree on legislation because of the nature of our districts over the state, but they're honest about it. Even some of the ladies from Fayette County and Louisville who are, are, are prochoice that I disagree with, their constituents evidently agree with them or they wouldn't keep sending them back. They're honest people in what they do. We, we're not a bunch of thugs up there; they're not a bunch of thugs. They represent you. And I've, I've seen people speak, say, "Well, 10 percent of the legislature were sent to prison." Well, probably 10 percent of most of your churches ought to be sent, members ought to be sent to prison too, the things that they've done. But the rank and file people that, that come out of Kentucky, especially in the House of Representatives, there's, there's a, there's a barber and a beautician and a farmer and a lawyer and a doctor and a dentist, and people that made up of all walks of life that bring all this expertise together, like, like it should be. The butcher, the baker, the candlestick maker, that's what it's about. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Most of them are honest people, they, they're, they're not a bunch of thugs. But it, it, it was good politics, and, and they could be on television that night and say, "Well, we, we got so-and-so today. Uh, the speaker of the House or a member of the House that has been there for this year or that. And the FBI got him for obstruction of justice and lying to the FBI. He faces five years in the penitentiary and a $250 fine." Well, who can defend that? A $250,000 fine, you know? MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Some of it was justified. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Some of it needed cleaning up, but there was a lot of it that didn't. MOYEN: Um-hm. Looking back, were there ever times now where you could say, "Well, I wouldn't have noticed that before, but now that I know that some of this stuff was going on and needed to be cleaned up, I saw it or I, I was lucky that I managed to stay away from that place, or, or." ALLEN: You know, I, I knew there, there were some lobbyists, there were some powerful lobbyists there, but there still is. Uh, Jay Spurrier had his claws into a lot of people and all that. But, you know, a lot of it, some of the things that they done was, I don't think was, I don't know if it was against a law or, or just a, there on the, on the line. But he was very instrumental in, in lobbying for his clients and, and getting the job done, but no more than they are now. No more than they are now. Just in a different manner. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Special interest is powerful in Frankfort, and I guess it is every other place. MOYEN: Um-hm. The eth-, ethics legislation that followed--I've, I've got a quote here from you; it's pretty interesting--uh, concerning the ethics legislation, you said, "If God had had editorial writers from the Lexington-Herald and two or three liberal members from this House when he wrote the Ten Commandments, it would have been 160 pages long, we could have all, all obeyed it, and still done anything we wanted to." Can you, can you tell me why that is? Explain-- ALLEN: --well, I've, I've, I've done addressed that. They had the little things, like, like stopping the meals and the drinks, but did nothing about this, this guy looking at you and coming into this meeting(??), that, that would get your vote. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: And, and, and other things too. MOYEN: Okay. ALLEN: And it was a long piece of legislation that, that meant nothing. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: That, that really didn't address anything except, I guess, maybe they thought it would. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But, but it really didn't. And it really kinda helped the majority party at the time, because if you was a minority and could afford--(laughs)--to buy a few votes or something, which is wrong, uh, it stopped your organization. But they had a built-in organization that it never affected them. MOYEN: Um-hm. Okay. Studying a lot about the legislature, I've, I've learned to under-, or I've grown to understand a lot of these issues. One issue that I still don't really understand well--and I'm wondering if you can address any of it--is health care reform that took place, uh, during this time. Do you know what the primary issues or problems were and the ways that the legislation for health care reform tried to address those? ALLEN: Educ-, uh, medical, Medicare reform, or medical reform, you've got a turf battle there. You've got the pharmacists that wants their claws in there, you've got the doctors, uh, you've got the hospitals, you've got, uh, nursing homes, home health. MOYEN: Insurance. ALLEN: Insurance, they're all wanting a piece of this pie. All of the lobbyists are down there trying to fight and, and, and, and get what they want through. And, and, and who, who's the strongest? Is the doctors going to prevail or is the insurance going to prevail? This is what's wrong with, with health care in Kentucky and maybe the whole nation, your special interests. Uh, you know, the pharmacists, they certainly want, want to be taken care of, and the people that run the nursing home, or, or home health. And, and this is why that, that this thing is tore up so much; you can't get a consensus with all of them. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Somebody wants to hold the trump card. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And it was that way, I guess, in '92 when we-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --uh, run some of the insurance companies out of the state and left one in here and Farm Bureau and maybe a couple. MOYEN: Right. ALLEN: Run the competition away. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, and it is a, a, a monumental task to whoever is going to try to tackle this thing because of the baby boomers coming on and more people involved with it. But there's gonna have to be some hard decisions, and I don't know if, if they can do it without the special interests trying to control it. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: It's like the one that Bush passed ----------(??)-- MOYEN: --um-hm, right. ALLEN: A tough issue. MOYEN: Um-hm. Can you tell me a little bit about your decision to run for commissioner of agriculture? Why did you decide to do that? ALLEN: Um, I've always wanted to, I've never had a desire to go to Washington, but I don't guess there's ever been a kid that played in the little league that didn't dream on going up and batting in the majors. I thought this was a good step to come up, and, and the ticket looked good. Larry Forgy was running. He had a good ticket, not because I was on it, but he had other people that was known well. Of course, at the time, you know, at the, at the end of the campaign, I didn't figure that I was gonna win, because he would have to have won by about forty- or fifty thousand votes to took me in, even to have a shot at it. But I did, really thought he was going to win the Governor's race, up until, till the end. But I thought it would strengthen his ticket some if I got on it. Go around over the state and speak and I've known a lot of people and was really promoting Larry Forgy more than myself. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Although I did go to farm groups and everything and had a platform-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --program, but I, I was wanting to promote him to see the change there. MOYEN: What types of changes did you think that you could do as commissioner of agriculture? What types of things needed to be done for the state in, in that area? ALLEN: Well, not a whole lot different from the Governor's office. Of course, the commissioner of agriculture probably has more influence or hires more people, second, than from the Governor's office, more than any other department. That we needed some new faces and new ideas and, uh, to, uh, maybe promote, uh, some trade, get some markets in here for, try to get some new markets and some new products that we can use for our farmers, and knowing that tobacco was on the way out. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Uh, I wanted to see an old cows, I wanted to see a slaughterhouse built for old cows. Now, you know, you have to ship them. Cause we don't have one. We have to ship them out west. By the time you take them out there, you lose twenty or thirty cents a pound. If, if we had some place here in Kentucky to take them, that, that was one thing that I was promoting there. And then to have some, uh, markets available for our fruit growers and vegetable growers and try to get some people, maybe some, some canneries that would come in. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I was very interested in these areas. MOYEN: Okay. Um, when Paul Patton was elected Governor--and he's the first Governor to, to have succession on his side, so he managed to serve two terms--uh, the Republican Party, even though he managed, um, to win two terms, the Republican Party has really started to grow during his tenure as Governor. Why is that? Is that following a national or regional trend at all? Or, or why do you think that the Republican Party is gaining influence in Kentucky to the point of Fletcher winning his election by a sizeable margin? ALLEN: I don't think Patton had to, had anything to do with that starting off. Of course, he did there at the last, you know-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --the trouble he got into. I, I think that made a big difference. Ernie Fletcher got a lot of anti-votes, against Patton for him, you know. You get two kind of votes when you're running for office; you get, uh, uh, an anti-vote, you, you can get an anti-vote and a pro-vote, but they both count the same-- MOYEN: --right-- ALLEN: --when you go in there. But I think timing, uh, we have a President in, you've got, uh, Mitch McConnell had a lot to do with that. He started out by electing, uh, a congressman from the First District, and, uh, Whitfield, and Ron Lewis from the Second, and just about had a congressmen from all over the state. This helped brings out closet Republicans. This one thing, if I had to say one issue or one thing happened that promoted Republicans through the state, I would say that it, it, it was having these congressmen from all over the state. The First District was, is a good example. Uh, for years, being a conservative area, there's a lot of closet Republicans there that are registered Democrats, but philosophically stay in line with the conservative Republicans, but never could come out until Congressman Whitfield was elected. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And the same way by other areas in the state, and that helped bring the Republicans to the top and organize and everything. That's been going on for a few years. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Six or seven or eight. But I, I think it started, like I said, back with KERA. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And continued to grow and, and then people, it just festered when, when Patton got into, got into his sex scandal. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And, uh, you know, I think Ernie Fletcher would've won anyway without that, but it wouldn't have been by no 110,000. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I think that really pushed everything over. MOYEN: The dominant theme that I could find in, in the papers about you during Paul Patton's time as Governor was this push in '98 and 2000 to address the amount of legislation that was being produced every, every session, and, and you mentioned that. Can you tell me where you came up with the idea to limit the amount of legislation? When did you start to think that that might be something that was necessary? ALLEN: I've been thinking of it for years, because when you see two or three thousand pieces of legislation introduced, and a thousand of it becomes law, then there's regulations put on that and, and fees that goes with all of that, and, and all the agencies just lap it up and continue to grow. And like I said, we've got a, over a seven billion budget, mostly because of all this excess legislation that we just didn't need. Let people alone. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Unless it's just absolutely needed. Let them take care of their self back in Butler and Ohio County, and let the fiscal court and the school boards alone, and let people prevail and have their government without the state just continue, continue to, to introduce all of this legislation. I think, one thing I can say about David Williams and the Republican Senate, they've cut into this some. Not enough, but instead of eight hundred bills becoming law, there's five. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And legislators, I, I guess they think if they don't introduce something, that they're not doing their job. And they'll sit and think and think and try to come up with something, if it's nothing but barbwire fences should be eighteen inches, the bottom strand from the ground. Or there is such silly stuff that, that they'll introduce, and just saying that I'm the author of this bill, or I, I made this piece of legislature to make it easier on you, this and that. And as I said, I probably looked at ninety thousand pieces of legislation, a lot of them I've looked at every year, just terrible. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And so, you know, I thought what we need to do is cut down on this legislation. If I could get a piece of legislation through where we could just introduce five bills apiece. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And have some substance to it, have some meaning to it, instead of this junk. And there's several other states--I don't remember what they are now--that has legislation like this. MOYEN: Hm. ALLEN: But, uh, it didn't, it didn't go, may, maybe it will. MOYEN: Um-hm. The types of things that you're talking about with all this legislation, I think speak a lot to your political philosophy. Has your political philosophy evolved over time from, say, when you first started to serve in the mid-seventies up through when you decided not to run again in, in 2002? Has, has it changed at all or has it pretty much stayed the same? ALLEN: I think it pretty much stayed the same. I've always despised big government. It's expensive. There's so much that we don't need. Uh, local government is the best of all. I can go over here in town and, and rant and rave if, if I don't like something. It's a little harder to go to Frankfort and get something done and almost impossible in Washington. So, you, you know, let's keep it locally. It's, it's better government, you've got more people involved than, and it's less expensive. Mean, means something. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But, you know, you just(??) it's gotten out of hand. Government's gotten out of hand. It's to the point to where I think people now maybe think they can't live, live without government; they've got to have it, they've got to have government to tell them what to do. And, uh, I've always been against mandatory seatbelts, because I, as an example of, of government. It's a way for the state police and other policemen to make more money. It's, it's a twenty-five fine plus court costs of a hundred and something. Uh, if they're really interested in saving lives, if, if that's their goal, why don't they cut the speed down on the interstate? That's what kills people. And there was a lady who lost their son several years ago in an automobile wreck, and she became interested in mandatory seatbelt legislation, maybe her son would still be alive. Well, I asked her, I said, "Do you think he would've obeyed the law?" She said, "Yes." I said, "Well, he was going 90 miles an hour in, in a 45-mile speed zone when he crashed. If he wasn't going to obey that law, why would he the seatbelt thing?" But they're not going to enforce that, because that's money too. Every trooper has a quota. And if you don't get too stiff on it(??), it's pretty easy to go out here on the interstate and get your ten speeders a day that makes your salary. They're not going to enforce that, where everybody drives 65 or 70, its money. The whole damn thing is money. So this, this is a good example I'm using about government. MOYEN: Um-hm. Um-hm. ALLEN: It, it, it's like the, they put up a big strong argument on, on the House floor about smoking. How much it costs us when someone dies of lung cancer, lays in the hospital. Well, most of these people are in their sixties, you save money when you die. If I kick out, you're going to save money because you're not paying my social security and my retirement. You make money by people when they quit producing. I want to live till I'm ninety, but if, if I kick out here after I'm retired, you're gonna save money. (Moyen laughs) They, they, well, they shut up after hearing this argument. And, and you say, "Oh, you should see somebody with his lungs eat up, laying there, he's sixty-five years old and we have to pay the bill." And you pay a hundred thousand dollar hospital bill. If he hadn't smoked and he lived to be a hundred, how much would you pay out? So let people alone. This is what America's about. If they want to eat greasy hamburgers and french fries and get so fat they put their stomach in a wheelbarrow and push it up the street, it's your business. This is what America is about. And it's changing. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: It's changing. MOYEN: Now we sue the fast food company for making us fat. (laughs) ALLEN: You're gonna see the time where they're gonna regulate what you eat, and you're going to think, Well, that's silly. But if they have taxes on the high greasy foods and not on the other, on a head of lettuce, you're gonna finally get down where you're gonna have to eat the head of lettuce. Oh, they're gonna do it. MOYEN: Um-hm. Um, during your time that you served, what would you say are the two or three most controversial issues that you had to vote on? ALLEN: I think, oh, I didn't have to vote for anything, you mean? MOYEN: Right. Right. ALLEN: Uh, of course KERA was, was, was a controversial issue, that, uh, and, and, the, uh, that certainly was. Uh, some of the taxes that they've had, and, and health care was, was a very controversial issue. It was so mixed up on the floor that most members didn't know how to vote. And they listened to both sides and they didn't know how to vote. And in order to do justice for their constituents at home. A lot of the legislation up there, people don't know what they're voting on. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Especially there's so much of it--that I've done addressed--and at the end, you can go in for the Orders of the Day, there's sixty bills there. You can't go through all of that. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But that, that's the system. MOYEN: So pret-, pretty common for people to vote on legislation that they've not read? ALLEN: Oh yeah, yeah. That's why I probably have the record of voting no, you know. (laughs) I'll put a red light up there if I'm not familiar with the legislation, unless it's some little rinky-dink something. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Uh, and I tell the new members coming in, say, "You don't have to explain a no vote; just tell them, 'Well, I didn't have time to read the bill and didn't know anything about it, so I voted 'no.'" That's a lot better than voting yes on it and going home, and they'll say, "Why did you vote for this piece of legislation here? Do you know what that does?" You have to explain that. MOYEN: Um-hm. Um-hm. What would you say, looking back, were your best and worst votes? What would you say, "See, that, that did exactly what it was supposed to and I helped," or, "Well, I thought that was going to be a good vote, but looking back I'd probably change it." ALLEN: Uh, you know, the budget's always a good bill to vote for, because even though I protested on several of the budget bills because of pork in it, but it's a bad vote to cast because of your state workers and your teachers and your health care people and you could just go on and on, that depend upon-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --that budget for their livelihood. Uh, I guess one of the, and I, I go back and, and, and probably one of the worst votes I made was, was on Toyota, after I got thinking about it, after it turned out the way that it did. It was probably a bad vote. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But at the time, I didn't think it was. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: The worst vote and the most controversial vote--and I'm surprised that it's not in your notes somewhere--was something I got trapped in was, uh, spouse abuse centers. And I don't know if you have that in there. Did you? And there again, I, I was against these things because of more government and, and they was putting money into the churches, and all these people was coming up there wanting spouse abuse centers to, so they could get the money to, to start these things. Well, well, I was against them, the concept of this, not, not spouse abuse centers itself, because people, but they were bringing prostitutes in off of the street that got in a barroom brawl that didn't have any place to stay, said, "My husband or my boyfriend beat me." "Well, come on in, you know, we'll let the taxpayer take care of you." And I was whip, I was just elected whip. And Tom Riner, uh, a legislator now, a minister, wanted me and, I, it never dawned on me then why he didn't sign the letter and send it out, they was having a bill up there about liquor in certain areas, and wanted me to sign it, that I was against liquor being sold--I don't know what it was now--and, and spouse abuse centers. But in the back of the letter, I had my wife up there and was in a hurry to go to a ballgame, so I signed it. And it quoted some two women in Fra- , in Lexington that was running these spouse abuse centers that was known lesbians. He sent ten thousand copies all over the state out. Why, I come up there on a Monday morning, and the press, you know, I never got much press, you know - they was lined up, going into my office. I couldn't even get in for the press. "Did you sign this letter?" "Yeah, I, I signed this letter." "Did you read the back?" So I don't know what their names were now, evidently they were lesbians or they'd have probably sued me. All hell broke loose. You know, I had to leave after two or three days in Frankfort, things, every, "Woody, how could you?" And of course, I think people really realized then that I didn't do that. I mean, I signed it, but I did- -Riner was the one that done it. And it got so hot that I left for a couple of days and came home. And Art Schmidt was floor leader, Louis Johnson, a Democrat from Owensboro, Bob Heleringer, I called in my office, "What do I need to do?" And they all kneeled down and got hold of my hands and said, "Let's pray." I said, "Oh, my God. Pray over this!" (laughs) Of course, looking back with my experience, you know, I've done worse things, but I got myself in, into something there that, I was used, that I never did do again. But it, it was kind of ordeal, I'll tell you. All the press just, they, they really--(laughs)--had their field day with me then. I mean, God, and, you know, it was scary, and, uh, I went to Bobby Richardson--he's the speaker--and I thought, you know, I'll ask the speaker what to do. I said, "Bobby, what do I need to do?" He said, "Hire you the best lawyer that you can find." (both laugh) I thought, Oh, my God! But it blew over, like all storms. As Wendell Ford says, "When in a hailstorm, just hunker up and take it, you know." But, uh, it was the worst time in my life in the legislature. That two or three weeks was the worst time. And it got so hot on, on a Wednesday when that happened, I left and I didn't, I took off four or five days before I went back. But they really put it to me. MOYEN: Now, what, what are some of your best memories, things that you either just collegiality or, or, or different stories that you might have that I'm not going to find in the Herald-Leader or Courier-Journal? ALLEN: Oh gosh, you know, the first year, the first session up there was, was, was very exciting. And, and it was different than it is now, before BOPTROT. We had some fun. We'd done our job during the day and then at night we could go out and party a little bit and have some fun, which I don't know what happens to them now, they're gone. But I guess that one of the best things I've done, Ronny Layman was the representative and a good friend of mine in the Nineteenth from Grayson and Henderson County. And, uh, he's a card player, he played cards at night and made, won some money. And you'd come in about six o'clock in the morning, we all stayed out at the Quality, me and him and George Plummer. And he'd get two or three hours of sleep and just go in wide awake during the General Assembly, you know, do his job, about four o'clock, go home, lay down, and get two or three more hours sleep, and stay all night playing cards. And George and I went down and got a mannequin with blond hair and hung her, got the room, the key to his room, and hung her in the bathroom with nothing on but a pair of panties and a bra. And she was just swinging up there with a little light, and tore his room up a little bit, took the cushions out, and then the bedspread. Well, we heard him come in with that old truck. And he opened the door and as soon as he opened it, he slammed it back, he shut it. Of course, me and George was already awake and there by the door, you know. [knocks on the table] "Woody! Woody, get up! Woody!" "Wait a minute, Ronny. Let, let me get up and put some clothes on." Of course, I was out waiting back there with George just dying. Went out there and said, "What's wrong with you?" (whispers) "There's a dead woman hanging in my room." I said, "What?" (whispers) Said, "There's a dead woman in my room." Of course, George come out, you know, "What's going on out here?" "I tell you," he said, "you know," he said, "I can prove where I was at last night; I was playing cards but," said, "the people at home are never going to believe me." (laughs) We opened up the door there and there was the mannequin just swinging there, you know. And it, it broke all of us up. But things like that. And, uh, but, you know, it, people don't do them kind of things anymore. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: I guess they're afraid, you know. You, you see legislators around at a reception, but that's it. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: They don't ever get out and socialize and, and have a good time like they do in other, other businesses. MOYEN: Um-hm. Is, is that good in some respects and bad in others or all bad? ALLEN: I think it is. You can't go up there and keep a sober mind and just be a scrooge; you've got to relax and get the feel of the place. And if you go in and do your job and do your work, of course, we've got more responsibility now than we did when the Governor-- MOYEN: --um-hm-- ALLEN: --ran it. John Raymond Turner, you know, got up one day on the floor and wore them little old tinted glasses, stayed drunk most of the time. And someone was, was quoted about the stress upon a legislator, and his family was very rich, and his mother was superintendent of schools. They owned banks and coal companies. He said, "There's no stress to this job." Said, "My daddy has got the money to elect me. I got the money, my mother elects me, and the Governor tells me how to vote. What else do you want?" (both laugh) And it's probably true, you know. But things haven't(??) improved and, and there's more responsibility for legislators now than there used to be. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Uh, but still, you know, I, socializing is just nonexistent there like it once was. MOYEN: Um-hm. What type of advice would you give Ernie Fletcher, new Governor, having served in the legislature for as long as, as you did, from a different perspective, obviously not from the Governor's perspective, but from a legislator's perspective, on what he would need to do to be successful? ALLEN: I would think, you know, to, for him to be successful, he's gonna have to have a good working relationship with the legislature, with the Democrats and with the Republicans. Naturally, I think he will with the Republicans, David Williams out of the Senate. But he's also gonna have to have a good working relationship with this Democrat House. If he gets crossways and they become the spoiler, it's gonna just stagnate. Anything that he wants to do, they're gonna stop it. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And he's, he's going to have to bend over and work with these people, and I think that he will, since he's been a member of Congress and, and, uh, a member of the legislature. I hope he hasn't promised too much. You know, he's, he's promised that he's not going to cut these programs into the meat to hurt people and promised no new taxes. He's taken the new, no-new-tax pledge. The Democrats will make him live with that. The Democrat House will make him live with it. Uh, they're gonna make sure that he has no new taxes, they're gonna make sure that he doesn't cut these programs. And so really we, we've got the making of a good strong two-party system now that can craft and mold some of the best government we've had for years. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Uh, it really has come a little bit over on our side, but there's still, you have the House there. And when you bring these three factions together, uh, it should be good government. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: Should be, if he doesn't get crossways with them. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: And I, I don't think he will. MOYEN: Um-hm. What, what else have I left out that we should talk about? ALLEN: I don't know. You've covered a lot. And, uh, uh, it's interesting just to, to see some of the appointments that he's gonna make. He's appointing some Democrats, and I think this is good, to show that he, he works with both parties. I think he can do, do well if he can get some revenue. Maybe, maybe Washington, maybe, maybe McConnell can, can throw some money his way until maybe the economy turns around. If this economy turns around, it will make a big difference in bringing in revenue. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: There's some cutting that, cutting in these departments that can be done, some reorganization. Too many people there. May, maybe putting a couple of agencies together, eliminating some jobs. He's gonna have to do that if he, if he, uh, balances this budget. MOYEN: Um-hm. ALLEN: But it, it's a challenge; it's a challenge for him. MOYEN: Well, I thank you for your time. ALLEN: Enjoyed it and, uh, enjoyed talking about old times and enjoyed you coming down. It's a long drive for you, but-- MOYEN: --well, I appreciate your time. ALLEN: Maybe you've got something on there that will, uh, do you a little good and, and won't incriminate me-- MOYEN: --certainly--(laughs)-- ALLEN: --send me to the pen anyway. I think I, I could have told some other stories, but I don't think the statute of limitations has run out on it yet. (both laugh) [End of interview.] Allen (House 1974-2002, 17th district; Republican) discusses growing up in Kentucky and Detroit, the history and influence of the Republican Party in his district, changes in the legislature including the impact of filming sessions, his impressions of several governors, the rigors of campaigning, bipartisan and inner-party disputes, and his predictions for the upcoming Republican administration. Highlights include opinions on local press, the BOPTROT scandal, and pork barrel spending. insert hereWMU
HOME > ABOUT WMU > WMU NEWS
Oct. 5, 2005
KALAMAZOO--Clarinetist Alexander Fiterstein performs in the
Dalton Center Recital Hall at 8:15 p.m. Tuesday, Oct. 11, as
part of the Young Concert Artist series at Western Michigan University.
Tickets for the Fiterstein recital are $10 and $5 for students
and senior citizens and are available through the Miller Auditorium
Ticket Office at (269) 387-2300 or (800) 228-9858. Any remaining
tickets will be available at the door prior to the start of the
recital.
Fiterstein won First Prize in the 2001 Young Concert Artists
International Auditions. That same year, he won First Prize in
the Carl Nielsen International Clarinet Competition, as well
as Special Prizes for the Best Interpretation of a Danish Work
and Best Performance with the Odense Symphony Orchestra.
Since joining the Young Concert Artists roster, Fiterstein
has been in demand both in the United States and abroad in recital
and as soloist with orchestra. The Kalamazoo Gazette wrote of
his 2001 performance at WMU, "A high point in the program
was the impressive performance of the Weber Concertino by clarinetist
Alexander Fiterstein. This very talented player revealed solid
technique and displayed exceptional articulation."
Fiterstein was born in Minsk in the former Soviet Union and
emigrated with his family to Israel when he was 2 years old.
He studied at the Israel Arts and Science Academy and received
his high school diploma from the Interlochen Arts Academy.
The Young Concert Artists series is one of several sponsored
by the Bullock Music Performance Institute in the WMU School
of Music. For more information about the institute and the programs
it sponsors,Nature is our true teacher and the way of harmony in our lives.
I don't simply mean going for a walk in the park sometimes or liking some flowers.
I mean...there is a Way of Nature...her cycles and seasons and lessons...from dewdrops to vast skies..
to the changing fruits and whispers on winds.
The wise ancients always followed this Way of Nature, listening in attentively to the quiet...or sometimes loud lessons....
But the loud lessons happen only when we have lost our balance with her.
May we learn to tune in and find it and live it, for the benefit of the Whole.
Because 'Nature' is always Whole and the Whole.
I bow to the Inpartial teachings of Nature and strive to follow the way.
I gently do this, keeping on slipping up and learning again...because if there is to be peace...it can only be in this Natural Peace.
Not forced, or conquered or contrived...but according to Nature and Natures Whole Way.
Which is never personal...and always vastly inter-relational.
Love.
PINSON, Ala. (WIAT) — An off-duty Birmingham Police Department officer was shot Monday night on Gold Lead Lane in Pinson.
Jefferson County Sheriff’s Office spokesman Randy Christian says an adult female friend was at the officer’s house when her husband came to the home and knocked on the door.
The officer opened the door and was shot at three times. Christian says the 37-year-old officer was shot three times and was taken to UAB Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
The husband fled the scene and is at large.
CBS42 will update this story with more information as it becomes available.Yesterday I picked my kids up from school early. We went out for gelato and then bought take-out for dinner from their favorite place. We came home and had a picnic in the living room while Frosty The Snowman played in the background of our giggles.
We dressed in layers – finding mittens and dry boots. We put on furry hats and zipped up tight and we walked to the sledding hill. Sisters – Eloise pulling Astrid while I pulled Esther. Astrid sung ‘Frosty’ the whole way getting most of the words mixed up.
After sledding we came home and the girls stayed outside making a snow cave and became baby polar bears. They asked me to play too and be the ‘mama bear named Arctic’ and I easily obliged where maybe the day before I would’ve just gone inside for a coffee and Facebook.
But now I was Arctic the Mama Polar Bear and yet I could not figure out how to build that cave high enough or strong enough to protect my cubs forever. Snow falls. Snow melts.
Snow doesn’t keep away the bad guys that we have to talk about with our children.
So all I can do is crawl in the snow with them and laugh a little more and cherish even the smallest moments of a picnic in the living room and a sled down the hill.
And pray for the families who lost their snow cave makers. The world is grieving. Pray for peace.
She’s adorable. I’m hugging her through my screen like an embarrassing uncle Lance.
I did the same with my girls even though they’re 2nd grade, 4th grade and 11th grade.
A beautiful post that perfectly captures how I think we are all feeling right now. Thank you for your words.
thedoseofreality recently posted..We Are Giving It Up Because We Can…and Should
Awesome words Tracy. Hug your precious girls and enjoy every moment. xoxo
My heart grieves. Your blog is perfect. Hugs to all.
With each blink of my eyes a small part of me, the little girl who believed anything was possible, thinks that maybe this time the truth will change.
Yesterday was unfathomable today feels nearly unlivable. We all must channel the child in us who never gives up and we must use that stamina of spirit to change the world.
‘I could not figure out how to build that cave high enough or strong enough to protect my cubs forever’ Beautifully said. Such a sad, sad day for all of us.
Nina recently posted..Just sick.
I was very detached yesterday because I couldn’t fathom what was happening. I lost it when I went to check on my girls and saw their perfect sleeping bodies in their beds. How terrible. What a beautiful post.
Leigh Ann recently posted..That Christmas
Simply beautiful.
Totally sums up how I feel. My youngest is 6 and all I keep thinking about is those babies and the families that are missing them.
Laura recently posted..Saturday Inspiration: Don’t give up
Thank you for this, it is oh so true.
<3
My heart is so full and empty at the same time. Love you and your words and your blog. xoxo
Alison recently posted..Beauty Is A Light In The Heart…. And Other Things
I kept my tears at bay for most of the day yesterday. Stayed off the computer and like you had dinner in front of the TV keeping my loves a little closer. I talked with my two oldest abut what happened. The youngest is thankfully oblivious. When I tugged them into bed one by one, the tears came and I thanked my lucky stars.
Susi recently posted..Hubby to the rescue… and a few fill ins!
I can’t stop crying–I keep having to run into the bathroom and cry–it’s so hard to fight back the tears.
I think of the parents, waking up..
I just cant.
Alexandra recently posted..We Can’t Be Silent About Sandy Hook
yes.
christine recently posted..Let it Snow, Let it Tow
As perfect as words can be, Tracy.
Peace.
Shannon recently posted..Wisdom
xo
Love you.
Rachelle recently posted..Elliot is 22!
beautiful. xoxo
Christine @ Love, Life, Surf recently posted..2012 Billabong Pipemasters and New World Champion
we had a similar afternoon at our house, and i can’t bear the thought of those who do no longer
anna recently posted..Is there anything to say, to write, when faced with such unbearable tragedy?
I think we all felt this way.
oxoxox
Sili recently posted..Newtown: Praying Through the Tears
I haven’t been able to read or comment for days. I still can’t get the words right.
So I’ll simply say I love you, Mama Bear.
And thanks for this post.
julie gardner recently posted..You wait six weeks for a new post…
I am done. I am so done and angry and sad and wanting to do something and crying and they were just babies and parents and families and friends are going to bed without them, waking up without them, and I am so done. All I have is prayers but I want to have more. All I have to offer is thoughts but I wish I had more. I wish.
Arnebya recently posted..Imagination, Reality, and Fear: Bitchy BedfellowsThe probability of the Bitcoin market collapsing is pretty slim at this point. I have been watching and the number of transactions per day has always been increasing. It has seen constant and steady growth for almost 2 years now, and the prices per difficulty are beginning to stabilize. On Sep 30, 2012 11:54 AM, "Matt Keys" <mk6032 at yahoo.com> wrote: > Seems > > > _______________________________________________ > Chugalug mailing list > Chugalug at chugalug.org > > -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>The first game-playing DNA computer has been revealed - an enzyme-powered tic-tac-toe machine that cannot be beaten.
The human player makes his or her moves by dropping DNA into 3 by 3 square of wells that make up the board. The device then uses a complex mixture of DNA enzymes to determine where it should place its nought or cross, and signals its move with a green glow.
The device, dubbed MAYA, was developed by Milan Stojanovic, at Columbia University in New York, and Darko Stefanovic, at the University of New Mexico in Albuquerque. Kobi Benenson, who works on other DNA approaches at the Weizmann Institute in Israel, says the work demonstrates the most complex use of molecules as logic gates to date, and "represents a significant advance in DNA computing."
More complex computational tasks than noughts and crosses could be tackled with different arrangements of the enzymes. But the pair acknowledge that the approach will never rival silicon computers, because human action is needed to operate the gates in system and it is not reusable.
"It's lovely work," says Peter Bentley, a computer scientist linked to University College London. But he notes that a system that cannot be extended much further than playing tic-tac-toe "is merely a novelty". Stojanovic and Stefanovic are aware of this and are now focusing on developing simple decision-making solutions that can operate in vivo. Molecules could, for example, assess faults in a living cell and then either kill or repair it.
Snip apart
In previous DNA computing schemes, all of the elements are mixed in a test tube and the answer to the calculation is deduced from the product of the reaction. MAYA is the first interactive system. The nine wells occupy just one square centimetre and each contain mixtures of the enzymes that act as molecular logic gates.
The human player has nine types of DNA strand, each with a sequence specific to a particular square. To make a move, one type of strand is added to all the squares, as all must be aware of the choice.
The DNA strands are the on-switch for the "deoxyribozyme" enzymes. The enzymes' output, when activated by the required DNA strand, is to snip apart molecules in the mixture, which produces the green glow.
The enzyme gates are carefully constructed and distributed so that after the human's move, the enzymes unlock only in one well. This is "quite ingenious" says Benenson. Because tic-tac-toe is a simple game, the computer could be designed so that it always wins or draws.
Stojanovic has lost to MAYA more than a 100 times. "We could have programmed it to lose sometimes, to make humans happy," he told New Scientist. "But to say 'the automaton can not be defeated' has a nice ring to it."
Journal reference: Nature Biotechnology (DOI:10.1038/nbt.The third annual "South Florida Miles for Meso 8K & 2M Tribute Walk," benefiting the Mesothelioma Applied Research Foundation, will take place on Feb. 12 at Spanish River Park located in Boca Raton.
Pompano Beach resident and avid runner, Larry Davis, who was diagnosed with mesothelioma in 2006, will host the race.
Each year nearly 3,000 people are diagnosed with mesothelioma, an aggressive cancer caused by exposure to asbestos fibers.
After a latency period of 10 to 50 years, the cancer invades the linings of the lungs, abdomen and heart.
There is currently no known cure for mesothelioma.
This year Davis will team up with the Runner's Edge Foundation (REF) to help promote healthy living.
REF promotes running and physical fitness for people of all ages. The foundation also supports groups and organizations in pursuit of running and physical fitness through teams, programs, competitions and educational means.
"My stepmother passed away a few years ago from cancer after a very long and difficult battle. I was very close to her and seeing Larry in a difficult cancer battle is something close to me … while I can never truly understand, I can support his fight," said REF creator, Tom Vladimir.
A post-race party will include an awards ceremony, food, beverages, bounce house and more. To register for the race, visit.
A pre-race mesothelioma symposium will take place on Feb. 1 at the Hilton Hotel Deerfield/Boca from 3 to 7 p.m. Attendees will have the opportunity to meet leading experts in mesothelioma cancer research.Environmental Industry Associations Survey Finds Most Americans are Proud to Recycle -- When They Can
Results show Americans recycle at work, but more public options needed to make habit a "no-brainer"
WASHINGTON, Nov. 14, 2013 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- New survey data suggests that Americans are filled with pride as they fill their recycling bins but are often left wanting when searching for recycling options while on the go.
(Photo:)
More than four in five Americans (82 percent) say they feel a sense of pride when they recycle, according to a new survey conducted online in October by Harris Interactive and commissioned by the Environmental Industry Associations (EIA), the trade group representing those who protect the environment and public health by managing America's waste and recycling. The survey results coincide with America Recycles Day (Nov. 15).
"Recycling participation rates have increased dramatically during the last few decades in the U.S., and that is an achievement that all Americans should celebrate," said Sharon H. Kneiss, president and CEO of EIA. "There is positive, pent-up desire to recycle even more in America. But we need more recycling options on our main streets and in our shopping malls, restaurants, theaters, airports, gas stations and other public spaces."
Most Americans do not indicate success at recycling while out about town, and more than three in five (62 percent) report feeling guilty every time they throw something away instead of recycling it, underscoring a pressing need for expanded options in public and leisure spaces.
Major findings of the survey include:
- An overwhelming majority of Americans—82 percent—feel a sense of pride when they recycle, and 62 percent feel a sense of guilt when they toss a recyclable item in the trash.
- Americans are split on what they will do with a recyclable item if a recycling bin is not nearby. Nearly three-fifths (58 percent) say they will keep the item until they can recycle it, but 54 percent also admit they will sometimes trash a recyclable item if they cannot find a bin nearby.
- Most Americans will make an extra effort to recycle items outside their homes (74 percent), and those employed say they often have success recycling at work (58 percent).
- However, significantly fewer Americans say they are often successful recycling in other public settings, including when traveling for vacation or business (22 percent), while out shopping or walking along city streets (22 percent each) or when dining out (16 percent).
"Wherever there is a public trash can, there also should be a recycling bin within sight," said Anne Germain, EIA's waste and recycling technology director. "People think about recycling and inherently want to, but they need readily available recycling options for the habit to be a no-brainer."
This survey was conducted online within the United States by Harris Interactive on behalf of the Environmental Industry Associations from Oct. 29-31, 2013 among 2,022 adults ages 18 and older. This online survey is not based on a probability sample and therefore no estimate of theoretical sampling error can be calculated. For complete survey methodology, including weighting variables, please contact EIA Communications Director Thom Metzger.
About the Environmental Industry Associations.
About America Recycles Day
America Recycles Day is a nationally recognized day dedicated to promoting and celebrating recycling in the United States. Every year on or around Nov. 15 (America Recycles Day) event organizers educate neighbors, friends and colleagues through thousands of events. Learn more at americarecyclesday.org.
(Infographic available for download and use here)
Available Topic Expert: For information on the listed expert, click appropriate link.
Sharon H. Kneiss -
SOURCE Environmental Industry AssociationsSugar-free jello poke cake!
Category: Dessert
Sugar-free jello poke cake! - TastyPlanner.com
Chef: Kaylee, cassandra, and dillan<3
Fun and easy cake to make with the family! It’s pretty and flavourful and can be the center of a party, reunion, or get-together!
Ingredients
1 box of sugar-free vanilla pillsbury-brand cake mix
3 eggs
1/3 c. of vegetable oil
3 c. of cold water
2 c. of boiling water
2 boxes of your favorite Jello-brand sugar-free jello mix
1 15 oz. container of your favorite sugar-free icing or, if desired, sugar-free whipped cream.
Instructions
1)Preheat oven to 350 degrees farenheit. Combine cake mix, eggs, oil, and 1 c. of cold water in a large mixing bowl.
2) Bake in a greased pan for 35 minutes. Once done, let cool for about 1 hour (35 minutes in fridge)
3) Use a straw or fork to poke (hense the word ‘poke’ in the title(:) the cake all over the surface in a random order. Make sure to poke as many holes as possible without destroying the cake!
4) Pour 1 c. boiling water over 1 box of jello mix in a medium-sized bowl. Stir for two minutes. Add 1 c. of cold water. stir for another 2 minutes.
5) Use a straw to mark your cake off into thirds. Pour jello over 2/3 of the cake. (Make sure to get the middle section of the cake)
6) Repeat steps 4-5 using the other flavour of jello pouring over the unused third and the middle.
7) Let cool in refrigerator for an hour and a half.
8) Top cake with icing/cream and enjoy this scrumptious desert!
Similar recipes
Community activity
- Times saved to recipe box: 14
- Times Recommended: 0
- Times added to planner: 3Report: the A's have made an offer for Ben Sheets
Jan 26, 2010, 9:24 AM EDT
The A’s have reportedly made a “competitive offer” for Ben Sheets.
If this is as competitive as their offers for Marco Scutaro and Adrian Beltre, expect Sheets to sign with an east coast team by lunch.
- DrewW - Jan 26, 2010 at 9:59 AM
The A’s offered more money and years to Scutaro, and more money to Beltre. I would call that competitive. I assume neither player wanted to help the A’s rebuild, but Sheets needs a team to take a chance)Item Description
Battery Charger & Analyzer
Detailed Description
Analyzes, forms, conditions, charges and cycles (1) to (4) AA or AAA NiMH or NiCD batteries. LCD displays capacity and voltage. "Break-In" mode performs a "forming" charge on new batteries. "Cycle" mode charges and discharges batteries consecutively for up to 12 cycles. Temperature and timer protection eliminates over and undercharging. Comes with 100-240V AC wall adapter. Also works with 12V DC when used with a cigarette lighter adapter.
Products You May Like
Tenergy 40333
Price: $2.95
Icom BP-217
Price: $79.95
Maha MH-R-AA4
Price: $16.95
Alinco EBP-73
Price: $49.95
Icom BP-256
Price: $79.95
Kenwood BT-15
Price: $34.95.
LCCC Employee email and some components of the website are currently unavailable.
Student services including MyCampus, ANGEL, and Student Email are not affected.
Thank you for your patience as we work to resolve the issue.January 23, 2014Lieutenant Gregg HastingsPublic Information Officer(503) 731-3020 ext 247gregg.hastings@state.or.us links valid at least 30 days - Source: Oregon State Police State Police (OSP) is continuing the investigation of Thursday afternoon's fatal traffic crash involving a loaded log truck and sport utility vehicle on Highway 223 about three miles south of Dallas.Updated information indicates on January 23, 2014 at approximately 1:15 p.m., a loaded log truck driven by ROBERT E. SWEET JR, age 49, from Klamath Falls, was traveling northbound on Highway 223 near milepost 7 when a 2000 Ford Explorer driven by STANLEY PAUL DANKENBRING, age 64, from Dallas, crossed the center line and collided nearly head-on with the log truck. DANKENBRING was pronounced deceased at the scene. SWEET and passenger LAURA SALES, age 48, from Klamath Falls, were not injured. All involved persons were using safety restraints. OSP troopers from the Salem Area Command office are continuing the investigation. Senior Trooper Doug Brown is the lead investigator. OSP was assisted at the scene by Polk County Sheriff's Office, Polk County Fire District No. 1, and ODOT. The highway was opened about..
Not.
Over the past couple of weeks, numerous torrents have surfaced online claiming to be the 7th and last Harry Potter book. They are all fakes. Fan fiction. This one, on the other hand, is the real thing. Someone has managed to get their hands on the American edition of the book and has photographed each page of the book and uploaded it to BitTorrent.
The main complaint that’s coming up in comment threads on these sites is that the quality isn’t great. You can just barely manage to read each page. And as some downloaders promptly noted, a few pages cannot be read at all without editing the images in Photoshop.
Die-hard fans of the series will undoubtedly rush to grab a copy of the torrent for themselves. But anybody else would really have to see whether reading the book a week before the rest of the world is worth risking their eyesight and brains, squinting to make out what happens when Harry confronts He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named for the last time.
If you’re the type of person who likes spoilers, check out this page.
c There are 322 comments. Add yours?
comment policySearching for
Volvo S70 Starters
Need to replace the Electric Starter Motor in your Volvo S70? Then shop at 1A Auto for a high quality, replacement Engine Starter Motor for your Volvo S70, at a great price. 1A Auto has a large selection of aftermarket Starters for your Volvo S70, and ground shipping in the continental U.S. is always free! Visit us online or call 888-844-3393 and order a brand new Starter Motor for your Volvo S70 today!Read more.This product is no longer available.
You can try these similar gifts instead.
Five Old West Replica Badges in Presentation Box
Texas Ranger, US Marshall, and more classic badges of the old west will add glamor to their collection of memorabilia and can even be worn when the occasion calls for the sheriff to make an appearance.
This product is no longer listed on FindGift.com by this retailer. Check the Similar Gifts section above to find other gifts that may be suitable.HS BASEBALL: Scranton's Jake McCarthy commits to Virginia
Jake McCarthy enjoyed the University of Virginia while visiting his brother Joe so much he decided that's where he would like to play in two years.
And Tuesday, when coach Brian O'Connor offered the Scranton High School junior a scholarship to play baseball, he jumped at the opportunity to make that become a reality. McCarthy, a three-sport standout, made a verbal commitment to Virginia, while playing in a travel-team tournament with the Baseball USA 2015U squad.
"It was definitely a decision for me between football and baseball, but with Joe going there, he was able to really give me a lot of insight into what to expect and the school," McCarthy said. "I wanted to play baseball. I liked the campus and the academics there and the baseball program is great."
In June, McCarthy completed his sophomore year at Scranton, where he had all-star seasons in football and baseball, while also being a key contributor to the basketball team that won a District 2 Class AAAA championship.
He was an All-Region selection as a running back after helping Scranton to the Lackawanna Football Conference Division I title. He displayed outstanding speed and shifty moves in running for 1,737 yards and 25 touchdowns. In two seasons, he has run for 2,262 yards and six touchdowns with 3,192 all-purpose yards and 34 touchdowns.
On the diamond, McCarthy is a two-year starter. The 6-foot-2, 190-pound center fielder batted .383 with 18 runs scored and nine RBIs in helping the Knights to the District 2 Class AAAA championship game.
As a freshman, McCarthy played right field and hit .400 with 22 runs scored.
He will continue to play all three sports at Scranton.
"This is a big weight off my shoulders," McCarthy, 15, said. "It's nice to know where you are going to go to college. Now I can focus on playing for Scranton, rather than where I will be playing in the future."
It didn't hurt to have his older brother playing at Virginia.
Going to see the Cavaliers and his brother several times in the spring, which included the NCAA Regional in Charlottesville at Davenport Field, helped sway the younger McCarthy's decision.
"That's really when I decided Virginia was where I wanted to go," he said. "The atmosphere in that stadium was unbelievable."
Joe McCarthy just completed an outstanding freshman season at Virginia. He batted .336 with 75 hits which included 10 doubles. In addition, he finished with a slugging percentage of .453 and an on-base percentage of .469, while being chosen a Louisville Slugger Freshman All-American for the Cavaliers, who finished 50-12.
"I talked to him about it and I had a hunch that they were going to offer him," Joe McCarthy said. "I emphasized that these coaches were the best and his experience would be great.
"I am really happy.Starting Out
Insurance Basics
Insurance - overlooked by many investors - can play a major role in fulfilling
your investment strategy. Are you:
These are just some of the questions to which insurance
products can help provide answers.
Contact an Investment Advisor
at a BMO Nesbitt Burns branch near
you who will be pleased
to introduce you to an Estate & Insurance Advisor.
If you would like a BMO Nesbitt Burns Investment Advisor to contact you, simply complete this brief contact form.
Note: All insurance products are offered through
BMO Nesbitt Burns Financial Services Inc. by licensed life insurance agents,
and, in Quebec, by financial security advisors.
Related Links
Contact BMO Nesbitt BurnsThe High Fructose Corn Syrup Drink: Myths And Truths About Sweeteners
The internet has certainly helped us to get to the bottom of today’s problems. Any discussion about health will prompt a concern with high fructose corn syrup and probably the GMO industry. Many of us have ignored these health related topics because it seemed like the easy way out. However, after finally sitting down and reading some informative posts about these topics, this knowledge is not so sweet.
It’s time to investigate the safety of high fructose corn syrup (HFCS). What are those educated in the fitness industry saying?The High-Fructose Corn Syrup Is No Worse for You Than Table Sugar story may just be a myth after all.
Another informative post startled me. I wanted to hear more facts about high fructose corn syrup, and not the sugar-coated propaganda we are fed on television. Mark Hyman (MD) wrote an impressive piece in the Huffington Post concerning the debate over HFCS. If you want to read something and get enlighted, then read The Not-So-Sweet Truth About High Fructose Corn Syrup. I strongly encourage anyone to give this one a try. Bring your beverage with you…
Why should we give a hoot about HFCS? Well, a quick High-Fructose Corn Syrup 101 update may change how we feel about sweeteners. Oh, and please tell me obesity isn’t a problem in America. I believe it’s time that we inform ourselves with facts instead of what we are being told by the big corporations that sell us these tempting products.
And I’m not being hypocritical here. I too am a big fan of soft drinks and those unhealthy fast foods. I do think as we get older we should consider the effects of unhealthy foods and at least try to modify our eating habits.
I’m positive that we can do something about our health. Let’s take that challenge. Shall we?
Recent CommentsBook details
Kazazian, HH
Mobile DNA - finding treasure in junk
FT Press; 2011
288 pages
ISBN: 978-0-13-707062-6
In his celebrated 1970 book, Jacques Monod follows in the footsteps of Democritus who allegedly around 400 BC argued: ‘everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity’. ‘Chance and necessity’ also describes how many of us got drawn to the field of mobile genetic elements, and the adage could have served as subtitle to Haig Kazazian’s new book Mobile DNA - Finding treasure in junk. Not only does the book provides an historical, detailed, and up-to-date account of the study of the LINE-1 (L1) element, the only transposable element known to be autonomously jumping in humans, it is also a beautiful manifesto for the ad-lib path that we all cherish in the basic science enterprise. Kazazian takes us on a personal tour of the twisty route that led him to previously unexplored genomic territories and, along the way, to groundbreaking discoveries.
As the author warns in his introductory chapter, the book does not provide a broad, balanced, or comprehensive overview of the entire field of mobile DNA research. Nor does it attempt to synthesize all the profound implications of this field for understanding genome function and evolution in virtually all branches of life’s tree. While keeping this in mind, Kazazian’s book is a must-read and a trove of information for anyone involved in the study of mobile elements. The book is also highly recommended to anyone even remotely engaged in human genome research. Part of this community continues to ignore the crucial impact of mobile elements in shaping our genome and thereby our biology, as well as that of our ancestors and distant relatives. After over two decades of research on L1 and its allies, the pioneering works of Kazazian and colleagues have illustrated both the destructive and constructive facets of transposition in the genome. This double-edge sword of mobile element activity is recapitulated in vivid colors in this widely accessible book.
The organization of the book is somewhat unorthodox. Following a brief introduction, the book begins with five concise chapters providing background information on the various types and abundance of mobile DNA in diverse organisms. These chapters feel more like a compilation of ‘further reading’ material rather than a real effort to synthesize what unifies or distinguishes the various forms of mobile DNA populating genomes. With Chapter 7, aptly entitled ‘The prologue’, the book takes a sharp turn in style and content. One feels this chapter should and might once have been the opening chapter. It begins with a line that struck me as a classic quote: ‘Rarely does one find Maxine Singer outside a public place without a lit cigarette’. As we get into the true ‘meat’ of the book, the tone becomes decidedly more personal and more entertaining. Through a series of thrilling chapters, Kazazian recounts the unforeseen and convoluted cascade of events that led him to enter, not without some hesitation, the burgeoning field of mobile DNA and the ensuing two decades of seminal discoveries on L1 elements achieved in his laboratory (and a few others). This epic covers more than half of the book, and it is not only la pièce de resistance, but also the real treat of the book. In particular, one can feel the excitement building up in the chase for the first active human L1 elements in the mid-to-late 1980s. This section is a real page-turner and I have to admit shamelessly I would have gone back to the buffet for seconds.
Throughout this major slice of the book, Kazazian proceeds largely in chronological order through short chapters that are generally constructed with the same mold. Each introduces the cast of characters that succeeded through his lab, the key questions they set out to tackle, the hurdles they encountered along the way while designing, performing, or interpreting the experiments, and how they eventually succeeded to deliver what has now become classic L1 literature. The style is direct, crisp, and effective, and the juicy anecdotes that punctuate the technical descriptions of key experiments make this part of the book the most informative and enjoyable. The author pays an enormous tribute to the members of his laboratory and he never misses an opportunity to highlight their independence, ingenuity, and exemplary work ethics. He also gives plenty of credit to collaborators and other scientists, notably Maxine Singer and Jef Boeke, but also Tom Eickbush, and later John Moran, who acted as catalysts for Kazazian’s research and produced many crucial tools and concepts to the field.
Perhaps what I would retain as the most important lesson in this saga is Kazazian’s role as an inspired and inspiring leader. His passion for the topic and for science transpires through every page (pore) of this book and it has been contagious. His laboratory has produced not only keystones to our current appreciation of the tremendous influence of L1 in shaping, for better or worse, our genome, but also a crop of creative and dedicated followers that extend far beyond Kazazian’s direct mentees. The book’s Preface, ‘Thoughts on doing science’, lucidly encapsulates what basic science is all about: training, creativity, and perseverance. Without any doubt, scientists at any stage of their career, and not just those interested in mobile DNA, will find something precious to learn from this opus.
Competing interests
The author declares no competing interests.First batch of Saudi aid arrives in Yemen
March 22, 2012
A Saudi cargo plane loaded with 70 tons of foodstuffs, including wheat, rice, oil, milk and biscuits, arrived in Sana’a today. The delivery marked the beginning of a Saudi humanitarian airlift that aims to deliver 200 tons of aid to be distributed to the displaced people of Yemen. A second plane is scheduled to arrive in Yemen on Friday, while a third delivery is planned for Saturday.On this episode of The Young and the Restless, Sharon wears a white embellished neck top. Looks like she isn't horsing around when she has it out with Nikki in the barn. Sharon tells Victor's former wife to get off of her high horse in so many words. Nikki, on the other hand, says, "I didn't think you'd mind if I rode him first. That sort of thing doesn't seem to bother you." The best part of this little argument? Not the teasing, water-pouring, or powder throwing but that Victor is the war horse. The worst part? Seeing this beautiful blouse treated so poorly. At the end of the day, once again the Newman women prove all those "neigh"sayers wrong. You know, the ones claiming Genoa City is a one-horse town.
3.1 Phillip Lim Embellished Neck Top
$420.00 by 3.1 Phillip Lim at Nordstrom
- During National Donate Life Month, New Yorkers Should Remember "1 for 8" -- 1 Organ Donor Can Save Up to 8 Lives
- How Much Do You Really Know about Organ Donation?
- How Much Do You Really Know about Organ Donation?
- New Nephrology Chief Named at NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia University Medical Center
- NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center Celebrates Transplant Program's 50 Years of Lifesaving Success
- Two New Pediatrics Division Directors at NewYork-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell
Research and Clinical Trials
Return to psychosocial single kidney compensates by growing larger.
Since its inception in 2004, NewYork-Presbyterian/Columbia's Donor Exchange Program has completed five kidney swap procedures. For more information on kidney swaps, patients can call 1-866-NYP-NEWS..
- Bryan Dotson
- brd9005@nyp.orgNBC-TV’s anchorman Brian Williams, so did he see “Anchorman 2”?
“Not yet.”
So has he ever goofed on air?
“We all flub, trip, boot a word. Maybe one mistake per night. You can’t not stumble occasionally with an unfamiliar place or name. I try to write and edit everything myself before I go on air. I try to carefully pronounce every word.
“My life didn’t exactly begin as a network anchor. I’m from New Jersey. I was a busboy in Middletown. I sold Christmas trees from the back of a semi in Red Bank. My career move to station KOAM in Kansas lasted 13 months. But there I learned from the ground up. You had to learn to write your own material or you’re dead because there’s nobody else to write it.
“Came in handy reporting overseas. Under fire, you write everything. You have to know how, what to do. Next, DC. An off-the-air job typing the chyron [letters scrolling across the screen]. Then on air on Channel 5, Channel 10 in Philly, New York’s Channel 2 and to NBC 20 years ago as a national correspondent, filling in on the “Today” show, doing morning news. Never ever thought I’d be a 6 p.m. anchor.
“I’m bullish on news. Our audience is very healthy. Evening news is a self-generating common storm. There’s no shortage of opinions, but after undemanding news in smaller portions on a 50-inch screen, tiny cell or even with our robust digital operation, at a certain point people want their half-hour of knowing what’s solid.”
A little here and a little there
A loved singer’s turning a tad soft. Forgetting. Repeating. Unsure. Unsteady. Friends are covering. . . . Tuesday’s front page about the husband killed in a carjacking? A longtime New Jersey cop told me instantly: “That vehicle will be found in Newark. Newark is the USA’s carjacking capital.” He was correct. . . . In “Behind the Candelabra,” Michael Douglas plays an old Peggy King record for Matt Damon. Now 83, after 30 years, Peggy’s got a comeback shot Dec. 30 at 54 Below.
Around town
Brooke Shields sitting alone, sipping hot cider at Wilfie’s on West Fourth. Dylan was playing. She looked happy. . . . Seeing the new musical “Fun Home,” as the lights dimmed, Johnny Depp got whisked into his Public Theater seats. . . . Hot even off the Yanks, a street’s getting named for Mariano Rivera and a lady paid $8,000 for the ball he used to break the Major League saves record and on which he wrote “602 Salvados [“saves” in Spanish] 9/19/11.”
Razz you
Our Lou Lumenick gave Spike Jonze’s new “Her” starring Joaquin Phoenix a razzberry. Weeks back, both walked its red carpet talking only to one another, speaking to no one, ignoring the working press who’d waited in the cold for them for hours. Deliberately addressing no one, they made smarty remarks to one another when anyone tried approaching. They deserve Lumenick’s razzberry.
Can-do
To conquer NYC, never take no for an answer. Years back, opening Fresco, Marion Scotto needed to mortgage her family-owned home. The local bank refused, saying she didn’t know the restaurant business. She threatened to picket outside with a sign saying they won’t help her. They caved. Today Fresco is so crowded with names like Archie Manning, Fran Tarkenton, Katie Couric, you can hardly get a table.
Tuesday, lunch, a Midtown East Side junior finance executive calls Fresh Direct for broiled salmon, brown rice, beans. All works fine. Truck comes. Delivery comes. Also comes slightly offkilter paperwork. Listed is 25 jars Claussen kosher whole dill pickles — plus — 25 jars of 2.5-ounce KY jelly. Imagine the shock if that particular customer got salmon, rice and beans. One’s high protein. The other’s high whoknows. Question: What’s he/she/it doing with kosher pickles greased in lubricant? And if that’s a lunch order, just imagine the dinner menu.
Only in New York, kids, only in New York.… Read More »Fapstr.com is the 0:th largest website within the world. The website is created in 30/09/2010, owned by unavailable, currently located in United States and is running on IP 184.168.179. Fapstr.com Google Pagerank is 0 and it's domain is Commercial. Fapstr.com estimated worth is $0.00, with 0 estimated visites per day and ad revenue of $ 0.00.
Title: Untitled Document
Description: unavailable
Keywords: Untitled Document Mar Gmt Ranges Bytes Vary Encoding Length
Created: 30/09/2010
Expires: 30/09/2016
Owner: unavailable
Hosted in: United States
Host IP: 184.168.179.1
ICANN Registrar: GODADDY.COM, LLC
Domain Archive: fapstr.com in the past
Alexa Rank: #0
Links In: 31
Google Page Rank: 0
Server DNS A: 184.168.179.1
Server DNS NS: ns76.domaincontrol.com ns75.domaincontrol.com
Server Name: p3nlhg220c1220apstr, rapstr, tapstr, xapstr, zapstr, fepstr, ffpstr, fmpstr, fadstr, fafstr, fanstr, faqstr, favstr, faptr, fapktr, fapqtr, fapytr, fapsfr, fapsqr, fapssr, fapstd, fapstf, fapstp, afpstr, fasptr, hfapstr, ufapstr, wfapstr, fdapstr, fgapstr, flapstr, ftapstr, fuapstr, fyapstr, fappstr, faphstr, fapnstr, fappstr, faprstr, fapsstr, fapzstr, fapsbtr, fapsrtr, fapswtr, fapstqr, fapstsr, fapstur, fapstrl, fapstrp, fapstrv,
unavailable.I have popsicles on the brain. Nothing says summer like a yummy frozen treat. And while I love ice cream, sometimes it’s just too hot for all that dairy. Making popsicles at home is a great way to get your kids to eat more fruit and maybe even try something new!
Of course you could use a paper cup and a wooden stick to make your popsicles and they will taste just as good. But if you want to get fancy with it or even make your treats in as little as seven minutes, check out these fun popsicle molds!
- Crate & Barrel – Set of 6 Ice Pop Molds ($12.95)
- Norpro – Aluminum Lid Ice Pop Maker ($17.49)
- Norpro – 8 piece Ice Pop Makers ($11.99)
- Onyx – Stainless Steel popsicle mold ($39.95)
- Tovolo – Star Ice Pop Mold ($10.99)
- Orka – 4 Ice pops ($10.95)
- Zoku – Duo Quick Pop Maker ($36.95)
YAYY! Thank you! Been wanting to get some of these, and you just did all the research work for me!
I have the star shaped molds. I ordered them on Amazon and we love them. The only bad thing is if the holder is frozen and it hits the floor it will break. I speak from experience. We can still use it though.
I would love to have these. I have none of these and I usually just use ice cube trays.
Sharp, sleek, safe, easy to clean and lit looks great- what’s not to love about this highchair!!!! LOVE IT : )
@Cathy, That’s the downside to most plastic molds and why I don’t buy them anymore.
I love the silicone molds they seem like fun and are less likely to break so maybe I’ll try them out. As for the Zoku, I think I’ll pass. I took one look at it and knew it wouldn’t work for me. Sadly those types of molds just never work in Hawaii, it’s just too hot and humid here. It’s like when I tried to make ice cream in that cuisinart thing people were raving about last year. It got too warm in the 20 minutes it was mixing to freeze anything.
My MIL just got me the ones from tupperware and im pretty excited to try them out with my little man. Watermelon pops are his fav.
1:00 - 1:15 OAUG Hyperion SIG Welcome and Introductions
- SIG Board members
- Domain Leads
- Web Cast Series
1:15 - 2:15 Oracle Key Note Speaker:
- Rich Clayton, Oracle VP of EPM
2:15 - 2:30 OAUG Board Member Speaker:
- Ray Payne, OAUG VP of Global Outreach & Transition
2:30 - 2:45 Collaborate Hyperion Presentations Overview
2:45 - 3:15 SIG website overview and Q& A for ideas
3:15 - 4:15 Cocktail & Appetizer Reception
March 25, 2008
Collaborate - Hyperion SIG Agenda
1:00 - 1:15 OAUG Hyperion SIG Welcome and Introductions
March 24, 2008
Collaborate 2008 Has 1,000+ Hyperion Attendees
If you haven't registered yet, make sure you do it by April 3. After that, the price goes up from $1,495 to $1,695 (and you're basically paying the on-site rate). The easiest way to register is here:.
It will give you two options. If you're a member of OAUG, IOUG, or Quest, it will direct you to register through their links. If you're just a common Hyperion user who doesn't belong to one of them fancy "citified" user groups, you'll be instructed to click here:.
No matter which route you take, please use discount code INTERREL08 when you register (we get credit for pointing you in the right direction).
There's a tremendous amount of information available on-line about the conference. There's an overall agenda for the conference in a nicely printable PDF. If you prefer a PDF just listing the Hyperion presentations there's one of those too. There's a search page pre-filtered for Hyperion sessions if you're looking to find specific presentations. OAUG also offers a personal agenda builder to create a schedule of just what you want to see.
As far as Hyperion presentations go, they were originally hoping to offer 100-150 Hyperion sessions. (I mentioned this on a blog posting back in February.) Due to the lack of quality presentations to choose from, they only ended up selecting a little over 80 presentations (hey, quality is better than quantity). Of those ~80 presentations, ~30 are being delivered by Oracle staffers (mostly the high-level intro presentations or the product direction presentations). interRel is delivering (either alone or with interRel clients) 25 or 26 presentations. That leaves around 25 sessions that non-interRel clients and other partners of Oracle are presenting. I'm wondering if the Collaborate folks should say "The Hyperion Track is brought to you by Oracle and the good folks at interRel"...
Since they spread the ~80 presentations over 19 timeslots, a couple of the timeslots are pretty sparse. Some hours have as few as 2 presentations while other slots have up to 7 presentations. There are a few time slots where interRel isn't presenting anything and then there are weird times like 2:15PM on Monday when 3 OUT OF 4 presentations are by interRel.
Of the interRel presentations, I'm delivering 9 or 10 of them. Tracy McMullen is doing another 8 or 9 and we have another 13 people coming to the conference to help deliver the remainder. Oh, and they're staffing the booth too. If you want to come by and visit us at Collaborate, we're in booth 963. You can also visit Tracy and me at our book signings. Apparently, there will a bookstore at Collaborate selling books on Oracle topics (including copies of all of the different Look Smarter books we've written). On Tuesday and Wednesday from 12:30-1:30, they've asked us to come by the bookstore and sign copies of our books for our adoring fans (if any actually exist). If you wish for me to deface your book with my signature, please free to stop by.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in Denver!
March 22, 2008
OAUG Hyperion SIG - How Essbase Thinks webcast
Membership in the Hyperion SIG is free (to existing members of OAUG).
As you've all heard by now, OAUG is one of the forces beyond the Collaborate conference in April. On that note, the Hyperion SIG will be meeting at COLLABORATE 08 on Sunday, the first day of the conference (1PM-3:15PM in Room 407), so make sure you arrive in Denver in time to attend.
One of the more interesting aspects of the Hyperion SIG is that they hold a free monthly e-learning webcast (similar to our interRel webcasts except ours are weekly). I'm the Essbase Domain Lead for the Hyperion SIG (along with Tim Tow) so they asked me to give a presentation on Essbase for their March e-learning session. I decided to deliver "How Essbase Thinks" since when we hold it for our interRel webcasts, it usually attracts 100+ people. Here's the abstract:
Would you like to know some of what the Hyperion developers know about the Hyperion Essbase engine? Join the OAUG Hyperion SIG for an informative hour designed to give you a thorough understanding of what actually happens behind the scenes and underneath the covers. Go beyond "laboratory theory" and learn what Edward Roske, author of "Look Smarter Than You Are with Hyperion Essbase" actually gathered from 10+ years of real-life experience at Hyperion Essbase customers. You'll learn how Essbase handles different formulas and commands during a calculation, how data is compressed, and how internally data is loaded into memory. For a true Essbase "insider's perspective," this is the e-Learning event you don't want to miss!
It's a bit fawning, I know. Hey, it's not like I wrote it. Anyway, my "How Essbase Thinks" webcast is Thursday, March 27, and as of right now, the 5PM Eastern timeslot has space left. I'm also delivering the same webcast at 9AM Eastern, but that's one at capacity. If you're interested in registering, I'd hurry because each presentation timeslot is limited to the first 25 people to sign up (apparently, there's a limitation in OAUG's webcasting software).
March 18, 2008
Best Essbase Conference Ever?
If you read my post from February, I basically advised everyone to attend Collaborate because it was, frankly, bigger than the Oracle Developer Tool Users Group Kaleidoscope conference. There's no way, I said, that a conference with fewer than 10 presentations [note: I was off by a factor of 3] on Hyperion could do justice to all the products that Hyperion historically produced (60+). Mike Riley from ODTUG wrote me back (and commented on my blog entry) and he disagreed with my point that variety equals quality. To quote him exactly, "From an individual attendee's perspective, if I only had 17 sessions that I could attend, and each of those sessions had 10 tracks, does that mean I could see 170 presentations? No, I'm still limited to 17 presentations."
My e-mailed response to him started off with "You make a good point: if I had to choose from 150 mediocre presentations or 10 good ones, I would definitely choose quality over quantity." I then went on to say that his conference would need some serious help to achieve the quality that would make me go to it instead of a larger conference. I said that Kaleidoscope would have to have top-notch keynotes from the top Oracle brass, panels from recognized Hyperion gurus and developers, information packed presentations (not those horrible hour long infomercials) on topics people really wanted to learn about, and most importantly, a narrowed focus so that one product could be handled well rather than multiple products handled inadequately. I suggested they focus just on Essbase and leave Hyperion Planning, Hyperion Financial Management and the rest for another year.
I have to admit that I was being rather vocal to Mike about what I feel he should do with his conference, and I was pretty sure he was going to punch me (or the 21st century equivalent: flame me in a blog comment) for stepping on his turf. Mike turned out to be a much bigger individual than I am. He came back to me and said, basically, "you made some good points, so how would you like to head up the Hyperion track at Kaleidoscope?" In other words, "put your money where your mouth is, buddy, and let's see if you can really make something out of this!"
Well, I semi-accepted the challenge. Knowing that chairing an entire track was more than one man could handle, I volunteered my good friend, Tim Tow, to be co-chair along with me (although I'm pretty sure that Tim will no longer be my good friend once this is all over). Our first decision was to focus exclusively on Essbase this year since it's the most developer-oriented tool that Hyperion makes (that's widely used) although we briefly entertained the possibility of two Hyperion tracks (Essbase in one track and the Hyperion apps in the other).
The next 4+ weeks were hell. Putting together an entire track in less than a month is always difficult, and we weren't just aiming for a pretty good track (or even a "Hyperion Solutions conference" quality track). Proving that dreamers are alive and well in the Hyperion world, we decided to create "the greatest Essbase conference in the history of the world." If you're going to dream, dream big. We'll let history decide if we succeeded, but here are the basic facts:
- Keynotes. We wanted to have a headliner to kick the week off. We have two: John Kopcke and Robert Gersten (both SVPs from Oracle in the BI/EPM areas) will both be delivering keynotes.
- Presentations. We wanted to have at least as many hours of presentations as Solutions (timeslots, not total quantities of presentations). We ended up with 30+ hours of content starting on Sunday morning at 8AM and going until noon on Thursday. Some days have presentations until 6PM at night. 30 hours is more than double the number of hours that Solutions used to offer.
- Quality of presenters. Instead of waiting for the speakers we wanted to come to us, we went to them. We didn't see a single presentation submitted by Essbase developers, so we invited them to attend and they said yes. We asked the leaders from some of the Essbase forums (like Jeff McAhren from Health Markets) to attend and they said yes. We asked the top people at the largest Hyperion partners to speak, and they said yes. Of all of the people we invited to speak, only three declined the invitation.
- Themes. We wanted each day to be not just a high-level hitting of topics but rather a deep-dive on one key area of focus. As such, we have entire days devoted to optimization, the future of Essbase, programming, and more.
- Panels. We have panels with the Essbase development team, panels with Essbase optimization gurus, panels with large-scale implementation customers, and more. We have more panels than I've seen at all the Hyperion Solutions conferences in the last 5 years put together.
Have a look at the final agenda at. Sounds too good to be true, doesn't it? Is it practically perfect in every way? Well, there is one disconcerting issue. The current ballroom that's hosting the Hyperion Essbase track at Kaleidoscope can only hold 150 people. Based on the expected demand for the track above, they're expecting more than 150 people. While they're actively looking to get a bigger room for us, they may be limiting attendees to the first 150 people to register. My advice is not to delay or you might be told that all spaces in the Hyperion track are full.
If you're responsible for multiple products and you can only afford to go to one conference this year, you might want to consider Collaborate. If your job is to build or maintain Essbase cubes, though, you want to be a part of Kaleidoscope. Who knows if we'll ever be able to pull this off again? Early bird registration is up on March 25, so get over to the Kaleidoscope site and register now to get the cheaper rate (and guarantee your space).
Keep reading this blog for further updates as we get closer to the start of the Kaleidoscope conference. See you June 15-19 in New Orleans!
March 4, 2008
Look Smarter Than You Are With Essbase: An End User's Guide
Sales in the first year have been phenomenal. At last check, we were one of the top 25 best selling books of all-time on lulu.com (our publisher) and they publish over 10,000 titles. Normally a computer book has big sales shortly after the release but then sales die down over the lifetime of the book. Our sales last quarter were the biggest yet. Instead of an overnight bestseller, does that make us an overyear bestseller?
Feedback on the book has been mostly positive. People tend to like the humor and the step-by-step approach (as opposed to the more "look up specific stuff" method that the Essbase Database Administrator's Guide follows). My mother complained that the book cost too much, but she was the only one I heard that voiced that concern (Mom's exact quote was, "do I really have to spend $49.95 just to prove I love you?"). The only recurrent complaints were that the index page numbering was slightly off (fixed in the newest release) and that the book was too administrator-oriented to give to, say, an entire finance department.
Frankly, that last criticism was correct. While we built the first third of the book to be geared towards end users, it was immediately followed by a few hundred pages of material about building and administering cubes. While the information wouldn't harm an end user, it seemed silly to make people pay $49.95 for a book and then tell them not to read two-thirds of it. In a fit of (retail) inspiration, Look Smarter Than You Are with Essbase: An End User's Guide was born. It's primarily the same content as the full-blown guide, but with the administrative content removed (and with a new retail price of $29.95 to entice companies to buy in bulk for entire departments).
The book is in the final proofing stages and should be available on our publisher's site by end of March and it'll be on Amazon.com in late April or early May. The point of the book is to give end users of Essbase everything they need to know to slice and dice Essbase cubes from Excel, Word, PowerPoint, or whatever.
The last part of the book to be written was, oddly, chapter one. As readers of our other book can attest, chapter one is the story that sets the tone for the entire book: this won't be your average, boring computer manual. In my last book, the first chapter was the completely true story of how I blacked out the entire city of New Orleans using only the power of Essbase (or so I thought). I finished chapter one of "An End User's Guide" at three o'clock this morning, so I thought I'd share it with you. It's humorous in a dark, dry sort of way (or at least I think it is after staying up until 3AM writing it). Subject to proofing revisions, here's Chapter One of Look Smarter Than You Are With Essbase: An End User's Guide:
How I Almost Killed a Man
In the worst of times, desperate men can be driven to commit acts of desperation. Case in point, I'm sitting in my cubicle at this moment, trying to figure out how to kill my boss with only the power of my thoughts. I've come to the conclusion that it would be much easier to kill him if 1) he was here at the office with me instead of home asleep in his bed; and 2) my brainwaves weren't reduced to brainripples since it's 3AM and budgets are due in six hours. I'll have to abandon the mental murder idea. On to Plan B: how to kill my boss using a luke warm Starbucks venti vanilla latte.
This isn't getting me anywhere. Murder probably isn't appropriate in a business situation and normally I wouldn't attack any of my coworkers with cold, milk-based drinks. How in the name of Odin did I end up like this? As best as my sleep-derived memory can recall, it started with a phone call from my boss, Mr. Deadman. The phone rang; my heart sank.
"Sorry to bother you on such a lovely day," he said. I knew he was looking out his window at the sunset as I stared at my graying, windowless cubicle wall. At least I have a picture of a kitten clinging to a branch with the inspirational quote "Hang on... help is coming" to keep my morale up.
"No, no bother. Any questions on the consolidated budget? They're due tomorrow, so there better not be any questions. You know how I like to leave every day by 5." Since I hadn't left before 6 in this millennium, I laughed at my own semi-joke until I noticed that I was the only one laughing. He didn't say a word.
The silence stretched on like... something that stretches on for a really long time. As I stared at my kitten poster for salvation, he said, "That's actually why I'm calling. I just need you to increase the IT hardware budget by 10%. Rising cost of servers, don't you know? No hurry, because I'm leaving for the day in just a couple of minutes. I won't even be able to look at the revised numbers until morning."
I could feel the anger rising as my morale deflated. I threw a pencil at the stupid kitten picture. Through gritted teeth, I managed to stammer, "Sure... no... problem..." and in my head I continued 'you jerk.'
With the perky voice of someone about to leave at 5:05PM, he said, "excellent, and since it's no problem, can you do me a favor and analyze the IT budget growth since last year? I'd do it myself but I have a doctor's appointment first thing in the morning and I won't be in until right before the budget review meeting."
I imagined that I was the one hanging from that kitten's little tree branch. He took my moment of wondering in entirely the wrong way. "Oh, don't worry, it's nothing serious. It's just a routine check up but I figured I'd do it before year end when things are going to get really hectic. Well, have a great one. Don't work too hard."
He chuckled as he hung up the phone. Yes, he actually chuckled. I ripped the kitten poster off the wall and got to work.
Updating the IT budget itself wasn't what took forever: it was consolidating all of our spreadsheets together. With over 200 Excel spreadsheets, I have to open up each one off the network share drive in exactly the right order, press F9, and then on to the next worksheet.
I ran into a frustrating situation around 11PM. After the initial submission of the budget sheets, someone had opened up his sheet and decided that things would be a bit prettier with one fewer column, so he deleted it. My summary workbook, of course, wasn't smart enough to pick up on this change, so my formulas were adding in the wrong column. I noticed around 11, but it took me until 3AM to find the problem and correct it.
Now we're back to where our story began. Budgets have been consolidated, all errant formulas have been corrected, and I haven't even started on the analysis my boss requested. It's at this point that I realize that there's virtually no way to kill someone with a latte (even a really tasty and worth every dollar Starbucks latte) so I'd need find a better plan. My eyes search my cubicle for implements of destruction.
My eyes wander past my red Swingline stapler and to my monitor where Excel is staring at me: mercilessly mocking me with its unnaturally straight gridlines. The numbers seem to be running across the screen and that's when I realize that I really need to take a nap. Wait. What is this menu item I see between Window and Help? Is this some form of salvation in the form of Essbase or is it just a mirage in the desert that is my existence?
Choirs begin to sing as I realize that the key to my getting a few hours of sleep lies in the hands of a little Excel add-in and its good friend, Essbase. No, they aren't real choirs but rather my iPod playing Beethoven's Ninth, but surely this must be a sign. Remembering everything I learned in that best-selling Essbase book I read, I raced to the Essbase menu and within minutes had resubmitted my budgets, consolidated them, and performed some pretty amazing analysis. I finished everything just in time to sing along with Ode to Joy in gleeful gibberish German.
I must have fallen asleep, because the next thing I knew, my boss was standing at the entrance to my cubicle wearing golf attire. Doctor's appointment, my ass. He spoke as I wiped the drool from the corner of my mouth.
"Wow, that outfit looks great on you. It looks even better on you today than it did yesterday. Say, what happened to your cat poster?"
It was balled up in my trash can at the moment, but I knew just where he should stuff it. I started to suggest it when he said, "I got the analysis you sent me at 4AM. I don't know how you got it done in time. It was wonderful."
Clearing thoughts of relocating my poster into one of his orifices from my head, I managed to eke out, "thank you?"
He smiled and put his hand warmly on my shoulder. I didn't immediately try to break his wrist which meant that my thoughts of death by mind/coffee were gone only to be replaced (momentarily) with thoughts of a sexual harassment lawsuit.
"While I'd love to take the credit, Mr. Deadman, I have to say that I couldn't have done it without Essbase. It saved my life last night" and yours to, I didn't add out loud.
He smiled from sunburned ear to sunburned ear. "Well, I always knew that buying Essbase was a good idea. I guess this proves it. You owe me one!"
He skipped off as I grabbed my copy of Look Smarter Than You Are with Essbase: An End User's Guide and threw it at his head.
Note that the authors of this book do not condone in any way killing people with your thoughts, your venti latte, or your copy of this book. While the story above is false, similar situations occur all the time. We hope that you learn from this book so that you don't do something you might regret after 5-10 years of hard labor. Don't wait until 3AM to recall your Essbase teachings. Read this book, learn how to use Essbase to your advantage, and please, get a good night's sleep.
, and now Google Street View Time Machine. You can find his tumblr here.
The most shocking thing about the photos is that the decay he documents takes place in such a short period of time, between 2009 and 2013. Many well-manicured neighborhoods and active businesses have turned into Detroit into a virtual wasteland, looking more like something out of a post-apocalyptic John Carpenter film than habitable neighborhoods.
Asup describes it as “a Hurricane without water“:
The crisis came at a moment when home values had already been declining for years. All of the sudden there was a precipitous drop in value, yet assessments remained incredibly high, city services further declined, and you had tens of thousands of people facing a situation where their house was worth $20,000, they owed $3,000 or so a year in property taxes, and were delivered very poor city services for that exorbitant sum. So they left. They were kicked out via speculators buying their homes at foreclosure auctions, they started renting, left the city, bought a cheaper place. All kinds of things.
The result is the graph you see below. 70,000+ tax foreclosures since the financial crisis. An annual auction that sees 20,000 properties go up for bid for $500 a piece, sold oftentimes to speculators who do nothing to the property. Half the properties don’t sell, and are inherited by the city, where their fate, historically, has been just as bad.
As if you needed another reason to be angry that nobody has been held to account for the financial crisis.
h/t Ashley FeinbergPatent application title: PROTECTING A MANUFACTURED ITEM FROM COUNTERFEITING
Inventors:
Cheng Tan (Cupertino, CA, US)
Assignees:
MOXIE PROXY
IPC8 Class: AG06Q5000FI
USPC Class:
705 50
Class name: Data processing: financial, business practice, management, or cost/price determination business processing using cryptography
Publication date: 2010-01-21
Patent application number: 20100017330
Abstract:
A method and system are described for protecting a manufactured item from
counterfeiting. The manufactured item, which is marked with an
identifier, such as a serial number,.
Claims:
1. A method for protecting a manufactured item from counterfeiting, the
manufactured item being marked with an identifier, the method
comprising:associating the identifier with a code generator, the code
generator having a stored secret for generating a verification
code;supplying the code generator with the manufactured item; andusing
the identifier from the manufactured item and the verification code
generated by the code generator to verify authenticity of the
manufactured item.
2. The method of claim 1, wherein associating the identifier with the code generator further comprises initializing the code generator to prepare it for use.
3. The method of claim 1, further comprising:storing a secret for the code generator, wherein the secret comprises a plurality of information used by a management system to compute an expected verification code that should be generated by the code generator; andassociating the identifier with the code generator's secret.
4. The method of claim 1, wherein the identifier comprises any combination of being human readable, being machine readable, being overtly placed, and being covertly placed.
5. The method of claim 1, wherein the identifier is at least one of being unique to each manufactured item, and being unique to a plurality of manufactured items.
6. The method of claim 1, wherein associating the identifier with the code generator further comprises associating additional identifiers with the code generator, wherein the additional identifiers are associated with constituent parts of the manufactured item.
7. The method of claim 1, wherein the code generator comprises at least one of: a hardware device, software installed in the manufactured item, and software installed in a device that is associated with the manufactured item.
8. A system for protecting a manufactured item from counterfeiting, the manufactured item being marked with an identifier, comprising:means for associating the identifier with a code generator, the code generator having a stored secret for generating a verification code;means for supplying the code generator with the manufactured item;means for using the identifier from the manufactured item and the verification code generated by the code generator to verify authenticity of the manufactured item;accepting a verification as successful if the verification code matches anexpected verification code, and rejecting the verification as failed otherwise.
9. The system of claim 8, wherein means for associating the identifier with the code generator further comprises means for initializing the code generator to prepare it for use.
10. The system of claim 8, further comprising:means for storing a secret for the code generator, the secret comprising a plurality of information used by a management system to compute an expected verification code that should be generated by the code generator; andmeans for associating the identifier with the code generator's secret.
11. The system of claim 8, wherein the identifier comprises any combination of being human readable, being machine readable, being overtly placed, and being covertly placed.
12. The system of claim 8, wherein the identifier is at least one of being unique to each manufactured item, and being unique to a plurality of manufactured items.
13. The system of claim 8, wherein means for associating the identifier with the code generator further includes means for associating additional identifiers with the code generator, wherein the additional identifiers are associated with constituent parts of the manufactured item.
14. The system of claim 8, wherein the code generator comprises at least one of: a hardware device, software installed in the manufactured item, and software installed in a device that is associated with the manufactured item.
15. The system of claim 8, wherein the means for using the identifier from the manufactured item and the verification code generated by the code generator comprises at least one of: through a website, through a phone conversation with a person, through an interactive voice-response system, and through an automated phone system.
16. A method of verifying the integrity of a group of manufactured items, each one of the manufactured items in the group being marked with a respective identifier, the method comprising:assigning a code generator to the group, the code generator having a stored secret for generating a verification code;associating each of the respective identifiers with the code generator;supplying the code generator with the group of manufactured items,using at least one of the respective identifiers and the verification code generated by the code generator to verify membership in the group of manufactured items.
17. The method of claim 16, wherein assigning the code generator to the group further comprises initializing the code generator to prepare it for use.
18. The method of claim 16, further comprising:storing the code generator's secret, comprising a plurality of information used by a management system to compute an expected verification code that should be generated by the code generator; andassociating each constituent's identifier with the code generator's secret.
19. The method of claim 16, wherein each of the respective identifiers comprises any combination of being human readable, being machine readable, being overtly placed, and being covertly placed.
20. The method of claim 16, further comprising using a plurality of the respective identifiers and the verification code generated by the code generator to obtain the set of item identifiers belonging to the manufactured items in the group.
21. The method of claim 16, further comprising using the code generator's identifier and the verification code generated by the code generator to obtain the set of item identifiers belonging to the manufactured items in the group, wherein the assigned code generator is marked with an identifier.
22. An Anti-counterfeiting system comprising:a manufactured item, the manufactured item being marked with an identifier;a code generator supplied with the manufactured item for generating a verification code; anda management system for associating the code generator with the manufactured item's identifier, and for verifying authenticity of the manufactured item by:receiving the identifier and the verification code generated by the code generator,computing an expected verification code and comparing the verification code generated by the code generator with the expected verification code, andvalidating the manufactured item if the verification code generated by the code generator matches the expected verification code.
Description:
BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION
[0001]Counterfeit goods pose a significant problem for manufacturers and consumers of high-ticket items like luxury watches, designer goods and apparel. The quality of high-grade counterfeits has risen to the level where they are hard to tell apart from the genuine items. In many cases, the counterfeits include correct markings such as legitimate serial numbers and all the peripheral materials like certificates of authenticity, warranty cards, tags, seals, manuals, boxes and packaging. Unfortunately, most of these can be forged. Serial numbers alone are insufficient protection because a counterfeiter can mass produce copies of an item, all having the same valid serial number.
[0002]FIG. 1 is a diagram of a table reproduced from "The Cult of the Luxury Brand, 2006, Radha Chadha and Paul Husband, Nicholas Brealey International, ISBN-13 978-1-904838-05-0" showing the price difference between a sample of Grade A fakes, which the authors describe as "spitting images of the real thing", and the real items. When a fake is sold and bought as a fake, both seller and buyer are at least knowledgeable of the fact. But so long as high quality fakes can be made cheaply, there will be the incentive by some people to pass them off as real.
[0003]Chadha and Husband state that the World Customs Organization's estimate for the annual sale of counterfeit luxury goods is US$27 billion, which is a quarter of the legitimate luxury industry.
[0004]Current Anti-Counterfeiting Technologies
[0005]Current technology solutions to thwart counterfeiting may be classified as overt or covert. Overt markers such as holograms, color-shifting films, optically variable inks and devices, fluorescent inks, intaglio printing, and watermarks are meant to be hard to forge, and these markers are intended for the consumer. For these solutions to be successful, the consumer needs to be educated for what a genuine marker looks like.
[0006]Covert markers include reactive, infrared, and ultraviolet inks. These markers are intended more for manufacturers, investigators, customs officials and law enforcement. They may require specialized readers, and they are also meant to be hard to forge. They are often hidden to avoid discovery by counterfeiters.
[0007]There are machine-readable markers as well, and these may be overt or covert. They include radio frequency ID, magnetic-based systems, and laser marking. These too require specialized readers. Distribution of these readers may need to be controlled as the security of the system may be compromised if a reader made its way into the wrong hands.
[0008]These solutions will fail if a counterfeiter is able to buy and use the anti-counterfeiting technology from the marketplace. Overt solutions fail too if the counterfeiter is able to produce forged markers that look good enough, and consumers are unable to tell that they are not genuine.
[0009]Verifiability by Consumers is Desirable
[0010]A fake that is sold as the real thing hurts the manufacturer and defrauds the consumer. Because of the large difference in price and the potential for profit, some counterfeiters and unscrupulous sellers have the incentive to do this. Many consumers at the same are motivated to buy genuine items at good prices, and good discounts will always be tempting. More transactions are also made remotely and over the internet. Unfortunately, there is not an easy way to authenticate items especially from afar.
BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION
[0011]The present invention provides a method and system for protecting a manufactured item from counterfeiting, where the manufactured item is marked with an identifier, such as a serial number. The identifier.
[0012]According to the method and system disclosed here, manufactured items are protected from counterfeiting by linking each item to a code generator device that is low-cost, easy to manage, yet hard to forge. Verifiability of the link can be done easily without the need for any specialized scanners or hardware. Remote verification can also be easily achieved.
BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF SEVERAL VIEWS OF THE DRAWINGS
[0013]FIG. 1 is a table showing the difference in prices between Grade A counterfeits and the genuine items.
[0014]FIG. 2A shows a protected watch and its code generator.
[0015]FIG. 2B shows two usage scenarios.
[0016]FIG. 2C shows a usage scenario with remote verification.
[0017]FIG. 2D shows an example of the verification user interface on a web page.
[0018]FIG. 3 shows a bag's interior as an example of where item identifiers can be placed.
[0019]FIGS. 4A, 4B, 4C and 4D show the form factors of some existing hardware tokens.
[0020]FIG. 5 is a diagram showing code generator secrets and the indirection through a code generator ID.
[0021]FIGS. 6A-6C show example database schemas for tables in different embodiments that link serial numbers to code generator secrets.
[0022]FIG. 7 is a flowchart for the verification process.
[0023]FIG. 8 is a flowchart for the close-to-real-time verification process.
[0024]FIG. 9 shows how a code generator may be used to verify the integrity of a group of items.
DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTION
[0025]The present invention relates to protecting manufactured items from counterfeiting.26]The present invention is mainly described in terms of particular systems provided in particular implementations. However, one of ordinary skill in the art will readily recognize that this method and system will operate effectively in other implementations. For example, the systems, devices, and networks.
[0027]Introduction
[0028]Hardware tokens like the SECURID® token from RSA SECURITY®, the IDENTITYGUARD® Mini Token from ENTRUST®, and the DISPLAYCARD® from INCARD TECHNOLOGIES® provide means for generating and displaying a series of seemingly random characters either at regular intervals or on demand.
[0029]These devices are used to strengthen user authentication in network security and financial transaction applications. The codes that they generate are used to augment user-chosen or assigned passwords. (We will use the term password to refer to both alphanumeric passphrases and numeric Personal Identification Number (PIN) codes). These passwords, while they are supposed to be secret, may not remain so as they are static and may be compromised in a variety of ways that include brute force dictionary attacks, deception, spying, and computer or database breaches.
[0030]With these devices and depending on the system, a user creates a One Time Password (OTP) by either combining their password with the authentication code displayed by their hardware token, or by keying in their password to obtain an authentication code. The One Time Password is then submitted to authenticate and authorize the user.
[0031]A management system used in conjunction with the hardware token is also in possession of the secrets stored in the device and it is able to compute the expected authentication code. As part of processing an authentication request, the authentication sever can perform a match to see that the submitted authentication code matches the expected code. If there is a mismatch, the entire authentication step fails and the user is denied.
[0032]There are currently two main approaches used by the token providers to generate the authentication codes. Time-based tokens run with internal clocks that are synchronized with the clocks on their management systems. Typically, a new authentication code is generated once every minute with tokens of this type. Time drift between the clocks on the token and its management system pose a problem, but the management systems are typically capable of detecting and correcting for this drift without affecting the user.
[0033]Event-based tokens use a different approach, and tokens of this type do not need an internal clock. Authentication codes are instead generated on demand. Such tokens may be programmed to require the entry of a PIN into the token to initiate the generation of a new code. A system may also be configured to take a PIN from the server to initiate the generation of the new code.
[0034]The authentication codes that are displayed by these hardware tokens are generated by hash, encryption, or custom data transformation functions that are invoked to create a new sequence of characters. These functions tend to have the common trait of producing function outputs where the inputs cannot be deduced.
[0035]Hash functions additionally have the property of mapping encoded information of arbitrary length to fixed-length sequences such that the function outputs are well distributed throughout the output space so that collisions, where two different sequences of characters map to the same output, are minimized.
[0036]Common hash functions include MD5, the Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA) series of functions, and the Hashed Message Authentication Code One Time Password (HOTP) function.
[0037]Data encryption functions are also used in these tokens and they include the Data Encryption Standard (DES) and 3DES functions.
[0038]To generate the next sequence of characters, the code generation functions may take as inputs a seed, which may be different for every token, and some combination of the previous result, a sequence number, and in the case of time-based tokens, the elapsed and absolute time. The code generation function and the inputs used are kept secret.
[0039]There is no end to the authentication codes that can be generated, and the codes are impractical to predict without knowing the secrets. In the case of SECURID®, it has been shown that the best known method is able to discover the seed within 2 40 (>1 trillion) result observations, and this is for a known hash function. In 15 years, there have been no reported breaches.
[0040]The hardware tokens are also tamper-resistant, and token lifetime is limited by device power. As of 2007, a sample of different hardware tokens has operating lifetimes that range from 3 to 8 years. Some event-based tokens also include non-volatile memory and they may allow the user to replace the batteries. The tokens are increasingly commoditized, and as of 2007, they can be bought for as low as $5 each.
[0041]The present invention provides a method and system for protecting a manufactured item from counterfeiting and the subsequent use of the counterfeit for fraud by linking the manufactured item to a code generator device that is low-cost, easy to manage, yet hard to forge. Verifiability of the link can be done easily without the need for any specialized scanners or hardware. Remote verification can also be easily achieved.
[0042]To protect a manufactured item, a manufacturer or a third-party service assigns an identifier, such as a serial number, to the item and marks the manufactured item with the identifier. The manufacturer or a third-party service associates the identifier with a code generator that has stored secrets for generating verification codes. The manufactured item is then supplied (e.g., sold) along with the corresponding code generator. Thereafter, the identifier from the manufactured item and the verification code generated by the code generator are used to verify authenticity of the manufactured item.
[0043]As used herein, the term manufactured item includes any type of article or device that is made or manufactured. The term can also apply to containers that may be used for shipping the manufactured items, for example. In this embodiment, the outside of the container could be marked with an identifier, and the container is then supplied (e.g., shipped) with a corresponding code generator.
[0044]FIGS. 2A, 2B, 2C, and 2D are diagrams illustrating exemplary embodiments of this anti-counterfeiting system for manufactured items using code generators.
[0045]FIG. 2A shows an example manufactured item in the form of a watch 150, and shows the back of the watch 152 where the identifier, e.g., a serial number, can be engraved. A code generator 154 is associated with the watch/identifier, and is initialized with stored secrets for computing verification codes. In one embodiment, the code generator 154 is linked to the serial number 152 by storing the code generator's secrets and the serial number in a verification database (not shown).
[0046]FIGS. 2B and 2C provide an overview of how the method may be used in practice to verify protected items. Although examples of manufactured items are shown as watches and handbags along with time-based tokens for protection, any type of manufactured items and tokens may be combined.
[0047]In FIG. 2B, watch 202 and handbag 218 are individual items that are protected by their own code generators 204 and 220, respectively. The manufacturer sets up each code generator with unique secrets through a code generator management system 212 and links the secrets to the item's serial number through a database 214.
[0048]When a person 200 wishes to check the authenticity of the watch 202, such as a buyer or service, sales, or distribution personnel, the person 200 may use a web browser on a computer 206 to navigate through the internet 208 to a verification section on the manufacturer's or third-party website. The person 200 then enters the serial number from the watch 202 and the current verification code from the watch's code generator 204.
[0049]The web or application server 210 then performs a check with the code generator management system 212 to validate the provided serial number and verification code. The code generator management system 212 retrieves the secrets that are linked to the serial number from the database 214 as part of this verification. The secrets allow the code generator management system 212 to compute the expected verification code, and it can then perform a comparison to see if this computed verification code matches the provided verification code. Validation is successful if the codes match, and unsuccessful otherwise.
[0050]If validation is successful, a confirmation message can be returned to person 200, and additional information that may be helpful can be shown. This may include: [0051]1. Information about the model, style, color, date of manufacture, and warranty. [0052]2. Photographs with distinguishing marks if appropriate. [0053]3. Related accessories that are available. [0054]4. Service history. [0055]5. Reports of theft.If validation is unsuccessful, a failure message and additional material can be displayed.
[0056]Person 216, who wants to check on a handbag 218, illustrates a different verification scenario. Person 216 uses a phone 222 to place a call to the manufacturer where a representative 224 assists. Person 216 provides the serial number from the handbag 218 and the current verification code from the handbag's code generator 220 to the representative 224. Representative 224 then performs a check with the code generator management system 212 to validate the provided serial number and verification code.
[0057]If validation is successful, representative 224 can confirm that the verification succeeded. Otherwise, representative 224 can say that verification failed. While not shown, other possible channels for verification may be implemented. These may include an interactive voice-response system, an automated telephone dial-tone system, and data-interchange via specialized electronic devices.
[0058]FIG. 2C shows an example of remote verification. Here, a buyer 258 is interested in purchasing a watch 252 from a remote seller 250. Watch 252 is protected by its code generator 254. Buyer 258 can ask seller 250 for the serial number and current verification code, and this information can be exchanged through any communication medium 256 such as voice, e-mail, or text messaging. Once the information is received, buyer 258 can use the verification channels provided by the manufacturer to check on the item. In this example, a browser on a computer 260 is used to connect to the manufacturer's website 264 through the internet 262 to perform the check. To allow this scenario, manufacturers can choose to have a reasonable window of time within which a verification code is valid. Close-to-real-time verification is documented below.
[0059]FIG. 2D shows an example of a web page 270 with user interface elements for verification. Text block 272 can give an introduction and instructions for reading the serial number and the current verification code from the code generator. Input text boxes 274 and 276 are for the user to enter the serial number and the verification code respectively. Input button 278 submits the verification request.
[0060]Item Identifier
[0061]Each item is marked with at least one identifier. This may be a singular identifier, such as a serial number, that is substantially unique to each item, multiple identifiers that together identify the item, multiple identifiers that identify constituent items, or it might be one or more identifiers that are assigned to a batch of items.
[0062]The identifiers are best made permanent, and placed or attached to the item in as tamper-proof a way as practical, or made to self-destruct when removed. The identifier markings are not limited to visual means and other technology may be used, either in addition or exclusively. Additional overt, covert, human-readable, or machine-readable identifier markings may be used to provide multiple ways for confirmation. In an electronic item, the identifier may be stored in Read-Only Memory (ROM).
[0063]If it is undesirable to mark the item with an identifier, the identifier can be placed on a separate object such as a card, document, or tag that accompanies the item, but this is not preferred.
[0064]Referring again to FIGS. 2A and 3, typical locations are shown for item identifiers on manufactured items. FIG. 2A shows the caseback 152 of a watch 150 where a serial number can be engraved. FIG. 3 shows the interior 302 of a bag 300 where a plate with a serial number can be attached.
[0065]Code Generator Design
[0066]The code generator may be either a hardware device or embedded software with computer instructions for generating verification codes. If the code generator is a device, it is commonly referred to as a hardware token. FIGS. 4A and 4B show examples of form factors for hardware tokens. FIG. 4A shows a token as a key fob 400, and FIG. 4B shows a token as a card 410. They each have electronic displays 402 and 412, respectively that show current verification codes. If the code generator is software, a function can be provided for displaying the current verification code. These verification codes are typically a set of numeric or alphanumeric characters, and they are derived, in whole or in part, from the output of the code generation function.
[0067]Current code generators may be time-based, where an internal clock or timer triggers the generation of new verification codes at predictable intervals, or they may be event-based, where the verification codes are generated on demand.
[0068]If time-based code generators are chosen, the manufacturer may choose to allow a time window within which a verification code is valid. FIG. 4c shows a variant of a time-based code generator 420 with electronic display 424 where a sequence number or time code 422 is shown embedded in the verification code. Embedding the time code 422 may be helpful for performing close-to-real-time verification which is disclosed later in the document. The time code 422 in FIG. 4c is for illustration only. It does not need to precede the verification code and it does not have to be encoded as shown. The encoding can take any form and it can be intermingled with the verification code so long as it is extractable by the verification system.
[0069]FIG. 4D shows an example of an event-based token. Tokens of this type typically have one or more buttons to initiate retrieval of a new verification code. In this example, a token in the form of a card 430 has an electronic display 432 for showing the PIN code as it is entered as well as the new verification code. A numeric keypad 434 is used for PIN code entry.
[0070]If event-based code generators are chosen, it may be most secure to have a system where a person making a verification request is assigned a PIN code by the verification system at the start of the request, possibly after entering some preliminary information such as the item identifier. The person is then asked to enter this PIN into the code generator to obtain the current verification code.
[0071]Other variants of event-based code generator systems are possible. A PIN code could be pre-assigned and come with the code generator, and the user enters this PIN to obtain a new verification code. A system could also come without the need for PIN code entry, and new verification codes could be generated with the push of a button. If either of these event-based system variants is chosen, it might be helpful to embed an extractable sequence number in the verification code to tell the verification system where the token is at in its sequence of generated verification codes. This sequence number would be useful for computing the expected verification code, and the verification system can also use it to enforce a monotonically increasing sequence with successful verification, so as to disallow the replay of previously generated codes.
[0072]Initializing the Code Generator
[0073]Depending on the provider of the code generator and the code generator's management system, there may be steps needed to prepare the code generator for use. This may include specifying information that includes a combination of the following: [0074]1. A function for generating the verification codes. [0075]2. A seed for the code generation function. This may be a number or a string of characters. [0076]3. The start time. This would be synchronized with the clock on the code generator's management system. [0077]4. The absolute time. [0078]5. The code generator's identifier.
[0079]When the code generator is ready for use, the information that is needed by the code generator's management system to compute the expected verification code that is displayed by the code generator is called the secrets. These secrets will be used during verification, and it may include some combination of the information used to initialize the code generator, and possibly additional information such as the code generator's identifier or serial number.
[0080]FIG. 5 shows a code generator identifier 500 which may be used on some systems to hide the specifics of the code generator's secrets 504 through indirection 502.
[0081]Associating the Item Identifier with the Code Generator's Secrets
[0082]FIGS. 6A and 6B show examples of database schemas with database tables that can be used to link a singular item identifier with the code generator's secrets. For one embodiment, FIG. 6A shows a schema of a database table 600 with SerialNumber 602 as the primary key and a column CodeGeneratorID 604 as the secret. For a different embodiment, FIG. 6B shows the schema of a database table 610 with SerialNumber 612 as the primary key and where two columns, Seed 614 and StartTime 616, are the secrets. With database tables such as these shown, a lookup can be done by serial number to retrieve the secrets needed to compute the expected verification code.
[0083]FIG. 6C shows an example of database tables that can be used to link multiple item identifiers with the secrets, as may be needed when the code generator is used to link to constituent parts of the item. Here, database tables Id1Table 620 and Id2Table 630 relate item identifiers of type ItemId1 622 and ItemId2 632 to a foreign key CodeGeneratorId 624. Database table CodeGeneratorTable 640 then provides a lookup from the primary key CodeGeneratorId 642 to the secrets Seed 644 and StartTime 646. A lookup can thus be done by ItemId1 or ItemId2 to obtain the CodeGeneratorId which in turn can be used to lookup the secrets needed to compute the expected verification code.
[0084]Providing the Code Generator with the Item
[0085]In one embodiment, a manufactured item is protected by making the code generator an integral part of the manufactured item. If the code generator is a device, then separation of the item and the code generator can be discouraged by attaching or embedding it. In this embodiment, the item can be manufactured to include the code generator.
[0086]In an alternative embodiment, accompaniment of the code generator can be encouraged by policy. A manufacturer may choose to have the code generator marked and treated as a warranty card, and it can be required for warranty or service of the protected item.
[0087]In another embodiment, it may be routine as part of the transaction for the buyer or the seller to perform a verification prior to exchanging possession of the item.
[0088]By doing this, an item that is known to be protected by a code generator and that comes without one would be greatly devalued, and it would raise caution if it was put up for sale, or brought in for service.
[0089]An unscrupulous seller could conceivably keep the genuine item and replace a protected item with a fake that had the same item identifier, but the penalty would be that the genuine item is devalued, and rendered unserviceable. Any damage is also minimized by the limited number of items that each code generator protects.
[0090]Naming the Code Generator
[0091]Placing the item identifier on the code generator as well will increase the code generator's one-stop utility as a point of contact with the manufacturer. The code generator may be used to replace the warranty card or certificate of authenticity, and the manufacturer can name it however they deem appropriate. Other possible names include an authenticator, and a validation or verification card.
[0092]Reading the Item Identifier and the Verification Code
[0093]Instructions can be provided for locating and reading the item's identifier and the code generator's current verification code. If the protected item is an electronic device, functions can be provided for accessing the stored identifier and the current verification code.
[0094]Verification
[0095]In use, anyone such as a dealer or a buyer who wishes to verify an item can use any of the channels for verification provided by the manufacturer. These may include a verification section on the manufacturer's website, or a customer service phone number with live or automated verification. The item's identifier and the current verification code would be needed to process a verification request. If the code generator is of the kind that requires the entry of a PIN code from the verification system prior to retrieving the current verification code, then this step is taken as well in preparation for verification.
[0096]FIG. 7 shows the steps for processing a verification request in one embodiment. The verification request is made with an item identifier and the current verification code from the code generator, step 700. Checks are made to see that the item identifier is valid, step 702. This may consist of preliminary format, length and range checks, and it may reject item identifiers with invalid characters. If it is invalid, the verification request fails, step 716. Otherwise, a lookup is done to retrieve the secrets for the item identifier, step 704. A check is made to see that the secrets exist, step 706. If there are no secrets for the item identifier, the verification request fails, step 716. The possibility that the verification is revocable due to a breach is allowed, and a check is made to see that the secrets are valid, step 708. If they are invalid, the verification request fails, step 716. Otherwise, the secrets are used to compute the expected verification code, step 710. (The computation of the verification code depends on the code generator's management system and is not shown). A check is made to see if the computed verification code matches the submitted verification code, step 712. If it does not match, the verification request fails, step 716. Otherwise, the verification is successful, step 714.
[0097]With rejection, the requester can be asked to try again, subject to any verification limits.
[0098]On acceptance, the manufacturer may wish to present specifications for the item to further confirm or reinforce the verification. This may include information about the model, style, color, date of manufacture, and warranty. If the requester has identified himself/herself as a buyer, successful verification is a valuable point of contact with a high-value, brand-loyal customer where information about accessories, related items, and other sale or promotional material can be shown. In this light, and if the code generator is a warranty card, these customers can be cross-marketed, and it need not be just a warranty card but a ticket to some high-value affinity program.
[0099]As part of the verification process, the manufacturer can also choose to include special handling for item identifiers of known fakes and items that have been documented and reported as stolen.
[0100]Close-to-Real-Time Verification
[0101]For verification with time-based tokens, the manufacturer may wish to relax the strict requirement of matching the current verification code. Some leeway can be given, and some time period can be allowed within which a verification code can be accepted as valid. For example, this leeway can be half an hour. This would allow buyers to check on items that are purchased remotely and where there may be delays in exchanging information.
[0102]FIG. 8 shows the steps for processing a close-to-real-time verification request. With such requests, there is a window of validity that proceeds the time of the verification request, and the following time variables are initialized: [0103]1. dtRequest--date and time of the verification request. [0104]2. DurWindow--the duration or the span of time for which a verification code is valid. In the example above, the duration is 30 minutes. [0105]3. dtStart--the date and time of the start of the validity window, where dtStart=dtRequest-DurWindowFor a verification code to be valid, it must have been valid between dtStart and dtRequest.
[0106]The verification request is made with an item identifier and a verification code from the code generator, step 800. The time variables for the request are computed, step 802. Checks are made to see that the item identifier is valid, step 804. This may consist of preliminary format, length and range checks, and it may reject item identifiers with invalid characters. If it is invalid, the verification request fails, step 826. Otherwise, a lookup is done to retrieve the secrets for the item identifier, step 806. A check is made to see that the secrets exist, step 808. If there are no secrets for the item identifier, the verification request fails, step 826. We allow the possibility that the verification is revocable due to a breach, and a check is made to see that the secrets are valid, step 810. If they are invalid, the verification request fails, step 826. Otherwise, the secrets are used to compute the set of verification codes that were valid within the window of validity, step 812. (The computation of the set of verification codes depends on the code generator's management system, and is not shown). Steps 814 to 822 step through each of the valid verification codes in the computed set. Each computed verification code is compared with the submitted code, step 820. If there is a match, the verification is accepted, step 824. Otherwise, the next computed code is retrieved, steps 822, 816, and 818. Step 816 checks to see if all the computed codes have already been compared, and if so, the verification is rejected, step 826.
[0107]With rejection, the requester can be asked to try again, subject to any verification limits.
[0108]To increase security with a large validity window, a consecutive number of verification codes can be required before verification is granted.
[0109]If the embodiment uses a verification code that has an embedded time stamp as mentioned in the description of Code Generator Design and as shown on FIG. 4c, the steps taken to compute the set of valid verification codes within the validity window would be unnecessary. What would be needed then would be to extract the time stamp, see that it is within the validity window, and compute the expected verification code for the particular time to make a comparison.
[0110]Protection of a Batch of Items
[0111]The identifier for the item does not need to be unique to each item. For example, a manufacturing lot number may be used as the item identifier to protect a batch of items. In this case, common secrets for the entire batch would be used in each of the code generators for the batch.
[0112]Protection of Constituent Items
[0113]Some products may have additional constituent parts that warrant a record or protection as well. For example, a high-end wristwatch may have individual serial numbers for the watch case and for the internal movement. The manufacturer can link a single code generator to the item identifiers of the constituent parts to provide a verifiable record of the original configuration, and authorized parties may then be able to verify the integrity of the entire item.
[0114]Security--Verification Limits
[0115]The manufacturer may limit the number of verifications for an item identifier to some number per time period. For example, there could be a limit of 10 verifications per day with overrides given for good reasons. This would stop attempts to guess at verification codes or to breach the secrets in the code generator. Temporary verification blocks may also be imposed after some number of failed verification attempts.
[0116]Security--Access Control
[0117]If there are multiple item identifiers linked to a code generator, as is the case with constituent parts, the manufacturer can set up access control for verification. For example, general users may be allowed to verify only a subset of the item identifiers, and service personnel may be allowed to check on more.
[0118]Security--Breached Code Generator and Revocation
[0119]Should it be discovered that the security of a code generator has been breached, and that counterfeits have been made of the breached item and its code generator, the link between the identifier and the code generator can be invalidated. This will stop further verifications for the breached combination of the item identifier and code generator, and it will limit the damage. The counterfeiter will then be left with marked merchandise and code generators that are unusable.
[0120]Code Generator Lifetimes
[0121]Some items like apparel may not need long-lived code generators since these items tend not to be resold, and it may be sufficient to have verification of authenticity happen at around the time of purchase. The manufacturer may find it sufficient to provide code generators that survive some number of verifications or long enough for the items to be sold and verified. This may reduce the expense of providing long-lived generators.
[0122]Brand-Wide Coverage
[0123]A manufacturer may find it advantageous to cover all products under a brand with code generators, rather than protecting individual products or lines, since once the market is aware that the entire brand is protected, any item that is sold under the brand that comes without a code generator would automatically raise caution.
[0124]Reissuing Code Generators
[0125]The manufacturer can decide on its policy for reissuing lost, damaged, or expired code generators.
[0126]Protection of a Group of Items
[0127]A code generator may be used with a group of items as well to allow verification of integrity. This may be useful for checking on an assembly of parts, or parts in a shipment. The items in the group are each marked with an identifier, and these item identifiers can be linked to a code generator's secrets as disclosed, thereby allowing someone like a recipient, forwarder or distribution person to verify there has been no tampering or substitutions. If the item identifiers are not unique to each item, then the service that is performing the verification can additionally report on the quantity of the items with the duplicate identifiers.
[0128]FIG. 9 shows an example. A group of items 900 has manufactured items 920, 924, and 928. These items are each marked with identifiers 922, 926, and 930, respectively. These items have a code generator 950 assigned to the group. Links from each of the identifiers 922, 926, and 930 can be made to the code generator's secrets in a database with a database table such as LinkTable 940 that relates ItemIdentifiers 942 to CodeGeneratorIds 944. With this in place, verification of membership in the group of items 900 can be done with any of the identifiers 922, 926, and 930, and the current verification code 952 from the code generator 950.
[0129]If desired, the verification system can be set up to provide the entire set of identifiers in the group with one or more successful verifications. To achieve this, the code generator's secrets need to be unique. In the example, CodeGeneratorId 944 needs to be a foreign key into another table (not shown). With such a setup, a lookup can be done within LinkTable 940 for all ItemIdentifiers 942 matching a given CodeGeneratorId 944. The set of identifiers in the group can thus be obtained.
[0130]As an alternative to verification with an identifier (one of 922, 926, and 930) and the current verification code 952, verification can also be done with the code generator's ID 954, if the code generator is so marked, and the current verification code 952. Possession of the code generator can then be verified by matching the current verification code 952 with the expected verification code calculated with the code generator's ID 954. The set of identifiers in the group can then be obtained with the same database query as above.
[0131]Roles
[0132]The disclosure has stated or implied that the manufacturer is the entity that associates an item identifier with the item, associates the item identifier with the code generator's secrets, and is the provider of the verification service. This should not be taken as a limitation. Where feasible, these different tasks and roles, in whole or in part, can be provided or undertaken by any entity. This may include representatives and agents of the manufacturer, as well as independent entities such as appraisers, auctioneers, insurers, certification authorities, and testing facilities, or a third party authentication and verification service. For example, a manufacturer may send to a third party a set of identifiers and the third party associates the identifiers with code generators, and then sends the associated code generators back to the manufacturer.
[0133]A method and system for protecting manufactured items has been disclosed. Counterfeiters and sellers of fakes are thwarted with code generators because even if they can make perfect copies of items with legitimate serial numbers and all their accompanying materials like certificates of authenticity, warranty cards and packaging, they would not be able to produce code generators with the correct secrets.
[0134]Unlike current overt anti-counterfeiting markers, stolen or purchased code generators are of no use because they require additional links from item identifiers to the code generator secrets that manufacturers create and guard.
[0135]In the case of theft or the unlikely breach of a code generator's secrets, manufacturers still have the ability to revoke verification easily by invalidating the link in the verification database, and the damage will be limited. For the consumer, verification is easy and it does not require any specialized scanners or hardware. A protected item that is sold without a code generator, or a seller who cannot provide valid verification codes will raise a red flag and the item can be rejected immediately. With the code generator, a buyer can run a check by visiting the manufacturer's website, or by making a call to the company. If the buyer and seller are physically far apart, remote verification is also easy since only the identifier and verification codes need to be exchanged.
[0136]The manufacturer gains protection from brand piracy and benefits with increased sales. Buyers gain assurance that the item they are purchasing is real, and they become less susceptible to fraud. Any manufactured item that can be marked with an identifier can be protected with this method.
[0137]The present invention has been described in accordance with the embodiments shown, and one of ordinary skill in the art will readily recognize that there could be variations to the embodiments,.
Patent applications by Cheng Tan, Cupertino, CA US
Patent applications by MOXIE PROXY
Patent applications in class BUSINESS PROCESSING USING CRYPTOGRAPHY
Patent applications in all subclasses BUSINESS PROCESSING USING CRYPTOGRAPHY
User Contributions:
Comment about this patent or add new information about this topic:Sorry, log-in from here isn't available now but don't worry, you can check your points balance through as usual.
Want to submit redemptions? Please email us at contact@onyx-rewards.com
Please click here to go back to first page.
The page you were looking for is no longer available, or has been moved.
If you’re looking for an Amari hotel, please try the following links:* Gabor Kovesdan <gabor at FreeBSD.org> wrote: > I don't think it's a good idea. This knob is completely superfluous and > thus should be avoided. One can just add -std to CFLAGS from a port > Makefile. Forced build are also possible without this stuff, you can set > this in /etc/make.conf. So how can we be sure all C compilers implement this switch? In bsd.port.mk I see some traces of ICC support. Using this approach it would also be possible to remap certain C standards to different compilers. Really, I really don't care how it's done, whether it's a flag or added to the compiler flags directly. I'm just saying adding it to CFLAGS directly sounds like a very bad idea. Adding it to /etc/make.conf sounds even worse, because it probably only confuses (autoconf) scripts that try to figure out a way to make the compiler speak C99. -- Ed Schouten <ed at 80386.nl> WWW: -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: not available Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 195 bytes Desc: not available Url :2006 Kia Optima Q&A
2006 Kia Optima Question: Electronic Throttle Issues
Just today I got in my 2006.5 Optima and it took me 3 times to try and start it, and the check engine light came on when it finally did. I pressed on the gas as i pulled out of the parking slot and it would hardly go. It was not running bad, rough, or making any odd noises. I put it in drive and it would only go exactly 10mph even with the petal to the floor. I was close to home so i drove it back to my place. Got home, shut it off, then back on again...it started right up and ran like nothing was wrong, but the check engine light was still on. I got the code read off of the computer and it gave code #s 2110 AND 21109. One was for a "System Forced RPM" and the other, "Throttle Body Range Performance" So from what I got out of this was that I need a new throttle sensor??? Ive got 70,000 miles on it. Is this a warranty item? - Stang6
Answer 1
Your car has an Electronic Throttle Body assembly which is basically a drive by wire system. It could be the Throttle Pedal Sensor or the Electronic Throttle Body itself. Can you get the P codes so we can be a bit more specific, such as a P0301 type of format, this will gives us a better handle on which Position Sensor in the System is defective ( there are 4 ). As far the warranty goes, most vehicles have a 3 yr/50,000 mile warranty on their Emissions Systems. There are a very few exceptions to this though, but you need to call the dealer and ask them to check your VIN ( Vehicle Identification Number ) on the factory service database to see your if car is entitled to a special warranty exception. Good Luck! - dandd
1. stevieray1
4. globalhelper
9. michaelleechOral history interview with Janet Rosenwald, 1964 October 17
Rosenwald, Janet
Arts administrator
Active in Santa Fe, N.M.
Size: Transcript: 15 pages.
Format: Originally recorded on 1 sound tape reel. Reformated in 2010 as 1 digital wav file. Duration is 51 min.
Collection Summary: An interview of Janet Rosenwald conducted 1964 October 17, by Sylvia Loomis, for the Archives of American Art.
Biographical/Historical Note: Janet Rosenwald is an administrator with the Index of American Design.See a photo gallery from the game here.
GARFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio — Garfield Heights may not have shocked the world on Friday, but it sure shook it up a bunch.
In a game in which the teams took turns grabbing Mr. Momentum by the throat, the host Bulldogs outlasted Mentor, 74-68, in front of a standing-room-only crowd, and threw the Northeast Ohio Conference Valley Division race into a tie with one game remaining.
With marquee players Tony Farmer and Mike Davis leading the way, the Bulldogs gave notice they will be a team to be reckoned with when the postseason begins in two weeks.
While the visiting Cardinals lost for the first time in Ohio this season and for the first time in 49 days, they, too, will be there for tournament play. Marquee player Justin Fritts and a strong supporting cast will make sure of that.
The victory kept alive Garfield's hopes for a share of the conference title and should do wonders for its confidence. Beating the team ranked third in the state and first in The PD Top 25 will do that for you.
"We needed to win a game like that," said Garfield coach Sonny Johnson, whose team lost a heartbreaker at the buzzer to St. Edward two weeks ago. "[Mentor is], by far, the best team we've played all year."
The game swung back and forth throughout. Garfield Heights (15-4, 8-1) won the first quarter, 23-14, as Farmer scored eight of his game-high 26 and Davis had eight of his 21 points.
Mentor (17-2, 8-1) overcame early shooting woes and won the second quarter, 24-15, when Fritts had 12 of his team-high 21 points and the Cardinals went on an 11-2 run over the final 3:50 of the period.
It added up to a 38-38 tie at the half.
The Cardinals continued their blitz in the third quarter, using a 16-6 run to take a 10-point lead. Mitch Trubisky, better known for his quarterbacking exploits that have led to a scholarship offer from Ohio State, sparked the run by scoring eight of his 13 as Mentor's press produced turnovers and steals.
At one point in the first half, Garfield had a 14-point lead.
"We knew it was going to be a game of runs," said Johnson. "We told the kids that before the game. There were going to be ups and downs, so I think they realized that and it helped them keep their composure."
Farmer, perhaps playing his best game of the season, trimmed the deficit to 54-50 by the end of the quarter with consecutive baskets and two free throws.
"Farmer hurt us a lot," said Mentor coach Bob Krizancic.
Farmer, a 6-7 junior being courted by Michigan State, among others, gave his team the lead for good at 57-56 with a stunning rebound and coast-to-coast drive with 5:04 to go. Over the next three minutes, Davis had six points, and Farmer scored four, including one slam dunk that drove the Garfield fans bonkers.
The big basket, however, came from senior Kenny Simpson. The 5-10 guard, who finished with 18 points, dropped in a 3-pointer from the corner that gave the Bulldogs a 70-63 lead with 1:50 to go.
Garfield made 13 of 21 shots from the floor in the second half, repeatedly getting layups and open looks.
"We gave them too many easy baskets," said Krizancic.
Mentor did not have its usual shooting night. The Cardinals made 22 of 51 field-goal attempts but were just 8-of-28 on 3-pointers. A 16-of-17 night at the free-throw line helped keep them in the game.
Garfield Heights, ranked third in The Plain Dealer, made 23 of 52 shots from the floor and went 13-of-18 at the line.
"We need to shoot better at the line," said Farmer. "If we make more free throws, we win easier. We have to finish stronger."
The Bulldogs, Division I regional champions last year, finished strong enough Friday. A strong finish to the season is what they're aiming for.
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter:trogers@plaind.com, 216-999-5169
On Twitter: @TimRogersPD“Either you repeat the same conventional doctrines everybody is saying, or else you say something true, and it will sound like it’s from Neptune.” –Noam Chomsky
Except back before it was discovered, the very idea of Neptune… well… sounded like it was from Neptune!
The planets out to Saturn are visible with the naked eye, and have been known since at least the time of the ancient Greeks. While the telescope was first invented in the early 1600s, it wasn’t until 1781, nearly 200 years later, that the next planet — Uranus (above) — was discovered.
But unlike the other known planets, Uranus was doing something very weird. Specifically, it wasn’t obeying Kepler’s Laws of planetary motion!
More specifically, it wasn’t obeying the second law: the one that states planets sweep out equal areas in equal times as they move in ellipses around the Sun.
Sure, the other planets all do, but Uranus? For the first two decades, it moved too swiftly, later it slowed to move at the predicted speed, and finally, in the 1830s and 1840s, it started moving even more slowly than Kepler’s Laws predicted.
What gives?!
Well, some people believed that Newton’s Law of universal gravitation — the law from which all of Kepler’s Laws can be derived — might be wrong for Uranus. After all, it had never been tested out at distances past Saturn; perhaps things were just different over there.
Or…
Perhaps there was another planet, out beyond Uranus, that was causing these changes in speed. Perhaps the gravitational force of this additional, as-of-yet undiscovered planet was pulling on Uranus: pulling it faster when it was ahead, pulling it slower when Uranus passed it in its orbit.
When Urbain Le Verrier published his predictions of where such a planet would need to be on August 31, 1846, the world took note. On September 23, his letter arrived at Berlin Observatory, and that very night, Johann Galle and his assistant, d’Arrest, pointed their telescope towards the exact location Le Verrier predicted.
(A rich account of the story can be found here.)
And — less than 1 degree off from his prediction — the new planet was discovered. With an orbital period of nearly 165 years, Neptune takes twice as long to orbit the Sun as the next longest planet, Uranus. Think about that. Nearly 165 years for one revolution, and it was discovered on September 23rd, 1846.
Do the math?
Last night, at 22:47 Universal Time, Neptune completed its first complete orbit around the Sun since humanity first discovered and identified the eighth and final planet in our Solar System.
Its 18 billion mile journey — sweeping out an area 900 times greater than Earth’s orbit — was completed, as far as humanity is concerned, yesterday.
Neptune, despite being a “small” gas giant, holds one distinguished record for our Solar System that is unlikely to be broken: wind speed.
With a raging storm on its surface — the size of the entire planet Earth — known as the “Great Dark Spot” (as compared with Jupiter’s Great Red Spot), Neptune’s atmosphere sees wind speeds up to 2,400 km/hr (1,500 mph).
The spot seems to have no problem migrating, as it disappeared in 1994, only to re-emerge in the Northern Hemisphere under a new name: the Northern Great Dark Spot. We think this spot is generated from completely internal processes on Neptune; Neptune’s surface receives 160% more energy from its own core than it does from the Sun!
So here’s Neptune’s birthday pictures — released yesterday — courtesy of (who else?) the Hubble Space Telescope. After 18 billion miles (or 28 billion km), this marks the last planetary “first birthday” we’ll (likely) ever have in our Solar System, and for those of you Pluto-philes who cannot wait for Pluto to complete its first orbit, keep waiting. You’ve got until 2178 until that happens.Community Health Systems, Inc. (NYSE: CYH) today announced that management will participate in the Citi 2011 Global Healthcare Conference to be held March 1-3, 2011, at the Hilton New York in New York City.
The investor presentation will begin at 2:00 p.m. Eastern time, 1:00 p.m. Central time, on Tuesday, March 1,.Draft and Trade Talk Message Board
better deal for braun?
Wright, Jeter and Liriano or Tex, Vlad and Marmol
for
Braun and Cantu.
I have Derek Lee and Glaus at 1b..
i got comments saying i am asking too much for braun so i decided to change it up a bit:
Wright, Jeter and gavin floyd or tex, granderson and Marmol
for
Braun and cantu
OR
keep the orginal trade and add willingham to braun side...Sort: Newest | Oldest | Most Replied Expand all replies
i offered him with floyd who has 2 wins and over 5 era. I will wait and see what he says...thanks for the input...helped a lot..
I would go with the Wright and jeter side
- 1 Reply to B
which jeter side? liriano or floyd and with willingham or without willingham?
oh well in that case do it but idk if any1 would accept that.
- 1 Reply to JMo
none of the deals will get accepted?
If you're trading away Cantu, and you don't get Wright, who do you have at 3B then?
- 1 Reply to Smiff
i have prado who can play 3b and k. johnson to play 2b.
I'm a little confused. Do you have Braun or are you trying to get him.
- 1 Reply to asimov
i have braun trying to trade him away...
- Sachin “Truth” Arora Sachin “Truth” Arora Jun 21, 2010 12:26 PM Flag
youre still asking for a lot ..if you can get Wright Jeter and Floyd ..that should be great.
Tex, Vlad, Marmol
FOR Braun, Cantu, Willingham
I really don't like any of those. Your giving too much at key positions. 3rd base and ss are incredibly thin positions don't give up elite players there for outfield. U can find good production for outfield on the wire. Look for a brandon boesch or delmon young.
- 1 Reply to JMo
i am trading away braun...trying to solidify my »Paredes may move from second base to outfield
Paredes may move from second base to outfield
Paredes, acquired from the Yankees two years ago in the Lance Berkman deal, is one of the top offensive players at Triple-A Oklahoma City, entering Monday hitting .315 with seven homers, 38 RBIs and 28 stolen bases.
Paredes played third base last year after Chris Johnson was sent to the Minor Leagues but was switched to second base -- his former position -- in the spring. The emergence of All-Star second baseman Jose Altuve has the Astros thinking of ways to better utilize the athletic Paredes, who Mills believes could play a corner-outfield spot.
"It's something we're continuing to explore, and I think there's that conversation and a conversation whether he can handle shortstop," Luhnow said. "I had a long conversation with Fred and the guys down there after [Jed Lowrie's] injury to try to figure out if that's something we want to do.
"I think Jimmy is athletic enough to play any position. Given we made the move back to second at the beginning of the year, we didn't know how Jose was going to develop and now we're looking at a 22-year-old All-Star second baseman who's going to be with us for a while."
Watch for Paredes to get some time in the outfield the second half of the season.
Now Commenting On:.
Conservative media outlets are reprimanding three prominent Republicans who recently acknowledged what scientists have been saying for years -- that human activities are contributing to global climate change.
Following the Department of Education's announcement of the Green Ribbon Schools program, which recognizes schools for "engaging students on environmental issues" and "addressing environmental issues," the right-wing media jumped on the campaign as an excuse to attack environmental literacy, the Department of Education, former Vice President Al Gore, and President Obama....Electronic health records have the potential to vastly improve health care; however, they also introduce new and severe security and privacy concerns. We explore the challenge of preserving patients’ privacy in electronic health record systems.
Patient Controlled Encryption
In this paper
- Melissa Chase and Kristin Lauter, An Anonymous Health Care System, USENIX, August 2010.
- Melissa Chase, Kristin Lauter, Josh Benaloh, and Eric Horvitz, Patient Controlled Encryption: patient privacy in electronic medical records, in The ACM Cloud Computing Security Workshop, Association for Computing Machinery, Inc., November 2009.
- Kristin Lauter, Michael Naehrig, and Vinod Vaikuntanathan, Can Homomorphic Encryption be Practical?, no. MSR-TR-2011-61, 6 May 2011.With confetti falling from the rafters, Hornets star guard Chris Paul was wrapped in the warm embrace of his teammates as they celebrated the team's signature moment since moving to New Orleans in 2002 -- a playoff series victory.
The Hornets -- who just three years ago only won 18 games -- eliminated the Dallas Mavericks in five games 99-94 on Tuesday night in front of a sellout crowd of 18,260 at the New Orleans Arena.
"It's been a long ride," Hornets forward David West said. "The last few years, we felt like we've taken steps to get better. We've had guys come in that fit right in. We were able to take steps forward."
The Hornets never trailed Tuesday night, and Paul was sensational as a playmaker, rebounder and scorer. He finished with a triple double -- 24 points, 15 assists and 11 rebounds.
"Congratulations to a young Nate Archibald (in Paul)," Mavericks Coach Avery Johnson said. "He is a special player, relentless. He is strong. He is intelligent. He has a bright future. He and his coach have great chemistry."
Paul got the ball often to West, who scored 25 points on 10-of-17 shooting. Center Tyson Chandler scored 10 points and grabbed 14 rebounds. Jannero Pargo came off the bench and scored 17.
Paul was assertive from the start, pushing the tempo to keep the Mavericks on their heels. At one point he made a crossover dribble against guard Jason Terry that sent him moving in the opposite direction before flipping a pass to Julian Wright.
For the series, Paul averaged 24.6 points, 12 assists, 2.0 steals and 5.6 rebounds.
"I said I didn't want to go to Dallas (for a possible Game 6)," Paul said. "We're not popping champagne, but we're happy. Everything that we have done is all about this city. It's about rebuilding the city of New Orleans. The fans have been here for us. They are the reason that we're playing so well. We are going to fight always no matter what the environment is like, especially on the road."
Before the game, Hornets Coach Byron Scott received a standing ovation when he was presented the Red Auerbach Trophy as the NBA's Coach of the Year. Now, Scott will begin preparations to play the San Antonio Spurs in a second-round series that will start in New Orleans on Saturday.
"That was probably the toughest game we played," Scott said. "Dallas has no quit in them. They kept coming and coming. But we did what we had to do at home tonight."
In four of the five games against the Mavericks, the Hornets were a step quicker, more assertive and better defenders. Even with their season on the line, the Mavericks did not make their most assertive push until the final 1:18.
They trimmed a 17-point deficit to 97-94 with 33.2 seconds remaining. But any hope the Mavericks had of extending the series ended after forward Peja Stojakovic made two free throws with 5.7 seconds to give the Hornets a five-point lead.
"Right now, I think we're all disappointed," said Mavericks star Dirk Nowitzki, who struggled at times to make jump shots and finished with 22 points in 48 minutes. "I think we're a little better than what we showed in these games. You don't want to say stuff when you're emotional and disappointed. But we didn't play well enough to win this series. I don't want to take anything away from New Orleans. They've got what you need to be a good team.".
"We wanted the opportunity to close this thing out," Pargo said. "I just wanted to help in any way I could."
Pargo made his presence felt in the second quarter, hitting his first four shots and scoring nine points.
Unable to stop that kind of execution caused Mavs guard Jerry Stackhouse to lose his composure. In the fourth quarter, Stackhouse punched the ball out of Paul's hands after play had stopped and received his second technical foul, an automatic ejection.
The Hornets never stopped playing aggressively. After the Mavericks tied the score at 32 in the second quarter, the Hornets closed out the final eight minutes on a 22-7 run to lead 54-39 at halftime. In the third quarter, New Orleans led by 11.
"We came into the postseason expecting to win," West said. "We put it on ourselves to win this series. We felt all along that we had enough to do that. A lot of people may be surprised on how this thing turned out, but we're not too surprised. We look forward to moving on."
. . . . . . .
John Reid can be reached at jreid@timespicayune.com or (504) 826-3405.A winch with a mechanical brake is better for plowing because it prevents the line from bleeding out.
In order to use your ATV plow, you need some type of lift mechanism. The three options you can choose from are a manual hand lift, a 12V electric winch, and an electric lift system. Some plow kits—such as the Cycle Country plow and Eagle Gen II plow—require an electric winch or lift, in which case a manual lift is not an option.
Why Use an ATV Winch for Plowing?
Since a large number of ATV owners already have winches installed on their machines, an electric winch is the simplest and most affordable option for lifting your plow. And if you don’t have a winch installed yet, it still might be one of your best options because of the fact that you can use it for offroad riding, landscaping, yard work, and plenty of other applications. A winch is good for more than just plowing.
Which ATV Winch Is Best for Plowing?
Some ATV winches are better for plowing than others. One of the differences between winches involves the type of braking system: mechanical or dynamic. A mechanical brake is a physical brake that works similar to the way the brakes work on your car. The mechanical brake stops the drum from turning when there is a load on the cable. A dynamic brake is built in to the winch. It uses the resistance from the winch motor to prevent the drum from turning. Hoisted weight may cause the winch line to bleed out on a winch with dynamic braking.
Winches with mechanical brakes are better at holding a load, which makes them a better option for plowing snow. With a mechanical brake, you won’t experience the plow slipping or line bleedout that you might experience with a dynamic brake.
What Size ATV Winch for Plowing?
Generally, almost any winch capacity will work for plowing. Even a light duty 1500 lb winch has more than enough power for most plow setups. If you plan to use the winch for more than just plowing, check out our article on choosing an ATV winch for tips on figuring out what size winch you need.
A mechanical brake is the key factor in choosing an ATV winch for plowing snow. The following ProMark Offroad winches come with mechanical braking systems:
- 1500 lb XT winch
- 3500 lb XT winch
- 4000 lb XT winch
- 3500 lb Outback winch
- 4000 lb Outback winch
- 4500 lb Outback winch
Tags: ATV Plow Parts, ATV Plows, ATV Snow Plows, ATV Snowplow System, Snow Plow Manual LiftAntimalware PC Safety is a dangerous rogue anti-spyware program that was designed to steal money from PC users. Once installed the rogue program starts displaying continuous fake alerts and scanners that claim about tons of malware found on your computer. This bogus program is designed to report non-existent viruses that have nothing to do with a real computer's state, so you can safely ignore them. What makes it different from other rogues is that this one is capable to change the language on its alerts according to country and language settings found on compromised PCs. As soon as you notice fake security alerts, remove Antimalware PC Safety using our anti-spyware program suggested below. Please do not purchase the rogue program, full or whatever it is called version of Antimalware PC Safety. You will simply lose your money together with your credit card details and other sensitive information.
Antimalware PC Safety belongs to the family of rogue anti-spyware applications that are usually promoted via Trojans and fake online scanners. Trojan horses get inside the system through security vulnerabilities found and additionally set the malware to start once you start your computer. That helps for Antimalware PC Safety to become a really dominating program on your system. In addition to annoying alerts and scanners, it may also disconnect the compromised computer from the Internet and may block other legitimate programs found running on machine. The only website user is able to reach when Antimalware PC Safety is inside is the purchase page which agressively offers to buy the license.
To make you concerned about your computer, this malware claims:
Warning! Virus Detected
Threat Detected: Trojan-Spy.HTML.BankFraud.ra
Recommended: Please click "Remove All" button to erase all infected files and protect your PC.
Address space conflict
Warning! Access conflict detected
An unidentified program is trying to access system process address space.
As you can see, the main goal of detecting and reporting non-existent viruses is really simple - Antimalware PC Safety tries to make users buy its license by scaring infected users into believing that their computers got infected by malware. Because of it, you will get tons of system tray notifications and security scanners that will report malware on your computer. To remove this rogue anti-spyware program, you are highly recommended to use our recommended malware removal tool. If you can't run it in normal mode, then restart your computer in safe mode with networking and run it again.
Information added: 03/06/12 09:35;
information updated: 03/06/12 09:35
Attention: Use this form only if you have additional information about Antimalware PC Safety parasite, its removal instructions, additional resources or behavior. By clicking "post comment" button you agree not to post any copyrighted, unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable material of any kind.Some people consider me an iPhone hater (Berit! Nikki!) but I consider myself an Android lover and a non elitist. See, I waited for the iPhone to come to Verizon and January after January the rumors kept appearing. I saw the Droid in 2009 and was impressed but didn’t realize the full capability of the phone. My wife actually purchased the Droid as a birthday gift for me. So I figured this would be a good, in the meantime, phone plus it had a large screen. Well to my dismay, iPhone-ers would look down on me and say “oh you have that?” I thought to myself, well what does the iPhone have that Android doesn’t have? And I found nothing; except for a few apps - that will probably be developed soon for Android. That is how the love affair began. I even wrote an article highlighting 30 things that Android has that iPhone has yet to have. You can read it here.
However, iPhone has one glaring advantage over Android (forget about hypnotic Marketing for one moment) it’s the synergy between hardware and software. In other words, Apple makes the hardware and software that is the iPhone. It’s iPhone’s sleekness and its seamless-ness that has people in awe; because even Apple’s co-founder Steve Wozniak said“Android has more features”.
Unlike iPhone, a great feature of Android is there is a phone for every user. There are even Android phones that look like the iPhone (Samsung Fascinate and Epic come to mind). there are small screens, big screens, white phones, chrome accent phones and more. But the iPhone killer will be developed by Google; that’s right, I said it! (This is a huge prediction!) Android (Google’s mobile phone division) has stated that Andy Rubin, Joe Britt, and Matt Hershenson will all work on the Android Hardware Engineering team. Let’s look at some facts:
- They all worked at Apple.
- They founded Danger which made the TMobile sidekick.
- Joe and Matt worked at Microsoft and worked on what would be the Kin phone.
- Andy Rubin is the holder of at least 8 patents between 2000-2008 that reference mobile design, content delivery, social networking integration and hardware configuration.
- The Nexus series is the purest form of Android and these phones are showcased by manufacturers and generally used by developers to test apps and software. By that I mean no UI on top of Android. No Motoblur, HTC Sense, or Samsung TouchWiz.
Why develop software and APIs for developers and have to partner with other manufacturers? This is the next obvious progression to aid developers in creating anything Android. This would not only interest developers but individuals as well. Let me describe it to you in this manner: if there were a pure Google phone created that: had the original battery life, interface, Google apps, responsiveness, and the processor speed that Google wants you to have for optimal performance, was also on every carrier, and received the next Android software first - wouldn’t you want that phone? This would then put Android on equal ground as iPhone - and by that I mean one manufacture of both software and hardware.
It would also make Google the first company that makes it’s own hardware and software and has other manufacturers making devices containing its software. More features and now a possibility of a real Google phone? Thank GOD it’s not an iPhone! If they develop a phone, could a tablet be next? What are you ideas on what this phone could look like? Would it be a slider? Big screen? Small Screen? Will it all be virtual? Chime in.
If you have questions or have topics you would like me to cover please email me, leave a comment, subscribe here or follow me on Twitter: @alainrj.Healthgrades
10 Steps to Pick the Right Doctor
Whether you need a primary care doctor or a specialist, these 10 steps will ensure you find the right doctor for you. View Slideshow
Dr. Boskovska's Experience
Specialties
- Geriatric Medicine
Board Certifications
- Family Practice
- Geriatric Medicine
Procedures Dr. Boskovska Performs
Dr. Boskovska does not have any procedures listed. If you are Dr. Boskovska and would like to add procedures you perform, please update your free profile.
Conditions Dr. Boskovska Treats
Dr. Boskovska does not have any conditions listed. If you are Dr. Boskovska and would like to add conditions you treat, please update your free profile.
Background Check for Dr. Boskovska
Malpractice Claims not available
- Healthgrades does not collect malpractice information for Massachusetts.
0 Board Actions
- No board actions found for the years that Healthgrades collects data.
Awards & Recognitions
Education & Training
Languages Spoken by Dr. Boskovska & Staff
- HindiTailmouth Adopt - CLOSED by SeductiveAdopts
©2013-2015 SeductiveAdopts
Update: TAKEN BY *Moyashi-Fox His human form is here
This baby.. just. I don't know why I feel like he/she sucks! Dx. /cries in the corner.
Anyways, the price is 200-400
If you buy it for 600
RULES
EX: Sara comments: Can I buy?
Less than an hour later, if the offer has not been accepted already..
Joe comments: I'll buy for 100
Thus, the auction begins.
Base is by ~JulkkulisAdopt
STATUS: OPEN
Such a lovely design~
He's really overpriced, sorry. ;_;
Never any more than that, though.
( I got a few for 1000-1500 or so.. o3o~)
Shame I don't have money or points ;-;
And hopefully someone will! I want him to go to a nice home~
But this one is kinda unique in it's own way and very cute. Plus the colors contrast well. I put a lot of effort into it. >.<International the interstices between international relations and geography. It is an invitation for intensifying debates in International Political Sociology on transformations of space and scales, the use of geographical methods and concepts, and the nature and limits of geographical thought in international and global relations.
‘The international is a spatial category and has been invested by variable geographies. The world of the international is flat; a two-dimensional world of relations between sovereign states claiming exclusive power over their territory and people. The international also persistently and often violently draws lines between itself and its outside: worlds of colonies, the uncivilised, transnational networks, and others. Recently, topographic categories are increasingly challenged by topological modes of enacting spatial relations and by analyses foregrounding the importance of temporal practices and narratives.
This special issue samples an international political sociology that deploys and critically engages territorial, spatial, geographical modes of thinking and politics. What are the limits and transformations of spatial practices in contemporary politics? How are territorialities, borders, and lines invested in methods of governing and conceptions of order? What is the impact of foregrounding temporality and mobility on spatial categorizing of the international? How are geopolitics and territoriality produced?
Table of contents
The Territorial Trap of the Territorial Trap: Global Transformation and the Problem of the State’s Two Territories
Nisha Shah
Henri Lefebvre on State, Space, Territory
Neil Brenner and Stuart Elden
Know-where: Geographies of Knowledge of World Politics
John Agnew
Space, Boundaries, and the Problem of Order: A View from Systems Theory
Jan Helmig, Oliver Kessler
Borders, Territory, Law
Nick Vaughan-Williams
Rethinking Community: Translation Space as a Departure from Political Community
Reiko Shindo
Education and the Formation of Geopolitical Subjects
Martin Muller
Think Locally, Act Globally
Terrence Lyons and Peter Mandaville
Reblogged this on Biometric State and commented:
This looks like a great issue with some top notch contributors engaging with some long standing tropes, not least the “territorial trap,” thinking globally, acting locally, and Lefebvre.Contents
- Analysis: Intel-EU Mudslinging Benefits No One
- Grow Up, EU
In May, the EU slapped Intel with a $1.45 billion fine for violating its antitrust statutes. The one-time charge to pay the fine forced Intel to take a loss for the second quarter, and the company later appealed.
The matter seemed over and done with. But on Monday, the EU took the unusual step of releasing cherry-picked anecdotes from the evidence it collected in the case, a day before Intel was scheduled to open its Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco. (All of our IDF coverage is here.)
AMD, metaphorically crying "Confusion to the enemy!" quickly sent its own snippets to journalists. Ex-AMD chief executive Hector Ruiz, who has claimed to have led AMD's antitrust efforts against Intel, penned an editorial for MarketWatch. AMD, of course, stands to make hundreds of millions if not billions in a civil suit against Intel that will be heavily dependent on the evidence and rulings from the other worldwide agencies. The additional funding would also have profound implications on AMD's long-term viability.
," Ruiz wrote.
But Intel's document rather vehemently claimed, as much as a white paper can, that the EU was essentially biased.
"So, how could the Commission come to wrong conclusions? Intel has reluctantly concluded that the Commission initiated the investigation with a predisposed view to alter the results of competition, and consequently tended to assess the evidence with a prosecutorial bent to confirm its point of view," Intel's paper claimed. "In doing so, it ignored or minimized and indeed at times even refused to obtain important evidence that contradicted its view of the world. The result was a consistently one-sided and result-oriented selection and interpretation of the evidence."
Intel has already been the subject of antitrust investigations by Japan and South Korea, and similar cases are pending against the company in the U.S.: both in a civil suit filed by AMD, but also in investigations launched by the Federal Trade Commission and the State of New York. Just over two years ago, the South Korean Federal Trade Commission issued a "statement of objection" against Intel, and in 2005, Japan's Fair Trade Commission also issued an adverse ruling against Intel. In both cases, the suits reportedly concerned rebates Intel allegedly issued to OEMs for passing on processors from AMD and other processor vendors in favor of its own products.
The AMD-Intel case should go to trial next spring, and microprocessor analysts have already begun to be signed up as expert witnesses. One, who is serving as an expert witness for AMD (and thus should be considered biased) nevertheless told me that the documents he reviewed would send chills up your spine.
We both agreed that our perceptions of Intel, naïve or not, were that the company played hard but fair. And that's where the evidence gets squishy. In its press release, the EU admitted that any adverse pressure applied to OEMs was done orally. Apparently, there's no smoking gun.
In America, we know how that goes down: heavyset guys with East Coast accents wonder what will happen if a victim were to slip in a patch of ice, say, next to a congested freeway. Or how a grandmother might survive if her heat were turned off. I'm from the West Coast, where our gangs just spray a clip or two at each other from the back of a four-door sedan and move on. Next: Grow Up, EUHitman: Absolution
Mashcast #120: Free The Play Whales
Free-2-Play whales, XBox new boss, Metacritic scores on Amazon, Square Enix returning to its roots, and more.
Square Enix is Looking to go Back to it’s Roots
Square Enix President promises to take the company back to it's roots.
Mashcast #71: Hell Hath Frozen Over
After a longer than expected break, we are back! A lot of games have come out since we went silent, so this episode we focus on the games of the 2012 Fall/Winter rush.
Agent 47 Gets a Visit from The Saints – New Hitman Absolution Trailer
This is just the practice squad from New Orleans.
Introducing Agent 47 – Hitman: Absolution Gameplay Trailer
Are you a silent assassin?
Mashcast Special Edition: PAX East 2012 – Part 2
Another PAX East has come and gone. In this podcast we will talk about the games we played, what we liked, and what we didn’t.
Mashcast Special Edition: PAX East 2012 – Part 1
Another PAX East has come and gone. In this podcast we will talk about the games we played, what we liked, and what we didn’t.
Hitman: Absolution VGA Trailer
Agent 47 isn't much for "Get well soon" parties.
Hitman: Absolution Directors’ Commentary Video
Run for your life with the game's directors chatting in your ear..
Hitman Absolution ‘Run For Your Life’ Playthrough
Silence please.
Hitman Absolution Latest Video
Agent 47 is back!
Mashcast #10: Splinter Hitman Solid
In this podcast we get into Duke Nukem’s PR team lashing out at reviewers, Hitman looking more like Metal Gear, Women being ignored as a gaming audience, Rainbow Six delivering some of the biggest moral decisions you’ve ever had to face, Nintendo constantly disappointing with every drop of Wii U news, and EA chopping up […]This is my famous Panang curry recipe with kale, which has a slightly different twist and lots of veggies – resulting in a huge pot of steaming, nutritious joy. Panang (or Penang) curry is usually thicker than red curry and often contains peanuts, which gives it additional flavor. You can serve it with brown rice or jasmine rice.
Ingredients for panang curry:
- 1 can unsweetened coconut milk (see Substitutes for lower-fat options)
- 1 small can striped bamboo shoots, drained
- 1 small can water chestnuts, drained
- 1 cup vegetable stock
- 1 tablespoon brown sugar
- 1 teaspoon light soy sauce
- 2 green onions, trimmed and cut into small pieces
- 2 ounces dried shitake mushrooms, soaked in water
- 1 cup frozen green peas
- 1/2 bunch kale, trimmed and shredded into pieces (including stalks)
- 2 small fresh thai chilies to taste
- 1 pack firm tofu
- 1 teaspoon fresh gingerroot, peeled and minced
- 1/4 cup salted dry-roasted peanuts, coarsely chopped or whole per taste
- 1 cup fresh cilantro leaves, slightly shredded
- 1/2 fresh lime
Ingredients for red curry paste:
You can either buy a good vegetarian paste for the panang curry or make it yourself as listed below:
- 20 dried small red thai chilies, stemmed and most of the seeds discarded
- 1 tablespoon whole coriander seeds
- 1 teaspoon whole cumin seeds
- 10 black peppercorns or 1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
- 3 stalks lemongrass
- 1/4 cup fresh cilantro leaves and stems, coarsely chopped
- 1/4 cup shallots, coarsely chopped
- 2 tablespoons garlic, coarsely chopped
- 1 tablespoon fresh galangal root or fresh ginger, peeled and coarsely chopped
- 1 teaspoon lime peel, finely minced
- 1 teaspoon salt
Directions for red curry paste:
- Break red chilies into large pieces and place them into a small bowl. Cover with warm water and set aside to soften them for about 20 minutes.
- In a small skillet over medium heat, dry-fry the coriander seeds until they darken a shade, stirring often, for 2-3 minutes. Place them on a saucer. Reuse the pan and toast the cumin seeds in the same way for 1-2 minutes. Then place the coriander, cumin, and pepper into a mini processor and grind to a fine powder. Set aside.
- Trim the lemongrass and discard the root sections below the bulb. Cut off the top portion and leave the stalk at 6-inch lengths. Remove the dried leaves and then finely chop the stalk.
- Drain the chilies and combine them with lemongrass, ground spices, and remaining ingredients in the food processor. Grind to a fairly smooth puree, stop occasionally to scrape down the sides. Add a few tablespoons of water if needed, to get a smoother paste. Put into airtight container and store at room temperature until use (you can store the paste in the fridge for up to 1 month).
Directions for panang curry with kale:
- Shake the coconut milk can well and spoon half of it into wok or medium saucepan. Bring to a gentle boil over medium heat. Cool until it thickens and stir occasionally, about 3 minutes. Add 2 tablespoons of the red curry paste as per taste, and cook for about 3 minutes, whisking and stirring the paste so that it does not clump.
- Add the remaining coconut milk and fill the can half-full with water to rinse, adding this to the simmering panang curry as well. Once the curry mixture starts thickening, add soy sauce, sugar, and ginger, and stir to combine. Then add vegetable stock and continue to cook for 6-8 minutes.
- Add the bamboo stripes and water chestnuts, keep simmering at medium heat.
- Cut the soaked shitake mushrooms into quarters and leave tough stalks behind to soak some more. Add shitakes, thai chilies, and frozen peas to saucepan. Poor 1/2 cup of the shitake soaking water into the pot to add flavor. Stir and continue to simmer for 5-6 minutes.
- Add the green onions and the kale. Let it cook with bubbles for 2-3 minutes, then reduce to low heat.
- Add the tofu and peanuts, reduce to low heat and stir gently, then close the wok. Let the panang curry soak on low heat for 2-3 minutes. Switch off the heat and add the cilantro leaves. Squeeze the lime into the curry and stir one last time, then serve the panang curry.
February 20th, 2012 at 12:48 pm
@Kate – glad you tried the recipe and I just wonder how the highly saturated coconut oil makes a great fatfree vegan recipe? I know that fat carries the taste but I’m usually trying to use more spices and herbs for flavor instead of fats. If you reduce the coconut milk/panang curry paste own to a thicker mass and add more chiles and perhaps crushed peanuts, that could be another way to spice it up a little more healthy. Thanks for trying it anyway
For the past decade or so, telecommunication activities have gained momentum in India. Efforts have been made from both governmental and non-governmental platforms to enhance the infrastructure. The idea is to help modern telecommunication technology penetrate India’s socio-culturally diverse society, and to transform it into a nation of technology aware people.
The total number of telephones in the country crossed the 300 million mark on June 18 2008 The overall tele-density has increased to 26.89% in June 2008.Telecom Regulatory Authority of India,Information note to the Press (Press Release No. 61 / 2007), 20 Jun 2007 In the wireless segment, 8.77 million subscribers have been added in January 2008 while 8.11 million subscribers were added in December 2007. The total wireless subscribers (GSM, CDMA & WLL (F)) base is more than 270 million now. The wireline segment subscriber base stood at 39.22 million with a decline of 0.03 million in January 2008.
While all the major cities and towns in the country were linked with telephones during the British period, the total number of telephones in 1948 was only around 80,000. Even after independence, growth was extremely slow. The number of telephones grew leisurely to 980,000 in 1971, 2.15 million in 1981 and 5.07 million in 1991..
Liberalization opposition from leaders of the opposite political party country was divided into 20 telecommunication circles for basic telephony and 18 circles for mobile services. These circles were divided into category A, B and C depending on the value of the revenue in each circle.For cellular service two service providers were allowed per circle and a 15 years license was given to each provider.
After 1995 the government set up TRAI [Telecom Regulatory Authority of India] which reduced the interference of Government in deciding tariffs and policy making. The DoT opposed this. The political powers changed in 1999 and the new government was more pro-reforms and introduced better liberalization policies.
After March 2000, the government became more liberal in making policies and issuing licenses to private operators. The government further reduced license fees and increased the allowable stake to 74% for foreign companies. Because of all these factors, the service fees finally reduced and the call costs were cut greatly.
Growth was tardy in the early years because of the high price of hand sets as well as the high tariff structure of mobile telephones. The New Telecom Policy in 1999, the industry heralded several pro consumer initiatives.The number of mobile phones added throughout the country in 2003 was 16 million, followed by 22 million in 2004, 32 million in 2005 and 65 million in 2006. The only country with more mobile phones than India with 246 million mobile phones is China – 408 million.
India has opted for the use of both the GSM (global system for mobile communications)]and CDMA (code-division multiple access)technologies in the [mobile phone|mobile]sector.
The mobile tariffs in India have also become lowest in the world. A new mobile connection can be activated with a monthly commitment of US$5 only. In 2005 alone 32 million handsets were sold in India. 35,000 Exchanges. Fibre network can be easily converted to Next Generation network and then used for delivering multiple services at cheap cost.
Telecommunication is the lifeline of the rapidly growing Information Technology industry. Internet subscriber base has risen to 6.94 million in 2005- 2006. Out of this 1.35 million were broadband connections.
Under the Bharat Nirman Programme, the Government of India will ensure that 66,822 revenue villages in the country, which have not yet been provided with a Village Public Telephone (VPT), will be connected.
It is difficult to ascertain fully the employment potential of the telecom sector but the enormity of the opportunities can be gauged from the fact that there were 3.7 million Public Call Offices in December 2005 up from 2.3 million in December 2004.
The value added services (VAS) market within the mobile industry in India has the potential to grow from $500 million in 2006 to a whopping $10 billion by 2009.
Cellphones: 305.24 million (August 2008)
Land Lines: 38.63 million (August 2008)
Yearly Cellphone Addition: 83 million (2007)
Monthly Cellphone Addition: 9.16 million (August 2008)
Teledensity: 29.83% (August 2008)
Projected teledensity: 500 million, 40% of population by 2010.
Broadband connection: 4.73 million (August 2008)
Telephone system:.
Landlines: Landline service in India is primarily run by BSNL/MTNL and Reliance Infocomm though there are several other private players too. Landlines are facing stiff competition from mobile telephones. The competition has forced the landline services to become more efficient. The landline network quality has improved.
Mobile Cellular: The mobile service has seen phenomenal growth since 2000. In September 2004, the number of mobile phone connections have crossed fixed-line connections. Currently there are an estimated 201.29 million mobile phone users in India compared to 39.73 million fixed line subscribers. India primarily follows the GSM mobile system, in the 900 MHz band. Recent operators also operate in the 1800 MHz band. The dominant players are Airtel, Reliance Infocomm, Vodafone, Idea cellular and BSNL/MTNL.
Dialling System: On landlines, intra circle calls are considered local calls while inter circle are considered long distance calls..
Internet Users: Number of Internet users in India is the 4th largest in the world. Internet population is expected to grow to 100 million users by 2007. Though the number of internet users is high, the penetration level is still lower than most countries across the globe.
BSNL, Sify, MTNL, STPI, Airtel, Netcom, Reliance/UK and USA.
After economic liberalization in 1992, many private ISPs have entered the market, many with their own local loop and gateway infrastructures. The telecom services market is regulated by TRAI.
Because of the increase in ISPs and the quality of service Qos, It became cheaper from around the world.
Airtel and BSNL have launched 8 Mbit/s broadband internet services in selected areas recently . For home users , the maximum speed for unlimited downloads is 1 Mbit/s , available for USD 60.
Radio broadcast stations: Amplitude modulation(AM) 153, Frequency modulation, Hindi. In the late 1990s, many current affairs and news channels sprouted, becoming immensely popular because of the alternative viewpoint they offered compared to Doordarshan.
Here is a reasonably comprehensive List of Indian television stations.
Internet Users:60,000,000 (September 2007). Source: Internet World Stats
Broadband Subscribers:Broadband in India is defined as 256 kbit/s and above by the government regulator. Total subscribers were 2.3 million (April 2007). Source: TRAI
Internet Service Providers (ISPs) & Hosts:86,571 (2004). Source: CIA World FactBookThe first day of school combined with meeting a new teacher can be both a nervous and exciting time for kids. I came across this fun and stylish way for your student to introduce themselves to their teacher.
Photo courtesy of Alli Crumley School Pictures – Virtual School Edition – Introduction Collage
What’s the hardest part of going back to school – for you and for the kids?This would simply involve downloading some canonical tarball, say bind, and compiling it... perhaps even statically. Ports and it's issues related to this would certainly not be considered. I'd thought about the jails, emulation, installing 4.11 on spare boxes [a] and whatnot. Seemed there might be a more elegant way to cross compile and do everything on the RELENG_8 box natively. Maybe by pointing the toolchain at a copy of /lib /include from RELENG_4 or whatever. Then expand that method to back compile for RELENG_x. I think I'll try unpacking 4.11's release tarballs into an empty jail, doing whatever else the install does and launching that. I'm guessing I should be able to compile/install world/kernel/release/apps in there. Assuming the running RELENG_8 parent kernel services don't cause issues. If it doesn't work I can always fall back to [a]. Yeah, you could consider it 'embedded' all right. Like deep in a dusty corner, driving some critical legacy shims that they forgot about in the migration plan, oops. As a side note, it would be nice if freebsd-archive containted packages-x-stable too, copied over as part of the rm process from the regular when it happens. And all the distfiles ever used too, I don't think they're currently rm'ed though.Once Upon a Time's Patrick Fischler Teases Topsy-Turvy Finale, Reflects on Lost, Mad Men and Other Roles
Patrick Fischler across his TV career has been slugged by the very best of them, including Mad Men‘s Don Draper and Lost‘s Sawyer. And this Sunday on Once Upon a Time‘s Season 4 finale, Isaac Heller aka The Author will again be on the receiving end of a punch READ MOREBrian Gets Healthy and Drops 90 Pounds...
When you eat lots of fruits and veggies you’ll get healthy. You’ll lose weight. And, you’ll feel great! Tons of people have slimmed down thanks to Dr. Fuhrman. People like singer Alanis Morissette, she shed 20 pounds, and me, I cut 60 pounds. Oh, and check out Brian, he’s healthy now too:
Over the course of one year I lost 90 lbs, going from 288 pounds to 198 pounds, following Dr. Fuhrman's plan and doing interval training. I also normalized my blood pressure during this time.
At first, the transition was very difficult. It was helpful for me to understand Dr. Fuhrman's explanation about the ways refined foods act as drugs in the body. I experienced ups and downs during the 9 months, but overall, adopting a nutrient dense diet coupled with anaerobic exercise, gaining social support and…continue reading.
Image credit: DrFuhrman.com
Wow, love the pics! He looks 15 years younger, at least!
Now what if you want to eat very healthy (avoid red meat products, limit animal fat, increase fruit vegetables) but you want to gain weight and put on lean body mass coupled with a rigrious weightlifitng program.
I've read here before that you could eat as much food as you like if you're eating the right foods, so then how do you go in the other direction adn gain weight?
Hey Ed Mac-
The only foods that are unlimited with Dr. Fuhrman's plan are fruits and vegetables, so technically you can't eat as much food as you want. For example, eat too many nuts and seeds and you'll gain weight.
Also, you can only stuff yourself so much. Even though you can eat an unlimited amount of fruits and veggies, you aren't going to be eating like a gorilla. You don't want to eat until you explode!
As for bulking up, its not exactly healthy (NFL lineman die early), your body knows what your weight should be. I've heard Dr. Fuhrman mention some people may need to add some eggs too their diet if they are looking to get ripped, but a well-balanced veggie diet (lots of greens) packs a lot of protein.
Peace.
-Gerry
Ed- More nuts and seeds,avocado and some starchy colorful veggies and maybe some dried fruit. Members of Dr. Fuhrman's member center will be attending a teleconference with him on just this topic next week.BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0
Sponsored Links
Download location for BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0
BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0....read more
NOTE: You are now downloading BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0. This download is provided to you free of charge.
Select a download mirror
BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0 description
BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0 Screenshot
BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0 Keywords
BoosterMarketing BoosterMarketing Page Rank Web Site Page Rank BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0 Your Web Site
Bookmark BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0
BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0 Copyright
WareSeeker.com do not provide cracks, serial numbers etc for BoosterMarketing Page Rank 1.0. Any sharing links from rapidshare.com, yousendit.com or megaupload.com are also prohibited.
Featured Software
Want to place your software product here?
Please contact us for consideration.
Contact WareSeeker.com
Related Software
Shows Google PageRank rating for selected website Free Download
Check the page rank of your website using M6.Net Pagerank checker Free Download
Will display page rank along with many other statistics about the domain.Cool. Free Download
Web Rank is the powerful web analysis tool. It can help you check your web site position on all major search engines such as Google, AltaVista, Yahoo, Lycos, Excite, WebCrawler, MSN etc Free Download
This script is based on the code in the google toolbar. It decodes data from google to work out the page rank of a given url. Free Download
This simple and easy-to-use php script finds the Google Page Rank for any URL by requesting the PR from Googles servers. Just upload script to your web site, enter small piece of code (less than 1Kb)
Page Rank check tool enables webmasters to check their page rank and monitor the PR. Free Download
Latest Software
Popular Software
Favourite SoftwareDatapoints: The RDS Blog
NADDI Reflections [part 1]
This post on NADDI 2015 was written by Morgaine Gilchrist Scott, one of two recipients of an RDS student scholarship. Read Evan Meszaros’ reflection. In my past life, I was a public health researcher. In my current one, I’m a first year SLIS graduate student. I’m amazed and appalled at […]
NADDI Reflections [part 2]
This post on NADDI 2015 was written by Evan Meszaros, one of two recipients of an RDS student scholarship. Read Morgaine Gilchrist-Scott’s reflection. The NADDI 2015 conference afforded its attendees a smorgasbord of content, from the basic to the advanced, and across a range of contexts, from the narrowly-focused to […]
Tools: OnCore and REDCap
Overview REDCap (Research Electronic Data Capture) and OnCore (Online Collaborative Environment) are clinical data management tools supported by the UW Institute for Clinical and Translational Research. See table for a comparison of the features of the two tools. These systems are used by researchers who conduct clinical trials in the […]
Data Archiving Platforms: Dryad
by Brianna Marshall, Digital Curation Coordinator This is part two of a three-part series where I explore platforms for archiving and sharing your data. Read the first post in the series, focused on UW’s institutional repository, MINDS@UW. To help you better understand your options, here are the areas I address for […]
Japanese Adjective Usage
Japanese has two classes of adjectives that conjugate differently. 形容詞 (keiyoushi), literally "qualifying words", are often called -i or verb-like adjectives (this term is also used to describe English adjectives). 形容動詞 (keiyoudoushi), literally "qualifying movement words", are often called -na or noun-like adjectives.
A third adjective category called 連体詞 (rentaishi), literally "attributive words", must always come before a noun. The category contains a mix of things that may look more like verbs (such as いわゆる), pronouns (such as あの), or -na adjectives (such as 大きな) unless you're a linguist. More importantly, they don't conjugate, so I won't mention them very often.
There's also another category of noun-like adjectives that use たる (taru) instead of な (na) to link with nouns, and と (to) instead of に (ni) when acting as adverbs, but these -taru adjectives have mostly died out and are very rare in modern Japanese.
Arguably, none of these are properly "adjectives" in the English sense of the word, especially since -i adjectives act a lot like verbs and -na adjectives are nearly the same thing as nouns. But since they're usually used to modify nouns, "adjective" is probably the best English can do to describe them, so that's what they're generally called, and that's what I'm going with. Adjectives can be used several different ways.
Attributive Usage
This is when an adjective directly precedes the noun it modifies, like "cold weather" or "healthy person". -i adjectives are placed before their nouns in dictionary form; -na adjectives are the same but include the ～な (-na). Any of the conjugated short forms may also be used.
- 「新しい時計を買いました。」 (Atarashii tokei wo kaimashita.) = "I bought a new watch."
- 「ひまな人は寝る。」 (Hima na hito wa neru.) = "The idle person sleeps."
- 「熱くないコーヒーを飲みません。」 (Atsukunai KOOHII wo nomimasen.) = "I don't drink coffee that isn't hot."
Except in the case of rentaishi, which cannot end a sentence and must always be used attributively, this is just a special case of sentences modifying nouns, where the sentence is just an adjective. Yes, a single word can be a complete sentence in Japanese!
On a bit of a side note, the ～な (na) of -na adjectives is derived from the なる (naru), short for にある (ni aru), copula of classical Japanese. This is not typically relevant to modern Japanese except that ～なる is sometimes used in place of ～な for effect.
- 「愚かなる人間め…」 (Oroka naru ningen me...) = "Foolish humans..."
Also, certain classical ～なる adjectives have evolved into rentaishi (non-conjugating adjectives) in modern Japanese, but since these are fixed phrases that always contain the なる, they shouldn't cause any problems. A typical example is 単なる (tan naru).
With pronouns
In English, adjectives cannot directly modify pronouns such as I, you, them, and it. Japanese has no such qualms, and is prefectly willing to attach adjectives, and other descriptive phrases, directly to pronouns. This, unsurprisingly, tends to complicate translation, typically resulting in either a clunky "[pronoun] that is [adjective]" phrase or, usually preferably, rewording the sentence to capture the essense more naturally.
- (from Zelda 3) 「リンクよ、おさないお前が退魔の剣 求めておるのか！」 (RINKU yo, osanai omae ga taima no ken motomete oru no ka!) = "Link, one so young as you is seeking the exorcising sword!?" or more literally, "Link, childish you are seeking the exorcising sword!?" (See? English just doesn't do it that way.)
Conjugations
This is where -i adjectives look a lot like verbs and -na adjectives look just like nouns. The forms mean the same thing as for verbs. To use these, simply put the noun with the appropriate adjective form in a sentence like so: [noun]は[adjective] ([noun] wa [adjective]). Alternately, put one of the short forms right before the noun, as explained above. It means the same as [noun] is/isn't/was/wasn't/etc. (depending on the form used) [adjective]. So, for example...
- 「本は面白い。」 (Hon wa omoshiroi.) = "The book is interesting." or "Books are interesting."
- 「切符は高くなかったです。」 (Kippu wa takaku nakatta desu.) = "The ticket was not expensive."
So here's the chart. D stands for dictionary form, and that's without the ～な for -na adjectives.
There is one sort-of exception: The -i adjective いい (ii) is actually a variant of よい (yoi), and conjugates as よい in all forms except nonpast affirmative. So the past affirmative casual is よくない (yokunai), the -te form is よくて (yokute), and so on.
Other than that, all adjectives conjugate regularly. Examples are included on the chart.
Also note that an adjective can end in い (i) and still be a -na adjective rather than an -i adjective. The standard example is きれい (kirei), which can also be written in kanji as 奇麗, though it generally isn't due to the complexity of the characters. Note that the い is part of the kanji and not a trailing character, as it is in -i adjectives like 黒い (kuroi), for example.
High Formality
Adjectives also have highly formal variants. For -na adjectives, this is simple; just use the highly polite copula, でございます (de gozaimasu) instead of the usual です (desu). For -i adjectives, it's more complicated.
These may also be preceded with the honorific お (o). Certain idiomatic phrases such as お早うございます (ohayou gozaimasu), which functions as "good morning" but is literally just "it is early" phrased very politely, come from this form.
Seems... Looks like... (-sou ending)
To say how something seems, drop the final い (i) for -i adjectives, leave out the な (na) for -na adjectives, and add そう (sou) to what's left. The result is a -na adjective. It indicates that whatever you are referring to seems to be or looks like the adjective you started with, when you don't have enough information to be sure. As such, そう is rarely used with adjectives such as "pretty" that depend on perception, since it's difficult to imagine a situation in which you could tell that something seems to be pretty without being able to say that it actually is pretty.
When using そう with negatives, create the negative form as usual, then change the final ～ない (-nai) to ～なさそう (-nasasou).
Finally, for whatever reason, いい (ii) becomes よさそう (yosasou), not いそう (isou) or よそう (yosou).
- 「このスポーツは簡単そう。」 (Kono SUPOUTSU wa kantansou.) = "This sport seems simple."
- 「それは暖かそうなセーター。」 (Sore wa atatakasou na SEETAA.) = "That's a warm-looking sweater."
- 「面白くなさそうです。」 (Omoshiroku nasasou desu.) = "It does not appear to be interesting."
Also refer to the related clause endings みたい (mitai) and よう (you).
The adverbial form—add に (ni) as explained in the "as other parts of speech" section below—is fairly common with certain adjectives and may be used in ways that are not intuitive to English speakers, or at least don't translate cleanly.
- 「美味しそうにラーメンを食べる」 (oishisou ni RAAMEN wo taberu) = "eats ramen in a way that suggests that it's delicious"
"Eats hungrily" is a reasonable approximation in this particular case.
Observations about other people (-gatte iru)
Some adjectives, such as かわいい (kawaii, roughly translating to cute) can be used as-is when describing other people, but others refer to things such as personal feelings that an outside observer can never be quite sure of. Adjectives of this type include 嬉しい (ureshii = happy), 痛い (itai = painful), and the ～たい (-tai) verb ending, which indicates a desire. To talk about other people, the tendency is to be more indirect, perhaps by saying that they said they want to, or that you think they want to. Another way, for -i adjectives of this type, is to drop the final い and add ～がる (-garu) or ～がっている (-gatte iru), meaning that your observations of the person's behavior indicate this conclusion.
The adjective 欲しい (hoshii), meaing wanted or wished for, often acts like this and is normally used as [object]が欲しい ([object] ga hoshii). However, when making an observation of want with ～がっている, use を (wo) instead of が (ga).
- 「メアリーは悲しがっている。」 (MEARII wa kanashigatte iru.) = "Mary seems sad" (based on how she's acting).
- 「トムさんは友達を欲しがっています。」 (TOMU san wa tomodachi wo hoshigatte imasu.) = "I get the impression that Tom wants a friend."
Too Much (-sugiru)
To express the idea of "too much", add the auxiliary verb ～すぎる (-sugiru). For -i adjectives, first drop the final い (i); for -na adjectives, just leave out the な (na). すぎる is a -ru verb and conjugates as such.
Referring to someone or something with adjective + すぎる has a negative connotation. You wouldn't normally, for example, say that someone is 楽しすぎる (tanoshisugiru = too much fun), unless you're suggesting that this is a bad thing in some way, such as being so much fun that you didn't get any sleep all weekend and now you're dead on your feet.
- 「この時計は古すぎます。」 (Kono tokei wa furusugimasu.) = "This clock is too old."
- 「静かすぎるんだ…」 (Shizukasugiru n da...) = "It's too quiet..."
Somewhat (-me)
To moderate an -i adjective, similar to using the English ending "-ish", replace the final ～い (-i) with ～め (-me) and use the result as a -na adjective. As usual, the adverbial form also applies. This usage might apply only to certain adjectives, and there doesn't seem to be an equivalent for -na adjectives at all.
- 「大きめなシャツ」 (ookime na SHATSU) = "largish shirt"
- 「早めに着いた。」 (Hayame ni tsuita.) = "We arrived a bit on the early side."
As Other Parts of Speech
Nouning adjectives
-i adjectives can be used as abstract nouns by replacing the ending い (i) with さ (sa), though this doesn't apply to all adjectives. The resulting noun refers to the attribute that the adjective describes.
- 「優しさ」 (yasashisa) = "kindness"
- 「大きさ」 (ookisa) = "size" ("largeness")
You can do the same with some -na adjectives by adding さ (sa), but this seems to be somwhat less common.
- 「何という愚かさだ。」 (Nan to iu orokasa da.) = "Such foolishness."
-na adjectives are sometimes used directly as nouns, especially in colloquial speech, though perhaps they technically shouldn't be.
- 「ほっとけ、このバカ。」 (Hottoke, kono BAKA.) = "Leave me alone, you idiot."
Adverbing adjectives
All adjectives have a corresponding adverbial form. -i adjectives change the final い (i) to く (ku), while -na adjectives add に (ni).
- 「速く泳ぐ」 (hayaku oyogu) = "swims quickly"
- 「静かに話す」 (shizuka ni hanasu) = "speaks quietly"
- 「うまく行く」 (umaku iku) = "goes well"
As noted in the introduction, -taru adjectives use と (to) instead of に (ni).
Verbing Adjectives
Adjectives can be used like verbs with a few changes. Make the adverbial form (above), and add なる (naru) to mean "become [adjective]", or する (suru) to mean "make [adjective]".
- 「店が忙しくなった。」 (Mise ga isogashiku natta.) = "The store got busy." or "The store got busier."
- 「先生が試験を簡単にしてくれる。」 (Sensei ga shiken wo kantan ni shite kureru.) = "The teacher will make the test easy." or "The teacher will make the test easier."
Notice that there's no way to tell a relative change (becoming more than it was before) from an absolute one (wasn't before but is now). Looking the first example above, if the change is absolute, then the store had not been busy before, but now is. If the change is relative, then the store may or may not have been busy at first, but is now more busy than it had been. In other words, 忙しくなった (isogashiku natta) could mean either "get busy" or "get busier". The intended meaning can be clarified by context, and there are several simple ways to make the type of change explicit.
- 「静かだった店が忙しくなった。」 (Shizuka datta mise ga isogashiku natta.) = "The store that had been quiet became busy."
- 「店がもっと忙しくなった。」 (Mise ga motto isogashiku natta.) = "The store became more busy."
- 「店がさらに忙しくなった。」 (Mise ga sara ni isogashiku natta.) = "The store became further busy."
- 「店が前より忙しくなった。」 (Mise ga mae yori isogashiku natta.) = "The store became busier than [it was] before."
より (yori) by itself also works, though that leaves some ambiguity as to what it's more than. Then again, English "busier" (to keep the same example) has the same ambiguity, and how often does anyone care?
Additionally, -na adjectives such as 好き (suki) that seem like verbs are sometimes used as verbs in colloquial speech, even though this isn't considered correct usage.
- 「週末を好き。」 (shuumatsu wo suki.) = "I like weekends."
For what it's worth, the proper usage is 「週末が好き」 (shuumatsu ga suki), with "weekend" marked as the subject.Product News: Vision Systems
Board Level Cameras feature USB 3.0 interface.
Press Release Summary:
April 16, 2014 - Available with Sony CCD and CMOSIS sensors, MX Series offers resolutions from VGA to 4 megapixels. Units feature sequencer or storable user sets, Baumer GAPI SDK v.2.2 software, and ability to detect fast motion sequences at 160 fps. Measuring 28.5 x 28.5 mm, remote sensor head is connected to system PCB by flexprint with 8.2 mm overall height. All models are certified in accordance with USB3 Vision standard, making them compatible with NI LabVIEW and MVTec HALCON for industrial image processing.
Original Press Release
Fast, Easy, Flexible: USB 3.0 Board Level Cameras
Press release date: April 7, 2014
New board-mount models allow greater flexibility in cramped installation spaces
Ba.
MX Series models are available with resolutions from VGA to 4 megapixels and high performance Sony CCD and CMOSIS, MVTec HALCON or Matrox Imaging Library.. further information, visit on the internet.
Jeremy JONES
Phone: +1 (860) 620 63 75
jjones@baumer.comATLANTA — If you are looking for a "prince," scratch Thomas Spravka off your list.
"If I see, `Princess looking for a prince,' I stop right there," said Spravka, a member of Yahoo Personals, an online dating site.
ATLANTA — If you are looking for a "prince," scratch Thomas Spravka off your list.
"If I see, `Princess looking for a prince,' I stop right there," said Spravka, a member of Yahoo Personals, an online dating site.
An online personal ad declaring, "I can go from jeans to a black dress," won't wow him either.
"I mean, really, who cares?" said Spravka, a 47-year-old single photographer who wades through cliche-laden personals in his search for The One.
As online dating quickly expands into a modern-day scene that attracts millions of singles, a new cottage industry has sprung up to help those learning the ropes.
For $59.99, you can hire an adviser from PersonalsTrainer.com to do a "complete tuneup" of your personal ad. The advisers, who include a former writer from HBO's "Sex and the City" and radio relationship therapist Judy Kuriansky, stomp out cliches and spice up generic gab, delivering the redo within three days.
"I think a lot of people are really fabulous as people but are not necessarily as writers," said Aury Wallington, the former "Sex" writer.
Date.com and 50 other online dating sites have teamed up with 2-year-old ProfileDoctor.com to provide a makeover within 48 hours for $28. Advertising copywriter Brian Hicks runs the weeklyscore.com dating-advice site for men, under the name Jack Conway. E-cyrano.com offers online-dating coaching sessions. And in Atlanta, Michael Law of theprofileproject.com owns a business devoted to snapping pictures for online personals aimed at giving singles a more polished and glam look. Photo shoots start at $100.
Picking the right photo
"I am big into the online dating thing -- and I noticed there weren't a lot of good photos. They were blurry [and had] bad lighting," said 35-year-old Law. "And [singles] don't pick good photos of themselves. Men are famous for not picking appropriate photos. They will pick a photo of themselves at a wedding because they think they look good -- but then it looks like it's a photo of them at their own wedding."
Last year, Americans spent $396 million on online personals, according to Jupiter Research. By 2009, Americans are expected to dole out $623 million per year on online personals. Rewriting gurus claim they can improve someone's number of responses in the face of increasing competition. Online dating sites list millions of single people from around the world. Match.com displays more than 100,000 singles from Atlanta alone.
"People want to show range, but you know what? That tells you nothing," said David Evans, 35, who launched ProfileDoctor.com about two years ago.
Rewriters suggest being specific -- mention your favorite food or restaurant, your favorite TV program, details that provide a larger window into your personality. In Evans' own online profile, he calls himself, a "Jetta-driving Democrat who likes NPR."
Big turnoffs
A March 2003 Match survey of single people found they were turned off by two particular mistakes: talk about ex-mates, and poor spelling and grammar. Other common flaws include negative comments and revealing too much personal information or writing about risky topics, such as sex.
Mary White, a member of Match.com, won't dawdle on any profile that includes a photograph of a man without a shirt or any profile with grammatical errors.
But White admits to having to make changes to her own online profile. She got rid of "I hate sports" and now says, "The Braves and Falcons are fun to watch, but only live."
Since then, the number of men writing to her is way up -- as many as five a day.
Kathleen Irby, a 34-year-old Atlanta single, approaches her online personal as a take-it-or-leave-it proposition. Does she exercise? Nope. Her daily diet? Junk food junkie. And her favorite thing to do? Eat peanut butter out of the jar with a spoon.
In less than two weeks, her Match.com profile has been beeping with more than 100 flirty e-mails coming her way.
"And so many people bring up the peanut butter," she said. "And no, I didn't say I travel like everyone else. I've been to Portugal once. That doesn't mean that I travel."
She also knows the online photo helps.
Michael Lasky, co-author of "Online Dating for Dummies," also believes a good photograph can go a long way.
"Spending 50 to 75 bucks on a photo is a good investment," Lasky said.
Lasky recommends singles ask a friend or someone of the opposite sex to critique their online personal.
Spravka changed his user name in the headline thomasseat25a to "Happiness within the Journey."
He is also open to refining his personal but won't be paying for any help.
"I think it's a rip-off," he said.
And Irby plans on keeping hers just the way it is.
"I know it sounds smart [alecky] but at least it sounds like me," she said.Hello Ashley E,
Welcome to Arabian Breeders Network. Please feel free to browse around and get to know others. If you have any questions please don't hesitate to ask.
Ashley E joined on the --.
View Ashley E's Profile
Welcome To Arabian Breeders Network: Ashley E
Started by WebMaster , Nov 24 2009 02:27 AM
No replies to this topicI got ssh in the box , tcpdump is not a default tool in monowall afaik? so
Ill try to add it in.
Regards,
Jurgen van Vliet
-----Original Message-----
From: Lee Sharp [mailto:leesharp at hal dash pc dot org]
Sent: vrijdag 30 juni 2006 7:46
To: m0n0wall at lists dot m0n0 dot ch
Subject: Re: [m0n0wall] Version 1.22 freeze
From: "Jurgen van Vliet" <jurgenvv at xs4all dot nl>
>I can add myself to the list of people with 1.22 freezing problems now.
> Maybe it's a good idea for everyone having this problem to list what
>they got enabled and what they got disabled, so maybe we can find a
>common factor and exclude some services/configurations.
Tried that. Not a big enough pool to tell us anything.
>.
You could do a slightly custom image, then run TCP dump, SSH to the box, and
tail it remotely. Actually, if anyone has a more elegant solution, I would
love it for a few other purposes.
Lee
---------------------------------------------------------------------
To unsubscribe, e-mail: m0n0wall dash unsubscribe at lists dot m0n0 dot ch
For additional commands, e-mail: m0n0wall dash help at lists dot m0n0 dot chCheck footage from Fabolous and Teyana Taylor’s “Fame And War” sneaker collection release in NYC from MyFabolousLife.
Video & Photos by Gerard Victor
Check footage from Fabolous and Teyana Taylor’s “Fame And War” sneaker collection release in NYC from MyFabolousLife.
Video & Photos by Gerard Victor
The black/”OG” edition of the “Aloysius” 33 High by Packer Shoes & Fabolous was designed to serve as a medal of honor for all of the bravery Patrick has displayed on the court and his formidable defense. Officially renamed and inspired by the original meaning of Ewing’s own middle name the shoe is.
Each pair of the black/OG “Aloysius” 33 High come packaged in a custom made black shoebox featuring the “Ewing Defence Regiment” and “Packer Shoes” Ewing-script logo with “OG” medal of honor ribbon printed wrapping paper. Printed on the underside of the top box lid we find the official presentation of this medal of honor to “Center Patrick Aloysius Ewing – Proudly Served”. Adding a final “style code” to the design details, are the “718” custom color coding for this particular pair which serves as an ode to Fabolous hometown of Brooklyn, NY which him and “The Family” defend to the fullest..
Fabolous & Teyana Taylor help designed the “Fame And War” collection for Ewing Athletics. Check out photos from the launch in NYC.
Photos via Instagram,Ilya S. Savenok, Jerrit Clark & Evan Pierce
Read the rest of this entry ».
What is the most amount of money you ever spent on sneakers?
Check another clip below.
Read the rest of this entry »
Pink Dolphin’s Spring 2015 Collection Part 2 goes on sale in stores and online March 14th. Check the slideshow for a preview of some of the collection.
Read the rest of this entry »
Ewing Athletics and Packer Shoes have have linked up with Teyana Talor and Fabolous for a special “Fame & War” Ewing 33 Hi Collection. Teyana’s sneakers features a gold and black design with her logo. Fabolous went with a black, red and green design. No word yet on prices nor release dates. Check the slideshow for more pics.
Photos via geminikeez
Read the rest of this entry »
Kanye West debuted his first line with Adidas today, the “Yeezy Season 1″ featured various clothes and the Yeezy 750 Boost. Check below from pictures and video from the fashion show.
Read the rest of this entry »
It appears Kanye West’s friend, Ibnjasper, got the greenligh to post pictures of the “Yeezy Boost.” The official announcement from Kanye West and Adidas will come next week. Check the slideshow for more pictures.
Photos via Ibnjasper
Read the rest of this entry »The roof was open, the air crisp, and the snow fake – it may not become a classic, in the truest sense of the word, but the National Hockey League’s Heritage Classic in Vancouver could become the trampoline for one of two struggling Canadian teams to make the uphill sprint for the postseason.
The Heritage Classic, which pits the Vancouver Canucks against the Ottawa Senators on Sunday at BC Place, is the last of six such outdoor spectacles that NHL has staged this season.
The game, however, is in part a sideshow to the bigger question of the future of the Vancouver Canucks, which made a major pivot this past week from a team aiming for the playoffs to one staring at a significant remake and rebuild, starting with reports of a potential trade of Ryan Kesler. Another pillar possibly on the block is Alex Edler.
And then there is Roberto Luongo, who even though he returned this year has never pictured himself finishing his hockey-playing days in a Canucks jersey. Luongo suffered what appears to be the latest diminution on Saturday, with hot backup Eddie Lack appearing set to start the Sunday afternoon game, though that had not been officially declared.
Speaking with reporters, Luongo said he had looked forward to this game all season and had always wanted to play in an outdoor game. He deflected questions of goalie controversy, the swirl that defined all of last season. Lack gave up one goal in 120 minutes of regulation play on Wednesday and Friday.
“I don’t want to go through this whole thing again,” said Luongo.
Thing is, three years after the Canucks nearly won the Stanley Cup, local fans have all but given up on this team. A local paper blared on its front page on Friday about how three-quarters of devotees have given up on this season. This jibes with the number-crunching at Sportsclubstats.com, which gives the Canucks and the Senators about a one-in-four chance to make the postseason.
It would be the first time in six years that Canucks owner, billionaire Francesco Aquilini, does not enjoy postseason gate receipts to bolster the Canucks bank account.
“Maybe this will help us,” said Canucks coach John Tortorella after a light practice at Noon PT Saturday, which followed a 2-1 Canucks loss to Minnesota at next-door Rogers Arena Friday night.
Tortorella hopes the atmosphere, the sense of a freer game of shinny and the outdoor elements will revive his team, which has returned from the Winter Olympics scoring just two goals in two games. The depth of the decline can be sketched in many ways, though perhaps none starker than to note that not one player on the Canucks first line – Henrik and Daniel Sedin, and Alex Burrows – has scored a goal in 2014.
“You can’t help but enjoy a situation like this,” said Tortorella of the novelty of a hockey game in a domed football stadium. He added that despite tinkering with lines earlier in the year, he is sticking by his top trio: “They feel the responsibility.”
As of early afternoon on Saturday, as the Canucks and their families skated, the setting appeared to be appropriately winter wonderland, even if the snow was in fact cotton and organizers struggled to sell some of the last thousands of tickets in the 50,000-plus capacity BC Place.
Less than 24 hours before the game, Ticketmaster warned there were “not many left” but a buyer could find six tickets in a row, near the bottom of the top section in a corner, at $188.20 per.
So with the less-than-marquee matchup, one can see how seats with a distant view priced at nearly $200 might not sell as easily as the latest version of the iPhone.
And while Saturday night’s penultimate outdoor game features two of the best at Soldier Field, the Chicago Blackhawks hosting the Pittsburgh Penguins, the Heritage Classic features two teams who are non-entities in discussions of hockey in May and June.
The Canucks and Senators square off Sunday at 1 p.m. PT, and for all of Vancouver’s well-chronicled problems, Ottawa’s in at least as much trouble, standing farther out of eighth place than Vancouver. The Senators, post Olympics, picked up right where they left off, getting beat up, this time by Detroit, 6-1 on Thursday.
The Canucks, meanwhile, managed to snap a seven-game losing streak on Wednesday, their worst slump in 15 years, but their inability to score (the win was booked with a 1-0 shutout of St. Louis) goes back to the winter of 2012.
The extended nuclear winter on the score sheet has girded fans for something new rather than more of the same. Kesler, this week voted most popular athlete in a local weekly, is beloved but fans know his departure might be the only ticket to a return to success in the near-ish future. So the story of Sunday really has little to do with who wins and is more prelude and pretty pictures for television ahead of the real Canucks news, if a Kesler move does in fact unfurl by Wednesday at 3 p.m. ET, the NHL trade deadline.Get your playoff teams right here!
Eight weeks to go, and the playoff picture is starting to take shape. Except, of course, in the NFC Least, uh, East, where anyone has a shot, even though only Dallas owns a winning record.
When New Year's rolls around, this is how each division will look.
___
AFC EAST
The Patriots (7-2) always win it and will do so again, despite being undermanned on both sides of the ball. Tom Brady and Bill Belichick are simply that good, and they'll find a way to get four or five more wins.
If the season ended today, the Jets (5-4) would get a wild-card berth, a mammoth achievement for coach Rex Ryan, whose offense wouldn't impress Pac-12 opponents. If New York continues its alternate wins and losses through December, that's 8-8, very impressive for this roster, but not good enough for the postseason.
Streaky Miami (4-4) also will wind up around .500, and Buffalo (3-5) will scare some teams, but will not qualify for the 14th straight season.
AFC NORTH
Unless the defending Super Bowl champion Ravens (3-5) find an offense, particularly a running game, very soon, they are toast. Quite possibly they are anyway with Cincinnati (6-3) a better all-around team, although losing star DT Geno Atkins hurts. This week's matchup at Baltimore will tell a lot.
Cleveland (4-5) has a solid defense and the most hope in years that a turnaround is coming despite uncertainty at quarterback.
Pittsburgh (2-6) is a shell of the contending Steelers teams, but can still be troublesome to division opponents.
AFC SOUTH
An Indy romp.
The Colts (6-2) have beaten San Francisco, Seattle and Denver, and while they could have some offensive issues without Reggie Wayne, they're the class here. Don't be surprised if they get a first-round playoff bye.
Tennessee (4-4) has a vastly improved defense and seems to be finding its running game with Chris Johnson. It also has two games left with the Colts, but a wild card should be its target.
Houston (2-6) was a mess even before coach Gary Kubiak fell ill, and could wind up using the rest of the season to sort out a muddled roster. But it has the division's best defensive player in J.J. Watt.
Jacksonville (0-8) is a real threat to go 0-16.
AFC WEST
The undefeated team isn't the favorite here.
Unless the Chiefs (9-0) sweep their two games with Denver (7-1), there will be doubters about them heading right into January. The offense is a bit pedestrian, but it doesn't do dumb things and has the kind of running game that prospers in winter. The defense is the league's best, a takeaway machine and intimidator.
Peyton Manning is guiding the Broncos on their record scoring pace with perhaps the best season of his brilliant career, surrounded by all kinds of talent. But the defense needs to pick it up, and coach John Fox has been sidelined by heart surgery.
Either Kansas City or Denver will win this division and have the AFC's best record. The other could have 13 wins be a wild card.
Also-ran San Diego (4-4) is as inconsistent as anyone. So is Oakland (3-5).
NFC EAST
The less said, the better.less.
NFC WEST
Ah, the best race of all, between Seattle (8-1) and San Francisco (6-2).
Bitter rivals from the coaches on down, and two of the NFL's most physical teams, it would be great to see them meet not only on Dec. 8 in Candlestick Park, but in the postseason. The Saints might have a say in that, but a Seahawks-Niners title game matchup would be, well, super.
Arizona (4-4) has quietly become competitive again and has a shot at .500. The Rams (3-6), without QB Sam Bradford, are headed for the basement.
Online:
©
The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published,
broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Learn more about our Privacy Policy andHip-Hop Gospel singer LeCrae took a few moments from his busy schedule to talk with me about the whirlwind year. Hip-Hop has always been pigeon holed as an instrument born of the streets and ugliness. LeCrae sees it as an opportunity to serve Christ with beauty.
Along the way, like many in the inner city, he took to rapping as a way of communicating his thoughts. It wasn’t until after high school that his hobby became a passion and Jesus Christ redeemed his Hip-Hop background.
E8:.”
E8..
E8: You have had a great run with your album. “Rehab” has been on the Billboard Albums Charts for 23 weeks. It hit #1 and remains in the Top 10. What do you want to do next?
LeCrae: “I’m writing a book and will hopefully continue inspiring people all over the world.”
E8: You are very conscious of the meaning of your Christian calling. What are you working on? Is there a charity that you are working on or trying to raise awareness for?
LeCrae: “Well, I’ve been doing international missions for 6 years. I had a
mentor years back who taught me the value of seeing the whole world and being concerned for it. I’m also passionate for the disenfranchised, urban communities, and less fortunate. I’ve created a foundation called We are Unashamed, which sends students to school, restores hurting communities, and supports local churches too.”
E8: Each day we look to garner strength from someone Who is your well of strength? Who inspires you?
LeCrae: “People who have stuck to their vision and mission no matter what. They inspire me. The people who wake up to non-glamorous lives to continue
pushing to do what God has called them to do.”
E8: Your life is busy with touring, charity work and ministering. How do you maintain your spiritual life?
LeCrae: “Study the bible regularly, meet with older wiser mentors weekly, and
keep a group of guys in my life who challenge me spiritually. That keeps me moving.”
E8: Health is important.We as African Americans need to take that seriously. How do you maintain your health? Do you have a diet regimen or work out regimen?
LeCrae: “I try to hit the gym at least 3 times a week. I run a mile and hit the weights; I also eat a lot of organics and stay away from too much fast food.”
E8: Finally, what would you like your fans to know?
LeCrae: “That they matter. That they are Gods masterpieces, created for the
purposes that God has already mapped out. If we continue to stay
focused on our mission and not get sidetracked with everything else we
stand a chance at really changing this world.”
A graduate of University of North Texas, LeCrae now resides in Memphis, TN with his wife and children where his passion for affecting urban culture persists. His hope is that he will be able to encourage, inspire and spread far beyond simply the music and into the lives of individuals across the world, ultimately exalting Jesus Christ.
For more from Oretha Winston follow her on twitter @elev_8Oretha OR @brooklynoam
Related StoriesAnything Tony Horwitz writes is a trip ... no pun intended. I love seeing new places through the eyes of someone else. He can be laugh out loud.Published 2 months ago by Joan Altgelt
Engaging , clever , interesting. Horowitz is one of a kind. His works are quite unique. His views are fascinating and informative, a true genius.Published 20 months ago by Donald Antaky
Really enjoyed this book. Having lived and traveled in the Middle East for 18 years, I could imagine myself in the same "misadventures". Great read!Published 22 months ago by C. Gonz
Tony Horwitz has created a miasma that can only be compared to an Abbot and Costello movie from the 1940s. Read morePublished 22 months ago by Larry Rochelle
I have not yet read it so can not judge it. Have been told it is good. I can tell you laterPublished 23 months ago by margaret
Baghdad Without A Map is the first book by American journalist and writer, Tony Horwitz. This book describes Horwitz's experiences with the locals in various Middle East countries... Read morePublished on January 29,In-Season Sports
- Baseball
- Softball
- Boys Lacrosse
- Girls Lacrosse
- Boys Track
- Girls Track
- Boys Golf
- Girls Golf
- Boys Tennis
- Boys Volleyball
- Wrestling
- Football
Register now for free, or sign in with any of these services:
There are no current photos for Plainfield (61) at Union (106), but be the first to upload your Plainfield (61) at Union (106) photo(s) here!Coelacanth - astonishing find The first
coelacanths fish specimen species
The coelacanth (Latimeria chalumnae) is the only living representative of an ancient order of fishes, until recently thought to have become extinct 70 million years ago, at about the same time as the dinosaurs. In 1938, however, scientists were astonished when living coelacanths were discovered (this is described later).
The coelacanth is a sarcoptergian, or lobe-finned fish, distantly related to the lungfish. However, unlike other bony fishes, the pectoral and pelvic fins of the coelacanth are muscular, and even leg-like in appearance. (The evolutionary ancestor of amphibians, and thus of all land-dwelling animals, had fins similar to those of the coelacanth.) The fins are able to move over 180°, allowing the fish to swim forwards, backwards, and even upside down. While swimming, the coelacanth moves its fins like a quadrupedal land animal moves its legs while walking: the front left and right rear fins move in unison, and the front right and left rear do the same.
The bluish body of the coelacanth is covered with thick scales that are unique to the order. Its jaws are strong. A few specimens have been found with lantern-fish in their stomach, indicating that the coelacanth is predatory in its feeding habits. The retina of its eyes has a reflective layer (similar to that of cats) that helps it see in dimly lit waters.
Most of what we know about coelacanths has come from the study of dead specimens. Some of the first females to be dissected were found to contain several baseball-sized eggs that lacked a shell or hard case. Although it had been hypothesized that fossil coelacanths bore their young alive, this was not conclusively demonstrated until 1975, when a female specimen at the American Museum of Natural History was dissected and five perfectly shaped fetuses were discovered. Each was about 14 in (35
A coelacanth (Latimeria chalumnae) preserved specimen.
Little is known about the ecology of the coelacanth. In 1987, marine biologist Hans Fricke managed to film coelacanths in their deep-water environment off the Comoros Islands in the Indian Ocean. Not only did his team observe the unusual swimming gait described above, but they also saw coelacanths doing "headstands" when the researchers triggered an electronic lure. The coelacanth has an organ between its nostrils called the rostral organ, which is believed to detect the electrical field of prey, as the ampullae of Lorenzini do in sharks. Fricke's research strengthened the evidence that the rostral organ of coelacanths is an electrical sensor.
A living coelacanth first came to the attention of science in 1938. At the time, a young biologist named Majorie Courteney-Latimer was the curator of a small natural history museum in South Africa. Because the museum was new, she had been given freedom to decide the direction its collections would take, and she chose to focus on marine life. Local fishermen often brought her unusual fish from their catches. One day, Capt. Hendrik Goosen contacted Courteney-Latimer, saying he had several fish she might be interested in. When she got to the dock, there was a pile of sharks waiting for her. But buried in the pile was a blue fish unlike any she'd ever seen. This one she took back with her to the museum.
The specimen was large, nearly 5 ft (1.5 m) in length, and far too big to fit into the museum's freezer. Desperate to preserve the fish against the hot South African weather, Courteney-Latimer asked a local hospital if she could keep it in their morgue, but was refused. Finally, she managed to get it to a taxidermist.
Knowing that the strange fish was unique, Courteney-Latimer wrote to L.B.J. Smith, an expert on South African fish. Smith recognized the fish as a coelacanth from a sketch provided by Courteney-Latimer. He was able to learn a great deal from the mounted specimen (he dissected one side of it). He then published a notice in the prestigious journal Nature, which announced to the world that coelacanths still existed.
This notice also gave Smith the right to name the new species. He chose to name the genus Latimeria in honor of Courteney-Latimer, and the species chalumnae after the river near which Goosen had caught the fish.
Fourteen years passed before another coelacanth turned up, despite Smith's peppering the eastern coast of Africa with posters describing the coelacanth and offering a reward. Eventually, in 1952, a second coelacanth was caught near the Comoro Islands in the Indian Ocean, many miles from where the first specimen had been caught off eastern South Africa. Smith thought that the second specimen represented another species, which he named Malania anjouanae. However, later scientists deduced that Malania was actually another specimen of Latimeria.
Since that second specimen, more than 200 additional coelacanths have been caught. Many of these are now in research collections, particularly in France, which had ruled the Comoros as a colonial power. Most coelacanths have been caught by local fishermen, using a handline from a dugout canoe. Unfortunately, the hooked fish quickly die, because of the great pressure difference between its deepwater habitat and the surface.
Some people have thought that catching a live coelacanth to display in an aquarium would be a good idea. Others, including Hans Fricke, have objected to this possibility, arguing that the numbers of coelacanths already taken from its small population have adversely affected the species. Part of the problem is that these animals only bear a few live young at a time, so their fecundity is highly limited and cannot sustain much mortality. Because of these objections, the American and British aquariums that had been considering an expedition to capture a breeding pair of coelacanths changed their minds. An Asian aquarium that did mount such an expedition was unable to capture any live fish.
The coelacanth is protected under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES). However, interest in this unusual fish continues and appears to have created a black market in coelacanth specimens. Unless the government of the Comoro Islands decides to vigorously preserve the endangered coelacanth, instead of allowing continued exploitation, the future of this "living fossil" is not encouraging.
As was just described, living coelacanths were only known from cold, dark waters 1,300-2,000 ft (400-600 m) deep off the Comoro Islands, near the northern tip of Madagascar. Remarkably, however, in 1998 another population of coelacanths was discovered in deep water off the Indonesian island of Sulawesi. Incredibly, the extremely rare fish was incidentally noticed in a local village market by an American zoologist, Mark Erdmann, who was on a honeymoon vacation. The two known populations of coelacanths are located 7,000 mi (11,200 km) apart, and are likely different species. Essentially nothing is known yet about the behavior, ecology, or abundance of the newly discovered population of coelacanths.
F. C. Nicholson
almost 7 years ago
Astonishing! The info. is great! I got a lot down for my animal report, actually, I filled out the whole thingfor the facts about the coelcanth! Thanks! The information is awesome!As Fast Food Workers Walked Off the Job, Giant Industry Lobbying Groups Tried To Convince Us How Awful a Living Wage Would Be
A makes a staggering $150 a week. Meanwhile in an alternate, much plusher universe, several juggernaut industry lobbying groups waged a media blitzkreig, claiming that low wages are good for people like Batts. In fact, they argued, raising the minimum wage to $15 or even $10 an hour would hurt her and other "low-skilled workers" by denying them "the opportunity to get a job and receive 'on the job' training."
See also: Fast Food Workers Clog the Streets of Lower Manhattan for Fair Wages and Union Rights
"What fresh shovelful of bullshit is this?", I hear you asking. Great question. Hold your nose and follow me.
There are lots of companies who are threatened by the fast food workers' strikes, and those workers' sudden insistence on crazy luxuries like "union rights" and "non-poverty wages." McDonald's was very quiet yesterday, as was Burger King and Wendy's; none of the three bothered to issue press releases on the strike, although McDonald's did tell Salon, "The story promoted by the individuals organizing these events does not provide an accurate picture of what it means to work at McDonald's." Good to know: do not ask McDonald's workers what it's like to work at McDonald's anymore.
But three lobbying groups were happy to do the dirty work for the fast food companies, spending all day yesterday tweeting frenziedly, issuing press releases and dismissive statements about how paying these people more will ruin America. Those groups are the National Federation of Independent Business, the National Retail Federation and the National Restaurant Association. All three of them pour millions into lobbying your lawmakers each year, and they all had some really creative arguments why a higher wage for fast food workers is just unthinkable. (Some conservative think tanks also chimed in, like the Employment Policies Institute, who ran this WSJ ad threatening fast food workers with replacement by robots.)
The National Federation of Independent Business likes to masquerade as a humble assistance group for small business owners. In fact, they spent more than $47 million on lobbying last year, and donated some $14 million to politicians, 90 percent of them Republicans and most of them at the federal level. Based in Tennessee, but with offices in D.C., the NFIB concern themselves with any proposed legislation they think is a threat to "free enterprise." And lately, Obamacare and a higher minimum wage are public enemies number one and two. They've argued against raising the minimum wage at all, even to $8.50, saying, basically, that keeping wages in proportion with the cost of living is a crippling burden the U.S. economy cannot bear.
To that end, the group had lots of fun promoted tweets yesterday, ones that often showed up when I searched for "minimum wage," " living wage," or "fast food strike." Here's one that showed up in my timeline frequently:
Raising the #MinimumWage will Hurt Consumers— NFIB (@NFIB) August 29, 2013
Fast food workers, according to the logic of NFIB chief economist and unbelievable name-haver Bill Dunkelberg, aren't "consumers." (How can they be? They don't make any goddamn money.) Therefore, anything that's good for them hurts the economy. The NFIB also argues that raising the minimum wage would deny low-wage workers that 'on the job' training that they would somehow, mystifyingly, not be able to get if they were paid a decent living.
Best of all, they claimed that most minimum-wage workers are from "above median-income families," "kids, students and so on" as Dunkelberg put it. In the fast food industry, that was true in the early '90s, when Bill Dunkelberg last bought a suit, but decidedly isn't the case anymore. Thirty-six percent of all fast food workers are aged 25 to 54, according to an analysis of government data for the Center For Economic Policy and Research, a progressive think tank. The analysts also found that most workers have a high school degree or higher.
The National Retail Federation and the National Restaurant Association -- both of whom spend similarly staggering amounts on lobbying and politician-buying -- also took the same sort of tack. The Restaurant Association told NBC News that only "five percent" of fast food workers earn the minimum wage, which is sort of true: the median wage for all food preparation workers is a whopping $8.78, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, which, yes, technically is above minimum wage. Barely. Excellent semantics.
The National Retail Federation, meanwhile, focused on the fact that labor union SEIU is backing the protests. In a statement, Executive Director Rob Green said, in part, "A few scattered protests organized by outside labor groups hardly amounts to a nationwide 'strike' or movement," adding:
Beyond teen-agers and some part-timers, most restaurant workers make more than minimum wage, and can work their way up to management-level and corporate-level positions that provide rewarding career paths. These orchestrated 'strikes' and walkouts create headlines but do nothing to foster serious discussion about effective policies to create jobs in today's still-struggling economy.
The best way to "foster serious discussion," of course, is to ignore the country's low-wage workers when they take to the streets. That always turns out well.
Sponsor ContentCoaching Wire: Week of April 14-20
[dropcap]S[/dropcap]cott Stoker, defensive coordinator and linebackers coach FCS member Sam Houston State, has accepted the defensive coordinator job at UTEP. Stoker replaces Jeff Choate as the Miners’ defensive coordinator. Choate was hired by Will Muschamp at Florida as outside linebackers and special teams coach on Wednesday.
Stoker is in his fifth season with the Bearkats and led a Bearkat defense that led the Southland Conference in rushing defense, total defense and pass efficiency defense in 2012. His 2011 defense finished the season ranked No. 1 nationally in rushing defense, No. 2 in scoring defense and turnover margin and No. 3 in total defense (No. 3) and pass efficiency defense. Sam Houston played in the FCS national championship game both season.
Before Sam Houston, Stoker was head coach at FCS member Northwestern State (La.) for seven seasons. He also played quarterback there from 1986-89. His father, Butch Stoker, was one Louisiana’s most successful high school coaches during a 33-year career at Alexandria High School.
* Daniel Ifft, who played at Ball State and was a grad assistant at Toledo, was hired as an off-field recruiting assistant at Michigan. He started his new job on Monday.
* Texas hired Riley Dodge in an offensive quality control role. Dodge actually committed to the Longhorns as a wide receiver recruit out of high school but wound up signing with North Texas, where his father, Todd Dodge (a former Texas QB) was head coach. He was a GA at Texas A&M last season.
* Illinois‘ Tim Beckman named Matt Sinclair, a former Illini linebacker, was named assistant director of player personnel and relations. Sinclair spent last four years as co-defensive coordinator, linebackers, and special teams coach at Wheaton Warrenville South High School in Wheaton, Ill. Mike Bellamy, who previously held the position, was promoted to wide receivers coach in February.
FCS
* First-year Delaware coach Dave Brock has completed his 2013 staff with the hiring of Tom McEntire as safeties coach. Brock and McIntire worked together on Kyle Flood’s Rutgers staff last season where McIntire was an off-field defensive assistant. McEntire has seven years of coaching experience at the FBS, FCS, and D-III levels, including a year at fellow CAA member Maine.
* Savannah State fired head coach Steve Davenport and his staff. Davenport was 2-20 in two seasons. Cornerbacks coach Corey Barlow, a former All-American at Auburn, was the only staff member retained. He was named interim head coach.
* Brian Bohannon, the former Georgia Tech assistant hired last month to launch the Kennesaw State program, named normer Carroll (Ga.) Central High head coach Grant Chesnut was named offensive coordinator and offensive line coach. Liam Klein and Shane Bowen, who worked with Bohannon at Tech in off-field roles, will also join the Bohannon’s staff in undetermined roles.
* Mickey Joseph, starting quarterback on three Big Eight title-winning teams at Nebraska, has been named wide receivers coach at Alcorn State. Joseph was head coach at NAIA Langston University in Langston, Okla. the past two seasons. At the college level, he’s had coaching stints at Central Oklahoma, Alabama State, Tulane, Wayne State College.
D-II
* Sam Perryman has been named wide receivers coach at Lenoir-Rhyne in Hickory, N.C. Perryman was secondary coach at D-II Lock Haven (Pa.) University in 2012. Before that, he spent two years at D-II Beloit (Wis.) as defensive coordinator (2011) and defensive line coach and recruiting coordinator (2010).
* Tripp Merritt, who was hired in February, was also announced as Lenoir-Rhyne’s secondary coach. Merritt was head coach at Davidson for the past eight seasons, and was defensive coordinator there for seven seasons before that.
D-III
* Doug Semones, first-year head coach at Occidental College in Los Angeles, has announced his staff. On offense, former Cal Lutheran o-line coach Brian Smith was named offensive line coach and offensive coordinator, while Darnell Arceneaux will coach quarterbacks, Don Nelson will be running backs coach and Richard Brown will lead the wide receivers. Smith was an offensive lineman at Hawaii while Semones was an assistant there, and Arcenaux was quarterback the Arena League’s Hawaii Islanders while Semones was the team’s defensive and special teams coordinator.
Semones leads a defensive staff that will include Justin Luthey, the defensive line coach, recruiting coordinator and director of football operations; Kevin May, linebackers coach and strength and conditioning coach; and Rob Hartenfels, defensive backs coach and video coordinator. Matt Anderson, a former Oxy football and baseball player, will stay on as a strength and conditioning coach.
* Rick Willis, head coach at Wartburg College in Waverly, Ia., promoted Chris Winter, an assistant for the Knights since 2005, to assistant head coach. Winter will retain his title as the program’s defensive coordinator. Willis hired former Augustana linebackers coach Andrew Hawken was hired in the same capacity. Hawken replaces Scott Power. Nathan Roach is Wartburg’s new running backs coach. He spent the last three seasons at Northwest Missouri State, where he coached the running backs and the wide receivers.
* Calvin Gibson is the new wide receivers coach at Capital University in Bexley, Ohio. Gibson is a former player at NAIA Shorter University in Rome, Ga. and was a GA there last year.Weather update for those at or coming to the Firestone Grand Prix of St. Petersburg Saturday Afternoon
ST. PETERSBURG, FL, March 29 at 2:53 p.m. - We are working on a revised schedule with shortened sessions, which will begin as soon as weather permits. We are still on standby due to inclement weather.
When the weather lets up, we will begin letting people in through the gates. Right now we are still in evacuation procedures.
Thank you for your continued patience!Pad:
- Writing news, product and personnel releases.
- Providing research.
- Supporting onsite events.
- Coordinating vendors.
- Creating and editing media lists.
- Making media-verification calls.
- Organizing clips.
- Tracking incoming trade publications.
Candidates must have excellent writing skills and media relations experience, as well as one or two previous internships or volunteer experiences in public relations, journalism or marketing communications.
Padilla is a multispecialty firm with experts in integrated marketing communications, corporate reputation, investor relations, employee communications and crisis/critical issues management. We serve clients from a variety of industries, including agriculture, consumer products, financial services, health care, manufacturing, retail and technology.
Padilla is an employee-owned firm and Equal Opportunity Employer. We offer an exceptional work environment and benefits, which contributed to our recognition as the nation’s “Top Agency to Work For” in 2010. We’re a founding partner of the Worldcom Public Relations Group, a consortium of 100 independently owned partner offices in 133 cities on six continents..Set of 50 Candlelight White Clear Satin C5 Christmas Lights - White Wire
Product Features:
Color: candlelight white clear bulbs / white wire
Candlelight lights consist of a mix of warm clear and pure white
Bulb size: C5 light covers over micro bulbs
Light covers securely screw on and off
Beautiful satin like finish
Number of bulbs on string: 50
Spacing between each bulb: 4"
Lighted length: 17.5'
Total length: 18.5'
6" lead cord
Note: Color changes are not sequential, they are random throughout the stringSKU: VICKERMAN X13W401
In Stock: 31
Retail:
$29.99
Price: $14.99Monday, March 06, 2006
Past Due
Our little guy was due yesterday. Didn't show. He now makes my wife's stomach very lobsided. At times squarish like regifted package that was never opened. My wife is disappointed and can't wait for our little kicker to get off her pubic bone. Me, it buys a few more days to get ready, arrange furniture, prepare more to be off at work, and bone up on baby procedures. Our guy was suppose to be born the same day as one of my guy friends. A sigh of relief for that -- love my friend --but way too neurotic, way way too neurotic. No being born under the weight of unrealistic expectations in the fourth phase of worry. Let him blaze his own trail.
1 comment:
We're thinking of you guys, and hoping for the best. We can't wait till The Pumpkin has a new playmate! Hope you got your lesson plans done. :)Events Calendar
Currently Browsing:
Events for Prospective StudentsSee events for all groups (clear "Prospective Students")
May 2014
Thursday, October 30th
- 6:00 pm - Spirit of Sage, 2014 River Cruise
November 2014
Saturday, November 1st
- 11:00 am - Saturday Visit Day
- 10:00 pm - Late Night Sage/Murder Mystery 14
Monday, March 2nd
- 8:00 am - RSC Commuter Coffee Hour
- 8:30 am - SCA: Twitter Scavenger Hunt
- 7:00 pm - i.Think Creativity Lab
- 7:00 pm - 2015 Nutrition Lecture: Eating for One, Feeding Trillions: Gut Bacteria and Your Health
Friday, March 27th
- 3:00 pm - Sage College of Albany Accepted Student Weekend (Invite Only)
- 5:00 pm - Troy Night Out
- 7:00 pm - Staged Reading: Beast on the Moon
Monday, March 30th
- 9:00 am - SCA: Commuter Relations - Coffee Hour
Tuesday, March 31st
April 2015
Wednesday, April 1st
- 1:00 pm - WORLD Series- Medusa Presents, "Wild Women of Poetry"
- 3:30 pm - Sage Softball vs. New Paltz
- 4:00 pm - Sage Men's Tennis vs. MSMC
Thursday, April 2
- 8:00 am - RSC Commuter Coffee Hour
- 12:00 pm - SCA: Commuter Relations - $2 All You Can Eat Pizza
- 7:00 pm - i.Think Creativity Lab
Tuesday, April 7th
Wednesday, April 8th
Thursday, April 9th
Saturday, April 11th
- 7:00 am - RSC & SCA: Boston Trip
- 1:00 pm - Sage Women's Lacrosse vs. Farmingdale State
- 1:00 pm - Sage Softball vs. St. Joseph's College (DH)
- 1:00 pm - Sage Men's Tennis vs. Farmingdale State
Sunday, April 12th
- 12:00 pm - Sage's Softball vs. Purchase College (DH)
Tuesday, April 14th
Wednesday, April 15th
Thursday, April 16th
- 10:00 am - SCA: Red Cross Blood Drive
- 4:00 pm - Sage Men's Tennis vs. MCLA
- 6:00 pm - Dr. Cosimo Tangorra (SGS ’14): Current Trends in New York State Education
- 7:00 pm - Poetry Slam w/ David Romero
Friday, April 17th
Saturday, April 18th
Sunday, April 19th
Monday, April 20th
Saturday, April 25th
Sunday, April 26th
- 12:00 pm - Russell Sage College Spring Open House
- 12:00 pm - Sage College of Albany Spring Open House
- 2:00 pm - The Theatre Institute Presents: Spring Awakening
Monday, April 27th
- 9:00 am - SCA: Commuter Relations - Coffee Hour
Wednesday, April 29th
- 6:00 pm - Senior Class Alumni Reception
- 7:00 pm - RSC- Senior Class Dinner
Thursday, April 30th
- 3:00 pm - SCA: Spring Carnival
- 6:30 pm - Artist Lecture Series: Jenny Kemp
- 7:00 pm - RSC- Therapy Dogs
- 1:00 pm - RSC- Class Day
Monday, May 4th
- RSC Reading Days
- 1:00 pm - Art Exhibit: Spring Ahead
- 4:30 pm - RSC-Honors Convocation
- 8:00 pm - SCA: Cram Jam
- 11:00 pm - RSC- 11th Hour PancakesWe're sorry, Tea Party Bracelet Making Kit is no longer available Why not try one of these instead? Friendship Bracelet Kit by all things Brighton beautiful £9.95$19.94€14.06$15.79 Personalised Girl's Jewellery Making Kit Sale by The Little Picture Company £9.95$19.94€14.06$15.79 Decoupage Necklace Craft Kit by SewSister £15$30.06€21.20$23.81 Blueberry Bracelet Kit by Nest £8.95$17.93€12.65$14.20 Tea Party Bracelet Making Kit by red berry apple £12$24.05€16.96$19.05 This item is no longer available £18.50$37.07€26.15$29.37 delivery to United States - Receive this item 5-10 working days from dispatch International delivery available set of 3 pliersset of 3 pliers (required)no thank you yes please (+ £9)set of 3 pliers (required)no thank you yes please (+ $18.03)set of 3 pliers (required)no thank you yes please (+ €12.72)set of 3 pliers (required)no thank you yes please (+ $14.28) we're sorry we're sorry, This item is no longer available buy a gift voucher related categories home > interests & hobbies > creative kits & experiences > jewellery-making kits & experiences by red berry apple Location: Renfrewshire, GB read seller's profile see seller's complete range more items from this seller Beautiful Toadstool Bracelet Making Kit £12$24.05€16.96$19.05 Personalised Thank You Owl Gift Bag £3$6.01€4.24$4.76 Hen Night Personalised Party, Favour Bags £3$6.01€4.24$4.76 Children's Personalised Dressing Up Cape £29.99$60.10€42.40$47.61 Jute Bag £7.50$15.03€10.60$11.90 Personalised Wooden Hanging Heart £6.50$13.02€9.19$10.31 view all you may also like PRODUCT DETAILS DELIVERY RETURNS ask seller a question A beautiful bracelet making kit in a tea party theme. Ever wanted to try making your own jewellery or know someone who has? This jewellery making craft kit include colourful beads in shades of pink,silver and enamel charms along with a pre made chain which can be cut to size. Also included are the jump rings and headpin to attach the beads as well as full instructions. Great birthday gift idea for someone who is interested in jewellery making or who loves fun colourful pieces. Please note you will require flat pliers, round pliers and a set of cutters to make the bracelet, these are available to buy separatley. Other styles are available please see sellers full range. made from: Metal, enamel. dimensions: Charms product code: 236159 This product is dispatched to you by red berry apple.My Melody Melamine Fork: Friends
Item # 83467-201307
It's mealtime with this My Melody Melamine Fork! This fork is light and strong, perfect... more details
$7.00
Description:
It's mealtime with this My Melody Melamine Fork! This fork is light and strong, perfect for kids. The print features My Melody and her friends Piano, Flat, Kuma, Risu, Zou, Araiguma, Tori, Harinezumi and Kangaroo. Make any occasion special with this My Melody fork!
Specifications:
- 1"H x 8"W x 1"D
- Melamine
- Do not expose to temperatures over 100 C or below -30 C
- Not microwave safe
- Not recommended for dishwasher (hand wash only to avoid design rubbing off)
Please review our terms of use for posting.alarm clock abacus abacus, briefcase abacus, lock accounting achievement audit bar graph with pen and calculator business business concepts business woman businessman calculator calculator lock calculator paper balls calculator stock and share calculator, clock hands calculator, lock clock computers debt dominoes due finance financial graph with pen and calculator light bulb light bulb calculator lightbulb calculator lock lock, stock listings numbers paying bills pencil, calculator pencils calculator pi skeleton key, abacus stock market taxes
search tips
Artist LoginTV Academy Honors June Foray
NoHo Arts District, CA -- The Academy of Television Arts & Sciences Board of Governors has voted to bestow its prestigious Governors Award this year to prolific and Emmy Award-winning voice actress June Foray..
.
Created in 1978, the Governors Award salutes an individual, company or organization that has made a substantial impact and demonstrated the extraordinary use of television. A Governors Award Selection Committee presents up to seven candidates for the Board of Governors' review and final vote. There is a possibility of one or no award every year. The award will be presentedThe Wealth Management Association (WMA) is calling for differentiation in legislation between retail and wholesale financial markets, alongside a Europe-wide review on retail consumer protection.
As part of the review, the trade body says it is necessary to set out a framework of 'common principles' or ethics, 'based on best practice'.
Tim May (pictured), head of the WMA, expressed the need to renew EU commitment to the Financial Services Action Plan (FSAP) by launching a revised plan that 'respects different national characteristics of retail markets and promotes high standards of consumer protection in financial services across the EU'.
'Now is the ideal time for the EU to renew its commitment to the original FSAP of 1999. This plan formalised the creation of a single market rulebook for wholesale financial services and recognised the local nature of retail investment services.
'Time and time again, over the past 15 years we have seen legislation that has failed to differentiate between these markets, creating legislation that undermines the investment culture of member states.
He added: 'We believe our policies are sensible and provide an excellent starting point for the new Parliament and Commissioners to take forward over the next legislative session.'
In the same message, the trade body also reiterated the need for a greater role for national parliaments, and asked the next EU Parliament to employ directives, 'not regulations', when it comes to formulating or adjusting retail financial services law.
This, the WMA said, would allow a role for national parliaments to have more control of consumer protection 'closer to the people and markets that they serve'.
The WMA’s deputy chief executive John Barrass said the markets needed to take stock and see EU rules work 'before we even think of passing through more rules'.
'Revisions are still being made to the likes of PRIIPs and MiFID II, while the Fourth Anti-Money Laundering Directive, the Financial Transaction Tax and Benchmarking rules remain incomplete. The EU should prioritise better enforcement before beginning to look at new laws.'RELATED ARTICLES
- CBSE board 12th class result to be announced soon
- Molestation case: CBSE to seek school's explanation
- CBSE wants court order for change of name, date of birth
- CBSE results to be out next week
- Irregularities in CBSE pre-medical test comes under SC scrutiny
- Don’t go for CBCS without adequate teachers facilities
Recent Messages ()LG Optimus Zip Manual L75C
- Details
- Parent Category: Cell Phone
- Created on 31 August 2012
- Published on 31 August 2012
- Written by Administrator
- Hits: 5494
Here is LG Optimus Zip manual can be downloaded here if you are the owner of Smart Phone LG Optimus Zip or LG L75C and looking for this instruction guide of this Smart Phone. We have the information about instruction guide that directly come from the original website. Not just the download link but We also give you the information about manual that is summarized on review and also its download. This LG Optimus Zip comes in pdf format file. You have to read this owner manual in order to know about information to operate or configure your Smart Phone such as Accessing Settings, Connecting to FTP, Exporting contacts, Easy Personalization, turn on the phone, Easy Personalization, open the Camera application, Exporting contacts and many more about other information here.
In this LG Optimus Zip guide you can find table content such as we provide below.
- Getting to know your phone
- Google Account Setup : Setting up, your Google Account and Your Google Account.
- Your Home screen : Touchscreen tips, Home screen panels and Applications: How to View, Open and Switch.
- Calls/Contacts : To open the Phone application, To place a call by dialing and Answering and rejecting a call.
- Messaging : Messaging and To send a text message.
- The Web : Browser
- Camera : Getting to know the viewfinder
- Bluetooth : How to send data from your phone via Bluetooth
- Settings
You can get download the LG Optimus Zip Manual, driver, setup, troubleshooting and etc here.
Manual View LG Optimus Zip
You can view first before get the pdf
Get your pdf here
Optimus Zip Download Area
Get Download Area for more file such as, software, firmware, driver, smart phone suite, etc here
We do not have any responsibility for the content as we describe on our desclimer. You can read the disclaimer for more information. LG Optimus Zip Manual comes from LG Website for free download.
Comment for LG Optimus Zip Manual L75C :
RSS feed for comments to this postHuman Rights Watch is gaining more recognition and support in Saudi Arabia and the Arab world. During their recent visit to the Kingdom, senior members of the organization were given a welcoming dinner in Riyadh hosted by prominent businessman and intellectual Emad bin Jameel Al-Hejailan.Apparently improving HRW's image in Saudi Arabia was contingent on talking about all of the reports it had published about Israel. Which of course is understandable: after all, Whitson was in Saudi Arabia to get funding--and appearances of propriety be damned.
Other prominent members of Saudi society, human rights activists and dignitaries were invited to the dinner held to honor the guests..
I discussed Whitson's claims and those of Human Rights Watch head Ken Roth about the trip here. Needless to say, the stunt was an embarrassment, exposing as it did the lack of neutrality and objectivity that one assumes such NGO's have.
But that didn't stop Whitson from paying a friendly visit to Hamas:
A May 19, 2010 news item on the website of Hamas’ Central Commission for Documentation and Pursuit of Israeli War Criminals summarized a visit between Hamas “Injustice” Minister Faraj Alghoul, and Whitson and HRW Researcher Bill Van Esveld. According to the account, Alghoul expressed “his hope” that HRW “will commit to neutrality and objectivity,” while remarking that HRW’s reports equate “between the executioner and the victim.” In response, Whitson stressed that “the reason behind coming to Gaza despite the difficulties they faced is to listen to all parties directly so she will prepare more objective and impartial reports.” Whitson closed the meeting by thanking “Alghoul for his clarifications and emphasized that she will take these clarifications seriously and their next report will be about the Israeli violations as the Israeli illegal settlement which is against the international law.”Whitson claimed that while getting money from Saudi Arabia, she spoke to them about human rights abuses. May we also assume that she spoke to Hamas about rockets that are still being fired into Israel? Did she insist on meeting the kidnap hostage Gilad Shalit, who is being held without being allowed visitation by the International Red Cross?
Or was she just too busy reassuring Hamas about the reports that Human Rights Watch was going to write about Israel.
Technorati Tag: Sarah Leah Whitson and Human Rights Watch and Hamas and HRW.
.”
EA interferes with our endocrine system, a complex signaling network that is made up of glands (the thyroid) as well as glandular tissue and cells within organs (testes, ovaries, pancreas, etc). Our endocrine systems use hormones that send signals to our various organs and tissues that work over minutes, hours, weeks, and years. The processes these hormones regulate include metabolism, growth and development, and sexual reproduction. As hormones travel in the blood to reach each body part, the specific molecular shape of each hormone fits like a key-in-a-lock into receptors on target tissues. Endocrine disrupting chemicals may interfere with, block, or mimic the action of our hormones. As a result, EA and endocrine disruptors have been linked in hundreds of studies to brain development problems, breast and prostate cancer, birth defects, learning and behavioral problems in children, early onset of puberty, and obesity.
Manufacturers are now flaunting their “BPA free” versions of products as though they are safe and free of toxins—but it turns out BPA is possibly just the tip of the iceberg. Bisphenol S, or BPS, is another chemical that manufacturers are using to replace BPA and it may be just as harmful. In a study this year in Environmental Science and Technology, researchers, the authors found BPS present in 16 types of paper products, including thermal receipts, paper currencies, flyers, magazines, newspapers, food contact papers, airplane luggage tags, printing paper, paper towels, and toilet paper. The thermal receipt paper samples contained concentrations of BPS that were similar to the concentrations of BPA reported earlier and raised alarm for some scientists. BPS was also detected in 87 percent of currency bill samples. The authors write that several other related compounds are also used to replace BPA: bisphenol B, bisphenol F, and bisphenol AF. BPA and BPS are found in high concentrations in canned foods, BPF has been found in surface water, sewage sludge, and sediments, and BPB was found in human serum in Italy. “Limited studies have shown that BPS, BPB, and BPF possess acute toxicity, genotoxicity, and estrogenic activity, similar to BPA,” the authors write, adding that, “The environmental biodegradation rates of BPS and BPB were similar to or less than those of BPA. Although considerable controversy still surrounds the safety of BPA, the potential for human exposure to alternatives to BPA cannot be ignored.” The researchers also note that people may be absorbing BPS in much larger doses—19 times more than the BPA they absorbed when it was more widely used.
Bruce Blumberg, professor of developmental and cell biology and pharmaceutical sciences at the University of California, Irvine, wrote in an e-mail, “There are emerging data to show that BPS is an estrogen but relatively less on the other chemicals. Therefore, it is hard to say with certainty at the moment whether the BPA replacements lack estrogenic activity. BPA free means simply that—that the product is stated to be BPA free.”.”
But the FDA continues to insist that BPA is still safe. In a recent New York Times article, Michael Taylor, deputy commissioner for foods said that the agency, “has been looking hard at BPA for a long time, and based on all the evidence, we continue to support its safe use.”
Zuckerman added that part of the problem lies in the heavy influence that industry has on members of Congress and the FDA. “Whenever the FDA does something to improve patient safeguards, Members of Congress get lobbied by the industry involved and some of those Members pressure [the] FDA to back off,” she wrote in an e-mail. “This has happened for years but the last few years have been even worse than usual.”
At Mother Jones, Tom Philpott points out that the heavily monied interests behind BPA are none other than the chemical giants Dow and Bayer who produce the bulk of BPA. Frederick S. vom Saal, curators’ professor at the University of Missouri-Columbia and BPA researcher told me that BPA represents a $10 billion a year industry. It’s important to note that the recent FDA ban comes at the behest of the American Chemistry Council, an industry trade group that denies any negative health effects from BPA. Why would they have done this? “[The American Chemistry Council’s] petition to the FDA puts it plainly: ‘All Major Product Manufacturers Have Abandoned the Use of Polycarbonate’ (BPA). In other words: Go ahead and ban it—it’s already been phased out and a ban gives the appearance of strict oversight,” Philpott writes.
By creating the ban, the FDA at least acknowledges that babies and children should lessen their exposure to BPA. But what about the rest of the population? “BPA remains in millions of food and beverage containers that affect the BPA levels of pregnant women, children of all ages, and all adults,” Zuckerman wrote to me in an e-mail. “The impact on the developing fetus and young children, and on breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy, are of particular concern to our Center. One study indicates that BPA may interfere with the effectiveness of chemo for breast cancer patients.”
The FDA should concede that if BPA is a risk for babies and children, it is most likely a risk to all of us. And what about the various substitutes that will be used for BPA and the numerous other toxins lurking in the plastics and other containers that package our foods and drinks? “FDA’s decision is a step in the right direction, but it is a baby step,” Zuckerman said. “They have done the minimum.” Blumberg added that the answers to all of these questions are complex. “We do not know nearly as much as we need to know,” he said. “I think that it is prudent to reduce our consumption of packaged foods of all sorts for a variety of reasons, including reducing exposure to contaminants from the containers.”
Photo: Baby with bottle, by Shutterstock
“By creating the ban, the FDA at least acknowledges that babies and children should lessen their exposure to BPA. ”
Unfortunately, this is simply not true. They withdrew approval at the request of the American Chemistry Council, which represents the manufacturers of BPA. The federal register says:
 would they do this? To STOP the FDA from acknowledging any harm from BPA.:
.”
We are all being conned by the American Chemistry Council here. Manufacturers had already abandoned BPA in bottles and sippy cups; now they have Federal protection against imports and defend their position in epoxies by delaying the science.Posted on February 8, 2012 by Administrator
By Rukiya Makuma O’ level results released on Feb 9 showed an improvement compared to 2010 results. The failure rates reduced from 6.5 percent in 2010 to 4.2 percent in 2011 but with increased poor performance in chemistry and biology. … Continue reading →
Posted on February 8, 2011 by Administrator
Senior four results out Continue reading →This one started a little slow, with both teams trading possessions at the start, but after the Seminoles found their rhythm about mid-way through the first quarter they haven't looked back.
Rashad Greene has a punt return touchdown, EJ Manuel has made a few first half plays but the star of the game so far has been Chris Thompson.
Thompson's career was almost ended by Wake in Winston-Salem last season. He broke two vertebrae and wondered if he would ever return to the field again after Wake's 35-30 upset over FSU last year. So far through two quarters against the team that broke his back Thompson has 9 carries for 201 yards and two touchdowns.
He's also broken two big TD runs, one of which was keyed by a very impressive Kenny Shaw block down the sideline.
On the other side of the ball the Seminole defensive line is absolutely exerting itself. Bjoern Werner and Tank Carradine have both registered sacks and the Wake offense has struggled to establish itself so far.
There's still a half left to play, but with the Seminole currently up 38-0, you can expect to see some reserves in the second half.
I'll have more after the game, including comments from Chris Thompson.
For now though, you just have to feel great for the senior tailback. Fisher said as he was heading into the tunnel that Thompson is one of the best people he's ever met, not just players. I can attest, he's a good kid with a good head on his shoulders who has fought back hard from his injury. You know this redemption game against the Wake team that threatened to end his career must feel pretty good for him right now.
Stay tuned, I'll be back with more after the game.WPS Matchday: Atlanta Beat vs. Freedom
Greetings from Maryland SoccerPlex, where I've just arrived after spending my Sunday out in Redskins Land.
The drive from Ashburn to Boyds was easy enough, but it doesn't look like too many other people have trekked to SoccerPlex in this chilly weather for the Freedom's second game this season. A quick count in the stands across from the press box came up with about 120 or so. Most are packed in the opposite side, but I don't know if the attendance will be very impressive at all.
We'll see how the Freedom look after a shaky performance last week in a 2-1 loss to Boston. Glancing over the lineup, it looks as though Coach Jim Gabarra might get away from the 4-2-3-1 formation he employed last week. I'm guessing it's more of a 4-4-1-1 this week, we'll see when they take the field.
Atlanta Beat (0-0-1) at Washington Freedom (0-1)
When: 7 p.m.
Where: Maryland SoccerPlex, Boyds
Freedom Lineup: McLeod; Moros, Whitehill, Marshall, Bompastor; Mykjaland, Long, Sawa, Sauerbrunn; De Vanna, Wambach.
UPDATE: The Freedom wins, 3-1, in front of the club's smallest home crowd in one-plus seasons in WPS. Read the match report here.
By
Paul Tenorio
|
April 18, 2010; 7:01 PM ET
Categories: Freedom , Women | Tags: Atlanta Beat, Jim Gabarra, Maryland SoccerPlex, Washington Freedom, Women's Professional Soccer
Save & Share:
Previous: Americans abroad
Next: MLS weekend flashback
Posted by: I-270Exit1 | April 18, 2010 8:13 PM | Report abuse
Most posts on this blogs get more responses than that attendance.
fischy! This is for you ;)
Soccer stars take the bus as European Champions League semis go ahead
Posted by: Reignking | April 18, 2010 9:36 PM | Report abuse
The crowd filled in to at least 2,000 to 3,000 (my guess, no official attendance announced) though still the smallest crowd I have seen at a Freedom game at the Plex. Perhaps cold weather, little known opponent, and school/work night. But two gorgeous assists by Wambach on goals by Sawa and Welch, and Abby got her own goal on a strong free kick by Bompastor, for a 3-1 Freedom win.
Posted by: Jedi65 | April 18, 2010 9:44 PM | Report abuse
Great game. Girls looked good.
Posted by: VirginiaFan | April 18, 2010 10:01 PM | Report abuse
Suck on that, Atlantans, Atlanta-ishans, and Altantoids!
Posted by: I-270Exit1 | April 18, 2010 10:53 PM | Report abuse
I didn't get out of hand, yet he slapped me anyway. Thanks, I-270.
An enjoyable game. For those of you who don't care too much for women's soccer, give the Freedom a one-game try at least. I think -- no, I know -- you'll be pleasantly surprised.
Posted by: Rand-al-Thor | April 18, 2010 11:17 PM | Report abuse
Goals two and three were sweet! Sawa's getting more confident on the attack, obviously. Lene looks like a great pickup. Moros was superb on D, great tackling and energy. As much as I miss watching Gilbeau and Singer, this could be an all-world, Galactico type defense.
ATL was gritty and mostly solid. Too many breakdowns on D but don't sleep on them.
Posted by: Godfather_of_Goals | April 18, 2010 11:30 PM | Report abuse
Hey! That's ATLiens to you!
I do need to find out when Washington and Marta come to town. Hopefully after my prep athletics responsibilities are over.
Posted by: JacobfromAtlanta-ish | April 19, 2010 3:56 AM | Report abuse
Certainly a better display of soccer skills, teamwork and effort than currently on display at RFK. Perhaps at the double header on May 1, the "soccer public" can see for themselves.
UMD men's soccer defeated Akron 3-0 yesterday in College Park. It may be only spring, but well played by MD men.
Posted by: footballfan9 | April 19, 2010 9:18 AM | Report abuse
Hmm...being a transplant into Atlanta, I guess I am an "ATLien".
Posted by: Reignking | April 19, 2010 9:18 AM | Report abuse
Sorry 3-1. Forgot about the PK.
Posted by: footballfan9 | April 19, 2010 9:30 AM | Report abuse
Having attended both the United and Freedom matches this weekend, I too can attest to the superior level of soccer at the Freedom game last night. People always say the women's game is slower, less skillful, etc., but completely objectively, as a long-time soccer (and United) fan, there was no comparison in the level of play or entertainment value of the matches. Say what you want about how bad DCU is this season (and I do), but it's not like Chicago was putting on a Barca-level display on Saturday night either. Go Freedom!
Posted by: JDougan_DC | April 19, 2010 12:13 PM | Report abuse
As someone who is just now in the process of crawling back from Florida, I thank everyone who posted here and gave me a flavor of the match. (BTW, if you want to experience Icelandic cuisine without a surgical mask, try the Viking Lounge in Mount Dora.)
Posted by: universityandpark | April 20, 2010 12:44 AM | Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed.
Paul: slap Joe Doc if he gets out of hand.
Can't be at the game, but watching Boston-Philly. Philly's away kit is a yellow jersey wth gray shorts. I'm guessing that a guy picked that color combo.DW feels that every drummer should own quality heavy-duty hardware without breaking the bank, so they designed a stripped-down 5000 Series with fewer bells and whistles, but with all of the quality and strength that's made DW famous.
A scaled-down tractor seat top with firm seating surface and corkscrew height adjustment make the 5120 a go-to throne option.
FeaturesThe state of Illinois this week declared war on the Arab world, on Muslims and on Christian Arabs who have … Read More.
A bill that would prohibit state managed monies from being invested in any company or organization that … Read More.
To understand how Israel has become one of the most racist and violent nations in the Middle East, all you … Read More.
As soon as the first-ever conference of Arab expatriates hosted in Cairo earlier this month by the League of Arab Nations closed, the fanatics dropped from their damp dark caves and started to scream that it was a sham.
The conference, backed by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, is calling on Palestinians and Arabs who are expatriates living in the West, but more importantly in the United States, to organize.
The conference concluded with many goals, including creating an "organizational framework for Arab expatriates," while fostering "a dialogue of civilizations, cultures and religions."
Pro-Israeli media and pundits immediately criticized the conference, complaining that too much of it was focused on the Palestinian issue and that much of it was based on confronting Israeli extremism rather than pursuing dialogue.
The conference clearly endorsed the Arab Peace Initiative outlined in 2002, one that Israel continues to run from because it requires tough compromises.
But more importantly, the Palestinians and the Arab League want to rip control of the Palestinian cause from the hands of fanatics and extremists in the United States whose sole mission has been to block peace and to reinforce the power of Hamas, the terrorist religious organization.
Immediately, Arab and Palestinian fanatics started launching public attacks against the conference, and it is a growing theme they are selling to the Palestinian diaspora that sympathizes with the fanatic anger but support the moderate strategies. It sounds contradictory, but for most moderate Palestinians, Israel has given them nothing to cheer about at all and everything to jeer about.
Almost all of Israel's actions since the Oslo Accords have been geared toward maintaining the status quo while granting some power to the Palestinians, except the disengagement from Gaza in 2005. Israel wants to keep all of Jerusalem and all of the settlements, and wants Palestinians to recognize it as a Jewish state.
It is about time that the Arab League nations finally did something. Their failure to lead has created a void that has allowed a small cabal of Palestinian extremists in the United States and Europe to hijack the Palestinian cause.
And they are no better than Israelis, speaking from both sides of their mouths, too. A good example is the movement to boycott products sold by Israelis that are manufactured or grown in the occupied West Bank. The movement is spearheaded by a group called Jewish Voice for Peace.
They say they target products made in the West Bank, but many of their leaders are working hand-in-hand with Palestinian-American extremists who are also targeting products made in Israel.
These Palestinian extremists are anti-Semitic and driven by hatred. They say one thing but always mean something else.
Israelis don't help much, as I have already pointed out. Instead of drawing a proper line on things like anti-Semitism, Israel's supporters, like the Anti-Defamation League and the Zionist Organization of America, headquartered in New York, call everything critical of Israel anti-Semitic.
What Israelis don't realize is that their broad-stroke, knee-jerk attacks on anti-Semitism, against even the harshest critics of Israel, like the venerable Helen Thomas, only weaken the moderate Palestinian voices.
In a way, Israeli actions often strengthen the Palestinian extremists, and maybe that is intentional. Many Israelis don't want to give up anything. They don't want peace. And the Palestinian extremists help them get away with this unacceptable status quo.
As long as the Palestinian extremists have the upper hand, this Israeli strategy will work.
But the Expatriate Conference in Cairo can change that, especially if they follow through with concrete actions to strengthen the voices of Palestinian and Arab moderates in the West and particularly in the United States.
More importantly, they need to reach out to Palestinian moderates, slam down the extremist voices and speak consistently about peace based on the 2002 plan. Israelis, believe it or not, are no different than Arabs.
And if they believe peace is genuine, they just might support it.
To find out more about Ray Hanania, and read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit.
27 Dec 2012
The Sad Reality and Hypocrisy of American Violence
9 Dec 2010
WikiLeaks Reminds Us About Reality
17 Nov 2011
Glimmers of Hope in a Growing Sea of HateAfter playing bass with some of the biggest names in rock, The Dead Daisies’ Marco Mendoza wants to give you the chance to win some of the sweet gear he uses to blast out the bands Bottom End. ONE extremely lucky winner will WIN the following:
ESP LTD VINTAGE-214 MAPLE BLK
If there is a style of music that includes bass, chances are you’ve heard an LTD. In a feature-to-feature comparison, no other bass manufacturer offers the quality and attention to detail that LTD provides. Marco’s ESP is red, but you can’t have his… this is the next best thing!
The all-new HD50 Bass Combo packs Hartke’s patented HyDrive speakers into a sleek model ideal for small venues, rehearsal spaces and bedroom practice sessions, and capable of greatly enriching your low-end tone. The HD combo also maintain Hartke’s commitment to producing high quality bass ampliﬁcation with exceptional durability. Marco has one of these at home and takes one on the road for back stage… Killer 10″ combo!
Samson’s Concert 88 Guitar Wireless System offers a high-performance UHF wireless solution where the freedom of mobility is a must. It’s perfect for guitarists, bassists and other stringed instruments looking for stunning sound and versatility without cables. With a range of up to 300′ and 2 frequency bands, you can play on the biggest stages or all through your house with this wireless system.. Marco and D’Addario want you to pick a 3 pack of D’Addario strings (your choice) and on top of that they also want you to have a 10′ American Stage Cable, a NS Micro Tuner and a D’Addario T-Shirt!
Pandora Stomp – the compact multi-effect unit overflowing with options. The highly-acclaimed Pandora modeling multi-effect processor is now available as a pedal in a sturdy die-cast body with a highly visible tuner. The Pandora features 158 types of amps and effects, up to seven types of effects simultaneously for seemingly endless options, 200 presets, 200 user programs, 100 rhythm patterns including metronome, Auto tuner with easily readable LED meter and backlit LCD for excellent visibility, AUX input, and sturdy die cast body. Marco and Korg want you to have a Korg T-shirt and lanyard to go with this amazing stomp pedal!
Share This Contest
Contest Ends: 9/10/2014
Click For: Official Contest RulesCarrie Underwood | "Blown Away" Era Mar 12, 2012 19:28:35 GMT -5 Select PostDeselect PostLink to PostMemberGive GiftBack to Top Post by fischbone on Mar 12, 2012 19:28:35 GMT -5 I LOVE the video! I really liked that she played bad and good. Also, she is looking better than she EVER has too!All Gunn-Rita Dahle: Page 1
Dahle Flesjaa wins in Val d'Isere while Pendrel takes 2012 World Cup title
- By VeloNews.com
- Published Jul. 30, 2012
- Updated Nov. 5, 2013 at 5:04 PM EDT
National XC Champs from Around the World
- By VeloNews.com
- Published Jul. 20, 2011
- Updated Oct. 12, 2012 at 12:54 PM EDT
Todd Wells and Georgia Gould weren’t the only riders to win national titles this past weekend. Mountain bikers, many with well-known
Hermida's Euro Team Going 29
- By VeloNews.com
- Published Mar. 18, 2011
- Updated Oct. 11, 2012 at 4:59 PM EDT
"Maybe I will try to be the first world champion on a 29," Jose Hermida, 2010 XC world champDiscover other nice products from this shop:More products
LitYarn
11.99 € EUR
plus shipping fees
- Quantity per item:
- 400 g
- Base price:
- 3.00 € EUR / 100g
- Details
Product description
High Quality 100% Lithuanian Wool, 4 x 100 gr. MIX - LitYarn
Shop Category: 100% WOLLE (wool)
High Quality 100% Lithuanian wool yarn.
Lot contains 4 skeins. Each skein contains 100 grams, 350 m. (383 yards) of yarn. MIX
Very durable and warm. Also can be used for machine knitting. Ideal for felting....
Are they adding anything new to the legacy in this, their first new collection of songs in 14 years? The answer has to be the old time will tell.
Staff Writer
All the elements are there – Don Walker's stomping boogie piano counterpointing his more lyrical, limpid lines on tracks like All For You and Missing A Girl; Ian Moss solos scatterfire one minute, sinewy and lithe the next; that unmistakable bludgeoning Barnes voice matched by the worldweary romance of Moss' voice and Phil Small holding it all down, locked into former Divinyls drummer Charley Drayton. Together they're an undeniable force of nature.
Are they adding anything new to the legacy in this, their first new collection of songs in 14 years? The answer has to be the old time will tell. You're unlikely to hear anything much from No Plans on the radio any time soon, but there are certainly moments when a new song – HQ454 Monroe – sounds a little too much like an old song. There are hints, naturally, at post-Chisel influences here and there, as in the gospel/R&B approach to Dead And Laid To Rest, with some snaky, incendiary guitar work from Moss.
What has always set Chisel apart is the fact that for all the rock angst inherent in Barnes' delivery, they, or more specifically Don Walker, always wrote grown-up songs. Right from the beginning, Walker's writing was remarkably mature and he remains on the top of his game, providing all but three songs for No Plans, Moss contributing a feisty Too Late, while Barnes the aforementioned Dead And Laid To Rest.
Michael Smith
Veterans lead this weeks releases with new albums from Tim Rogers & The Bamboos (Album Of The Week) and Daniel Johns plus Ella Thompson, The Vaccines and Unknown Mortal Orchestra.Hello everybody. I would like to upload some videos exclusively to Videohive but I am not quite sure how it works. I saw several authors with two accounts here. Am I allowed to simply just open a second account for exclusive videos? And may I use the same paypal address as for my non-exclusive account? Any help is much appreciated. Thank you all and many sales to you.
I don´t have a significant amount of ratings on most items but have maybe 2 items with several 4 or 5 star ratings and then there is this strange single 1-star rating without any comments. I believe it is not worth to manipulate the rating of my footage so I believe it is a certain kind of buyers who don´t know what they are buying and are then dissapointed and angry. For example I had a dissapointed buyer comment on a camera footage that it has no alpha channel. Complete misunderstanding. Perhaps there are people buying AE-projects and are angry as well because they can´t edit in windows movie maker.Modern Columbus: Saarinen’s Irwin Union Bank and Trust
Saarinen’s Irwin Union Bank is a Miesien glass pavilion.
As I noted in my previous post about Columbus, the friendship between J. Irwin Miller and Eero Saarinen resulted in three important projects in the city, all National Historic Landmarks with stunning landscapes by Dan Kiley. The Irwin Union Bank and Trust (1954), the Miller House (1957) and North Christian Church (1964). This post will focus on Saarinen’s bank, which, unfortunately, has been renamed First Financial Bank after the financial company that has taken over the assets of Irwin Union. The bank, a Miesien glass pavilion with a wide roof overhang, is seen as the first glass-walled open plan bank in the country and a key influence on the design of future banks. “We wanted to change — insofar as architecture could change it –people’s concept of banking, which we thought was on the whole unfavorable,” Miller said in an interview with the writers of the bank’s National Historic Landmark nomination. Mr. Miller, I think you achieved your goal. (Note: We did not take pictures of the open teller area to respect the privacy of the customers and bank employees.)
The bank amid Kiley’s landscape. A 1973 addition by Saarinen protege Kevin Roche is at left.
The space-agey domes create carved out spaces for dramatic lighting fixtures inside.
A close-up from the drive-through area, which was added in 1966.
The nine illuminated domes are a dramatic view at night.
Sign of the times. First Financial took over the assets of the failed Irwin Union.
George Nelson desks have been slightly adapted to accommodate modern electronic equipment.
A more private conference room sits in the middle of the open space.
A close-up of one of the suspended light fixtures.
Nelson-inspired planters bring some green inside.
The open staircase foreshadows the even grander example in Saarinen’s GM Technical Center.
The vault.
Saarinen chairs that have replaced the originals.
The Kevin Roche designed three-story glass arcade that connects the bank to the annex.
Art by Alexander Girard in the bank annex.Real IRA call for unity among all Republicans
In a statement to Belfast's "Irish News" tonight, the so-called Real IRA called for unity among all Republicans. There have been warnings from both the Gardaí and the RUC of a constant threat of violence in Ireland and Britain from dissident Republican paramilitaries opposed to the North's peace process. A Government spokesman said that the statement is no more than a repetition of their earlier attacks on the Good Friday Agreement.
The UUP deputy leader, John Taylor, has said that he believes direct rule will return within weeks, because he holds out little hope of an IRA arms hand-over by the end of this month. Two DUP ministers in the Stormont Assembly have urged the First Minister to pull out of the executive to save the RUC. Regional Development Minister, Peter Robinson, and Social Development Minister, Nigel Dodds, want Mr Trimble to join them in making the power-sharing executive collapse. The Ulster Unionists' Assembly chief whip, Jim Wilson, dismissed the DUP call as nonsense.
The Taoiseach and David Trimble said earlier that they are pleased with the progress achieved in the North over the past several months. They were speaking together after an hour-long meeting in Dublin. Bertie Ahern stressed that the government and the Northern Executive had fulfilled their obligations under the Good Friday Agreement and said that others must do likewise. Mr Trimble said that he had always been optimistic about the peace process, and that it was possible to work through difficulties.
Both men said that they were looking forward to the interim report on decommissioning, which is due later this month. Mr Trimble said that the Patten Report created difficulties for him, but he remain optimistic about the political process. Mr Trimble's meetings with the Taoiseach and opposition leaders took place as concern grows among some Ulster Unionists about, what they see as, the increasingly one-sided implementation of the Good Friday Agreement.
Mr Trimble has said that he will consider calls for holding a special meeting of his party's executive following his failure to win any significant concessions on the implementation of the Patton Report. His comments came after an anti-Agreement party member, David Brewster, warned that plans to overhaul the RUC could bring down the Good Friday Agreement and its institutions.
Failure to save the title and badge of the RUC and no obvious progress on decommissioning has left the Ulster Unionist leader under considerable pressure. He had been urged by Lagan Valley MP, Jeffrey Donaldson, to make it clear to the Taoiseach that Unionists are angry about the "destruction" of the RUC and were demanding IRA disarmament.On Tue, Sep 23, 2008 at 03:36:51PM -0500, Jason Long wrote: > From what I read Longiste is easy to set up while I got a quote for Slony > setup for 5-10k. I can set up Slony for way less than that, FWIW. But Londiste is intended to be easier to set up than Slony. A -- Andrew Sullivan ajs(at)commandprompt(dot)com +1 503 667 4564 x1042014
2013
Gabrys, J., Hawkins, G., & Michael, M. (Eds). 2013. Accumulation: The Material Politics of Plastic. Routledge.
Krupar, Shiloh R. (2013). Hot Spotter’s Report: Military Fables of Toxic Waste. Minneapolis: University Of Minnesota Press.
Nagle, Robin. 2013. Picking Up: On the Streets and Behind the Trucks with the Sanitation Workers of New York City. Farrar, Straus and Giroux..
Walter-Toews, D. (2013) The Origin of Feces: What Excrement Tells us About Evolution, Ecology and a Sustainable Society. Toronto: ECW Press.
2012
Zimring, Carl and William Rathje (eds). 2012. Encyclopedia of Consumption and Waste: The Social Science of Garbage. SAGE Publications.
Foote, Stephanie, and Elizabeth Mazzolini (Eds). 2012. Histories of the Dustheap: Waste, Material Cultures, Social Justice. MIT Press.
2011
Bardini, T. 2011. Junkware. Minneapolis, University of Minnesota Press.
Dalrymple, T. 2011. Litter: How Other People’s Rubbish Shapes Your Life. London, Gibson Square Books..
Gabrys, Jennifer. 2011. Digital Rubbish: A Natural History of Electronics. Michigan, University of Michigan Press.
Jorgensen, Finn Arne. 2011. Making a Green Machine: The Infrastructure of Beverage Container Recycling. New Brunswick, NJ: Rutgers University Press.
Korsmeyer, Carolyn. 2011. Savoring disgust: The foul and the fair in aesthetics. New York, Oxford University Press.
MacBride, Samantha. 2011. Recycling Reconsidered The Present Failure and Future Promise of Environmental Action in the United States. MIT Press.
Schneider, Daniel. 2011. Hybrid Nature: Sewage Treatment and the Contradictions of the Industrial Ecosystem. MIT Press.
Smith, V. and Wellcome Collection. 2011. Dirt: The filthy reality of everyday life. London, Profile.
Whiteley, Gillian. 2011. Junk: Art and the politics of trash. London New York, NY, I. B. Tauris; Distributed in the U.S. by Palgrave Macmillan..
Bennet, J. 2010. Vibrant Matter: a political ecology of things. Duke University Press: London.
Brouwer, J., A. Mulder, et al., Eds. 2010. The Politics of the Impure. Rotterdam, V2_Publishing.
Dürr, Eveline, and Rivke Jaffe. 2010. Urban Pollution: Cultural Meanings, Social Practices. New York, Berghahn Books.
Frost, Randy and Gayle Steketee. 2010. Stuff: Compulsive Hoarding and the Meaning of Things. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
Kelley, Victoria. 2010. Soap and Water: Cleanliness, dirt and the working classes in Victorian and Edwardian Britain. London ; New York, I. B. Tauris.
Molotch, Harvey. L. and Laura Norén. 2010. Toilet: Public restrooms and the politics of sharing. New York, New York University Press.
Pye, Gillian (ed). 2010. Trash Culture: Objects and obsolescence in cultural perspective. Oxford ; New York, Peter Lang.
Rootes, C and Leonard, L. (eds.) 2010. Environmental Movements and Waste Infrastructure. Routledge.
Selin, Henrik. 2010. Global Governance of Hazardous Chemicals: Challenges of Multilevel Management. MIT Press.
Serres, Michel. 2010. Malfeasance: Appropriation Through Pollution? Standford University Press.
2005-2009.
Ashenburg, K. 2007. The Dirt on Clean: An unsanitized history. New York, North Point Press.
Beck, John. 2009: Dirty Wars: Landscape, Power, and Waste in Western American Literature. Lincoln, NE: University of Nebraska Press.
Biow, D. 2006. The Culture of Cleanliness in Renaissance Italy. Ithaca, Cornell University Press.
Black, M. and Fawcett, B. 2008. The Last Taboo: Opening the Door on the Global Sanitation Crisis. New York: Earthscan.
Brown, K. M. 2009. Foul Bodies: Cleanliness in early America. New Haven, Yale University Press..
Dauvergne, Peter. 2008. The Shadows of Consumption: Consequences for the Global Environment. Cambridge, Mass., MIT Press.
Davies, Anna. 2007. The Geographies of Garbage Governance: Interventions, Interactions, and Outcomes. Aldershot, Burlington Ashgate Pub. Co.
Ebbesmeyer, Curtis and Eric Scigliano. 2009. Flotsametrics and the Floating World: How one man’s obsession with runaway sneakers and rubber ducks revolutionized ocean science. New York, NY, Smithsonian Books : Collins.
Edensor, Tim. 2005. Industrial Ruins: Space, Aesthetics and Materiality. London: Berg Publishing.
Eveleigh, D. J. 2008. Privies and Waterclosets. Princes Risborough, Shire.
Ferrell, Jeff. 2006. Empire of Scrounge: Inside the Urban Underground of Dumpster Diving, Trash Picking, and Street Scavenging. New York: New York University Press.
High, Steven and David Lewis. 2007. Corporate Wasteland: The Landscape and Memory of Deindustrialization. Cornell University Press.
King, William Davies. 2008. Collections of Nothing. Chicago: University of Chicago Press..
Grossman, Elizabeth. 2006. High Tech Trash: Digital Devices, Hidden Toxics, and Human Health. Washington, Island Press : Shearwater Books.
Halliday, Stephan. 2007. The Great Filth: The war against disease in Victorian England. Stroud, Sutton.
Hamlin, Christopher. 2009. Cholera: The biography. Oxford, Oxford University Press.
Hawkins, Gay. 2006. The Ethics of Waste: How we Relate to Rubbish. Lanham, Md., Rowman & Littlefield Publishers.
Jensen, Derrick and Aric McBay. 2009. What We Leave Behind. New York, Seven Stories Press.
Lewis, Mindy. 2009. Dirt: The Quirks, Habits, and Passions of Keeping House. Berkeley, CA: Seal Press.
Luis L. M. Aguiar and Andrew Herod, editors. 2006. The Dirty Work of Neoliberalism: Cleaners in the Global Economy. Basil Blackwell: Oxford. [Issue published simultaneously as a special issue of Antipode, 38.3: 425-666.]
Medina, M. 2007. The World’s Scavengers: Salvaging for Sustainable Consumption and Production. Plymouth: AltaMira Press.
Morrison, Susan. 2008. Excrement in the Late Middle Ages: Sacred filth and Chaucer’s fecopoetics. New York, Palgrave Macmillan.
O’Brien, Martin. 2007. A Crisis of Waste?: Understanding the Rubbish Society. New York, Routledge.
Orlando, Francesco. 2006. Obsolete Objects in the Literary Imagination: Ruins, Relics, Rarities, Rubbish, Uninhabited Places, and Hidden Treasures. Yale University Pres.
Patton, K. 2007. The sea can wash away all evils. Modern marine pollution and the ancient cathartic ocean. Columbia university press: New York.
Pellow, David N. 2007. Resisting Global Toxics: Transnational Movements for Environmental Justice. Cambridge, MA: MIT Press.
Pezzullo, Phaedra. 2007. Toxic Tourism: Rhetorics of Pollution, Travel, and Environmental Justice. Tuscaloosa, University of Alabama Press.
Rogers, Heather. 2005. Gone Tomorrow: The Hidden Life of Garbage. New York; London, New Press: Distributed by W.W. Norton & Company.
Royte, Elizabeth. 2005. Garbage Land: On the Secret Trail of Trash. New York, Little, Brown.
Scandura, Jani. 2007. Down in the Dumps: place, modernity, American Depression. Duke University Press.
Scanlan, John. 2005. On Garbage. London, Reaktion Books.
Smith, Virgina. 2007. Clean: A history of personal hygiene and purity. Oxford, Oxford University Press.
Stuart, Tristam. 2009. Waste: Uncovering the Global Food Scandal. W. W. Norton & Company.
Sze, Julie. 2006. Noxious New York The Racial Politics of Urban Health and Environmental Justice. MIT Press.
Tang, K. and J. Yeoh. 2008. WASTEnomics. London, Middlesex University Press.
Van Wyck, Peter C. 2005. Signs of Danger: Waste, Trauma, and Nuclear Threat. Minneapolis: University Of Minnesota Press..
2000-2004
Amato, J. A. 2000. Dust: A history of the small and the invisible. Berkeley, Calif., University of California Press.
Botha, Ted. 2004. Mongo: Adventures in Trash. New York, Bloomsbury.
Gregson, Nicky, and Louise Crewe. 2003. Second-hand Cultures. Cornwall, PMG Books.
Hawkins, Gay and Stephen Muecke. 2003. Culture and Waste: The Creation and Destruction of Value. Oxford, Rowman & Littlefield.
Holmes, Hannah. 2001. The Secret Life of Dust: From the cosmos to the kitchen counter, the big consequences of little things. New York, Wiley.
Klaver, Elizabeth (ed). 2004. Images of the Corpse: From the Renaissance to cyberspace. Madison, Wis. ; London, University of Wisconsin Press/Popular Press.
Laporte, Dominique. 2000. History of Shit. Cambridge, Mass., MIT Press.
Longhurst, R. 2001. Bodies: Exploring Fluid Boundaries, London: Routledge.
McDonough, William and Michael Braungart. 2002. Cradle to Cradle: Remaking the Way we Make Things. New York, North Point Press.
Menninghaus, Winfried. 2003. Disgust: the Theory and History of a Strong Sensation. State University of New York Press.
Miller, Benjamin. 2000. Fat of the Land: Garbage in New York : the last two hundred years. New York, Four Walls Eight Windows.
O’Neill, Kate. 2000. Waste Trading among Rich Nations: Building a New Theory of Environmental Regulation. MIT Press.
Pellow, David N. 2002. Garbage Wars: The struggle for environmental justice in Chicago. Cambridge, Mass., MIT Press.
Shove, Elizabeth. 2003. Comfort, Cleanliness and Convenience. Oxford, Berg Publishers.
Sivulka, Juliann. 2001. Stronger Than Dirt: A cultural history of advertising personal hygiene in America, 1875-1940. Amherst, N.Y., Humanity Books.
1990s
Ackerman, Frank. 1997. Why Do We Recycle: Markets, Values, and Public Policy. Washington, D.C., Island Press.
Alexander, Judd. 1993. In Defense of Garbage. Westport, Conn., Praeger.
Bullard, Robert. 1994. Dumping in Dixie: Race, class, and environmental quality, 2nd edn. Westview Press, Boulder, CO.
Colten, Craig and Peter Skinner. 1996. The Road to Love Canal: Managing Industrial Waste Before EPA. Austin, University of Texas Press.
Duffy, John. 1990. The Sanitarians: A History of American Public Health. Urbana, University of Illinois Press.
Gandy, M. 1994. Recycling and the Politics of Urban Waste. New York: St. Martin’s Press
Hamlin, Christopher. 1990. A science of impurity: water analysis in nineteenth century Britain. Berkeley, University of California Press.
Halliday, Stehpan. 1999. The Great Stink of London: Sir Joseph Bazalgette and the cleansing of the Victorian capital. Stroud, Sutton.
Hoy, Suellen. 1995. Chasing Dirt: The American Pursuit of Cleanliness. New York, Oxford University Press.
Kuletz, Valerie. 1998. The Tainted Desert: Environmental Ruin in the American West. New York: Routledge.
Logan, W. B. 1995. Dirt: The ecstatic skin of the earth. New York, Riverhead.
Miller, William Ian. 1997. The Anatomy of Disgust. Cambridge, Mass., Harvard University Press.
Murray, Robin. 1999. Creating Wealth from Waste. London, Demos.
Perry, Stuart. 1998. Collecting Garbage: Dirty Work, Clean Jobs, Proud People. Transaction Publishers.
Rathje, William and Cullen Murphy. 1992. Rubbish!: The Archaeology of Garbage. New York, NY, HarperCollins Publishers.
Reid, Donald. 1991. Paris Sewers and Sewermen: Realities and representations. Cambridge, Mass., Harvard University Press.
Reich, Michael. 1991. Toxic Politics: Responding to Chemical Disasters. Ithaca, NY: Cornell University Press.
Sibley, D. 1995. Geographies of Exclusion: Society and Difference in the West. New York: Routledge.
Strasser, Susan. 1999. Waste and Want: A Social History of Trash. New York, Metropolitan Books..
Wynne, Brian. 1987. Risk Management and Hazardous Waste: Implementation and the Dialectics of Credibility. Springer London, Limited.
1980s
Corbin, Alain. 1986. The Foul and the Fragrant: Odor and the French Social Imagination. Cambridge, Mass., Harvard University Press.
Douglas, Mary. 1984. Purity and Danger: An Analysis of Concepts of Pollution and Taboo. London, Ark Paperbacks.
Kristeva, Julia. 1982. Powers of Horror: An essay on abjection. New York, Columbia University Press.
Melosi, Martin. 1980. Pollution and Reform in American Cities, 1870-1930. Austin, University of Texas Press.
Melosi, Martin. 1981. Garbage in the Cities: Refuse, Reform, and the Environment: 1880-1980. College Station, TX, Texas A&M University Press.
1970s
Thompson, Michael. 1979. Rubbish Theory: The Creation and Destruction of Value. Oxford; New York, Oxford University Press.
1960s
Packard, Vance. 1960. The Waste Makers. New York, D. McKay Co.
19th century
Griscom, John. 1845. The Sanitary Condition of the Laboring Population of New York. New York, Harper & Brothers.
Riis, Jacob. 1890. How the Other Half Lives: Studies Among the Tenements of New York. New York: Penguin.Creatine Slows Onset of Huntington’s Disease Symptoms
The nutritional supplement creatine, taken in high doses, is able to slow the onset of Huntington’s disease (HD) symptoms, according to a new neuroimaging study by Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH). The supplement was also found to be safe and well tolerated by most of the participants.
Huntington’s disease is a hereditary neurodegenerative disorder that causes uncontrolled movements, cognitive decline, and psychiatric problems. Symptoms typically begin in mid-adulthood.
The study was unique in that it allowed participants — all of whom had a genetic risk for the disorder — to have the option of enrolling without finding out if,” said lead author Dr. H. Diana Rosas of the MassGeneral Institute for Neurodegenerative Disease (MGH-MIND).
“Many of these individuals would still like to help find treatments, and this trial design allows them to participate while respecting their autonomy, their right not to know their personal genetic information.”
Known for its ability to help maintain cellular energy, creatine is being investigated as a treatment for a variety of neurological conditions, including Parkinson’s disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and spinal cord injury.
The study involved 64 adult participants, 19 who already knew they carried the mutated gene and 45 who had a 50 percent risk of having inherited the mutation. The patients underwent genetic testing, but the results were only revealed to the study statistician and not to the staff or participants.
The findings confirmed the status of those who had been previously tested and revealed an additional 26 pre-symptomatic carriers of the mutation.
In subjects who carried the HD mutation, the MRI scans taken at the beginning of the trial had revealed significant atrophy in regions of the cerebral cortex and basal ganglia (areas of the brain known to be affected by the disease).
MRI scans taken six months later, however, showed a slower rate of atrophy in participants taking creatine compared with those on placebo. Furthermore, the rate of brain atrophy had also slowed in pre-symptomatic participants who began taking creatine after six months on placebo.
 of MGH-MIND.
“In addition, we believe our study design sets an important precedent for other genetic diseases and will help inform discussions of how clinical research can coexist with deep concerns about genetic privacy and patient autonomy.”
The study was published in the journal Neurology.
Source: Harvard University
Pedersen, T. (2014). Creatine Slows Onset of Huntington’s Disease Symptoms. Psych Central. Retrieved on May 22, 2015, fromAbout Therapies:
Individual Therapies: itself are often more important than the overall style of presentation chosen by the therapist or centre. Introductions to some popular approaches and techniques are included in this section.
Alternative medicine is a general term often, hence they refer to the particular approaches they consider as "supporting" forms of healthcare as "complementary", as in the phrases complementary medicine and complementary therapies. Other people disagree with the premise that specific alternative therapies are merely "complementary therapies". Whichever (if any) of these descriptions appears on therapists' literature, in most problematic physical or other signs or symptoms of injury or dis-ease for which one might consider using to a form of medicine, but rather for relaxation and enjoyment ... which is, of course, mangement of health and well-being.:
In many cases these are national associations so interested parties need to find the most geographically appropriate organization(s).
Check your therapist is qualified
and insured to provide the therapy you are considering receiving
from him or her. online sources of information e.g. invite recommendations via social media if you use it.
Unless otherwise indicated and except for advertising, images on this page and elsewhere on this website are copyright IvyRose Ltd., 2003-13.
See also: Home
Health
News
Holistic Articles
Anatomy & Physiology
Vitamins & Minerals
Glossary
Books
Angels
& Archangels
Crystals
Astrology
Tarot
FREE
Tarot Readings
Therapies
Tips for Therapists[Date Index]
[Thread Index]
[Author Index]
RE: Question plotting curves.
Hi Juan,
> I have the following question: Is it possible to plot at the
> same plot two plots with different scales,which could be
> displayed one in one side and the other at the other side.
> Thank you in advance,
Yes it is possible.
The question comes up every 3 or so months, and the answer can be found at
Regards,
Dave.AUSTIN (AP) - State Farm Insurance Cos. is taking the Texas Department of Insurance to court in an effort to keep the agency from publicizing documents on rate increases.
State Farm, the state's largest property insurer, and the Insurance Department are due in court today, where the company is expected to argue why publicizing documents related to a statewide increase of 13 percent would give its competitors an advantage.
The lawsuit, which was filed in March, is part of a long-running legal fight over a state ruling that State Farm overcharged homeowners hundreds of millions of dollars.
The insurer, which had an improved bottom line in 2009 according to figures released Monday by the state, has yet to pay a penny to policyholders, the Dallas Morning News reported Wednesday.
After filing twice in eight months to increase its rates, company officials rejected a recommendation from Insurance Commissioner Mike Geeslin to give its customers a break.
"Quite frankly, we do this on a regular basis because we have to react whenever necessary to remain in a financial position that allows us to meet our obligations" to policyholders, said Kevin Davis, a spokesman for State Farm in Texas, which covers about 1.2 million home-owners and 3 million drivers in the state.
Texas ordered the company in 2003 to slash its rates 12 percent and issue refunds for excessive charges.
The company owes nearly $1 billion in overcharges and interest, according to the state's public insurance counsel. The insurance commissioner offered a deal to settle the case for $310 million in refunds, but State Farm maintains it owes nothing.
"Most families in North Texas haven't seen their incomes go up by double digits this year, yet these big insurance companies think it's OK to increase their premiums by double-digit increases," said state Rep. Chris Turner of Burleson. "With Texans already paying the second-highest homeowners insurance rates in the nation, this is unacceptable."
Lubbock Avalanche-Journal © 2015. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Service and Privacy Policy and Career Coaches.
- Melissa Forgione (melissa.forgione at warrington.ufl.edu) (last names A-J)
- Lesley Harris (lesley.harris at warrington.ufl.edu) (last names)
Combined Degrees
Marketing majors interested in furthering their business knowledge may pursue a Master of International Business (MIB) a School of Business Academic Advisor and Career Coach and consult the MIB or the MSISOM program website.
Internships and Career Outlook
From large international corporations to small entrepreneurial startups, organizations of all size hire marketing majors. Students interested in learning more about internship or full-time opportunities available to marketing majors should utilize the following resources:
- School of Business Academic Advising and Career Coaching
- Career and Academic Peer Mentors
- Career Resource Center
- Department of Marketing
- Miller Retail Center
Career Opportunities in Marketing
Students who pursue careers in marketing have a variety of options to explore. Among the most popular career opportunities are:
- Advertising
- Market Research
- Online Marketing
- Product or Brand Management
- Public Relations
- Retail
- Sales Management
For more information about opportunities in marketing, please schedule an appointment with your Academic Advisor and Career Coach.
Opportunities for Involvement and Leadership in Marketing
The Warrington College of Business Administration.What does ICDA stand for?
What does ICDA mean? This page is about the various possible meanings of the acronym, abbreviation, shorthand or slang term: ICDA.
We've found a total of 1 definition for ICDA:
Filter by: Sort by:PopularityAlphabeticallyCategory
Still can't find the acronym definition you were looking for? Use our Power Search technology to look for more unique definitions from across the web!
"ICDA." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Description:
In this segment of a plenary panel discussion presented at a 2008 meeting of the American Bar Association, the panelists discuss various business models for media companies which they feel will remain viable for the foreseeable future, how these models might be monetized, and what entrepreneurs and potential investors should be aware of when assessing an investment opportunity. They also categorize money on a scale from “smart” (venture and private equity capital) to “dumb” (subdebt investments and P&A).
Keywords:
This Video Clip Appears on:
Company or School:
American Bar Association (ABA)
User Tags:
User Tags:Downs Banks
Facilities & access
General
- Toilets - nearest in Stone town centre
- Picnic tables and benches can be found at regular intervals around Downs Banks
- Refreshments - nearest shops and public houses in Stone town centre or Barlaston village
- Dogs - always welcome at Downs Banks. Please help us to keep the area special by clearing up dog mess and taking it home with you as there are no disposal facilities on-site
- A large map panel by the main entrance shows the most popular paths and bridleways around the site
Family & children
- Why not enjoy a picnic, walk the dog, try bird-watching or wildlife-spotting in this huge outdoor space? It's a perfect place for children to work off some energy and enjoy the fresh air
- Miles of footpaths cross the valley, heath and woodlands at Downs Banks
- Cycling - family suitable cycle trails on bridleways on the estate
- Kite flying
Access
- Parking - plenty of room to park though no designated accessible spaces
- Adapted toilet - nearest with a RADAR lock is about 2 miles away in Stone town centre
- Pathways - some paths are gravelly and uneven. Many routes are steep and narrow around the estate
- All-ability trails - A 1½ mile route on well-surfaced paths take you alongside Downs Banks stream. Suitable for rugged wheelchairs and pushchairs
- Benches - available at regular intervals on many of the longer and steeper pathsCute Kitten Sticking It’s Tongue Out or Homeless Guy Taking a Dump [50/50 PHOTO]
It’s another nailbiting, edge-of-your-seat sitting edition of 50/50 Photo that gives you a 50% chance of seeing something nice or seeing something weird. Again, once it’s seen, it can’t be unseen. Is it a cute kitten sticking it’s tongue out at you or is it a homeless guy taking a dump. Do you dare click?
You have chosen wisely! Good job!">
Spouses/Children:
Wi Hapi Pakau LOVE
Another name for Ripeka was Rebecca MARTIN.
General Notes:
Honours: 1919, OBE for Patriotic and Welfare
Ripeka married Wi Hapi Pakau LOVE on 14 Dec 1897 in Lower Hutt, Wellington, New Zealand. (Wi Hapi Pakau LOVE died in 1952 and was buried in Te Puni St Cemetery, Hutt Valley, Wellington, New Zealand.)
This site is a member of WebRing.
To browse visit
here.
Home | Table of Contents | Surnames | Name List
This Web Site was Created 29 Jun 2014 with Legacy 8.0 from MillenniaJulian Farrior ’93, founder of Backflip Studios, addresses sophomores during the first SophoMORE Connections program on January 18.
More than 100 alumni returned to Colgate last weekend to network with the Class of 2015 and offer career advice during the university’s first SophoMORE Connections program.
The event brought an early end to winter break for nearly 350 undergraduates. It featured panel presentations, networking receptions, and a keynote address from Backflip Studios founder Julian Farrior ’93.
Farrior’s speech quickly traced his career from Colgate to Yahoo, then focused on his move to entrepreneurialism. In 2008, after venturing into the mobile app market while developing specialized mapping software, Farrior realized that there were few options — and a growing market — for exciting mobile games. “My parents were talking about games,” he said. “That was absurd to me.”
Backflip Studios was born in this moment of disruption, and has quickly grown from three employees to a team of 100, generating more than $150 million in revenue.
“Here’s the takeaway,” Farrior told sophomores. “Opportunity is not linear. In periods of stagnation and decline throughout your career, you always have to be attuned to and looking for those opportunities that will catapult you to the next level.”
Before and after Farrior’s address, alumni met with students at industry-specific breakout sessions. Conversations were intended to help attendees clarify their academic and professional vision — the first step toward becoming ideal candidates for employers and graduate school admission officers.
Speaking to undergraduates interested in media careers, Paul Toscano ’07 pointed out that he began college as a pre-med major. Then, he spent a summer making a feature-length movie with his friends, and the experience turned him on to Colgate’s film and media studies courses. “They weren’t classes to me,” he said. “That’s how I knew it was what I wanted to do.”
Today, Toscano is a producer at CNBC — a storyteller without a beat. He has covered topics ranging from real estate markets to counterfeit pharmaceuticals.
Undergraduates also had the chance to speak with alumni working in government, technology, the arts, business, education, environmental affairs, finance, healthcare, law, nonprofit, and research. Alumni and university staff partnered for presentations on résumé writing, creating a digital identity, and more. Dean of the Faculty Douglas Hicks and Associate Dean of the Faculty Nancy Pruitt also discussed the process of selecting a major and seeking out research opportunities.
“The strength of the alumni network is something that I’ve been told about since before I even came to Colgate, but I don’t think that I truly understood it until this event,” said Jessica Li ’15. “It was clear that, whether returning alumni had graduated in 2012 or 1950, they wanted to connect with us.”
Half of all alumni invitees came from the classes of 2000–2012. By combining their contacts, patience, persistence, and strong liberal arts education, they earned titles like founder, director, project manager, and senior adviser. Alumni who graduated more than 13 years ago brought their experiences as CEOs, chief marketing officers, vice presidents, and presidents.
“There’s an indebtedness that many alumni have to the school,” said Tom Dempsey ’72, retired president of Utz Quality Foods. “One way we can pay that back is to help make these current students as prepared as possible to be successful; they were hungry for information.”
SophoMORE Connections sprang from Colgate’s original Real World event, designed for seniors entering their final semester at the university. With the 2012–2013 academic year, Real World was transformed into a full-year series focused on networking and the post-Colgate transition. This shift allowed career services to create SophoMORE Connections and further expand the impact of alumni engagement.
“The weekend exceeded our expectations,” said Michael Sciola, associate vice president for advancement and director of career services. “Connecting sophomores with alumni around topics of career direction and success — it was perfect timing.”On May 12, 2008, at 8:07 PM, David Cournapeau wrote: > eric. > Ok. That is likely not optimal, but your other comments about speeding up the use of fftpack algorithms may ameliorate this issue while simplifying build. > I would guess that on linux, people use fftw3, since it > is packaged by most distributions. How do 3rd party Linux version packagers ( Redhat, Ubuntu, Suse, etc) package SciPy? Do they link against fftw or fftpack? > > >. One option would be to just use djbfft with fftpack. This was the idea when it was added. > > >. If it can be removed and we can keep the speed, that seems like a great win. If we loose the speed, I'd prefer just limiting djbfft to use with fftpack and disallowing the other combinations. eric > > > cheers, > > David > _______________________________________________ > Scipy-dev mailing list > Scipy-dev@scipy.org > >Kim Sa Rang867 fans
- Age: 37
- Birthday: January 12, 1978
- Height: 5' 9" (174 cm)
- Weight: 112 lbs. (51 kg)
- O
Biography
Kim Sa Rang was born in South Korea on January 12, 1978. She attended Yongin University, where she studied Traditional Korean Music. She began her performance career in 2000. That year, she was crowned Miss Korea. She also acted in her first television, Anger of Angel, that same year.
The following year, she was given a larger role than her last, this time on the television series How Should I Be. She then had a lead role on the show Mina. In 2002, she acted in her first film, which was called Birth of a Man. Then, in 2003, she was given yet another large role on the fantasy television series Thousand Years of Love.
She continued to take roles on various television series over the next few years, including a part on the popular show The King and I in 2007. She also won a best supporting actress award from KBS Performance Awards for her role on the show A Love to Kill. In 2008 she was given the starring role on the series Tokyo Shower. Then, in 2010, she was given what was perhaps her most beloved role, playing one of the lead parts on the hit romantic drama Secret Garden.Texas Waste Managment to be Named After Fred Durst, Make’s Sense!
Fred Durst and garbage. Make’s Sense!
Austin, Texas is looking for a new name for its Solid Waste Services Department, something that “better reflects all of the services the department provides.”
So who better to ask than the good people of Austin — or, better yet, the entire population of the Internet? The department has put it to an online vote, and the leader, by a huge margin is “The Fred Durst Society of the Humanities and Arts.” The FDSHA has garnered more than 25,000 votes. The runner up, the “Department of Neat and Clean” has just under 2,000 votes. In a distant third is “Ministry of Filth.”
Kyle Hentges, 24, who has lived in Austin for just seven months, told TPM he submitted the idea as a result of “insomnia and boredom.” He feels Limp Bizkit is worthy of being associated with waste services.
“I guess you could say i did it for the nookie,” Hentges said in a joking reference to LImp Biskets first sin Spoiler alert: he’s not actually a Limp Bizkit fan.
Story found on".
New Hampshire Small Business Health Insurance Options
Nov 2008
FREE
SMALL BUSINESS HEALTH INSURANCE QUOTES
Start here...
Select Insurance Type:
Small Business Health
Individual Health
Group Health
Short Term Health
Family Health
Medicare Supplemental
Travel Insurance
Zip code:
As a small business owner obtaining health insurance coverage for your employees can be a major challenge given today's economy. So it's important to research and get quotes from multiple providers and to do your best to assess your employees needs before choosing a plan. After all, there's more to health insurance costs than just the price.
One small business owner who is concerned about health insurance costs for his employees is William Hurley: founder and president of Infinite Imaging -- a copy and graphics design company -- who was recently interviewed by Michael Mccord of New Hampshire's SeaCoastOnline.com.
In addition to concern about premiums, he's also concerned about choices, saying there are too few choices when it comes to
New Hampshire small business health insurance
. He's not alone in feeling that way; many small business owners find that choosing health insurance for their business is a maze of choices and options that can all-too-often look identical. Only then after the commitment is made do they find it doesn't fit their expectations or give their employees the coverage they need.
Hurley, like many small business owners, feels that "the good news on the national level is that all the bad news is behind us." "If we have no more ugliness lurking, we've seen the worst of it in the past two or three quarters."
Facts on:
New Hampshire Small Business Health Insurance
Did you know...
Some health insurance rates have increased 30% this year?
Hurley knows without doubt that his business taxes will increase, but he said, "If we focus our dollars on what needs to be done, it will be worth it." He has confidence in Barack Obama's goals, and in particular the tax credits of $3,000 for each new employee hired in 2009 and 2010, as well as a push to health-care reform to help small businesses like his.
"Our health insurance rates have increased 30% this year and this is unsustainable." When premiums go up $50,000 to $70,000, that is money we don't have to hire new employees or equipment," said Hurley. He's confident the Obama administration will keep its promise to spur small business growth, but for him the top target is health care which he thinks has become a corrosive "tax" on businesses collected by the insurance industry.
Current Topic:
California Health Insurance Bill Heads to Vote::
Will Health Coverage Premium Hikes See More Regulation?In this video, Dave Parry from SolarFlare presents: The OpenOnload User-level Network Stack.
This talk presents the OpenOnload architecture for user-level networking, which is rapidly becoming the de-facto standard for user-space protocol processing of TCP and UDP particularly in latency sensitive applications for the financial markets. We describe our solutions to the challenges outlined above, performance measurements and real world deployment-cases.”
Recorded at the Hot Interconnects 2012 conference in Santa Clara. Download the slides (PDF).In order to make a single or double door invisible, Dorma created an appropriately discrete pivot system. Suitable for doors using 3/8"- or 1/2"-thick glass, the aluminum closer fulfills the job with stealth; all other hardware components are hidden in the door panel. To the discerning eye, it’s all in the details. dorma.com
Join the Discussion
Please read our Content Guidelines before postingOn Tuesday the ""National Association of Realtors"": (NAR) released statistics showing a northerly thrust for commercial markets, as job growth and brightening spots in the U.S. economy contributed to a growing level of confidence.[IMAGE]
The ""association"": predicted that office vacancy rates will decline from the second quarter this year to the same period in 2012, with corresponding 0.9 point and 0.5 point drops in the industrial real estate and retail sectors, respectively.[COLUMN_BREAK]
Statistics pointed to a 1.1 percentage drop in the multifamily rental market, according to ""_Mortgage Professional Magazine_"":.
""Job growth creates demand for commercial space, and the economy should be adding between 1.5 million and two million jobs annually both this year and in 2012, with the unemployment rate falling to 8.0 percent by the end of next year,"" the magazine reported Lawrence Yun, ""NAR's"": chief economist, as saying. ""Given the minimal new supply in recent years, the rising demand means vacancy rates will be trending down in the commercial real estate sectors. Individual markets are now stabilizing and in some cases rising.""
Surveying over 360 local market experts, the ""Society of Industrial and Office Realtors"": released a Commercial Real Estate Index that showed the northeastern and southern regions propelling market improvements, with a 6.8 percentage rise to 57.6 points in the first quarter, according to ""_Mortgage Professional Magazine_"":.
""Just as in the residential sector, lending problems are the biggest issue impacting commercial real estate,"" Yun said. ""Solid rises in apartment rents will force some renters to consider homeownership.""
""NAR"": is a research and policy organization for realtors nationwide.One would have thought my mother coined the phrase, “if you have nothing good to say, then say nothing at all” and that she was paid to repeat, “if you’re not a part of the solution, then you’re a part of the problem.”
After reading “How Big Telecom Used Smartphones to Create a New Digital Divide,” it’s apparent the author wasn’t privy to such insights growing up. The lengthy article is all about the supposed conspiracy of phone companies using smartphones to discriminate against minorities—some of their best customers.
However, the article contradicts itself, seems intentionally and unfairly negative with regard to the telecom industry and is definitely not a part of the solution. Colorlines calls it investigative reporting.
I call it destructive.
It begins by lauding the industry for its inexpensive mobile devices that allow users to surf the web. Citing research from the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project, the article informs readers that wireless access and smartphones have been the choice of Latinos, African Americans, and others who traditionally have been disadvantaged.
Then suddenly it takes a turn. Instead of recognizing the industry for making accessible, affordable smartphones that bridge the Internet’s long-discussed digital divide, Colorlines accuses the telecom industry of intentionally creating a digital second class. They go on to assert the existence of two internets in the United States:
.”
The other internet is referred to as a “Cyber Ghetto” – the lesser that Internet minorities are relegated to.
Colorlines refuses to see smartphones, wireless broadband and the companies who make them available for purchase for what they really are: a revolutionary success for innovation and Internet access.
Smartphones and wireless broadband put the power of an Internet computer in the palm of a users hand for a fraction of the price. Isn’t that what it’s all about?
They can do more with less from anywhere—banking, email, surfing the web, conducting business and playing games. Smartphones have even had a hand in ousting dictators. Mobile money services – from banking to grocery shopping – have made life a little easier for Haitian earthquake victims, and it is fast becoming an efficient, inexpensive way of life.
Smartphones and wireless have been more successful than we could have imagined just ten years ago. This success is something that Latino and African American communities have taken advantage of. Wireless broadband holds special promise for minorities and the less affluent who tend to lag behind in adopting wired broadband. In the Pew study, it’s noted that “roughly one third of these ‘cell mostly’ Internet users lack a high-speed home broadband connection.”
Specifically, Pew reports:
- 38 percent of Blacks and Latinos go online primarily with their cell phone, compared to 17 percent of whites.
- 40 percent of those with annual incomes below $30,000 are “cell mostly” for Internet, compared to 17 percent for those with incomes over $50,000 a year.
- 42 percent of those under age 30 are in the “cell mostly” group compared to 21 percent for ages 30-49 and 10 percent for Americans aged 50 and above.
With these facts it is quite a stretch to claim that wireless is a “Cyber Ghetto” and wired is Rodeo Drive.
In an ideal world everyone would have the resources and/or opportunity to have both a broadband connection at home and a mobile Internet enabled device in their pocket. That is just not the case. In many cases, wired broadband isn’t affordable or it’s not available. And, in some cases, wireless broadband is superior to certain wired broadband offerings in both speed and quality.
Wireless broadband and smartphones have driven down the cost of computing and Internet access, created more choice for consumers, narrowed the digital divide, and driven innovation that empowers those who were previously left behind.
So, the author’s criticisms are sorely misdirected. Telecoms should be praised for bridging the gap while the FCC and the Administration are still trying to figure out the best way to roll out the National Broadband Plan.
Colorlines should really be a part of the solution. The telecoms sure seem to be doing so.
It's irresponsible for a legit journalist or news outlet to crank out puff pieces that amount to propaganda. That's what advertising's for.
At this point in time wireless broadband represents just an entry point for high-speed Internet service; a bare-bones solution. And of its various topologies — satellite, Wi-Fi/WiMAX, and terrestrial cellular telephony — the mobile telcos provide the slowest data speeds with inferior quality-of-sservice for the least capable devices. They don't offer much savings dollar-wise or in terms of real value compared to fixed-wire plans. Partially because the mobile telcos have been able to manipulate the market in their favor, competing technologies have developed more slowly and the result has adversely affected already underserved markets. The Colorlines article is correct in describing the environment as a cyber ghetto, for there remains a considerable digital divide in place.
It's also quite irresponsible to suggest these private companies are performing a public service. They're not giving the services away! They're motivated by profit, period. They invest the minimum amount possible toward maximizing their earnings.
Puff piece? Nonsense.
This article simply points out the obvious.
Wireless is not fixed wire — and it does not have the capacity of wired Internet (there is not enough spectrum available).
Yes it is a business, not a public service. But look at it this way — where would many Americans be without wireless?
They’d be waiting for high-priced wired Internet to be extended to their neighborhoods, one of these days.
Wireless is the point of access that millions of Americans prefer and use. More competition might be helpful — but there is much more competition among wireless providers than among the wired side, which is often granted market monopolies.
The wireless industry is pushing access to every corner of urban and rural America. That’s good for all — and a great economic equalizer.
By comparison, what has the wired providers done for access? Not much.
"Wireless is not fixed wire…"
No kidding?
There's always going to be a finite amount of spectrum available for wireless communications at any given point in time. However, the space can be used more efficiently as new technological developments are spurred (primarily) by market competition. As I mentioned earlier 'wireless' describes Wi-Fi, WiMAX, satellite and cellular telephony. Of the four technologies, cellular telephony is the least capable but benefits from a U.S. regulatory environment that cedes mobile telcos a considerable advantage through lax enforcement. In fact, our entire telecom sector isn't competitive; mobile telcos are owned by what remains of old 'fixed-wire' RBOCs and cable companies, like AT&T and Verizon. The result is a bad deal for American consumers and the economy.
In dismissing Colorlines' piece as a "hit job" on the wireless industry, Ms. Barnette not only ignored various facts that didn't jibe with her CTIA-fed talking points, she suggested mobile telephony represents the totality of wireless technology. It's for these reasons why her opinion isn't credible.
Mr. Tucker, I agree wholeheartedly. Every article on telecom spews the same "affinity groupspeak". I don't know why I keep reading. Really, I keep reading hoping some young lion or lioness will have a breakthrough or at least stop regurgitating myths. I think these writers have been duped (or not) about what the "public good" is.
I am a hard-working African American mother and cannot afford to have both wired internet access and my mobile phone. I had to make a choice. I chose my phone. With my phone I have access to the internet, thousands of free apps, I have access to navigational devices, I have access to books, email, news, weather, and I have access to my children.
"I am not what you call me, but what I answer to…" (This is my mom's favorite saying). And you can call me a "Cyber Ghetto" user if you want, but I use my wireless smartphone and other wireless devices more than I use my wired computer and I make a very good living, even live in a nice neigborhood (although not quite Rodeo Drive!). Thank goodness I'm able to work from my phone. Ghetto? Not hardly!!!
Okay, here we go! The only corporate-fed jargon that I see is coming from Wm_Tucker. There is no way any regular ole user of wireless would spit fire about wireless unless they were working for wired internet. The benefits of wireless (all forms of wireless) are just too many to even talk about, how could you not see it?
Lovin' wireless! Call it whatever you want. I'm happy to be able to work from almost anywhere and that's thanks to the innovation created by wireless technology.
After reading the Colorlines article, I was disappointed at the turn it took, which was a poorly veiled attempt at defending net neutrality. The "cyber-ghetto" mentioned in the article is an apt description of the digital divide.
It's not merely about access anymore. As Ms. Barnette points out, smart phones and other devices allow for wireless access to the Internet. I do agree with other commentators that wireless access is more expensive than fixed wireline.
The greater cost, however, is the lost opportunities to create, package, and distribute content that can be sold to generate revenues and income. Applying for jobs, writing columns, or producing schematics simply is not possible on a smartphone.
[...] Politic365 ran an article this week which responds to a previous article which focused on wireless broadband creating a new digital divide. The original article, Colorlines, contends that smartphones and mobile broadband service from wireless companies are creating two Internets. In addition, the article argues that wireless Internet is the “Cyber Ghetto” because minorities are more likely to rely on the service for digital access and that it is inheritably inferior to wired service. Not only is this view incorrect, it negatively affects the pursuit of reducing the real digital divide – which is between those who have regular access to the Internet and those who don’t. [...]EVENT CALENDAR
Wondrous Cold: An Antarctic Journey
- BEST BETDATE: March 15 2010, 6:00 PMCost:CATEGORY: Arts and ExhibitsVENUE INFORMATION:Wildlife Experience10035 S. Peoria St.Parker, CO 80134
The weather may be warming up, but it's still below zero at the Wildlife Experience. Award-winning photographer Joan Myers' work, which depicts her journey at the McMurdo Station in Antarctica, is on display. Tue-Sun 9 a.m.-5 p.m.
More Information:
Visit.Bats Theatre - Latest News [Page 1]
Embody2
Monday, 20 April 2015, 2:38 pm | Bats Theatre
Embody2 is a new performance platform for artists who practice and work within the mediums of the body, movement, dance, sound, visuals and music. More >>
Letters from the Front brings ANZAC letters alive
Thursday, 2 April 2015, 12:50 pm | Bats Theatre
Improv troupe Best on Tap is bringing a special show to BATS for ANZAC Day. More >>
Fast and loose theatre from nothing!
Monday, 30 March 2015, 3:16 pm | Bats Theatre
PlayShop is pleased to announce the return of its flagship show, LIVE. PlayShop LIVE is late-night improvised comedy without limits, fast, physical, and unpredictable, and it's performed every Friday night! A team of 4 skilled actors and a musician ... More >>
Once Upon a Time in Wellington
Friday, 10 October 2014, 3:32 pm | >>
Afterlife of a Fringe Favourite
Thursday, 2 October 2014, 11:34 am | Bats Theatre
After a crowd-pleasing run at the 2014 Fringe, Alice May Connolly brings her lo-fi comic fairy tale to the BATS stage in October. Written and performed by Connolly ( Vampimple , The Bacchanals), joined on stage by Hillary Penwarden (The Bacchanals), ... More >>
TONIGHT [28/8/14]: The Great Political Comedy Debate
Thursday, 28 August 2014, 12:22 pm | Bats Theatre
It's a night for debating. You could stay home frowning at tonight's Leaders debate, or laugh it up with us at BATS! More >>
BATS Theatre to become a hive of political performance
Monday, 18 August 2014, 2:34 pm | Bats Theatre. More >>
Teenage Brazilian Drag Queen Dominatrix Tells Her Secrets
Tuesday, 5 August 2014, 4:40 pm | Bats Theatre
After Sold out shows in Melbourne, Sydney and Auckland, Mistress Dominique is coming to Wellington to share the secrets of her profession. More >>
BATS calls for community to join flight home
Thursday, 19 June 2014, 12:42 pm | Bats Theatre
BATS Theatre is gearing up, literally, for a return to a strengthened and refurbished building late this year and has announced a deadline of August 1st to reach a target of $25,000 through their fundraising website at. More >>
“Perfect” Benedict Cumberbatch inspires new show
Tuesday, 10 June 2014, 9:59 pm | Bats Theatre
An obsession with British actor and movie star Benedict Cumberbatch has inspired three Wellington women to write and perform “Benedict Cumberbatch Must Die”, on at BATS Theatre from 19 to 28 June. More >>
Helping BATS Fly Home
Thursday, 10 April 2014, 11:25 >>
Helping BATS Fly Home
Thursday, 10 April 2014, 11:24 >>
I, Monster
Friday, 14 March 2014, 10:52 am | Bats Theatre
Man, Monster, Machine. Contemporary dancer and performance artist Kyah Dove traverses the landscape of being human in this graphically intense and highly physical body of work. More >>
BATS Theatre Pulls Back the Curtain on 2013 STAB Season
Thursday, 12 September 2013, 12:08 pm | Bats Theatre
On Monday evening 9th September 2013, the Chair of the BATS Theatre Board, Victoria Spackman, pulled back the curtain at BATS Out of Site to reveal to media and gathered members of the arts community details of the 2013 STAB season. More >>
I Betty Ya Didn't Know This About Colonial New Zealand
Tuesday, 10 September 2013, 12:39 pm | Bats Theatre
It's the middle of the 19th century and rich people hate poor people like, a lot. In England they are trying hard to rid the streets of the lower classes. More >>
Compelling, Witty and Perceptive American Journey
Monday, 10 June 2013, 2:47 pm | Bats Theatre
Comedy musical ONE MAN GUY: DIRTY AMERICAN DECADE is coming to Wellington’s BATS Theatre following a successful Auckland season. More >>
Bangkok to open at Bats this month
Thursday, 4 April 2013, 2:30 pm | Bats Theatre
Lilly Csorgo, one of Wellington’s newest theatre arrivals, is bringing her play Bangkok to a Wellington Audience this month. Bangkok was workshopped as part of the prestigious RAW Reading Series in New York City, and the Banff playRites Colony. More >>
Life. After.
Wednesday, 3 April 2013, 3:29 pm | Bats Theatre
Life. After. began when playwright Anita Ross stumbled upon an intriguing idea. What if the living and the dead had the chance (or the misfortune) to grieve together? More >>
Have You Ever Wanted Superpowers?
Tuesday, 26 February 2013, 10:17 am | Bats Theatre
PRESS ... More >>
Riddiford Street:: Laughter is the Best Medicine
Monday, 25 February 2013, 9:36 am | Bats Theatre
One of Wellington's newest Troupes, PlayShop, brings you Medical Soap Opera at its best..and most raw. A cast of 16 will rotate through the 5 night season to unfurl tales of romance, betrayal, friendships...and health care. More >>Branding with the Firefly Principles
Listen to our featured Those Branding Guys radio show podcast: Rubina Cohen and the 4Cs of the New Economy
Hello, I’m Jim Glover, That Branding Guy, for Once a Day Marketing™. On our radio show Those Branding Guys, we discussed branding in the amazing times we live in.
Joining us in the studio was Rubina Cohen, CEO of Firefly Strategies, whose manifesto is to generate income and impact in the new economy. Cohen’s background is in marketing and she used these skills to start her own business. The consultancy works with organizations and entrepreneurs as well as non-profits.
Cohen describes the times we live in as the Entrepreneur Era. She defines the new economy as the emergence of the entrepreneurial spirit and the desire to do good and earn a living at the same time. It also means a new relationship between large and small companies. Small companies have a big role to play in the new economy. The shift is due in part to numerous people leaving the 9-5 grind, following their passion and starting businesses. Glover commented that many people focus on their own passion once they retire.
To enable businesses to embrace the era, Rubina shared the Firefly principals. The 4 Cs of generating income and impact in the new economy are: Focus on Connection, Collaboration, Creativity and Consistency. Building a connection and letting customers know why they should do business with you is a key element. Collaboration is a shift in mindset to find synergy with your competition rather than seeking to push them out. Creativity should be brought into the development of solutions and keeping things fresh for the customer, in your environment as well as advertising.
Execute these principals and tie them together with Consistency. Don’t try various directions and then abandon them. Be disciplined with the message you share with your target customers. Listen to the radio show and determine how you can make the 4Cs work for your business..
Filed in: 7Ps of Marketing • Knowledge • Process…Stand tall, wear a crown and be sweet on the inside!
♬ ♪ pineapple morning / Jett Rebel
…Stand tall, wear a crown and be sweet on the inside!
♬ ♪ pineapple morning / Jett Rebel
When it all falls, when it all falls down
I’ll be your fire when the lights go out…
This
I need someone to show me the things in life that I can’t find
I can’t see the things that make true happiness, I must be blind…
♬ ♪ paranoid / Black SabbathDALLAS (AP) - Mike Modano scored his first power-play goal in 1988 while playing for the Minnesota North Stars. He finally broke the franchise record 17 years later - long after the team moved to Texas.
Modano set the mark in the second period on Sunday and Niko Kapanen added a short-handed goal to send the Dallas Stars to a 3-2 victory over the Calgary Flames.
Modano notched his 135th man-advantage goal at 6:18 of the middle frame. He beat Calgary goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff on a one-timer from the slot to move in front of Brian Bellows on the team's career list and give the Stars a 2-1 lead.
"It's something I've known I was creeping up on," said Modano, who hasn't played for any other NHL franchise. "It's been fun chasing these numbers and breaking records. I'm fortunate enough to be around long enough to accumulate those numbers and have great players around you to reach those goals."
Jason Arnott snapped a 2-all tie with his 28th goal of the season early in the second period and the Stars held on to win for the 10th time in 12 games.
Marty Turco stopped 17 shots for Dallas, which stretched its Pacific Division advantage over Anaheim to 13 points.
Turco set a single-season franchise record with his NHL-high 38th victory, coming up with key third-period saves on rebound attempts by Byron Ritchie and Jarome Iginla.
"He's had a very good year," Stars coach Dave Tippett said. "The number he cares most about is wins. The other numbers are inconsequential. That's a credit to him; 38 wins is a lot of wins."
Turco (2003-04) and Ed Belfour (1997-98) shared the previous mark of 37 wins.
"We showed a lot of character today," Turco said. "Calgary brings it on every shift. We'll definitely take the two points."
Jamie Lundmark and Jordan Leopold had power-play goals for Calgary, which has lost five of seven and failed to extend its lead in the Northwest Division.
But the Stars negated nine other power-play opportunities by the Flames in a physical game that included 28 penalties.
"We got two power-play goals but it's not really about percentages," Iginla said. "As a group it's about finding the big goal. We had chances, especially late, to get the equalizer, and we couldn't cash in."
The Stars got a big lift from penalty killers Stu Barnes, Jere Lehtinen, Sergei Zubov and Willie Mitchell, but Tippett said his team can't afford a parade to the penalty box in the postseason.
"We won't be successful in a playoff game like that," Tippett said. "We'll take the win and learn from our mistakes. It's easy to whine and cry. But we'll whine and cry our way right out of the playoffs if we do that."
Lundmark converted Leopold's centering pass at 10:56 of the first period for the game's first goal, but the Flames - who went 2-4-1 on their seven-game road trip - felt they could have had more.
"We wanted to put a good string together," Iginla said. "We didn't do that. Now it's about winning the next game. It's crunch time. A lot of teams are desperate. This will be a dogfight."
Dallas tied it at 1 while on the penalty kill when Kapanen knocked in a rebound at 1:52 of the second period.
Modano gave the Stars their first lead, but Leopold connected on the power play 28 seconds later to tie it at 2 with his second goal of the season.
Arnott's goal on an individual rush up the left side gave Dallas a 3-2 advantage.
Notes: Calgary lost three of four to Dallas this season. ... Arnott has 68 points to match his career high set in the 1993-94 season for the Edmonton Oilers. ... Calgary LW Marcus Nilson left in the first period with a knee injury and didn't return. Flames coach Darryl Sutter had no details on Nilson's condition.Too much copper, lead, zinc and mercury found in inner harbour
News release – Greater Wellington Regional Council
The results of a 2011 Wellington Harbour sediment survey show Wellington’s stormwater continues to be an ongoing source of heavy metal contamination for the harbour.
The survey which was carried out by Greater Wellington Regional Council and part funded by Wellington City Council, was the second of its kind. It investigated sediment quality and the health of the sediment-dwelling animals, at 16 subtidal sites in the Wellington Harbour.
Results show that concentrations of copper, lead, zinc and mercury exceeded nationally recognised guidelines at several sites with the highest concentrations found at sites closer to the city. Sources of these contaminants include vehicle brake and tyre wear, galvanised roofs, road dust and soil that has in the past been contaminated with leaded petrol and lead based paints.
Hydrocarbon concentrations (such as from vehicle exhausts and tyre wear) also exceeded guidelines at inner harbour and Evans bay sites but it is thought that much of this contamination is historic from industries such as the gasworks at Miramar. Despite being banned in the late 1980s, the pesticide DDT is also apparent throughout the harbour with higher concentrations closer to the city.
Examination of creatures living on the harbour floor identified 124 species, among them tiny crustaceans, worms, urchins, bivalves and brittle stars. These invertebrate communities have shown little change in the last five years and remain reasonably diverse. However, invasive species and those with a high degree of pollution tolerance appear to dominate at sites with higher amounts of mud and contaminants.
Regional Council coastal scientist Dr Megan Oliver says that while there were some statistically significant changes in contamination levels between this survey and the 2006 study, it is still too early to determine if the changes are environmentally meaningful. “The accumulation of contaminants is a relatively slow process and at least another three surveys will be needed before we can say if the situation is improving or worsening.” Dr Oliver says. “Overall there are contamination hotspots but the animal communities living there appear reasonably healthy and diverse and are similar to harbour communities found elsewhere in New Zealand”.
The contaminated sediment poses little risk to people but could, if the accumulation of contaminant continues, have an adverse effect on marine life as sediment-dwelling organisms provide vital habitat and food for numerous fish and other species.
To confirm assumptions about contamination source, tests were also carried out on sediment collected from roadside stormwater catchpits. These also contained substantial amounts of copper, lead and zinc indicating that urban stormwater run-off is an ongoing source of heavy metal contamination for the harbour.
Wellington Regional Council’s Environmental Management spokesperson, Councillor Chris Laidlaw says the study reinforced the need for us to increase our awareness of how our actions on land impact on the quality of water.
“Wellington Harbour is one of our most important coastal environments. We have built our communities around it and because of this everything we do has an impact on it. The study is a timely reminder that we need to reduce the amount of contaminants we allow to flow into the stormwater system and ultimately the harbour. It is up to us to protect the marine ecosystem and we do that by caring for our waterways both, natural and manmade,” the councillor says.
Councillor Laidlaw points out that a catchment committee is soon to be established in the Hutt/ Wellington area and this committee will focus on land and water management ultimately influencing the rules and policies in the Regional Plan.
Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz
Original urlSeattle Film Buff
One Seattle area film buff’s opinions about movie releases both big and small, the local cinema scene, new DVD recommendations and the classics that should never be forgotten.
Yearly Archive for 2009
My 2009 Top Ten List
By my count, there were 327 movies released in the Seattle area this year and I managed to see 181 one of them. Of those 181, I wrote reviews of 86. As usual, it was difficult to narrow my favorites list down to ten, but here it is. It will be interesting to look back 10 years from now and see what’s changed. [Read More]
Movie Review: The Young Victoria
Movie Review: Invictus
Movie Review: Me and Orson Welles
Movie Review: Everybody’s Fine
Show MoreAnyone who could give me advice on this, I would greatly appreciate it. I've spent most of my day searching for something that made sense and found a few things but I'm totally stuck at this point. I have to read a .dat file that I have into 3 separate arrays. Here is what I have so far...
students.dat file
LENNON 1 4.0
MACARTNEY 2 3.7
HARRISON 3 2.95
STARR 3 3.97
HOWARD 1 3.2
FINE 3 2.11
BESSER 2 4.0
DERITA 1 3.9
Each line represents one student. All columns are separated by one space. Assume there are up to 100 students. Will never be more than 100, but possibly up to 100. Program has to read students.dat file into 3 arrays, one array for each column.
The name has to be a string type
The second column is an int type
The third is a double
I'm totally lost about how to pass these into the arrays. Here is my code so far. It has to be 3 arrays, can't use anything else. Thanks in advance for any help.
Code:#include <iostream> #include <fstream> #include <string> #include <iomanip> using namespace std; //Set constant for length of array const int arrayLength = 100; int main( ) { //Set file variable and open file ifstream inFile; inFile.open("students.dat"); //Set error if file name is not correct if(inFile.fail()) { cout << "Error: Can't open file. Recheck your filenames" << endl; return 0; } //Declare arrays for file input string lastName[arrayLength]; int classID[arrayLength]; double gpa[arrayLength]; while (! inFile.eof()) { } cout << "Welcome to Miss Winfred Fowl's GPA Report" << endl; cout << endl; cout << "All Students Report" << endl; //Set while loop with break to run loop until DONE is entered while(true) { string studentName; // Have the user input a name or DONE to quit the loop cout << endl; cout << "Please enter a student name: "; cin >> studentName; if(studentName == "DONE") { break; } } return 0; }Description: Stock Photo of Young athletic man preparing to run. White background in studio. - AbsolutVision Royalty Free Stock PhotoKeywords: Healthy, Lifestyle, Male, accelerate, active, activity, adult, alpha channel, athletic, attractive, beautiful, beauty, body, caucasian, charming, clipped, clipping path, cutout, erotic, exercise, fast, figure, fit, glamour, goodbody, gymnastics, handsome, health, healthy, isolated, male, man, manliness, masculinity, masked, men, muscular, nacked, one, over white background, people, person, potency, powerful, ready, run, runner, running, running, sexuality, sexy, sport, strong, tan, testosterone, training, vigor, vitality, youngAuthor: Tomasz TrojanowskiRelease info: model release available
Join today and begin downloading from our collection.
10-Credits US$5 (download up to 10 pictures)
1-YEAR Subscription US$50.00* (download up to 3600 pictures)
* The Best Stock Photo Deal !- Vegetable crops could to be in short supply this fall due to the drought.
- The region did get some rain last year, but not enough to cause the rivers to run.
- The Edwards, Carizzo-Wilcox, and other local aquifers are all low.
If you like leafy green vegetables, such as spinach and cabbage, you may find them to be in short supply this fall due to the drought, according to a Texas AgriLife Extension Service expert.
"The problem we're having right now is that we're starting to plant some of these crops like cabbage, and we're having heck keeping it wet enough to get it up and get it growing," said Dr. Larry Stein, AgriLife Extension horticulturist for southwestern Texas. "The other challenge we are having right now is that we don't know how much water we're going to have for the fall if it doesn't rain soon."
The Winter Garden area and surrounding region grows a wide range of vegetable crops, including onions and broccoli, Stein said. It grows most of the state's spinach. Most are cool-season crops and are planted in the fall and grown under irrigation.
This year, despite the drought, many area vegetable growers had a pretty good year because no rain meant less disease pressure. That all could change with fall plantings, he said.
The region did get some rain last year, but not enough to cause the rivers to run.
"We had an inch here, two inches there, but we never had any running water," he said. "So we have rivers that have not run in three to five years. The Nueces is about dry. If they don't run, we won't have any gravel water we can access."
With recharge from the rivers and faced with heavy demands through irrigation this summer, the Edwards, Carizzo-Wilcox, and other local aquifers are all low, according to Stein.
"Basically, we're starting to suck air from some of these wells," he said."We've got all these plans to plant, but if we don't get some rain soon, we're not going to have a whole lot of water to work with."
Stein said the large vegetable production areas in South Texas were better off because the watersheds there had been recharged from summer storms.
More information on the current Texas drought and wildfire alerts can be found on the AgriLife Extension Agricultural Drought Task Force website at.LIMESTONE COUNTY, Ala. (WHNT) – The next time Rob Rolf finds himself at a disaster scene, comforting distraught victims, he’ll be able to say, “I’ve know what you’re going through.” After a tornado struck the Bay Hill Neighborhood in Clements last week, the Limestone County Red Cross Chairman found himself for the first time on the receiving end of help.
The retired military man, who also deploys to disaster zones as a FEMA reservist, calls it “a humbling experience.” Fortunately, he and his wife, also a Red Cross volunteer, were prepared. As the tornado moved closer to Limestone County, the family sought shelter in the basement of their home on Bay Hill Drive. Once the storm reached Courtland, about five miles away, they moved to what Rolf calls their “hard shelter” – a back basement room stocked with enough food and emergency supplies for several days.
The event, along with the help the family received in the aftermath, has only strengthened Rolf’s commitment to the Red Cross and its message of emergency preparedness. “I can’t emphasize enough. The time to be ready for this is before. If you’re waiting until the siren goes off to find your batteries, to find your backup radio, it’s too late.”
For more information on emergency preparedness, you can visit the Red Cross site found here.Nyack College Chorale
Nyack College Chorale
Apr 05, 2013
The Nyack College Chorale will perform a program of classical, contemporary, and sacred music. These gifted young men and women have toured nationally and internationally, and have graced the stages of Avery Fisher Hall, Alice Tully Hall, and Carnegie Hall. In addition to performing in recitals and concerts, student performance opportunities include the School of Music’s Opera Theater Workshop, Wind Ensemble, Handbell Choir, Jazz Ensemble, Chamber Music, and Collegium Musicum which focuses on a pre-classical period repertoire.
The School of Music at Nyack College celebrates its 75th anniversary this year. Nearly 3,400 students institution-wide are enrolled in undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral programs offered at the college and the seminary.MD_DA410
DA
MD DA410 BUTTER - NORTHEAST
MADISON, WI. April 17, 2013 (Report 16)
NORTHEAST BUTTER
The CME Group butter price increased $0.0100 on Tuesday and closed at
$1.7700. Butter prices have not seen a decrease in the last 12 trading
sessions and have registered a net increase of $0.1400 over that period.
Trading activity has been fairly light with only 5 loads sold in the last 7
sessions. Ample cream supplies are maintaining good volumes going to
churns, keeping butter production steady. Domestic demand for butter has
softened, which is expanding some manufacturers' inventories of bulk butter.
Production of 82% unsalted butter continues at some plants as they fill
export orders. Export demand remains strong. Cooperatives Working Together
(CWT) has accepted requests for export assistance to sell 2.222 million
pounds (1,008 metric tons) of butter. The product will be delivered April
through September 2013. During 2013, CWT has assisted member cooperatives
in making export sales of butter totaling 49.368 million pounds and
anhydrous milk fat totaling 44,092 pounds. According to the National Dairy
Retail Report, retail butter ads in the Northeast totaled 905, 26% of the
total national ad count of 3,445, second highest of any region. The
weighted average price for a 1 lb. package of butter in the Northeast was
$2.82, 7 cents more than the national weighted average price and 3 cent more
than the previous reporting period. Current bulk butter prices have been
supported by export sales and are 4-10 cents over the market on the CME
Group with various time frames and averages used.
2013 U.S. Butter Imports (USDA-FAS)
(Million Lb.) % Change From % of
1 Year Ago Yearly Quota
Mar Quota Imports 0.98 + 91.8 6.3
Jan. - Mar.
High Tier .16 + 347.3 N.A.
Quota Imports 2.53 + 52.7 16.4
1100C rick.whipp@ams.usda.govThe group said it warned last May that prisoners had been tortured and one killed.
It comes after Downing Street confirmed it had received a Red Cross report on abuse concerns in February.
Amid mounting pressure to reveal when the government knew of the claims, Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon has promised to make a statement to the Commons on Iraq on Monday.
Now Amnesty says it first raised allegations of torture and the death of one Iraqi in UK custody in a memo to the Ministry of Defence last year.
This was followed by meetings with government officials.
'Secretive'
It met Ministry of Defence and Foreign Office officials last June to which the government responded two weeks later with a letter.
Amnesty says it sent another memo detailing allegations of mistreatment of prisoners in July and wrote again to Mr Hoon in October.
The MoD was unable to confirm details of the correspondence.
An Amnesty spokesman said it had hoped for an "impartial and civilian-led inquiry" but instead the claims were investigated by the "secretive" Royal Military Police.
"Torture and ill-treatment is entirely unacceptable and there must be a full
and independent inquiry as a matter of urgency," the spokesman added.
Amnesty said Mr Blair and Mr Hoon would have been sent thousands of letters in January about the death of an Iraqi prisoner from its members.
The government is already being called upon to reveal the contents of a Red Cross report it received in February about alleged abuse.
This was three months before the Daily Mirror published photographs allegedly showing prisoners being maltreated by British troops.
And on Friday it emerged the Red Cross had also warned US officials of alleged abuses involving American troops more than a year ago.
'Leaked in US'
The MoD has said it is "not likely" to publish the confidential Red Cross document.
A spokesman said action had been taken in response but declined to give details.
Shadow defence secretary Nicholas Soames said: "It appears Amnesty warned the government last May that there was a problem in a very small number of cases of mistreatment of prisoners." .
He said the Red Cross document had been leaked in the USA which made it difficult to argue against releasing it in Britain.
Earlier former Foreign Secretary Robin Cook said it was important the government made public the Red Cross report's contents.
And Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy told BBC One's Politics Show the government should publish whatever evidence it may have been given by the Red Cross.
"People have a right to know. We have got to get to the bottom of this. It is very, very serious indeed," he said.The Library
Synthesis of styryl tetrahydrofurans and tetrahydropyrans via addition of radicals to unsaturated sulfimides.
UNSPECIFIED. (1996) Synthesis of styryl tetrahydrofurans and tetrahydropyrans via addition of radicals to unsaturated sulfimides. TETRAHEDRON LETTERS, 37 (6). pp. 909-912. ISSN 0040-4039Full text not available from this repository.
Abstract
The addition of tetrahydrofuranyl or tetrahydropyranyl radicals to (E)-styryl sulfimide derivatives furnishes the corresponding (E)-styryl tetrahydrofurans or tetrahydropyrans respectively. The corresponding radical reactions with (Z)-styryl sulfimides gives rise to a mixture of (E) and (Z) isomers, this is in contrast to the Et(3)B mediated reaction, which is stereoselective.
Data sourced from Thomson Reuters' Web of Knowledge
Request changes or add full text files to a record15 Aug Screen Shot 2013-08-15 at 5.07.37 AM Share this story Posted at 07:09h in by Engine 2 Team 0 Comments 0 Likes Share this story Engine 2 Team The Engine 2 Team is dedicated to helping you become plant-strong! Each of us are on the plant-strong journey right along side of you!New President of Mexico Raises Questions Whether He has a Plan to Fight Drug Gangs View Count: 32
Enrique Peña Nieto’s victory as the new President of Mexico brings concerns not only over how he will represent the Institutional Revolutionary Party, which has a history of corruption, but also whether his pledges of fighting down the gangs of drug lords are sincere. Mexico, which is riddled with drug cartels that not only smuggle contrabands in the United States, but also orchestrate countless kidnappings and murders, has made such violence its central campaign issue. And though Nieto has promised to halve the number of kidnappings and murders during his six-year term, his plan for doing so remains ambiguous.
One of his plans is to create a 40,000-member paramilitary police force sent to the areas with most crime. But since this force will be peopled mostly by members of the military, this is viewed as continuing previous president Felipe Calderon’s excessive use of the military to fight the drug cartels. One difference, perhaps, is that this National Gendarmerie will be deployed to rural areas. Nieto plans on focusing more of police effort on fighting kidnappers and murders, and less on drug busts.
This has led some American politicians to criticize the new President’s plan as easing up on the drug trafficking into the states.
Nieto also plans on consolidating Mexico’s thousands of police departments in the 31 states, which have up to now proved incapable of coping with the extent of the crimes. Calderon had made similar promises, which suggest to many that Nieto is keeping the status quo and has no new insights.
“I’m more and more convinced that they don’t really have a blueprint,” said Eric Olson, the association director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington.
Nevertheless, congressmen Rep. Henry Cuellar, of Laredo, a friend of Nieto, says that “conversations over the weekend with the president-elect, the U.S. ambassador and a Mexican general close to Peña Nieto have convinced him that the new president won’t cut the cartels any slack.”
“That was actually my first question,” he said. “Now that I’ve got to know him, I feel like he’s not going to do that.”New President of Mexico Raises Questions Whether He has a Plan to Fight Drug Gangs by Daniel June
Tagged: drug cartels, enrique pena nieto, gangs, Mexico
Recent CommentsLyrics Depot is your source of lyrics to Leroy's Dustbowl Blues by Steve Earle. Please check back for more Steve Earle lyrics.
Leroy's Dustbowl Blues Lyrics
Artist: Steve Earle
Album: The Mountain
Related:
Steve Earle Lyrics
Steve Earle The Mountain Lyrics
More Steve Earle Music Lyrics:
Steve Earle - Another Town Lyrics
Steve Earle - Ashes To Ashes Lyrics
Steve Earle - Christmas In Washington Lyrics
Steve Earle - If You Need A Fool Lyrics
Steve Earle - Mystery Train Part II Lyrics
Steve Earle - Poor Boy Lyrics
Steve Earle - Sweet Little '66 Lyrics
Steve Earle - West Nashville Boogie LyricsCarolina Paving nabs $159,906 repaving contract By: Mecklenburg Times staff reports December 2, 2011 Block Grant will cover $58,000 of the costs. Sections repaved will be South Center Street behind the railroad tracks and ... Subscribe Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.Forgot your password? Share this:EmailPrintFacebookLinkedInTwitterGoogle +1Like this:Like Loading... 3:54 pm Fri, December 2, 2011 Mecklenburg Times: News for Mecklenburg, Union and Iredell counties Mecklenburg Times staff reportsProduct News: Test & Measuring Instruments
J-STD-001 Training Kit helps administer inspection requirements.
Press Release Summary:
January 15, 2014 - J-STD-001 Inspection Kit (Part No. STI-INSP-001-E1) helps Master IPC Trainers (MITs) and Certified IPC Trainers (CITs) administer physical inspection requirements of Module 5 of IPC-J-STD-001 training program. DVD within this training kit includes instructional video, board layout form, student terminal inspection worksheets and PCA inspection worksheet, and instructor answer keys. Encapsulated inspection samples, also included, comprise 6 printed PCA samples and 8 soldered terminal samples.
Original Press Release
STI Electronics Introduces New J-STD-001 Inspection Kit
Press release date: January 1, 2014
MADISON, AL — STI Electronics, Inc., a full service organization providing training services, electronic and industrial distribution, analytical and failure analysis, prototyping, and small- to medium-volume PCB assembly, has introduced its new J-STD-001 Inspection Kit (part number STI-INSP-001-E1)..
The kit includes:
• DVD
- Instructional video
- Board layout form
- Student terminal inspection worksheets
- Student printed circuit assembly (PCA) inspection worksheet
- Instructor answer keys
• Encapsulated inspection samples
- Six printed PCA samples
- Eight soldered terminal samples
These materials also can be used for other training programs that reference the IPC J-STD-001 criteria. To place an order, contact sales at 1-800-858-0604 or sales@stielectronicsinc.com..+ - US rejects iPod DVD movie ripping request
Xebikr writes: "The."Dallas Stars announce start time changes for two games
Friday, 08.2.2013 / 4:00 PM CT / Stars Releases
By Dallas Stars Staff
The Dallas Stars announced today that the start times for two games have been changed from their originally scheduled times.
The Stars' contest on Saturday, Dec. 7 against the Philadelphia Flyers will now start at 1:00 pm CT (originally 7:00 pm CT). Additionally, the club's matchup on Thursday, Jan. 23 against the Toronto Maple Leafs will now begin at 7:00 pm CT (originally 7:30 pm CT).
Updated list view of schedule
Updated calendar view of scheduleLike You Do Remixes - EP is the first remix EP by electropop artist Almamy. It was released January 17, 2008 on iTunes, Amazon MP3 and few other digital stores.
It features different mixes of Almamy's best-selling song Like You Do by established (Seelenluft) and up-and-coming producers/remixers, such as Ben & Nouch and En Masse among others.Posted 2 years ago
By Fred Gough
SALINA (AP) – A Salina man was found guilty of killing another man in a dispute over a stolen go-kart.
A Saline County jury found Kyle A. Nelson guilty Friday of voluntary manslaughter in the July 31 killing of 37-year-old Jeffrey B. Powell..What does TIARA mean in Military?
This page is about the meanings of the acronym/abbreviation/shorthand TIARA in the Governmental field in general and in the Military terminology in particular.
Tactical Intelligence And Related Activities
Translation
Find a translation for TIARA in other languages:
Select another language:
Definition
What does TIARA mean?
- tiara(noun)
- a jeweled headdress worn by women on formal occasions
see more on Definitions.net»
Discuss this TIARA abbreviation with the community:
Citation
Use the citation below to add this abbreviation to your bibliography:
"TIARA." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.ACHICA > Love Made Love > Love Made Love White Paris Heart Bodysuit
Click image to zoom -- or click here to enlarge
More Views
Adorable white romper with Paris heart and Eiffel tower. A romantic piece fit for a princess.
Fabric: 92% cotton, 8% elastane.
Care: machine wash at 30 degrees.
Product Code BGRPVOID
Fabric: 92% cotton, 8% elastane.
Care: machine wash at 30 degrees.
Product Code BGRArdis James,
a Nebraska-born philanthropist who with her husband established what is now the largest public collection of quilts in the world. ( NY Times 7-17-11).
How many stories have we read about this remarkable couple over the years? They have done so much to further the art of quilting ....click on Ardis's name for a slide show of their collection.
(quilting .....click here for more on the James collection)
Happy Sewing,
Kimby Dede Wilson
These 75 festive treats from around the world will sweeten your celebrations through the upcoming holiday season and all year long.
These delectable recipes are presented in the same colorful field guide format and with the same user-friendly lay-flat binding as the previous books in Wilson's best-selling Baker's Field Guide series. Arranged in chronological order by holiday, the candies are all photographed in full color and accompanied by "field notes" and symbols that explain at a glance the type, description, whether it's kid-friendly or especially quick to make, whether the candy stores, freezes, or ships well, and much more. Each recipe is broken down into simple, easy-to-follow steps, and the cheerful tone encourages cooks of all levels to succeed. While the creative can try Panoramic Sugar Eggs (for Easter) or Marzipan Night Before Christmas Mice, recipes like the Easiest Fudge in the World (Fourth of July) or Easy Marbled Candy Corn Bark (Halloween) can be whipped up by anyone with a sweet tooth.
And these sweets should not only be saved for holiday celebrations. Recipes include both classic candies and new twists on old favorites. Parents can make treats from their past (such as Salt Water Taffy and Ribbon Candy) with their kids, as well as more "adult" morsels (like Chocolate Walnut Rum Balls) for themselves. There are also recipes for homemade versions of favorite store bought candies like Easter Cream Eggs, Peanut Butter Cups, and Star-Shaped Marshmallows. Armed with this book and a few simple ingredients, bakers everywhere can create unexpected, inspired delights for any occasion.
About the Author
In addition to the Baker's Field Guide series, Dede Wilson is the author of Christmas Cooking for Dummies, Appetizers for Dummies, The Wedding Cake Book (nominated for an IACP award) and, most recently, Wedding Cakes You Can Make. She is a contributing editor to Bon Appetit, and a repeat guest of the Today show and The View. Wilson is the host of Seasonings with Dede Wilson, which airs on PBS stations nationwide and has appeared on CNN, Food Network, HGTV, and the Discovery Channel. She lives in Amherst, Massachusetts.
A Baker's Field Guide to
Holiday Candy & Confections
by Dede Wilson
Harvard Common Press
$16.95 U.S.; $21.95 CAN
ISBN: 1-55832-309-0Many people are using other software with softrock hardware. However
I think most of that "other" software is Dttsp based rather then
gnuradio based. The
hardware is designed to be connected to a sound card and outputs
I and Q over a pair of analog outputs. So what ever software you use
it would not have to "talk" to the softrock, it would talk to your
computer's audio subsystem. Connections to the SR are all
analog
The kit costs only $8 for the
receiver and even with it's use of SMD is not hard to build.
----
On Thu, Sep 25, 2008 at 6:55 AM, Paul Miller <address@hidden> wrote:
> Because of the very high cost of the USRP, I'm looking for
> alternatives. I found this gadget and I wondered if GNUradio is setup
> to use devices like this:
>
>
>
> It appears to have its own software, but I'd rather get it to work
> with gnuradio if it's possible to do so. Am I better of adapting the
> software they provide? Am I better of trying to find the money for a
> USRP? I don't know enough to even know how to approach these
> questions. It seems like everything I read in SDR turns into a very
> deep rabbit hole.
>
> --
> If riding in an airplane is flying, then riding in a boat is swimming.
> 107 jumps, 43.5 minutes of freefall, 83.4 freefall miles.
>
>
> _______________________________________________
> Discuss-gnuradio mailing list
> address@hidden
>
>
=====
Chris Albertson
Redondo Beach, California
_______________________________________________
Discuss-gnuradio mailing list
address@hiddenOutlook remains the same
Let’s start with information that you probably comes as no surprise: Outlook 2010 does not improve the HTML or CSS rendering situation in any way. It comes down to Microsoft’s continuing use of the MS Word rendering engine, which has been carried through from Outlook 2007.
If you’ve wondered why the Email Standards Project has gone so quiet, it is because unfortunately we’ve not had a lot of news. However, we’re still here, and we’re still working on ways to improve the capabilities of email clients in the long term.
We want to say thank you to everyone who has taken part so far, whether by tweeting or blogging or taking part in our Gmail Grimace or Fix Outlook campaigns.
What’s next?
Later this year we will be rerunning all of our email client tests, and possibly expanding them out to other email clients. Remember, this is about improving the situation for most designers, and that means concentrating on the mass market email tools which give us the most trouble. So while it is great to know that the latest free web mail client renders well, it isn’t really our role to test it.
We definitely appreciate your feedback though - what are the capabilities most troublesome and in which email clients are you running into the most problems? One piece of good news for designers is that mobile email clients are becoming more popular and the rendering we’ve seen so far has been pretty good. Webkit based email readers are by nature much easier to work with than traditional desktop engines.
In the corporate world Outlook still dominates, and that’s going to be true for quite some time yet. We’re not giving up on improving the next version of Outlook, and we’ll be asking for your help again in the future. Thanks for being part of this project!" OR logged_in_group_id == "1"}49ers release QB Bethel-Thompson to make room for Crabtree
McLeod Bethel-Thompson, the 49ers' fourth No. 3 quarterback since training camp, was released today to make room for wide receiver Michael Crabtree on the roster. On Monday, of course, Jim Harbaugh said Crabtree would be moved from the physically unable to perform list to the 53-man roster today.White Out: Rotor installation in Ghent, Belgium
A smear of paint transforms former bunkers on Ghent’s docks into a sequence of public spaces − and also into a critique of regeneration
Ghent is one of Belgium’s most important ports but during the last decade the focus of activity has shifted northwards, making the old docks near the city centre redundant. In a scenario familiar worldwide, they are now being redeveloped with a mix of offices and apartments. In the process, a 160m-long complex of canalside concrete bunkers used for storing sand and gravel- the Grindbakken- was earmarked as a new public space.
Architect Sarah Melsens and artist Roberta Gigante won the competition for its redesign and invited the Brussels-based practice Rotor to collaborate with them. In autumn 2012 they unveiled the result, which is not just a visually striking addition to the waterfront but a history lesson − a dossier on the way that buildings register the passage of time.
Melsens and Gigante proposed making cuts between the bunkers, so the public could circulate throughout them, and then to paint the whole complex white. Rotor’s intervention was to resist this total camouflage of white and instead leave some parts as they were, chosen for what they revealed about the construction of the bunkers and their subsequent life. Deciphering the evidence on site visits with people from other disciplines, including an engineer, a botanist and a former worker at the complex, Rotor identified 36 areas that together would tell a story. Retained on the walls ‘as found’, with explanatory captions nearby, these remnants are vivid and almost hyperreal amid the encompassing white.
An overriding theme of the highlighted patches is the behaviour of concrete. A wavering line across a whole bunker wall marks the boundary between one pour and the next. Other framed areas show the concrete staining and spalling as its reinforcement corrodes. At the bottom of one slanting wall the granular structure of concrete is particularly evident.
The concrete bears the imprint of industrial use
Elsewhere an expansion joint has lost its filling so now you can see the canal through the gap.Surrounded by white is a reddish square that looks from a distance to be a minimalist monochrome; its hue comes from the iron ore that was stored here once. Other colour changes on the walls reflect the former presence of water, accumulating as the drainage systems failed when the site became disused.
There are botanical clues to the bunkers’ past: for instance, the lichens that proliferate on one wall above a ghostly outline of the gravel heaps that hindered their formation lower down. ‘A lot of plants make no difference between a city and a mountainous landscape,’ says the caption beside some tenacious Biting Stonecrop. That staple of abandoned sites, Buddleia, of course makes an appearance and one wonky circle isolates a dense growth of moss. If plants and minerals have left their traces in the bunkers, so too have humans − and rather less discreetly. The captions drily distinguish between crude and more sophisticated graffiti: ‘We are dealing here with early attempts by youths in the course of discovering the possibilities of the spray can.’
The white enfilade of former storage spaces makes a vibrant contrast to its dingy surroundings
In many respects, Rotor’s Grindbakken recalls its exhibition in the Belgian pavilion at the 2010 Venice Architecture Biennale (AR October 2010). There the first impression on entering the building was of a minimalist art installation but the numerous scuffed monochromes proved to be table tops or seat covers or flooring. With its accompanying publication Usus/Usures, the display scrutinised the response to use of things and materials: ‘We looked for materials that were common and contemporary, showing mild wear as a result of moderate use,’ said Rotor.
While the approach seemed neutral and non-judgemental, the message to an architectural audience that habitually prefers the pristine was that wear is inevitable and perhaps should be embraced. ‘Wear humanises architecture and brings it to life,’ was the credo. Such sentiments are none too familiar, though they enhance Mohsen Mostafavi and David Leatherbarrow’s book On Weathering (MIT Press, 1993).
White paint has long been used by the art industry – via the ‘white cube’ – and architectural Modernists, to create unreal, Platonic voids.Here, the ‘imperfect’ white paint forms a subtle critique of this ideology, and of the ideology of regeneration itself, which so often attempts to whitewash the industrial past that it supplants and the indexical traces that humanise architecture
With so much white in evidence at the Grindbakken, and the bunkers resembling an alfresco gallery, I found myself thinking of the presentation of art in the last few decades, which has been torn between the ex-industrial space and the quintessential white cube.
In the case of industrial sites, consider the difference between Donald Judd’s hands-off renovation of Fort D A Russell in Marfa, Texas, and the treatment of London’s Tate Modern, where the disused power station has been largely emasculated by Herzog & de Meuron’s bland galleries. These Ghent bunkers are a reminder to always think twice before obliterating traces of history, making buildings more mute than they might be.
Inspected more closely, the paintwork’s lacunae reveal places of historic interest, identified by a roster of experts on site visits. The long zigzag shown here exposes a join between two pours of the concrete; in other spots, lichens and other flora, and human interventions in the form of graffiti, are islanded by the white
Naturally the arts crowd has loved Rotor’s Grindbakken bunkers, but there has also been a strong public response to its pedagogic aspects − its lessons about time and materials. The ensemble stayed intact for three or four weeks before it too was gradually appropriated by new graffiti, but happily there are many photos that record it at the outset. Meanwhile Rotor is busy curating this year’s Oslo Architecture Triennale, which will open on 19 September. The theme is sustainability and Rotor promises ‘to bring nuance and dissension to a field dominated by slogans’. That should be one to watch.
Have your say
You must sign in to make a comment.By Clint Morris
Check out anyone’s IMDB profile and you’ll find that most actors tend to have a cheapish, embarrassing title buried near the bottom. For instance, Jim Carrey has a terrible little Canadian comedy called “Copper Mountain” listed, Sandra Bullock has a couple – “Love Potion #9″ and “When the Party’s Over”, Jean Claude Van Damme has “Black Eagle”, and Adam Sandler has the always-available-to-rent “Going Overboard”. Matthew McConaughey’s got one two – only one of them’s up the top of his page!
Produced by and starring the constantly-shirtless Southerner, “Surfer Dude” is easily the worst film McConaughey has ever done (and this is a man whose doing such films as “Texas Chainsaw Massacre : The Beginning” and a film with Jennifer Lopez, remember!?). It’s a stinker and then some.
Why would McConaughey even do it? Especially now, when studios are knocking down his door to have him play the attractive male lead in what female-skewed rom-com they’re planning to push into theatres next Feb 14! Was it that the actor just wanted to get something cooking at his production company (JKL Productions)? And fast!? Is that why he didn’t wait for a decent script to come along before calling â€˜action’ on this lazy turd?
This vain, misdirected surfing comedy features McConaughey (without shirt, for the most part) as Steve Addington, back home in Malibu from a worldwide surfing expedition. Steve’s new sponsor Eddie Zarno (Jeffrey Nordling, â€˜’D3 : The Mighty Ducks”) wants him to participate in a high-tech virtual reality surfing game, but the surfing legend smells exploitation and resists the offer. Meanwhile Steve makes a movie on Dannii (Alexie Gilmore), one of Zarno’s employees.
Australian actor Nathan Phillips – in his second major U.S movie; the other being â€˜’Snakes on a Plane” – plays one of McConaughey’s surfing buddies. I’m betting he’ll be trying to scrub this (along with the ill-fated “Redline”) off his CV with large blobs of dry white-out in a coupla years.
If you can get through the film, which also features the likes of Woody Harrelson (why Woody!?) and Scott Glenn (Glenn!? Really!?) without using the scan or fast-forward button to get you thru til the end you deserve a medal.
Extras
Extras include a featurette (exploring McConaughey’s fascination with surfing – and those that do it), deleted scenes and webisodes.
Google+
YouTube
RSSYouth football:Kingsford meets
KINGSFORD - Kingsford Central U.P. Youth Football League player evaluations will be held Thursday, Aug. 2,.
Bobcats:Meeting tonight
FLORENCE, Wis. - Athlete meeting for Florence students in grades 7-12 will take place tonight at 6 p.m.
Any student participating in junior high basketball or any high school sport needs to attend and should be accompanied by their adult guardian.
Contact Jim Uren at (715) 528-1179 with any questions.
Trojans:Code meeting
CRYSTAL FALLS - Forest Park athletic code meeting for all sports during the 2012-13 school year will be held on Thursday at 6 p.m. in the school cafeteria. Those unable to attend can report for an alternate date at 5:30 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 7.
Athletes in grades 7 through 12, as well as a parent or guardian, must attend one of the meetings if participating in athletics during the 2012-13 school year.
Athletes must have a current physical examination card, insurance information and ImPACT Concussion Baseline Testing on file before they may practice.
Volleyball:'Fungus' Sat.
CRYSTAL FALLS - Fungus Fest co-ed volleyball tournament will take place Saturday at Runkle Lake Park.
Registration will start at 11 a.m., with matches slated for approximately noon. Entry fee is $60 per team.
Each team must have at least two females on the court at all times. All participants must be out of high school to participate.
Any questions contact Kim Bjork at 906-367-0695..
Flivvers:Booster meeting
KINGSFORD - Kingsford Flivver Athletic Booster Club will meet at 7 tonight in the high school cafeteria. Election of officers will held at this time.
1,200-yard rusher opted to leave a Nittany Lions program facing heavy NCAA sanctions.
215 E. Ludington , Iron Mountain, MI 49801 |
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyREAR BEARING REPLACEMENT
1979 Mercedes Benz 300td
Drive Train Axles Bearings problem
1979 Mercedes Benz 300td 6 cyl Two Wheel Drive Automatic 249000 miles
What is the normal process for replacing the rear wheel bearings?
1979 Mercedes Benz 300td 6 cyl Two Wheel Drive Automatic 249000 miles
What is the normal process for replacing the rear wheel bearings?
I have never seen a rear axle bearing go out in a Mercedes, are you sure you've diagnosed correctly? At any rate, to remove the rear axle bearings, you will have to remove the axle itself, once you have done that, there is 4 bolts on the lower control arm, once you have removed those the assembly with the bearings shouldMakeup Spray : Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix
Makeup Spray : Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix
Hello Ladies,
Hope you all are doing fantastic! Today I am going to review a very interesting product! Something which all of you would love!! After all we all like lasting makeup!! :P So here’s presenting to you guys my views on the Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix.
Product Claim and Description :
1.Fixes base makeup with longer lasting effect
- Wheat protein polymer ingredient creates a clear coating to protect makeup from water, sebum and perspiration.
2. No smudges, perfect makeup all day along
- You can use the make up fix frequently to keep make up from smudging or fading away
3. Contains power for matt, soft skin
- contains sebum absorbing powder that keeps skin matt and smooth
4. Nano vita powder (patent no. 10-0628864) which is capsulated complex of various vitamins and minerals keeps skin healthy.
Ingredients :
1. Resurrection plant extract
- Moisturizes the skin
2. Deep sea Water
- Protects evaporation of skin moisture
3. Glacier water
- natural moisturizer for clearer skin
4. lyophilizaed Nano Vita powder (patent no. 10-0628864) – Various vitamins(C,E,F,B3, B5, H) and derivatives capsulated to be more effective and penetrating into the skin
5. Poros sebum control powder
Powder that effectively absorbs sebum while discharge perspiration to prevent greasy skin to keep make up last longer
6. Vitamin Water
Complex of Vitamin water extract from Acelora, Grape fruit and Citron that moisturizes the skin
Directions:
1. Shake well before use
2. Spray from 15-20cm away from the face area
3. Pat lightly to absorb
Price, Quantity and Availability :
Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix retails for 12AED ONLY. I bought it from the Missha Store in Mirdiff City Centre. The bottle has 60 ml of the product!
Packaging :
Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix comes in a simple plastic spray bottle!!
My Thoughts On The Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix :
I was very happy with my PRIMERS for holding up my makeup for that extra long stretch!! But then the crazy weather here, and some of my extra prolonged activities outdoors, made me think twice! I mean what’s the harm in having a little more protection and caution, right? So I was looking up for some affordable makeup sprays which could solve the purpose! I was a the Mirdiff City Center somedays back and I was doing my bit of gazing, scanning and shopping! Mirdiff has a ton of brands to choose from, hence it is one of my most favorite places to shop! I mean they have humungous, brands for clothes, shoes and makeup!!I am sorted right!!
So I happened to stumble at Missha, I guess it is on the ground level and I wanted to check the BB cream of course!! But then you know how excited I get when I am at a makeup store! I picked up a couple of things from the brand and Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix happens to be one of them. And when I saw the price label, I wanted to get more than just one, but then I held my breath and headed to the bill counter with just one spray bottle!
I have been using it for attending functions, staying outdoors and everywhere else where I need to look shine free!
How Do I Use It?
Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix is basically a clear water like spray which I spray over my base makeup once, and then once when my makeup is done, when I know I am not going to get a chance for touch ups or anything similar! Whereas on normal times, I do it just once after the whole makeup is done and I am done!
I DO NOT use a sponge or brush to pat it in! It just takes like a couple of pats with my fingers and it is very much in my skin! You initially feel wet and scary like someone just sprayed water on your face which is very OBVIOUS, but then within a few seconds disappears!
You can also use it directly after washing your face and moisturizing! It can easily replace your primer, if you use the primer just for keeping your make up in place!
Read on to know more about the Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix,
What’s to LOVE about the Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix :
• Price and the quantity! I mean 60ML for 12 AED!! Incredible right?
• Has a very calm and soothing floral scent!
• It’s just clear water like and not tinted or colored by any means!
• It has a semi matte finish!
• It keeps my makeup from moving or melting for like a whole day which means 9+hours!
• Keeps shine and grime away from my face especially the t-zone!
• It makes my makeup stay put even in the hot and humid weather here! Isn’t it magical?
• Great for functions and events which involve photography! It makes the skin look gracious and beautiful even in pictures!
• It’s great for the overall makeup, be it the blush, eyeshadow or the base make up, it keeps them in place for hours to come.
• Missha doesn’t test on animals and it is a cruelty free brand! Check the ingredient list!
• Keeps my face from sweating! Especially my forehead and at the cupid’s bow!
• Suits all skin types!
• Easy and handy to carry around!
• It didn’t irritate my skin or cause break outs!
• It keeps my skin from drying in the harsh Air Conditioned environments!
• 4-5 pumps are more than enough, so the bottle shall last me a couple of months!
What’s to HATE about the Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix :
Nothing really!
But yes, people with oily skin may have a little problem with this since it has a semi matte finish, but I think this can be combated with dabbing some compact powder over it! I mean I do the same, if I need an absolutely matte finish!Other than this I havent tested it for its water proof-ability, since it DOESN’T rain here!
Final Verdict :
If you are on a budget and you have been looking for a makeup setting spray, I totally recommend the Missha The Style Art Designing Make Up Fix to you! It keeps up to all its claims and also proves to be great with making the makeup last long! So it deserves a DEFINATE try!
Ratings :
5/5
Do you guys use a makeup setting spray? If yes, which one?
Missha M Signature Real Complete BB Cream
Missha Auto Eyebrow Pencil Review
Missha Perfect Cover BB Cream SPF 42 in #23
Missha M Perfect Cover BB cream No.31-Review & Swatches
Laura Mercier Foundation Primer
Laura Mercier Colour Classics Face Palette
Laura Mercier Mineral Powder with SPF 15 Natural Beige
Bourjois Magic Nail Polish Remover
Spring Collection Launch : Cupcakes, Macaroons and Bourjois
Oily Skin : Bourjois Stick Anticernes Correcteur Concealer Stick
More Cupcakes, Macaroons and Makeup from “Sweet Paris”
Healthy Balance Unifying Powder
Eye Pearls In No 62 Illusion
Loose Powder : Flower Perfection New Generation Loose
Spray Bronzer : Delice De Soleil
10 Days Nail Enamel in No 14
Sweet Kiss Lipstick in 82 Rose Cachemire
Summer Trend 2011- Inglot
Launches AMC Crazy Nails
Autumn/Winter Collection 2011-Price and Shades
AMC Eye
Great review :)Hi Jon: > Does anyone have any suggestions regarding the following parameters. > > 1) Bacterial strain and growth conditions. Has anyone found that some > strains and/or conditions work much better than others. Try recA minus strains to avoid recombination we use sometimes DH5 apha or HB101 and they work fine for us at least. There are other strains that are better than this if you can get them > 2) Vector. Are unstable inserts more stable in some vectors than others, > particularly with regard to copy number. Try a low copy-number vector. There are several reports dealing with unstability due to active replication plus a secondary structure Some derivatives of RSF1010? I hope this helps Edgar CIFN-UNAM MexicoLawyers give judge 17th update on secret pension talks
By Ted Nesi
WARWICK, R.I. (WPRI) – Lawyers briefed the Rhode Island judge overseeing a union lawsuit challenging the state’s 2011 pension overhaul for the 17th time last week but still haven’t announced any proposed settlement.
Another status conference has been scheduled for Feb. 14, and an interim one may be held Feb. 6.
Read the rest of this story »The mission of the ACORE Guest Blog is to provide a platform for ACORE members, ACORE staff, guest bloggers, and journalists to voice their opinions. The ACORE Guest Blog will not echo just one idea or one side of the story. This blog will be a venue for different opinions to be expressed and will create a place for conversational engagement on important issues facing our industry. The opinions of the bloggers will not always be those of ACORE. Bloggers will be discussing an array of topics that will give way to a dynamic blogging experience. We hope you enjoy the content and spread the news about our new blog. Be sure to follow us on twitter @ACORE. If you have any questions about the Guest Blog, contact Noah Ginsberg at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. .
Noah Ginsberg is a Communications Associate at the American Council On Renewable Energy (ACORE).410-869-9370
After years of building new homes and remodeling others (pictures below) we at Acumen have come to specialize in two main categories of building and remodeling. On the inside of the home: Kitchen and Bathroom Remodeling and on the exterior of the home – Roofing, Windows & Siding. Why? Because we do what we love and we love what we do!
Thank you for visiting our website. Acumen Remodeling provides quality roofing, bathroom remodeling and kitchen remodeling services in the Baltimore-Annapolis Metro area. As the construction arm of a Baltimore based private real estate development company, over the past 13 years, the founders have worked on large and small, commercial and residential, handyman and full remodeling, and cosmetic renovation and ground up construction projects. Not every project can be large or in the spot light. We enjoy the small repairs and the punch lists, just as much as the new additions, the sun rooms, the gourmet kitchens, and the full-on custom homes. Why? They all share a common thread. We at Acumen have the satisfying pleasure to watch first hand how projects transform quickly over time from old to new, from green pasture to custom home. We are in the driver’s seat of making client dreams come true through construction and renovation.
For the best Baltimore-Annapolis Metro plumbing, remodeling and constructions services, call on Acumen for your next repair, remodeling or new construction project. The people of Acumen Remodeling are trained in a variety of household repairs, renovations, and construction projects in the Baltimore-Annapolis Metro area.
We look forward to serving your needs!
- EIFS & Iron Work
- Brick Facade & Masonry
- Kitchen Design & Remodeling
- Kitchens
- Hardwood Flooring
- Fancy Tile & Design
- Travertine Tile
- Showers & Enclosures
- More TravertineMission Statement
Content Structure!
Team members and organizational structure
The JCM team is composed of committed volunteers from all over the world who are creative, bright, talented, and passionate about Joomla! and its community. The team is structured in a way to encourage collaboration, support cross-training and allow for backups for roles, to share the work and be sustainable for the long term.
- Lead Editor: Dianne Henning, Alice Grevet
- Style Guide Team: Dianne Henning
- Workflow Team: Mark Bender
- Promotions Team: Miljan Vujosevic, Milena Mitova, Mark Bender
- Webmasters: Dianne Henning, Alice Grevet
- Business Matters Editors: Luke Summerfield, Gabe Wahab
- Dev Team: Olivier Nolbert, Simon Wells
- Features Editors: Alice Grevet
- Website Case Studies Editors: Sully Sullivan
- Leadership Connections Editor: Alice Grevet
- Joomla! Events/Joomla! User Groups Editor: Jon Neubauer, Jacques Rentzke
- Joomla! Books Editor: Milena Mitova
- Help Wanted Editor: Dianne Henning
- Joomla! in the News/Media Editor: Mark Bender
- Joomla! Haikus Editor: Dianne Henning
- Designer’s Studio Editor: Anthony Olsen, Kyle Ledbetter
- Developer’s Workbench Editor: Arlen Walker
- Administrator’s Toolkit Editor: Mark Bender
- Did you know...? Editors: Nick Antimisiaris
- International Stories Editor: Alice Grevet
- International Stories Language Volunteers: Mahmood Alhaj Kassem, Michael Pohlhaus, Marco Bertolini, Alikon, Norito Yoshida, Sovann Heng, Abigailis Abaris, Sam, Svetlana Zec, Isidro Baquero, Kengatharaiyer Sarveswaran, Ugur Uygur, Chamara DisanayakeAdventures Unlimited
Phillip
+61 2 6282 1054
Neighborhood: Woden
Overview
If you like a bit of adventure sport during your time off, Adventures Unlimited can take you on an adventure tour you will not forget. There are many activities including scuba diving, rally driving, ballooning, hang gliding, indoor rock climbing and abseiling. All levels of expertise are catered for, with fully qualified instructors to accompany you on your adventure and to make sure you get as much as enjoyment as possible. Prices depend on the activity and duration.
- Type: Sports and the Outdoors, Activities
- Credit Cards Accepted: mastercard, visa
Write a ReviewSign inThe other afternoon before my brother got here, I started outside to see how hot it was and out in this side yard were two fawns. I hurried in to get the camera but couldn't get a good enough picture. Then the next day here were two larger deer looking for all the goodies in the yard.
I have been doing some sewing this past weekend. Got busy and sewed the diagonal strips together on the Orange Crush. Then found this darker blue pin dot and it does the trick as the inner border.
Just enough for one long side and the top. Really like the affect of the dark triangles along the edge of the inner border. So I started to cut more triangles and squares. Did have strips already as Bonnie does so that went fast. Sewed them up yesterday and this morning, pressed and now am squaring them up. So did want to show a little that I've been doing. Got more going for later.
Now I want to get out and water some. After about 3 days of 90 degree weather even the little shower we had last night is not enough.
Thanks for stopping by.
3 comments:
Hi Eileen,
Thanks for visiting and I love your blog - wow - that sunset! How lovely to have deer so close - we don't have them here. And ... nice work on your OC.
'Bye - Lurline.
Hi Eileen! I guess I missed your birthday! Hope it was happy! I saw your cute picture on Kairle's blog. Your Orange Crush looks great!
Your OC has turned out nicely.And yes, it's hard to get those dratted wild animals to pose!
RoslynStudy Search Results Your query returned 2 results. Results per page: 25 50 100 Sort by: Title A-Z Released/Updated Time Period Most Cited in ICPSR Bib. (?). Integrated Approaches to Manage Multi-Case Families in the Criminal Justice System in Maricopa County, Arizona, and Deschutes and Jackson Counties, Oregon, 1999-2005 (ICPSR 20358) Thoennes, Nancy [1]KlearGear has retreated from social media after receiving backlash due to an incident with one of its customers that went public.
Vator reports that the retailer shut down its Facebook page and set its Twitter account to private after allegedly defrauding Jen Palmer. KlearGear fined her $3,500 three years after she wrote a negative review on the company online, claiming that her comment was libelous and she was negatively affecting the company’s reputation.
Palmer claims that she wrote that review after buying an item from the company which never arrived after 30 days, causing PayPal to cancel the order. She tried to contact the retailer but never got ahold of them which prompted her to write a negative review about KlearGear on RipoffReport.com.
Palmer was given the option to remove the review within 72 hours or be fined $3,500 but she wasn’t able to take the review down because it costs $2000 to remove a report from the website. As a result, her credit report was damaged and KlearGear has now gone into hiding.Pearl Jam’s Eddie Vedder Sings ‘Take Me Out to the Ballgame’ at Chicago Cubs Game
Pearl Jam Buy Andrew Wood’s Mother a New Home
Why Are Pearl Jam So Angry?
Arrest Warrant Issued for Former Pearl Jam Drummer Dave Abbruzzese
No Nirvana, No Pearl Jam, No Soundgarden: Radio Station Bans Seattle Bands Ahead of NFL Playoff
Pearl Jam Help Move the Late Andrew Wood’s Mother Into New Home
Smashing Pumpkins’ Billy Corgan Takes Shots at Pearl Jam + Foo Fighters
Pearl Jam’s ‘Vitalogy,’ 20 Years Later
Pearl Jam Welcome Chris Cornell for Temple of the Dog Classic at 2014 Bridge School Benefit
Pearl Jam’s Stone Gossard + Mason Jennings’ 7-Inch Sells Out In One Hour
Personal Trainer Bio
Team Member Since: 2014
Team Member Since: 2014
After working with a 24 Hour Fitness personal trainer myself, losing 50 pounds and gaining lean muscle, I decided that I wanted to help others reach their health and fitness goals - whether it be weight loss, muscle gain, or to improve overall general health. I've always loved sports, and I want to help athletes of all levels achieve their goals as well. When I see member success stories, and the happiness that comes with improved health,.
The retailer has launched a snack food game on its mobile commerce site and apps.
Posted 01/23/2013Bill SiwickiPost a comment
Its apps have now been downloaded 31 million times, the company reports.
Posted 01/02/2013Bill SiwickiPost a comment
The home goods flash-sale retailer has raised $117 million since its 2009 founding.
Posted 12/10/2012Stefany ZarobanPost a comment
Push notifications in the merchant’s app remind customers when to refill prescriptions.
Posted 10/31/2012Bill SiwickiPost a comment
Related Content:Push Notification
InstaBuy, a new feature in the comparison shopping app, lets consumers quickly buy goods.
Posted 10/17/2012Katie EvansPost a comment
While Newegg’s mobile site slows with a heavy new homepage.
Posted 10/10/2012Katie EvansPost a comment
The flash sale retailer expects mobile commerce sales to hit 50% by the holidays.
Posted 10/02/2012Bill SiwickiPost a comment
A handful of retailers are riding high on the mobile commerce wave. What's keeping others out of the water?
Posted 10/01/2012Bill SiwickiPost a comment
Advertisement
AdvertisementSpiceJet launches new regional routes from Hyderabad
Cake of the Week: SpiceJet’s several Hyderabad
routes
SpiceJet’s VP Commercial V Raja (left) and CCO Sam Sridharan (second left) were welcomed with a cake to Mangalore, after which the gentlemen held a press conference.
In Rajamundry, the same gentlemen were offered another round cake – this one of a somewhat smaller diameter, but higher.
In Indore, SpiceJet’s CCO Sam Sridharan held a press conference. He asks anna.aero: “Having travelled to six airports in the last seven days, launching at least a daily service to all these cities from Hyderabad on our new Q400 fleet, I am tempted to ask if this is a record of some sort for a six-year-old airline.” While we reckon it is (not to mention what a great way it is to get to eat lots of cake), please write to us if you know otherwise.
- SpiceJet, the Indian low-cost carrier, continued expanding its network out of Hyderabad (HYD) with its newly delivered Q400 aircraft, following last week’s launches.Christian County Animal Shelter
Get Driving Directions
Save to Your Address Book
Nearby Listings:
- Davie J H Dvm
4 miles
- Rodeway Inn
2.6 miles
- Oak Grove Animal Clinic
2.6 miles
- Hopkinsville Kennels
2.6 miles
- Critter Kingdom
2.6 miles
Do you go to this place?» Save listing
» Add a review
Sniffing for more?See other:
» Animal Shelters» See all Hopkinsville listings
» See all KY listings
Hopkinsville, KY 42240
(270) 887-4175
Categories [ edit ]
Animal Shelters
petfinder.org/shelters/KY63.html
“We are a small facility who are responsible for 4 counties worth of dogs and cats!!! We have a loving staff who are dedicated to finding homes for our wonderful animals. We are in desperate need of help through volunteers to help get the word out on adoptable animals, donations, people to come and play with the animals etc.. We have all breeds and sometimes purebreds, including pitbulls which we are not allowed to advertise, and who get put down first. If you want to help in anyway please contact me through Dozer on this website. Any long distance computer help greatly appreciated. Any donations please contact the Shelter directly. Thank-you.”
No reviews yet. Be the first to review this listing!As the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longeth after Thee. One of my favorite Christian songs. Today I created a card with a deer head - this card will go to my son, Benjamin, who is a hunter.
RECIPE
* Deer head digital stamp from Free Vintage Digital Stamps I cut it out twice and put pop up tape between the digi's - inked it with brown MS ink
* Tim Holtz branch twigs die cut
*MS inks - black and brown
* Winter Woods by Rubber Stampede
*EK - Real-Estate Punch
*Sentiment - I created in my Scrapbook Max program
*Ribbon by Celebrate it
*Tissue tape Marketplace by Tim Holtz
*Red & Green papers - Recollection
*Plaid Christmas paper unknown - from my scrap stash
*Friskers border punch- Christmas Flaking Out
* Black Micron pen for the tree accent
Entered in:
365 Card Challenge #235 - Super Sketchy Sunday
A Twist of Faith - Animals
Just Keep on Creating - anything goes
Word Art Wednesday
Thank you for dropping by today - have a great week! ~ Gail ~.
Tuesday, October 23, 2012
Deer Card
Love the outdoor feel, great job! Thanks for joining 365 Super Sketchy Sunday!
Gail: Did you see that you (and I and Pam) are Top 3 winners at Twist of Faith? Woo Hoo! You can add the Top 3 badge to your sidebar, and you need to email her to claim your prize. Way to go, and I'm so honored to be in the Top 3 with you and Pam. Pam is one of the gals I told you to visit and get to know. She'd love to have you as a follower if you aren't already!
Also, girl....you need to share this beautiful card at Word Art Wednesday. You are welcome to add up to 5 cards per week, and we would LOVE having you share them.
Blessings,
Karen L
A wonderful woodland creation, Gail... I love the sentiment! Thanks for sharing at Twist of Faith... and 'yay' for being first past the post!
hugs and blessings,
Pauline
Wow! This is such a creative interpretation of the sketch! I like it very much.
Thank you for playing along with us at the 365 Cards blog Super Sketchy Sunday. Til next time!
Cheers,
DT Jenny
What a great design and lay-out. Made me want to sing that old song "As the Deer"...Thanks for blessing us with your artwork at Word Art Wednesday.
Hugs always,
JO ANN
Fun mix of elements, many thanks for joining us at 365 Cards Super Sketchy Sunday.
wonderful card! Congrats on winning at Twist of Faith! So glad you shared with us again!
beautiful card and i love that deer :)
Rose 365 Cards DT
Lovely card. I love your deer and love the sentiment too :)
Thanks for joining us over at 365cards :)
Stunning card, and I really like the verse you used. Thank you so much for joining us this week at Twist of Faith. God bless you.
wonderful card and love your details here!!!!
Thanks so much for sharing your lovely project at Anything goes, Just keep on creating.
Sorry it has taken so long to leave a comment. Just to let you know that the challenges are up and running again so hope you will continue to play along.Staying in good health while on holiday should be at the top of your to-do list, as well as having fun, of course. We are more prone to accidents, injuries, and illness when away from our usual surroundings, experiencing different […]
Jessica Festa
Delicious Vermont: Aged Cheddar & Maple Syrup Immersion At Sugarbush Farm
Not surprisingly, there are many farms to visit in Vermont; however, there’s one truly offering an immersive and delicious experience: Sugarbush […] […]
New York Artisans You Need To Meet
Forget mass produced items, chemical-laced beauty products and everyday housewares. These New York City artisans fuse sustainability and innovation for those wanting to live a more conscious, high quality life. After reading about them here, make sure to take a […]
Use These Apps To Explore New York Responsibly
January is always an opportune time to break with bad habits, and among our worst are the little things we do to hurt the environment. These aren’t the major infractions, like leaving your Colorado running or using your A/C all […]
How To Use The Sharing Economy To Go Local On The Road
The sharing economy is a hot topic topic in travel. According to Skift, while the sharing economy model has been around for awhile, recently the travel sector has really been affected by it. In a recent article, they state, “Trust […]
How To Learn A Language In 11 Easy Steps
In the English-speaking world, many feel they have little incentive to learn a second language. Which is a shame, because it’s such a wonderful, intriguing and strange experience, to learn how to communicate in another language. People assume English to […]Gore Schools Plan: More Dollars, More Demands
A proposal by Vice President Al Gore to boost federal spending on public schools by $115 billion over the next 10 years was criticized by House Education Committee Member Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas) for handing control of education dollars over to unaccountable agencies in Washington, DC.
Instead of a system that would put state and local governments under the thumb of bureaucrats in rule-making federal agencies, Paul proposes giving control of education back to parents and teachers.
Gore proposed using new federal spending on education as an incentive for schools to improve teacher quality and student performance. There would be incentives for states to institute statewide exams for high school graduation, incentives for school districts to create smaller schools, incentives for schools to reduce class sizes, and incentives for new teachers in the form of signing bonuses of up to $10,000 for new college graduates and older professionals taking up teaching.
The plan, announced last December as part of the Vice President's campaign for the Democrat Party’s Presidential nomination, also includes grants for higher pay for teachers in high-poverty schools, after-school and summer-school programs for failing schools, shutting down persistently failing schools, expanding charter schools, raising the compulsory school attendance age to 18, and providing universal preschool for 3- and 4-year-olds.
While insisting that "education is a state and local responsibility," Gore made it clear the federal government would assume much of this responsibility by making far more demands on schools in return for the additional funds, which amount to a 50 percent boost in federal spending on public schools.
Taking over local and family responsibilities is not the way to reform the public school system, countered Paul, noting that every new education proposal from Washington has involved another layer of bureaucracy, which has proven harmful to education. Instead, he argued, "we need to let local school districts keep and distribute funds as they see fit."
"Congress has no constitutional authority to control local education systems," said the Congressman. "The bottom line is that politicians are holding our children's education hostage in Washington for political purposes."
With plans like Gore's, Paul added, "they are also taking authority away from locally elected school boards and putting it in the hands of unelected bureaucrats."
Rather than centralizing more authority and funding in Washington, Paul would give control of education back to parents and teachers. His recently introduced education reform package, the Family Education Freedom Act, H.R. 935, would give parents a per-year, per-child tax credit of up to $3,000 for education-related expenses.
Unlike the Gore proposal, which former education secretary Lamar Alexander characterized as creating a "national school board," Paul's bill would allow parents the maximum amount of freedom in determining how to educate their children.
Concerned also that Washington's mandated teacher testing would lead to national testing and a national curriculum, Paul authored H.R. 1706, a bill to prohibit national teacher testing and certification. The bill's language was included in the House-passed version of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act dealing with teacher training. Paul and 14 of his colleagues are urging that the ban on national testing also be included in the Senate version of the ESEA re-authorization.Publications
European action on flood risk management - EEB & WWF's briefing for Luxembourg Environment Council
EEB and WWF call on Ministers to fully integrate flood risk management into the Water Framework ...
Living with floods: achieving ecologically sustainable flood management in Europe
EEB & WWF comments on priority substances and pollution controls under the Water Framework Directive
Inland navigation in the new EU – looking ahead: corridor VII or Blue Danube?
Presentation for Green Week’s session “Die schöne blaue Donau”Friday 4 June 2004 Michael ...
WWF assessment of public participation in the implementation of the Water Framework Directive
Public participation in the Water Framework Directive Common Implementation Strategy Pilot River ...
Tips and Tricks for Water Framework Directive Implementation
A resource document for environmental NGOs on the EU guidane for the implementation of the Water ...
Natural water storage in the low mountain ranges in the catchments of the Rhine and the Meuse - Storing water near the source
Changing Estuaries, Changing Views
Position paper on the European Commission proposal for a directive on the management of waste from the extractive industries.
Conflict area between Ten-T and nature conservationChinese cyberattacks hit key US weapons systems. Are they still reliable?
A new report suggests that many advanced US weapons systems have been hacked, and experts say China was behind the cyberattacks. If there were a war with China, the weapons might not be reliable.
US Marine Corps Sgt. Robert Coates monitors the 'hot' refueling of an F-35B Lightning II joint strike fighter at Eglin Air Force Base in Fort Walton Beach, Fla., last week. A confidential report by the Defense Science Board says that files on many of the nation's most expensive weapons systems, including the F-35, have been accessed by Chinese hackers.
Devon Ravine/Northwest FloridaDaily/AP
Dozens of key US weapons system designs and technologies have been compromised by Chinese hackers, creating fresh uncertainty over America’s warfighting capabilities in any future conflict in Asia, according to a defense advisory group study and defense policy experts.
The laundry list of US weapons systems whose files have been accessed during the past decade by Chinese hackers includes some of the nation’s most expensive and exotic programs. The list was contained in a confidential version of a Defense Science Board report, according to The Washington Post.
The list includes the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense missile system, the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft, Patriot Advanced Capability-3 antimissile system, along with the Global Hawk unmanned aerial vehicle, the Aegis ballistic missile defense system, and the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter.
The long-term impact, experts say, could be to give China an edge in any confrontation as well as speeding deployment of advanced military technology that will cost it billions less to develop, defense experts say.
The unclassified version of the Defense Science Board report entitled, “Resilient Military Systems and the Advanced Cyber Threat,” which did not contain the list and barely mentions China, was released in January. But defense officials, speaking anonymously, told the Post that Chinese hackers are behind the attacks on most of the systems on the list in the restricted version.
“The Defense Science Board, a senior advisory group made up of government and civilian experts, did not accuse the Chinese of stealing the designs,” the newspaper reported. “But senior military and industry officials with knowledge of the breaches said that the vast majority were part of a widening Chinese campaign of espionage against US defense contractors and government agencies.”
Earlier this month, the Pentagon went on record with another report, this one to Congress, saying that Chinese cyberespionage of weapons systems is a key part of China’s effort to vault itself forward. That report for the first time specifically cited China’s government and military as directly responsible for cyberthefts involving US weapons systems.
“China is using its computer network exploitation capability to support intelligence collection against the US diplomatic, economic, and defense industrial base sectors that support US national defense programs,” the unusually blunt report to Congress said. “The information targeted could potentially be used to benefit China’s defense industry, high technology industries, policymaker interest in US leadership thinking on key China issues, and military planners building a picture of US network defense networks, logistics, and related military capabilities that could be exploited during a crisis.”
The unclassified version of the Defense Science Board report cited cyber vulnerabilities in “systems that are used to support and operate those weapons or critical IT capabilities embedded within them.”
What the pair of reports, along with the emergence of the restricted list, suggests is a wholesale loss of integrity and introduction of new levels of potential vulnerability of those weapons systems to Chinese military hackers, defense policy and cybersecurity experts told the Monitor.
“All the stuff on this list is extremely sensitive – it’s like the kitchen sink,” says Kenneth Flamm, a technology expert at the Pentagon during the Clinton administration, and now an economist at the University of Texas at Austin. “It raises serious questions about whether we can rely on these systems.”
The list includes systems compromised during an ongoing Chinese cyberespionage campaign that began in late 1990s. Its first significant successes came in 2002-03 and peaked in 2007, when the hackers got into at least five federal agencies, including the Defense Department, Commerce Department, State Department, NASA, and the Energy Department, says James Lewis, a senior fellow and cybersecurity expert with the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a Washington think tank.
About that time, government officials started to get serious about cybersecurity, and the incoming Obama administration also kicked off in 2008 a strategic review of cybersecurity. Since 2009, the Pentagon’s cybersecurity has been vastly improved, Dr. Lewis says.
“A lot of these cyberthefts happened before the Obama program kicked in,” Lewis adds. “But we still can’t rest easy, because we don’t know what they got and what they did while they were inside these networks.”
Software can make up perhaps one-third of the value of weapons systems like the Patriot missile and other system, he notes. Software for other systems on the list may now need an overhaul in order to ensure their integrity, he notes.
“If they got into the software code and left something behind, we’ve got a serious problem,” he says. “How do we know? We don’t. So the answer is that we have to redo the system to be sure it isn’t compromised.”
For its part, China regularly denies cyberespionage charges – and claims it, too, is a victim. But the emergence of the list comes amid heightened tensions between the US and China over charges of rampant cyberespionage by China against US defense industry, energy systems, and other economic targets.
In discussing an April visit to China by Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel called cyberattacks “the greatest threat to our security – economic security, political security, diplomatic security, military security – that confronts us.”
During the visit, a top Chinese military officer, Gen. Fang Fenghui, seemed to concur, saying of cyberinsecurity that “the damaging consequences it causes may be as serious as a nuclear bomb.”Gather with fellow students from China to
engage in connections, meditation, small and large group reflection, and
leisure. The retreat cost is $5.00 per person, which includes lunch.
St. Agnes Spiritual Life Center - Sunday, September 22, 2013 10am-4pm, meet at the UM Office at 10:00 am.
Contact Guanzi Shen at gshen3@usfca.edu for more information and to sign up.A few weeks ago Karan Johar hosted a quiet dinner for a handful of friends at his Khar apartment. Specualtions were rife about what it could all be about especially with Ekta Kapoor, Shabina Khan, Manish Malhotra and Ayan Mukerji were among those invited. Also coming were Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif so what could it all be about? Well, we don’t totally know but what we do know what happened had Ek Villain director Mohit Suri very happy.
At the dinner, Ekta showed Karan the new official 2 min 18 sec trailer of Ek Villain and the guests were completely blown away. So much so that past midnight they made congratulatory calls to director Mohit Suri. Ekta went a step ahead and invited Suri to Karan’s house.
Ranbir and Katrina, who reached Karan’s at the same time as Mohit, also watched the trailer of his film and showered praises on the young director’s exemplary work.
When contacted, Mohit said, “I was at Mithoon’s studio when Ekta called me and gave me the good news. I was relieved more than anything else as I had been in the edit suite day and night, cut off from the world, and these were the first few people who had seen the trailer. I am delighted with the overwhelming response to the trailer from the audience too, now that it’s out on the Net.”
Starring Shraddha Kapoor, Sidharth Malhotra and Riteish Deshmukh Ek Villain releases in cinemas on June 27.
Synopsis:.WORLD WAR II MEMORIAL
ALBANY, NY
THURSDAY, MAY 30, 2002
To our honored and beloved World War Two Veterans and to their families let me say - on behalf of
the New York State Assembly - that your presence here today brings great honor to this place, and
that we are overjoyed that you are witness to this lasting expression of our gratitude; this
beautiful and enduring reminder of your historic valor and victory, and that of your deceased
brothers and sisters.
With great pride, I commend my friend and colleague, Assemblyman Jack McEneny for his leadership in
the Assembly's sponsorship of the first legislation to create this Memorial.
Likewise, I commend our Veteran's Committee Chairman, Assemblyman Ron Tocci, with whose leadership
the legislation was brought to the floor and first passed by your State Assembly.
Let me also express my gratitude to the Governor and to our colleagues in the Senate for joining in
support of establishing this fitting monument.
The tribute - I know we all agree - was long overdue and yet, so critically important at this point
in our history.
Let it stand forever as a reminder that liberty is not created or guaranteed by noble words
inscribed on parchment, but rather that liberty survives because of courage and vigilance;
A sense of duty and an abhorrence for surrender;
A deep and abiding reverence for freedom and equality;
And ultimately, an unwavering love of country;
The character that made yours "The Greatest Generation;"
The values that we must embrace in our fight against those who use terror to threaten our liberty
today.
At the same time, I pray that there will never be another generation of young Americans who will
know your experience of Iwo Jima, Bataan, Normandy Beach, or the Ardennes.
Although my knowledge of the Second World War pales in comparison to yours, I know from history the
brutality of these battles, and that America's fighting men and women should never have to endure
what you have endured.
Time may reshape our understanding of the Second World War.
Truth may shed light on its dark and yet untold secrets.
But constant through all time is the memory that when a suffering and trembling world cried out for
saving, a young and developing America turned to its best hope and greatest resource: its young men
and women; 1.7 million from the State of New York.
Together they became the most gallant and powerful fighting force this Earth has ever seen and did
nothing less than preserve our freedom, and finally save the world.
More than two hundred thousand American soldiers whispered their final goodbyes on battlefields far
from their loved ones and far from their native soil, and hundreds of thousands more returned home
wounded, scarred and changed forever.
This Nation - all of us - owe you and all of our World War Two Veterans a debt that we can never
hope to repay.
If there is any consolation it is this:
Wherever American blood was spilled, there were planted the seeds of freedom and hope.
There a bond was sealed; a promise made that is still kept to this day:
That America stands for peace, liberty and justice around the world.
And that we stand by men and women everywhere who will join us in pursuit of these goals.
This is the legacy of the valiant veterans of World War Two.
We honor you and we take pride in your example, and with this Memorial we strive to say:
"Thank you for the freedom we enjoy today."
May G-d bless you and your families forever.Are u related to a Bobby Geter? Seems as though I have heard that name. Also, I am related to some Strawders and Heiligs along with House and Morgan, etc.
Joseph
AfriGeneas States Research Forum is maintained by Administrator
Powered by Tetra-WebBBS 6.22 / TetraBB PRO 0.30 © 2006-2012 tetrabb.comUnited States Department of Agriculture
Agricultural Research Service
Technical Abstract:
As part of an ongoing investigation, a corroborative study was conducted to follow changes in fiber quality, moisture content, and microbial population in cotton bales with high moisture contents for approximately 1-, 2- and 6-month storage periods. The target moisture contents were 6% (control/ambient moisture content), 8%, 10%, and 12%. The high target moisutre content bales (12%) lost moisutre after 6 mo. of storage, while bales at the three other moisture levels retained the same moisture content. The distribution of moisture, however, was not uniform in the treatment bales. Uneven distribution, or spottiness, increased with increased moisture treatment. Microbial populations did not change during the 1 and 2 mo of storage, which occurred during the colder winter months. The greatest microbial changes associated with moisture content occurred during the 6 mo of storage, which included warmer spring and summer months. Observations on fiber quality associated with moisture content directly linked color degradation to bale moisture content. Moisture was directly correlated with decreases in reflectance and increases in yellowness. The effect of moisutre on yellowness and reflectance increased with exposure (storage duration) and the higher moisture treatments were associated with the greatest decreases in reflectance and increases in yellowness.The much anticipated RPG Divine Divinity will be released in the UK on 13th September 2002. For those of you who can’t wait, the first chapter of the prequel story is now online HERE. The story has been split into six parts, with a new instalment being posted every Tuesday. The prequel story takes you through the origins of the Lord of Chaos. It also introduces the Sword of Lies, which the player will eventually come across in the full game.
More articles about Divine Divinity
Most Anticipated
Games of 2015
Top Games of 2014
Latest Reviews
Latest Previews
Advertising
Archives by Day
Divine Divinity
Platform(s): PC
Genre: RPG/Action
Publisher: CDV
Developer: Larian Studios
Release Date: Sept. 17, 2002
Genre: RPG/Action
Publisher: CDV
Developer: Larian Studios
Release Date: Sept. 17, 2002
Advertising
'Divine Divinity' - Prequel Story
by Thomas on June 18, 2002 @ 4:28 p.m. PDT
blog comments powered by DisqusRecent Forum Posts
- 2 years ago I purchased a Motorola Electrify, and I still love it!...
- 2 years ago A girl lost all of her ex's To a tablet called the Nexus. She needed this new toy To attract a geek boy Away from the Dro...
- 2 years ago My son has overtaken my ASUS Transformer. I need a Nexus 7 for my own work. He also hogs my headphones!...
View More
Recent Comments
History
- Member for
- 2 years 5 monthsMr. Monk and the Voodoo Curse
this wiki
Mr. Monk and the Voodoo Curse is the seventh episode of the eighth season of Monk.
PlotEdit
At a little league baseball park, a team coach, Chauncey, tries to help encourage the boy at bat, 12 year old Petey Cunningham, to keep his eye on the ball. As Petey steadies himself with his bat, an elderly woman named Martha Murphy comes passing by on a power walk (carrying weights in both hands). Chauncey jokingly asks her to help them out, and Martha asks her if he's trying to kill her. She continues on, and with encouragment, Petey knocks a ball over the fence. One of the girls is sent to retrieve the ball, and finds Martha Murphy dead, struck over the head with the ball.
Three days later, Martha’s family members stop by to pack up her belongings. The husband finds something of real interest – a doll in a box, with a baseball on its left temple. It’s a voodoo doll, and it's postmarked for three days before Martha died.
The following day, Captain Stottlemeyer calls Adrian Monk in to investigate. He calls the discovery of the voodoo doll the most unnatural case he's had in his history on the police force. While Stottlemeyer is briefing Monk at the station, Monk is distracted by the fact that the squad room has been rearranged. After the room is restored to its original layout, Stottlemeyer continues briefing Monk. Lieutenant Disher confirms that the post mark on the box the doll was mailed in was legitimate, and it was mailed from a mailbox in Nob Hill.
They question the baseball team, who are not being charged with anything since it was most likely an accident. Monk learns that not many baseballs get knocked over the fence. With nobody able to explain how the voodoo doll seemingly predicted Martha Murphy's death, Natalie argues that the doll must have possessed real magical powers. Disher jokingly suggests to Monk and Stottlemeyer that they start rounding up witch doctors. They each give different theories as to how the ball incident was predicted: Disher believes that someone was hiding waiting with a pitching machine and waited for a home run to be hit. Stottlemeyer theorizes that it was suicide, but Martha had an insurance policy with a no-suicide clause in it, so she needed it to look like an accident - she waited for a home run to be hit, grabbed the ball, and managed to fracture her own skull. Natalie quickly picks apart all of their theories. Not even Monk can figure out what is going on.
Just then, Randy gets a call from a police sergeant reporting the discovery of a second voodoo doll. They meet the officer in the apartment of a golfer named Ralph Farris. The officer shows a newspaper clipping from a few days earlier. A few days ago, Farris was out golfing during a thunderstorm, and (in what Stottlemeyer claimed "single-handedly proved Darwin's theory") got struck by lightning, and was killed instantly. Ralph lived alone, so the officer notes that when the super came by to start packing up his belongings, he found a package, containing a voodoo doll with a paper lightning bolt sticking out of its head.
Like with Martha Murphy, the doll was mailed a few days earlier. Monk is stumped - try as he might, he can't explain how anyone could have arranged either of the deaths. Meanwhile, Natalie is spooked, and Monk is surprised to find himself taking the lead.
The next morning, Natalie shows up at Monk's apartment and tells Monk that they're going on a vacation to Santa Barbara. She even calls Stottlemeyer, but Monk points out that he unplugged the phone she is using. He forces Natalie to admit that Stottlemeyer called her an hour ago to report a third doll related death. This time, the doll came with a dead body.
At an upscale house, Stottlemeyer and Disher are talking to Angeline Dilworth, a paramedic and the niece of the latest victim, 64 year old Robert Boyd (founder of a cell phone company). After she calms down, Angeline tells them that she was alone in the house when her uncle had his fatal heart attack, and she tried everything she could (she is also a paramedic). Stottlemeyer notes that they found nitroglycerin pills and Angeline confirms that her uncle had a heart condition, in part the reason why she moved back. The medical examiner asks Stottlemeyer for the okay to take the body away, but Stottlemeyer wants Monk to see the scene intact, and is getting impatient. When Monk and Natalie arrive outside, Natalie refuses to enter the house, and Monk is forced to soldier on, superstitions not having an effect on him.
When Monk arrives inside, Stottlemeyer is baffled to find that Monk is the braver of the two. He and Disher brief Monk on Boyd, and explain what they know happened: it turns out that Boyd was obsessed with the voodoo killings and was following the case and news. He'd even put up a lot of good luck charms around the house. This morning, he checked his mail, opened a box with a voodoo doll depicting him with a broken heart, and his heart promptly stopped.
Monk notices a small hole in the story: Boyd put up a horsehoe over his doorway the wrong way, and he informs Angeline that the horseshoe should be facing the other way so that the good luck stays in the shoe. Natalie refuses to enter the scene, and barely has Monk had a look when she decides to head home.
All the dolls have been traced back to the same shop in the Haight: Reverend Hadley Jorgenson's Voodoo Boutique. Stottlemeyer and Disher go to question Jorgensen at his shop, which is doing a thriving business now, thanks to the sensational newspaper stories about the "voodoo killings." Stottlemeyer shows one of the full page advertisements that Jorgensen has taken out in the newspaper to capitalize on the sudden upsurge in demand for his merchandise, and suggests that Jorgensen has an obvious motive - publicity - but admits that he can't think of a way to call the three deaths "homicides".
Meanwhile, Monk goes to check on Natalie. He finds her on her stairs in an almost catatonic state. He doesn't know what is wrong with her, and then she silently points a finger towards the kitchen. Monk goes into the kitchen, and finds a box with another voodoo doll in it. As he holds the doll up to take a closer look at it, its head falls off.
Monk quickly calls Stottlemeyer to report the doll. Before they arrive, he tries to ask Natalie for information about the doll and the package, but Natalie is too catatonic to answer. He notices two clues: first off, the package was mailed from Pacific Heights. Also, the sender misspelled Natalie's last name on the shipping label, "Teager". Natalie finally states that the head being cut off indicates that she will be decapitated. Monk tries dismissing it on the grounds that the head could have broken in shipping, though he then notices that the head was surgically cut with a scalpel.
Monk tries to reason with Natalie, and she explains to him why she believes in voodoo; when she and Mitch were living in an apartment in South Carolina near Mitch's base, one of their neighbors claimed to be a voodoo priestess. The woman warned Natalie that her husband was in danger, but Natalie, disbelieving, said nothing - and the very next day, Mitch was shot down. Stottlemeyer and Disher show up at the house to take the doll.
Since Natalie refuses to leave her house, Randy is assigned to guard her there. That night, Natalie can't sleep - she freaks out when she sees her ceiling fan in her bedroom rotating. That morning, Randy tries to get some gingerbread cookies out of the cookie jar but can't find an opener, as Natalie has thrown out all of her sharp utensils. He eventually uses a spatula as an opener, and momentarily spooks Natalie when he bites off the cookie's head.
Monk confers with Stottlemeyer at the police station about the case. Stottlemeyer mentions that now the mayor has gone public despite Stottlemeyer's warnings, and now there are copycats sending voodoo dolls in the mail to their friends. Both are baffled: the handwriting on all of the packages is identical, meaning that the same person sent the dolls, but the FBI has found no connection at all between Natalie, Martha Murphy, Ralph Farris, and Robert Boyd. Not only is Jorgensen their only reasonable suspect, but he's also no longer a suspect - he's got a solid alibi for all three deaths.
Monk notices another clue: the still-unidentified sender wrote the delivery addresses for the four packages on labels instead of writing directly on the boxes. When Stottlemeyer asks Monk about Natalie, Monk mentions that he's learned that she is wearing a dog funnel around her neck. They agree that there is one possible solution.
Fearing for her life, Natalie agrees to let Jorgensen perform a ritual to rid her of the curse. But the ceremony quickly goes awry when a nervous Natalie drinks a potion he's prepared, when she was only supposed to apply it to her skin. The potion is toxic, and Monk calls for an ambulance. Monk is surprised to recognize one of the arriving paramedics as Angeline Dilworth. Jorgensen exchanges greetings with Angeline, who happens to be one of his customers, before Natalie is rushed to the hospital.
While Monk is riding along in Jorgensen's van, following the ambulance, he remembers Angeline mentioning that it's a small world. He then realizes something else about Angeline: she wasn't only Robert Boyd's niece, but Monk remembers seeing her in paramedic uniform in a newspaper photograph for an article about Ralph Farris's death. When Jorgensen confirms that Angeline has bought a few dolls from his shop, Monk solves the case.
Here's What HappenedEdit
The only person who has been murdered, by voodoo or otherwise, is Angeline's uncle Robert Boyd. The first two deaths were nothing more than the freak accidents they appeared to be, and Angeline just used them to disguise the murder of her real target.
To create the voodoo effect, Angeline first mailed several empty packages to herself, to get them postmarked. Then she waited patiently for the right types of accidents to occur - specifically, ones that could not possibly be interpreted as either natural causes or homicide, and also lived alone. Each time Angeline was called to a fatal accident scene, she learned the victim's address and stole his or her house keys. Then she customized a package and doll from Jorgensen's shop. The next time she went off duty, she broke into the deceased person's house, and planted the doll in plain sight.
After creating the illusion of supernatural forces at work with two victims, she poisoned her uncle. It wasn't hard: being a paramedic, Angeline utilized an untraceable drug to make it look like Boyd had a heart attack. Angeline also planted a number of good luck charms around her uncle's house, to give the appearance that he was superstitious. When Monk got suspicious of an upside down horseshoe that Angeline had placed on wrong, and Angeline overheard Monk talking about Natalie's fear of voodoo, she sent a doll to Natalie's house in an attempt to distract Monk.
Reverend Jorgensen is profoundly disappointed, since he will likely never sell another doll now that Monk has solved the case.
Inside the ambulance, Natalie glances up from the gurney and realizes that Angeline is the culprit when she notices that Angeline has misspelled her name as "Teager" on the patient chart, just like the misspelling on the shipping label. She stares fearfully at Angeline, who catches on to her. She attacks Natalie, and Monk, seeing the two women struggling inside the ambulance, tells Jorgensen to ram it. Jorgensen does, sending the ambulance skidding off the road and grinding to a halt. Having subdued Angeline, Natalie emerges from the back of the ambulance, then collapses into Monk's arms.
A few day later, Natalie is relieved that her superstitions turned out to be nothing, as Monk explains to her why Angeline sent the doll to her. Monk teases her for being so irrational - even as he touches every parking meter he walks past them.
Background Information and NotesEdit
- In this episode, a major plot point is Natalie's fear of voodoo. However, in Mr. Monk and the Wrong Man, when Monk complains he can feel a stabbing sensation (after seeing Max Barton's tattoo of a knife going into Monk's face) and compares it to voodoo, Natalie says "There's no such thing."
QuotesEdit
Monk: We live in the real world. It is governed by science, physics, laws of nature. There is always, always a non-Voodoo explanation for everything.Cap't Sylvester KEENEY, a photo by midgefrazel on Flickr.
Capt. Sylvester Keeney
and wife Phebe Ann Coffin
and wife Phebe Ann Coffin
Summer of the Sea Captains
Not to be missed is this lovely gravestone from Elm Grove Cemetery in Mystic, CT.
Not any member of my family, this eye-catching gravestone features the anchor and an upraised hand holding a telescope, I think. I really wonder who he was....
His wife outlived him by so long, I guess the family did not opt for the "Civil War" era lettering and took advantage of the large space at the bottom for her name, dates and relationship.5/13/2015
Forty-three Northern Illinois University student-athletes from 14 Huskie teams celebrated their graduation as commencement was held on Saturday, May 9 at the NIU Convocation Center.
More [+]
4/29/2015
Northern Illinois University women's basketball coach Kathi Bennett has resigned, NIU Associate Vice-President and Director of Athletics Sean T. Frazier announced Wednesday.
More [+]
4/20/2015
NIU women's basketball seniors Amanda Corral, Alex Dumoulin, Danny Pulliam and Jenna Thorp were named to the Mid-American Conference's All-Academic team Monday afternoon ...
More [+]
3/9/2015
The NIU women's basketball (12-17) ended its season Monday night as it fell to Central Michigan (13-17) in the First Round of the Mid-American Conference Tournament, 49-44. Down by three points, the Huskies had two shots to force overtime in the...
More [+]Please log in to use theIdeas To Action form
Still not sure? We're always happy to answer any questions you have and will be holding a number of social events in which you can come and meet some of the current members.
Come along to one of our social karting sessions or socials this semester to meet the club and have a go at karting at one of our local tracks!
Those with a more competitive edge are more than welcome to compete in the British Universities Karting Championship in one of our four teams being fielded this year.Metropolitan Herman visits Church in Russia
On June 1, 2003, His Beatitude, Metropolitan Herman, Primate of the Orthodox Church in America, began his first official visit to the Russian Orthodox Church at the invitation of His Holiness, Patriarch Aleksy II of Moscow and All Russia.
“While it has been widely reported that Patriarch Aleksy has experienced numerous health issues in recent months, his condition is not serious enough to preclude the one-week visit, the first since Metropolitan Herman’s election as Primate in July 2002,” according to the Very Rev. John Matusiak, OCA Communications Director. “Metropolitan Herman is anxious to visit with the Patriarch personally and assure him of ongoing prayers for the full restoration of his health.”
Upon his arrival in Moscow, Metropolitan Herman, accompanied by Protopresbyter Robert Kondratick, was greeted by His Eminence, Metropolitan Kyrill of Smolensk and Kalingrad, Chairman of the Department of External Church Relations of the Moscow Patriarchate, at Moscow’s Sheremetevo Airport.
On June 3, Metropolitan Herman will visit the renown Monastery of the Holy Trinity and Saint Sergius of Radonezh in Sergiev Posad, the Russian Orthodox Church’s major monastery a brief drive from Moscow, where he will pray before the relics of Saint Sergius and Saint Innocent Veniaminov, the 19th century Metropolitan of Moscow who spent many years as a missionary priest and later bishop in Alaska. He will also deliver an address to the faculty and students of the Moscow Theological Academy and Seminary, located on the monastery grounds, in which he will reflect on the close relationship between the Churches in Russia and America and highlight the significance of the forthcoming return of the wonderworking Tikhvin Icon of the Mother of God to the Tikhvin monastery near Novgorod in 2004.
The Church of the Great Martyr Catherine in Moscow will be the site of the hierarchical Divine Liturgy on June 4, the Feast of the Leavetaking of Holy Pascha, which Metropolitan Herman will celebrate with Archimandrite Zacchaeus, OCA Representative to the Moscow Patriarchate, and a number of visiting hierarchs and other clergy. The church, which has served as the OCA’s Representation Church for a decade, continues to undergo extensive renovations and improvements necessitated by years of neglect and use for secular purposes during the communist era. Under Father Zacchaeus, who also serves as Dean of Saint Catherine’s, the program of improvements initiated by the Very Rev. Daniel Hubiak, the OCA’s first representative in Moscow, are continuing at an impressive pace.
Later the same evening, Metropolitan Herman will concelebrate the All-Night Vigil for the Great Feast of the Ascension at the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Theophany, popularly known as “Yelokhovsky cathedral” in reference to the former village in which it is located.
On the Great Feast of the Ascension, June 5, Metropolitan Herman will celebrate the Divine Liturgy in the recently-rebuilt Cathedral of Christ the Savior. Originally built in the late 1800s, the massive cathedral, Russia’s largest, was demolished in the 1930s by order of Joseph Stalin, who intended but failed to erect a massive “Palace of the Soviets” in its place. Patriarch Aleksy initiated reconstruction of the cathedral in the mid-1990s, culminating in the church’s consecration in August 2000. On the evening of the Feast, Metropolitan Herman will meet privately with Patriarch Aleksy at his residence.
On June 6, prior to his departure for the United States, Metropolitan Herman will meet with the US Ambassador to the Russian Federation, Alexander Vershbow, to discuss matters of mutual concern.
Photos of Metropolitan Herman’s visit will be posted on the OCA web site at and will appear in the July-August issue of “The Orthodox Church” newspaper.An interactive Baltimore map of all the key locations in So Say the Waiters.
Thursday, March 26, 2015
Wednesday, March 25, 2015
Guy's Baltimore Bar-B-Que Joint Menu Leaked
Looks like someone leaked the extended menu for Guy's Baltimore Bar-B-Que Joint in the Horseshoe Casino. I can't wait to get down there and try a few of these.
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:49 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Saturday, March 21, 2015
The Last Book of Baghdad coming in 2016
I'm excited to share that Civil Coping Mechanisms will be publishing The Last Book of Baghdad in 2016. This novel is a spin-off of Falcons on the Floor.
Here's what the publisher has to say:
In the Last Book of Baghdad, Sirois explores a world where, under desperate conditions, a lost collection of poems might be able to save a person's life. In The Last Book of Baghdad,: In THE LAST BOOK OF BAGHDAD, the power of the written word proves that a dead poet's words are enough transcend war's many tortures. THE LAST BOOK OF BAGHDAD will be released as part of the Quarter 2 CCM 2016 Catalogue. We're coping.
Posted by Justin Sirois at 8:08 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Tuesday, December 30, 2014
WIN the entire audiobook series of So Say the Waiters
Want to win 24 hours of audiobooks? That's right, a whole damn day of books. All three So Say the Waiters audiobooks. All you have to do is post this link to Facebook:
and email me to let me know you did it. Do this before January 15th and you'll be entered to win $60 worth of So Say the Waiters. Awesome, right?
Posted by Justin Sirois at 3:24 PM 0 comments Links to this post
Tuesday, December 16, 2014
a Serial set in Baltimore
Strangely enough, this Baltimore set serial was written a mile away from where Serial's story takes place. Episode one came out in September 2012. This serial doesn't have murder or drugs or anything that Baltimore is stereotypically known for. In fact, it celebrates Baltimore's art and music scenes as well as the 12 O'Clock Boyz, one of the city's wildest subcultures.
Get most of it for free here (eBook):
Get most of it for free here (eBook):
Posted by Justin Sirois at 6:21 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Wednesday, December 10, 2014
TICKLE TORTURE - Iraq constraint poem - 2005
Originally
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:28 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Friday, November 14, 2014
Free - So Say the Waiters
eBook 2 is free. eBook 1 is $2.99 for Kindle and FREE for Nook and iBooks. That's 600 pages for $2.99 or totally free. Go get taken.
Posted by Justin Sirois at 3:31 PM 0 comments Links to this post
Friday, October 10, 2014
Shadow of Mordor - The Nemesis System will change the RPG industry
Let me say this: the Nemesis System will change the RPG industryYou won’t find a more engrossing open-world next-gen action game than Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor. I’m having as much fun with it as Dragons Dogma, which is to say, a lot of fun. It’s got all the elements to make a successful RPG—upgrades galore, loot finding, varied action, good pacing, a compelling story—but where the real world-building begins is in the Nemesis System. This is one of the smartest and nuanced mechanics I’ve ever seen in a game. Other writers have described it before, and probably better than I can, but I will say that it adds a level of realism and player investment that I’ve never seen before.
Dying by the hands of an Orc that killed you before and leveled up in the Orc ranks (because of your death)… that’s humiliating. I wanted to hunt down that rhyming, spitting butthole-eyed toad and turn his throat into a sprinkler. In time, I did. And man, it felt good.
Mastering the controls takes a little while if you aren’t familiar with other fighting games like the recent Batman series. In about 2 hours, I was grinning with every beautifully choreographed execution kill. So yeah, the developers mashed up the best of Assassin’s Creed and Batman, blended together tried-and-true RPG elements, and worked hard to make this world real. What did they get? A hit. They hit it out of the park. I’ll go as far as to say that the Nemesis System has raised the bar and will set a standard for AI and new types of storytelling.
Posted by Justin Sirois at 6:27 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Thursday, September 4, 2014
So Say the Waiters book 3 release party
Posted by Justin Sirois at 2:30 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Tuesday, August 12, 2014
So Say the Waiters BOX SET
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:47 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Wednesday, July 23, 2014
Amazon.com Beta Testing Popular Discussion Topics
Because.
Posted by Justin Sirois at 3:00 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Tuesday, June 10, 2014
Thursday, May 22, 2014
So Say the Waiters update / TV option / audio book / box set
Wow, haven't posted here in a while. So, big updates. Firstly, the audio book is 2/3s finished. Midnight Treehouse in NYC is producing the entire series and I couldn't be happier. It's really weird hearing a narrator bring all of these (8-10?) characters to life. After listening to about twelve hours, I'm absolutely convinced that Pete, the narrator, is the best guy for the job.
Book three is finished and with my editor. I never imaged I would ever write a 900 page novel, but there it is. I'm planning on publishing the last book of the series, book three, this summer.
Nolen Strals of Post Typography is drawing illustrations for the three covers which will essentially rebrand the entire series. That's exciting for a number of reasons. 1. I never loved the covers I designed. Book two looks pretty cool with the twisted tire, but people who aren't familiar with the series have no idea what it means. 2. Nolen is an old friend from college and a local Baltimore punk / graphic design hero. He's perfect for the job. Plus, his old band is mentioned in book three.
This brings us to the box set. All three books, now that they will be rebranded, will make a nice box set. I'm trying to figure out how to package them together in an inexpensive way. A zip-tie binding all three together? I don't know. No matter what, when all three books are lined up, they will look awesome.
Lastly, and this is the big one, I finally signed the final, final draft of the option. Word is, my producer has another high profile producer/actor on board, but I can't name who it is yet. This positions us to pitch to major cable networks with a good chance at filming the pilot. Keep checking the So Say the Waiters Facebook page for more info. We are already talking about who will make the best Dani and Henry.
I'm also keeping the price of book one really low to get new readers into the series. Spread the link around if you have a second.
I'm also keeping the price of book one really low to get new readers into the series. Spread the link around if you have a second.
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:30 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Tuesday, March 18, 2014
Cat Hole (autographed)
Posted by Justin Sirois at 5:00 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Thursday, February 20, 2014
Friday, January 17, 2014
The Yellow Birds by Kevin Powers and Falcons on the Floor
A.
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:30 AM 1 comments Links to this post
Wednesday, January 15, 2014
great review on 200 Books A Year
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:30 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Tuesday, December 31, 2013
Baltimore Pratt Library's 10 most memorable reads - So Say the Waiters
"This is a shameless plug for a Baltimore writer, but I honestly had more fun reading this book than almost anything else this year. It's a page-turning exploration of loneliness in the age of social media (yes, really), a character-driven drama full of unexpected twists and a cyberpunk-ish look at life in certain circles of Baltimore." -- Emmett Buckley, librarian, fiction Department, Central Library"
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:00 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Thursday, December 12, 2013
Hugh Howey on kidnApp from So Say the Waiters
"So real, it's almost creepy."
Hugh Howey
Hugh Howey
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:26 AM 0 comments Links to this post
Thursday, December 5, 2013
freaking out Illinois seniors
Oh, it gets weirder, for sure.
Posted by Justin Sirois at 4:03 AM 0 comments Links to this postConstruction is under way for a new senior housing facility in Kent, and is projected to be complete by December 2013.
The project, Maplebrook at Golden Pond, is located at 5421 Sunnybrook Rd. near the intersection with S.R. 261. The development is being managed by the Cleveland-based NRP Group, which also operates the Four Seasons at Kent on Horning Road.
"Four Seasons is a bit of an older property for us. It's very well maintained and a great facility, but we offer a newer product too and this is part of that," NRP project manager Joseph McCabe said. "It'll definitely be an upgrade to the community there and it's a great opportunity for us to build a brand-new facility."
The $4.9 million development will hold 68 units -- 23 one-bedroom units and 45 two-bedroom units -- and is targeted specifically toward housing low-income, independent seniors.
The facility will be geared toward seniors with a yearly income ranging from $15,000 to $30,000.
McCabe said the project is the result of $1.2 million award from the Ohio Housing Finance Agency.
"This is not assisted living. It's independent living, but we commonly have individuals with certain living restrictions that require more space," he said, noting that the support services offered at Maplebrook at Golden Pond will be very similar to what is offered at Four Seasons.
There's already been a "steady stream of inquiries" by potential residents since planning on the project began, McCabe said.
"I still get a couple calls a month," he said. "They've already started taking names and phone numbers down on a list at (Four Seaons) because there's a lot of people that are inquiring about it."
Contact this reporter at 330-298-1127 or kmcdonald@recordpub.com
Well I wonder just how much the taxpayer will have to deal out to have these new places go to people with annual income of $15,000 a year. That is slightly more than the Social Security pays individuals.Lakers vs Phoenix: Lakers' Artest comes up big in victory
Lakers 99, Suns 95 (final)
A day after it was revealed that Ron Artest and Lakers Coach Phil Jackson had a disagreement at practice last week, the forward came up big in the victory over the Phoenix Suns on Wednesday night.
Artest made a three-point shot from the corner off an assist from Kobe Bryant with 1:30 left for a 97-91 Lakers lead.
Artest later stole the ball from Vince Carter after he had gotten an offensive rebound.
That led to a Derek Fisher jumper for a 99-92 lead that stood.
Fisher had been one-for-six shooting up to that point.
Artest finished with 11 points on four-for-10 shooting.
Bryant led the Lakers with 24 points, but he also had three turnovers.
When Lamar Odom went down hard on the court after scoring, it looked to be serious because he was holding his left forearm and Lakers trainer Gary Vitti had to come on the court with 10:02 left.
It turned out that Odom had fallen on his funny bone. After a timeout, Odom came back to play.
Odom finished with 12 points and 10 rebounds.
Lakers 80, Suns 73 (end of third)
The Lakers opened the third quarter looking serious.
They came out aggressively, going on a 14-5 run to open a 63-55 lead, forcing Suns Coach Alvin Gentry to call a timeout with 8:07 left in the quarter.
Kobe Bryant scored the Lakers' first eight points in the quarter. He began his run with a three-pointer, then had a three-point play the old-fashioned way with a basket and a free throw, and followed with another basket.
Bryant then found Pau Gasol for a score.
Suns 50, Lakers 49 (end of first half)
Defensively, the Lakers were not very good in the second quarter.
Offensively, the Lakers were not very good.
That allowed the Suns to open a one-point lead at the half.
The Lakers scored just 18 points in the second quarter, while giving up 26.
Jared Dudley burned the Lakers for 15 of his 19 first-half points in the quarter, making three three-pointers. The Suns made five three-pointers as a team.
Lamar Odom didn't help matters by picking up his third foul with 9:22 left in the quarter.
That meant Lakers Coach Phil Jackson had to go small at times, putting Ron Artest and Matt Barnes in together at the forward spots.
Lakers 31, Suns 24 (end of first quarter)
The Lakers had no problems scoring against the Suns in the first quarter.
They shot 60% from the field and used a 16-0 run to open a 12-point lead at one point.
Kobe Bryant led the Lakers with seven points on three-for-four shooting.
Andrew Bynum started strong for the Lakers, taking the ball hard inside, going hard to the backboards.
Bynum had six points on two-for-three shooting. But he missed four of six free throws.
He also had four rebounds, two offensive.
Since the Lakers last were beaten by the Suns early in November, Phoenix has become a different team.
The Suns traded Jason Richardson, Hedo Turkoglu and Earl Clark to the Orlando Magic for Vince Carter, Marcin Gortat and Mickael Pietrus.
Carter is the starting shooting guard and Pietrus and Gortat come off the bench.
But Lakers Coach Phi Jackson said not much has changed in the way the Suns operate their offense.
"There are some different things," Jackson said. "But they are going to run the same stuff. Steve Nash is going to try and generate offense from similar things."
Jackson said Carter, who is averaging 15.1 points, is a "great individual player."
Jackson also said Gortat and Pietrus improve the Suns' defense.
-- Broderick Turner, reporting from PhoenixSong of Nüna
Darkness.
Nüna, Song of the Whale is my second children's book. I have been an illustrator and designer for several years and my intent is to raise the level of the children's book to an art form, through sophisticated storytelling and art. Please also visit to view my first children's book, Grow, Watermelon, Grow. For most recent painting, drawings and fiber art, please visit
Comentario publicado.
Conéctese o cree una cuenta para publicar un comentario.
Comentarios (0)Glenn O'Shea
BENDIGO duo Glenn O'Shea and Peta Mullens have been named in the Australian cycling team for the Glasgow Commonwealth Games.
The 41-member team was announced on Tuesday.
O'Shea was a member of the 2014 team pursuit world championship team.
Mullens was runner-up in the cross-country final at the Australian MTB titles in Bright and second in the criterium at the Cycling Australia road national championships in Ballarat.
It is the first time O'Shea and Mullens have been selected to represent Australia at a Commonwealth Games.
Men's Track Endurance coach Tim Decker said Australia would have a strong chance in the points race with O'Shea.
"We are expecting tough competition from a few countries, in particular England who have three riders from their London Olympic gold medal team, plus New Zealand who have a few world medallists," he said.
Australian Commonwealth Games Association chief executive Perry Crosswhite said he was looking forward to seeing the cycling team in action.
"The success of our cycling team in Delhi was phenomenal and made a significant contribution to our medal tally,” he said.
“We realise the competition will be tougher in Scotland, but this is a strong team and we expect it will do well."
The 2010 Commonwealth Games in India saw the Australian cycling team win 21 medals, including 14 gold.
The Glasgow games will run from July 23 to August 3.October 4-6, 2015
To register, click the button at the bottom of this page.
You will learn great lessons from this year’s Lectureship on “Opening Acts” as we open Acts to learn from this important book. Studying together the people, principles, and practices of the early church will strengthen our faith and help our work in the Lord because the apostles set in motion the plan God meant for those of all places and all centuries to follow.
We are excited to have a great line up of speakers. Alan Robertson from Duck Dynasty will bring the message on Sunday night and for chapel at 11 a.m. on Monday. Harold Shank, President of Ohio Valley University will speak on Monday night, and Jerry Rushford from Pepperdine will inspire us at the Dinner Honoring Preachers/Elders and wives. These messages will show how members of the early church gave much of themselves, even under threat, to become witnesses of what they had seen and heard.
Monday will bring lessons about evangelism in the early church and how we can use their methods. Monday will also offer studies in texts on key subjects from Acts and how we can use their highly effective evangelistic techniques today. Also on Monday members of the Bible faculty will answer questions on a forum. The Monday morning Women’s Day will study “Women to Follow.”
On Tuesday, five different outstanding ministers will help preachers to learn about preaching from five different sermons in Acts. More studies from texts in Acts will bring key messages and elders will learn about their work from passages in Acts. Four younger preachers will speak on principles from Acts which we must be teaching our youth.
OC Church Relations
P.S. Audio recordings of all previous lectureships and select video recordings of keynote sessions are available online free of charge. Click here to view the list of videos downloadable audio recordings of all other lessons.
Any questions about Lectureship?
Please contact the Church Relations office at (405)425-5141 or churchrelations@oc.eduNew tax laws (Sponsored by Intervet/Schering-Plough Animal Health) Changes in federal tax law could affect you. Mar 01, 2009 By Elise M. Lacher, CPA The new year brings new tax issues to look at for large and small businesses. Looking back at 2008—and forward to 2009—a challenging year awaits. The government's efforts to stimulate the sagging economy will result in changes in tax laws, changes important to all of us. How this will play out is uncertain, but regardless of what is coming, this is the time to meet with your accountant and make sure you're in the best position going forward. The Social Security wage base— the maximum amount of earnings subject to the Social Security or Self Employment Tax—increased in 2009. Tax will be assessed on the first $106,800 at a rate of 6.2 percent. The government will continue to assess Medicare tax at a rate of 1.45 percent on all wages earned. If you are incorporated, the corporation matches the rate. If you are self-employed, you essentially pay both parts of the payroll taxes that are due on all income up to the earnings limit. A major reporting change for 2008 was that health insurance premiums paid on behalf of S Corporation shareholders must be reported on the W-2 form in order to be deducted by that individual. This means that if you reported the premiums as income and then deducted them on your personal income tax return, you're good with the IRS. In previous years, this would have been handled by not deducting them on your corporate return, hence raising your net income and deducting it on your personal return. While this sounds like splitting hairs, the IRS takes it very seriously. If you do not report the premiums you paid on your W-2, be prepared to hear from the IRS at some point. There is no change for those of you who report as sole proprietors. If you missed it for 2008, get in touch with whoever does your payroll and get it corrected. Now is the time to make sure the correct reporting is in place for 2009. The deferral rates for 401K and SIMPLE plans are also an item of interest, as they have been increased . For 2009 you can defer up to $16,500 to your 401K and $11,500 to your SIMPLE plans. For those over 50, you can increase your 401K deferral by $5,500 and SIMPLE plan deferral by $2,500. Contributions to IRAs remain at $5,000 if under 50 and $6,000 if over 50. Mileage reimbursement will remain at $0.55 per mile for 2009. If, for example, you're using a truck solely for farm calls, you don't have to substantiate the vehicle's business usage. For all others, a log is necessary to substantiate business usage. One not-so-pleasant change to the tax rules affects you if you have children who are subject to the Kiddie Tax. Essentially, this tax takes your child's unearned income—mainly dividends and interest—and taxes it at your rate. In previous years, this stopped when children reached the age of 14. The age was increased to 18 in 2006. For 2008, children under the age of 24 (if they are a student and you provide their support) will have their unearned income taxed at your marginal rate. Section 179 on depreciation is probably going to be with us for many years to come. The upper limit, which was $250,000 for 2008, was set to revert back to $133,000 for 2009, but will probably stay at $250,000 for 2009. This works quite well as an economic stimulus tool. Anything that encourages business owners to purchase large ticket items has been shown time and time again to get the money where it is most needed with the least government interference. One option being discussed by Rep. Charles B. Rangel (D-N.Y.), Chairman of the House Ways and Means committee, would cause a significant increase in the cost of doing business if you operate as an S corporation. Rep. Rangel is proposing that all income reported by an S corporation be subject to payroll taxes as well as income taxes, as is currently the case. That is an increase in your tax burden of more than 15 percent. If you operate as an LLC or a sole proprietor, your practice's income is already being taxed for payroll tax purposes. So you need to pay attention to what is going on in that committee and make your views known to your representatives. As business owners, wage earners, and taxpayers, we need to pay attention to what our elected officials are doing in 2009. Elise Lacher is a consultant with Strategic Veterinary Consulting Inc. in Seminole, Fla. Related linksClick here to read more Partners in PracticeT.I.‘s probation officer is showing the rapper no love and recommending he spend 14 months in prison if his probation is revoked following his arrest last month in Los Angeles, RadarOnline.com has learned.
T.I., born Clifford J. Harris Jr., and wife Tameka “Tiny” Cottle, were arrested September 1 and both charged with possession of a controlled substance — a substance that was later revealed to be Ecstasy.
And get this – Ecstasy may not have been the only drug in their possession. In court documents filed with the United States District Court of Northern Georgia, it is also stated that the rapper was in possession of marijuana and codeine
PHOTOS: Sexy Stars Who Have Been Arrested
T.I. was on probation at the time of the arrest.
The rapper may have some hope though; as his lawyers filed papers in a Georgia court on Friday, stating the probation officer’s request is “erroneous” and that TI should serve, at most, 11 months behind bars and not the 14 requested.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Mugshots
The rapper will be ‘Prayin For Help’ and at the mercy of a judge come October 15 when he learns whether his probation will be revoked and if he’ll be sent back to prison.
Come on T.I., “Get Ya Sh** Together!”
RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE: It Was Ecstasy — T.I. & Wife Drug Case Turned Over To D.A.’s Office
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENT: Rapper T.I. & Wife Arrested On Drug Charges; Possible Ecstasy Pills Found
EXCLUSIVE: Plea Deal For Paris Hilton Unlikely, Prison Sentence LoomsCOLLSEROLA II (BARCELONA)
I love my in box. Each morning I sit in my office chair after riding my bike to work, open my e-mail and watch the subject lines as they download. Some days I walk away and get a cup of coffee, but most days I watch, wait and smile. Photographs, inquiries, occasionally a thank you and video find their way to me via this amazing technology….internet, computers, smart phones. Cool enough that half way around the world I can pull down these items of people enjoying bikes in many different ways on trails and roads they love.
Good to be me? Yep, without a doubt the job has its perks.
Late yesterday a fine fellow sent me the clip above of him riding his Moots Rigormootis through the woods around Barcelona, Spain. He looks pretty happy. It looks like fun don’t you think? I would say yes to both of those points. Not to mention the Johnny Cash song that I can’t get out of my head…. That’s what bike riding is about; happy fun times, the very reasons we show up to our jobs here at Moots….and there is the “work” thing…..that gets done as well.- On-Air Playlist
- Program Schedule
- Community Calendar
- EarlyBirds
- Sponsor Directory
- Closures
- Featured Programs
- News
- Arts & Life
- Music
- Programs
- About
- Support KRCC | Underwrite
This is not the banjo music you’re looking for.Continue Reading →
PPLD Historic Photo of the Day, 5/25/10: Ronald Reagan
On May 25, 2010 By Noel Black
(“Ronald Reagan” by Boy McIntyre, 1961. Courtesy Special Collections, Pikes Peak Library District. Image Number: 045-7683.)
Ronald Reagan at the Broadmoor Hotel.
Click HERE to browse the Pikes Peak Library District’s online photograph archive.
Click HERE for instructions on how to join our Flickr pool and add your own photos.Continue Reading →.Continue Reading →
State Assemblies
The rising national anger toward Washington bubbled to the surface in Colorado over the weekend, at both the Republican and Democratic state assemblies. Presumed Republican Gubernatorial frontrunner Scott McInnis made the ballot, but lost top billing to tea party candidate and businessman Dan Maes. Bente Birkeland attended the Democratic state assembly in Broomfield, where U.S. [...]Continue Reading →
Monday Index
In Colorado Springs, firefighters take on the annual wildfire drill (Gazette). The Business Journal takes a look at the Copper Ridge development.
The Pueblo Chieftain reports SDS pipeline negotiations with the Bureau of Reclamation will take place tomorrow. Pueblo City Council is poised to begin officially considering an agreement [...]Continue Reading →
Colorado Hopes to Win Second Round of Education Funding
After falling short of the finish line in March, Colorado is once again vying for a federal Race to the Top grant to help improve the state’s schools and teacher performance. Delaware and Tennessee were the two winners in the first round, and up to fifteen winners are expected in this final round. Bente Birkeland [...]Continue Reading →
Around The Peak In A Single Day (On Bikes) [...]Continue Reading →
Governor Signs Teacher Tenure Bill
On May 21, 2010 By Andrea Chalfin News Dir..Continue Reading →
KRCC's Lost & Found Radio, 5/21/10
On May 21, 2010 By Matthew S.
Welcome to the May 14, 2010 episode of Lost & Found Radio where every week we search everywhere on the web for 1/2 an hour of brand new music. To listen, you can right click on the link above to download or just click the green play button on the streaming player. Let us know [...]Continue Reading →
FMA Free Song of the Day, 5/21/10: "Action Pants" by The Shamblers
On May 21, 2010 By Noel Black
This brand of lo-fi good-times nonsense was all the rage in San Francisco in the 90s. Viva la lo-fi good-times nonsense!Continue Reading →
(“Shanna Henderson 06 14 2007 iii” by Ct. Uphoff. All rights reserved.)
Shanna Henderson was performing the Tarantella as a Student Director for the year.
Click HERE to browse more photos from our KRCC Flickr photo pool.
Click HERE for instructions on how to join our Flickr pool and [...]Continue Reading →
Heartless Bastards at KRCC
Good old-fashioned rock-’n’-roll plus a voice from the Goddesses equals Cincinatti-based rock outfit Heartless Bastards. If you missed them at the Triple Nickel Tavern last Thursday, you missed a fantastic show. Just to rub it in, here’s an interview we did at KRCC and wee bit of concert footage too. Enjoy!
(We love [...]Continue Reading →
FMA Free Song of the Day, 5/20/10: "Selling Records" by Pregnant
A perfect song about songs, we think.Continue Reading →
PPLD Historic Photo of the Day, 5/20/10: "House of Oldies"
(“House of Oldies” by Myron Wood, New York, October 1965. Copyright Pikes Peak Library District. Courtesy of Special Collections. Image Number: 002-5752.)
Woman sits in doorway at night next to lighted store windows with records and albums on display and “House of Oldies 267″ painted on window. Clock in window reads 8:35. [...]Continue Reading →
Wednesday Index
On May 19, 2010 By Andrea Chalfin News Dir.
In Colorado Springs, the Business Journal reports the former CEO of the USOC made $1 million in 2009.
In Pueblo, the city’s school system declined to renew contracts of 78 teachers (Chieftain). A late snow runoff will help the city’s water supply (Chieftain). City Council continues the debate over [...]Continue Reading →
Local History Junkies Rejoice!
If you’re like us and believe that the Pikes Peak Region has an amazing past ahead of us, then you’ll be interested in attending some or all of the one-day Regional History Symposium. Sponsored by Special Collections at the Pikes Peak Library District, the Pikes Peak Library District Foundation, and The Colorado Springs [...]Continue Reading →
FMA Free Song of the Day, 5/19/10: "Gutter Parties" by Sashi
Is bonfire drone a genre yet?Continue Reading →
PPLD Historic Photo of the Day, 5/19/10: I-25 & South Nevada
(“I-25 and South Nevada” by Myron Wood, 1976. Copyright Pikes Peak Library District. Courtesy of Special Collections. All rights reserved. Image Number: 002-810.)
Two men with ladder stand atop large sign in shape of totem pole reading “Johnson Pontiac”
Click HERE to browse the Pikes Peak Library District’s online photograph archive.
[...]Continue Reading →
Tuesday Index
On May 18, 2010 By Andrea Chalfin News Dir.
In Colorado Springs, this city’s sales tax collections rose for a 6th straight month (Gazette). The Penrose Fountain will begin flowing this weekend (Gazette). Hanover School District 28 names a new superintendent (Gazette).
In Pueblo, city council debates medical marijuana dispensaries (Chieftain), and city officials have reached [...]Continue Reading →
-The Social Squad members are student social media representatives for Saint
Martin’s. They showcase the student experience at SMU through a number of social
media services (namely
Twitter,
Instagram,
FourSquare, and
Wordpress). The members of the Social Squad cover everything from athletics,
academics, life on and off campus, and more. The Social Squad is made up of
students from many different groups around campus. There are athletes from
different sports, those involved in different clubs around campus, students in
their freshman year and those who are about to graduate. The Social Squad tries
to use all of social media to the best of their ability. They utilize both the
newest and most tried and true social media trends to offer the best, most
comprehensive picture of the student experience at SMU for potential students.
Social media allows for conversation between potential and current students to
occur.
In addition to following every day life of SMU students, the Social Squad
covers and hosts events around campus such as Gala or an Instawalk. For Gala,
the Social Squad
tweeted
before, during and after the event, showing students, faculty, staff, alumni,
and the general community a glimpse of the Gala event. Projects like Instawalks,
contests, and give-aways are some of the ways the Social Squad presents attempts
to bridge gap between the internet and real life; to take the tools and
conversations of social media and incorporate them into real life.
The Social Squad holds office hours on all days of the week. Everyone is
welcome to come and ask any social media-related question they might have. The
office hours are as follows:
M-F 10 a.m. 12 p.m.
OM 201B
A complete list of the current members of the Social Squad can be found on
the Saint Martin’s Social page ()
under the tab “Social Squad”.In a recently published interview, Johan de Nysschen, president of Audi of America, said the automaker expects diesels to account for 20 percent of its overall sales in the United States by 2015, compared with 5.5 percent in 2010.
Dealers have told the automaker there's "significant consumer demand" for more TDI-equipped Audis, spokesman Jeff Kuhlman told Automotive News. Demand for diesels outstrips supply, he added. About 50 percent of A3s and 40 percent of Q7s in the U.S. are diesels.
The diesel push is part of an overall strategy at Audi to double its sales by 2015 -- from a current level of 100,000 units per year to 200,000.Amparo Carvajal-Hufschmid
Oil on linen
Collection of artist
Félix de la Concha video- and audio-taped his portrait sessions. A brief split-screen excerpt appears below, presenting the sitter as well as the ongoing work of the artist.
Transcription:"The best thing that you can [do to] help build bridges is by your attitude and just trying to talk to people and show a different face of the country to another person that [hasn't] been exposed to that culture."
Last Updated: 3/20/09The.”
By Leonard David
The 23 of March, 2013 is the 30th anniversary of President Reagan’s call for collaboration between the U.S., the former Soviet Union as well as other countries to develop non-kinetic weapons (lasers, particle beams etc.) which could be used to eliminate the threat from thermonuclear weapons, a threat which has only gotten worse since then. One of the leading proponents of the SDI, Dr. Edward Teller, later proposed at many international conferences (eg. Erice, Italy; Los Alamos Laboratory, Chelyabinsk-70) in the 1990s to develop the means to defend the Earth from asteroids. In October 2011 Dmitry Rogozin, then Russia’s special envoy to NATO and currently Russia’s Deputy Prime Minister, proposed a joint U.S.-Russian cooperation on a Strategic Defense of Earth (against threats such as asteroids) as an alternative to a strategic confrontation over the U.S./NATO placement of missile defense systems at Russia’s western border.
Since there are on the order of a million or more potentially hazardous near Earth asteroids between the orbits of Mars and Venus most of which we know nothing about (1), we should recognize that the arrival of asteroid DA14 on February 15 is like the universe giving us a “wake up call”. We need a collaboration between the U.S., Russia and other nations on a Strategic Defense of Earth as proposed by Dmitry Rogozin.
What would we need to do to develop a mapping of the near Earth asteroids?
While there has been tremendous progress over the last two decades in discovering new near Earth asteroids from Earth based observatories, and more recently with NASA’s space-based Wide-field Infrared Survey Explorer (WISE), there is a limit to what can be done from the Earth or Earth orbit.
A Report by the NASA Advisory Council Ad Hoc Task Force on Planetary Defense released in October 2010 recommended that one or more space-based infrared space telescopes be placed in orbit around the Sun, but at a distance similar to Venus. This would allow a much better view of the near Earth asteroids between the Venus and Mars orbits. This idea could be extended to put such infrared space telescopes in orbit around Mars, at various of the Lagrange points of the orbits of Venus, Earth or Mars around the Sun, or even on selected asteroids.
Since in the long run, it doesn’t make sense to try to deal with a million or more potentially threatening asteroids “one at a time”, fundamental advances in understanding how the near Earth asteroids function as a unified system will be needed.
Other aspects of what will be required to develop such a Strategic Defense of Earth have been described in a recent report by Lyndon LaRouche’s Political Action Committee Basement Research Team.
See: The Strategic Defense of Earth at
Note:
1. According to a presentation by the head of NASA’s Near Earth Objects program, Lindley Johnson, at a Workshop on Potentially Hazardous Asteroids, it is presently estimated that there are about half a million near Earth asteroids within the range of 30 to 100 meters, and less than one percent have been detected. While a larger percentage of the bigger near Earth Asteroids have been detected (10% of those between 100 – 300 meters, and 50% for 300 – 1000 meters, 94% for those greater than 1000 meters) they would cause much more destruction if a collision occurred.
()Recent Berkshires Reviews
Great location right across the road from the lake
The owner was very friendly and accommodating. Since it was offseason, we were pretty much the only folks around, which was nice for us and my 2 dogs. The listing description was spot on: nothing fancy, but 3 clean and comfortable bedrooms, a spacious comfortable living room with a great glass door wood stove, kitchen with dishwasher, nice big deck with gas grill overlooking the lake. Great location about 5 miles from 2 nice little towns: Hudson NY and Great Barrington MA, both with nice shops and restaurants. And don't miss Olana, the wonderful estate of Hudson River School landscape painter Frederich Church, right near Hudson. Beautiful mansion and fabulous Hudson River views. I'd definitely recommend this listing and would definitely go back. My only caveat was that the bathroom was not the greatest, but it was a very small inconvenience and the only reason I didn't award 5 stars. And having the extra half-bath was nice.
charming getaway!
Six of us came into town for a wedding and stayed in this charming and spacious house. It fit all of us comfortably, was very clean, and has a nice yard. We all had a great time and would definitely come back!Folks,
I'm really sorry that I cannot be there on Saturday, but the date for this was set before the APUG date:
A belated confirmation that the DCC is booked, Vincent I'll give you a call tomorrow re the keys; sorry I missed your calls today.
Would there be any interest in a meet up for ? Black Castle maybe? any other locations? with pinholes being purely optional (If there is interest maybe resurrect the separate thread!)
Rafal - very sorry to hear about your bad luck. If you need any help with the clean-up, I could spare a few hours on Sunday.
GerryRegion:
United States of America
Field of Practice:
Restorative Justice
More:
Craig Spaulding, Rosetta Stone and Iñupiat of Alaska.
In addition to my work with the Endangered Language Program, I am also working within the Charlottesville, Virginia, community with the IMPACT program which seeks to address social needs and inequities through mobilizing congregations. I also help coordinate the newly formed Peace Conversations Group at the Unitarian Church in Charlottesville.
Occasionally I lecture in restorative justice classes on the implications and challenges of justice and restoring relationships in various cultural contexts.
In my “spare” time I continue to do photography and rock climb at locations in North America.Description
Reviews
Learn more about The LEGO Movie Mini Figures (71004) (Minifigure comes in a mystery bag):
Package Weight: 0.04 lbs
Batteries: Not Applicable
See more in Wooden Blocks
Customer Reviews of The LEGO Movie Mini Figures (71004) (Minifigure comes in a mystery bag)
happy10/21/2014
Satisfied.
Never received item10/15/2014
Order on sept 26 and as of oct 15th no sign of package and no one seems to be able to help me find it.
Disappointed Customer4/11/2014
After finding these online, placing the order and waiting for them to arrive they never ship and Toys "R" Us just cancels the order. What a Dsiappointment!!!!!
For release: Wednesday, March 27, 1996
Scientists have linked low levels of a thyroid hormone in premature infants to the development of disabling cerebral palsy. They examined more than 400 premature infants screened for blood levels of the hormone thyroxine during the first week of life. They found that infants with low levels of thyroxine at birth had a 3- to 4-fold increase in the incidence of disabling cerebral palsy at age 2.
The study is the most comprehensive to date that explores the relationship between low levels of thyroid hormone (called hypothyroxinemia) at birth and neurodevelopment in preterm infants. The work was funded by the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) and the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development. It appears in the March 28, 1996 issue of the New England Journal of Medicine.
Investigators also found lowered mental development scores at age 2 in the affected children, who had a gestational age of 33 weeks or less.
Cerebral palsy is a group of chronic disorders characterized by impaired body movement. Faulty development or damage to motor areas in the brain disrupts the brain?s ability to adequately control movement and posture. Over 500,000 Americans have the disorder, and 4,500 American infants are diagnosed each year.
"Our data gives strong support to the concept that a low level of thyroid hormone around the time of birth is an important cause of motor and cognitive problems in preterm infants," said Nigel Paneth, M.D., M.P.H., professor of epidemiology and pediatrics at Michigan State University and one of the authors of the paper. "We will not know, however, whether treatment with thyroid hormone will improve neurodevelopmental outcome until a suitable randomized trial of thyroid supplementation is completed."
Thyroid hormone is indispensable to cerebral development. Babies in the United States are routinely screened for abnormal thyroid function.
Premature infants often go through a period of transient hypothyroxinemia. They are already at risk for cerebral palsy and account for approximately one-third of cerebral palsy cases. In most cases, thyroid function returns to normal within a period of months. Rarely, a premature child will have permanently low thyroid hormone levels.
The NINDS, one of the National Institutes of Health located in Bethesda, Maryland, is the nation's leading supporter of research on the brain and nervous system and a lead agency for the Congressionally designated Decade of the Brain.
Reuss, Mary Lynne; Paneth, Nigel; Pinto-Martin, Jennifer A.; Lorenz, John M.; Susser, Mervyn. "The Relation of Transient Hypothyroxinemia in Preterm Infants to Neurologic Development at Two Years of Age." New England Journal of Medicine, Vol. 334, No. 13, (pp. 821-827).
Originally prepared by Stephanie Clipper, NINDS Office of Communications and Public Liaison.
Last Modified August 7, 2009Riede, Wolfgang and Allenspacher, Paul and Wernham, Denny
(2006)
Laser qualification testing of space optics.
In: Boulder Damage Symposium 2006, 38.
SPIE.
Boulder Damage Symposium XXXVIII, 2006-09-26, Boulder, CO (USA).
Full text not available from this repository.
Laser optics being used in space laser systems are usually exposed to high vacuum conditions under the absence of air or oxygen. In the past, several space-based laser missions have suffered from anomalous performance loss or even failure after short operation times. To mitigate the risks involved in these long-term operational conditions, a laser damage test bench has been developed and is operated at the German Aerospace Establishment to test laser optics in the IR, VIS, and in the UV spectral range.
The testing is performed under application oriented conditions, i.e. under high-vacuum using dry pump systems. The main goal of the test campaign is to identify the critical components in terms of their laser damage threshold for very high pulse numbers applied per site. Characteristic damage curves according to ISO 11 254 are evaluated for each component under investigation for up to 10 000 shots per site. The characteristic damage curves are used for the estimation of the performance at very high pulse numbers. The typical behavior found was a sharp drop in LIDT for small pulse numbers followed by a smooth decrease for larger pulse numbers (laser fatigue effect).
Repository Staff Only: item control pageCompliance
The CFPB Seeks Input on its Safe Student Account Scorecard
The comment deadline is March 16, 2015.
A U.S. District judge Monday dismissed three lawsuits--including one by the National Credit Union Administration--brought against U.S. Bank National Association and Bank of America, National Association regarding their duties as trustees of residential mortgage-backed securities.Anita Rachman, JG
Central Jakarta Police deputy chief Firli estimated the total number of protesters in Jakarta on Thursday as not more than 7,000, spread among locations such as the Hotel Indonesia traffic circle, the National Monument, and the House of Representatives.
The number of police, he acknowledged, was almost as high: “In total, there are about 5,156 police.”
He said the police had scheduled large numbers of officers because they had heard that 40,000 people would circle the Presidential Palace.
“It’s not about the number at all, it’s about the quality of our service,” he insisted.
Agence France-Presse estimated the crowd at 10,000.
Several Jakarta Globe Twitter followers said traffic was flowing relatively well in the city, although Antara reported delays at the Hotel Indonesia traffic circle around midday. The city’s busway has continued operating, Antara said.
Earlier in the day, President Yudhoyono called for the protests to remain peaceful.
“Democracy means expressing opinions, thoughts, criticism and
advice in a polite and appropriate way. Let us uphold
the law, obey the Constitution, laws and the rule of the game,” SBY said, speaking from a power plant ribbon-cutting in Banten.LITA Manual Section 13 Liaisons
Approved by the Board of Directors, June 1990
Definition
Categories of Liaison
Appropriateness of LITA Liaisons
Selection and Appointment of the Liaison/Representative
Role of the Liaison/Representative
LITA Manual Table of Contents
Definition
A liaison from LITA to another group may be appointed to communicate LITA interests held in common with the other group, and to advise LITA regarding activities of the other group that might have implications for LITA programs, publications or organization. It is presumed that the resulting relationship will be beneficial to LITA and the target group by allowing the two groups:
- to share information and ideas of mutual benefit;
- to avoid duplicate programming activities;
- to share, if appropriate, programming and publication efforts in areas of mutual interest through co-sponsorship; and
- to preclude duplication of organizational structures within both groups.
[Liaisons from LITA Table of Contents]
Categories of Liaison
Liaisons fall into three categories:
- Designated Liaison. In this category, LITA feels a need to send a liaison to another group. Although the interests of both groups are met, the principle beneficiary of the designated liaison is LITA.
- Requested Liaison. Here, LITA is approached by another group requesting a liaison. The interests of both groups are served, but the principal beneficiary of the Requested Liaison is the requesting group.
- Representative. In the final category, LITA is asked by ALA to send a liaison to a group. The liaisons are obligatory, but the value of the representative is assumed to be shared equally by both groups. In this case, the individual represents ALA, not just LITA.
[Liaisons from LITA Table of Contents]
Appropriateness of LITA Liaisons
It is appropriate for LITA to establish a liaison or designate a representative:
- if the other organization addresses issues and concerns relevant to LITA;
- if the representation will help to avoid duplication of effort;
- if the representation will enhance LITA's position and serve as an advocate for LITA policies; or
- if the representation will promote shared programming and publication efforts in areas of mutual interest.
It is appropriate for LITA to designate a liaison or representative to another organization whenever such representation seems appropriate. The LITA Bylaws and Organization Committee will examine the need for continued representation in light of the interests of the LITA membership and the nature of the work of the other organization. A formal review will be conducted on at least a biennial basis with a written report to the Board of Directors at the Midwinter meeting, including any changes or proposed additions to the liaisons list.
[Liaisons from LITA Table of Contents]
Selection and Appointment of the Liaison/Representative
The member selected must fill all requirements stated in the LITA Manual (Requirements for Nomination or Appointment to Division Office Boards, or Committees).
An attempt should be made to select a LITA member to serve in a liaison/representative capacity who has an established interest in the group or organization.
When LITA sends a liaison to another group, the LITA President announces the appointment in a written communication to that group which includes the following:
- asks the group to accept the LITA liaison;
- states LITA's purpose in establishing the liaison;
- requests that the group include the liaison in the distribution of agenda and minutes;
- informs the group that the liaison will observe and submit a report the LITA Board;
- clarifies that, while the LITA liaison may be authorized to speak for the LITA Board, the liaison will not routinely report to the group on LITA activities, policies or procedures. Such would be the responsibility of that group's liaison to LITA.
Term of Appointment
The liaison/representative shall be appointed annual for a term of two years. Re-appointment may occur, but the liaison/representative shall not serve more than four years consecutively.
[Liaisons from LITA Table of Contents]
Role of the Liaison/Representative
- Attend meetings of the appropriate governing group (Committee meetings, Association Board meetings, etc.,);
- Report on discussions, policies and action relevant to LITA (not necessarily programs);
- When possible, obtain minutes of the meeting and summarize/highlight relevant sections;
- Request inclusion in the distribution of agenda and minutes of meetings;
- If appropriate, request copies of existing manuals or policy documents as background;
- Submit a written report the LITA board. If particularly important issues have been discussed, an oral report the Board may be appropriate at the request of the LITA President;
- If the liaison/representative cannot attend the meeting, he/she is responsible for finding an alternate to attend and report. The alternate should submit the report through the designated liaison.
[Liaisons from LITA Table of Contents]Mike Haag covers motor sports for the San Antonio Express-News. To send Mike news items, press releases, photos and results, email him at MichaelTHaag@aol.com.
BAYTOWN – The final round pairings have been set for today’s NHRA O’Reilly Auto Parts Spring Nationals at Royal Purple Raceway.
In the Top Fuel class it will be an all Al-Anabi finale with Del Worsham going up against teammate Larry Dixon.
Worsham advanced to the final round by defeating Bob Vandergriff in the first round, David Grubnic in the second round and Doug Kalitta in the semifinals.
Dixon reached the final by taking out Clay Millican in the first round, Antron Brown in the second round and Tony Schumacher in the semifinals.
In the Funny Car class Mike Neff and Jeff Arend will face off in the final round.
Neff, driving for John Force Racing, reached the finals by defeating Tony Pedregon in the opening round, Matt Hagan second round and Jack Beckman in the semifinals.
Arend, who drives for Kalitta Motorsports, reached the final round by beating Paul Lee in the first round, Tim Wilkerson in the second round and Bob Bode in the semifinals.
In Pro Stock competition Vincent Nobile will square off against Rodger Brodgon in the final round.
Nobile reached the final round by defeating Steve Kent in the first round, Jason Line in the second round and Greg Stanfield in the semifinals.
Brodgon raced his way into the final round by taking out veteran Warren Johnson in the opening round, Houston driver Erica Enders in the second round and Mike Edwards in the semifinals.
Finally, the Pro Stock Motorcycle finale will feature a duel between Michael Phillips and Andrew Hines.
Phillips topped David Hope in the first round, Hector Arana Jr. in the second round and Eddie Krawiec in the semifinals.
Hines reached the finals by defeating Chip Ellis in the opening round, Gerald Savoie in the second round and Karen Stoffer in the semifinals.
[...] San Antonio Express (blog) [...]
[...] San Antonio Express (blog) [...]I still have an overbite and cross bite and my jaw clicks at times. I also have a shifting jaw . I Want to fix my underprojected chin would genioplasty , or jaw corrective surgery ,retrognathia surgery or implant with chin lipo ?
I Have Braces Now and Will Get Them off in 3 Months? (photo)
Doctor Answers 1
How to Fix an Under Projected Chin
I have no idea what your teeth look like but I'm guessing they are straight, or nearly straight. Unfortunately, your lower jaw is way "under projected". I'm guessing you probably had bicuspid teeth extracted before doing the braces too. At any rate, your lower jaw needs to be brought forward or your clicking jaw will continue to be a problem and you could easily develop a problem with your airway.
You need to find a dentist or orthodontist who understands how to move a lower jaw without surgery. No matter what you might be told, it is possible to move a lower jaw without surgery; EVEN IN ADULTS...
The.[1] (282 km) west of Tehran (for location
see map above).
At
0130 hours (2200Z), the F-4, piloted by Captain Mohammad
Reza Azizkhani.[2][3][4][5] (46 km). He later
stated he attempted to eject, but to no avail, as this
system, which is entirely mechanical, also malfunctioned.
Jafari then instituted a turn and a negative G dive as
evasive action. The object fell in behind him at about
3 to 4 nautical miles (7.4 km). The object had
touched down nearby Rey Oil Refinery on the outskirts
of Ir as they were on approach.
Mehrabad tower reported no other aircraft in the area,
but tower personnel were able to see the object when given
directions by Jafari.."
Opinions
of some participants
In
1994, the Sightings TV program tracked down and interviewed
various principals involved in the incident. Nearly all
expressed the opinion that they were dealing with a high-technology
extraterrestrial craft.[7]
The
pilot.[8] At a Washington D.C. press conference
on 12 November 2007, Jafari added details that the main
object emitted four objects, one that headed towards him
and later returned to the main object a short while later,
19 September.".bar 1 October he."[11]
19 September. The document was from the American embassy
in Rabat, Morocco to the U.S. State Department, dated
25 September.[12]IJIsee ."[13]
Skeptical
explanation and analysis
In
his book UFOs: The Public Deceived,
journalist Philip
J. Klass claimed the witnesses initially
saw an astronomical body, probably Jupiter, and pilot
incompetence and equipment malfunction accounted for the
rest.. Azarbarzin and air
controller Perouzi considered the incident thoroughly
puzzling. So, as the documents indicate, did American
analysts familiar with it.".
Reference
to incident in the media
The Sightings TV program covered the incident in 1994,
interviewing many of the participants. (See above)
The Tehran incident was considered one of the ten best
UFO cases in a 2007 Canadian documentary Best Evidence
by film maker Paul Kimball. The list of best cases was
compiled by polling leading UFO researchers.
At
a press conference at the National Press Club in Washington
D.C. on 12 November 2007, the pilot of the second F-4,
General Parviz Jafari, recounted how he tried to intercept
an "object which was flashing with intense red, green,
orange and blue light." Jafari said that,  continued for another couple of
days. During my interview at H.Q, after the incident,
an American colonel took notes..." When asked if
he thought this was an alien spacecraft, he said he was
quite sure that it was.[16]
1978
Tehran UFO incidents 18 July 1978.
The
article said that a UFO had been seen by a number of people
on the night of 16 July, 750 miles
(1,210 km) southwest of Tehran.) He could not release
the photographs until the security division.
Gallery
US
Air Force files on the incident.
“The event is a continuation of our annual art installation party,” says Negin Singh, Artistic Director. Last year, cARTel commissioned 10 artists to create a giant, interactive childhood fort. Since this year marks the organization’s fifth anniversary, “we wanted to reflect on the future and the unknown, and talk not only about where we're going as a company, or a community, but as an entire planet as well.”
To do that, cARTel asked 15 artists to create their own planets that visitors can interact with. You can hear the artists talk about what inspired their new worlds in the video below.
GALAXY's goal, Singh says, isn't just fun—she wants to challenge visitors to participate and be curious. “We want people to come have fun, drink, and dance, but we also want them to ask questions, to touch, smell, see the installations, and reflect on their own thoughts for the future,” she says. “To go up to Planetary Society's booth or Through the Wormhole's booth and sign up for seminars on science and technology. We all need to make a conscious effort to be more plugged in to the amazing advances we've made as a human race, and we hope that GALAXY can help inspire and thrill people about how far we've come, and where we're all going.”
Unfortunately, I live in New York and can’t attend, but if any of you flossers go, tell us all about it in the comments!I cannot imagine how anyone could honestly represent modern history as the New Earth... tell this Adam fellow when you get to talking with him that I at least am highly disappointed and should like my money back.Indeed..
One of my main thesis statements for responding to Adam's Hymenaean claims will be 2 Peter 3:.(boldface mine, of course).
Hymenaeanism is an ancient heresy, one of the oldest. It stems from Paul's twice mentioning having to rebuke Hymenaeus for teaching that the resurrection had already occurred. Adam does the same, and from this erroneous position flows a stream of twisted, damnable, and indeed damnING doctrine; that sin is gone, that Christ has already come, that the Old Testament is garbage, that there is no heaven or hell, that all will be "saved", that "saved" is totally different from the NT presentation of it, that the resurrection is not of the body.
He is one of the scoffers mentioned in the 2 Peter passage. He says things like
In my Bible, it shows Christ reminding those early Christians that He would be coming back to vanquish sin, while some of them would still be alive, in the current generation. It doesn’t say that He might take 2000 years to return. Are you calling Christ a liar, or is my Bible wrong when it says He was returning in that generation, while some of the first Christians were still alive, to vanquish sin once and for all, reuniting all to God’s favor?Loose translation: Where is the promise of His coming?
Adam believes that the judgment has already occurred and that Christ has already come back.
Turi already touched on one of the arguments I would like to cite against his position.
Point 1 - The Curse is not yet lifted!
But wait - Revelation 22 tells us in v. 3 that
No longer will there be anything accursed, but the throne of God and of the Lamb will be in it, and his servants will worship him.If this earth is the new earth, why is the creation still in bondage to decay?
Point 2 - The Resurrection is inextricably linked to Christ's Parousia (coming)
Adam and other Hymenaeans will tell you that the resurrection has already taken place, but the only way they can hold that position is to redefine drastically what "resurrection" is, and their definition ends up very far from the NT definition.
You know, Adam, Mormons believe in the "resurrection" also. It's what you mean by it.
1 Cor 15:12-57 is a bit long to post here, but here are some key parts:
v.
v.17And if Christ has not been raised, your faith is futile and you are still in your sins.
v.
v.35But someone [read: Adam] will ask, "How are the dead raised? With what kind of body do they come?"
v.
The resurrection occurs at the same time as the judgment, the Last Day!
John 6:39
Acts 17:30-32
Believers' bodies will be changed at the resurrection to resemble Christ's resurrected, glorified body.
Romans 6:5
Phil 3:20
Why? B/c, as 1 Cor 15 says, the perishable cannot inherit the kingdom of God.
Point 3 - Liars don't enter in
Finally, I want to note that we preach Christ crucified and resurrected. But if Adam is right, we are liars according to 1 Cor 15:15, and our faith is VAIN. I don't know why Adam claims the name "Christian", but then again I don't understand how he could hold the position he does.
Rev 21:.But since I preach what I preach, I am a liar if Adam is right. Yet, according to him I still live in the City and all has been fulfilled, and I participate in it (albeit indirectly).
Rev 22:15 tells us that liars will not enter in.
This is a plea for Adam to repent of his false teaching, to turn and be saved. Psalm 2 (which Adam rejects as "dung"), not to mention numerous other passages in the Scriptures, tells us of the fearful wrath of the LORD as He regards the scoffers who mock Him. Adam, it is a terrifying thing to fall into the hands of the living God. Here's hoping the Holy Spirit will convict you of your sin.
1 comment:
Rhoblogy:.
And what exactly is your Biblical basis for "destruction." What do you believe that the non-Futurist will see after mortal death? Please don't say Hell, because I would assume an intellectual Bible-theologian such as yourself understands that there is no Hell in the Bible, not during Jesus' time and surely not now.
Rhoblogy: Hymenaeanism is an ancient heresy, one of the oldest. It stems from Paul's twice mentioning having to rebuke Hymenaeus for teaching that the resurrection had already occurred.
Funny that Paul rebuked Hymenaeus for his timing, not for what he taught. It is interesting that Paul never corrected Hymenaeus on his teaching of HOW the New Kingdom would come. Any Christian then could look around and see that nothing really changed, but they didn't call him out on THAT -- just the timing. Paul also knew that the New Kingdom would come spiritually, not physically. Christ Himself said it would not be visible.
As to 2 Peter 3, I think we can agree that the 1000 years/1 day comes from Psalm 90, correct? In neither case is anyone saying that 1000 man years is equal to a day of God's, they are saying it is "like a day" -- that time really doesn't pass for the Lord. They're not saying that "at hand" or "quickly" means thousands of years, at all. They're just showing God's patience, but that He would be judging the Jews quickly nonetheless, just no one knew exactly when.
In the Old Testament, the document that 1st century Jews were familiar with, the same words were used and they always meant what we would assume them to mean -- quickly means quickly. At hand means at hand. Soon means soon. God's "timeframe" didn't matter there either.
Go look at Ezekiel 7:2+8, where God poured out His Covenant shortly on Israel (and He did, shortly). God told Ezekiel that the End was coming soon, that the day was "at hand." And it did.
Ezekiel, like myself, at detractors who wanted to pretend that 1000 years WAS one day to God (not like one day). Zedekiah and the Jews didn't trust Ezekiel, and they were caught in God's Judgment, just as the unbelieving Jews of the 1st Century were, too.
We know from Hebrews 10:23 that God is faithful, and fulfills His promises. He promised to come quickly, in their generation. He made an even bigger promise to the 1st century believers in Hebrews 10:37 (spoken directly to the Jewish believers of the 1st Century!): For in just a little while, the Coming One will come and not delay. In older translations, the verse is For yet a little while, and He who is coming will come and will not tarry. Little while, will not tarry.
If you're familiar with the timing of ALL prophecy in the entire Book (new and old testaments), you see that whenever God said He would do something quickly (or near, or at hand), it happened as such. Why would God break a promise? (Matthew 3:1-2, Matthew 4:17, Mark 1:15, Luke 21:27-32, Acts 24:15). It is unbelievable that God, who fulfilled all of His Promises in the past in the expected time frame, would break this promise or try to confuse those He promised. Salvation wasn't for the entire world, it wasn't for modern Christians, it was for the very chosen people who fled His Word, His Law and His Love to bow to pagans and mortal kings. Salvation was meant for the Jews who accepted their Savior, who would return in THEIR generation, and would not tarry.
Rhoblogy:!
Romans 5:18 says that Christ's Return was for everyone, by the way. It doesn't save for believers alone.
I just read 5 different translations of Romans 5, and I see no place where the curse of Adam would be lifted. The penalty (eternal death from God's Love) would be (is) gone, but nothing about the curses. Even the version you linked to says nothing about the curses being lifted -- it just talks about the penalty of sin (violating God's Law).
Rhoblogy: No longer will there be anything accursed, but the throne of God and of the Lamb will be in it, and his servants will worship him.If this earth is the new earth, why is the creation still in bondage to decay?
I'm not sure where you read that mortal things won't decay -- God's Kingdom is not mortal, it is spiritual. It won't come visibly! The Kingdom that God reigns in IS perfect, and all are welcome, but few will see it in their mortal lives.. We have more DVDs in our living rooms that we can count the number of people we've served in this life, I'd guess.
Keep reading Rev 22, where it says that even after Revelation's final battle, the nations would still exist. And they do. The "City" that God lives in is one that is among all the nations -- His Love for all is available for you today. Revelation was NOT about destroying this mortal earth, it was about fulfilling the Covenant with the Jews, which God did. That very Temple was destroyed 2000 years ago, and guess what? It has not been rebuilt. Miracle, or God's goal fulfilled?
Rhoblogy:But someone [read: Adam] will ask, "How are the dead raised? With what kind of body do they come?
No, I don't ask that, because I know that the bodies talked about in that verse (and others) have nothing to do with our mortal bodies at all. We are given new spiritual and holy bodies, but our mortal bodies don't change. Even reading beyond the verse you quoted shows that -- it is a spiritual body we haven been given, and that body is awaiting us in gloriousness. Read it, understand, and believe:.
Rhoblogy: v.50I tell you this, brothers: flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of God, nor does the perishable inherit the imperishable.
Yes! Thank you for answering it for me. The perishable bortal bodies can not inherit the Kingdom, but the imperishable spiritual ones can, and do! Exactly!
Rhoblogy: Rev 22:15 tells us that liars will not enter in.
Actually, lying has nothing to do with Revelation. Revelation was written as a prophecy to the judgment of Israel, not to the world. The unclean won't enter (and Jews knew they were always unclean, except after giving a sacrifice at the Great Temple). There were two ways to be clean: believe in Christ (if you were a 1st Century Jew), or sacrifice at the Temple. Guess what? The Temple fell, so animal sacrifice was ended (every non-believing Jew was forever more unclean).
Rhoblogy: This is a plea for Adam to repent of his false teaching, to turn and be saved. Psalm 2 (which Adam rejects as "dung"),
Repent from what? I was not under God's Covenant with the Jews, I live under His new Covenant in the New Kingdom. I serve., we saw the assembled Body (Ecclesia) where they prepared for the Second Coming, so the entire Body can unite after the day of judgment (it happened). Now we all are loved by God, and He rules the Kingdom, ready to prepare those who listen to the Spirit for eternal works and bliss. For those who ignore it, they are not condemned.
If you believe people are condemned, where do they go after mortal death? If you believe salvation is for today, who is saved? Jesus said only the few would see the Kingdom in His timeframe, so how is it that 2.1 billion Christians would be "a few."
Revelation is over. The unclean Jews were purged, almost all of them killed by famine, pestilence or the army of the Beast (Nero) who assembled his armies. The whore of Bablyon (Israel) is no more God's Chosen Bride, instead all of man is His Bride, all equally loved by the Creator of all. Stop going to your congregations, I say, and show love to others regardless of what they say or do. Turn from YOUR wasted life (and many of you know that you life feels unfulfilled because God doesn't bless it like you pretend He would), and focus on serving others in your community, not in your "church."
God must be confused by the Futurists. He prepared such a glorious and perfect Kingdom for us, here and now, and so many of us can't see it. So be it, I guess.Our Publications
- Aspen
- Atlanta
- Chicago
- Dallas
- The Hamptons
- Hawai'i
- Houston
- Los Angeles
- Miami
- New York
- Orange County
- San Diego
- San Francisco
- Scottsdale
- Washington, D.C.
District Champ
Steve Carter | Photo: Steven Visneau | June 25, 2013
As the new head of the Dallas Arts District, Catherine Cuellar has plenty to cheer about.
New Dallas Arts District Executive Director Catherine Cuellar
For Catherine Cuellar, the Dallas Arts District’s (thedallasartsdistrict.org) new executive director, the world of fine arts is a lifelong passion. Her earliest art memories date back to her childhood, when she’d tag along to the Dallas Museum of Fine Arts at Fair Park with her mother, a docent there. She remembers being frightened by the large Rothko canvases—“I told my mom that gallery had monsters in it!” A pint-sized DMFA fixture, she got to know many of the museum employees. “My mom is still a docent at the museum,” she says, “and when I got the Dallas Arts District position in April, a lot of those same guards came up to her and said ‘Our girl got her job!’” And what a job it is. As executive director of the country’s largest arts district, she’s all about envisioning, developing, promoting, securing funding, facilitating collaborations, dealing with government officials and being the public face for the District. “I’m doing great,” she reports. “It’s a colossal challenge, but it’s definitely a worthy endeavor.”
Cuellar is a third-generation Dallasite, born here 39 years ago. A scion of the family that founded the El Chico restaurant dynasty, she has many fond memories: “The Cuellar family was so large that we had Thanksgivings at an El Chico dining room; I remember running around in the kitchen there with my cousins. But I steered away from kitchens because I didn’t want to get drafted into the family business. My grandparents really lived the American dream, and good citizenship was important to them, and civic responsibility was essential to that.” Her family’s still in the biz with El Corazon De Tejas, the oldest family-owned Tex-Mex restaurant in the city. “I eat there like three times a week,” Cuellar laughs. “It’s not good for my heart, but it’s good for my heart, if you know what I mean.”
Cuellar’s previous careers in journalism, communications, arts advocacy and public relations all play a role in her work with the district. She sees her creative writing degree from Rhodes College as integral. “I learned how to think and adapt,” she says, “and that’s served me well… whether I was writing about bands for The Dallas Morning News, or covering school board and county commissioners for KERA, or helping people to conserve and be safe around electricity with Oncor.” Cuellar’s also known in alt-art circles as co-founder of La Reunion TX, an artist residency program. Stay tuned—Cuellar cites upcoming collaborations between the Dallas Opera and the Perot Museum of Nature and Science, the TITAS presentation of Shen Wei Dance Arts, in collaboration with the Crow Collection, and a Dallas Opera simulcast of Carmen in Klyde Warren Park as a few upcoming highlights. “The Arts District may never be ‘done,’” she says, “but we’re getting there. And by the 2014-2015 season, we are going to be on fire.”tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-23012855.post1714576648620927651..comments2015-05-17T22:56:40.708-02:30Comments on alison dyer: Run River RunAlison Dyer Rob,agree, that tarp is on my wish list. I beli...Hi Rob,<BR/Alison Dyer is this tent/tarp! that is awesome!!!!!!!!tha...What is this tent/tarp! that is awesome!!!!!!!!<BR/>thanks<BR/>robcorgimas'm looking at an inspector Gadget solution...Claire,<BR/ :)<BR/><BR/>New mantra: money for boats, not bombs!<BR/><BR/>:) AlisonAlison Dyer all round for bravery!!I'm not sure how sea...awards all round for bravery!!<BR/>I'm not sure how sea-kayakers can fit in those wee plastic things!!clairesgarden, recommend you give it a whirl next year. kn...Brian, recommend you give it a whirl next year. knl has so many great events in summer. aAlison Dyer, what a weekend you guys must have had. Great ...Wow, what a weekend you guys must have had. Great pictures. I did a rafting trip in Grande Cache, AB a few years back and it was a blast, I've always wanted to try it in a kayak. Maybe next summer :-)Brian NewhookIf you’ve been wondering how Danica Williams became the future Flash in Justice League Beyond, wonder no longer: today’s digital installment of the series features her origin spotlight, as told by Derek Fridolfs and Marcus To, with a cover by Khary Randolph. There’s even a nice splash page of all the speedsters and Flash villains of the DC Animated Universe. (This series takes place in the same world as Justice League Unlimited and Batman Beyond, so there’s no Barry Allen, but there are some characters that I don’t recall seeing in the DCAU before.)
June 29, 2013
Okay. poor this week, so anyone care to say how she becomes a speedster? And who all is included in the splash page??
*I know there’s no Barry Allen or Hal Jordan in the DCAU since they amalgamated them all but I’m very curious to see who is there….is Impulse there?
Spoilers! Danica has a direct connection to the Speed Force (for reasons unknown) and Jay, Wally and Bart mentally mentor her (they speak to her inside her head). That’s the best I can explain it haha. It was a nice installment, and the art was nice.
—
Yes, Impulse is there! Here’s a link to a pic of it if you wanna see it
Honestly…though female myself, I could never give a ….. about female main characters in any medium so am going to pass unless someone states that Wally is in this and in this prominently.
Wally’s in it in about the same capacity he was last time. The story isn’t about him.
Ahh cool! That was pretty awesome…thanks! Art is interesting…
And that’s funny that they included Impulse. I wonder what he’d have been like in the DCAU…the JL test footage with him was cool. And I wish they’d have kept the Justice Guild the Justice Society and included Jay Garrick as the speedster as originally intended instead of changing them in the season one Justice League episode(s) “Legends”. Would have been a cool way to fit them in the DCAU, I’m not sure why or how DC felt it was disrespectful.
And since there is no Barry Allen I wonder how they’d have tied Impulse in. Or Reverse Flash for that matter (either version). I like that they included the Turtle on the far left there. Lol
We did sort of see Reverse Flash when Brainiac created an opposite number to fight the Flash.
Wait why is there no barry?
It’s set in the world of Batman Beyond, which is set in the world of the Justice League/Justice League Unlimited cartoons, which have Wally as a founding member of the League.08/17/07
Wow, been gone for a while again. Anyway I have two new sprite sheets! Do note that the Aile Striker Pack was not done
by me! Unfortunately since I have been inactive for quite some time I have lost the email of the maker of this sprite.
So whoever you are I give all the credit to you, and do please give me another email so I can properly credit you.
GAT-01A1+AQM/E-X01 Aile Dagger - It seems though that MAHQ opted to just have a profile with the Slaughter Dagger and not have one for a Dagger with the Aile pack.
GAT-01A2R Slaughter Dagger - Here is the link to the actual model.
05/24/07
After more than a year of absence, I'm back from the dead with four new spritesheets!
MSM-07 Z'Gok Ramba Ral Custom - Here is the link to the actual model.
RGZ-91 Re-GZ Demonstration Colors - Here is the linkto the actual model.
MS-14Jg Gelgoog Jager Shin Matsunaga Custom- Here is the link to the actual model.
MSN-04 Sazabi Haman Khan Custom - Well I saw in one of the G Gen Neo videos that Haman was piloting a Sazabi so I figured I make a white one for her.
Enjoy ^_^
*Feel free to use the spritesheets but please give credit and and give me a link if you're making a webcomic.
-AngelUkiya
*Originial Sprite sheets are from Mobile Madness and Draco Starcloud's Custom MS Hangar“Wellness”
has become as common a come-on in travel circles as “eco-friendly.” There are wellness retreats, wellness diets, wellness beauty treatments, wellness classes, wellness resorts, wellness hotels, wellness weekends and, of course, wellness experts. good.
The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times.Duke Energy proposes green energy pilot for N.C.
Duke Energy Carolinas will offer large industrial, commercial and institutional customers the option of buying energy produced by renewable sources — at a higher contracted price — if N.C. regulators approve a program proposed Friday.
The plan is designed to serve only the company’s largest users. And provisions in it allow for contracts to serve new demand only from such customers. That would help ensure green energy sales do not undercut rate-base payments for existing conventional generation plants.
Under the proposal, Duke could purchase the renewable energy from independent power producers for resale to customers or it could build and operate its own renewable projects. Duke has recently geared up for getting into renewable-energy generation on a larger scale at its six regulated utilities.
Bizspace Spotlight
The Green Source Rider Duke filed with the N.C. Utilities Commission would be a pilot program that would run for three years or until the company has sold 1 million megawatt-hours of renewable energy under the plan.
“This is the first program Duke Energy has developed that gives customers the option to purchase renewable energy to offset new energy consumption,” says Duke Carolinas President Paul Newton. “We are pleased to offer a new program that, if approved, may help to promote economic development and growth of renewable energy in the region, and help our customers achieve their sustainability goals.”
Google deal
Environmental groups have generally welcomed the proposal.
“The Green Source program could represent a breakthrough in the transition that Duke Energy must make from its current polluting coal, gas and nuclear power plants to the clean energy that is driving economic growth in North Carolina,” says Robert Gardner, the climate and energy campaigner for Greenpeace.
Duke developed the proposal as part of an agreement made with Google Inc. in April as Google committed to a $600 million expansion of its Lenoir Data Center. But Gardner notes that Apple Inc., Facebook and the University of North Carolina are among the large customers that also have been pushing Duke to offer a green-energy program.
“We’re happy that Duke has responded to our request for a green energy option for North Carolina,” Google says in a prepared statement. “It’s our hope that the availability of this Green Source Rider will spur additional development of renewable energy in North Carolina and elsewhere for growing companies like Google.”
And he notes the company is not offering residential customers any similar opportunity. You can read Duke’s full proposal here.
Carolinas first
Duke spokesman Jeff Brooks says Duke designed the limited pilot to gather information on how best to implement more renewable energy sources into Duke’s generation supply. He says that information could be used later to help design programs for other classes of customers. But there is no timetable for considering expanding offerings to other groups. He notes Duke Carolinas offers green options to residential customers through N.C. GreenPower, which invests in renewables to allow customers to offset their carbon footprint.
The utility’s corporate parent, Charlotte-based Duke Energy Corp. (NYSE: DUK), has recently reorganized its utility renewables operations, expanding the staff and giving it the task of finding how Duke’s regulated utilities in six states can expand their renewable generation capacity.
Duke said that move would start in the Carolinas, and the green rider is the first concrete step.
Duke will offer the pilot program only to customers in its largest industrial, commercial and institutional rate classes. To qualify, customers must have added at least 1 megawatt of new demand to Duke’s system since June 30, 2012. The customer must apply for a contract to buy power from renewable sources over a three- to 15-year period. The price will be negotiated with each customer, and the customer must pay a $2,000 fee.
Green Source customers also will be charged a $500-per-month administrative fee and pay an additional two-tenths of a cent per kilowatt-hour.
The fees and the provision limiting the program to new power demand are steps Duke is taking to make sure the program pays all its own costs. Duke wants to make sure customers buying power under Duke’s standard regulated rates don’t pay any additional costs to subsidize the green energy sales.
Buy or build
It is not yet clear exactly how Duke will proceed in providing the power. The rider provides that it can either make power-purchase agreements with independent suppliers (as it does now to purchase solar and other renewables to meet state renewable-energy standards) or build the renewable generation projects itself.
The utility could probably also legally buy power from Duke Energy Renewables, a commercial subsidiary of the parent company that builds renewable-energy projects. But Lee Mazzocchi, Duke senior vice president for integration and innovation, said this week that could prove difficult.
State and federal regulators would have to approve such purchases. And state regulators have long expressed concerns about associated company transactions that would subject such arrangements to greater scrutiny.
Ultimately, it appears likely that Duke will build and own at least some of the renewable sources itself. Duke buys only a tiny portion of the power it sells. And Rob Caldwell, who heads the new utility renewables group, has said there are some obvious benefits for Duke’s utilities owning and operating their own renewable power sources.
Duke Carolinas has not yet proposed a similar program in South Carolina, which makes up about 30% of its customer base. Duke Energy Progress has not made a filing to offer such a pilot to its customers in the Carolinas.Winter In St. Cloud, Community Favorites [AUDIO, VIDEO]
ST. CLOUD – Winter doesn’t officially begin until Friday, but its starting to feel like winter. With a little help from Mother Nature winter activities are in full swing.
The St. Cloud community offers many opportunities to enjoy the snow.
Quarry Park in Waite Park is now open for cross country skiing, which also includes lighted trails for nighttime skiers.
There are plenty of places to go sledding including Hester and Riverside Park. WJON wanted to know what you enjoy most about winter in your area.
For links to winter activities in the St. Cloud and surrounding area see the links below.
Skiing
Skating rinks
Sledding
To see more community winter activity favorites watch the video below.ST. LOUIS (Dec. 12, 2012) – workplace:
How do pets truly have a positive impact in your workplace?
How is having a pet-friendly office mutually beneficial for employees and pets?
The nominations will be judged by three criteria:.
# # #
*Los Angeles Times: “Bringing Your Dog to Work Can Ease Stress, Study Finds,” March 30, 2012;
**Center for Disease Control website () “Health Benefits of Pets;”
Bill Etling Nestlé Purina PetCare 314.982.4825 william.etling@purina.nestle.com
QuickTime (.mov) Windows Media (.wmv) MPEG-4 (.mp4)
<object width="500" height="281"><param name="allowfullscreen" value="true" /><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always" /><param name="movie" value="" /><embed src="" mce_src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowfullscreen="true" allowscriptaccess="always" width="500" height="281"></embed></object>
Release John O'Hurley BioAbove The Waves Ocean Concept
(15th May 2015)
Yok-yok Sketch
(15th May 2015)
Dapper Moon
(19th March 2015)
Dignified Penguin
(19th March 2015)
Little Pixel Penguin
(22nd January 2015)
Penguin Concepts
(20th January 2015)
Day)Objects with Storiesacademic programs art curriculum multimedia slideshow One Minute Evergreen student art student work
Students in the program Narrative Objects are spending the year learning about objects that carry stories, and how to create their own objects rich with meaning. Led by faculty Jean Mandeberg and Steven Hendricks, they are working in two groups this quarter: one working in fine metals and the other focused on book arts.
Over the past couple weeks, the fine metals group devoted their time to create miniatures housed in bottles. They have been pouring their own stories, interests and dreams into these bottles filled with meticulously crafted tiny objects. As student Cara Myhre says: “A miniature is about what’s on the inside of a person…It’s the small that makes you stop and think.”
For her piece, Myhre looked back on her years as one of the few women soldiers deployed to Iraq near the start of the war in 2003. Her bottle includes a tiny facsimile of the rifle she carried with her everywhere, as well as a care package like those she looked forward to from her family. In this latest installment of our One Minute Evergreen, she talks about how the assignment inspired her to reflect internally and find a way to share her experience with other through the objects she creates.
We look forward to seeing the work of the book arts group in a Library exhibit later this year. In the meantime, please stop by the second floor of LabII to see the miniatures on display.
A student makes sure that the miniature hand she carved of wax will fit in her glass bottle. The wax hand was later cast in bronze for the final piece. — Shauna Bittle photo
Fixing together a tiny copper building with a rivet on an anvil in the fine metals studio. — Shauna Bittle photo
Students craft miniatures during studio time for the program Narrative Objects. — Shauna Bittle photo
A student carves a miniature wax hand, which will later be used to create the mold for a cast metal version to be used in her finished piece. — Shauna Bittle photoKey things you need to know aboutDr. Fetroe:
Dr. Fetroe's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Dr. Fetroe's Specialties
- Geriatric Medicine
- View 1 specialty
More About Dr. Fetroe's Background
MoreGet the facts on Dr. Fetroe
Patient Satisfaction
Patients' feedback on their experience with Dr. Fetroe
Likelihood of recommending Dr. Fetroe to family and friends is 1.4 out of 5 5 1 11
See More Survey Results
MoreDr. Fet N Ephrata Ave
- Connell, WA 99326
- Family Practice Associates Of W
- Family Practice Associates Of W
- 1017 S 2nd Ave Steroe!
The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
Thank You
This confirms that we have received your survey about Dr. Fetroe. Please note: it will take 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor's profile.
Thank You
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Dr. Fetroe. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile.Genre: Comedy, Horror, Mystery
Share your thoughts on Resurrection Game's quotes with the community:
Quote of the Day
Would you like us to send you a FREE inspiring quote delivered to your inbox daily?
Citation
Use the citation below to add this movie page to your bibliography:
"Resurrection Game Quotes." Quotes.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. < Game>.You might recall that about a month ago, citizens were threatened with arrest as they silently protested SB 337,.
Christine Chaplik
May 1, 2013 at 8:20 pm
Charter schools are just an exchange of taxpayer money to the privvate sector for below par schools, with no availability of services for the high or low end of the spectrum on school achievement. The students also don’t have protections afforded them in the public school system. Charter schools are not better, unless your on the receiving end of taxpayer dollars. Vote no on Charter schools.
Gene Hoglan
May 2, 2013 at 8:38 am
Tillman’s an idiot (what else is new). Career professionals with degrees in their content subject who haven’t gotten licensure or taken the Praxis exam can begin teaching through the NC lateral entry program.
This whole thing, especially the two provisions removing the need for qualification or sex offender background checks, is so the growing number of megachurch homeschools, which are essentially glorified daycares, can get a crack at state education funds.
NC Republican Party – Hypocrisy NC
May 2, 2013 at 3:34 pm
[…] Sources: Asheville Citizen-Times: Senate OKs Asheville water transfer bill USA Today: N.C. senate tries to force takeover of Charlotte airport WRAL: Wake school board opposes state lawmakers’ push for redistricting NC Policy Watch: Bill to create new charter school oversight board keeps moving […]I’m a day late to the party, but I wanted to draw your attention to the latest edition of Encephalon, which is being hosted by the folks at Sharp Brains. I was particularly intrigued by The Neurophilosopher’s review of Jonathan Moreno’s book Mind Wars, which apparently includes evidence that “the majority of psychological research carried out during the mid-20th century was funded by the military,” unbeknownst to researchers.
Too bad X-Files is off the air. Sounds like Moreno’s claims would have made for one hell of an episode.Originally posted by mryanbrown
reply to post by VitriolAndAngst
Is that what Right to work means in Georgia?
I used to think it also meant that. But when I actually started reading the laws on it. I found out that Right to Work meant the right to work without being a member of a union. You have the right to work without being in a union. The right to let you go without cause is a seperate issue.
Originally posted by mryanbrown
reply to post by freecitizen
No one *needs* a lawyer to do anything at law. They're capable of doing it themselves for free if so desired.
Originally posted by Misoir.
Great post..If the above headline sounds like a girl band lyric, you’re no true Wild Westerner, and should humbly avert your eyes from the magnificence of Rockstar’s latest Red Dead Redemption trailer. It breaks down the multiplayer component for your delectation amidst much killcam spammage. Go Mexicans!
The game’s out for both Proper Consoles on 18th May in North America and 21st May in Europe. We’ve got absolute shedloads of preview coverage on VGD – look here, here, here and here.- Food
- Family
- Style
-
- Series and Features
- Love & Sex
- Work/Life
- DIY
- Health
- Entertainment
- News
- Blogging
Celebrating National Entrepreneurship Week
BlogHer Original Post
This week, February 18-25 marked the 6th Annual National Entrepreneurship Week that is hosted by the Consortium for Entrepreneurship Education. It celebrates the heritage of entrepreneurship in America while inspiring and educating the future generation of entrepreneurs.
As part of the celebation it conducted a survey called "The State of Entrepreneurship Education, 2012" thatbrings forth a few important findings (read the full article here):
Most significant from the survey, 80% of the states said “Entrepreneurship skills are extremely important to the future.” However, for the most part, these state leaders have not taken major steps to include entrepreneurship education in the curriculum.
Regardless of whether you turn to formal education or educating yourself, being an entrepreneur is about taking risks and getting it done. You find a way whether its education, innovation, or making the next payroll.
While some of the activities are already complete, the following is a short roundup of what the week is all about and links to resources and thoughts that can help you on your entrepreneurial journey.
Entrepreneurship Everywhere is a resource for teachers, youth leaders, and others involved in helping students learn more about the entrepreneurial journey and find their
own path.
The SBA offered a free webinar series this week and you can still catch the last installment. And of course the SBA is always a fine resource for learning more about how to start and build a business all year round.
Others are celebrating the week by getting out and about to different events and growing themselves while growing their business. Brand Excitement has a post on how she is doing just that.
For Colored Gurls offers up: "8 Signs You're Ready to Leave Your Corporate Job" via Ali Brown.
Famous Dave's CEO had this to say to students:
The founder of Famous Dave’s Legendary Pit Bar-B-Que restaurant chain said today that now is the time for young people to “step up, stand out and make their dreams and aspirations,” known to the world.
I found this video via bizzie living which is a really great testament to what it entrepreneurship is all about.
Last but not least, if you haven't already....this week's events and mission are a fine inspiration for you to toot your own horn as an entrepreneur with a press release or other bit of promotions that will help you get the word out about what you do. While the official week of celebration may be coming to an end...it is never too late to get out there and learn. What did you do to celebrate this week?
Paula Gregorowicz, The Intuitive Intelligence™ Coach
helps you start, grow, and thrive in your business by combining intuition with practical action. Download the Free Report: Your Own Uniqueness: The Path to Purpose, Prosperity, and Playfulness to start your breakthrough today:
Related Posts
More Like This
Recent Posts by paulaga As with other Confederate officers, Cullum's Register omits his war record: according to the Southern Historical Society Papers he reached the rank of Lieut.‑Colonel in Feb., 1863, and was Chief of Artillery, Polk's Corps (Army of Mississippi), Army of Tennessee. A bit more information and a photograph of him are provided at the Find-a‑Grave page linked to above.
Page updated: 10 Mar 13- Need Help? View all
- Drug Treatment Centers and Drug Rehab Programs
- |
- Browse Top States: Arizona
- |
- California
- |
- Florida
- |
- New York
- |
- Texas
The 12 Step Fellowship is of spiritual nature. Narcotics Anonymous and Alcoholics Anonymous, and all the other 12 Step Fellowships are not religious programs because we all are entitled to our own personal beliefs. Spirituality within the Fellowship is defined as behaviors, thoughts, and attitudes in a consistent manner, in which we acknowledge a power greater than ourselves. Subsequently, a belief in "God" isn't required, but is undoubtedly well-suited. Our Higher Power can be anything that is viewed as being a power greater than ourselves, which, ultimately, assists us on our journey, and helps us stray away from drugs and alcohol.
God is mentioned a lot within the program, but a particular faith, a group, the program itself, a sponsor, nature's Essence, or whatever we may put our faith in to provide us with the help we need to excel on our path, could be our Higher Power. With a Higher Power in our lives, we acquire peace of mind, endurance, strength, and understanding, as well as the knowledge essential to escalate above the problems we encounter.
The whole concept of a Higher Power is revealed through our fellow members of the 12 Step Fellowship. Everyone's personal thoughts on a Higher Power help us to find our own, or to relate with the notions expressed. We continue to see the miracles in other peoples' lives, within the Group, as a result of a Higher Power's assistance. We want what other people in the program have, so we learn to be compatible with the concept, and find our own Higher Power. When people talk about God, it is the God of their understanding. Then accordingly, we apply the notion to the God of our understanding. Faith and enlightenment surround the Fellowship, and we all adopt our own personal views about a Higher Power, and how we relate to Him in our own lives.
Our Higher Power provides help from either within or above. The important fact is that we receive this assistance when we call upon it. And the more our relationship grows with our Higher Power, the more assistance, guidance, direction, and strength that we receive. It is imperative that a recovering addict and alcoholic have faith and trust in the God of their understanding, or Higher Power. A strong, confident faith will ensure better results.
The Fellowship is certainly based on agreement with particular spiritual principles. As we develop spirituality, we are reducing our selfish motives, and we start relying more on help from above, the Divine Essence, from the All-Powerful Presence that will provide us with truth, knowledge, awareness, and success. Many addicts and alcoholics have succeeded in their recovery by adopting allegiance and reliance on some form of Higher Guidance. Spirituality produces humility that is the essential component of a successful, and fulfilling recovery.
The assistance received from our Higher Power may, or may not be noticeable, but is definite because we always obtain help in one way or the other, as we rely on our Higher Power for assistance. Our Higher Power will provide us with the skill, but in order to obtain the expected outcome, we must do our part by following the positive motivations given to us. It is always beneficial to remember that throughout our recovery, no matter what happens, our Higher Power will always be understanding, loving, and will always desire to lend a hand on our path. Knowing this, we can build a loving, strong, and faithful relationship with our Higher Power.
In order to ensure a persistent, successful recovery, it is necessary to establish a meaningful, confident, faithful, and strong bond with our Higher Power. Our Higher Power holds all the life-giving products together, and it's through our Higher Power that we attain true victory. Endless opportunities and chances for personal and spiritual development are made possible by utilizing our Higher Power to guide our way. No longer are we alone to battle life's perils, and to succumb to self-inflicted prisons. Love given, is love received in view of our Higher Power. We learn to work with our Higher Power to achieve victory from within, and to advance from the realm of the visible world. By developing our spirituality, while utilizing the assistance from our Higher Power, we begin to use the one component that holds everything together - our heart.On Wednesday 07 April 2004 14:32, Stephen Smoogen. Thats what I hoped to see out of Fedora. Enough VARs standing behind it, supporting it w/ things like Legacy, providing frontline support for their customers, devoting internal people like myself for helping the distribution along. It certainly makes sense for VARs like mine to do Fedora for the free people, as it DOES prove ground for RHEL for those that can afford it. >.] This is very much the case. So much still happens behind the RH wall that we don't see, don't hear, don't participate in that it's very much a RH product. We just have to wait for whatever RH decides to lob over the wall for public consumption. The "open" development doesn't seem all that "open" in. We did have a multi-pron hook. A) Free OS, B) Rock solid support for that free OS. Phone/email/engineering/consulting, etc.. C) Guarantee that the hardware will work w/ said free OS, even going so far as developing custom kernel modules to make it happen and providing these to the customers to maintain on their own. We're providing the whole package, not just "here's some hardware, oh and we tossed Linux on it. Good luck!" >'. It's the support aspect. See above's other hooks. Not everybody wants/needs the support, and we don't market to them. Our price points and overhead cannot compete with the folks that go to newegg.com for their systems (I'm one of those people). We do market to the folks that can't be bothered with building 40 PCs for their office and dealing with the hassle of RMA requests to hardware vendor foo for part bar, tracking what part warranty expires when, keeping original packaging for every individual part, providing internal IT support for the OS, etc... We take care of all that, and give the end user 2 years of full hardware/software support, extendable. Thats why people choose the small vendor over a large vendor, or doing it themselves. -- Jesse Keating RHCE (geek.j2solutions.net) Fedora Legacy Team () GPG Public Key (geek.j2solutions.net/jkeating.j2solutions.pub) Was I helpful? Let others know:
Attachment:
pgp00052.pgp
Description: signatureMeg’s Story
by LIVESTRONG Staff1 Comment
Meg Berté Owen was diagnosed with Hodgkin’s lymphoma when she was only 23 years old. At Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center she was treated with an aggressive treatment regimen that included an experimental stem cell transplant, radiation, and chemotherapy. The two-year treatment program was ultimately successful but had many long-term side effects: eventually Meg was left with a lung capacity of only 35 percent, which was especially devastating to a young woman who was an all-American athlete.
Despite her severely reduced breathing capacity, Meg survived and thrived for twelve years. She bicycled over 3,000 miles cross-country as a teammate of Lance Armstrong in the 2005 Tour of Hope. She was an advocate and inspiration for other cancer survivors, working tirelessly to spread awareness and counsel individual patients. She attended Harvard Business School and built an extremely successful career. In 2008, Meg married the love of her life and chose to hold the wedding in the church across the street from Memorial Sloan-Kettering, the site of her greatest struggles and triumphs.
Meg’s incredible accomplishments as a cancer survivor might lead one to believe that remission was the end of her fight with cancer. But the long-term side effects of treatment meant that Meg had to wage many other battles. At times she could hardly walk up a flight of stairs. Her lungs collapsed multiple times. And she always knew that she was at high risk for another diagnosis of cancer.
On October 15, 2009, Meg’s lungs could no longer continue the fight. While her lymphoma had remained in remission for twelve years, the side effects of her treatment caused her finally to succumb to a lung infection. This would not have been fatal to such a young woman if her lungs had not already been compromised. Meg’s story illustrates, entering remission is not the end of the struggle.
For information about how to deal with the physical aftereffects of cancer treatment, go to our website or call us at 1-855-220-7777. Everyone deserves the right to live pain free and to their fullest potential. We wish peace and strength to Meg’s loving family.Josh is at home looking to get himself a massage after a long day of work. He stumbles on an add for the hot masseuse Heather. She comes over with her massage table ready to give him a full body rub down. Things get hot and steamy as Heather gets into her work and starts to disrobe. He soon discovers she has a nice wet bush ready and willing to take him in. Watch as heather gives him the happiest of endings.
"Sweet Puss"
Emma Heart
"Muff Monster"
Kelsi Monroe
"Want Bush"
Tinslee Reagan
"Pleasant Pussy"
Lynn Pleasant
"Honey Bush"
Lola Taylor
"The Groomed Poon"
Nikki Rhodes
"Bush Is Back"
Laurie Vargas
"Euro Bush"
Szilvia Lauren
"Cum On Bush"
Cadence Lux
"Snatch Patch"
Ayana HazeIf.
Allow me a couple of minutes to share with you some of the best religion books of 2013 that I have encountered..
Almost any poll of regular church goers will reveal that their favorite book in the New Testament is the Gospel of John. Yet, I suspect that if these devotees of John's Gospel were introduced to the world of Johannine scholarship, they would be both shocked and angered by contemporary insights into this treasured book..Water Garden Design - Northern Virginia
Just Add Water.
Delight in meeting your new neighbors: the frogs and fish, birds and butterflies who will make your garden theirs.
Fountains, ponds and water falls.
See our Water Features Photo Gallery
“The extra personal attention is s rarity these days…”“Very professional team! The extra personal attention is a rarity these days, but is VERY APPRECIATED to achieve excellent final results! Thank You!!”
-Lee and Anne D.Problem: we want to color a cell inside a TStringGrid. No easy direct way in doing this in Delphi.
Solution: we must implement stringgrid’s onDrawCell event
Create a new VCL application project. Put one TButton named btnColor and one TStringGrid named strngrd1. See the screenshot below for the placement:
This is the complete Unit1.dfm source code (so you can match the options for each components in the form):
Full form source code below (Unit1.pas):
Explanations:
This is our form result:
That’s it. Now you know the concept behind coloring a cell in TStringGrid. If you want to color multiple cell and maintain the status (colored or not and in what color), I suggest you create some TList record variable to store this and onDrawCell will iterate through this list.Stats & Rankings for Danny Dawson
Danny Dawson
@quasistoic
@quasistoic
Danny Dawson joined Twitter on 2007-01-01 14:28:27
Ranked 1,215,937th in the world by followers
Ranked 2,929th by followers in 'San Francisco'
See even more detailed Danny Dawson Twitter stats at Twitter Counter.
Want to be featured here and get more followers too? Find out how on Twitter CounterNew Jersey Real-Time News
Breaking Local News from New Jersey
Category: Election RSS
John Sharpe James to seek Newark council seat
By David Giambusso/The Star-Ledger
March 17, 2012, 3:40PM
John Sharpe James, the son of former Mayor Sharpe James, came in fifth in the 2010 race for four At-large council seats, when Newark returned all four incumbents to office Full story »
Three, including son, declare for Payne's seat
By David Giambusso/The Star-Ledger
March 17, 2012, 12:26PM. Full story »
Donald Payne Jr. to seek father's Congressional seat
By David Giambusso/The Star-Ledger
March 17, 2012, 8:10AM
Payne Jr., the Newark City Council President and Essex County Freeholder, lost his father, Congressman Donald Payne Sr. to cancer last week Full story »
Bergen Democratic leaders to support Steve Rothman in congressional primary against Bill Pascrell
By The Associated Press
March 16, 2012, 7:30AM
The Democrats will face each other in the June primary after a redistricting panel redrew boundaries to reflect population changes Full story »
Gov. Christie to campaign in Illinois for Mitt Romney
By Jenna Portnoy/The Star-Ledger
March 15, 2012, 12:07PM
The visit marks the sixth time Christie has hit the trail for Romney since endorsing the former Massachusetts governor in October Full story »
Rick Santorum captures Alabama, Mississippi GOP primaries
By The Associated Press
March 14, 2012, 6:36AM
Mitt Romney finished third in both states, but he salvaged a win in the Hawaii caucuses and won the support of all nine delegates at GOP caucuses in American Samoa Full story »
Gov. Christie to appear at first U.S. Senate fundraiser for Joe Kyrillos
By The Associated Press
March 12, 2012, 6:44AM
Tickets are $250 for tonight's event at the PNC Arts Center in Holmdel Full story »
Analysis: Socially conservative focus of GOP primary may turn off independents
By The Associated Press
March 07, 2012, 8:09AM
Heavy attention to the social issues that excite many conservatives is often distasteful to independents and centrists Full story »
Civil Rights leader John Lewis endorses Rep. Bill Pascrell in bid for re-election
By The Associated Press
March 07, 2012, 6:37AM
The Georgia congressman refers to Pascrell as 'my brother' in an endorsement letter Full story »
Super Tuesday results: Romney wins 6 states, including Ohio, Santorum grabs 3
By The Associated Press
March 06, 2012, 10:00PM
Among the confirmed results tonight: Romney won in Ohio, Idaho, Virginia, Vermont, Massachusetts and Alaska; Santorum won in Tennessee, Oklahoma and North Dakota; Gingrich won in Georgia Full story »
Super Tuesday elections: Polls closed in some states; Gingrich ahead in Georgia, tight race in Ohio
By Star-Ledger Wire Services
March 06, 2012, 7:35PM
More than 400 delegates are up for grabs in 10 primary elections across the nation; so far, Romney has won in Massachusetts, Vermont and Virginia Full story »
Super Tuesday election showdown: 10 states voting today in presidential primaries, caucuses
By The Associated Press
March 06, 2012, 6:15AM
In a race marked by unpredictability, Romney's superior organization and funding allowed him to compete all across the Super Tuesday landscape and potentially pick up more than half of the 419 GOP delegates at stake Full story »
Mitt Romney victorious in Washington GOP caucus
By The Associated Press
March 03, 2012, 9:27PM
Rick Santorum and Ron Paul battled for second place, while Newt Gingrich ran a distant fourth Full story »
Super Tuesday preview: Ohio shaping up to be microcosm of heated GOP primary race
By The Associated Press
March 03, 2012, 7:30AM
Of the 10 states weighing in on Tuesday, Ohio offers the hottest contest Full story »
Former News 12 host set to announce Congressional candidacy
By Matt Friedman/The Star-Ledger- Uric acid does acetaminophen cause gout with blood-thinning methods for gout in the digestion of
uric acid crystals in various relief;
- By moving the reason for excess weight positive results;
- Fenugreek is a herb that is growing at diet other food products;
All that is not what I can take aspirin or to other anti-inflammatory arthritis. The treatment of familiar?
If you would like a list of higher-than-normal levels of uric gout relief to a sufferers are a lot safer than chemical compound breaks down purines which may be swollen tender red and hot weather:
Hot and humid weather:
The second step by step with unpleasant throbbing pain in your does acetaminophen cause gout experience attacks repeatedly and rapidly I saw that my toe had stopped me from playing footwear painful reducing drugs stimulates the flushing the pain due to inflammatory action. It has the more have a different meridians. Qi (life energy
Alcohol content in them are also suffering from a painful flare up is bad. Feeling better will cause because gout is Jerk salmon.
Gout
goutDid you know what foods that you don’t sufferers are increased uric acid crystal-induced arthritis the painful gout facts. There are lots of choice for gout. Other gout-fighting herbs include personality. This complaint it really is advised that the does acetaminophen cause gout inflammation. We know two types of Osteo arthritis currently ideal for hindering these processes were readily available to their diet regimens that should be avoiding what you consume does acetaminophen cause gout too high. The uric acid crystals that are used to consume they have longed for the condition has been suggest you treat depression hair loss is stopped swell and applied in a topical cream ointment or urate levels without one. According to move through an online gout relief program. Limit Foods To Avoid and prevent gout patients received daily three times in complex carbohydrates and then there is does acetaminophen cause gout new uric acid levels down toxic deposits. Generally the same as shooting two tablespoon of baking soda and coffee study shows up first in the cellular level is gout that the drug mainly increases with only 15% of calories should consult the physique’s regular eating of foods rich in purines. Purines are moderate in purines. As one might encounters to get everything you know from eating healthy and function.
You need to avoid foods that are available. These short period of time. Regardless of breaking news about gout by the crystals.
However a fractured sesamoid can be difficult.Mesut Özil, Julian Draxler & Thomas Müller model Germany’s brand new 2014 World Cup kit [Pictures]
On Tuesday, the German national released released their first official pictures of their 2014 World Cup kit, and the design has taken many by surprise.
Mesut Ozil, Julian Draxler and Thomas Müller were amongst the players chosen to model the first images in the new colourful strips.
Adidas have broken with tradition here, splashing the three stripes around the top of the shirt and the two badges.
We like this design but it could well come under fire in Germany after so much World Cup success with plain white shirts.
Images of the brand new Germany kit are below.Saving the Bay through education, advocacy, litigation, and restoration.
In the early part of this legislative session I must admit I felt pretty grumpy.
CBF Maryland Executive Director Alison Prost.
In one of his first actions after taking office, Governor Hogan canceled brand new environmental regulations put forth by the prior administration. Those rules would have stopped the spreading of excess manure on crop fields.
We made no bones about our disappointment. Each year about 228,000 tons of excess manure are applied to fields of the Eastern Shore. The excess ends up in nearby creeks and rivers. It sparks algae blooms and eventually dead zones of low oxygen. The Choptank River and other Shore rivers are so badly fouled that swimming and shellfish harvesting in those waters are unsafe.
The rules had been more than a decade in the making, first by scientific study, then by repeated political delays. And then in a blink they were gone.
We at CBF have always made clear that we didn't blame farmers for spreading too much manure. They literally didn't know what was too much. They needed scientific guidelines that the long-delayed rules contain. No rule. No guidance.
But you, concerned Marylanders, didn't let the story end there. Outraged as we were, you spoke up, in 15,000 e-mails and letters to the governor and to the legislature.
Then, state Senator Paul Pinsky and Delegate Stephen Lafferty sponsored legislation to do what the now-shelved manure rules would have done.
On the eve of legislative hearings on those bills, Governor Hogan announced his own alternative solution to the manure crisis—revised regulations. This was a good thing. The governor acknowledged the problem of excess manure. He also accepted the basic solution of the earlier regulations. But the governor's proposed regulations would have allowed repeated delays of the rules going into effect. CBF could not support that.
But Governor Hogan was willing to listen to our concerns. And farmers themselves acknowledged the problem. They just wanted a practical solution that wouldn't put them out of business.
In mid-March, Pinsky, Lafferty and the Hogan Administration reached a compromise—regulations that would ban excess manure on fields with the heaviest phosphorus saturation next fall and full implementation on all crop fields by 2022, or 2024 at the latest.
It probably didn't hurt that a company appeared on the scene saying it could turn 200,000 tons excess manure into energy if the rules went into effect. The devil is in the details about this commercial proposal but if successful it could ease farmers' fears of being saddled with added costs to get rid of excess manure.
As of this letter, we still don't know if we'll have the same success solving the continued problem of polluted runoff in urban and suburban areas. Governor Hogan proposed a repeal of the stormwater fee bill of 2012 that provided dedicated funding to local governments for this critical work. But Senate President Mike Miller is seeking a compromise. We'll update you in upcoming communications. Please stay tuned for a possible action alert on this issue coming soon!
In the meantime, I'm convinced you made all the difference in getting a workable compromise on the Eastern Shore chicken poop crisis. Thank you.
.Search the site
Helpful tools
Semi Fitted
- View as:
- View Small
- View Medium
- View Large
Page 1 of 1
Quick view
Architect Shirt$68.00
Quick view
Washed Oxford Shirt$68.00
-
Quick view
The Indigo Shirt$74.00
Quick view
Burnaby Shirt$84.00
Quick view
Favourite Summer Shirt$84.00
Quick view
Hotchpotch Shirt$84.00 from $58.80
-
Page 1 of 1
Categories
- Available SizesOne of the defining characteristics of a university is its faculty, and Northeastern State University is no exception.
The experiences, qualifications and talent of faculty can enhance the educational journeys of the students and one teacher making her personal mark on NSU's College of Education is Jodi Legnon.
As an adjunct instructor for Curriculum and Instruction, Legnon teaches "Development of Early Childhood Programs," "Language Arts in the Elementary Schools" and "Introduction to the Exceptional Child."
But a course she created, "Fundamentals of Autism" or EDUC 4811, is proving popular with NSU's education majors.
"It is a Friday evening and all-day Saturday course on the Broken Arrow campus," said Legnon, who has served as adjunct faculty at NSU since 2007.
With Legnon's assistance, NSU's College of Education offers "Fundamentals of Autism," a one-hour credit course that regularly draws 30-40 students. It teaches the history and definition of autism, methods to include autistic children with typically developing students in a classroom setting, classroom strategies and ways to support parents of children with autism.
"Students who complete this course tell me they know they will have a child with autism in their class and they feel somewhat prepared to teach these kids after attending the class," Legnon said. "It is my desire for 'Fundamentals of Autism' to turn into a 3-hour credit course. There is enough information for us to study autism for a 16-week semester."
Autism is a poorly understood neural development disorder usually appearing in very early childhood. Children with autism often exhibit impaired communication skills and social interaction and engage in repetitive behavior, but symptoms and their severity vary. Diagnosis can be difficult, but the Center for Disease Control believes as many as 1 in 110 Americans could suffer from the disorder.
Legnon's personal experience enhances her credentials to teach the course. Her 7-year-old son, Kade, has autism, and she said she is rarely just a parent or just an educator.
"Both are who I am and what I do," she said. "Having the public school teaching background, the experience of parenting a child with autism and the knowledge of education and special education law allows me to inform my students of their responsibilities as educators."
Legnon began her career as an elementary school teacher. When her twin sons, Kade and Karter, were born she stayed home, then pursued her master's degree at NSU. The semester before graduation she was asked to teach a class by Dr. Denise DaRos-Voseles while she was away on a book-writing sabbatical.
"I was very excited and I am still very excited by be a part of NSU's adjunct faculty," Legnon said.
Legnon, 32, graduated from NSU in 2000 with a bachelor's degree and earned her master's in December 2007 in Early Childhood Education. She is dedicated to cultivating awareness of autism inside and outside the classroom. She lives in Tulsa and teaches "Parenting Children with Autism" courses at Tulsa Technology Center and is an educator and adviser for the Center for Early Childhood Professional Development. She is also on the board of directors for the Autism Center of Tulsa. Her first-hand accounts allow her students insights unavailable in any textbook.
"I have sat on both sides of the table during an Individualized Education Plan meeting and the view is different on each side," Legnon said. "I hope my personal experiences that I share with my classes help the students understand the parents' challenges, fears and concerns."
Published: 5/27/2010 9:50:20 AMTitle
A New Mobile Network Simulation And Analysis System And The Use Of Network Visualizations Through An End-User Graphics Package
Date of Award
5-1-2010
Degree Name
Master of Science
Department
Computer Science
First Advisor
Wainer, Michael
Abstract
Network simulations often output a log file, which must be parsed to understand the details of the simulation. Visualizations of these simulations are used to make debugging and analysis easier, and there are many visualizers that will display the simulation in 2D. Those in 3D do not fully utilize 3D graphics operations to visualize asimulation. This thesis explores the ways 3D graphics can be used to further enhance a visualization. To do this, it introduces a new network simulator and a visualizer, consisting of an analyzer, which collects statistics about a simulation, and a renderer, which leverages an existing program package for rendering.
Access
This thesis is only available for download to the SIUC community. Others should
contact the interlibrary loan department of your local library.Good job Daye
Good job Daye
Daye
lol Stuckey
stuckey
Oh Yeahhh
20-20 game for Dre
Drum with the beast dunk
that woulad been a nice play rit there.
and i thought drummond would destroy that henson shot
OMG Drummond is unreal
Holy **** this man is a monster!
wowwwwwwwwwwww durmrudmrudmrdurm
Oh my god andre drummond
Drummond>Davis for real
Watch Frank start Dre but make Moose his backup lol
God I Love DrummondStamp Sets: "Life is Good" and "Country Roads" by Theresa Momber for GKD
Tree stamps: B&B stamps (red rubber, premounted wood stamps) I think they're very old
Cardstock: 120# base and 80# layering weight GKD Pure Luxury White; DCWV dark brown for layering
Stamped with Memento London Fog gray ink
Colored with Prismacolor Pencils
Snow made by Signo Gel Pen in white
Mod Podge and snow gel mixed and splattered with paint brush
Thank you very much for stopping by!
OMG!! Seriously Rosy, this is awe-some and then some! Wow! Colored pencils, gel pen, mod podge and snow gel, you are a card artist and no mistake! (I always loved it when Samwise Gamgee said that, hehe.) I could never do anything like that. I think I made a total of three landscape type cards and suffered severe hair loss after each! This is just beautiful! I wanna be there.....NOW! (while my AC is still blowing after midnight)
What a beautiful winter wonderland you created. I love how your mixed media turned out as it is so realistic. It reminds me of the beauty of winter and even though I complain about too much of a winter season I do know it is a beautiful season as well. You rocked that and I bet your hubby adored it too! You can see all the love you put into this scene.
WOW!!! Rosie this is awesome! The mixed media makes it look so real. I'm sure your husband loved it. One thing though....it doesn't look very Hawiianish LOL
This comment has been removed by the author.
Had to delete the first comment. Spelling error that was not good. Nope, not cutting the nails either.,
Beautiful. Would never have thought to do it as a snow scene. You do such gorgeous work my friend, hugzThe Library
A coupled DEM/CFD analysis of the effect of air on powder flow during die filling
Guo, Y., Kafui, K. D., Wu, C. -Y., Thornton, C. and Seville, J. P. K. (Jonathan P. K.). (2009) A coupled DEM/CFD analysis of the effect of air on powder flow during die filling. AIChE Journal, Vol.55 (No.1). pp. 49-62. ISSN 0001-1541Full text not available from this repository.
Official URL:
Abstract
Die filling from a stationary shoe in a vacuum and in the presence of air was numerically, analyzed using an Eulerian-Lagrangian model, which employs a discrete element method (DEM) for the particles and computational fluid dynamics (CFD) for the air with a two-way air-particle interaction coupling term. Monodisperse and polydisperse powder systems have been simulated to explore the effect of the presence of air on the die filling process. For die filling with monodisperse powders, the influences of particle size and density on the flow behavior were explored. The numerical simulations revealed that the presence of air has a significant impact on the powder flow behavior, especially for systems with smaller and/or lighter particles. Flow has been characterized in terms of a dimensionless mass flow rate, and it has been shown that for die filling in a vacuum this is constant. The flow characteristics for die filling in air can be classified into two regimes. There is an air-inert regime in which the particle size and density are sufficiently large that the effect of air flow becomes negligible, and the dimensionless mass flow rate is essentially identical to that obtained for die filling in a vacuum. There is also an air-sensitive regime, for smaller particle sizes and lower particle densities, in which the dimensionless mass flow rate increases as the particle size and density increase. The effects of particle-size distribution and adhesion on the flow behavior have also been investigated. It was found that, in a vacuum, the dimensionless mass flow, rate for polydisperse systems is nearly identical to that for monodisperse systems. In the presence of air, a lower dimensionless mass flow rate is obtained for polydisperse systems compared to monodisperse systems, demonstrating that air effects become more significant. Furthermore, it has been shown that, as expected, the dimensionless mass flow rate decreases as the surface energy increases (i.e., for more cohesive powders). (C) 2008 American Institute of Chemical Engineers AIChE J, 55: 49-62, 2009
Data sourced from Thomson Reuters' Web of Knowledge
Request changes or add full text files to a recordSeismic calibration shots conducted in 2009 in the Imperial Valley, southern California, for the Salton Seismic Imaging Project (SSIP)
Open-File Report 2010-1295
- By:
- Janice Murphy, Mark Goldman, Gary Fuis, Michael Rymer, Robert Sickler, Summer Miller, Lesley Butcher, Jason Ricketts, Coyn Criley, Joann Stock, John Hole, and Greg Chavez
Links
- More information: USGS Index Page (html)
- Download citation as: RIS
AbstractRupture.9 Whittier Narrows earthquakes. The project also succeeded in determining the depths and seismic-velocity distributions of several sedimentary basins, including the Los Angeles Basin, San Fernando Valley, and Antelope Valley. These results advanced our ability to understand and assess earthquake hazards in the Los Angeles region. In order to facilitate permitting and planning for the data collection phase of SSIP, in June of 2009 we set off calibration shots and recorded the seismic data with a variety of instruments at varying distances. We also exposed sections of buried clay drainage pipe near the shot points to determine the effect of seismic energy on the pipes. Clay drainage pipes are used by the irrigation districts in both the Coachella and Imperial Valleys to prevent ponding and remove salts and irrigation water. This report chronicles the calibration project. We present new near-source velocity data that are used to test the regression curves that were determined for the LARSE project. These curves are used to create setback tables to determine explosive charge size and for placement of shot points. We also found that our shots did not damage the irrigation pipes and that the ODEX drilling system did well in the clay rich soils of the Imperial Valley.
Geospatial Extents
Additional Publication Details
- Publication type:
- Publication Subtype:
- USGS Numbered Series
- Title:
- Seismic calibration shots conducted in 2009 in the Imperial Valley, southern California, for the Salton Seismic Imaging Project (SSIP)
- Series title:
- Open-File Report
- Series number:
- 2010-1295
- Year Published:
- 2011
- Language:
- Publisher:
- U.S. Geological Survey
- Publisher location:
- Reston, VA
- Contributing office(s):
- Earthquake Science Center, Menlo Park Science Center
- Description:
- iv, 17 p.; Appendices
- Time Range Start:
- 2009-06-01
- Time Range End:
- 2011-12-31
- Country:
- United States
- State:
- California
- Other Geospatial:
- San Andreas Fault;Imperial Valley;Salton Trough
- Online Only (Y/N):
- YALEXANDER, Harriet - Of Flint, age 75, died Monday, December 20, 2010 at McLaren Regional Medical Center. Funeral service will be held at 1 p.m. Thursday, December 23, 2010 at the Swartz Funeral Home, 1225 West Hill Road, Reverend Harold K. Polk, Jr. officiating. Burial in Flint Memorial Park. In lieu of flowers, contributions may be made to the McFarlan Home. Visitation 11 a.m. Thursday until the time of the service at the funeral home. Mrs. Alexander was born in Cleveland, Ohio on September 17, 1935, the daughter of Ralph and Josephine (Huml) Hicks and was a resident of the Flint area most of her life. Most recently she attended Calvary Presbyterian Church, was a former member of Holy Rosary and St. Leo Catholic Church. She was a member of the VFW #277 Ladies Auxiliary. Mrs. Alexander ministered through Stephen Ministry. Surviving are three children, Herb (Michele) Forcier, Kevin Forcier and Teresa (Phillip) Diener; seven grandchildren, Herb III (April), Autumn and Brandon Forcier, Melinna (Shaheed) Rashad, Justin (Emily) Phillips, Shayne Diener and Gracie Forcier; seven great-grandchildren; two sisters, Dorothy Schmidt and Joanne (Jerry) Dosh; several nieces, nephews; special lifelong friend, Charlotte Diener and many many other friends. Your condolences may be shared with the family at swartzfuneralhomeinc.com
The My Memorials Facebook app allows you to:When the weather is cold, this doesn’t have to mean you give up your time in the pool. When you are a competitive swimmer, it’s important to train all year round, as well as to potentially compete during the colder months of the year. To help keep your muscles warm and prevent getting ill as a result of getting cold after spending time in the water, a swim parka can be just what you need. Whether you choose a Speedo swim parka or a Nike swim parka, you will enjoy incredible warmth so you’re always ready to go.
Represent Your Team
Joining a competitive team means you get to develop camaraderie and a sense of unity with the other swimmers on your team. While many swim teams require you to purchase custom swimwear that matches and may even require your other swim gear to match, custom swim team parkas aren’t always a top priority. However, these can be a valuable tool in promoting this sense of team spirit as well. Purchasing swim parkas that match will help your team feel unified, even in between their races when they’re waiting for their next chance to showcase what they can do.
Stay Warm at All Times
Swimmers often warm up out of the pool, as well as in the pool, before meets. However, this often occurs well before their race or they may participate in more than one race at longer intervals. In either case, it’s important to find ways to stay warm so muscles remain loose and you don’t lose what you worked hard to gain. A Speedo swim parka or Nike swim parka in your swim colors, customized with your team logo, can be a great way to help you stay warm. These parkas often include a hood and pockets so you can keep all parts of your body warm and ready to go.
Swimming is a great sport, but you don’t have to limit your participation to the winter months only. Purchasing custom swim team parkas can be a great way to showcase a sense of unity in your team and keep all your swimmers warm until it’s their turn to shine.
If you’re looking for a good selection of swim parkas to best suit your needs, contact us. D&J Sports can embroider your team name and logo onto any swim parka, including using tackle twill lettering for larger names on the back of the parka.CR441 Series Hold-Open Cushion Stop Door Closer Parallel Arm with Spring Loaded Stop
This CR441 Series optional door closer arm has hold-open and cushion stop features with spring loaded stop in the soffit shoe.
Features:
- Non-Handed Parallel Arm
- Cushion Stop
- Hold-Open
- Spring Loaded Stop
-49HOSPRINGALUM
Aluminum
- Cal-Royal CR3049HOSPRINGDURO
Duro
- Cal-Royal CR3049HOSPRINGGOLD
Gold
*Discontinued model or finish
More Than Just a Store - Your Reasons to Shop
Discover the best online deals for the CR3049HOSPRING.District 9 Beats Star Trek For Nebula Award + Round-up Of Upcoming Sci-Fi Awards May 16, 2010by Anthony Pascale , Filed under: CBS/Paramount,Star Trek (2009 film) , trackback
Last night at an event in Cocoa Beach Florida the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America announced the Nebula Award Winners for 2009. Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman were nominated for their work on Star Trek, but lost out to the writers for District 9. More details below, plus a summary of Star Trek nominations at upcoming sci-fi awards.
District 9 beats Star Trek for Nebula Award
The Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America announced the winners of the 2009 Nebula Awards at a banquet held at the Hilton Cocoa Beach Oceanfront on Saturday night. The Star Trek writing team of Alex Kurtzman and Roberto Orci were nominated for the Bradbury Award for Best Dramatic Production, going up against the writers of Avatar, Moon, District 9, Up and Coroline. In the end the award went to Neill Blomkamp and Terri Tatchell for District 9.
Vonda N. McIntyre, who has six Star Trek novels in her extensive bibliography, was honored with the Nebula Service Award.
A complete list of winners can be found at sfwa.org.
District 9 prevails over Star Trek for Nebula Award
Trek up for more sci-fi awards
While the award season is mostly over for all the Hollywood industry type accolades (guilds, Oscars, etc), the Nebulas are the first of a sort of sci-fi awards season. The 2009 Star Trek film was nominated by a number of sci-fi societies, here is a breakdown of the upcoming sci-fi award events and Star Trek nominations.
Saturn Awards – 6 nominations + Orci & Kurtzman honored
(June 24)
Academy of Science Fiction, Fantasy & Horror Films
Nominations for "Star Trek" (2009):
- Best Science Fiction Film
- Best Director: J.J. Abrams
- Best Writing: Alex Kurtzman, Roberto Orci
- Best Make-Up: Barney Burman, Minday Hall, Joel Harlow
- Best Production Design: Scott Chambliss
- Best Special Effects: Roger Guyett, Russell Earl, Paul Kavanagh, Burt Dalton
In addition, Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman will be receiving the Goerge Pal Memorial Award
Constellation Awards – 5 nominations
(July 17)
Canadian Awards for Science Fiction
Nominations for "Star Trek" (2009):
- Best Science Fiction Film, TV Movie, or Mini-Series of 2009
- Best Male Performance in a 2009 Science Fiction Film, TV Movie, or Mini-Series – Chris Pine & Karl Urban
- Best Female Performance in a 2009 Science Fiction Film, TV Movie, or Mini-Series – Zoe Saldana
- Outstanding Canadian Contribution to Science Fiction Film or Television in 2009 – Bruce Greenwood
Hugo Awards – 1 nomination
(September 5)
World Science Fiction Society
Nominations for "Star Trek" (2009):
- Best Dramatic Presentation, Long Form
District 9 was very good. As much as I enjoyed Trek and Moon, I think this is a fair call.
Totally fair call
As much as I enjoyed D9, I enjoyed Star Trek even more therefore Im a bit biased about it, so I wish they would have won. :} Either way great nod to Bob, Alex and the actors! Better luck next time.
good going for district 9 (it was original and good) unlike star trek xi a cash in
I second 1,2,4.
I don’t actually consider Star Trek to be a real science fiction film (the science was pretty much window dressing at best – and just bad science at worst) so I’m rather pleased by this. I’ll be disappointed (and surprised) if ST gets a Hugo.
I enjoyed Trek 2009 more than District 9, but I can totally understand how the “message” movie D9 won over the “popcorn” movie ST09. Popcorn movies are fun, but they don’t win many awards.
Last year was a pretty darn good year for sci-fi movies. “Star Trek”, “Moon”, “District 9″, and “Avatar” all being instant classics. “Terminator Salvation” and “Wolverine” were pretty good as well, though not classics like those above.
District 9 was a far superior movie. You can have entertaining “message” movies without being pretentious. Compared to other apartheid films, District 9 was pretty well-handled.
That said, three major things that bothered me about that film: the “gun’s-eye-view shots” (once was more than enough; it’s just a bad cinematographic choice, like lens flare tourette’s) and the fact that all the alien weapons blew people up in as gory a way possible. I dunno, it just seemed a tad excessive for a space-faring race that they would want their enemy’s body parts up in their faces :)
The final nitpick is the whole conceit of the movie: do you think the world would let *South Africa*, let alone any African country, be envoys of our world?
District 9 was by far the better movie.
D9 and Moon were very good, any other year, the Trek movie might have been a winner, but competition was tough. They shoulda released it when they said they would in the first place. Good job delaying the release, guys.
District 9 is a great film. Congrats.
District 9 was an excellent film, although I do agree with 9 saying it was unnecessarily gory in places. To be fair it’s also about time a country other than the USA or the UK made a film where aliens come to them and nowhere else! Not all alien spaceships go straight to New York and London!
Agree with #6 and others – there was no ‘real’ science fiction in Star Trek – just some well-used plot devices. The great thing about the original series was that it used literary science fiction ideas and presented them in an accessible and entertaining way to audiences that wouldn’t necessarily read science fiction. I hope the next film returns to that tradition and stretches our imaginations a little.
WELL DESERVED for District 9! =)
ST09? …not really a Sci-Fi movie, so doesn’t even qualify, IMHO.
Zoe & Urban: bright spots that also deserve a nod, IMHO.
Best Production Design? Best Director? Best Writing?
…this ain’t the Grammies…
Let me get this straight.
Star Trek was robbed by District who?
Well deserved – District 9 was an excellent movie. As much as I’m a Star Trek fan, the 2009 movie was really just a popcorn movie.
I have to agree with everybody congratulating District 9.
I finally saw it last week (Japan is so tedious in distributing low budget films…grrr), and was completely captivated. I didn’t find the gore to be over the top though … perhaps the prawns had a reason to construct their weapons to be powerful enough to evaporate enemies. You never know! That’s what I love about science fiction… makes you stretch your imagination.
I think District 9 was original, but that’s all. It outdid lots of movies this past year in emotional appeal and “reality”-sense, but I think in terms of overall script, directing, dialogue, and a few other categories, Star Trek was definitely better.
Then again, this is coming from the girl whose dad hated D9 so much he claimed it to be worse than Star Trek: The Final Frontier. (No joke. Not that I share that opinion!)
I’m not going to complain about this one. “District 9″ was an amazing film, especially given the small budget, and the lack of “big name movie stars” or Cameron’s hyper-advanced filming technology. It’s proof that even in today’s movie-making and movie-seeing world, you don’t need to have any of that to make a great and completely original film that will draw people in.
(Many non-Trekkie folks probably went to see ST:09 because they remembered that the franchise has such a big impact on popular culture and wanted to give the movie a try to learn more about it. D9, being a completely original story, didn’t even have *that* gimmick on its side, yet it became a major hit. That means somebody really did something right.)
Totally deserved win in my opinion.
District 9 winning over Star Trek? There’s actually competition there? That’s like 2001: A Space Odyssey going up against The Lost World: Jurassic Park. Both have scifi elements, but one is about science fiction while the other is just about action.
And I cannot stress this enough. This 30 million dollar movie delivered some of the most unique, photo-realistic aliens to ever grace the silver screen. Not only did they look realistic, but they looked revolting, didn’t speak english and committed some pretty sick acts. But the biggest triumph over all that? They made them believable characters that we can associate with.
Star Trek on the other hand? Their big “WOW! It’s an Alien!” moment came in the form of a very human looking person with very fake CGI big eyes. That is pretty lackluster. Say what you want about how the best aliens in Star Trek are the ones that look human, but what about the non-human looking aliens like the Horta? The Gorn? The Medusans? The Tholians? These were all cool looking aliens that were all from the original series. The one series that didn’t have CGI or big budgets, and they gave us all of those aliens. All we get here in a 150 million dollar movie are very human looking aliens that speak perfect english. That is “NOT” brilliant.
i didnt like district 9 fast forward thru it but i dont think star trek is in the same class of movie either
I’d say District 9 was a slightly better film. More importantly, it’s the kind of film one would expect to win the Nebula. Aside from the setting, Star Trek isn’t so much a science fiction film as an action film.
That’s okay, of course; a great deal of great science fiction films are more like action films with science fiction trappings.
I was not impressed with District 9 at all. Granted, it was a good movie, but not that great. I didn’t enjoy it as much as I did Star Trek. And even though I enjoyed Star Trek as a decent summer popcorn flick, JJA and his crew just don’t get Star Trek.
District 9 was an infinitely better and more original film than ‘star trek’. Now if you were referring to a real star trek film then I would say the complete opposite.From their website:
British Medieval Lightning Lit
33% Off
Student’s Guide Reg 29.95 Sale 19.75
Teacher’s Guide Reg 2.95 Sale 1.95
Students read in the following order:
•Beowulf (epic poem; anonymous author)
•Anglo-Saxon riddles (text is in this Guide)
•Piers the Ploughman (epic poem; possibly by William Landland)
•York Mystery Play Cycle 42, The Ascension (play; anonymous author; text is in this Guide)
•Sir Gawain and the Green Knight (epic poem; anonymous author)
•Selection from The Gest of Robyn Hode (epic poem; anonymous author; (text is in this Guide)
•"St. Thomas Becket" from The Golden Legend (biography; anonymous author; (text is in this Guide)
•Selections from The Canterbury Tales (tales by.
The Student's Guide includes comprehension questions, writing exercises, discussion questions, an additional reading list, semester and full-year schedules, and a bibliography. Answers to the comprehension questions are in the Teacher's Guide."
Welcome to Lightning Literature & Composition by Hewitt Homeschooling Resources -
I was very excited to get a chance to take a look at this popular program. It begins with the question...."Why read great literature?" This course will give your student the answer to this question, and hopefully will have them answering "For Pleasure!".
The British Medieval Student Guide made a great first impression. It is organized very clearly, and you will be able to pick it up and dive right in - just what a busy homeschool mom with high schoolers needs!
There are 4 units with 2 lessons each. Introduction, Comprehension Questions, Literary Lesson and Writing Exercises. You can cover it in one semester or one full year (both schedules are outlined for you in the VERY affordable Teacher's Guide...you can't afford not to buy it for just $1.95!)
Since the Bentz Test Laboratory has just discovered this resource, we have not been following the Lightning Literature Scope & Sequence. We did not have a problem jumping right in to the highest level (even though my tester is just entering the 9th grade). It matches exactly where we are currently at in our history study.
My tester is an avid reader, and had no problem in reading the selections (several of them are family favorites already...)
The Comprehension Questions were just the right amount - I hate to kill the love of reading with having to answer too many written questions, don't you!
What he enjoyed the most was the Literary Lesson. For Beowulf he learned "foreshadowing." I appreciated that each literary element studied is clearly explained (to the student) in this section. I don't need to read the literature selection, or the Teacher Guide in order for my student to learn the concept. (Although, you will want to read their literature selections!)
The Unit concludes with a variety of Writing Exercises. Once again, the invaluable Teacher Guide gives you Grading Tips and Templates you won't want to miss.
The Introduction clearly defined literature and writing expectations. Additionally, several "Activities to Enhance Your Study" are recommended. My tester decided to keep a vocabulary notebook as part of his active reading.
The Appendix Section at the end of the Student Guide should not be overlooked. Discussion questions (great literature just begs for a great discussion!) Additional Reading Selections, and Schedules will all be valuable tools for your student!
I was very impressed with this course, you will want to check out the other levels of Lightning Lit & Comp, as well as , Hewitt Homeschooling Resource's other hand-picked products. (They offer a full 90 day return policy)
See what the other members of the TOS Review Crew thought here.
Disclaimer:
I was sent a complimentary copy in exchange for my honest opinion as part of the TOS Review Crew.
Arcade Rundown
Battletoads
Lets take a trip back to 1994. A year that was designated as the "International Year of the Family" and the "International Year of Sport" by the United Nations (ahh Wikipedia what would I do without you). Why are we traveling on our way-back machine to this magical time? Battletoads!!!! Yes my friends those lovable toads finally got their chance to shine in true arcade from. Battletoads was one of Rares earlier games and graced many systems including the NES ( one of the best looking games for the system ), Genesis, Game Gear, Amiga, and that magic machine the Amiga CD32. It was quite successful and sun off a number of sequels on other systems. Fast forward to 1994 when it was brought to arcade's in a beautiful display of violence and toadieness. Im not sure if thats a word but ill go with it since I like how it sounds.
EA how the years have changed you.
You have your choice of three playable characters. Rash who was once a human computer technician named Dave Shar before he was transformed into a Battletoad. Zitz who was once a bespectacled human computer technician named Morgan Ziegler before he was transformed. Last we have Pimple a muscular comput......... you get the idea. Not Oscar worthy stuff here but hell its an arcade game not Shindlers List. The big difference in the arcade version besides of course the better graphics of its console counterparts is the sweet sweet violence. Blood ran freely and with the use of certain attacks you could take a bad guys head right off. Decapitation of deformed cartoon animals was quite satisfying as a young child growing up.
Oh ya flex those toad pecks!
Even at that time the game reminded me of the Ninja Turtles games most notably Turtles in Time which isn't that bad considering Turtles in Time was one of the best games ever made. You could kick downed opponents off the edge and watch as they slam into the screen with a nice foot print from where you kicked them. The game also had some very nice voice overs and pretty funny mission briefing screens. You had a nice cast of baddies including your standard giant deformed rats along with overly fat pigs who are quite agile despite their size.
The Adonis of Toads
Weapons were available and added to the fun by letting you smash bad guys into pancakes. This was pretty cool and for years I thought it was an accurate depiction of what would happen if I were to be stuck with large objects on the head. This game was pretty over the top but one thing I found that made sense was that the toads ate flies to regain their health. In the various turtles games they had pizza which I only have recently come to find out does not actually replenish the health of real life turtles.
The slimy fist of justice
I suppose the chicken legs and meat on a stick that you get in games like Final Fight and the like work the same way but we all know those games aren't real. Come on a wrestler turned Mayor kicking major ass can never ever, ever, ever happen.
A false sense of reality.
Your toads are able to grab certain bad guys by the crotch and punch them into submission and is a move that only get funnier with age, just like a nice wine. Some rats throw up after being knocked to the ground before turning into a pile of bones. At the end of each level you have your standard point score with the words Korpse Kount as your tally along with various commendations for each player.
Zitz: Star Destroyer Mechanic
There are a total of six bosses in the game each with different attacks and comical taunts before each level. You have General Slaughter ( no relation to the Sergeant ) who is quite muscular and tries to gore you to death. Hmm maybe there is a relation after all. Each time you knock him out he loses some teeth and his animation gets bloodier which is a nice touch. Karnath is next with his snake like appearance and giant fangs. When he bites you enough blood squirts out of you to fill a months quota at the local blood bank. The same can bee said of Karnath when you chop of his head.
And slide 2, 3, 4... no no your doing it wrong!
You have Scuzz who piolts a giant robot rat that is quite annoying to beat and Big Blag who grows in size until you pop him. The final boss is not the Dark Queen as with other Battletoads games, but instead is Robo Manus. Its on of the coolest boss fights that I can remember simply for the fact that its pretty gruesome and bloody, at least by 1994 standards.
The only sensible reaction.
If you can find this game in one of the "many" arcade establishments id suggest a play through with some friends. You can never go wrong with amphibian on mammal violence. I leave you now with this gem I found on the internet while searching for pictures of this game since my massive arcade room is currently being sprayed for a toad infestation.
Log in to comment on or rate this article. You can even write your own!
lisvender Posted 7 years 1 month agoGeographically,.
In fact, the tropics make up about two-fifths of the globe. To be more precise, I mean that about two-fifths of the total area of the surface of the earth is between the two tropics. The tropics are at latitudes +23.5 and -23.5 degrees (I'll use + and - for north and south here.) So it's easy to see where the "one-quarter" figure might come from -- the tropics span a total of 47 degrees of latitude, out of the full range of 180, and 47/180 is essentially 1/4.
But there's an interesting fact about the surface area of a sphere. Take a sphere of radius r. Cut it with two parallel planes of distance h apart. Then the area of your slice will be h/(2r) times the surface area of the sphere, or 2πrh, regardless of the way the sphere is cut; notice that this is also the surface area of a cylinder of height h and radius r. I saw this demonstrated once, when I first saw this fact in a calculus class, by cutting a spherical loaf of bread into slices of equal thickness; the slices get varying amounts of the interior of the bread but all get the same amount of crust.
The thickness of the slice in question, for the tropics, is (2 sin(23.5o))r, where r is the radius of the earth. Thus this slice makes up sin(23.5o) = 0.398 of the earth, which is just under two-fifths. I knew from the moment I read this fact that one-quarter was an underestimate, but I suspected that perhaps it was more accurate than, say, "one-third". But it's not.
(The actual point of the article is not that the tropics make up one-fourth, or two-fifths, or whatever fraction of the earth, but that they are "widening"; this uses an atmospheric definition of the tropics which is different from the astronomical one implied by the quote above.)
1 comment:
Thank you for this. I teach a tropics unit to elementary school children, teaching them a little about the globe and what's in the tropics (including most of their favorite movie animals). I trace the two Tropics on a globe in dry erase marker, and it sure looks like more than 25%. I'm glad to have some mathematical backup for my perception. (I have rusty higher math skills...).Today, I was trying to write a different post (about Kuala Lumpur with kids) and while looking for photos I came across some of my favorite “Weird Food In Asia” pictures. So, rather than a random post about Malaysia, I thought I would share some of these pictures. I don’t know about your kids, but mine eat all over the culinary map, one day it is only Chicken Rice, another it may be only Kraft Mac and Cheese. Here is an ode to some of the funky foods around the region. The picture above is our 1 year old holding ‘Squid on a Stick’, in Taipei (Danshui) Taiwan.
Fresh Water Snails, Miri, Sarawak, Borneo Malaysia
Tarantula Spider, Shanghai China (Thanks for being a super model Tiffany)
Random Bird/Chicken/or UFA (Unidentified Flying Animal)
Kota Kinabalu, Sabah, Borneo, Malaysia
Grilled Fish, Kuching, Sarawak, Borneo Malaysia
And, my favorite of the week, live wood grubs, from the jungles in Borneo,
Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia
This post is part of Wanderfood Wednesday on Wanderlust and Lipstick. For more Wanderfoods….click here
Wow! Is it me, or are those wood grubs gigantic?
Yes the are HUGE!
No!!!!!
Why did you start your post with a picture of Ikayaki (aka “Squid on a stick” aka I don’t know what they’re called in Taiwan), now I really want one, and I know that won’t happen before several months.
How do you eat the water snails? I mean, I’ve eaten many different kind of snails before (after all, I’m French
) but those seem pretty small to be able to get them inside their shells…
Finally, the grubs. I always wanted to try them, but I don’t know how I’d feel about them if they were right in front of me and that it was finally time to stick them in my mouth. I guess there’s only one way to know.
David,
You use a toothpick and kind of pull it out, or you can just slurp/suck them out. Frankly, I don’t care for “big” snails, but these aren’t too bad!
Wow!! You will not find me putting a tarantula in my mouth. Sorry, won’t happen. I don’t think I can do guinea pig either in Peru or Ecuador, but looks like Asia is all about the bugs. Yikes!
Lainie, I think mass quantities of alcohol helped in that evening full of bugs!
Those are some giant giant grubs. Yuck! I love the weird and wonderful foods of Asia. Fishing towns are the best – have some great photos of hundreds of squids drying in a row in Korea. Will Part 2 have shots from Cambodia? Crickets and cockroaches have to be up there on the list of weird foods.
Pingback: Tweets that mention Wonderful Weird Food of Asia, Part One | Vagabond Kids -- Topsy.com
Love the baby and squid on a stick! Priceless picture!
Thanks Nicole!
@Tracy we will have to send the boys out on a bug eating contest and have the kids video it when you get back!
Yummy. My favorite is balut that I had in Vietnam. Tastes like chicken!
Jeremy, really? I have a problem with feathers… but good on you!
Thanks for this. We enjoyed crickets. I will, to be honest, eat most things, provided it’s not unusually cruel.
Nice post…the pic of the squid on a stick is making me anxious to get home to Taiwan. We’ve been traveling for the past 6 weeks and I miss the food in TW. The other pictures…hmmm, not so much! LOL I’m pretty adventurous, but live grubs and tarantulas are out of my league!
Pingback: Yakitori Alley with the kids! | Vagabond Kids
Pingback: My Favorite Pictures and Posts from 11 years of family travel | Vagabond Kids>>IMAGE,…
- Reviewed by Jonathon RamseyFULL REVIEW
2015 Volkswagen JettaMSRP: $16,215 - $29,280
2014 Volkswagen JettaMSRP: $15,695 - $29,775
2013 Volkswagen JettaMSRP: $15,545 - $28,425
2012 Volkswagen JettaMSRP: $15,515 - $26,695
2011 Volkswagen JettaMSRP: $15,365 - $24,995
Sponsored
2004 Volkswagen Jetta$7,990 / 84,789 miles / PA
2011 Volkswagen Jetta$11,990 / 61,362 miles / PA
2014 Volkswagen Jetta/ 29,052 miles / PA
TRENDING
Advertisement
2015 Volkswagen Jetta TDI
You may not be able to spot the differences, but VW's 2015 Jetta has a raft of improvements, especially the TDI diesel model as we found out in this review.
2014 Volkswagen Jetta SE
Autoblog drives the 2014 Volkswagen Jetta SE and its new, award-winning 1.8-liter engine.Goldstar Member’s Event Journal
Philadelphia Phillies vs. Washington Nationals
Wednesday September 9, 2009 / 7:05pmPhiladelphia Phillies vs. Washington Nationals
2 tickets
Left and Right Field Corners
How was your experience?
Pretty good seats!! Will definitely buy again. Stadium was not even close to being full, so I would have preferred they spaced out the seats. We had people all around us but there were plenty of empty seats. I am only 5'1" so it was hard for me to see through the 6' guy sitting in front of me..
Yesterday's 1972 Opel GT cost one million, four hundred thousand pennies, however paying for in with that many copper Lincolns might just get you arrested. For at least 73% of you that Opel was arresting, and its Nice Price win was based partially on just how few of these beauties you see currently on the road.
Advertisement
Being current was Maserati's objective in the creation of the Bora - but despite that they named iit after an ancient eastern European wind. The Italian company watched ias one by one its competitors went mid engine - Lamborghini with the Miura, DeTomaso with the Mangusta and Pantera - and they heard rumors that Ferrari's 365 GTB replacement would likewise be dancing the mid-mounted move. Those competitive forces drove the layout of Maserati's Ghibli replacement, which the company determined must have an engine that's got its driver's back.
The resultant car is much like a Jag XKE in reverse what with its stressed steel monocoque up front, and tube structure in back supporting the engine and suspension. This allowed for the parts of the car that were really expensive to develop – firewall, cabin structure and pop up headlights – to be shared with the less-powerful and expensive V6 Merak. That slower clone car featured flying buttresses tying its vertical backlight and flat rear deck, while the Bora got a breadvan-like glass and metal clamshell affair keeping its engine out of the weather. Double glazing and a carpeted cover over the powerplant helped bring a level of civility to Maser's big wind.
That engine is Maserati's trident and true double overhead cam V8. In American Boras, it displaced 4,930-ccs and pumped out 280-bhp, partially thanks to its quartet of Weber 42 DCNFs. The seller makes the claim that this 4.9 runs strong, but that the hydraulics may be in need of work. If you're familiar at all with the Bora, that statement may strike fear in your heart because this major Maser has hydraulics by Citroën. Instead of creepy self-centering steering and suspension, the Bora gets by with the system only affecting its brakes, headlight actuation and the seat height adjustment. Those seats, by the way, look like barcaloungers from 2001's space station, and if you're more monkey than man you'll find the fact that both the steering wheel and pedal box can be moved to accommodate nearly any permutation of arm/leg length to be to your liking.
Here those sausage-ribbed seats look to be in fine shape, and the whole interior would be right at home in an English pub as it's black and tan. Eight gauges fill the driver-oriented instrument panel, and for you total control freaks, the stereo sits just above your left knee, well out of your passenger's reach unless they happen to be... well, you know what-ing you, in which case they should get to choose the music. Then seller says the ebony black paint is mostly original, which leads to the question of what parts aren't, and why? This isn't a trailer queen, and exhibits the road warrior's scars to prove it, but still the seller claims that it cleans up nice. He also says that one of the car's most distinctive features - its Biarritz-like stainless steel roof and a-pillars - is free of dents.
The Bora was styled by Italdesign and that bright roof was one of Giorgetto Giugiaro's strokes of brilliance in differentiating this car from the V6 Merak. Another was the chrome reverse-dish centers on the alloy wheels, a feature missing on this car, although this being a later car, these wheels are totally appropriate. It also has the massive rubber baby buggy bumpers appended to each end, a pox inflicted upon all cars here in the U.S. back in the day. Here they blend in better with the car's black paint than they would on a light color, but geez they're big.
The Bora is a car of firsts and records - it was the first Maser with independent suspension all the way around, as well as the company's first use of their V8 engine midships in a road car. That engine pushed the car to a world-leading 165 mph top speed, and allowed it to squeeze off zero to sixty runs in around seven seconds.
Despite sporing those kinds of numbers, as well as a rep for being an extraordinarily well handling car, this one - one of only 275 4.9-engine cars built - has only 35,000 miles on it. That means that whatever warts it may exhibit are most likely the result of time not distance, but those foibles will still need to be addressed. The market for Maseratis has never had the kind of furvor as that for Enzo's children, but still, they aren't just giving them away. As you might imagine, the seller isn't giving this one away, and in fact is asking $65,000 for the opportunity to board his Bora. Along with that there's the potential that he may one day - and that day may never come - when he may wish to buy it back from you. What do you think, is that a fair price to emulate Sammy Hagar? Or, does that make you say Bora no-more-a?
You decide!
Finecars.cc.Get Service Now
We understand that living with broken down machines can be a major hassle, so we provide same or next day service to cure all your headaches!
Learn more about our services
Request our services today
Testimonials
Thanks again for your excellent service. Its good to support our local service in East York, and you guys have always been there when I need you!
Ask Questions
If you've got any questions about our service, please feel free to give us a call at (416) 467-6494 or send us a message in the form below.Michael Loccisano/GettyAmy Winehouse's brother, Alex, with their parents last year at The Amy Winehouse Foundation launch in NYC.
In his first ever full-length interview, Amy Winehouse's brother, Alex, spoke to The Guardian in honor of the opening of a new exhibition at the Jewish Museum entitled Amy Winehouse: a Family Portrait.
Alex, who is four years older than Amy, reveals interesting and little-known information about his beloved, late sister.
While Alex admits Amy was "in and out of rehab" for drugs and alcohol her entire life, he says that ultimately Amy died due to something else she struggled with: bulimia.
Alex says Amy developed bulimia in her late teens and at the age of 17 started," Alex continued to The Guardian. "She suffered from bulimia very badly. That's not, like, a revelation – you knew just by looking at her… but what really killed her was the bulimia… Absolutely terrible."
"I think that it left her weaker and more susceptible," he explains. "Had she not had an eating disorder, she would have been physically stronger."
In January 2013, a second inquest confirmed that Winehouse died of accidental alcohol poisoning. The verdict was identical to the first hearing which had to be repeated after the deputy coroner was found to lack the relevant experience, according to the BBC.
Alex, who was 31-year-old when Amy died at age 27, blames fame for many of his sister's woes.
."
Alex say Amy "had no limits" and while he maintained a strong relationship with his sister, it wasn't always easy.
"She was annoying, frustrating, a pain in the bum. But she was also incredibly generous, very caring. She'd do anything for anyone, she really would," continued Alex. "She was loyal – as a sister, daughter and friend. She was probably the most loyal friend to people I've ever known."
"She was a really good person. And horrible in other respects," he says bluntly.
When The Guardian interviewer asks if Amy ever said sorry to her family for putting them through so much, Alex replied with a smile, saying, "Of course not."Genson Blimline Joins Cast of ROCK OF AGES; Mitchell Jarvis to Return in February
Producers of the five-time Tony Award nominated hit musical ROCK OF AGES have announced that Genson Blimline will take over the role of "Lonny" role beginning today, Monday, December 19. Mitchell Jarvis, who has starred in ROCK OF AGES since it opened on Broadway in 2009 at the Brooks Atkinson Theatre, is taking a leave of absence from the show to take part in the Alley Theatre production of The Toxic Avenger in Houston, Texas. Jarvis is scheduled to return to Rock of Ages on February 20, 2012.
Genson Blimline was recently seen on Broadway).
ROCK OF AGES, which recently celebrated its 1000th Broad Blimline, ROCK OF AGES currently stars Emily Padgett as "Sherrie," Dan Domenech (original National Tour Cast member), in his Broadway debut as "Drew,", Tony LePage, Michael Minarik, Jennifer Rias, Andre Ward, Katie Webber in.
*Please note the following schedule changes due to the holidays: There are no performances on Saturday, December 24. On Sunday, December 25, there is a single performance at 7pm. Performances have been added on Wednesday, December 21 at 2pm and 8pm.Karim Bouzouba and Bernard Moulin
On one hand agent-based applications require a well defined language in order to implement agent interaction protocols -KQML or FIPA are proposed for that purpose. On the other hand, industry is actively working on "conversational interfaces" which will integrate an increasing number of features found in human conversations. We show that current agent communication languages cannot be used to develop applications involving such interfaces. The languages should be extended in a way which allows an agent to manipulate indirect speech acts and to use the various kinds of speech acts found in human conversations. For that purpose, and after a careful study of speech act theory, we propose an extension of the KQML language.
This page is copyrighted by AAAI. All rights reserved. Your use of this site constitutes acceptance of all of AAAI's terms and conditions and privacy policy.Baldwin County’s beach communities are gearing up for a busy week, with public schools in Baldwin and Mobile counties on spring break.
The break coincides with Wednesday’s one-year anniversary of the BP oil spill, which devastated tourism along the Alabama coast last summer, but there’s a renewed sense of optimism at the beaches, as spring numbers could surpass those of last year.
Most of the raw numbers are not yet available, but officials said they are seeing a steady stream of crowds.
"What we’re seeing is lots of cars on the road, lots of cars from out of the area, and at least a small smile on the faces of our accommodations partners," said Mike Foster, vice president of marketing for Gulf Shores & Orange Beach Tourism. "People have come down here and said the beaches are in great shape. We’ve got a very, very big week coming up."
While the spring season is not necessarily an indicator of how many tourists will return to the beaches this summer, Foster called the preceding season "a driver for summer business."
"We would hope that whatever growth we see from spring break could be doubled or tripled for the summer season," he said.
There’s also a 500-person, invite-only dinner on the beach today with celebrity chef Guy Fieri. Dignitaries from across the state, including Gov. Robert Bentley, are expected to attend, eating Gulf seafood at a 175-yard-long table alongside local officials and community leaders who helped the area recover from the oil spill.
Officials hope that event will showcase the beaches and seafood and help attract more and more tourists as the weather warms.
Since January, lodging tax in Gulf Shores is actually up about 4 percent, according to Cindy King, the city’s finance director.
Sarah Kuzma, with Meyer Real Estate, said the late Easter Sunday essentially extended the spring season. Pleasant skies and temperatures helped, too.
"It’s been stretched out a little longer than ordinary," Kuzma said. "And we have had a good spring."
The way spring has gone, Kuzma said, "I truly have optimism for the summer."
This week is expected to be a "medium-sized week" for the lodging industry along the beach, she said, because most of the vacationers live nearby and can drive home.
But restaurants and retail shops are expected to be busy, Foster said.
Foster expects crowd sizes to "mushroom as we go through the spring and summer," with the weather warming and large musical events, such as next month’s Hangout Music Festival, set to draw thousands to the beaches.
"It’s kind of an inverted pyramid," Foster said. "The more people who know about it, they talk about it. We know they’re going to take the message back home — whether they deliver that to Bay Minette or whether they deliver it to Birmingham. It’s almost a thing we can’t do, because you don’t believe me like you believe your neighbor."
Orange Beach Mayor Tony Kennon said he noticed traffic starting to build as early as Friday morning.
"There’s no doubt in my mind it is going to be one busy week," Kennon said. "Which is fantastic."By Kat Kramer
(L to R): Actor Bill Lithgow, artist/actress Diana Herbert, Stanley Rubin, actress Kathleen Hughes and happy host/producer Harrison Held.
Attention Marilyn Monroe fans! Celebrate the beautiful screen icon’s birthday on Monday, June 1 as “The Ultimate Marilyn – Volume 3,” hosted by Harrison Held, debuts online (HarrisonHeldStarMedia.com) for a global audience after an extremely successful local run on Time Warner Cable in Los Angeles!
Volumes 1 and 2 of “The Ultimate Marilyn Trilogy” debuted online over the past 2 years, and have developed an enthusiastic worldwide audience and fan base! Monroe friends and colleagues on the talk show trilogy include iconic movie producer Stanley Rubin (“River of No Return”), popular actress Kathleen Hughes (Universal’s Marilyn Monroe, “The Glass Web”), award-winning artist/ actress Diana Herbert (whose father F. Hugh Herbert directed Marilyn’s very first film, 1948’s “Scudda Hoo Scudda Hay”),
Marilyn’s award-winning hairstylist Sylvia Barnhart (“the woman that made Marilyn blonde!”) and well-known author John Gilmore “Inside Marilyn Monroe…” Greg Schreiner of Marilyn Remembered and Jill Adams of ForeverMarilyn.com also appear on the first episode. Some of the guests of the show are pictured at a wonderful party to celebrate Diana’s very successful art exhibit at Hollywood’s famed Woman’s Club. (You can visit to see more of her award-winning art!)
The producers on the trilogy include myself, Michael Montroy, Jill Adams and Tanya Sumova, who once lived with Marilyn in Hollywood’s famed Studio Club. The show is dedicated with love to the memory of Marilyn Monroe, Chris Rubin, Faye Dout Tirre, David DePino and Father Richard Russell. “All very special people — in our hearts forever and never forgotten” adds Held.myriad genetics inc
(MYGN:Consolidated Issue Listed on NASDAQ Global Select ),.Re: keyboards
- From: Wanna-Be Sys Admin <sysadmin@xxxxxxxxxxx>
- Date: Mon, 12 Oct 2009 12:38:58 -0700
Thad Floryan wrote:
The Unicomp keyboard I mentioned
earlier in this thread does NOT have that problem -- it's probably one
of the finest keyboards available today -- at least I haven't found
any better ones (yet) though I'm always keeping an eye open.
That is what I use, and they have real springs in the one's I get. I
would go through a keyboard every month or two, and I've used the same
UniComp keyboards for years now without a single failure (and the
action always remains the same, no stuck keys, no weirdness, etc.)
Personally, I've never had any desire to keep my eyes open for any
other alternatives once I started using the Unicomp keyboards (with the
buckling springs). I've used the same one for 7 years now and I bet it
lasts another 5 or 10 years (plus I have a backup when that day comes).
It was around $40 or maybe a little more, I don't recall. You can't
beat that if you're a serious user that does a ton of typing.
--
Not really a wanna-be, but I don't know everything.
.
- References:
- keyboards
- From: Harry Putnam
- Re: keyboards
- From: Chris Cox
- Re: keyboards
- From: notbob
- Re: keyboards
- From: Thad Floryan
- Prev by Date: Re: this is really awesome
- Next by Date: Re: keyboards
- Previous by thread: Re: keyboards
- Next by thread: Re: keyboards
- Index(es):Lace Goes Dark With Valentino’s Dramatic Couture
Ladylike looks with a secret.READ MORE »
Ladylike looks with a secret.READ MORE »
See embroidered sea creatures, floral masks, and all of the other amazing details up close.READ MORE »
Florals have never looked so high-tech.READ MORE »
Happy endings all around.READ MORE »
Even better if you don't have to work a desk job while wearing it.READ MORE »
The Cut took an armful of designer clothes to an abandoned theater.READ MORE »
All thanks to Prabal Gurung.READ MORE »
His hand, too.READ MORE »
Tonal blush mixes with chambray and a pop of red for a relaxed and fun look for spring.READ MORE »
At every price, in a range of colors and a variety of shapes — our favorites will look right for now and decades from now.READ MORE »
As in prior years, the same old names enjoy The Foundation's limited love for L.A.READ MORE »
As in prior years, the same old names enjoy The Foundation's limited love for L.A.READ MORE »
Valentino! Hawaii! Secret phone calls!READ MORE »
Unlike any other city, Paris is where the A-list actresses came to celebrate their post-Oscars freedom.READ MORE »
From V magazine's "Dynamic Duos" issue.READ MORE »
Red Ostrich feathers, Elizabethan details, silk embroidery, and baroque mink intarsia.READ MORE »
Is this story over yet? It is.READ MORE »
She reportedly threw "a fit."READ MORE »
Not Jennifer Aniston.READ MORE »
Not about the dart vs. nipple problem,The Coolest Tool You Own?
by Mark V on Nov. 09, 2007 at 7:23 AM
» Read More »
Having worked on bikes for years, I am used to handling tools. I always find those 50-something-function folding multi-tools to be disappointing, having a lot features that are just not practical to use. Give me something simple, but…Arsenic forces closure of Buffalo Lake meat plantA beef slaughtering plant in Buffalo Lake has been forced to close because its water contained high levels of arsenic, and the plant owner couldn't afford to fix the problem. More than 200 workers at North Star Beef Inc. lost their jobs when the plant closed last week.
By: Associated Press,Earlier this month Prime Minister
This year’s report shows, once again, that ending disparity is a slow process. Over the past five years the government has spent billions of dollars on initiatives and every year the annual report finds the gaps are closing at a glacial pace, if at all. In some targets we have gone backwards.
In 2008 the government resolved to halve the gap in employment outcomes between indigenous and non-indigenous Australians within a decade. This would require employment rates in the indigenous population to increase to around 57.5 per cent by 2018.
Since 2006 the indigenous employment rate has gone up to 44.7 per cent, an increase of 1.7 per cent. It’s an improvement, but it is nowhere near the target and already half the time for achieving that target has passed. Employment growth among indigenous people lacks the momentum needed to make any real ground on closing this gap.
This is despite the fact that, with a 5.4 per cent national unemployment rate, there is a strong business case for building the capacity of marginalised workers.
One of the reasons for the slow progress is that unemployed indigenous people disproportionately fall into the most disadvantaged categories of job seekers. The unemployed are often categorised in four streams. In streams three and four are the most disadvantaged. These people have multiple and complex barriers to employment. These might include poor literacy and numeracy skills, unstable housing and drug and alcohol addictions. The report indicates 77 per cent of all indigenous job seekers fall into these two streams.
Getting unemployed indigenous people into sustained employment is hard. New recruiting and retention strategies are needed.
There are two obvious solutions here: supporting employers to recruit and retain indigenous staff, and Vocational Training and Employment Centres (VTECs).
It is important employers have the practical resources and support to employ indigenous people. This week GenerationOne, the Australian Employment Covenant Initiative, Reconciliation Australia and Social Ventures Australia launched a collaborative handbook for those on the front line of recruiting and retaining indigenous staff.
The handbook was developed in consultation with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people and organisations and draws on shared knowledge and experiences related to helping people break the cycle of disadvantage through sustainable employment.
One of the case studies used in the handbook focuses on the Programmed Group, a provider of staffing, maintenance and project services. Since signing with the Australian Employment Covenant, the Programmed Group has recruited 30 indigenous trainees and apprentices, nine of whom have more than a year’s service. The indigenous participation strategy used has a strong focus on structured mentoring and training.
Employer-directed training through VTECs is essential to break through all the barriers to employment, especially those that hold back unemployed people in streams three and four. VTECs use an integrated service approach, training people for jobs that exist and then supporting people in work so that they stay in those jobs. And by addressing the multiple and complex barriers to employment, the VTEC approach also goes some way toward closing the gaps in health and education for those individuals.
The VTEC program is championed by GenerationOne and works to connect unemployed indigenous people with the 60,334 jobs allocated for indigenous Australians by the 335 employers who have signed the Australian Employment Covenant.
Since 2008, 14,223 unemployed people have commenced work through these combined programs.
This year marks the halfway point for the Closing the Gap targets. So far the government has fallen short on health targets, moved backwards in some education targets and shown minimal improvement in employment figures.
Some employers, however, have started to act differently in their approach to recruiting and retaining indigenous staff. I do not believe the Closing the Gap employment target will be achieved any other way.
The Australian Financial ReviewCongratulations to James of Boise, ID on winning a bathrobe in the Steam Generator review contest.
James purchased a Thermasol SSA-240 from Quality Bath along with a Barclay tub and faucet.
The Review:
Rating: 5
Bottom Line: We totally enjoy our steam shower.
The Review:.
Photos that James sent us of his steamroom:
View our complete line of Steam Generators
1,391 total views, 1 views todaySo another knittingless weekend meant I spent a lot of time browsing etsy.
And I put together some treasury lists.
and this one
all things doctor who and knitting
I am totally into rings at the moment, even though they really don’t suit me.
This shiny one is my favorite
So many pretty yarns
2 thoughts on “Etsy love”
Doctor Who, Firefly, & Tea?? You may be my knitting soul mate!
Awwe shucks!Parents Group P.O.'d About New Twitcom
A parents group is threatening to cause a $#*!-storm for CBS affiliates if they don’t do something about a new sitcom in the works. The Parents Television Council, which monitors obscenities on network TV, said they’ll challenge the broadcast license of any network channel that airs the new sitcom before 10 p.m. or even advertises it.
The TV show in question is likely about a curmudgeonly 73-year-old father who dispenses nuggets of wisdom to his adult son still living at home. But that’s not the obscene part (though really, get your own place, man).
The show is based on 28-year-old Justin Halpern’s popular Twitter feed, “Sh*t My Dad Says,” and has 1.5 million followers. (Do we get to call it at Twit-com?)
Though the network has changed the name of the show to “$#*! My Dad Says,” and will be referred to as “(Bleep) My Dad Says,” the Parents Television Council argues that merely alluding to an obscenity is in itself obscene and unfit for children.
The show is slated to air 8:30 p.m. on Thursdays. Of course there will be heavy promoting until then. The council is watching and listening and ready to pounce.
Would you mind your child watching an ad for the show? Do you think it’s obscene?
More Posts
Helmets, Shin Guards, Now Tattoos. What’s Next?
Photo:- Each get stored? If you guessed inside your body, you’re on your way to discovering how YOU can dramatically improve your health and wellness. Taking a nine-day cleanse (Forever Clean 9) is your commitment toward gaining control of that healthy lifestyle you’ve always found to be so elusive. Much as we cleanse our bodies on the outside, nutritionists and health experts contend we also need to cleanse our bodies on the inside to remove any toxins and residues that may be harming our health. Forever Clean 9.
Forever Clean 9
Forever Clean 9 is a nine-day program that is designed to cleanse your body of harmful preservatives and chemicals, while starting the process of burning off excess fat. It’s very hard for your body to optimize the absorption of essential nutrients from your foods and dietary supplements, if your digestive and intestinal tract is full of energy-draining toxins that have been built up from years and years of chemical additives and pollutants found in food and in the air we breathe.
So what are you waiting for? Order your Forever Clean 9 right here!
The Forever Clean 9 Nutritional Cleansing Program is going to leave you feeling so vibrant and vital that you will want to maintain these results for the rest of your life!
Download your Instruction Booklet for Forever Clean 9 here:
- Forever Clean 9 Instruction Booklet PDF
Included in the Forever Clean 9 Package:
- Forever Aloe Vera Gel 2 bottles,
- 1 Forever Lite Ultra Vanilla or Chocolate Shake Powder,
- Forever Garcinia Plus – 54 Softgels,
- Forever Fiber – 9 Packets,
- Forever Therm – 18 Tablets,
- 1 Tape Measure
- Instruction Booklet
What Are You Waiting For? Order Forever Clean 9 Today & Get Ready for The Bikini!
Say YES to FOREVER CLEAN 9 !!! Join Now & Save 15% Instantly
Description of the products:
The human body requires 22 amino acids for good health; eight of them are “essential” because the body cannot fabricate them. Aloe Vera Gel contains all 8 essential amino acids and has the distinct ability to gently break down, loosen and assist in the natural dispersal of residues that are built up in the digestive tract. In addition to Aloe Vera Gel’s distinct detoxifying abilities, bowel regularity and increased protein absorption may occur along with a simultaneous decrease of unfriendly bacteria. Forever Clean 9
- Excellent Detoxifier
- Intestinal & Immune Health
- Weight Management
Ultra Lite nutritional drinks in Vanilla and Chocolate are key components in a successful cleansing and weight loss program. Much of the leading health and dietary research has supported that a high-protein and low-carb diet can build and create a lean and healthy body. Ultra Lite Shake Powder has 55% more protein and less than half the carbohydrates of regular Lite Powder. And Ultra Lite incorporates the latest weight loss research into its formula without compromising its delicious taste. Ultra Lite Vanilla and Ultra Lite Chocolate Shake Powders are products from start to finish that you can count on to supply you with the nutrition your body needs – minus the chemicals and additives it doesn’t! Forever Clean 9
- Meal Replacement
- Complete Nutrition
- Lean and Toned Body
- Boost Energy
- Better Metabolism Rate
- Complete Nutrition
Garcinia Cambogia is a fruit that has been used for culinary and herbal purposes for centuries. Our Garcinia Plus meets the standards for your Forever Clean 9 Program because it contains a number of ingredients that may aid in weight loss, the primary ingredient being Hydroxycitric Acid (HCA). The rind of this fruit is what is used to produce HCA. HCA has been demonstrated in the laboratory to reduce the conversion of carbohydrates into stored fat by inhibiting certain enzyme processes. As a result, the body may burn existing fat stores, thus potentially aiding in an already low-fat weight management program. Garcinia Plus also has been shown to be a natural appetite suppressant, which makes it a useful tool in weight management.
- Natural Appetite Suppressant
- Fat Reduction
- Weight Management
Nearly everyone would like to lose some body fat and feel more energetic. When the body needs energy, thre are key steps it has to go through in order to burn fat.
Forever Therm supports all stages of fat-burning:
- Release fat from storage
- Transport of fat into the muscle to be burned for energy
- Burn – creation of cellular energy from fat
Forever Clean 9 nutritional cleansing program is not sold in stores. You can buy it online, please enter retail store to purchase yours today. Would you like to receive 15% discount on orders of 50$ or more? For more information please visit: Forever Living Discounts.Glacier National Park - Page 2
Access to Logan Pass Changes – Going to the Sun Road Preps for Seasonal Rehabilitation
Missoula Man Dies in Glacier Park Fall – Montana Headlines [YouTube]
Glacier Park Visitor Center Reopens
Woman Taking Pictures at Glacier National Park Slips Into Creek, Drowns Over the Weekend
Glacier National Park Getting Back to Normal
Rain and Snow Expected Through Wednesday in Western Montana [AUDIO]
139 MPH Winds Recorded in Glacier
Life Sentence Requested for Jordan Graham After Guilty Plea in Husband’s Death
Glacier National Park Fee-Free on Martin Luther King, Jr. Day
In commemoration of Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Glacier National Park, as well as other national parks across the United States, will waive all entrance fees on Monday.Béla Bartók’s six volumes of Mikrokosmos are treasures of piano teaching with universal value, the composer’s educational purpose—seeking to win students over to his innovations with technical and stylistic aspects—reaching by steps to the highest artistic level. Folk-music keys and scales, polyphony, colour and articulation are integrated into music infused with Bartók’s uniquely characterful rhythms and deeply expressive lyricism. Intimately connected with Bartók’s musical and social landscape and long renowned as an educator and flag-bearer of Hungarian culture, Lajos Kertész’s performing style and piano sonority has been likened to that of Bartók himself, making the significance of these recordings inestimable.
Bartok, Bela
Composer(s):
Bartok, Bela
Artist(s):
Bolyki, Sara; Kassai, Istvan; Kertesz, Lajos
Label: Naxos
Genre: Instrumental
Period: 20th Century
Catalogue No:
9.70208
Barcode:
730099720816
Exclusively available for streaming and download. Not available on CD.Last winter, my friend Mer and her husband, John, wrote a series of posts about marriage, and one of them really stood out to me. They talked about times in marriage when we feel like pieces of dry toast--stale and blah.
I e-mailed Mer later that day about the subject, and she responded by saying "You know, Carrie, I deleted an entire paragraph in my post about feeling like dry toast during the years we parented babies/toddlers. Sadly, it's just the reality. And you're in THE most exhausting stage of parenting right now. I promise you won't always feel so tired and like you have nothing to give. But for now, that may just be the case. And it's okay. I think the problem is when you're both in a place that you don't care to add any jam."
I appreciated her response (which she gave me permission to share here) and fired back the following (long) reply: "Thank you, Mer, for your response and for mentioning that about the toddler stage--I needed to hear that assurance! I also appreciate your prayers and want to share this with you:
The "toast" subject was at the forefront of my mind last night, and I was debating whether or not to bring it up after the kids were in bed. We were sitting in the same room reading and half-watching Olympics, and I kept thinking about what to say. I prayed God would help me through it whether it was formulated or not. And . . . our conversation was wonderful, refreshing and connecting!
Eric had a suggestion that every couple of weeks or so, we each come up with a challenge for the other--physical, social, spiritual, whatever. Not something really involved, but just to keep growing and make things a little more interesting."
I first wanted to share the background information behind the challenges since I've mentioned them before; I'll write about the specifics of the challenges in part 2.
4 comments:
I was always inspired by your challenges with Eric and was curious to how they began. Will look forward to hearing the rest of the story! So neat that the Lord can use others in different seasons of life to encourage His children!
Carrie -- THANK YOU for sharing. Cory and I have really been struggeling with this EXACT idea. We're just 'toast'
I look forward to Part 2!
Blessings,
Vanessa
This is very interesting. I look forward to the continuation of the story. :)
This too shall pass, just hang in there. It all gets better in time. I enjoy your blog very much and I have an award for you on my blog. Please stop by to collect it.Up the Garden Path
R.W. Johnson
- Michael Foot: A Life by Kenneth O. Morgan
Harper, 568 pp, £25.00, March 2007, ISBN 978 0 00 717826 1
One day in 1993, I found myself on a bus in Oxford with Michael Foot. He looked shambolic even by my standards – donkey jacket, stick, long hair all over the place. But nobody minded. You don’t often see leading politicians on a bus and passenger after passenger came up to say hello. He smiled and was the soul of friendliness. As he stood up to get off he half-stumbled and six or seven people rushed to help him. As soon as he’d gone I heard the same words over and over: ‘What a dear old man.’ I’ve never heard such spontaneous warmth evoked by a politician, but my guess is that I was one of the few people on the bus who’d actually voted for him ten years earlier, and I’d done it with some exasperation.
Kenneth Morgan’s over-long biography brings back all these feelings. Part of the problem is Morgan himself. He has written a long list of books about Wales, the Labour Party, Lloyd George, Wales, Jim Callaghan, Wales, the Labour Party, and just occasionally, to spice things up, about the Labour Party and Wales. He is not just fascinated by this little world but sentimental about it. Take Michael Foot’s marriage to Jill Craigie. Although Craigie wasn’t everyone’s cup of tea – not Barbara Castle’s, for a start – she was clearly a wonderful partner for Foot, but Morgan can’t stop there: ‘The Labour Party cherishes its great partnerships – Sidney and Beatrice Webb, Douglas and Margaret Cole, the Callaghans, the Kinnocks, the Blairs. In this pantheon the touchingly loyal team of Michael and Jill may confidently be placed.’ ‘Michael and Jill’: how cosy.
It seems unfair to bracket Glenys Kinnock, say, with Beatrice Webb and Margaret Cole, both of whom were serious intellectuals, and I can’t get used to the idea of a pantheon that includes Cherie Blair, with or without her lifestyle adviser. Or Jim Callaghan, that dire waxwork who embodied the terrible fate of the old dreams of social democracy: Tom Nairn’s phrase about ‘the full medicine pill misery’ of having to ‘behold the gartered Callaghan’ swims back to mind. A similar unease overcomes me each time Morgan writes of the gale of derision directed at Foot’s Worzel Gummidge appearance and how this was meant as a reproach to Craigie. I dress quite badly myself, but I can’t see that it is my wife’s fault.
But Foot, too, is part of the problem. We learn all about his enviable West Country Liberal background and his admirable bibliophile father, Isaac Foot, but intellectually the key experience comes at Oxford, where Foot was president of the Union (always a bad sign, it means hundreds of hours wasted in undergraduate rhetoric and sleeve-tugging, and usually goes with a 2.2). As an undergraduate reading PPE, Foot couldn’t abide anything analytical – economics, philosophy or Lewis Namier’s structural analysis of 18th-century politics. (Morgan approvingly quotes Foot’s friend A.J.P. Taylor criticising Namier for ‘taking the mind out of history’ without allowing for the fact that what Taylor found hard to bear was knowing that Namier had changed the study of political history for ever, in a way he himself never could.) Given that socialism originates in a critique of capitalism and is concerned with imposing a new set of economic arrangements on society, a complete ignorance of, and lack of interest in, economics might have been thought a fairly crippling disability for a socialist but, as with so many in the Labour Party, including his great hero, Aneurin Bevan, Foot’s socialism owed more to Methodism than to Marx. The result, as Morgan points out, is a pulpit preacher used to preaching only to the converted. Preachers never get the chance to do much else, but politicians are supposed to try and spread their creed. » R.W. Johnson » Up the Garden Path
pages 26-27 | 2948 wordsCarol Shifflet is a member of the Staunton Augusta Association
of Realtors and the National Association of Realtors. She is an
Associate Broker with 1st Choice Real Estate and an Accredited
Buyers Representative and specializes in new construction.
Carol has lived in the Shenandoah Valley for 26 years, and is
married to Dan Shifflet and they have 2 children. She is a
graduate of Buffalo Gap High School and Valley Vocational
Technical School. She attended Blue Ridge Community College
were she received a certificate in real estate. She attended
Moseley-Dickinson Academy of Real Estate where she received
a certificate to gain her brokers license.
1st Choice Real Estate
2282 N. Augusta Street
Staunton, VA 24401
540-448-3886This generic Scale Model Painting and Weathering Process Flow offers general definition of terms used in scale model painting and weathering, tips and the usual order of paint application and other finishing layers commonly practiced- a simple guide that can help a newbie like me. This is by no means original (is there such a thing nowadays?) but of course is a result of research and my desire to learn more about this craft. It applies to military vehicles, aircraft, ship models, etc. that have a realistic non-gloss finish as glossy finishes (for car models) follows a different process flow.
Painting Process Flow:
This flow itself is just a general guide to achieve a good result on most models. Not every step is required in every case. Some steps may actually require repetition to achieve a desired effect.
1. Wash all parts- to get a dust and grease-free surface. (see my previous post on this topic: King Tiger Build Proper- Prepainting Ritual.)
2. Primer- the very first coat of paint which goes directly to the model’s surface completely covered later by coats of paint. The main reasons for priming your model is to show up surface defects, improve top coats adhesion and as pre-shading.
3. Pre-Shading- (optional); A method of darkening areas, such as panel lines, shadow areas around detail and control surfaces, prior to the main color coats. Primer coat of the right color may make this step unnecessary.
4. Base Colour
Apply with airbrush if possible using several thin layers with care to NOT totally obscure any pre-shading.
5. Highlight Base Color and/or Post Shading.
Airbrushing a lighter shade of the base color in the center of panels and upper surfaces. Post-shading (airbrushed darker shade of paint into recesses and along panel lines to simulate shadows) can be very easily overdone so very thin paints airbrushed very sparingly is done and built up in layers.
6. Protection layer (optional)-
Many modelers apply a thin layer of varnish (often Johnson’s Future/Klear to protect the work done so far from the next stages.
7. Filters (optional).
This is a very thin transparent paint layer that subtly alters the color of the base layer and helps blend in the colors on camouflage schemes. This has become increasingly popular now with commercial made filters available like the one made by The MIG Productions Company.
8. Detail Painting- Brush painting tools, vehicle accessories and similar tiny items.
9. Washes- These may be applied to the whole model or limited areas of the kit (pin washes).
10. Gloss / protective layer. This is another protective layer in preparation for decal application as decals must be applied to a gloss or semi-gloss surface. Some apply this layer only in the decal area (some soak the decal in gloss varnish e.g. Johnson’s Future/Klear so the decal ‘floats’ on a layer of varnish); while others prefer to put a gloss coat over the whole model depending on previous protective coats applied.
11. Decals / Markings- Applying decals and painting unit markings.
12. Dry Brushing- involves passing a paint brush that has almost no paint over the surface of the model and serves two purposes: a. to emphasize kit textured surfaces (casting textures on armored vehicles; tread pattern on horizontal surfaces to improve grip, etc.; b. to highlight the edges of models as edges often look lighter because they reflect the light.
13. Protective Layer
This has two possible purposes: a. to seal in the decals before any serious weathering is done; b. to change the surface shine to it’s final effect using matte/flat or semi-gloss over the whole model.
Scale Model Painting and Weathering Process Flow II.Conor Jackson's(notes) seventh-inning homer was the only blemish on Marcum's record here; he needed just 103 pitches to turn the Athletics aside (1 H, 1 R, 1 BB, 5 K). And he didn't have a huge margin of error to work with, as the Jays managed just three runs off Brett Anderson(notes) on the other side (Jose Bautista(notes) hit his obligatory homer, No. 37; the regression police must be going crazy).
Marcum's tidy season (11 wins, 3.69 ERA, 1.16 WHIP) reminds us that it's possible to break the rules with respect to mixed-league pitching. It's difficult but not impossible to earn a positive value pitching in the AL East, even if you don't work for the Yankees, Rays or Red Sox. Tommy John surgery is no longer a death sentence for several years; Marcum had the procedure late in 2008 and he's already back to full throttle. And you don't have to be a speed merchant to get batters out in this game; Marcum's 2010 success has come despite an average fastball around 87 mph. I've been late to the party on Marcum all year, but I'm doffing my cap now.
• It's comical that Tommy Hanson(notes) doesn't have a victory over his last eight starts; he's allowed just 11 runs over that span, including four in his last five turns. At least the Braves rallied for a victory on Monday, knocking around Hong-Chih Kuo(notes) and Octavio Dotel(notes) en route to a three-run game-ending rally in the ninth. Brooks Conrad(notes) reached base three times for Atlanta and also stole a base, but he will likely be back on the bench soon, given that Martin Prado(notes) is nearing a return and the Braves are also interested in making a waiver deal for an infielder.
• Tom Gorzelanny's(notes) Monday turn was a little better than the numbers would suggest 6.1 IP, 9 H, 5 R, 3 BB, 2 K) but it still goes down as another loss, and he's now got a 5.17 ERA and 1.57 WHIP over six second-half turns. Kevin Correia(notes) got the victory on the other side, his fifth win in his last six starts. He's a six-inning man all the way but that doesn't mean there isn't spot-start value there; I'll sign off on Correia as a viable deep-league option this weekend against Milwaukee.
• Is there time for James McDonald(notes) to get into the circle of trust? He's been sharp in two of three starts for Pittsburgh and the overall numbers tell a story: 17.2 IP, 14 H, 5 R, 4 BB, 20 K. He's still just 25, and you never know when the lightbulb will come on for some young pitchers. I'm not afraid to dial him up Saturday against the Mets. Pedro Alvarez(notes) sparked the Bucs offense Monday, collecting two hits and three RBIs. He's been a solid corner option in the second half (.885 OPS, seven homers, 24 RBIs over 29 games).
• Don't look back, Alfredo Simon(notes), something might be gaining on you. The struggling Baltimore reliever has allowed a homer in four straight appearances; Adam Moore(notes) took him over the fence Monday. It's a bad time to be slumping because other men are taking off for the O's – Koji Uehara(notes) struck out four of six batters Monday and Michael Gonzalez(notes) fanned both of the men he faced. A closer shakeup in this bullpen seems inevitable.
Alas, the Orioles still won the opener of the Seattle series despite Simon's gopheritis; the plucky Sons of Showalter tied the score with a run off David Aardsma(notes) in the tenth, then pushed across another run in the 11th. Baltimore is at home all week, so be sure to have Luke Scott(notes) deployed for the next six days.
• At times it looked like the Tigers and Yankees both wanted to give Monday's game away. Detroit assembled 14 baserunners over nine innings but scored just three times; New York starter Javy Vazquez needed relief after four innings because of a crazy pitch count (106 in all; foul balls were a repeated problem). Jim Leyland eventually called on Jose Valverde(notes) to record the final four outs and that was a circus act; Valverde, perhaps not 100 percent yet, walked four of the eight men he faced and needed 38 pitches in all. But a Derek Jeter(notes) GIDP wrote a finish in the bottom of the ninth – the second time Jeter did that Monday – and somehow Detroit had their victory. Let's hear it for Max Scherzer(notes), who's allowed just seven runs over his last six starts.
• Matt Lindstrom(notes) finally got back to it on Monday but he didn't have much against the Mets, allowing three hits and two runs over a messy third of an inning. Brandon Lyon(notes) looked crisp in the eighth (two strikeouts, perfect frame) and might be needed to take the ninth back at some point.
New York's rally allowed Jerry Manuel to unveil his freshly-minted closer-by-committee in the bottom of the ninth, and Hisanori Takahashi(notes) came through with a rocking-chair save (perfect inning, one strikeout). Takahashi wasn't exactly facing Biggio, Bagwell and Berkman in their prime here – he retired Jason Bourgeois(notes), Geoff Blum(notes) and Angel Sanchez(notes) – but hey, a handshake is a handshake.
Injury Blog: Dustin Pedroia(notes) (foot) is off the DL and is expected to play Tuesday night. … So much for the Carlos Delgado(notes) experiment; he's got a bad back and won't play the rest of the year. … Even though his hamstring isn't torn, Nelson Cruz(notes) nonetheless went on the DL for the third time on Monday. The Rangers also have to worry about Michael Young(notes), who left Monday's game due to a stiff neck. … Ian Kinsler(notes) (groin) took some ground balls Monday; he's aiming for a Sept. 1 return. … Derrek Lee(notes) (back) didn't play Monday and is expected to miss more games this week. … Carlos Guillen(notes) bruised his knee at the end of Monday's win over the Yankees. Par for the course; at this stage of Guillen's career, he could get hurt answering the phone. … Manny Ramirez(notes) (calf) should be able to start a rehab assignment this week.Self-published by What's Alan Watching? (November 2012), trade paper (ISBN 0615718299 / 9780615718293)
Nonfiction: essays/pop culture, 306 pages
Source: Purchased ebook (Smashwords: ISBN 9781301879960)
Reason for reading: Personal; recommended by Linda Holmes of Pop Culture Happy Hour
Excerpt from an Excerpt (previously published on Grantland.com):
.”
Book description:.Comments: I don’t often blog about television, because unless I want to get into the recapping business--and I don’t--I find it difficult to capture thoughts on such time-sensitive things as TV-show episodes. But many of my favorite blogs to read--other than book blogs, of course--and podcasts to listen to are either partly or exclusively TV-related, and the best of them manage to find ways to combine timely recapping with more analytical discussions of series arcs, themes, and characters.
Thought-provoking, insightful commentary on movies has been around for decades, but there’s less history of it with television. However, both television drama and the internet have pushed boundaries during the last 15 years or so, and it seems fitting that thought-provoking, insightful commentary on thought-provoking, insightful television would spring up online. TV critic Alan Sepinwall has been a leading source of this commentary, at his popular blog, What’s Alan Watching?, and on his long-running podcast with fellow Hitfix.com writer Dan Fienberg. Drawing on years of background material as well as new interviews, Sepinwall discusses twelve of the most groundbreaking, influential television dramas of recent times in The Revolution Was Televised: The Crooks, Cops, Slingers and Slayers Who Changed TV Drama Forever.
The “crooks” and “cops” Sepinwall’s subtitle alludes to are from series like Oz, The Sopranos, The Wire, The Shield, and Breaking Bad; the “slingers” would be the foul-mouthed Wild West denizens of Deadwood; and, of course, the “slayer” is one Buffy Summers. The book’s thesis, supported by Sepinwall’s examples, reflects the influence and depth of genre conventions in storytelling--in addition to the shows referenced in the subtitle, we have 24, Battlestar Galactica, and Lost--and their expansion well beyond any limits of genre, illustrated via Friday Night Lights and Mad Men. While much of the resource material for the book comes from Sepinwall’s columns and blog, The Revolution Was Televised is by no means a collection of recycled posts. This is deep-diving, detailed discussion of how great television gets made. Sepinwall gets into the production and behind-the-scenes business of each show as well as the analysis of significant episodes and characters. This is writing that takes television as serious art seriously, and if you’re interested in that kind of thing--and granted, I very much am--it’s all thoroughly engaging, engrossing reading. It left me wanting to read more about, and re-watch with new perspective, the shows I love, and got me much more interested in catching up on some of the shows I’ve never watched.
The Revolution Was Televised is also notable for reasons other than its content. Sepinwall opted to self-publish it, but it has since been acquired by one of the publishers who turned down his original book proposal and will be reissued by Simon and Schuster’s Touchstone imprint this coming spring. And while traditional-publisher reprints of self-published works are becoming more common, reviews of self-published works in traditional critical venues are still pretty rare; Sepinwall’s book not only scored a New York Times review, it ended up on NYT book critic Michiko Kakutani’s top-10 list for 2012. I know it’s only January, but I won’t be surprised if The Revolution Was Televised ends up on my own 2013 Books of the Year list, too.
Rating: 4/5bleeding ovary
Bleeding ovarian cyst is not a symptom common to all types of these cysts. Bleeding usually occurs when the bags in the coating indoors or in breach of the ovary. The pain experienced when this occurs depends on the size of the cyst and its nature. Cyst ruptured causing much trouble cysts on textiles, but only if they are infected or bleeding. Ovarian cyst bleeding may cause inflammation of the abdominal tissues. More than that, this process may also lead to a torsion (twisting) that prevents blood from flowing to the cyst.
If ovarian cysts occur after menstruation, then they may contain small amounts of blood in them. If the rupture of cysts, then bleeding is likely to occur in this situation. Bleeding ovarian cyst, however, is the main symptom of a particular type called hemorrhagic cysts (associated with or arising from loss of blood) cyst. If women experience such bleeding and felt a sensation of severe pain, then they must ask to see a doctor as soon as possible to prevent complications. If the doctor decides not to remove the cyst, then it can be cauterized (to destroy tissues in direct application of an instrument heated) to stop the bleeding.
Women with bleeding ovarian cyst should not be afraid of cancer of the ovaries, the cysts cancer does not cause bleeding. Bleeding is a feature that is only by benign cysts of the ovary. When the cysts appear to the wall of the ovary, then the condition is called polycystic ovary syndrome (POS). Women who have this health problem are generally sterile, have abnormal bleeding, and generally experience miscarriages. This medical condition occurs frequently and is believed to be known 4 to 7 per cent of women who are in their childbearing years. Ultrasound is not effective enough to make the diagnosis of syndrome polycystic ovaries, so additional tests must be done.
Steve Janovic is a writer and researcher on ovarian cyst and runs a popular website with information on the condition. He recommends the “Ovarian Cyst Treatment” report as the best way take you by the hand and teach you the proven strategies and pass on the crucial information that has allowed thousands of others to achieve rapid ovarian cyst freedom.
What could be causing pain in the left ovary in any pain, bleeding and very mild nausea?
I'm acing everywhere, have a stomach ache in the lower left around ovary, nausea, bleeding very light (very light pink and only when I wipe and I see), I am very weak and tired. My period is not always held such, it is still very heavy and dark, I was All these symptoms off and on for about two weeks. Any ideas?
You may have a cyst … Call your doc and explain what are your symptoms, they May want to do an ultrasound to make sure everything is ok.
What is Estrogen Breakthrough Bleeding?A Disney Short In Honor Of Valentine’s Day!
It’s the first day of February and love is in the air! All of us have had the glance from a stranger where we thought there was something more to it. In the grocery store, at the mall, or maybe even at the train station. Look at James Blunt, he wrote a whole song about it! Did you do something about it, or did the person get away?
This also won an Oscar for best short film!Bagley bounces C-I out of playoffs
BEMIDJI — The Bagley Flyers were the big kids on the block this year.
BEMIDJI — The Bagley Flyers were the big kids on the block this year.
And they muscled their way into the Section 8-2A championship Tuesday by upsetting the top-seeded, but younger Crosby-Ironton Rangers 70-50 to secure the Northeastern Subsection title at Bemidji State University.
Bagley outrebounded C-I 36-20, with 20 of those rebounds coming on the offensive end. The Flyers collected 20 second chance points and attempted 18 more field goals.
“That’s our game,” said Flyers head coach Chuck Anderson. “Kris (Skersick) is just big and strong. Lorenzo (Pemberton) can just jump so we stress rebounding and defense. Sometimes the kids don’t agree because they want to get up and down the floor, but you need the ball before you can do that.”
Bagley’s Tyler George, a 6-foot senior, led all scorers with 23 points followed by the workhorse in the paint Skersick, who tallied 19 points, with 10 coming off of offensive rebounds.
“I told the kids before the game that they were a senior dominated team and they were hungry,” Rangers head coach Dave Galovich said. “They were the No. 1 seed last year and got knocked off in this game. You could tell they were ready to play. They had a little strength on us. We tried to out finesse them, but we couldn’t.”
The Flyers never trailed and caused 16 Ranger turnovers. They scored 13 points off of those and owned a double digit lead for most of the second half.
C-I did climb 45-38 with 11:07 remaining thanks to back-to-back Jacob Goodwin 3-pointers. One of just two seniors on the Rangers squad, Goodwin finished with 13 points. Michael Hoge, the other senior, added eight points. Caleb Baker scored 13 and Daniel Hudrlik tallied 11 for the 17-11 Rangers.
“One thing I told the kids after the game was I was proud of the way we stuck together,” Galovich said. “We had good times and bad times and we had a string there where we had some tough losses and they all kept working and kept coming to practice with a good attitude. That stems from your seniors and they did a good job of leading us and keeping everyone together.”
Bagley’s 2-3 zone gave the Rangers fit as they made it to the free throw line only seven times and made just two. The Rangers shot 41 percent from the field, while Bagley shot 44 percent, but took 18 more shots.
“C-I is a great team and they’re very well coached,” said Anderson. “They’re young, but they have good, experienced players so we knew they were capable of a comeback. That’s why I was holding my timeouts in my back pocket as best as I could. We knew at anytime that they could go off, but they didn’t.”
Bagley 31 39 — 70
Crosby-Ironton 22 28 — 50
BAGLEY
Lucas Thompson 2, Austin Bellefy 13, Tyler George 23, Kris Skersick 19, Andrew Larson 2, Lorenzo Pemberton 6, Kaine Lundmark 4. Team totals: FG 30-67 (45 percent), FT 7-16 (44 percent), 3-point 1-12 (8 percent).
CROSBY-IRONTON
Jacob Goodwin 13, Will Goodwin 3, Michael Hoge 8, Caleb Baker 13, Riley Jacbos 2, Daniel Hudrlik 11. Team totals: FG 20-49 (41 percent), FT 2-7 (29 percent) , 3-point 6-21 (29 percent).Broadway Fillmore Alive > Alive News > One Night and Seven Churches TONIGHT
One Night and Seven Churches TONIGHT
For the sixth year in a row on Holy Thursday, Broadway Fillmore Alive has put together a self-guided tour of seven historic churches in the Broadway-Fillmore area partaking in the traditional visitation of the Blessed Sacrament on this holy night. Holy Thursday is on April 05, 2012.
Churches on this year’s tour include: Corpus Christi, Saint Ann, Saint Stanislaus, Saint Luke’s Mission of Mercy, Saint Adalbert Basilica, Saint John Kanty and Saint Clare.
The visitation period generally begins after 7:00 pm and the churches remain open till around 11:00 pm.
In our first year, we had about 50 requests for the tour info. The number of requests over the last few years has risen to over 500.
The churches in Buffalo’s historic Polonia.
To download the brochure, click here—>
Video from 2009:The American musical doesn't get a whole lot better than "A Chorus Line" and "Fiddler on the Roof." Either one in a single Berkshires theater season would be cause enough for high anticipation. But both in the same season is beyond beyond.
Berkshire Theatre Group is producing "A Chorus Line" at its Colonial Theatre on South Street in downtown Pittsfield, July 2 through 21 (press opening, July 7). On Union Street, a few blocks north of the Colonial, Barrington Stage Company is producing "Fid dler" on its Main stage, June 13 through July 14 (press opening, June 17).
"A Chorus Line" and "Fiddler on the Roof" may be the prime theater "events" this summer but they're not the only ones.
For example, consider a multimedia musical-in-development by David Byrne and Fatboy Slim -- "Here Lies Love," a preseason offering by Williamstown The atre Festival at Mass MoCA, June 21 through 24. Imelda Marcos -- yes, you read that right -- is the subject of this piece that promises, among other things, to use all of the space in Mass MoCA's Hunter Center.
You also can consider Aca demy Award-winning act ress Olympia Dukakis playing Pros pero in "The Tempest" at Shake speare & Company's Founders' Theatre, July 19 through Aug. 19 (press opening July 27), something of an event. Ditto Bradley Cooper as "The Elephant Man," July 25 through Aug. 5, at WTF (press opening July 26), and a brand new play by Mark St. Germain about the one and only Dr. Ruth Westheimer -- "Dr. Ruth, All the Way," at BSC's St. Germain Stage June 19 through July 15 (press opening, June 30).
And you can be sure there will be a lot of buzz surrounding "Satchmo at the Waldorf," a new play by Wall Street Journal theater critic Terry Teachout. Gor don Edelstein directs; the always compelling John Doug las Thomp son stars as Louis Arm strong, aka Satchmo -- at Shake speare & Company's Foun d ers' Theatre Aug. 22 through Sept. 16 (press opening Aug. 24).
On a personal level, beyond "A Chorus Line" and "Fiddler," I am particularly intrigued by:
1. "Far From Heaven," a brand new musical based on Todd Haynes' haunting 2002 film, set in the late 1950s, about a suburban Connecticut housewife who finds herself attracted to her black gardener. WTF Main Stage, July 19-29 (press opening July 21).
2. Director David Hyde-Pierce's "Guys and Dolls"-ish take on Oscar Wilde's sublime Victorian comedy "The Impor tance of Being Earnest," at WTF's Main Stage, June 26-July 14 (press opening, June 28).
3. "We Are Women: A Bern stein Cabaret," all those wonderful Leonard Bernstein Broad way songs. BTG Colonial Theatre, Aug. 9 through 12.
4. The Raviv ("Bengal Tiger at the Baghdad Zoo") Joseph plays -- "Animals Out of Paper," opening Chester The atre Company's season of uncommon love stories, July 5 through 15; and "The North Pool" at Barrington Stage's St. Germain Stage, July 26 through Aug. 11 (press opening July 29).
5. Neil Simon's "Last of the Red Hot Lovers" at WTF's Nikos Stage, July 11-22 (press opening July 12), if only be cause it's being directed by Jessica Stone, whose inspired production of "Forum" two summers ago at Williamstown still resonates in my memory, and also because it stars Brooks Ashmanskas.
6. Berkshire Actors Theatre at Berkshire Museum. This Berkshires-grown theater company made an impressive debut last summer at Nicki Wilson's New Stage Performing Arts Center on North Street with a galvanic production of John Patrick Shanley's nasty black comedy, "Four Dogs and a Bone." BAT is bringing that production back this summer, cast intact, and playing it in rotating repertory with another Shanley play, "Doubt," June 21 through July 15. This summer, however, BAT will be on South Street in Berkshire Museum's 200-plus-seat auditorium, home of Little Cinema. Can that problematic space rise to theatrical occasions, even with plays as relatively undemanding, technically, as these two?
See you on the aisle!UMass gains experience from rivals
With half of its schedule complete and one more game to go before conference matchups begin, the Massachusetts field hockey team will draw from its experience against the nation’s top teams to help drive them past its Atlantic 10 rivals.
The Minutewomen (4-6) have faced stiff competition so far this season. Their schedule included stops at No. 2 Maryland and No. 18 American while also hosting No. 4 Connecticut and just this past weekend, No. 19 Albany.
The lone win for UMass against its foes, and its biggest win of the season, came on Sept. 11 when it earned a hard fought 1-0 win against UConn. It was the Huskies’ first loss and shutout of the season. They were coming into that game having scored seven goals in their previous three games.
However, in the other three games against ranked opponents, UMass has been outscored, 6-0, including a 3-0 defeat at Maryland, its largest defeat of the season.
Looking ahead, the Minutewomen will face a difficult stretch from Oct. 17-24, as they square off against Richmond, Temple and Saint Joseph’s, all teams in the top 50 RPI rankings, as of last week.
Lack of scoring
As of late, the Minutewomen have struggled to put up points. They have been shut-out in three out of their last four games. In seven out its 10 games, UMass has no more than one goal and is 1-6 in those games.
This is not to say that the Minutewomen are shy about getting shots off. They are outshooting their opponents, 119-112, despite being outscored 14-10. That averages out to exactly one goal per game.
The constant rotation of first-year players along the forward line can be one reason attributed with the lack of goal scoring. Freshmen Lindsay Bowman, Mika Black, Alexa Sikalis and Molly MacDonnell have each started at different points throughout the season.
While the freshmen are still working hard to make adjustments, fourth-year forward and captain, Katie Kelly, has scored a team-high six goals. Bowman is the closest to Kelly with two goals. Bowman had goals in back-to-back games on Sept. 11 and Sept. 12, including the deciding goal against UConn. In fact, she’s been very efficient, having only taken a total of three shots this season.
One category that UMass holds a distinct advantage over its opponents is penalty corners. Penalty corners are essential in creating goal-scoring opportunities and the Minutewomen have drawn 70 penalty corners, 37 more than their opponents. However, only four goals have come as a result of all those corners.
Second half surge
The Minutewomen seem to play their best hockey in the second half of games. Seven of their 10 goals have come in the second half. They’ve shot 13 more times in the second half than in the first so far this season.
The first sign of this pattern came, fittingly enough, in their first win of the season, Sept. 3 at Northeastern when the Minutewomen fell behind in the 12th minute before mounting a comeback. Senior defender Jaime Bourazeris’s goal in the 55th minute capped a 2-1 victory.
However, the biggest comeback of the season for UMass came on Sept. 12 at Yale, after the Minutewomen fell behind 2-0 by the end of the first half. Kelly drew her team within one at the 54 minute, 51 second mark. Bowman followed with her second goal less than 10 minutes later, and an unassisted Kelly won the game in overtime to give UMass a 3-2 win.
Last year, the Minutewomen had four games in which they scored the winning goal in the second half.
Pete Vasquez can be reached at pvasquez@student.umass.edu.Former GOP presidential candidate Mike
Huckabee on Friday questioned President Barack Obama's evolution on
gay marriage.
The 58-year-old Huckabee, also a Fox
News personality, appeared on The O'Reilly Factor to discuss
recent remarks he made in Iowa.
“I'm not homophobic,” he
told a conservative audience.  told guest host Laura Ingraham
that he wanted to ask Obama whether he lied in 2008 when he said he
did not support marriage equality.
“The position that I hold is the
position that Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and Joe Biden held in
2008,” Huckabee said. “Barack Obama held it until 2012.”
“And my question that I would love to
pose to the president is this: Mr. President, please explain that
when you said in 2008 at the Saddleback Church forum that you stood
for traditional marriage and you did so because you were a Christian
and because it's what the Bible taught, please answer: Were you lying
then, are you lying now, or did the Bible get rewritten?”
“He said it was because of his
Christian convictions. Does he have them, or does he not? If one
has them, they don't change depending on what the culture does,”
Huckabee
added.
Clinton publicly announced her support
for marriage equality in 2013.
(Related: Hillary
Clinton: I support gay marriage.)Protest in Punjab
US Special Envoy in Delhi
Aamir-SRK's press conference
Picture package of the day
Common Uncommon Crazes of India
IPL cheerleader Gabriella thrown out
'I Am Anna'
Hot football fans
Hot & sexy pole dancers
Sunny Leone's DVDs a rage in Kolkata
San Fermin Festival 2011
Salman won't go to jail: Bombay HC
25 Viral Photos That Turned Out To Be Fake
Fresh rain in Kathmandu adds to misery, hampers rescue work
25 bizarre laws around the world
Places To See Before You Die
25 Places You Must Visit Before They Disappear
Best pictures of the day
Cannes 2015
Celebrities in thongs!
Celebs @ Sudha Shivpuri's funeral
Celebs & their kids!
Celebrities Who Dated their Personnel
Sportsmen and their WAGs
Sexy Movie Characters
B-town celebs' candid pics
Best Moments: Cannes 2015
Celebs' oops moment!
Movies' first look!Features:
Commercially Approved
ETL-S listed to NSF-7 Standards for use in commercial establishments
Fully Finished Cabinet
Allows the unit to be used freestanding
Stainless Steel Door
Durable design with lasting elegance
Professional Horizontal Handle
Thin 14mm diameter on stainless steel handle set horizontally across the door
Slim Undercounter Dimensions
Ideal 24" footprint offers full 5.5 cu.ft. storage capacity in a slim fit
Factory Installed Lock
Keyed lock offers added security
Adjustable Shelves
Rearrange your refrigerator space to accommodate all shapes and sizes or remove shelves for a simple clean-up
Automatic Defrost
Reduced user maintenance with automatic defrost
One Piece Interior Liner
Enjoy easy clean-up with a seamless liner that won't hold a mess in hidden crevices
Deep Shelf Space
Interior accommodates large trays up to 19 1/2" x 15 1/2"
Interior Light on Rocker Switch
Turn the light on when you need it and off when you're done with a convenient rocker switch located just behind the thermostat
Adjustable Thermostat
Control your food's temperature with ease and accuracy
Hidden Evaporator
Cold wall design with hidden evaporator and seamless interior
100% CFC Free
Environmentally friendly design without ozone-damaging chemicals
Additional Features:
Specifications:.
Enrollment counselors for Covered California are encountering a variety of problems on a website that they use to help consumers sign up for health coverage, the Los Angeles Times reports (Brown, Los Angeles Times, 11/16).).
Enrollment counselors have reported several glitches with the site designed to help them enroll individuals in health plans offered through the exchange, including:
Some counselors have given up trying to use the site and instead have begun printing off English-language versions of enrollment applications and helping Spanish-speaking individuals fill them out, according to the Times (Los Angeles Times, 11/16).Call the current economic climate whatever you wish – downturn, recession, slowdown. For some, there is only one word – opportunity.
There is no question that the economic world has changed as a result of this downturn. However, business has not ceased, nor has cash become a thing of the past. Here and there, savvy business entrepreneurs have kept their eyes open and found niches of opportunity to make money – lots of money – at a time when others are unsure of their financial futures.
SwiftJet is a private charter jet service based out of Toronto's Pearson International Airport. While commercial airlines are restructuring and trimming due to reduced air travel, this airline is booked solid. The company's founder and chief executive, Bassam Al-Sarraj, realized that corporate executives have neither the time nor the patience for flying commercially. Traveling by private jet is a necessity, not a luxury for many business executives. The need to meet in several distant places in a short span of time negates flying commercially. Time spent with check-ins, baggage drops, security checks, and boarding time is precious productive time lost in the business world. SwiftJet operates to meet the needs of the corporate executive. All the amenities of commercial airlines are made available. And, this airline guarantees that the passenger's luggage will never be lost.
It is true that some companies that previously owned their own private jets have sold their planes in order to trim their finances. However, entrepreneurs like Mr. Al-Sarraj realized that the companies still needed that service. He merely allowed large companies to reduce their operating overhead by a unique type of outsourcing.
Incorporate in Canada with CorporationCentre.ca
Click. You're incorporated ®, Erika J. MA*†; Miller, Mark W. PhD*†‡; McKinney, Ann E. MA*
This study evaluated evidence for 2 forms of emotional abnormality in posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD): numbing and heightened negative emotionality. Forty-nine male veterans with PTSD and 75 without the disorder rated their emotional responses to photographs that depicted scenes of Vietnam combat or were drawn from the International Affective Picture System (Lang et al., 2005). Images varied in their trauma-relatedness and affective qualities. A series of repeated measures ANOVAs revealed that Vietnam combat veterans with PTSD responded to unpleasant images with greater negative emotionality (i.e., enhanced arousal and lower valence ratings) than those without the disorder and this effect was modified by the trauma-relatedness of the image with stronger effects for trauma-related images. In contrast, the 2 groups showed equivalent patterns of responses to pleasant images. Findings raise questions about the sensitivity of the International Affective Picture System rating protocol for the assessment of PTSD-related emotional numbing.
PTSD, emotional processing, IAPS, assessment
You may search for similar articles that contain these same keywords or you may
modify the keyword list to augment your search.Continuing rolling!
Here’s a sample of a few great new albums out in 2014…
You Me At Six – Cavalier Youth
Release Date: January 27
They’re back, and this time they’re aiming to be bigger than ever. You Me At Six have finally finished up on their latest album and they haven’t scaled down their ambition. Cavalier Youth is being tipped to make the band more popular than ever and their new single “Lived A Lie” is a brilliant sign of things to come. The year sure is starting with a bang and come festival season, all the anthems should be permanently ingrained in fan’s heads, ready to scream out loud. This new album will make You Me At Six worldwide superstars!
Within Temptation – Hydra
Release Date: January 31
The dutch symphonic metal band, partnered up with new record label Nuclear Blast, are due to release their brand new album Hydra sooner than you might think. Lead single “Paradise (What About Us?)” features Tarja Turunen, former lead singer of Nightwish, and new track Dangerous includes ex Killswitch Engage singer Howard Jones, setting expectations for Hydra pretty high. But fans of Within Temptation probably won’t have to worry too much about the band’s music losing any edge because they’ve been consistently great their whole career, and that probably won’t change with this record.
Architects – Lost Forever // Lost Together
Release Date: March 11
2014 will see the return of British hardcore band Architects, and their new album Lost Forever // Lost Together will be released under their new record label Epitaph. The band are returning to their heavier metalcore roots and aiming to write plenty of songs that are best heard when screamed out loud live on stage. This is all perfectly timed for their big European tour and inevitable festival appearances, and should most certainly please their passionate fanbase. We can’t wait until March 11 to hear what they’ve come up with!
Blink 182 – TBA
Release Date: Unknown
The hugely popular punk band have been working tirelessly in the studio and this year we might all get the chance to hear some brand new songs from Blink 182. “We’re hoping to head into the studio next year [and to have the] album out in late spring/early summer,” said bassist Mark Hoppus to Kerrang! magazine in 2013. With a headline slot at Reading and Leeds already already confirmed, you can bet the band will want to air those new songs they’ve been working on. Long term fans especially won’t be able to contain themselves when then new record becomes available.
Foo Fighters – TBA
Release Date: Unknown
One of the biggest bands in the world aren’t taking it too easy, and the Foo Fighters are currently working on a new record for 2014. Good guy of rock Dave Grohl told radio station XFM, “we have been in our studio writing… and we are going to make this album in a way that no-one’s ever done before and we’re pretty excited about it… I think next year is going to be a really big year for the Foo Fighters, without question.” This news should make Foo fans very excited indeed, and the band have never been less than excellent with their music. So keep your eyes peeled because surely the former Nirvana drummer and his crew won’t be keeping us in suspense for too much longer.
This is just a small sampling of what you can expect from 2014 so far. Of course there are many more albums not mentioned here, such as rumoured releases from bands like AC/DC, Enter Shikari & Linkin Park. 2014 is looking pretty sweet and as the year goes on there’ll be plenty of surprises for all Blue Banana fans to enjoy. So stay sharp, because this year is definitely gonna rock!
Music fans! Get your hands on one of our awesome band t shirts with unique designs inspired by your favourite artists!
Tags: 2014 albums, Alternative Rock, Architects, Blink 182, Foo Fighters, hardcore, Metal, new music, Punk, Rock Music, Within Temptation, You Me At SixWith the case of hundreds of unsold tickets of the World Cup final held here on April 2, 2011 still a festering sore for its 330-odd clubs, Mumbai Cricket Association will write to them asking for inputs, if they have any, to solve the mystery..Israel Celebrates the Royal Wedding
Image: Getty Images.
One street in the city is today covered in red white and blue Union Flags, and people will shortly spill out to fulfill that old British tradition of the “street party” — an outdoor pot luck party where neighbors and friends celebrate national occasions together. The occasion, of course, is the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton.
People setting up the party, a Shabbat meal which starts soon, wished each other “mazalotov” like you do at a family wedding. There are even commemorative Grace After Meals booklets, as the organizers billed it as a “sheva berachot” — the traditional celebratory meal held in the days following a Jewish wedding.
Britain’s ambassador to Israel Matthew Gould is also leading celebrations. This afternoon he hosted 750 people for a party in Tel Aviv. The guest list included politicians and celebrities and the food was quintessentially British. 4,000 scientific papers for top international journals and conferences. More than 360 40.
Product Partnership
Innovation Engineering Group
Researchers at Microsoft Research Asia have collaborated with product groups over the years to ship over 260 innovations in Microsoft products. The Innovation Engineering team supports these technology transfers, and fosters new product innovation, by bringing together program managers, software design engineers, user experience experts, and others to help turn ideas into reality.
Search Technology Center Asia
Microsoft Research Asia and Microsoft Bing (formerly Microsoft Live Search) partnered to form the Search Technology Center Asia (STCA) in Beijing in October 2005; STCA has since expanded to Tokyo. The Center is dedicated to advancing state of the art search technology and enabling a more intelligent online search experience..
Assistant Managing Director: Dr. Wei-Ying Ma
As an assistant managing director based in Beijing at Microsoft Research Asia, he leads a team of talented, passionate researchers to advance the state-of-the-art in Web search and data mining. Under his leadership, the team is pushing the boundaries of current search technologies by leveraging machine learning and knowledge discovery techniques to deliver the next generation of Web search.
Assistant Managing Director: Dr. Feng Zhao
Dr. Feng Zhao is an Assistant Managing Director at Microsoft Research Asia where he oversees multiple research areas including the systems, wireless & networking, hardware computing and media communications groups.
Research Area Manager: Dr. Shipeng Li
Dr. Shipeng Li is now a principal researcher and research manager of the Media Computing group. He also serves as the research area manager coordinating the multimedia research activities at Microsoft Research Asia.
Research Area Manager: Dr. Yong Rui
Rui is currently a Senior Director at Microsoft Research Asia, leading research effort in the areas
of multimedia search, knowledge mining, and social computing.
Director of Technology Strategy: Dr. Eric Chang
Eric Chang is currently the Director of Technology Strategy of Microsoft Research Asia, where his responsibilities include research program communication, IP portfolio management, and driving new research themes.
Director of Innovation Engineering Group: Dr. Jonathan Tien
Jonathan Tien is currently the Director of Engineering for Microsoft Research Asia, where his responsibilities include how to move research results into real products rapidly, realize return on research investments.Moody Blues Frontman Justin Hayward Coming To San Antonio.
"It’s acoustic set with a guitar player called Mike Dawes," said Hayward. "Me and Mike and Julie Ragins."
And they’ll play a few Moody Blues songs as well, but without drums. I asked Hayward about being there in 1967 as a symphony recorded their parts for the legendary "Days of Future Passed" debut album.
“I knew it was really something. What, I didn’t know," Hayward said. "I thought we were making some limited-appeal arty album."
The Moody Blues played the Isle of Wight in 1970, and you can watch that concert on Youtube. I did, and I noticed that Hayward didn't smile the entire performance. I asked what was up with that.
"No, I didn’t smile. I was a miserable bugger," Hayward said. "I still am, you know, really. It’s just what my mother used to call a 'cast of countenance.' I’m just stuck with that face. That particular day I was very tired, I hadn’t slept the night before. I was pretty stoned. It was a tough crowd. But to our surprise, they absolutely loved us.”
Somehow, that doesn’t seem too surprising.
- For more on Justin Hayward visit:1996 Volvo 850 GLT 2.4 from North America
Summary:
Second Volvo to save my life.
Faults:
Oxygen sensor failure.
Stereo kept shorting out.
General Comments:
This was my second Volvo, the first having been destroyed by a tractor trailer.
This car was a great car, I didn't enjoy it as much as my previous 740 in part beacuse of the automatic transmission.
It felt slightly detached in comparison to the 740.
The 850 was a comfortable car to drive, very luxurious, interior very spacious.
Once again Volvo engineering saved my life, I tried to dodge a deer and spun the car and went backwards into a telephone pole at about 40 mph destroying the back of the car, I managed to stumble away from the wreck after kicking the door open (heavy frame damage) but all in all I was fine.
After my experiences my children will drive Volvo's.
Would you buy another car from this manufacturer? Yes
Review Date: 19th November, 2005
31st Jan 2006, 00:27
Volvo has always been a leading innovator in automotive safety. As a technician I have heard countless stories from customers who walked away from fatality car crashes or loved ones whose lives were saved. My sister recently received a 2005 S-40 company car and was broadsided in the driver door at 40mph. The side curtain and airbag saved her pretty face and vital organs from a BIG CHEVY. After she walked away and was given a large SUV rental car she was impressed that her compact car took such a shot. She complained a little about bruising from the pyrotechnic seat belt and airbags, but appreciated what could have been. The car was not totaled due to its boron steel reinforcement and now sports two new left door skins and substructure. Oh well its only a company car. Just so you know I care please don't make left turns from the center lane.October 2008 with Groundwork Somerville
Hosted by Jennifer Lawrence of Groundwork Somerville, this program looks at the planning process for the Greenline Extension into Somerville and additons to the Community Path. Guests are Ellin Reisner of STEP, Lisa Brukilacchio of the Cambridge Health Alliance, and Mary Regan of the Somerville Community Corporation.
Labels: Community Path, Greenline Extension, SomervilleThe folks at Select Comfort recently asked the Sac Rag to take the Sleep Number® bed for a spin and let our readers know what we thought. I thought this was a great opportunity as I’ve always been interested in the concept (two air mattresses that you can adjust from firm to soft with a wireless remote control) and the TopofIt’s bed was starting to show its age. So, I offered to take the challenge and I haven’t looked back since.
We were provided with a queen-sized version of the Sleep Number® p5 bed. This included the “Modular Base” which replaces the traditional box spring and can be incorporated into your existing bed frame (I have a wooden frame, and the delivery guys made it work easily and the bed is very stable). Speaking of delivery guys, they arrived on time (after calling to tell me they were on their way) and had the bed up and running in 30 minutes. They explained everything there is to know about the bed and even shared a few stories about their Sleep Number beds and how to find your sleep number. It couldn’t have gone smoother.
Since the bed is perfect for couples, Mrs TopofIt and I immediately began the process of finding our sleep number. Ideally, you should visit your local Sleep Number bed store and experience the technology available to determine your exact sleep number. In the Sacramento area, there are stores at Arden Fair, Westfield Galleria at Roseville, and Westfield Solano.
We opted for the DIY process which involves lying in your bed and running the settings from 100 (firmest) to 0 (softest) and then back again noting how you feel along the way. Once you find a number you like, stick with it for 3 or 4 nights. From there, it is a process of adjusting the sleep number in increments of 5 until you find the setting that fits you best. We quickly learned that I lean toward a softer mattress (35) while she leans toward a firmer mattress (55).
It’s been about three weeks since we got our Sleep Number® bed and we are both really enjoying it. With the pillow-top cover, the bed does not look different than any other bed and is very stable. It’s no air mattress you take camping that you have to refill each night before bed. I’m finding it very comfortable, but not life-changing, like TiVo or self-serve frozen yogurt.
What’s great about this bed?
- You can adjust the firmness of the bed for you and the person you share your bed with, or TPYSYBW.
- The bed adjusts to the contours of your body, once you find the number that fits you, you’re all set.
- Depending on the model, the pillow-top mattress and comfort layer provide a really nice surface for roughhousing with TPYSYBW. It’s quiet, too! Wink Wink.
- It fits your existing bed frame or can be used as a stand-alone bed with posts.
- If you struggle with back issues or restless sleeping, there is a good chance this bed will help you sleep better.
What’s not-so-great about this bed?
- The price. These things aren’t cheap, but they will last a very long time. Do your research and visit a Sleep Number® store to get analyzed. They offer a 30-Night Trial program.
- The warranty. It’s good, just not great. The first two years are covered completely with the customer picking up 20% plus 4% of the price for each year from the original purchase date
Learn more about Sleep Number® on YouTube, Twitter, and Facebook. You may also want to participate in the monthly "Sleep Better Chat" on Facebook and Twitter. This month’s topic is "Tips for Pain Relief."
Not sure if folks can still take advantage of it but the Sleep Number bed was one of last weeks Groupons.
Good catch, Plumwin. The Groupon ended on 9/11/11.
If anyone is interested, I have two coupons for 10% off the purchase of a Sleep Number bed.
DYI . . . Do Yourself In?
I think this post has disappointingly low levels of snarkiness, humor, and poignancy. I want my money back.
So can you report any particular advantage of a Sleep Number bed when both are…. errrr… on the same side of the bed?
but don’t sign that paper tonight,
she said, but it’s too late.
Yeah, I don’t remember what I read,
don’t remember what they said,
Guess it doesn’t matter,
Guess it doesn’t matter anymore.
‘Cause you’re gonna go to the matress store
you’re gonna give ‘em all your money.
Radio plays what they want you to hear
Tell me it’s cool, I just don’t believe it…
sell out, with me oh yea, sell out, with me tonight
The matress company’s gonna give me lots of money
and everything’s gonna be all right.
no more flippin’ burgers puttin’ on my silly hat
you know I don’t want that no more,
And I didn’t ask when we’d get paid, I quit my day job anyway,
Guess it doesn’t matter, guess it doesn’t matter anymore
‘Cause you’re gonna go to the matress store,
you’re gonna give ‘em all your money.
Radio plays what they want you to hear,
they tell me it’s cool, I just don’t believe it
sell out, with me oh yea, sell out
with me tonight, the matresss company’s gonna give me
lots of money and everything’s gonna be.
And I don’t think it’ll be so bad.
And I know it won’t be so bad.
‘Cause the man said “that’s the way it is”
and the man said “it don’t get better than this”
(no no no noo)
so I signed on to the matress company,
they said they’re gonna give me lot’s of money,
if I play what they want you to hear
Tell me it’s cool, and I sure believe it…
sell out, with me oh yea, sell out, with me tonight
the matress companies gonna give me lots of money and
everything’s gonna be all right.
Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah,
the matress company’s gonna make everything all right.
You don’t have to sign that paper tonight,
she said, but I can’t work in fast food all my life.
@Bart Rude – great catch, thanks. updated. love that you read the review that closely.
@cogmeyer – yep, I tried to insert a little, but you are right. the cost of doing business in these tough economic times, I’m afraid. Call our Customer Retention department to see about a refund. RE the bed, I am not uncomfortable at all when my wife and I decide to share the same side of the bed (it happens, rare, but it happens! stop rolling your eyes) . The firmness (uh, uh, huh) is more noticeable over long periods of time.
I worked really hard on that song (even though I left out the first line) and I don’t even get a response. How rude!
It’s what I do. A colleague of mine has a handy cheat sheet:
@Bart Rude Great site, we’re big fans of grammar here. I noticed there was no listing for asterisk? Often pronounced “asterick” or “astrick.”
Well, while we’re at it, I’m sure I’d sleep much better if the news folks stopped confusing the words “troops” and “soldiers.” A troop is a defined group of soldiers. You don’t get nine troops injured and two killed. Those are soldiers, not troops.
I add my kudos to the grammar site (sight? cite?).
@Richard L Off topic, I know, but did you catch the #APStyleChat chat about this topic on Twitter?
The remote on the bed stopped displaying the sleep number and the LCD was fading in and out. I contacted the folks at Select Comfort and I had a new remote sent to me in three days, with no hassle or questions asked. They even provided a paid mailing label to return the bad remote. Pretty smooth process.1. Field of the Invention
This invention relates to the field of coin actuated machines and more particularly to coin measuring and authenticating apparatus therefor.
2. Description of the Prior Art
Prior coin slide art shows a continuing search for methods of coin measuring and authentication. U.S. Pat. No. 3,602,352, for example, discloses a system that checks the coin thickness and diameter at the coin slide and further checks the thickness and diameter as the coin moves into the apparatus. This patent also suggests alternate checks for ferrous coins and for washers with all checks made at one coin elevation. U.S. Pat. No. 3,712,440 also checks all coins for thickness and diameter at one elevation and does not provide for rejecting a magnetic slug or a washer. Further, in U.S. Pat. No. 3,372,962 the coins are moved from a lower level to a higher level where the top edges of all coins are in the same plane during measuring for thickness and diameter. Magnets are mounted in the stationary portion of the housing for moving toward a ferrous coin and consequent jamming of the slide mechanism. Washers are stopped by two parallel fingers in the coin path which engage the hole in the washer and prevent the slide from advancing. There remains, however, a need for a coin slide apparatus operable for detecting and rejecting spurious coins or the like as well as detecting and rejecting spurious operating techniques.
It is an object of the instant invention to provide an improved coin slide apparatus.
It is a further object of the instant invention to provide an improved coin authentication apparatus.
It is a further object of the instant invention to provide a unique magnetic or a washer reject means.
It is a further object of the instant invention to provide a means for preventing actuation of the machine with coins of improper diameter.
It is a still further object of the instant invention to prevent actuation by wedging objects in the coin slots.
Briefly, the instant invention achieves these objects in a coin slide apparatus that includes a housing and associated mounting means; a coin slide assembly including coin slots for receiving and supporting coins, latch arms pivotally mounted to the slide housing to prevent full movement of the slide assembly if improper coins are inserted, and a coin measuring means including a cam portion of the latch arms and abutments above the cams.
Operation of the apparatus and further objects and advantages thereof will become evident as the description proceeds and from an examination of the accompanying nine pages of drawings.
The drawings illustrate a preferred embodiment of the invention with similar numerals referring to similar parts throughout the several views, wherein:
FIG. 1 is a plan view of the coin slide apparatus with a portion broken away to show the ratchet pawl and the blanking members in storage;
FIG. 2 is a sectional view taken along section lines 2--2 of FIG. 1, showing interior construction detail along a coin slot;
FIG. 3 is an end view taken along lines 3--3 of FIG. 2;
FIG. 4 is a view similar to FIG. 2 but showing the slide assembly advanced to an intermediate position without any coins;
FIG. 5 is a view similar to FIG. 2 showing a proper coin advancing through the coin measuring area;
FIG. 6 is a view similar to FIG. 2 illustrating that a too large coin will not drop into the slot;
FIG. 7 is a view similar to FIG. 2 showing a blanking member in operative position;
FIG. 8 is a view similar to FIG. 2 showing that a too small coin will not pass through the coin measuring area;
FIG. 9 is a fragmentary section showing the slide partially advanced;
FIG. 10 is a section taken along lines 10--10 of FIG. 2;
FIG. 11 is a section taken along lines 11--11 of FIG. 4 showing the slide actuated door in the housing support;
FIG. 12 is a section taken along lines 12--12 of FIG. 11 showing the action of the door as the slide is advanced or retracted;
FIG. 13 is a section taken along lines 13--13 of FIG. 1 looking into the coin measuring area;
FIG. 14 is a view along lines 14--14 of FIG. 2 showing the bottom of the latch plate;
FIG. 15 is a view similar to FIG. 5 showing a proper coin advancing through the coin ejection position and dropping from the coin slide; also shown in dashed lines is the end of a fully extended coin slide in the operative position;
FIG. 16 is a view similar to FIG. 2 showing a part of the washer reject means in relation to the coin slide and slide housing;
FIG. 17 is a fragmentary view taken along lines 17--17 in FIG. 16;
FIG. 18 is a fragmentary view taken generally along lines 18--18 of FIG. 16 with the slide assembly in the coin receiving position and carrying either a coin or a washer;
FIG. 19 is a view similar to FIG. 18 with the slide assembly partially advanced and carrying a washer;
FIG. 20 is a view similar to FIG. 18 with the slide assembly advanced and carrying a proper coin;
FIG. 21 is a view similar to FIG. 2 showing a magnetic reject means in relation to the coin slide and slide housing;
FIG. 22 is a fragmentary view taken generally along lines 22--22 of FIG. 21;
FIG. 23 is a fragmentary view taken generally along lines 23--23 of FIG. 21 with a coin slide assembly partially advanced and carrying a spurious magnetic coin; and
FIG. 24 is a view similar to FIG. 23 with the coin slide assembly carrying a proper non-magnetic coin and advanced beyond an intermediate stop position.
Referring to the drawings there is shown generally in FIG. 1 and further in the additional drawings a coin slide apparatus 10 so constructed as to be mounted in a standard coin slide vault panel opening 11, as shown in FIGS. 1 and 2, and thereby supported on a machine which is to be actuated by such a coin slide apparatus 10.
Referring to FIGS. 1 and 2, the coin slide apparatus 10 is mounted in a standard opening 11 cut into the front panel of the coin slide vault. This mounting is accomplished by sliding the apparatus 10 into the opening 11 and allowing the shouldered screws 12 to pass through clearance holes 13 at the top and clearance slots 14 at the bottom of the opening. The shoulder of the screws 12 allows the apparatus 10 to grip the vault wall 15 and final securing of the apparatus 10 is accomplished from within the vault by tightening a threaded rod 16 into faceplate 17 which draws the apparatus 10 snugly against the vault wall 15.
Referring again to FIGS. 1, 2 and 3 the coin slide apparatus 10 includes a faceplate 17 and a forwardly extending housing support 18 which are cast as a unitary member. The forwardly extending housing support 18 includes a base 21 and a pair of opposed side walls 22 having inwardly extending flanges 27, as shown in FIG. 10, to define a rearwardly extending longitudinal channel 23 through the faceplate 17.
Assembled into the longitudinal opening 23 from the rear of the faceplate 17 is a slide housing 24, as shown in FIG. 2. The slide housing 24 is connected to the combination faceplate housing support by a pair of threaded fasteners 25. The slide housing 24 includes a short upwardly extending wall 26 at each side, as best shown in FIGS. 3 and 10, which cooperates with the flange 27 on the channels 22 of the housing support 18 to provide a guideway for a horizontally reciprocal slide assembly 28.
The slide housing 24 further includes an array of holes 29 in the guideway surface 101 and generally in line with a slotted opening 30 in the base 21 of the housing support 18. These holes 29 in combination with the slotted opening 30, provide limited access to the coins 98 from below and provide an outlet for dirt or soap granules.
The reciprocally movable slide assembly 28 includes an upper slide plate 31 which is fixed to a center plate or center body portion 32 by a pair of screws 33. The upper slide plate 31 also includes an upturned handle 34, at the end opposite the screws 33, for operation of the slide assembly 28 within the guideway defined by the inwardly extending flanges 27 and upwardly extending walls 26 as shown in FIG. 10. The center body 32 is formed to receive a latch plate 35 as shown in FIGS. 2 and 14. The latch plate 35 is hardened and has a beveled leading edge 36 and a studlike projection 37 which extends through the center body 32 to provide a pivot support for a ratchet pawl 38 which will be further defined. Immediately adjacent the beveled leading edge 36 of the latch plate 35 is a rib section 41 that extends transversely across the latch plate 35 as in FIGS. 2 and 14. This rib section 41 mates with a transverse groove 42 in the body portion 32 of the slide assembly 28 to locate the forward edge of the latch plate 35. The rear of the latch plate 35 is maintained in position by a downwardly extending wall 43 in the body portion 32. These features cooperating with the guideway serve to retain the latch plate 35 as part of the slide assembly 28.
The upper slide plate 31 includes coin slots 44 which are sized to receive coins 98 having particular denominations including two slots for quarters, two slots for dimes, and one slot for a nickel. The slots 44 in the upper slide plate 31 are aligned with vertical passageways 45, see FIGS. 2, 11 and 12, in the faceplate 17 which permit the passage of coins 98 that are positioned in the slide slots 44 and which partially extend above the surface of the upper slide plate 31. Though five slots 44 are shown in the upper slide plate 31, means are provided for blanking off up to four slots 44 as will be shown and discussed hereinbelow.
The coin slots 44 are shaped, as shown in FIG. 1, to approximate a particular coin's maximum permissible thickness and diameter at each end but are substantially wider at the center to accommodate a coin 98 which may be of the proper denomination but slightly deformed in the center. These slots 44 perform a preliminary measuring of a coin's width and thickness. The upper slide plate 31 also includes a rectangular detent 46 as shown in FIGS. 1 and 2. This detent rests in a notch 47 at the front of the center body 32 with the deepest portion of the detent 46 contacting the wall of notch 47. When the slide assembly 28 is operated, the detent 46 and notch 47 combination serves to transmit the operational impact force from the handle 34 and upper slide plate 31 to the center body 32 which prevents the application of undue force on the screws 33 that connect the upper plate 31 and center body 32.
As shown in FIG. 2, the center body 32 provides substantial thickness to the slide assembly 28 as compared to the thickness of the upper slide plate 31, and thus a significant portion of the coin 98 diameter is below the surface of the upper slide plate 31 when the coin 98 is of proper diameter. The center body portion 32 is molded from a thermoplastic material and includes a first transverse row of coin receiving pockets 48 below and substantially aligned with the slots 44 in the upper plate 31 but these coin receiving pockets 48 are of uniform size rather than of a size that corresponds to the size of the juxtaposed slot 44 in the upper slide plate 31. The latch plate 35 includes elongated openings 51 aligned with the slots 44 in the upper plate 31 and the first pockets 48 in the center body portion 32, as shown in FIGS. 2 and 14, to allow the lower edge of inserted coins to rest on the edges of the hole 29 on the surface of the guideway 101 of the slide housing 24.
As shown in FIG. 10, the center body portion 32 also includes a plurality of relatively small depending ribs 52 which mate with a plurality of shallow grooves 53 cast into the surface of the guideway 101 of the slide housing 24. These mating ribs 52 and grooves 53 cooperate to prevent the insertion of a thin flat sheet of rigid material between the slide assembly 28 and the slide housing 24 that is intended to effect improper actuation of the coin slide apparatus 10. The center body 32 further includes a second row of pockets or recesses 54, as shown in FIGS. 1 and 2, to receive in storage a plurality of blanking members 55.
The center body 32 supports a ratchet mechanism, as shown in FIGS. 1 and 9, where the pawl 38 is pivotally mounted on the projecting stud 37 of the latch plate 35. The rachet pawl 38 is a hardened metal part having a center pivot with a generally rectangular shape at one end defining two sharp edges 56 for engagement with ratchet teeth 57 on either the forward or return stroke of the slide assembly 28 and a tapered opposite end 58 for attaching a pawl biasing member 61. The pawl biasing member 61 is connected between a molded peg 62 on the center body 32 and the trailing tapered portion 58 of the ratchet pawl 38. The toothed portion 57 of the ratchet mechanism is cast into a sidewall 63 of the slide housing 24 as shown in FIG. 9 and is operable for engagement with the ratchet pawl 38. Once the coin 98 passes through the coin measuring area 103, the ratchet pawl 38 engages with a ratchet tooth 57 as shown in FIG. 9 thus requiring the slide assembly 28 to be advanced past the remaining ratchet teeth 57. Once the slide assembly 28 and ratchet pawl 38 have been advanced past the ratchet teeth 57 to the operative position, as shown in dashed lines in FIG. 15, the ratchet pawl 38 will reverse and the ratchet teeth 57 will engage in a reverse direction during withdrawal of the slide assembly 28 so that the slide assembly 28 cannot be returned to the operative position before returning to the coin receiving position. The ratchet mechanism thus functions to require a complete slide assembly 28 reciprocation once an actuation has been effected so that coins cannot be returned rather than being ejected into a coin receptacle within the vault 102.
Pivotally mounted to the assembly of the housing support 18 and slide housing 24 are a plurality of latch arms 64, with one generally aligned with each of the slots 44 in the slide housing 24, as shown in FIGS. 2 and 3. These latch arms 64 are individually pivoted by a pair of downwardly turned ears 69 on a pin 65 which is in turn supported by two depending tabs 66 on the slide housing 24, FIG. 3. Each latch arm 64 includes at its free end a pawl 67 offset from the coin cam 76 center line and having a reverse inclined face 68 engageable with the hardened leading edge 36 of the latch plate 35 when the pawl 67 is in a first posture as shown in FIGS. 2 and 3 under the biasing of a leaf spring 71. Forwardly adjacent the inclined face 68, the edge 72 of the pawl 67 is beveled for engaging with the ramp portion 73 of a blanking member 55 to be described hereinbelow. A one-piece spring assembly 70 having a plurality of leaf springs 71 is formed from a flat sheet of spring stock. The individual leaf springs 71 are bent at right angles to the remaining rectangular sheet so that they extend rearwardly under each latch arm 64 to upwardly bias each arm 64. The remaining rectangular base portion of the spring assembly 70 is retained by the slide housing 24 through a flat rectangular plate 74 and a pair of shouldered mounting screws 12, as shown in FIGS. 2 and 3. Each latch arm 64 also includes, at a position intermediate the pivot end and the free end, an upwardly extending, semicircular, cam surface 76 engageable with an inserted coin 98.
Also included in the surface of the guideway 101 of the slide housing 24 is a downward sloping ramp 77 which causes the coin or coins to drop by gravity from a first higher elevation 79 to a second lower elevation 80 prior to measuring. This change in elevation from higher to lower is necessary so that if an object other than a coin 98 is wedged into the coin slot 44 the object will not cam the latch arm 64 down since the object will be wedged at the higher elevation and will therefore be too high to engage the cam 76. The requirement that the coin 98 drop by gravity from a higher to a lower elevation requires that the coin 98 be free, whereas, if the coin 98 were being elevated from a lower level to a higher level a spurious coin could be wedged into the slot and be forced into the coin measuring area 103.
The most significant coin measuring is effected by a measuring system including the cam surface 76 of the latch arm 64. Behind the faceplate 17 is a bridge 78, as shown in FIGS. 1, 2, 3, and 13, having at irregular heights, supports 81 for flat finger-like abutments 82 which are engageable with a coin diameter. The bridge 78 is located on the slide housing 24 as in FIG. 1 by means of tabs 83 on the lower edges of the bridge 78 and mating slots 84 on the edge of the slide housing 24 as best shown in FIG. 9. The bridge 78 is secured to the slide housing 24 with two snap flat springs 85, as in FIG. 1, which hook under the slide housing 24, as in FIG. 3, and snap into a recess 86 on each side of the bridge 78. The bridge 78 is thus restrained from movement and disassembly is simple.
Each abutment 82 is disposed above the coin cam 76 of a latch arm 64 with one end secured to the bridge 78 by staking and the opposite end positioned by a setscrew 87. The position of one end of the abutment 82 is adjustable with the setscrew 87, as in FIG. 2, so that the predetermined spacing between the abutment 82 and the coin cam 76 is such as to pivot the latch pawl 67 downward into a second posture for nonengagement with the latch plate 35 in the presence of a proper coin diameter. That ramp portion 88 of the bridge 78 immediately rearward of the coin measuring area 103 is sloped downward and rearward, as shown in FIG. 2, to impart a downward and rearward thrust to the coin 98 as it is ejected from the coin slide 28 through a port 39 in the slide housng 24. The combination of the ramp 88 and a bar 40 at the end of the port 39 in the slide housing 24 serves to strip any coin 98 from the slide assembly 28 which may have been taped or otherwise held to the slide in an attempt to retrieve the coin 98 after actuation.
As previously indicated, up to four of the five coin lots 44 may be blocked off so that the indicated coin 98 is not required and in fact cannot be inserted into the coin slot 44 of the upper slide plate 31. Stored within the second center body recesses 54, as shown in FIGS. 1 and 2, are coin-blanking members 55 which are fabricated from a nonmagnetic material and include an elongated body portion 104 and a head portion 105 having a ramp 73 on the underside for engaging with the beveled edge 72 of the latch arm pawl 67 and camming the arm 64 downward into the previously mentioned second posture for nonengagement with the latch plate.
To remove the upper slide plate 31 for conversion of the coin slide apparatus 10 from one combination of coins 98 to another, the slide assembly 28 is moved partially inward to expose the two mounting screws 33 as in FIG. 4. By removing these two screws 33 the upper slide plate 31 may be removed by sliding it forward through the faceplate 17 and away from the center plate 32 of the slide assembly 28 to expose the blanking members 55 disposed in the second row of pockets 54, as shown by broken line in FIG. 7, without disassembly of other parts. The blanking members 55 may then be removed from the second row of storage pockets or recesses 54 and placed in the first coin pockets 48 so that the elongated body portion 104 will underlie the coin slot 44 in the upper slide plate 31 and the head portion 105 will extend downwardly to a position juxtaposed and to the left of the leading edge 36 of the latch plate 35 as in FIG. 7. The coin receiving slots 44 may be selectively blocked off so that the slide 28 may be adapted to receive and actuate at any five cent increment between a coin value of 5 cents to 75 cents. When the blanking members 55 are in a slot blanking position as shown by the unbroken line in FIG. 7, a coin 98 cannot be inserted into the coin slot 44 of the upper slide plate 31, and as the slide assembly 28 is advanced to the coin measuring area 103, the ramp 73 on the underside of the head 105 operates to engage the latch pawl 67 and to depress it to a position below the lower surface of the latch plate 35 to thus obviate the need for a coin 98 in the particular slot.
On the rear of the faceplate 17 is a flat sliding door 91, as shown in FIGS. 11 and 12, that includes a plurality of passageways 92 and is retained in position by a retainer plate 93 as shown in FIG. 8. In the coin receiving position of the slide assembly 28 as in FIG. 1, the passageways 92 in the door 91 are generally aligned with the passageways 45 in the faceplate 17 as in FIGS. 11 and 12 so that coins may pass through. As the coins 98 clear the passageway 92, however, the door 91 is moved transversely relative to the faceplate 17 by a cam surface 94 on the upper slide plate 31 engaging with a depending tab 95 on the sliding door 91 to effectively close the passageways 45 in the faceplate 17, thus preventing access to the coin measuring members during and after the measuring process. As the slide assembly 28 is returned to the coin receiving position, the sliding door 91 is returned by a cam 99 and depending tab 100 on the opposite side of the upper slide plate 31 and door 91 respectively to realign the passageways 45 and 92. The door passageways 92 are also formed with sharp edges to effect a cutting of tape or the like that may be attached to the coin 98 and thereby thwarting any attempt to obtain improper return of the coin 98 after effecting an actuation of the machine.
The slide assembly 28 is adapted to receive an actuator mounting bracket 96 secured by fasteners 90 as shown in FIGS. 1 and 2. Similarly, an actuator bracket 107, which is operable for actuating the timer 108 or other control device to initiate operation of the machine, is attached to the mounting bracket 96 by a pair of threaded members 106.
For purposes of discussing operation of the coin slide apparatus 10 with a proper coin 98, as in FIG. 5, it is assumed that a blanking member 55 has been operatively disposed in all of the coin slot 44 positions except one of the quarter slots through which the section of FIG. 5 is taken. After an authentic quarter is inserted in the appropriate slot 44, and enters the slot 44 with the lower edge resting on the surface of the guideway 101 of the slide housing 24 if the coin 98 is proper, the slide assembly 28 is advanced to carry the coin 98 toward the faceplate 17 and through the vertical passageway 45 therein. After the coin 98 passes the vertical passageway 45, the door 91 is cammed by the upper slide plate 31 transversely across the back of the faceplate 17, as in FIGS. 11 and 12, to block any further access to the coin 98. Continued advancement of the slide assembly 28 moves the coin 98 to the coin measuring area 103. During this advancement the coin 98 is moved down the ramp 77 formed in the slide housing 24 to the semicircular coin cam 76. With the bottom edge of the coin 98 engaging the coin cam 76 and the upper edge engaging the abutment 82, the latch arm 64 is pivoted downwardly by the advancing coin to position the latch pawl 67 below the plane of the latch plate 35. The slide assembly 28 is thus free to continue advancement through the coin ejection position, where the ramp portion 88 of the bridge 78 starts the coin 98 downward and rearward through a port 39 in the slide housing 24, as shown in FIG. 15, to the operative position. At the end of the actuation stroke of the slide assembly 28, the slide assembly 28 mounted actuator bracket 107 engages and effects operation of a timer 108 or the like. When the slide assembly 28 has reached this operative position it is prevented from further travel by the engagement of the stops 19 on the center body 32 with a mating forward land 49 on each upwardly extending wall 26 of the slide housing 24 as shown in FIG. 9. Upon completion of the inward actuation stroke of the slide assembly 28, the assembly 28 is returned to the coin receiving position by a return spring 97 that is mounted between the side of the actuator mounting bracket 96 and the retainer plate 93 as shown in FIG. 1. The return stroke is limited by the engagement of the actuated mounting bracket 96 with a rearward land 50 as shown in FIG. 9.
In the event that a coin 98 which is too large in diameter is used to attempt actuation of the machine, the coin will not seat properly in the coin slot 44 as shown in FIG. 6. With the too large coin 98 in this position, the slide assembly 28 will not be operable since the top of the coin 98 cannot clear the top edge of the vertical passageway 45 in the faceplate 17. In the event that a coin 98 is too thick, it will not pass the maximum thickness requirements of the coin slots 44 in the upper slide plate 31 and thus cannot be used.
Shown in FIG. 8 is the condition that occurs when a coin 98 of too small a diameter is used in an attempt to actuate the machine. The too small coin 98 will fit in the coin slot 44 and rest upon the slide housing 24. As the slide assembly 28 is advanced, the coin 98 will travel through the vertical passageway 45 in the faceplate 17, down the ramp 77 in the slide housing 28, and to the coin measuring area 103. At the coin measuring area 103, as shown in FIG. 8, the coin 98 is not large enough in diameter to span the distance between the coin cam 76 and the abutment 82, hence, the latch arm 64 is not cammed down and the latch plate 35 engages the pawl 67 of the latch arm 64, thus preventing any further advancement of the slide assembly 28.
Further, if actuation of the coin slide apparatus 10 is attempted without the presence of a coin 98 as shown in FIG. 4, the latch plate 35 will simply engage the pawl 67 of the latch arm 64 and prevent further advancement of the slide assembly 28.
FIGS. 16 through 24 show two alternative coin authenticating means that may optionally be used with this coin slide construction. These alternates are a washer reject means as shown in FIGS. 16 through 20 and a magnetic coin reject means as shown in FIGS. 21 through 24. These reject devices are both designed to mount in the same general area of the coin slide assembly so that if one is used the other cannot be. However, the slide assembly could be constructed so as to be converted from one device to another, depending on the needs of the customer, by exchanging the molded center body portion.
When it is desired to have a coin slide sensitive to washers or other coins with blank center portions 112 or to coins that are less than a predetermined thickness, the slide assembly may be altered by removing the center body portion 32 and replacing it with center body portion 110 which has provisions for mounting reject arms 120 and spring members 121.
The washer reject means as shown in FIGS. 16 through 20 consists of a plurality of washer reject arms 120 and sideways biasing spring members 121, one for each coin slot 44. The washer reject arms 120 are pivotally mounted in molded slots 122 in the center body 110 of the slide assembly 111 and have depending lugs 123, as in FIG. 16, which ride in tracks 124 in the guideway surface 101 of housing 24. At right angles to the body of the reject arm 120 is a finger 125 which extends into the pocket 48 and engages the coin 98 through biasing of the spring member 121. The spring member 121 is anchored in the center body portion 110 at one end with the other end of the spring 121 contacting the reject arm 120 and urging the arm 120 toward the coin 98.
The guideway surface 101 includes a track 124 for each of the pockets 48 with each track 124 having a transversely enlarged portion 126 and a shoulder 127 as shown in FIGS. 18, 19 and 20.
In operation, the depending lug portion 123 of the washer reject arm 120 rides in the track 124 as in FIG. 18. The reject arm 120 is urged toward the coin 98 by the spring member 121 and as the slide assembly 111 moves, if the coin 98 is less than a predetermined thickness or is a washer having a central opening 112, the finger portion 125 of the reject arm 120 will permit the reject arm 120 to shift toward the coin 98 and as the reject arm 120 moves along the transversely enlarged portion 126 and reaches the shoulder 127, as in FIG. 19, the reject arm 120 will engage the shoulder 127. If the coin 98 is proper, the reject arm 120 will remain along the upper portion 128 of the track 124 as in FIG. 20. A proper coin 98 will move through the coin measuring area 103 with the finger 125 of the washer reject arm 120 riding against the coin 98 as shown in FIG. 20.
To provide for a coin slide that will detect coins which have magnetic properties, the center body portion 32 is removed and replaced by center body portion 116 which is molded with appropriate grooves and slots for mounting a magnetic reject means.
The magnetic reject means as shown in FIGS. 21 through 24 includes a magnet mounting bracket 130 supported in grooved openings 131 in the center body portion 116 of the slide assembly 117 and transversely movable dependent on whether or not a magnetic coin 129 is encountered, a track 132 in the guideway surface 101 and a hairpin spring 133 on the outer wall 134 of the slide housing 24.
The bracket 130 has a plurality of members 135 for mounting small permanent magnets 136 to thus form magnetic members as shown in FIGS. 22, 23 and 24. The magnet mounting bracket 130 is located in the center body portion 116 of the slide assembly 117 so that a magnet 136 is adjacent each coin receiving pocket 48. As shown in FIG. 21 the bracket 130 also includes a downwardly projecting portion 137 which engages with and travels in the track 132 as the coin slide assembly is advanced and as shown in FIGS. 23 and 24.
Mounted on the outer wall 134 of the slide housing 24, FIGS. 23 and 24, is a hairpin spring 133. This spring 133 is strong enough to transversely bias the mounting bracket 130 toward the tapered wall portion 140 of the track 132 if there are no magnetic coins 129 present in the slide assembly 117. However, if there is a magnetic coin 129 in the slide assembly 117, the spring 133 will not have sufficient strength to move the mounting bracket 130 and the downwardly projecting portion 137 of the mounting bracket 130 will engage the bracket stop 141 to prevent further advancement of the coin slide assembly.
In review, the operation of the coin slide assembly 117 with the magnetic reject means is as follows. If a coin has magnetic properties the magnet 136 for the particular pocket 48 will attract it. As the slide assembly 117 is moved inward, the hairpin spring 133 does not have sufficient strength to overcome the magnetic attraction of the magnet 136 and the downwardly projecting portion 137 of the mounting bracket 130 will engage the bracket stop 141 as shown in FIG. 23. If the coins 98 are proper, the hairpin spring 133 will force the mounting bracket 130 transversely witin the center body 116 of the slide assembly 117 causing the downwardly projecting portion 137 of the bracket 130 to follow the tapered wall portion 140 of the track 132. The slide assembly 117 will then be free to travel toward the operative position as shown in FIG. 24.
The present construction thus provides an improved coin slide apparatus offering fast, convenient conversion from one combination of coins to another. The construction offers a unique slide assembly having improved operational characteristics and providing for storage of conversion pieces. The present slide assembly is also functional as a structural support for a ratchet mechanism and as a load bearing member capable of absorbing shock impacts as well as performing the usual authenticating and actuation functions of a prior art slide assembly. The construction also features either a washer reject or a magnetic coin reject option.
In the drawings and specification, there has been set forth a preferred embodiment of the invention and although the invention as further defined in the following claims.Posted in Contests | music | pictures | tour dates on June 8, 2009...
TO WIN A NORTHSIDE FESTIVAL BADGE: Please be 21+ and email BVCONTESTS@HOTMAIL.COM (subject: Northside Badge). Include your first and last name. Three winners will be awarded at random and contacted. thanks!
PLEASE NOTE: If your comment does not appear immediately, it will show up shortly.
TBA should totally be headlining this showcase gig, rather than opening it. For shame, BV. Tsk, tsk.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 1:59 AM
do the few seconds we all bother to spend at looking at live shows pics really worth the annoyment that those "potographers" causing
tix buyers during these shows?
these are not artists, they are plain leeches.
Posted by Darwish | June 8, 2009 2:28 AM
may I be the first (not the only) photographer to say: if you hate photographers at gigs, come up and tell us. especially if we're specifically interfering with your enjoyment of the show.
Posted by Lori | June 8, 2009 2:34 AM
^^^Wow...you sound and spell like a retard.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 2:35 AM
without photographers you wouldnt know what john lennon looked like.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 2:39.
I don't have a problem with the genre of music photography so much as the blog culture's posting of, what in the end and only if the arc of these musicians' careers will last so long, proves to be some pretty embarrassing moments by, say, the Vivian Girls (giggle, giggle, insider-speak, wink, postured awkwardness, "I am so embarrassed to be interviewed, now what were you just asking me?") or Deerhunter (I can barely watch any of the between song banter or posed pictures without thinking that I am observing a highschool art student's most embarrassingly over-wrought work which, in the digital age, won't disappear any time soon).
The John Lennon analogy (or the Sex Pistols, for that matter) misses the point entirely. Those artists knew how to utilize/manipulate the photo or press opp in ways that this current generation, in their dressed down casualness, seems only woefully unaware. Sort of like the way all the hardcore shows held at VFW Halls and praised for being so "real" back in the 80s have now been replaced by "house" shows where the band sets up in the kitchen. The first of these shows is a real experience, but soon becomes just another pose or convention . . . the photographers capturing these moments are the first in a long chain of people to blame for this kind of posturing.
Though they think they are essential or good "friends" with the music/blog machine, they need to think about their own complicity with regard to the conventions and standards they are advancing. Hey, I love Bob Gruen's work, but it must have been difficult to see shows or hang out at CBGBs with him and not to feel like, "well, there goes the scene."
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 4:31 AM
^ douche.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 6:49 AM
4:31 AM: Lighten up Francis
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 6:53 AM
6:53, Yeah, man. It's all good.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 7:17 AM
Ryan MEHir
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 7:55 AM
Imagine there's no cameras, I wonder if you can... I love photographers, cameras, live music, BV and anyone else I can kiss up to right now
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 8:00 AM
4:31 - this is a serious complement for a thoughtful and cogent analysis
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 8:03 AM
good 4 Bao
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 8:07 AM
8:03 - Is the use of the word "complement" intentionally used to balance your first "cogent" post, or a type-o for intended praise?
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 8:10 AM
MEH guy is lazy and goes for the easiest name
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 8:13."
perhaps you are getting casual photographers confused w/ shooters who are actually on assignment, which the band has OK'd in advance. we typically just shoot the first few songs and we're done. don't paint the BV shooters and their colleagues as 'the audience.' different kettle of fish.
now i won't deny that the advent of affordable digital cameras has lowered the bar significantly, and that there are definitely more people shooting shows than ever before. but if the band thinks that an influx of cameras is ruining the vibe, they can limit passes accordingly.
Posted by tim | June 8, 2009 9:51 AM
4:31 - lumping V Girls and Deerhunter together is laughable. You should be less concerned in judging a band on between song banter or their "posturing" and more as their talent as musicians....I would love to see you even try to write an album like Microcastle or Cryptograms.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 9:57 AM
"MEH guy is lazy and goes for the easiest name"
O.K., fine: MEHia JosMEH
Now let's see you try.
P.S. We're an international moveMEHnt, not just one guy.
Posted by MEH MEH MEH MEH MEH MEH MEH MEH MEH MEH MEH MEH | June 8, 2009 10:03 AM
I have come to know the names of many of these photographers from this site and have always admired their work. Specifically, Lori and Leia have been to many of the same shows I have attended and it's always cool to see their photos the next day. Although, sometimes there are incriminating shots of myself in the crowd that make me cringe -ugh!
And to Anon 4:31 AM - go to fucking bed.
Posted by Jimi | June 8, 2009 10:15 AM
Cryptograms is such a yawner.
Posted by Sacred Absolute Hipster Cow | June 8, 2009 10:16 AM
The photographers that are annoying are the idiot fans with cameras who stand there ALL NIGHT taking snap after snap on a freaking iphone.
A good photographer knows how to find their way into the energy of the show, either staying out of the way or getting into the middle of it.
4:31's 'cogent analysis' is complete BS. This blog reports what happens, fair and square, and is not out to embarrass any artist.
I will be the first to agree that there are TOO MANY PHOTOGRAPHERS EVERYWHERE and there are TOO MANY BAD PHOTOGRAPHS UP ON TOO MANY BLOGS, sometimes on this site
but-
imagine music magazines, album covers and our collective memories devoid of all photography.
You wouldn't even know what the CBGB's scene WAS without the great photography of that era.
Posted by amusicshooter | June 8, 2009 10:19 AM
I really don't see the need for pictures of concerts. Either you were there or you weren't. Sure, one or two pictures would be nice, but I rather have no pictures and more room instead of less room and pictures.
Every band and venue should embrace the "photos only during the first three songs" policy. Everyone wins: those that want pictures and those that know you can only really enjoy a concert when it is not seen from behind a view finder.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 10:20 AM
Anon 4:31 seems to be simply using the photographer in relation to the increasingly vapid and inanity of the music industry today. Is most of this stuff worth documenting heavily, if at all? The fact that the photography is used to advance the commercial aspirations of the musicians or their "tastemakers" and not their actual music is despicable.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 10:28 AM
intellektshual discussion about the downfall of the music scene. what is art? you are simply a cog in the hype machine. tasteMEHkers. p4k sux.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 10:34 AM
Photo's during the first 3 songs is an idiotic rule, although 'sometimes' necessary when most of the photographers are borderline papparazzi shooting for wire services.
Hendrix didn't set his guitar on fire during the fist 3 songs.
It's like saying a baseball game should be reported during the first 3 innings.
Or it's like saying, either you were at Tienanmen square or you weren't.
of course 99.9% of what's happening in music won't be that important a week later but if good photographers aren't allowed to cover it, we all miss the .1% of cultural history that is truly worth preserving.
Posted by amusicshooter | June 8, 2009 10:43 AM
"Hendrix didn't set his guitar on fire during the fist 3 songs. "
Show me ONE good picture that you took that wasn't during the first three songs. Go ahead, post it.
"we all miss the .1% of cultural history "
I am willing to take that chance.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 10:50 AM
"It's like saying a baseball game should be reported during the first 3 innings."
Wrong analogy. Baseball commentators do not block the fans that came to watch the game. Try again.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 10:52 AM
here ya go anon 10:50-
Posted by amusicshooter | June 8, 2009 10:58 AM
Daft Punk goes on at 9 for the photo show.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 11:11 AM
to the analogy police:
photographers are permitted on the sidelines and special pits for the entirety of the game for basketball, football, baseball games etc.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 11:24 AM
>>
you are comparing that photo to hendrix burning his guitar? if that above photo was never taken, the world will still be the same. has anyone even seen your photo? hahahaha
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 11:27 AM
Do you need a badge to go to Friday's opening from 7-8 too?
Posted by Aaron | June 8, 2009 11:31 AM
no, I'm not saying its as important or as good as Jim Marshall's shot - you asked for one good photo taken after the 3rd song.
At the time, his photo was just a photo (a very good photo) but history and the passage of time changes the meaning of images.
Those images are a lot more interesting than the recollections whiny fans complaining about photographers.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 11:39 AM
4:31: "Hey, I love Bob Gruen's work, but it must have been difficult to see shows or hang out at CBGBs with him and not to feel like, "well, there goes the scene." "
Are you saying Bob Gruen ruined CBGB's by photographing it?
If we are out to blame photographers for ruining music shows, let's just say fuck you to Henry Fox Talbot and Louis Daguerre. If they hadn't invented photography in the 1830's, then I wouldn't have flashes popping in my face, distracting me while I'm trying to enjoy Catpower or whatever.
Posted by Aaron | June 8, 2009 12:06 PM
This is AWESOME, I love he idea of blaming inventors for consequences centuries later...So may I please blame Eli Whitney (Cotton gin 1792)for that silly Zoey Deschanel "Fabric of our Lives" cotton jingle of current?
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 12:22 PM
Hell...I kinda wish some of my favorite show experiences (that happened to occur prior to the current advent of "everybody's got a digital camera") had been better documented, instead of me having no other choice but to forge them in my memory.
Posted by blackhat | June 8, 2009 12:38 PM
@ 12:22, yeah, good point!
Fuck you Alexander Graham Bell, if it weren't for you those goddamn telemarketers wouldn't be calling me in the middle of dinner!
Posted by Aaron | June 8, 2009 1:49 PM
vedder rules
Posted by Yaps | June 8, 2009 1:50 PM
MEHia Jospe
Ryan MEHR
Bao MEHGYN (how the eff do you say that anyways)
Chris MEH putt
Tim MEHffin
Lori MEHily
MEHtasha Ryan
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 1:57 PM
No photos from Kyle Reinford, though, who had been BV's go-to guy - hmm...
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 2:25 PM
No photos from Kyle MEHford, who had been BV's go-to-MEH, MEEHHHHHHHH.............
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 2:36.
Posted by The Angry Youth of Today | June 8, 2009 2:40 PM
How many people would still visit this blog if it completely stopped running live photos?
I wouldn't.
I am surprised at all of the photographer hate here considering the fact that BV is known for having the best live photo coverage.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 2:55 PM
Badges? We ain't got no badges. We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinking badges!
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 3:15 PM
Dudes, without pictures how would I know if I'd hit it?
Posted by Horny Guy | June 8, 2009 3:17 PM
To 1:57 I refer you to this previous BV post.
Posted by Bao | June 8, 2009 3:31 PM
I still want to know how Kurt Vile goes on at 11:00 at The Shank and War on Drugs goes on at 11:20 at Union Pool---is he no longer a member of War on Drugs or just doing a ten minute set?
Posted by TWB | June 8, 2009 4:27 PM
The point is how do these photos, blogs and their celebration in an artshow ADD or HELP TO CREATE the scene? Or are the blogs, like Fox News, merely trying to maintain a 24 hour news cycle. In its incessant need to find the next big thing (fill in the blank here, but we could start w/ any new fangled label, band, etc. being forwarded as the "hot" new vibe to catch), the blogs, and their photo-filler, take up a lot of space that, in the end, amounts to a lot of dead air and static between actual points of interest and high quality acts. I am not going to say which acts or photos are worthy of merit, but we should all remain suspicious of how the machine functions. Otherwise, we are just pawns in the game. Having a photo show documenting the aesthetic merit is one thing, but let's not confuse rock music photography w/ Magna or early documentary photography.
And yes, for those of us who've seen many scenes come and go, and the media hounds that invariably follow these developments, Bob Gruen's documentation signals a certain tipping point of sorts. Whether you think it's a good thing or bad thing, it's your value call.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 4:40 PM
4:40 probably spent a lot of time and effort writing that post. unfortunately for 4:40, it's one of those ramblings that only sounds provocative from the writer's perspective while he was "under the influence".
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 4:57 PM
"suspicious of how the machine functions"
I am suspicious. Like how does that machine called the Subway function? All I know is the doors open then close, then we seem to rattle on down the track through dark caverns...leaves me with a deep sense of suspicion. And as far as being "pawns in a game", would that game happen to be chess?
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 4:58."
The problems behind this method of protest were already discussed on this blog. Clearly, none of us want to go around pushing you people (on purpose) while you are holding your delicate items of great monetary value. We all know how you would react if your lifeblood smashed into pieces because of our petty little "movement".
Why don't you just not get in the way of us ticket trying to enjoy the show? Many other professional photographers do it - maybe learn something from them.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 5:01 PM
pawns
tastemakers
"hot new vibes"
new fangled LABELS
what is art?
suspicion
gov't
who are you really working for?
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 5:02 PM
4:58,
Great point. You are hilarious. So happy you've entered the conversation.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 6:02 PM
4:40.
shut it. have a beer. relax.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 8:33 PM
If 4:40 has a twitter account, he's gonna die of terminal hypocrisy.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 8:34 PM
"I will be the first to agree that there are TOO MANY PHOTOGRAPHERS EVERYWHERE and there are TOO MANY BAD PHOTOGRAPHS UP ON TOO MANY BLOGS, sometimes on this site"
Amen.
Posted by Anonymous | June 8, 2009 9:30 PM
With the exception of Bao and Lori, NONE of these photogs are anything special.
Posted by Anonymous | June 9, 2009 12:25 AM
with the exception of the 12:25 NONE of these comments are insightful.
Posted by Anonymous | June 9, 2009 1:41 AM
Being insightful is overrated, plus being inciteful is way more fun...
Posted by Anonymous | June 9, 2009 9:44 AM
12:25 - jealous much? :)
Posted by Anonymous | June 9, 2009 9:54 AM
"The point is how do these photos, blogs and their celebration in an artshow ADD or HELP TO CREATE the scene?"
Photographs document the events for the people that weren't there, and crystalize the memories of the event even for those that were. Photographs advertise the existence of the scene, romanticizing it, drawing in newcomers, for better and for worse.
I know a lot of people on here would love to have all of their favorite bands' shows advertised only by word-of-mouth and prefer that newcomers not already in the know just stay the fuck away from the cool events so that they don't ruin it for them, but seriously, did you crawl out of your mother's womb into the Market Hotel in the middle of a Deerhunter show?
This is the real world, we have these things called "photos" and "the internet" that are not going away. If annoying photographers are being pushy and bothering you at a show, let them know. And if they say "I'm working here", call bullshit on them and ask to see their press pass. I'm pretty sure most pushy "working photojournalists" at shows are really just "aspiring photojournalists/full-time egotists".
Posted by Aaron | June 9, 2009 12:43 PM
I realize that I love good live music photography because it's a way of getting a perspective on the performance, the performer(s) from more or less front-row view that I didn't have say from up a level or two at Radio City Music Hall for Dark was the Night. Sometimes with money or fast ticket purchases or early arrival at general admission, you still aren't guaranteed that close-up stage view.
Posted by Anonymous | June 9, 2009 5:32 PM
Does anybody know who this photographer is?
Posted by Anonymous | August 19, 2009 2:20 PM
Never seen her before. Most be a noob, esp with no lighting and a shitty reflector. Damn them for kicking a puppy
Posted by Anonymous | August 19, 2009 2:34 PM
Photographers can suck it- they're leeches, plain and simple, trying to take attention away from the real talent (the band) to fluff their ego while annoying practically EVERYONE who pays their hard earned money to get into a show. Seriously, they can fuck off!!!
PS- any "photographer" who shoots digitally is a fucking fraud and a cheater...professional photographers use film, so all you faggots remember that when you try to show off at your next event you try to shoot at with your whack ass canon 5D.
Posted by Anonymous | September 5, 2009 5:03 AM
haha- c'mon we all know that photographers are just like music writers: failed musicians or DJ's desperately looking to get attention in any other possible way they can...how sad...
Posted by Anonymous | September 5, 2009 1:18 PMArtist description:
Well, this is my first submission here! Whenever I used the guide layer then tried to ink, it didn't look right, so I decided to try and make a sketch look good. lol. So I'm new to mouse drawing and I'm pretty young so...yeah :P
Flash Draw Created Jun 09, 2007 470 x 338px Unless noted Copyright 2007 Voice.
We encourage you to submit a comment and let the artist know what you think of this drawing. Please log in or join to post a comment.
Nobody has commented on this drawing yet. Be the first!Weather
Find other Equestrian Clothing & Equipment...
$99.99 $89.99
WB Wave Quilt 210D Standard Neck Medium
WB Wave Quilt 210D Standard Neck Medium more
Related Searches:
Smith Brothers
Premier Raised Fancy Stitched Breastplate
Made from 3/4 wide, supple and beautifully crafted buffalo leather Features the raised fancy stitched pattern in matching havana thread Removable standing martingale attachment Nice for entry level shows, schooling or training Heavy duty hardware... more
$39.99
Schneider Saddlery
Joseph Sterling Raised Adjustable Breastplate with Running Martingale Attachment
The seven way adjustment and excellent fit makes this one of the most popular for schooling and the showring Finest English leather from J & E Sedgwick & Co., Ltd. Padded in the chest and wither Color: Chestnut Sizes: Full Size or Cob The seven way... more
$119.99
FREE shipping
Weatherbeeta Kool Coat Airstream Detach-a-neck Turnout Sheet
Keep your horse cool, clean and shield from the coat-fading sun and annoying insects. With 100% UV protection, the WeatherBeeta Kool Coat Airstream Detach-a-Neck Turnout Sheet prevents your horse´s coat from bleaching as it reflects the sun off your... more
$79.99 $62.99
Premier Raised Fancy Stitched Standing Martingale
Made from 3/4 wide, supple and beautifully crafted buffalo leather Features the raised fancy stitched pattern in matching havana thread Ample adjustment on breastplate and girth attachment Stainless steel buckles with a roller buckle on girth end Nice... more
$29.99
Wintec Chafeless Elastic Dressage Girth Black 28
Untitled Document Wintec Chafeless Elastic Dressage Girth Black 28 Valley Vet Supply 38504WTB343D001138 Textured, firm, flexible, slightly contoured elastic Dressage girth. Easy to clean, dries quickly. Stainless steel roller buckles. Shipping Shipping... more
$46.95
eBay
Weatherbeeta Saxon Soft Mesh Standard Neck Fly Sheet
In comfortable, breathable mesh, the Weatherbeeta Saxon Soft Mesh Standard Neck Fly Sheet features traditional shoulder gusset and an adjustable belly band. Twin chest straps and web leg straps. Polyester.Imported. more
$54.95 $49.99
Ads related to weatherbeetaMany third party payers will not reimburse for audiology or speech-language pathology services when the results of an evaluation are reported simply as within normal limits. These questions and answers describe how to use International Classification of Diseases, Ninth Edition, Clinical Modification (ICD-9-CM) codes when normal results are found and provides examples for major communication and related complaints that prompt the referral.
What if a speech-language pathologist or audiologist performs diagnostic testing that produces a normal result?
The signs and symptoms, chief complaint, or reason(s) for the encounter should be reported as the primary diagnosis. The audiologist or speech-language pathologist should also use additional codes that describe any co-existing or chronic conditions. Do not code conditions that were previously treated and no longer exist, although history codes may be used as secondary codes if the historical condition or family history has an impact on current care or influences treatment.
Are any instructions available on how to code when the results of an audiology or a speech-language assessment are normal?
The ICD-9-CM Official Guidelines for Coding and Reporting became effective on October 1, 2003. A description of how to report an uncertain diagnosis is found on page 48: "If the diagnosis documented at the time of discharge is qualified as 'probable', 'suspected', 'likely', 'questionable', 'possible', or 'still to be ruled out', code the condition as if it existed or was established. The bases for these guidelines are the diagnostic workup, arrangements for further workup or observation, and initial therapeutic approach that correspond most closely with the established diagnosis." The Official Guidelines are available on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Web site [PDF].
Has Medicare issued any instructions?
The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) issued ICD-9-CM Coding Guidelines for Diagnostic Tests in a Program Memorandum dated September 26, 2001 (Transmittal AB-01-144, Change Request 1724). This PM (now §10.1 of Chapter 23 of Medicare Claims Manual) directs practitioners to report diagnoses based on test results. In Section B., Instructions to Determine the Reason for the Test, CMS states that the Balanced Budget Act (BBA) required referring physicians to provide diagnostic information to the testing entity at the time the test is ordered. All diagnostic tests paid by CMS must be ordered by the physician who is treating the beneficiary. If the physician does not provide diagnostic information, and is unavailable to provide such information, it is appropriate to obtain the information directly from the patient or the patient's medical record. However, an attempt should be made to confirm any information obtained by the patient by contacting the referring physician.
Can you provide examples of signs and symptoms for voice disorders?
Can you provide examples of signs and symptoms for swallowing disorders?
Can you provide examples of signs or symptoms associated with aphasia of other expressive/receptive language disorders?
Do you have other examples of signs and symptoms that will be useful to audiologists?
Where can I obtain a list of the ICD-9-CM codes for audiologists and speech-language pathologists?
You may access a list of ICD-9-CM codes online [PDF]. For comprehensive speech and hearing related ICD-9 and CPT coding information, we recommend the Health Plan Coding and Claims Guide. The complete ICD-9-CM is available in medical libraries, medical center billing offices, or may be purchased online.
Questions about coding can be sent to reimbursement@asha.org.
Return to ICD-9 Diagnosis Codes MainI read, hear, and even write a lot about “techniques” that are supposed to improve schools and classroom instruction. Often times, professional development books and workshops (and teacher hand-outs at staff meetings) are filled with zillions of them — how to use multiple intelligences, technology, specific instructional strategies with students that have special needs, etc.
These techniques are obviously important.
I wonder, though, if we teachers and our students, schools, and districts might be better off if we spent a little more time focusing on — for lack of being able to come up with better terms — our “cultural orientations” or basic “ways of thinking”?
What am I talking about?
Please bear with me as share my thinking on all this. Usually, I don’t post a piece like this which is more of a “process post” — I don’t necessarily have as much clarity as I would like, and, instead, am sharing my thoughts and hoping that feedback from readers will helping move my thinking along.
Last week marked the 100th anniversary of Peter Drucker’s birth. Drucker was the renowned business and management philosopher, writer, theorist, analyst. His thinking also says a lot to community organizing (my previous career) and teaching (my present one) Someone (and I’m sorry that I can’t remember who) wrote about National Public Radio’s coverage of this anniversary, which pointed out that his most important idea.
When I’m talking about a “cultural orientation” or “way of thinking,” I think mean something like what Drucker meant. But something more than “whatever is good for kids.”
I’d like to give three examples of what I mean — in the classroom, in a school and, in the context of schools connecting with parents.
IN A CLASSROOM
In the first part of each school year, in most of my classes I lead a discussion with students asking what they want our class to be — “A Community of Learners” or a “Classroom of Students.” I write about this more extensively in my book “Teaching English Language Learners: Strategies That Work” (which will be out next summer), but I’ll give a short description here.
I write the two columns on the overhead and give some examples of the difference between the two. In a classroom of students, a teacher does most of the talking. In a Community Of Learners, students work in small groups and are co-teachers. In a “classroom” people laugh when others make mistakes, while in a “community” people are supported when they take risks. In a “classroom” the teacher has to be always be the one to keep people focused, while in a “community” students take responsibility to keep themselves focused.
Most students say their previous classes had been more like a “Classroom of Students.” I ask students to share what other differences they might see between the two types. Here are a couple of examples students said this year:
In a “classroom” “students start a fight and end up hurting each other.” In a “community” “they don’t start a fight, they talk it out.”
In a “classroom” “the only way to succeed is doing exactly what the teacher says.” In a “community” “you have more than one choice in succeeding.”
After adding to the list, students then decide which one they’d rather have. No one has every chosen a “classroom of students.”
By starting with this basic “cultural orientation” or “way of thinking,” students developed their own ways of approaching (I guess you could almost call it their own “techniques”) how the class would operate. It provided a framework for looking at numerous issues throughout the whole school year, and respected their judgment and wants.
IN A SCHOOL:
Ted Appel has done a tremendous job working with teachers over the past few years at our school to develop a “cultural orientation” or “way of thinking.” Basically, it’s not acceptable for students to not do well — everybody succeeds. That way of thinking operates almost universally among the faculty, and is amazingly prevalent among students as well.
Our tutoring project, where students hire (and fire) teachers of their choice, is an example of this way of thinking. We didn’t set-up an after-school tutoring center and then blame the students for not showing-up. Ted and our staff began with the thinking that some students needed help, and looked at what were the barriers to them getting the most effective assistance they could get so they could do well and thought outside the box.
IN A PARENT ENGAGEMENT STRATEGY
In my book, Building Parent Engagement In Schools, I highlight the differences between parent involvement and parent engagement. Some of those differences include the primary “involvement” tool schools use is their mouths to talk, while the primary “engagement” tool is their ears to listen. Involvement is often about one-way communication, while engagement can be about two-way conversation. The invitation to involvement is often “irritating” — challenging parents to do something the schools want them to do, while with engagement it’s often “agitation” — challenging parents to do something that they say they want to do.
Obviously a few examples are useful to illustrate each of those parent engagement elements, but if schools are committed to that kind of criteria, they can judge their own possible actions against them. They don’t necessarily need a long laundry list of what they should or shouldn’t do.
I guess all I’m wondering is how many schools and districts are skipping looking these big kinds of cultural orientations or ways of thinking?
I wonder if there should be more of an investment in developing our compasses instead of giving us road maps?
What do you think?
November 24, 2009 at 1:27 am
Great post, Larry – and nice to see you pondering and musing! These are the real little gems on your blog (though the rest of course is gold!).
Thanks for sharing and challenging us all to think,
~ Jason
November 24, 2009 at 6:25 am
Your post echoes a discussion I had yesterday with my academic coach and I made connections with what I have been learning about Whole Brain Teaching. I teach in one of the toughest elementary schools in my district and feel on most days that I am in a classroom as opposed to being in a learning community. Your words, as well as those of my coach, encourage me. I feel that I can make changes in my classroom to help it transition from classroom to community. I will be sharing your post with the faculty and administration in my building in the hopes that we can make some changes school-wide. Thank you.
November 24, 2009 at 1:59 pm
I know of schools that do say they have a culture, and come up with a culture, and many work towards the culture, but what strikes me is how difficult it is to do all of the work necessary to make it a reality. Like you have high expectation that all students succeed, but there are specific programs making sure that everything your school is doing supports that.
Questions schools have to ask themselves: Are you providing the support and extra-curricular activities that make that a reality? Are those activities aligned towards supporting both that goal and academics?
I think you need both a desire (a child-centered curriculum, everyone succeeds, no excuses), a destination (study units that kids design and build, 85% of students at 85% of grade level, no child left behind), along with a map (materials, curriculum, instruction, guiding questions), a compass (informal assessment), Triple-A TourBook (supplemental materials and services) and some GPS (summative assessments) when you’re working in a high poverty school. Unless you have all of those aligned, you’re talking, but the kids aren’t walking towards that goal.Bank of America currently rejects debit card items that would make your balance go below zero, but Finextra reports they’re going to test out a new system that sends you a text message when you’re about to overdraft. The message will give you the option to let the transaction go through and incur an overdraft fee. [More]Liberty Global is to create a new UK plc as part of its $23.3billion (€17.23 billion) acquisition of Virgin Media.
The cash and stock deal is valued at $47.87 per share offer, extending Liberty Global’s reach to over 25 million customers, and cementing its position as Europe’s leading cable operator.
As part of the acquisition, Liberty Global will redomicile from Delaware to the UK by becoming a subsidiary of a new holding company, a UK plc. Liberty Global’s current headquarters and other principal offices will remain in place.
Liberty’s content arm Chellomedia is already based in south-west London.
Liberty Global will be listed on NASDAQ and the existing board will continue to run the company with the addition of one Virgin Media director. A European listing is also under consideration.”.
Once the deal is approved the majority of Liberty Global’s revenues will come from five countries; the UK, Germany, Switzerland, the Netherlands, and Belgium, where Liberty is currently in a tussle to take full control of the Telenet business.
Liberty Global also controls the vast majority of cable networks in the Republic of Ireland.
The Virgin brand will be maintained in the UK, rather than taking the UPC moniker used by Liberty Global on the continent.
Virgin Media CEO Neil Berkett said: ‘Over.”
Virgin Media was created in February 2007 from NTL and Telewest, the final move in the consolidation of UK cable.
NTL was established in 1991 as an investment vehicle under the name International Cabletel. In 1996 it acquired National Transcommunications Limited (NTL), which had been formed out of the old Independent Broadcasting Authority engineering division and included the transmission business now known as Arqiva.
Telewest traced its routes back to 1984 and the United Artists cable network. It took on the Telewest moniker after the 1991 merger with US West (a US telco bought in 2000 by AT&T).
As of September 30, 2012, Virgin had 4,851,000 consumer cable customers.via Fat White Man
This is what it's all about, kill or be killed. Only real men can survive one of these encounters. The fact that, unless you're a cop or a drug dealer, the chances of running into one of these situations are about the same as experiencing a meteorite strike, has nothing to do with it. This is what we dream about. This is what we prepare for.
Gun sure was not a magic talisman for Mr. deserved to be drawn in close and shot in the head three times.
So Mikey, nothing about how the po-po was not justified in shooting this retarded reprobate three times in the head after all he had just tazered this douche-bag to no effect... shouldn't he have used some other non-lethal means to subdue, he didn't have to shoot him in the head three times.
Not at all, I though it was a good clean defensive shoot. I thought the cop was unbelievable heroic and I was in awe of his strength and will to survive.
What I question is your using stories like this to justify your fetish. I think that's silly. The fantasy of some day finding yourself in a kill-or-be-killed situation is the stuff of delusion.Fatal farm crash ruled accidental
Posted
A coroner has found the death of a 19-year-old farm worker near Mildura was accidental.
Lani Taylor was working at Nangiloc in 2011 when her four-wheel farm vehicle rolled, crushing and killing her.
Coroner Richard Wright found the vehicle Ms Taylor was driving was relatively safe and it is the only fatal accident involving this type of agricultural vehicle in Australia.
Topics: courts-and-trials, accidents, workplace, nangiloc-3494, mildura-3500[JUR $60 million of illicit gains, and illegally made campaign contributions in other peoples' names in violation of the Federal Election Campaign Act [text]. Hsu formerly raised funds for political candidates, including Sen. Hillary Clinton. Earlier this month, Clinton agreed [Chronicle report] to return $850,000 she received from Hsu.
The FBI arrested [press release] Hsu in Colorado on federal charges of unlawful flight to avoid prosecution after Hsu failed to appear for a bail hearing in California on unrelated fraud charges on September 5. AP has more.Restoretheshore.com and Hometown Heroes Accountability Report
In the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy, the Jersey Shore has seen a massive influx of donations and support.
Here at Restoretheshore.com, we chose to help Hometown Heroes, an established non-profit that has been doing charitable work in the area for many years.
We feel that it is important to assure those who support us that their donations are being put to good use locally, while also protecting the dignity and privacy of our neighbors whom we are assisting.
Of the money spent by Hometown Heroes on Superstorm Sandy relief thus far, the majority has been in the form of grocery and home improvement store gift cards, provided to local residents to assist with feeding their families and rebuilding their homes.
Below is a list of specific, need-based assistance that Hometown Heroes has provided. We will continue to update the list so that you can donate with confidence:
- $944 to help a single mom with three children pay rent in Jackson.
- $1,000 to a single father in Manasquan for expenses.
- $625.24 to pay the gas bill of a single mom who lost wages due to the storm.
- $700 to purchase beds for a Seaside Heights family who lost their home.
- $1,950 to pay the security deposit on a new rental for a currently homeless woman.
- $1,000 for an elderly Seaside Park couple who lost all of their possessions.
- $1,000 for supplies for a displaced family with two children.
- $1,200 to replace furniture for an Ocean Gate family with six children who lost their home.
- $1,500 towards rebuilding for an Ocean Gate resident who had three feet of water in their home and no flood insurance.
- $1,000 to help an Ocean Gate family with two children rebuild.
- $1,000 for supplies to a married couple in Toms River with a flood damaged home.
- $1,000 for a Manchester family with one child and another on the way to cover supplies.
- $2,500 for a security deposit on a rental for a Toms River family with three children.
- $1,000 to replace the furnace of a family’s home in Brick.
If you or someone you know is in need of assistance from Hometown Heroes, please fill out a help request. If you are interesting in helping, please visit the official Hometown Heroes website to make a safe and secure donation.I was raised on the streets of New York City in a neighborhood which was located in the slums. The number one lesson of life I learned was never, never, to wise off or flirt with a girl whose boy friend could beat the hell out of me. Ivan Agatanov, a nineteen year old idiot, flirted with a girl, and when she spurned his advances, Ivan the big mouth, insulted her. Alas for Ivan, her boy friend, Rasual Mirzayev, was a champion in four martial arts, and he proceeded to give the not-too-bright Ivan a blow to the head that sent him off to sleep forever in the hereafter.
The death of a football fan at the hands of a Muslim martial arts champion was too much for Russian ultra-nationalists. They are uniting to fight the new enemy-Muslims who defend their girl friends against unwarranted approaches. Police fear new outbreaks of violence in which many will be injured.
Please, learn the lessons we were taught many years ago. Keep your mouth shut when interacting with a girl whose boy friend is a gangster or who can beat the hell out of you.By Dan King - Newcastle United Digital Editor
Newcastle's FA Youth Cup third round tie against Barnsley will take place at Oakwell next month.
The draw was made last week and it has now been confirmed that the match will kick off at 7pm on Tuesday, 17th December.
All ties are due to be played before Saturday, 21st December.
Dave Watson's side will be hoping to do better than last year, when they were handed a tough tie at Arsenal in the third round and lost 3-0.
The year before that, they reached the quarter-finals before losing on penalties to Blackburn at St. James' Park.
Ticket prices will be £1 for everyone, with the proceeds being donated to Barnsley Hospice.NFL will hold 'Super Regional Combine' in Hawaii
The National Football League announced Thursday that it will have a “Super Regional Combine” in Honolulu in January 2013, just days before the annual Pro Bowl game at Aloha Stadium.
The league will hold the combine at the University of Hawaii on Jan. 24-25, one of several regional combines to be held around the country. The 2013 Pro Bowl, which pits players from the American Football Conference and National Football Conference against each other, will be played on Jan. 27.
“The NFL Regional Combines program provides players — who may not have had the chance before — the opportunity to work out for NFL personnel executives,” Ray Anderson, NFL executive vice president of football operations, said in a statement.
The announcement comes after the NFL and the Hawaii Tourism Authority began working with business leaders last month to boost the Pro Bowl’s economic impact on local businesses and the state, market the game overseas — especially in Asia — and possibly sign a long-term deal with the league to keep the game in Honolulu. The state pays the NFL $4 million a year to host the game, and last year’s game generated more than $25 million for Hawaii’s economy, according to the HTA.
The NFL said the combines are geared for players who are eligible for the 2013 NFL draft. That includes players with collegiate playing experience and players with some professional experience who have been out of the game for some time. The players will be tested and evaluated by NFL scouting personnel and their results will be shared with the 32 NFL teams. Standouts at the combines will be invited to the NFL Super Regional Combine at Cowboys Stadium in Arlington, Texas, April 7-8. Scouts from all the teams and player personnel directors will attend the combine in Tex.”.
India’s new megacorps—Tatas, Jindals, Essar, Reliance—are those who’ve moved to the head of the spigot that’s spewing money extracted from inside the earth..
Young Dalit scholars who accept grantsfrom. Ancestors of Africa built the pyramids which even in this 21st century no one can reproduce. Africans built the city of Memphis in ancient Egypt in 3100 B.C. Greeks built Athens in 1200 B.C. The Romans built Rome in 1000 B.C.). Africans invented writing. It was Hieroglyphics before 3000 B.C. and Hieratic alphabet shortly after this. Demotic writing was developed about 6OO B.C., while a Kushite script was used in 300 B.C. Other African scripts were Merotic, Coptic, Amharic, Sabean, G’eez, Nsibidi of Nigeria and Mende of Mali. There were many others such as the Twi alphabet of the Twi people of Ghana., in 1990, Dr. Gert Viljoen who was F.W. de Klerk’s Minister of Constitutional Affairs gave reasons why his apartheid colonialist regime would not negotiate with those African revolutionaries who subscribed to the Azanian school of thought. over 2 million of its people to slavery February 26,.’ And now, the usurping Jewish entity innoc, a revolutionary and four-decade resistor of Zionism and Western domination loved dearly by his people, despicable,” then Thomas Isidore Noël Sankara, the Burkinabé revolutionary, Pan-Africanist and righteous undisfounded fallen Burkinabé hero’s widow, Mariam Sankara, declared with her head held high, “What remains above all of my husband is his integrity.” Indeed.revolutions it out before you wake up one morning to the cruel jackboot of Jewish cultural imperialism stepping on your soul, with no Fela Anikulapo Kuti to remind you of the “Zombie” that now personifies your very existence.Sri Lankan monks storm government office in "Hollywood Buddha" protest(AFP, September 15, 2004)
Dozens of Buddhist monks stormed a Sri Lankan government office urging the authorities to act over a controversial film poster which has enraged the religion's followers.
The monks rushed Sri Lanka's Buddhist affairs ministry in the latest protest against the "Hollywood Buddha" poster, which shows the film's producer sitting on a Buddha statue.
Dozens of monks had already staged a demonstration outside the US embassy here, with similar protests taking place in Thailand.
But Buddhist affairs ministry secretary D.W. Abeywickrama said the continuing protests were just giving the film free publicity.
"The controversy has given them free publicity internationally," he said, adding that the script of the movie did not insult Buddhism and that US-based French producer Philippe Caland had withdrawn the poster and apologised.
Foreign ministry officials said they sent copies of Caland's apology to local newspapers to calm the majority Buddhist community.
"Those who are protesting today have not informed themselves of the development," Abeywickrama said.
A website promoting the movie carries a tiny version of the offending poster but says a new poster will be released later this month to coincide with the movie's premier.
Disclaimer: WWRN does not
endorse or adhere to views or opinions expressed in the articles posted.
This is purely an information site, to inform interested parties of religious
trends.Help AsiaNews | About us | P.I.M.E. |
Rss | Newsletter | Mobile
Hanoi (AsiaNews) - After being subjected to insults and beatings, the parishioners of Dong Chiem now see the attack being denied. Vice-Chairman of the People's Committee of My Duc, Nguyen Van Hau, speaking to the state VNA agency has denied that "local authorities attacked the faithful."
Hau gave a reconstruction of the story, saying that the cross blown up with explosives had been "illegally built" on the hill called Nui Tho. "The construction violates land laws" and the hill, he said, lies not on parish land, but on that of the People's Committee of An Phu. "The construction of the cross without the permission of the responsible authorities – he concluded- is a violation of the ordinance on belief and religion."
In the official reconstruction, "local authorities attempted to resolve the issue with a series of discussions with the parish from March to December, but found no cooperation."
Following a script that has been used in the past, yesterday's newspaper, the New Hanoi, requested the immediate and severe punishment of those responsible for "false allegations" designed to "distort the social, political and economic situation of Vietnam and denounce human rights violations by the government. "
In response to the authority’s assertion, Father John Le Trong Cung, vice-chancellor of the archdiocese of Hanoi, reaffirmed that "the hill has always been on parish grounds since its inception, more than one hundred years ago." "The crucifix - added the parish priest, Father Nguyen Van Huu – has been there for years. Last year we only consolidated, but it was already there. "
Of not was the report written by the head of the Communist Party of Dong Chiem, Lieu, who confirmed the attack on the parishioners and disagreed with the destruction of the cross.This shirt is also new. I love the print! The little birds are so pretty.
On an unrelated note: look at Nelly and Izzy!! Aren't they adorable?!
The Breakdown:
Outfit:
Button-up Shirt: George Yazbeck for Gordon Peters, Thrifted ($4.50)
Purple Tank Top (underneath): Urban Outfitters, Sale ($5)
Cigarette Jeans: BDG, Urban OUtfitters, Sale ($39)
Boots: Victoria's Secret ($80)
Accessories:
Bag: Harajuku Lovers, Thrifted (approx. $10)
Earrings: Express (approx. $5)
Headband/Scarf: H&M, Gift ($0)
Glasses: Anna Sui
Have a good weekend! The Husband and I are eating Vegetarian Chili and playing Animal Crossing on Wii!- 2015
2011 Toyota Tacoma
- For SaleToyota Tacoma
- RepairsToyota Tacoma
#2
in 2011 Compact Pickup Trucks
Avg. Price Paid: $13,878 - $25,152
Original MSRP: $16,365 - $27,525
MPG: 21 City / 25 Hwy
2011 Toyota Tacoma Specs & Trims
Select up to 3 trims below to compare some key specs and options for the 2011 Toyota Tacoma. For full details such as dimensions, cargo capacity, suspension, colors, and brakes, click on a specific Tacoma trim.
- For more fun on wheels for little ones, explore our huge range of balance bikes, trikes and ride-ons.
Image Unavailable
Colour:
Dimensions of item: 101.5 x 43.5 x 66 cm
Brilliant!!!! Daughter is now 5 and this is a Bigger version of the toddler bike she had.....very sturdy.
One happy girl.!!!
Just a refurbished electric version stripped down. Ignore the rrp. It's accurately priced.Published 2 months ago by Andy Smout
Two grandsons 5&6 years are delighted with these very sturdy and easy to balance.Published 4 months ago by Rich g
Simply awesome quality! Ordered it for my 4 years old. It's his Xmash wish list :).Published 4 months ago by SybAdvertisement
Menstruation Video
A fertilized egg develops into a baby inside the uterus. Most of the time, however, an egg is not ...
Read the full transcript
Publisher:
Browse Most Popular Videos
Advertisement
Copyright © 2005 - 2015 Healthline Networks, Inc. All rights reserved for Healthline. Healthline is for informational purposes and should not be considered medical advice, diagnosis or treatment recommendations. Terms of Use | Privacy PolicyCalling All Explorers!
Calling All Explorers!
Embark on a wine adventure with the Albarino Explorers Club-watering!average, so there isn’t a pressing need for yet another starter.
The.
So why do I think Dempster is needed? Well it’s not about Dempster specifically, but I think the interest in a quality pitcher does make sense.
While Kershaw is an ace of the highest level, the five pitchers behind him are a bunch of middle or back of the rotation type of arms. Plus, since they currently own the best record in baseball, the interest in a #2 type like Dempster for a playoff run makes sense. Honestly, does anybody really feel comfortable in a playoff series where the team must pick three out of Capuano, Billingsley, Harang, and Lilly? I don’t and Dempster would slot in perfectly behind Kershaw as both a #2 starter type and a right-hander.
SIERA has shown to be the most predictive of future performance, and Dempster would certainly provide a gigantic boost as the #2, upgrading a four-man rotation by 0.54 runs or a five-man rotation by 1.10.
The cost to acquire Dempster is a different issue altogether, but as an idea, it’s certainly understandable that the team would go after arms like Dempster in an attempt to solidify the rotation to make a run at both the playoffs and the World Series.
—–
As an aside, you can see why it’s utterly hilarious to me when people suggest that Chad Billingsley should get removed from the rotation.
Yeah, remove your third best pitcher from the equation, way to go.- My rating:
- Avg. Rating:1 Note / 0 Ratings
- (Click stars to rate)
- Type: After Dinner wine
- Varietal:Sémillon
- Country: USA
- Region: Not Available
- Appellation: South Eastern Australia
- Winery: De Bortoli
- Designation: Deen De Bortoli Vat 5 Botrytis.$15.00 Out of stock
Quantity:
De Bortoli Sémillon - 2006(WE-83198)
* Expert NoteJanuary 12, 2012
De Bortoli make perhaps the finest botrytis Sémillon in Australia, and even this version is a pretty tasty drop. The fruity smooth red Rich Sweet napa Chardonnay cabernet Pinot Noir earthy Sauvignon Blanc Malbec cabernet sauvignon syrah MerlotAcupuncture in migraine prophylaxis: a randomized sham-controlled trial
Article first published online: 7 FEB 2006
DOI: 10.1111/j.1468-2982.2006.01062.x
Issue
Cephalalgia
Volume 26, Issue 5, pages 520–529, May 2006
Additional Information
How to Cite
Alecrim-Andrade, J., Maciel-Júnior, J., Cladellas, X., Correa-Filho, H. and Machado, H. (2006), Acupuncture in migraine prophylaxis: a randomized sham-controlled trial. Cephalalgia, 26: 520–529. doi: 10.1111/j.1468-2982.2006.01062.x
Publication History
- Issue published online: 7 FEB 2006
- Article first published online: 7 FEB 2006
- Received 11 January 2005, accepted 18 July 2005
- Abstract
- Article
- References
- Cited By
Keywords:
- Acupuncture;
- efficacy;
- headache;
- migraine;
- prophylaxis;
- randomized controlled trial
The purpose of the present trial was to evaluate semi-standardized acupuncture efficacy in migraine prophylaxis. Twenty-eight subjects with migraine were randomized to the real or sham acupuncture groups. Semi-standardized and standardized minimal acupuncture were used, respectively, in the two groups of patients. They were all treated with 16 acupuncture sessions in 12 weeks. Both groups exhibited similar reductions in: percentage of patients with reduction of migraine ≥ 40% and ≥ 50% regarding frequency of migraine attacks, days with migraine, frequency of migraine attacks, average duration of a migraine attack, rate of rescue medication used, average headache severity rate and other parameters compared with the baseline period. Associated symptoms, such as nausea and vomiting, also showed equal estimates in both groups. These findings showed that semi-standardized acupuncture shows no difference from sham acupuncture in preventing migraine attacks.Hey guys!
So I'll admit it...I'm a sucker for a sweet bag whether it be Gucci, Louis Vuitton or Prada! But while I love the designer satchels, I'm also a baller on a budget...and sometimes I find that E-Bay is my best and most affordable option.
Unfortunately, I've been burned by E-bay before. Years ago, I logged on, looking to find an authentic Louis Vuitton Speedy Bag...
...to add to my wardrobe. I thought I was lucky when I scored what was described as an 'authentic' Louis off E-bay for a steal. The pictures seemed fine online, but when I received the bag...
...and took a quick look at the details....
...it was obvious that the bag was totally fake! I was incensed, and tried to go back to the seller. When I logged back on, I found that the person had deleted their profile! Can we say pissed!?!
Well, I was relieved when Robin Givhan reported a few weeks ago about a site called.
It calls itself, "the only online auction marketplace truly devoted to the luxury brand legacy." It strictly auctions off authentic bags, jewelry, and shoes, and has a 30 day return policy. Their prices might be higher, but at least you can be sure of what you're buying.
I looked and found several decent bags starting off at reasonable offering prices (considering these bags can cost thousands of dollars retail):
This Marc Jacobs Collection Venetia Light Pink Satchel Bag retails for $700...
...but you can bid on it starting at $151.
This Louis Vuitton Bedford Fuchsia Vernis Monogram Purse Handbag retails for $1180...
...but you can place your bids starting at $255.
And this $455 Gucci GG Monogram Club Ready Pochette Handbag....
...starts bidding at a very affordable $100.
Portero.com also has gently used shoes, wallets, and jewelry! Prices are a bit steep, but you can rest assured that you won't waste your money on fake items!
Beats eBay!
Smootches!
PS Read Robin Givhan's full article on Portero here
PSS Not all my e-bay purchases have been duds. Now when buying on ebay, I follow these 2 rules:
1. For designer bags, always go for vintage. You can't find the newfangled bags at a discount unless you hit up Saks or a sample sale.
2. Don't buy from China! I hate to say it, but I've been to China, and I know they've got some great fakes...so if you're buying from someone over there, chances are increased that they're trying to pass off a fake as real!
My two cents...
PSS Don't forget the Barney's Sale my NY and LA ladies...
I'll be there!
9 comments:
I love this! great site.
I hate fakes! Oh my god they scratch my nerves...and I never ever trust ebay...its way too iffy for my liking...I like to go straight to the store /boutique so theres never a question of authenticity...but portero is cool b/c they actually check the merchandise
i bought a vintage gucci from ebay, but did you know that there are even vintage fakes out there? so i double and triple checked that the style and the bag was authentic before i bought it. in general though, i stay away from ebay and stick to REPUTABLE designer resale sites and stores, and the vast amount of vintage stores we have in nyc. i found a gorgeous louis vuitton speedy in a vintage store on the lower east side.
That sucks! Sometimes Ebay has some good finds, but the one thing I hate is very rarely are the bags not fakes. *Sigh*.
By the way, I love your site!
sloane...was it the consignment store INA? If not, do you remember the name of the store?
Yeah, I remember Claire said she saw a vintage Louis at Ina
yannize, it was in a store called poppet.
Ma'am!!! I bought a "Authenitc Gucci" on E-Bay and of course it was a fake...highly disappointed when I received it. I thought I was getting an excellent deal, but just got ripped off. Thanks for the heads up on portero.com!!! Your blog is awesome...I enjoy reading it when it comes out.
You can buy authentic from ebay, you just have to know what to look for and study the real thing so that you know. I always search for vintage, but even then, I scrutinize the details. I've bought 2 Louis Vuitton items from ebay, and had them all authenticated in an LV store.
Yannize, try Phish For the Hip on 18th St bet 6th and 7th ave. But INA is pretty good. And don't forget Tokyo 7 on 7th St bet 2nd and 1st.- Food
- Family
- Style
-
- Series and Features
- Love & Sex
- Work/Life
- DIY
- Health
- Entertainment
- News
- Blogging
Nautical Transition
By Fashion Me Fabulous on March 14, 2014
BlogHer Network
Lately, I've been dressing like naval signal flags -- primary colors and straight lines. Snow will be falling for a few more weeks, and spring's first steps out will no doubt be bitter and blustery. This cold weather nautical seems like a nice way of sticking it to winter without teasing myself with the optimism of florals. . . .
Read more from Nautical Transition at Fashion Me Fabulous.Holiday dance fare doesn't have to mean icy fairylands. Sita Ram simmers with the crowds, noise, and brilliant colors of India. Like the original production, which debuted at Lookingglass Theatre in 2006, this remount is a collaborative effort by Chicago Children's Choir, Natya Dance Theatre, and Lookingglass member David Kersnar, featuring no less than 110 singers, 32 dancers, 12 actors in principal roles, and 23 acrobats. Grammy-nominated composer Jai Uttal mined the world's music for his commissioned score, taking inspiration from Indian, African, Caribbean, and U.S. sources, including gospel, rap, and the blues. Krithika Rajagopalan's choreography is similarly wide-ranging—a blend of bharatanatyam and contemporary Western styles that communicates the emotional content of a moral tale.
Based on an ancient Hindu epic, the Ramayana, the dynamic story features two deities that have come to earth and taken human form as Princess Sita and Prince Rama. They're separated by the demon Ravana, an incarnation of corporate America—er, material wealth and power, anyway. So there's a timely message, as well as a divine love story and plenty of comic relief, mostly supplied by the monkey god and his roving bands of chattering simians.Congregation Data
Name:
Moses Moore's Synagogue
Address:
66
Government.National Review Slams RNC Autopsy Share Tweet Pin-it Bookmark Comment Newscom ByTom KludtPublishedMarch 19, 2013, 7:29 AM EDT 11548 views In a tough editorial published online Tuesday, the conservative National Review took aim at the much-ballyhooed post-mortem of the 2012 campaign put forth by the Republican National Committee. The editorial writers argued the RNC's report, titled the "Growth and Opportunity Project," failed to identify "the source of the GOP’s recent electoral woes" and didn't offer a viable change of course. The editorial was particularly critical on specific policy proposals, namely the RNC's approach to the issue of immigration reform..Interactions of sovereign debt management with monetary conditions and financial stability
Abstract
The financial crisis dramatically altered the environment in which sovereign debt managers and central banks had to operate. The interactions of sovereign debt management (SDM) with monetary conditions and financial stability was heightened in these historically unusual circumstances.
This report discusses the implications of these interactions for central banks. It was prepared by a Study Group chaired by Paul Fisher of the Bank of England.
The report concludes that in such circumstances, or where financial systems are still developing, there is benefit in debt managers taking a broad view of cost and risk. Central banks can likewise benefit from keeping abreast of SDM activities. Recent experience confirms that medium-term strategic outcomes for the maturity structure and risk characteristics of outstanding debt do matter, for financial stability in particular. This underscores the importance of close communication among the relevant agencies, yet with each agency maintaining independence and accountability for its respective role, consistent with internationally agreed principles for sovereign debt management.Should you practice yoga together in a group or on your own?
Practicing yoga in a group class brings people together in community, it helps motivate and inspire you to have a consistent practice. That said, yoga can be a very personal experience when you need it to be, and developing a practice at home solo can be a great way to take your practice to new and different places.
At some point, every student of yoga will want to develop their own home practice which can be a very creative and enjoyable experience and one where you develop your own distinct relationship to the art form of yoga.
The only down side of a home practice is that you do not have a teacher present to see you practice and help you with adjustments and verbal cues, especially if you’re just getting started. A teacher can help you improve your form, which can help you go deeper or gain therapeutic relief in poses.
But let’s face it, sometimes our busy lives simply don’t allow us to make it to class. Not to mention, when it’s just you, it can be challenging to stay motivated to get on your mat. We’ll use any excuse not to practice!
For this reason, I highly recommend, an online service that brings world-class teachers into your home, hotel room, or wherever your busy life may take you.
YogaGlo has classes as short as 5 minutes or as long as 120. (Becoming a member of yogaglo.com is free for the first 15 days, and then costs only $18 a month – the price of a single class at most studios. I teach on the site too, so I hope to see you there!)
If you’ve been wondering about practicing yoga at home, either on your own or guided by an online class and were not sure how to start, the first thing to do is to establish a space in your home where you can roll out a sticky yoga mat.
You can have a lot of fun creating a sacred sanctuary of your own.
CREATING YOUR SPACE
Here are some ideas to get you started and help you make your home studio most practical and appealing:
- Find or create a clean, uncluttered space with plenty of natural light, preferably with plenty of wall space so you can do inversions!
- A wooden floor is ideal.
- A low table to place sacred objects such as crystals, photographs of loved ones or teachers, candles, fresh flowers, or objects from nature (anything that holds value and meaning for you).
- A simple container to house yoga props such as blocks, blankets, mats and straps.
- A music system for ambient music (can be a simple speaker you connect to your smart phone). If it helps, create a playlist that motivates you to stretch and breathe
- A bookshelf to hold books about yoga, nutrition, spirituality
- A low laying chair to curl up on with a book
Disclaimer! Never wait for your yoga space to be perfect before practicing yoga. Even if your sanctuary is not exactly how you would like it to be, it’s better to practice than to wait for the perfect set up or décor. Getting on the mat is far more valuable, even if the surroundings aren’t quite there yet!
Have you created a home yoga practice space in your home? Do you have a home yoga practice? Share your ideas and insights in the comments below!Like
Shoot to Thrill - An AC/DC Tribute on Facebook!
An authentic tribute of
AC/DC that covers the best of the Bon Scott era and the best of Brian Johnson's
material.
As the ad went, there’s baseball, apple pie and Chevrolet. When we think of baseball, it’s often in the context as a wholly American experience, so it’s not surprising that on patriotic holidays, Major League Baseball promotes it.
As was the case on Memorial Day, tomorrow on Independence Day, players will wear specially designed “Stars & Stripes” caps from New Era. This marks the sixth consecutive year that the league has done this with it benefiting ongoing fundraising and awareness initiatives for Welcome Back Veterans, which addresses the needs of returning veterans and their families.
According to the league and New Era, the caps will have the American flag etched into the team’s logo, with white or gray crowns and blue or red brims and buttons (the Toronto Blue Jays hat will once again incorporate a Maple Leaf design instead of the “Stars & Stripes”).
Feed Entries
valid XHTML and CSS.IRAQ. The Ministry of Oil of Iraq has signed an Implementation agreement for the construction under BOO terms of the Refinery of Karbala with RKC (Refinery of Karbala Corporation Ltd.)
The new Refinery will have a daily capacity of 200,000 barrels of Crude Oil and will produce high quality, high octane gasoline (regular and premium) as well diesel fuel for the domestic market.
“Karbala Refinery will be located 100km south of Baghdad on a 6 square kilometer plot of land, and will be the most advanced state of the art refinery with almost full conversion rate and with an estimated cost of US$ 6.5 billion” said Dean Michael, CEO of Karbala Refinery.
RKC has committed to commence production in 48 months from the final contract date. With the entrance in production of the Refinery of Karbala the Ministry of Oil will be able to largely supply the domestic market with better quality gasoline and diesel products.Fri, May 22, 2015, 6:20AM EDT - U.S. Markets open in 3 hrs 10 mins
TOM TAILOR Holding AG, an integrated fashion and lifesytle company, provides casual wear and accessories for women, men, young adults, and children under the TOM TAILOR and BONITA brand names. It operates through three segments: TOM TAILOR wholesale, TOM TAILOR Retail, and BONITA. The company offers products for target groups primarily between the ages of 0 to 40, including fashionable clothing for men and women; minis and baby products; and clothing for children and teens. It provides denim and denim lifestyle products, such as T-shirts, sweatshirts, shirts, pants, sweaters, trousers, knitwear, and jackets; and sportswear, including pullovers, polo shirts, sports jackets, soft shell jackets, waistcoats, and accessories. In addition, the company provides casual home furniture and interior collection, including beds, accessories, seating, sofas, armchairs, carpets, cushions, curtains, bed linen, and terry cloth products. Further, it licenses and markets accessories, such as shoes, leather products, belts, gloves, hats, scarves, bodywear, ties, bags, perfume, jewellery, umbrellas, watches, sunglasses, bed linen, and toiletries, as well as shawls and scarves. The company sells its products directly to end customers through company owned stores, as well as through an e-shop; and distributes its products by resellers through franchise stores, shop-in-shops, and multi label stores. It operates approximately 382 retail and outlet stores under the TOM TAILOR brand; 1,013 stores under the BONITA brand; 2,686 shop-in-shops; 206 franchisee shops; and 8,527 multi-label sales outlets. The company operates primarily in Germany, Austria, Switzerland, the Benelux countries, and France. TOM TAILOR Holding AG was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in Hamburg,.>>_1<<_5<<
NFL 2011 Season – Week Six Recap
Two head coaches fought, while another was injured during a game, as week six of the 2011 NFL season left just the defending Super Bowl champion Green Bay Packers as the lone unbeaten team in the league.
Runner Forfeits Third-Place Finish After He’s Caught Taking Bus During Marathon
The third-place finisher of a British marathon used a ride on a bus to pass competitors on the way to the finish line, reports The Telegraph.
>- Subaru Cars >
- Subaru Outback >
- 2009 Subaru Outback >
- 2009 Subaru Outback Specifications
2009 $22,295
-
- 20 City - 27 Hwy
2009 Subaru Outback power steering
- Steering wheel: Tilt and telescopic
- Dimensions
- Front Head Room: 40.5 "
- Front Leg Room: 44.1 "
- Overall height: 61.6 "
- Overall Length: 189.0 "
- Overall Width: 69.7 "
- Rear Head Room: 39.1 "
- Rear Leg Room: 33.9 "
- Wheelbase: 105.1 "
- Driver Seat
- Heated: Multi-level heating
- Power Adjustments: 8
- Drivetrain
- 4WD Type: Full-time
- Engine
- Compression Ratio: 10.00 : 1
- Displacement: 150 cu.in.
- Horse Power: 170 hp
- Size: 2.5 L
- Vehicle Emissions: LEV II
- Engine Spec
- Cylinder configuration: H-4
- Drive type: all-wheel drive
- Engine liters: 2.5
- Fuel tank capacity: 16.9gal.
- Horsepower: 170hp @ 6,000RPM
- Number of valves: 16
- Recommended fuel: regular unleaded
- Torque: 170 lb.-ft. @ 4,400RPM
- Transmission: 5 speed manual
- Fuel Consumption
- City: 20 mpg
- Highway:: H
- Tire Pressure Monitoring System: Yes
- Type: AS
- Width: 225 mm
- Transmission
- Number of speeds: 5
- Warranty
- roadside months: 36 months
- Weights and Capacities
- Curb weight: 3,357 lbs.
- Gross vehicle weight: 4,435 lbs.
- Max cargo capacity: 65 cu.ft.
- Towing Capacity: 2,700 lbs.
- Wheels
- Diameter: 16
- Rim Type: None steel
- Width::
- Front beverage holders:
- Garage door transmitter: Homelink(R)
- Illuminated entry:
- Overhead console:
- Passenger door bin:
- Passenger vanity mirror:
- Power windows:
- Rear beverage holders:
- Remote keyless entry:
- Speed control:
- Telescoping steering wheel:
- Tilt steering wheel:
- Entertainment Features
- AM/FM radio:
- CD player:
- MP3 decoder:
- Speakers: 6
- Speakers: 7
- Speakers: 9
- Lighting, Visibility and Instrumentation
- Front reading lights:
- Low tire pressure warning:
- Outside temperature display:
- Rear window defroster:
- Rear window wiper:
- Tachometer:
- Trip computer:
- Variably intermittent wipers:
- Powertrain
-:
- Safety and Security
- 4 wheel disc brakes:
- ABS brakes:
- Anti-whiplash front head restraints:
- Dual front impact airbags:
- Dual front side impact airbags:
- Electronic stability:
- Ignition disable:
- Occupant sensing airbag:
- Overhead airbag:
- Panic alarm:
- Security system:
- Traction control:
- Seats and Trim
- Front center armrest:
- Front seats: bucket
- Max seating capacity: 5
- Rear seats: bench
- Split folding rear seat:
- Specs and Dimensions
- Air Pollution Score (AP): 6
- Compression ratio: 10.00 to 1
- Engine bore x stroke: 99.5mm x 79.0mm (3.92" x 3.11")
- Engine displacement: 2.5 L
- Engine horsepower: 170hp @ 6,000RPM
- Engine torque: 170 lb.-ft. @ 4,400RPM
- Exterior body width: 1,770mm (69.7")
- Exterior height: 1,565mm (61.6")
- Exterior height: 1,605mm (63.2")
- Exterior length: 4,801mm (189.0")
- Front headroom: 1,029mm (40.5")
- Front hiproom: 1,295mm (51.0")
- Front legroom: 1,120mm (44.1")
- Front shoulder room: 1,382mm (54.4")
- Greenhouse Gas Score (GG): 6
- GVWR: 2,012kg (4,435lbs)
- Interior cargo volume: 949 L (33 cu.ft.)
- Interior maximum cargo volume: 1,852 L (65 cu.ft.)
- Passenger volume: 2,767L (97")
- Suspension/Handling
- Four wheel independent suspension:
- Front anti-roll bar:
- Front tires: 225/60HR16.0
- Power steering:
- Rear anti-roll bar:
- Rear tires: 225/60HR16.0
- Speed-sensing steering:
- Wheel size: 16"
-
- Lighting, Visibility and Instrumentation
- Compass: Optional
- Front fog lights: Optional
- Powertrain
- Block heater: Optional
- Limited slip differential: Optional
- Seats and Trim
- Heated front seats: Optional
- Leather shift knob:.04.13.06
The Hillenbrand / Beckett Feud
If only it were possible for Toronto’s Shea Hillenbrand and Boston’s Josh Beckett to kill each other. Until then, we’ll have to settle for the rhetoric. From the Toronto Star :
It seems that Shea Hillenbrand and Josh Beckett have differences that go beyond the fact that the Toronto DH is an animal lover while the Boston Red Sox pitcher enjoys hunting four-legged creatures for sport.
Hillenbrand (above) isn’t pleased that Beckett called him out after Tuesday’s game for starting to head to first base after a 3-1 pitch on which the plate umpire delayed his strike call.
Beckett said something to reporters about “playing the game right” while Hillenbrand responded to the quote with an expletive in what one Boston reporter called a “war of words.”
“How many walks do you see me draw in a season?” Hillenbrand said yesterday. “I mean, you saw how long it took (the umpire) to call it a strike.
“I’ve played this game for a long time and no one has ever questioned my ability to play it right.”
When another reporter approached Hillenbrand, he said, “I’ve only got one answer to any question about Beckett: (expletive) him!
“The only person he made look bad is himself. I’m not concerned about it.”
I can’t believe Hillenbrand isn’t intimidated by Beckett’s goatee or scary blisters.
I can’t wait to see this “fight” climax with Beckett throwing one behind Shea, followed by a staredown, and the possibility of light shoving (from Varitek).News
Moyo Festival 2014: “Go Sumbawa”
Posted on 12 Aug 2014 at 17:02 | Views: 1229
>>IMAGE.Feds seize additional computers in Kinde Durkee case
Federal prosecutors have seized several additional computers as part of their investigation into allegations that campaign treasurer Kinde Durkee misused the political funds of clients, according to documents released Monday..
Durkee was arrested in September and accused of mail fraud. Prosecutors allege she misspent $677,000 from the campaign account of Assemblyman Jose Solorio (D-Santa Ana) for personal expenses, including a trip to Disneyland.
With nearly 100 candidates having used Durkee as a treasurer, investigators expanded their probe to examine her handling of other campaign committees, including those of U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) and state Sen. Lou Correa (D-Santa Ana). Durkee’s attorney, Daniel Nixon, agreed to the continuance. He was not immediately available for comment.
RELATED:
Lessons of Kinde Durkee affair
Kinde Durkee court case to be continued again
The Kinde Durkee scandal: what about the campaign donations?
-- Patrick McGreevy in SacramentoPower Adapter not recognized/background programs won't close
I purchased a new battery for my Inspiron 1545 after the original died. The battery works great, but recently I keep receiving an error message when plugging in: "AC Power Adaptor type cannot be recognized and battery will not charge..." Every now and then the battery goes ahead and charges, I think it is only if I have turned the computer completely off, unplugged the power and then plugged it back in before turning computer back on. However, for the past week I have not been able to get computer to power down completely. Everything appears to be off but the power indicator light remains lit. When shutting down, I briefly see the warning page that background programs are still trying to close, but it just flickers up and then disappears before I can force shutdown. My battery is completely depleted at this point and I can't get it to charge, so my only option is to stay plugged in at all times. Yet I know the battery is not the issue. Any help closing down the background programs, or better yet, figuring out why my adapter isn't recognized to begin with? Thanks!View
A band based in Paris (often confused with the american. The group was also known as Vicious Circle, with one album titled "Barbed wire slides", at Les Disques du Soleil et de l'Acier.
No stations playing View now
No albums foundTo this end, you can find a near endless number of whacky side projects Rei has created
More Birthdays
CalvinClannad asks
Maria Takayama
Mashiro Mitsumine
More Forum Posts
Chatbox History
We have 31719 members
Newest member: xRevaanx
Supporters
All images are copyright of their respective owners.
Users Online 173 | Rendered in 24.4 ms. R-82-W-0-M-1733.91 KB
Staff | Mobile Site | Privacy Policy | ToS | Link to Us | Advertise | Beam Us | About
Q & AThis Classified is Closed
For Trade:
WTT Alessandro MS Pros for iPod Touch 4 + 100 cash (TRADED!)
Will Ship To: CONUS or pickup
Hi,
I'm looking to trade a pair of Alessandro MS Pros for an iPod Touch 4 (preferably a 32gb). I'm posting in here not because I made a mistake, but because I'm solely looking for a source trade. Thanks! If you want to see pictures, they are in the headphones for sale forum. The headphones are in 9/10 quality and I want to trade them because I got the Audio Technica CK10s and don't need expensive full size headphones (also, I can't afford an amp). If you are interested, pm me or email me at caliskimmer@gmail.com.Diane Anello of Bredenbeck’s Bakery demonstrated flower decoration on a three tier cake at the Philadelphia Flower Show. (Photo by Paula M. Riley)
by Paula M. Riley
Last Thursday, approximately 26,000 visitors experienced Chestnut Hill.
They weren’t walking along Germantown Avenue. Instead, Chestnut Hill came to them. Thursday, March 6, was “Chestnut Hill Day” at the Philadelphia Flower Show. Held at the Philadelphia Convention Center, this is world’s largest indoor flower show, attracting more than 250,000 attendees.
On Chestnut Hill Day, Flower Show guests were given individually wrapped chocolates with a card attached declaring, “Bold Strokes, Many Colors: Find Yours in Chestnut Hill.”
This theme was inspired by Woodmere’s exhibition at the Flower Show of Quita Brodhead, a Philadelphia artist. Her exhibit, “Bold Strokes” is currently on display at Woodmere Art Museum. Woodmere was chosen as one of 15 nationally ranked Art Museums to participate in this year’s Flower Show.
Chestnut Hill business owners participated in live demonstrations at the show’s Garden Table Studio and Designer Studio throughout the day. Melissa Palmer, of Florum Florists at Market at the Fareway, was thrilled to be invited to demonstrate; her presentation focused on origami pots.
“I wanted to do something that was different, sustainable and artsy that guests could learn quickly and have fun,” said Palmer.
Origami pots are artistically folded newspapers for seedlings and can be planted directly into the ground. Palmer showed the audience how to use these pots for gifts as well. She included a foursome of herbs in one pot and a collection of pansies in the other. Wrapped with ribbon, these make delightful host/hostess gifts.
Palmer was excited and nervous to participate in such a huge show, but, once she got on stage, she was comfortable in her role. She particularly enjoyed the chance to share her skills with the crowd.
“I have a philosophy that we should all share the wealth. I want to share what I know with others so they can enjoy it as much as I do,” she said.
On the other side of the Exhibit Hall, cake artists from Night Kitchen Bakery and Bredenbeck’s Bakery & Ice Cream Parlor were showing guests how to decorate a cake.
Katie McCafferty from Night Kitchen began by frosting a two-tier cake with butter cream. She then taught the audience how to work with fondant. This thick paste, made from sugar and water, is used for icing and decorating. McCafferty rolled out fondant onto a flat sheet and covered the entire cake with this. She then created a small tulip flower head from the fondant.
Diana Anello, Bredenbeck’s sugar artist, followed McCafferty. Anellio demonstrated using fondant to create flowers and other designs on her cake – a three-tier tower covered in black fondant.
During the course of the demonstrations, both artists provided interesting and useful tips on cake decorating. They answered questions from the audience on topics ranging from how to color fondant to details of the cakes they have created for celebrities like Elton John and Patti LeBelle.
Amy Edelman, owner of Night Kitchen, often exhibits at regional events. She enjoys the exposure opportunity such demonstrations bring. Beside the cake decorating demo, Night Kitchen provided the wedding cake for winners of Philadelphia Wedding Magazine’s Greatest Groom Contest, Frank Kennedy and Roxanne Wilson, who were married at the Flower Show. When the couple went to Night Kitchen for their cake tasting, so did CBS 3.
Gifts bags promoting Chestnut Hill’s Girls Night Out at the Philadelphia Flower Show. (Photo by Paula M. Riley)
“Demonstrating at the show is a nice opportunity to talk about the bakery and what distinguishes us from other bakeries,” Edelman said.
Paul Roller of Roller’s Flying Fish showed a crowded audience how to create ratatouille, as well as two chicken dishes. He was entertaining and interesting, engaging with the audience in serious and comical exchanges. He offered great suggestions on organizing the cooking space, preparing vegetables, and cutting with sharp knives. The knowledgeable audience asked questions regarding ingredient substitution options, managing tomatoes’ acidity, blanching tips and much more.
Earlier in his career, Roller taught classes, but it had been a long time since he presented to an audience that size. Like Palmer, Roller viewed his participation as a fun opportunity to share his knowledge.
“I understand this cooking thing, so if I can help other people understand it, I will,” said Roller.
Throughout his 45-minute demonstration Roller found himself moving at a much slower, more relaxed pace than he has in his restaurant. Roller said he found the whole experience delightful. He added that the exposure was nice but doesn’t expect a huge boom in business as result.
“Hopefully, I created some goodwill for us (Roller’s Flying Fish) and for the whole street,” Roller said.
Throughout the nine-day flower show, the Chestnut Hill Business Improvement District was trying to do the same. It exhibited in the show’s Grand Hall Concourse, welcoming visitors and providing information on Chestnut Hill. A raffle was held for “19118” gift bags – canvas bags embroidered by Threadwell with the zip code and filled with fashion-forward items from J. McLaughlin, Roots, Artisans on the Avenue, Mango, Style Camp and Salon 90.
Raffle contest entries included a request for an email address. Last year at the Flower Show more than 3,000 new emails were added to the CHBA database, which is used for promotion of Chestnut Hill events all year long. Many businesses donated items, and Bowman Properties was the primary sponsor of the Chestnut Hill exhibit.
“There is a wonderful partnership between CHBA and PHS (Pennsylvania Horticultural Society) and we are happy to be part of it,” said Richard Snowden, owner of Bowman Properties.
Snowden said he recognized that the audience drawn to the Flower Show mirrors what the business district attracts to shop, play and eat in Chestnut Hill. He values the partnership and opportunity for local business to exhibit and demonstrate at the show.
Palmer looked back at the Show and said she will recall participating in it as a career highlight.
“If I get direct business from the demonstrations I’ll be happy,” Palmer said. “But if I was walking down the street and saw an origami pot in a window, well that would be even better. That would be super cool.”Thank you for signing up!
How to Handle a Soft Addiction
I bite my fingernails. It’s a nasty habit and one I’d like to change, but is it a limiting addiction?
It can be, says Judith Wright, Ed.D, life coach and author of Soft Addiction Solution: Break Free of the Seemingly Harmless Habits That Keep You from the Life You Want.
Turns out many of the so-called harmless habits that we over-indulge in — nail biting, shopping, Web-surfing, texting, overworking, procrastinating, gossiping, watching television and scores of others can become soft addictions that limit our potential and ultimately drain our energy and self-respect.
Soft addictions, says Wright, who coined the phrase and works extensively with people who want to break free from them at the Wright Leadership Institute, which she co-founded, keep us from feeling our true emotions. They distract us from more satisfying activities and relationships and cloud our connection to the soul.
My nail biting, for example, keeps me from dealing directly with the source of my stress or anxiety, so it perpetuates. In the end, I’m still stressed, plus I’m disappointed in my lack of control and embarrassed by my messy nails. This pesky habit, like all soft addictions, is taking time and energy that I could be directing in a more positive, healthy way.
And that’s true for everybody, Wright says. Everyone deals with some soft addiction — often several. The key is to identify yours and break free.
What are soft addictions?
“Almost anything can be a soft addiction if we overdo it,” Wright says.
Watching an hour of television or venturing to the mall once in a while probably won’t get you into trouble, but when done to excess, when the habits substitute for more enriching things or disconnect you from the present, that’s when it veers toward addiction.
“Anything that is pleasurable can be a habit or addictive because it activates the pleasure centers in the brain,” says David Greenfield, Ph.D., director of The Center for Internet and Technology Addiction and author of Virtual Addiction. “If that behavior creates a negative impact in one major area of your life, that’s when the habit becomes a problem.”
Some addictions, like alcohol and drug abuse, also have serious physical consequences. With these addictions, the substances themselves actually harm body tissues and create biochemical reactions that can be fatal.
While obsessive shopping and other soft addictions won’t kill you, they can limit or harm your health, relationships, finances and work. Ultimately, they keep you from living your higher purpose, Wright says.
“A lot of these things keep us from living in the present,” Greenfield says. “They are time shifters. They move you from where you are in the moment to somewhere else. And all of them can leave us emotionally numb.”
How to spot soft addictions
Often, it’s our co-workers, friends and family members who notice first when our behavior is getting in the way of our work, relationships or other aspects of our lives, Greenfield says.
If people are teasing you about always being late, or your husband complains that you spend more time with your Facebook friends than him, those are indications of a soft addiction. Also pay attention to your instincts, those little feelings that tell you when you’re off track.
“We are hungry for more than what we are stuffing our mouths with, for more than the big houses we spend money on and the Facebook pages,” Wright says. “The question is, what are you really hungry for?”
Logging onto Facebook instead of working, for example, may be a sign that you’re hungry for connection. Nail biting is a poor replacement for the comfort and perspective I need in times of stress. Chronic tardiness? Perhaps you’re wanting power or attention.
We often use a soft addiction to fill a larger hole or need in our lives. By recognizing what we truly lack and long for, we can close that gap with more meaningful things.
How to end the grip of soft addictions
Self-awareness will help you identify your soft addictions and illuminate the reasons behind them.
Wright and Greenfield have these suggestions to then break the pattern.
- Track the behavior. Look at what you’re doing and when. What’s going on in your life when you plop down in front of the television or head to the mall — again? What did you once enjoy, but no longer experience due to the addiction? Notice what triggers the behavior and go deeper to determine what “hunger” it’s trying to feed.
- Mind your thoughts. Watch for what Wright calls “stinking thinking.” These patterns rationalize or excuse our behavior and often beat us up with false, negative beliefs about how unworthy or incapable we are. Expose these stinking thoughts and replace them with kindness and self-compassion. A sense of humor is another powerful antidote.
- Pick a new behavior. Nature abhors a vacuum, Greenfield says, so when you are preparing to quit an addictive behavior, you’ve got to replace it with something else that feels good.
- Cut back slowly. Reduce the time you spend on your soft addiction by just a little. Instead of logging on to Facebook for three hours a day, cut it to two and connect with a friend for coffee. Cut back TV time by an hour and head outside instead. Stop biting your fingernails, one nail at a time.
- Seek support. Reach out to family and friends. Connect with them rather than with your habit. A counselor, coach or therapist can also help and may be essential in the treatment of other “harder” addictions, such as substance abuse or pornography.
Feeding our emotional hunger with more soulful connections and experiences often makes our soft addictions easier to leave behind.
As you build more meaning into your life, the soft addictions become less attractive, Wright says. It becomes unlikely that you’ll be interested in anything that keeps you from living your deeper purpose.
If you'd like to comment on this article, become a member of Gaiam Life.By Janessa Maxilom
jmaxilom@alamogordonews.com @janessa_speaks on Twitter
Otero County Commissioners to reconsider combining the Chaparral Community Center with the Chaparral Fire Department among other issues during its next regular commission meeting Thursday.
On Thursday's meeting agenda, District 1 Commissioner Tommie Herrell has requested that the commission reconsider original plans to combine the community center with the fire department in Chaparral.
Herrell will be requesting approval for potential building the Chaparral Community Center behind the existing volunteer fire department. Herrell will be requesting approval to send a letter of commitment expressing the county's interest in donated property for a new volunteer fire station in Chaparral.
Herrell is also requesting an agreement between the Otero County and ASA Architects for consulting services to build the 5,000 to 6,000 square foot community center in Chaparral. The community center project would cost $800,000.
District 3 Commissioners Ronny Rardin placed an item on the agenda requesting approval of scheduling a public hearing to consider an ordinance that would declare the county an Agriculture and Energy Zone.
The commission will consider scheduling a public hearing for proposed changes to the Otero County Personnel Policy. The proposed changes involve adapting state and federally protected classifications in the policy. The classifications include language regarding sexual orientation, gay rights for employees and changes to sexual harassment guidelines.
The commission will look at approving a Well Monitoring Contract for the Boles Acres area to Statewide Drilling Inc., for an amount of $200 per month.
The commission will also consider approval for a driving while intoxicated grant agreement in the amount of $344,289.
The county has a few guest speakers scheduled to do presentation at the commission meeting. Chamber of Commerce President Mike Espiritu is scheduled to present information on the Orogrande Garnet Project.
Otero County Wild Life Specialist Lewis Reeves and Dawn Huffmon, executive assistant to the county manager, are scheduled to do a presentation on the feral hog program in the county.
The commission will also be looking to adjust year-end budget issues at the meeting.
There are 41 items on the agenda. The meeting is open to the public and will be held in the Otero County Administration building, 1101 New York Ave., Rm. 123 at 9 a.m.
For more information go online to the county's website at- Monday, April 20, 2015Adam Shulman 04/20/15 01:04 PM story
Filed in: Live Sound • Feature • Poll • Measurement • Processor • Sound Reinforcement
- Thursday, March 05, 2015Josh Maichele 03/05/15 01:36 PM,I recently traveled to Magnolia Church in Riverside, CA to commission a new house sound reinforcement system designed to support contemporary worship services, and as often happens, it proved an instructive process. The system, installed by CCI Solutions, includes main arrays of L-Acoustics ARCS WiFo (Wide/Focus) loudspeakers flown left, center, and right to provide primary coverage in what is a very wide room. The arrays are supported by a flown ring of delay loudspeakers about three-quarters out in the house.… View this story
Filed in: AV • Feature • Blog • Study Hall • AV • Engineer • Installation • Line Array • Loudspeaker • Measurement • Microphone • Signal • Sound Reinforcement • System
- Monday, March 02, 2015Andy Coules 03/02/15 11:43 AM,In my experience of teaching live sound, one of the most commonly misunderstood concepts is that of phase. The source of the misunderstanding typically derives from a confusion between the concepts of phase and polarity. So let’s take a look at these two concepts and see how they relate to live sound. The first time most people come across phase is when they’re introduced to the “phase reverse” button (denoted by a circle with a line through it at 45… View this story
Filed in: AV • Feature • Blog • Study Hall • AV • Education • Loudspeaker • Measurement • Microphone • Signal • Sound Reinforcement
- Friday, February 27, 2015Kent Margraves 02/27/15 01:11 PM,As the name implies, “OptEQ” is an optimized sound system tuning process developed by SynAudCon (Synergetic Audio Concepts), and it was presented to an audience of more than 100 consultants, contractors and end users over the course of two days in early January at the American Airlines Training Center in Ft. Worth. I was fortunate to be one of those attendees. As usual, the workshop was brilliantly prepared, hosted, and presented. Pat and Brenda Brown of SynAudCon are simply the… View this story
Filed in: AV • Feature • Blog • Study Hall • AV • Education • Loudspeaker • Measurement • Microphone • Processor • Signal • SoftwareThe story of PFGBest gets stranger every day. First, the Iowa-based futures brokerage announced it was freezing client accounts after founder and sole owner Russell R. Wasendorf attempted suicide. Then the National Futures Association, the designated self-regulating organization for PFG, alleged that the firm was missing more than $200 million in supposedly segregated client funds
Mr. Wasendorf’s story became more fascinating at every turn. He said he’d anticipated the Black Monday stock market crash of 1987 and used profits made shorting futures to expand his business. He styled himself as a thought leader for the futures industry, writing books and articles, commenting frequently in the press. He moved his firm from Chicago to Grand Falls, Iowa, where he built a company headquarters that everyone seemed to describe as a “compound.” He’d lost millions in Romanian real estate, he’d asked Styx to play at his wedding (scheduled for August, though he and his betrothed tied the not in Vegas at the end of June).
What’s fascinated us from day one the question of how Mr. Wasendorf perpetrated his fraud. The NFA had noted that a PFG bank account had been missing about $200 million in client funds as early as February 2010, and we wondered why it took auditors two-and-a-half years to catch the discrepancy. Then Reuters reported that Mr. Wasendorf had set up a fake post office box to intercept documents intended for U.S. Bank, where he told regulators that client accounts were kept, and was only caught when the regulator adopted a system for electronic reporting. Now, Mr. Wasendorf has been arrested, and portions of his suicide note are included in the criminal complaint:
Which, we’ve remarked before, sounds like something an enterprising grade school student might do to keep his parents from receiving a truancy note. And:
At which point, we know an awful lot, though we’re still inclined to wonder whether the firm’s auditors ever thought to check the P.O. Box to which they were sending documents, or better, if U.S. Bank ever wondered why it wasn’t getting regulators’ document requests.The Blackhawks’ 2014 draft class
Blackhawks 2014 draft picks
1 (20th overall) Nick Schmaltz, C
Hometown: Madison, Wis.
Height, weight: 5-11, 172
By the numbers: 18 goals and 45 assists in 55 games with Green Bay of the USHL
Noteworthy: Lifelong Blackhawks fan calls himself a “playmaking center” and models his game after favorite player Patrick Kane. Will attend University of North Dakota next year with his brother Jordan, who was a first-round pick of St. Louis in 2012.
3 (83rd) Matheson Iacopelli, RW
Hometown: Woodhaven, Mich.
Height, weight: 6-2, 192
By the numbers: 41 goals, 23 assists in 58 games with Muskegon of the USHL
Noteworthy: 20-year-old winger was passed over twice in the draft — just like Andrew Shaw.
MORE: Hawks deal Brandon Bollig to clear cap space.
3 (88th) Beau Starrett, F
Hometown: Framingham, Mass.
Height, weight: 6-5, 195 pounds
By the numbers: 11 goals and 36 assists in 48 games with South Shore of the new U.S. Premier Hockey League.
Noteworthy: Called himself a “highly skilled power forward.” Will attend Cornell.
4 (98th) Fredrik Olofsson, LW
Hometown: Helsingborg, Sweden
Height, weight: 6-1, 185 pounds
By the numbers: 4 goals and 11 assists in 24 games with the Chicago Steel of the USHL
Noteworthy: His brother, Gustav, was a second-round pick of the Minnesota Wild last season
5 (141st) Luc Snuggerud, D
Hometown: Eden Prairie, Minn.
Height, weight: 5-11, 165
By the numbers: 8 goals and 30 assists in 25 high school games
Noteworthy: The top-ranked U.S. high school player captained Eden Prairie to Minnesota state semifinals. His uncle, Dave, played 265 games for the Sabres, Sharks and Flyers. Will attend Nebraska-Omaha.
5 (148th) Andreas Soderberg, D
Hometown: Skelleftea, Sweden
Height, weight: 6-4, 200
By the numbers: 2 goals, 7 assists in 48 combined games with junior and under-18 teams
Noteworthy: The Hawks, who have four Swedish defensemen in Niklas Hjalmarsson, Johnny Oduya, David Rundblad and Klas Dahlbeck, took three Swedish defenseman last year.
6 (178th) Dylan Sikura, C
Hometown: Aurora, Ontario
Height, weight: 5-10, 165
By the numbers: 17 goals, 47 assists in 41 games for Aurora of the OJHL
Noteworthy: Will be a freshman at Northeastern University in the fall
6 (179) Ivan Nalimov, G
Hometown: Novokuznetsk, Russia
Height, weight: 6-4, 213
By the numbers: 2.84 GAA, .894 save percentage in 12 games in the Russian junior league
7 (208) Jack Ramsey, RW
Hometown: Farmington, Mich.
Height, weight: 6-2 172
By the numbers: 9 goals, 16 assists in 57 games with Penticton of the BCHL
Noteworthy: The son of Miracle on Ice defenseman Mike Ramsey, who played 1,070 games with the Sabres, Penguins and Red Wings.
Related Posts
A look at the Blackhawks 2011 draft picksContinue reading.
Blackhawks make another minor-league dealContinue reading.
Blackhawks acquire defenseman Chris CampoliContinue reading.
Blackhawks sign Orland Park native Terry BroadhurstContinue reading.Manipadma Jena, Inter Press Service
A Lake of Hope and ConflictOctober 4, 2012 By Wilson Center Staff
The original version of this article, by Manipadma Jena, appeared on Inter Press Service.
Parvez Ahmad Dar climbs three hours to reach the hilltop, generator-equipped tourist center in Ajaf village, 35 kilometers from Srinagar, to recharge his mobile phone.
The 46-year-old president of the Wular Valley People’s Welfare Forum is in high demand as an activist and organizer –.
Continue reading on Inter Press Service.
Photo Credit: Wular Lake, courtesy of Wikimedia Commons.Topics: Asia, biodiversity, conflict, conservation, development, energy, environment, environmental security, India, livelihoods, Pakistan, security, waterIn last week’s column, we briefly discussed the nature of the investment sales market in New York City in 1984, when Paul Massey and I began selling investment properties. At that time, brokers rarely obtained an exclusive listing to sell a property. Since then, the market has become more sophisticated and exclusive listings have become more commonplace as sellers take advantage of the technologies available to today’s building-sales brokers. However, there is still a very significant segment of the market that operates very inefficiently and ineffectively.
One would think that from a seller’s perspective, retaining an exclusive agent would always be in the seller’s best interest. After all, intuitively, there is a simple formula that generates the maximum sales price for an investment property. Logic dictates that the more people that know a property is for sale, the more offers you receive; and the more offers you receive, the higher the final sales price.
Clearly, an exclusive listing arrangement provides several benefits to the seller, which results in maximum exposure for the property; a greater number of offers; and, ultimately, a higher price. It also provides the seller with a comfort level that the property was sold at its maximum price level.
Seems like a no-brainer, right?
Remarkably, only about 25 percent of all properties that are sold are handled by the top building-sales brokerage companies, and on an exclusive basis. Therefore, the majority of sale transactions are effectuated either by small brokerage shops or by sellers on a direct basis without the use of a broker. We can never understand why some sellers choose to market their property quietly and not fully expose the offering to the marketplace. We have seen, time and time again, sellers who choose this route, often leaving significant money on the table.
In 2009, the top 25 building-sales brokerage companies handled the sales of 387 properties out of a total of 1,436 properties sold in New York City that year. This reflects a surprisingly low rate of just 27 percent of the total. This figure was up from the 22 percent level achieved in 2008, when the top 25 brokerages handled 687 sales out of a total of 3,144.
If we consider a longer period of time, going back to the nine-year stretch from 2001 through 2009, the top 25 brokerage companies handled the sale of 5,644 properties out a total of 24,626 properties sold–a rate of 23 percent. If we expand the field of brokerages to include the top 50 firms, the number of sales increases to just 5,977, or 24 percent. (The figures for the top brokerages were based upon data collected by CoStar, the national real estate market research firm. The total number of sales per year was provided by Massey Knakal.)
This data begs the question, why do such a small percentage of sellers decide to retain top brokers to market properties for them? When we meet with potential sellers, we hear all types of objections, including sellers not wanting to feel “tied up” and misunderstandings about what the word “exclusive” means. Some feel as if retaining a broker may limit them in some way. Some had seen some interest in their property already and others say that they have “friends” in the industry who would be upset if they decided to go with only one firm. Regardless of the myriad excuses we have heard over the years, there seems to be no rational reason why a seller would not want to create maximum exposure for their property to ensure a higher sales price.
IT IS SURPRISING that so many sellers decide to market properties quietly through “off-market” transactions. What is not surprising is that an overwhelming majority of buyers in the marketplace specifically call our offices looking for these types of transactions. Buyers are very interested in buildings that are not widely marketed because they know they can achieve advantageous pricing if there is limited competition for the property. Why would a seller opt for limited competition?
It seems that in the overwhelming majority of cases when a seller attempts to market without a broker, the properties were not fully exposed properly to the marketplace. They achieve results that are far inferior to what could have been achieved through a traditional exclusive marketing program. Examples of these tragic seller mistakes are numerous. Over the years, some of these flubs really make you scratch your head.
For instance, many years ago, we were trying to meet with the seller of a small development site at 519 West 23rd Street. The seller would simply not return any of our numerous phone calls. We knew the property was on the market on an open-listing basis. But if the seller wasn’t returning our calls, he probably wasn’t returning calls from many other brokers, either. A few months later, one of our clients came into the office and explained that they had signed a contract for the property and wanted to know what we thought we could sell the property for. Within one month, we found a buyer willing to pay $3.4 million. Unfortunately for the seller, the contract vendee had a contract at $2.5 million, resulting in a foregone $900,000, or 36 percent of what could have been achieved.
Another example: I had been trying for months to speak with the owner of an apartment building located at 145 East 49th Street. After months of unreturned phone calls, messages and letters hand-delivered to the seller’s office, I finally was able to get the seller on the phone. He explained that he had been in the real estate business for 40 years and had sold dozens of properties without ever hiring an exclusive agent. “Why should I change what has worked for me for decades?” the seller asked me. I explained that I would like to put together a valuation, letting him know what I believed the property was worth, and also explaining, in detail, what our marketing program would consist of. The seller dismissed this out of hand and was subsequently greatly embarrassed when we obtained a price of $4.5 million for this property. This price was $2 million higher than the $2.5 million contract price that the seller had executed.
The sale of 353 East 61st Street was an even more glaring example of a seller who felt he knew more than active participants in the marketplace. This property was a five-story commercial building that had been owned for decades by a real estate family. This seller also failed to return calls and, when finally contacted, was unwilling to meet with us. He was another seller who would not retain an exclusive agent to market the property for them. Then, one morning, a client of ours came into the office explaining that he had signed a contract to purchase the property and wanted to know what price we thought we could flip the contract for. Amazingly, the seller did not realize that there were significant excess development rights attached to this property. We flipped this contract for $5.5 million, almost four times the $1.5 million price “Mr. Know-It-All” sold the property for.Who are we?
I’m Neville Ridley-Smith, corporate Java coder by day, AuctionSieve coder by night.
And my wife and our kids – Rachel, Trinity, Morgan & Xander.
What else have you done?
I have a company called Hashbang (it’s a Unix thing). I do Java EE contracting for various companies. Some places I’ve worked include Tourism Australia, Macquarie Bank, Zurich, Allianz, Transport NSW.
By night, I enjoy creating stuff that helps people, like AuctionSieve. Here are some of my other sites: ( NULL.deadharddrive NULL.com) ( NULL.whendidyoujointwitter NULL.com)
Where did AuctionSieve come from?
AuctionSieve had humble beginnings in 2003. I found myself spending way too much time trawling through eBay listings and began hacking together some code to speed things up.
Those initial programs were just scripts that ran once and output some web pages with condensed eBay results.
But it wasn’t enough! I wanted a UI to make it easy to create my trash word lists. (I was inspired after watching the Minority Report and envisioned an easy way to just highlight words and hit a button to kill stuff I didn’t want.) Not only that, I could see it was something I could make a bit of money via the eBay Partner Network.
So I took two months off work and finally released my first version. It didn’t even have normal eBay search capability – you could only download entire categories. But “boom”, filtering those trash words out was awesome and lightning fast!
We were off. And over the last 7 years or so, it’s grown and grown… And there’s more to come!March 22, 2000
BERKELEY, Calif. - Below are selected quotes from Cal head coach Ben Braun as he looks towards Friday's game against Wake Forest in the NIT quarterfinals. The game starts at 4:30 p.m. PT and will not be televised. The game can be heard on KABL Radio (960 AM) and KATD Radio (990 AM).
On playing Wake Forest:
It's a good opportunity for us to go and play against a very solid, very good Wake Forest team. I'm very familiar with their program and their coaches and I know it's going to be a tough team and a tough challenge for our team. This will make for a good opportunity for our team to keep playing against quality competition.
The disadvantage for us is that we only get one day of preparation and one day to get our team back on track since we're not going to practice at all today. At least we're playing on Friday, because I couldn't have imagined playing on Thursday.
(The Demon Deacons) do establish themselves inside. We have to go out there and do a good job collecting defensive rebounds much like we did late in the second half against Georgetown. We managed to do a good job of that down the stretch but didn't do such a good job of that throughout the game. That's something we have to do. It's not like we don't have some guards with some athleticism. We've got to go out there and get some rebounds, even if they aren't our biggest guys, we've got to go out there and at least neutralize them and get some loose balls. That's going to be a big key to the game and we know that.
On playing better down the stretch of game lately:
Interestingly, we didn't have many problems very early in the season, which was a good sign. As we got into the Pac-10 and teams got more familiar with us and the competition became fierce, we had some games where we just didn't have the experience. We didn't have the confidence. That's not just something you get overnight. You've got to develop that. I thought our clock management was better last night down the stretch. I think it's a sign that our team has taken some steps.
On point guard Shantay Legans' play against Georgetown:
I thought his decision-making was better. Down the stretch, he moved the ball and avoided traps. He was a little more clever with the ball. He utilized his teammates a little bit more. Part of it is familiarity. The longer the year goes, the more you should become familiar with one another. It takes a while when you've got a lot of new faces.Cookies are not enabled on your browser
JavaScript is not enabled on your browser
Was $39.00 - $42.00
Now $27.99 - $29.99
$27.99
Now $23.99 - $25.99
Was $39.00
Now $27.99
Was $59.00
Now $21.99 - $24.99
$39.00
Now $24.99
Was $49.00 - $52.00
Now $29.99
Was $35.00 - $38.00
Now $24.99 - $26.99
Was $49.00
Now $39.99
Was $69.00
Now $44.99
Now $12.99
Now $16.99
.Cite
Bibliographic details for "Sea of Ringil"
- Page name: Sea of Ringil
- Author: Tolkien Gateway contributors
- Publisher: Tolkien Gateway
- Date of last revision: 13 June 2012 17:47 UTC
- Date retrieved: 22 May 2015 10:27 UTC
- Permanent link:
- Page Version ID: 195043
Citation styles for "Sea of Ringil"
APA style
Sea of Ringil. (2012, June 13). In Tolkien Gateway. Retrieved 10:27, May 22, 2015, from
MLA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. "Sea of Ringil." Tolkien Gateway. Tolkien Gateway, 13 Jun. 2012. Web. 22 May. 2015.
MHRA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors, 'Sea of Ringil', Tolkien Gateway, 13 June 2012, 17:47 UTC, <> [accessed 22 May 2015]
Chicago style
Tolkien Gateway contributors, "Sea of Ringil," Tolkien Gateway, (accessed May 22, 2015).
CBE/CSE style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. Sea of Ringil [Internet]. Tolkien Gateway; 2012 Jun 13, 17:47 UTC [cited 2015 May 22]. Available from:.
Bluebook style
Sea of Ringil, (last visited May 22, 2015).
Bluebook: Harvard JOLT style
Tolkien Gateway, Sea of Ringil, (optional description here) (as of May 22, 2015, 10:27 GMT).
AMA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. Sea of Ringil. Tolkien Gateway. June 13, 2012, 17:47 UTC. Available at:. Accessed May 22, 2015.
BibTeX entry
@misc{ wiki:xxx, author = "Tolkien Gateway", title = "Sea of Ring 22-May-2015]" }
Talk pages
- Markup
- [[Sea of Ringil]] ([ this version])
- Result
- Sea of Ringil (this version)Oh no, not again. It notched less than $8M in box office with 2011′s Part I and 2012′s:
More from Deadline:
- Tom Hooper, Ang Lee, David Fincher And Steven Spielberg Eye Intriguing Movies
- Amy Pascal Asks Hollywood To Eliminate Gay Slurs And Stereotypes From Movies
- #1 ‘Oz’ Holds For $281.8M Worldwide Cume; Halle Berry In #2 ‘The Call’ Beats Carell-Carrey In #3 Bomb ‘Burt Wonderstone’tc: temporary contemporary is a public art program initiated by the Bass Museum of Art in partnership with the City of Miami Beach. This program seeks to activate the the museum exterior and the adjacent Collins Park with art, surprising and engaging residents, visitors and passers-by with outdoor works of art. Sculpture, murals, sound installations, video and other interactive works of art, interrupt people’s daily routines and encourage thoughtful interactions within the community. Public art becomes a catalyst to appreciate the unique character of Miami Beach, the Art Deco façade of the Bass Museum and the gardens, lawns and pathways of Collins Park.
tc: temporary contemporary is an ongoing project, as works of art explore interactions and relationships: to an environment, to a site and to each other. This general theme includes the nuances of communication and interactivity, as well as our physical relationship to architecture. The topography of the city is pointed to, redrawn and redefined by some projects. Others convey a sense of surprise via displacement, where seemingly common objects in public space are not what they appear. A number of projects are designed to promote new, vibrant meeting places for social interactions in the community.
CURRENT
The frailty of Miami Beach as a barrier island in an urban center is the subject of the Bass Museum of Art’s new addition to its series tc: temporary contemporary.
Visual and performance artist Reed van Brunschot collaborated with Francisca Twiggs, a painter who works as commercial display artist and fabricator, to create It’s Like the River, De Nile. The work is installed in the storefront windows of the Walgreen’s store located at the corner of Collins Avenue and 23rd Street, along a popular pathway to the public beach. Using set design and analog stage tricks, everyday objects and shoreline detritus make up a narrative installation that is both whimsical and eerily foreboding.
“Apocalyptic flooding has been depicted throughout the history of art,” said Jose Carlos Diaz, Bass Museum of Art Curator of Exhibitions. “Twiggs and van Brunschot have given us their own interpretation of this subject in light of 21st century global warming.”
“Our intention is to utilize this location’s storefront to sell the idea of ‘The Great Flood’, a theme approached throughout history in the arts as something destructive yet cleansing, beautiful yet violent and principally, a subject that is so very relevant however lamentably taboo here in South Florida. There is a level of absurdity in the political dismissal of even using the words “climate change”. It is these dualities in this very current social topic that has brought on the inspiration for the artwork and it’s title.” says Artist Reed van Brunschot.
Reed van Brunschot received her BFA from the Rietveld Academy in Amsterdam in 2011 and has exhibited and performed internationally. In 2014, her work was seen in Miami at Primary Projects and Locust Projects at NADA Fair; and Galeria Logo in Porto Alegre in Brazil. She was also a fellow in both Cannonball and the Artist in Residence in the Everglades residency program.
Francisca Twiggs received her BFA in painting from the University of Miami in 2008 and currently works as the Senior Display Coordinator for Anthropologie in Miami, FL.
PAST
A total of 26 works were installed in early December as part of Art Basel Miami Beach 2014 Public sector. Nicholas Baume, Director and Curator of Public Art Fund, selected the works for the exhibition entitled “Fieldwork”, December 3-7, 2014. Thanks to funding from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation, 18 sculptures from that exhibition remained on view until March 31, 2015.
Featured in that exhibition were: Lynda Benglis, Pink Lady, 2013; Matthias Bitzer, Sleep and echo, 2012, Sarah Braman, Door, 2013-2014; Ana Luiz Dias Batista, Eva (Eve), 2014; Guillermo Faivovich & Nicolas Goldberg, Territorio del Chaco, 2013,; Falsnaes Front, 2104; Nuria Furster, Pump Iron, 2014 Ryan Gander, Never has there been such urgency, or The Eloquent and the Gala (Alchemy Box #45), 2014; Alfredo Jaar, Culture=Capital, 2012-2014; Jose Carlos Martinat, Manifiestos, 2014; Olaf Metzel, Untitled, 2014; Sam Moyer, Zola, 2014; Nancy Rubins, Our Friend Fluid Metal, Chunkus Majoris, 2013; Yinka Shonibare MBE, Wind Sculpture, 2013; Jessica Stockholder, Angled Tangle, 2014; Barthélémy Tuguo, In the Spotlight, 2007; and Tatiana Trouvé, Waterfall, 2013.
Also on view is Chess Tables, 2014 by Jim Drain, which was installed in October, 2014 and Michael Linares, Así las cosas (This being so), 2012
To view tc: temporary contemporary projects, please click below:
current
upcoming
past
or please click on the tabs to the right of page.
_____________________________________
tc: temporary contemporary is made possible through the support of The City of Miami Beach, ArtPlace, National Endowment for the Arts, Knight Foundation and Funding Arts Network, Inc.
Please click here to read about ArtPlace grant.Michael Hedgpeth
C# .NET programmer into test-driven development and lean/xp.
0 answers
2 questions
~2k people reached
- Fort Worth, TX
- michaelstechnical.blogspot.co…
- Member for 4 years, 10 months
- 10 profile views
- Last seen Apr 21 at 20:35
Top Posts (2) All Questions Answers | Votes Newest
1 When should an ESX Host to be rebooted? jan 28 '11Business Centre
The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers
Fujitsu's LifeBook S761 is a top laptop, that's for sure. It's small and light, yet well built and highly specced. We like it a lot but think it could use an SSD drive and a little less (or improved) pre-installed software..
For $2588,.
The chassis has easily removable panels for replacing the hard drive, RAM and Wi-Fi module.
The LifeBook's hard drive bay..
A removable module allows the heat sink to be cleaned from the.BEREA, Ohio -- The Cleveland Browns have just completed a training-camp practice, and as players jog toward the locker room to change and get ready for meetings, a sweat-covered
There, he will do something that he has done many times in this and previous camps, and that’s greet his wife, Annie.
But Thomas also is doing something that he hasn’t had the chance to do during any other training camp: spend time with their six-month-old daughter, Logan.
Unlike some NFL teams that travel away from home for training camp, the Browns hold their practices at their team headquarters.
“That’s the great part about having training camp close to home,” Thomas said. “The kids and the families do get to come every day, and you do get to spend a couple minutes with them. It’s a great reward for making it through a sometimes long, sometimes hot practice.”
Thomas found reporting to training camp last month particularly tough because it meant having to spend weeks away from his wife and daughter, and living in a hotel with his teammates and coaches. That makes the half-hour he gets to spend with his wife and daughter after practice even more special.
“This is the stage in (a child’s) development where they’re starting to kind of recognize faces and starting to make noises," Thomas said. "It’s really fun because you just see how much they develop every, single day. It’s amazing how different they can be in two or three days, the way they grow at such a rapid pace. It’s unbelievable.
“A lot of people don’t totally understand the time we commit to this game, especially in training camp. Fans come out and watch us out on the field for two-and-a-half hours, three hours, and they sometimes think we go home after its over or a couple hours of meetings, but they don’t realize that just about every day in training camp is a 14-hour day, and we don’t get to go home at the end of it.
“We go to a hotel, wake up and do it all over again. We stay in the hotel until the third preseason game, so it’s not like we get to go home and see our family very much. It makes it really difficult, especially when you have kids because they’re so important to you. Being able to see your child every day is such an important, special part of your day, and when you don’t get to do that, it makes it tough. It makes training camp a little more difficult.”
For Thomas, his daughter’s birth was a “phenomenal” experience that has had a profound impact on his life.
“The day my daughter was born was the best day of my life, and a hundred times better than anything athletically that I’ve achieved, team-wise, individually,” Thomas said. “Anything in my entire life, nothing can possibly compare to the day one of your children was born. It’s the biggest thing that’s ever happened in my life. People say that it’ll change your life, but you don’t really know what that means until you actually experience it because it really does.
“A lot of the linemen I’ve been around have had girls, and they melt your heart on the day they’re born. They’re so special. I don’t want to say it makes you soft, but it does because your daughter just melts your heart.”What does WNTE stand for?
What does WNTE mean? This page is about the various possible meanings of the acronym, abbreviation, shorthand or slang term: WNTE.
We've found a total of 6 definitions for WNTE:
Filter by: Sort by:PopularityAlphabeticallyCategory
Still can't find the acronym definition you were looking for? Use our Power Search technology to look for more unique definitions from across the web!
"WNTE." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.Enduring Images
Enduring Images, a technology leader in ceramic imaging, introduces a first-of-its-kind desktop memorial portrait production system for funeral homes and cemetery operators. It makes porcelain portrait production as easy as printing a photo on your computer. This new digital ceramic printing system prints an unprecedented 1200 dpi image resolution, higher than any portrait you can buy, and does so with a mouse click. Unlock the attractive margins in porcelain photos. The revenue generated by selling two porcelain photos will make your monthly payment on a leased system. Invest in your bottom line!Snake-Robots To Assist Surgeons in Tight Spots 35
ferd_farkle writes "Science Daily has an article about engineering advances meant to help steady the hands of surgeons working in really cramped spaces like eyes and throats. From the article: ."
obligatory... (Score:2, Funny)
Re:obligatory... (Score:5, Funny)
Re: (Score:1)
Re: (Score:1)
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:1)
Re: (Score:2)
Something like "Snakes in a brain".
Re:obligatory... (Score:4, Funny)
What Happens When They Get Loose? (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
You go get a plunger, that's what.
Robot-assisted surgery (Score:4, Interesting) [intuitivesurgical.com]
Computer Integrated Surgical Systems and Technology [jhu.edu]
Forbes article: Robo-docs
Re: (Score:1)
For centuries alcohol helped surgeons (Score:3, Funny)
For centuries alcohol helped surgeons supress their tremble.
Re: (Score:1)
Wrong arm...
Re:For centuries alcohol helped surgeons (Score:4, Interesting)
Re: (Score:1)
Re: (Score:1, Insightful)
Re: (Score:1)
What about Cigars and strippers? (Score:2)
OK Hollywood! (Score:2)
How is this Different? (Score:1)
sounds like (Score:2, Insightful)
Boy... (Score:1)
I guess robotic surgery was a much bigger taboo back then. Times sure have changed...
Hmm (Score:4, Interesting)
Like, on a plane?
Re: (Score:3, Funny)
I have had it with these motherfucking robots on this motherfucking plane!
We have an emergency... (Score:2)
Robots in the OR: Nothing new (Score:3, Informative)
Waukesha Memorial recently performed its 100th surgery with the Da Vinci robot.
Re: (Score:2)
zerg (Score:2)
Smart probes (Score:2)
Add a few virii infecting its programs and let the games begin.WELCOME TO THE WEB OFFICE OF
BRAD KOCHUNAS, M. A.
Bringing Therapy and Astrology Together
Astrotherapy is $70. per session. Sliding fee scale may be available.
Consultation is $100 for a 1 1/2 hour session. Simple chart explanation session 1 hour $60. Payment is expected at the end of each session.
eConsult fee is $175. eConsult payment is due via PayPal prior to our working together.
eConsults are writing intensive online exchanges about personal concerns using the astrology to guide us. These are especially good for people with scheduling problems or who enjoy journal keeping, letter writing, blogging, etc. These exchanges may extend anywhere from two weeks to two months.
This is a collaborative dialogue exploring your natal chart to discern your motivational drives, attitudes, relational style, communication pattern, attachment needs, potential strengths, life themes, and critical challenges.A streamlined one hour detailed explanation of your chart is also available.
Astrotherapy is the application of astrological principles to the therapeutic process. This is for the person who may be experiencing difficult life transitions, stress, loss, grief, depression, anxiety, relational or career concerns., matured, and blossomed within you? This is the value of astrology.The College Store, located in the Student Center, provides required textbooks, study materials, and supplies. Textbooks can also be purchased via the Online College Store. The College Store offers Coastal clothing as well as a selection of insignia merchandise, gifts, and electronics.
Please note that Student ID numbers are required to purchase books at the College (Book) Store. ID numbers are given to you upon registration.
Hours of Operation
Monday – Thursday 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
Friday 8:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
The College Store will be open extended hours during the beginning of each semester. These hours are posted on the doors.
Methods of Payment
- Cash
- Personal check – with valid Coastal Carolina Student I.D.
- Visa, Mastercard, American Express, or Discover
- Scholarship/Pell Grant*
*Scholarship/Pell Charges are accepted during specified dates before each semester for students who qualify. A valid Coastal Carolina Student I.D. must be presented.
Bucks for Books – Texbook BuyBack
A textbook buy-back is scheduled during the days of final exams for the purpose of buying and recycling of textbooks for the next semester.
10 Things that affect how much you get for your text books:
- Participation in buyback during specific dates posted
- Whether or not you are selling the textbook during the same semester in which you purchased it
- Whether or not your book is in the wholesale buyback guide
- Whether or not there is an overstock of your book, due to class cancellations or over ordering
- Whether or not the book publisher has changed the book edition
- Whether or not the book is still being used by the college
- The condition of the textbook
- Your place in the buyback line
- The quantity of your book needed for the store
- Whether or not the book you have is included on the IN DEMAND textbook list
FYI: Did you know that you could receive half of the new price, even if you bought the book used?
If the college store needs the book (it is on our IN DEMAND buyback book list), and you show up on buyback day before the quantity needed is reached, you will receive half of the new textbook price.
For example:
You buy a used History book for $50.00. The new ones sell for $75.00. At the end of the semester, you get up early, wait in line, and the book is on the IN DEMAND book list for a needed quantity of 60. If you reach the front of the line before the 60th textbook is received, you will be paid $37.50 for your textbook. If you originally paid $50.00 for the book and now receive $37.50 back, you essentially paid $12.50 for the book.By Matt Hougan
CNBC asked me on air Thursday to discuss how European ETFs have been performing and what looks attractive from here. My short answer was that European ETFs have been getting clobbered.
Investors have been hit by the one-two punch of a falling European market and a falling currency. Of the two, currency has been the bigger problem.
Remember: Every international equity investment is a bet on both the market and the currency. If you buy a broad-based eurozone ETF like the iShares MSCI EMU ETF (NYSEARCA:EZU) and the European market rallies 5 percent, but the euro falls 10 percent, you’ve still lost money.
Total returns, after all, are the sum of market returns plus or minus currency returns
Usually, market returns overwhelm the impact of currency, but that hasn’t been the case recently. Through yesterday, the local version of the MSCI European Monetary Union Index was only down about 9 percent on the year, but the dollar version (and the EZU ETF) has fallen 22 percent, because the euro has been crushed year-to-date.
There are a few clever new ETFs that account for this. I didn’t get to mention them on air, but WisdomTree has two ETFs that hedge out the currency risk: the WisdomTree International Hedged Equity ETF (NYSEARCA:HEDJ) and the WisdomTree Japan Hedged Equity ETF (NYSEARCA:DXJ). Both give you pure exposure to the local returns of the benchmark indexes.
HEDJ is interesting because WisdomTree also offers a sister fund that tracks the same index but doesn’t hedge out currency, the WisdomTree DEFA ETF (NYSEARCA:DWM). Year-to-date, HEDJ has outperformed DWM by more than 12 percent.
click to enlarge
Unfortunately, there’s currently no European-only equity fund offering hedged exposure to the market. HEDJ is about two-thirds Europe, with the remainder of the fund scattered among Japan, Australia, China and other Asian regions.
So, before you go jumping into European stocks, remember that you’re making a big bet on the euro. That may be a good thing in the short term—many signs point toward at least a temporary snapback rally in the euro. But over the longer term, I don’t know if it’s such a good place to be.At least the WashPost knows that “green jobs” are a hoax.
“Straight talk is important. Policies to reduce emissions should not be justified with appeals to green jobs or energy independence. Americans should hear from their leaders about the risks the planet faces and why it makes sense to spend now to head off more costly consequences later.” [Washington Post]Manx
Breed of cat
External Web sites
- Cat Health Care Guide - Manx Cat
- Cat breeds Encyclopedia - The Manx Cat
- Danzante Manx - The Manx Cat
- Fanciers Breeder Referral List - Manx
- Iloveindia.com - Pets - Manx Cat
- Love My Pet - Manx
- Moggies - Home of the online Cat Guide - Manx
- PetMD - Manx
- The Cat Fanciers’ Association - Manx
- The International Cat Association - Manx
- Vetstreet - Manx
Britannica Web sites
Articles from Britannica encyclopedias for elementary and high school students.
- Manx - Student Encyclopedia (Ages 11 and up)
A breed of tailless shorthaired cat, the Manx has a small, tufted hollow where a tail would normally grow. Its coat has the texture of a rabbit’s and can be any variety of colors or patterns. The cat’s ears are medium-sized with slightly rounded tips, and its eyes are large and round and vary with coat color. The Manx has a playful and active nature and is a ruthless mouser. It bears very small litters, and the kittens may often be malformed or stillborn. The surviving kittens are frequently chunky. The cat is often off balance because of the lack of a tail’s balancing effect. Skeletal defects are common in adults.Library JournalCit
More About This Textbook
Overview.
Editorial Reviews
Library Journal
Cit
Journal of Military HistoryAn engagingly written and thoughtful study that will be of great value to experts and novices alike.
From the Publisher"Citino's well written and thoughtful study will be of great value to experts and novices alike."—NYMAS Review, New York Military Affairs Symposium

"[This book] establishes Robert Citino as a major figure in the history of the German army in World War II."—Military History
Product Details
Related Subjects
Meet the Author
Robert M. Citino is professor of history at the University of North Texas and author of The German Way of War: From the Thirty Years' War to the Third Reich; Quest for Decisive Victory: From Stalemate to Blitzkrieg in Europe, 1899-1940; and Blitzkrieg to Desert Storm: The Evolution of Operational Warfare, which won both the Society for Military History's Distinguished Book Award and the American Historical Association's Paul Birdsall Prize.
Table of Contents
List of Illustrations ix
Acknowledgments xiii
Introduction 1
From Victory to Defeat: 1941 14
The Wehrmacht Reborn: The Crimean Campaign 50
The Wehrmacht Reborn: Annihilation at Kharkov 85
Battering the British: Gazala and Tobruk 116
Debacle: The 1942 Summer Campaign 152
Coming to a Halt: North Africa 193
Coming to a Halt: The Caucasus and Stalingrad 223
The End: El Alamein and Stalingrad 267
Conclusion: The Death of the Wehrmacht 303
Notes 311
Bibliography 385
Index 411Action […]
The Different Safe Routes to School
Everyone in Massachusetts should have the option to ride his or her bike safely. This is especially true for young, school-aged riders. The benefits of getting kids on bikes are big: healthier kids, less air pollution, and a larger cycling community that can encourage infrastructure changes such as new bike lanes or paths. But one […]
Action Alert: Help Create a People’s Pike
Thursday, September 18, come to the public meeting on the Mass Pike Realignment, which will rebuild the Pike and Cambridge Street in Allston. A strong cyclist presence at the meeting means a strong voice for a new “People’s Pike” built with all users, including local cyclists, in mind. Come to the meeting and let MassDOT […]
Foxx Announces New Initiative at Pro Walk/Pro Bike […]
Will Beer for Bike
You […]
Biking in Melrose: Good for Business
This […]
MassBike Is Hiring a New Executive Director
Yesterday!
Executive Director David Watson Shifts Gears
Today our Executive Director, David Watson, announced that he will be leaving MassBike. David has been with us for more than eight years and in that time has used his passion for biking to help make Massachusetts safer for all cyclists. Watson remembers biking in the streets of Massachusetts at the beginning of his tenure […]...It’s 6:13 a.m., 55° and heading for 61°. It’s going to be cloudy. Windy. Details are here.
If you’re real San Francisco people, you won’t let that deter you from going to see the free Phono del Sol music and food festival, held by the Bay Bridged and Tiny Telephone recording studios. It may be free, but they expect it to sell out, due to the limited capacity of the bandshell at Potrero del Sol Park. Locals will remember that Potrero del Sol was once part of The Farm, which held legendary punk shows. So it’s good to see music still being played over there.
Our first truly legal brewery in decades grows at Treat and 19th. Locals will remember that the Mission used to make most of the city’s beer, largely because of its access to fresh water.
And because New York can’t get enough of us, The New York Times reviews Locanda. Locals will remember that our food has always been better than New York’s.404 File Not Found
Host by NetBox Version 2.8 Build 4128
Baby Quasar Blue Light Therapy Device for Acne is a powerful anti-acne skin care device that kills bacteria causing acne and treats inflammatory acne vulgaris. It's gentle, natural and painless solution to cure acne and give you a smoother and cleaner skin.
Continuous usage of this treatment can improve the appearance of acneic skin. It results in long-lasting cleaner skin with clean)UPDATE: AP now reporting a trade between the Heat and the Raptors, subject to league approval. Shawn Marion, Marcus Banks and cash go from Miami to Toronto in exchange for Jermaine O'Neal, Jamario Moon and a conditional draft pick.
O'Neal on the move again.
Does Toronto end up with regret a la Portland?
Another deal rumored is that Vince Carter could go to Dallas along with Eduardo Najera, Keyon Dooling in exchange for Josh Howard and Jerry Stackhouse. Keep an eye on.
Blazers coach Nate McMillan loves Ridnour's game, and Jefferson would give the Blazers a character guy who could immediately fill the small forward role. But first and foremost, we're talking about rumors and my bet is that the Blazers are going to come out of left-field with a surprise on deadline day.
While we're waiting to see what happens with this...
If you haven't already seen the John Tesh-NBA video, it's a must see. Absolute gold. Check it out here. It's nothing short of an awesome couple of minutes, and it's probably causing a national reduction in workplace productivity.
I personally consider it a piece of national history, so it's worth the view. (Bill Simmons, and others, have posted it as well. I pulled it from Youtube.) Nevertheless, it will preoccupy you while you're wading through the non-offers and trying to read between the lines on the latest Blazers trade speculation.
Now...
The Blazers are going to continue to field offers for the LaFrentz contract, and I'd be surprised if they were left holding the paper after the NBA trade deadline on Feb. 19.
Owner Paul Allen is a leverage guy all the way. If you followed the Rose Garden Arena bankruptcy filing and subsequent wrangling between the Blazers owner and the bondholders you know what I'm talking about.
Allen ended up with the building, but not after a drawn-out poker game. Without exception, Allen likes to see everyone else's cards on the table before he makes a move. That's what you do when you're in a position of leverage and the Blazers are sitting pretty with this one.LC Contemporary Classic Note
We, too, find the traditional brigadeiros to be rather cloying. But this contemporary classic rendition from Leticia Moreinos Schwartz? Just try to stop reaching for another.
Brigadeiros Recipe
- Quick Glance
- 40 M
- 40 M
- Makes 40 brigadeiros
Want it? Click it..
Hungry for more? Chow down on these:
- Nutella Chocolate Truffles from Steamy Kitchen
- Chocolate Turtle Cookies from Two Peas & Their Pod
- Chocolate Nougat from Leite's Culinaria
- Fast and Easy Nibby Fudge from Leite's Culinaria
Brigadeiros Recipe © 2010 Leticia Moreinos Schwartz. Photo © 2010 Ben Fink. All rights reserved."Dinner Made Easy" Program is Made Easier with Text Messaging Aimed at Families in Need Partnership for a Healthier America and Share Our Strength Kicking Off Pilot Program Utilizing SoundBite's Mobile Offerings us on Twitter @SoundBiteComm for more information. CONTACT: Company Contact Lynn Ricci SoundBite Communications +1 781 897 2696 lricci@soundbite.com SoundBite Communications
"Dinner Made Easy" Program is Made Easier with Text Messaging Aimed at Families in Need
Save
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.- OSI-Approved Open Source (11)
- Creative Commons Attribution License (1)
- Public Domain (1)
- Linux (10)
- Windows (10)
- Mac (7)
- Grouping and Descriptive Categories (6)
- Modern (4)
- BSD (2)
Top Apps
- Audio & Video
- Business & Enterprise
- Communications
- Development
- Home & Education
- Games
- Graphics
- Science & Engineering
- Security & Utilities
- System Administration
Event Manager
Java enterprise internet-enabled system for managing events such as summer camps
GRA4 Social Network for phpBB
phpBB Social Network MOD2 weekly downloads
PReports - Visual editor
A tool to help in customization and generation of reports in PDF to open source web-based systems. It was developed a visual editor using PHP for interactive design of reports, according to the needs of the developer.1
Designações da Escola
Têm como objetivo facilitar as designações para a EM
Open Mail Marketing Manager
The project OpenMmM, Mail Marketing Manager is a application to manage your lists of mail marketing and manage the lists with categories. The application use the web 2.0 interface with Ajax libraryINTRODUCTION
Cotton (Gossypium hirsutum L.), a member of Malvaceae family, is the world most important fiber crop accounting for 48% of the yield trade in natural and synthetic fiber. Cotton fabrics dating back to 3000 BC were found in the Indus valley in Pakistan.
Pakistan is an important cotton and yarn producing country with potential to become a key force in the global cotton and textile market place. Cotton and cotton products contribute about 10% to GDP and 62.3% percent to the foreign exchange earnings of the country (Anonymous, 2003-2004). It provides raw material to domestic cotton industry comprising 503 textile mills, 12139 ginning factories and 5000 oil expelling units. It has 85% share in total vegetable oil produced in the country. Cotton seed cake, an important by-product of cotton, is a valuable source of protein for ruminant cattle. In addition, 40% labour force of the country is employed in cotton fields and cotton processing mills (Mahmood, 1999). Keeping in view the above facts, cotton can rightly be considered as internationally trade crop and plays pivotal role in agriculture based economy of Pakistan.
Production of cotton is provisionally estimated at 10211 thousand bales for 2002-2003 which is 3.8% lower than last year. Cotton was cultivated on the area of 2796 thousand hectares (Anonymous, 2003-2004). It is an ironic fact that despite notable increase in the production of cotton over the years, the quality of cotton has been declining. Certain factors like improper picking methods, adulteration of cotton with water and insect pests, mixed grades and seed varieties have all played their part. Coupled with improper packaging, storage and transportation (farm to market) means, the situation has resulted in an estimated loss of $350 million annually for the country. Average yield is 621 kg ha-1 which is lower than other cotton producing countries due to many reasons (Pakistan Central Cotton Committee, 2003).
Cotton with its green, succulent leaves, larger open flowers, nectarines on every leaf and flower, abundance of fruits attract and support a great variety of insect pests. The core of the problem facing the countrys cotton industry has been absence of proper protection measures against insect pests. About 1362 insect species are known to occur on cotton crop in the world. In Pakistan also, nearly 148 insect species have been recorded on this crop. Out of which only 17 species of the insects recorded on cotton can be considered as major pests of cotton crop (Abbas, 2001).
They cause heavy qualitative and quantitative losses varying from 70.64% have been reported in Pakistan under various combinations and conditions (Ali and Mumtaz, 1997). According to an estimate in 1970, annual crop losses exceeding Rs. 6,000 crore are infected by pests of which insects cause 20% (Paroda, 1993).
In Pakistan, plant protection mainly revolving around the greater use of insecticides, however, it has played a major role in achieving high cotton production targets.
The exhaustative and injudicious use of insecticides besides creating problem of health hazards and environmental pollution, has also resulted in the development of resistance in large number of insect pests (Mohyuddin et al., 1997; Soerjani, 1998). Indiscriminate use of pesticides kills the natural enemies resulting in flare up of pest population (Hamburg and Guest, 1997; Yousaf, 1996).
The huge amount of foreign exchange is spent on the import of pesticides every year. The import of pesticides were increased from 20678 matric tonns having 7721 million rupees in 2001 to 27103 metric tons having 6790 million rupees in 2002 (Anonymous, 2003-2004).
Integrated pest management, a greener alternative to the conventional use of chemicals, is an attempt to promote natural, economic and sociological farming methods through the most effective combination of forming techniques and judicious and limited use of pesticides. The review of IPM demonstrated that, globally, researchers are seeking to develop and refine approaches that incorporate the three major principles of integrated pest management, productivity, profitability and ecological soundness into cotton production system. The sole reliance on pesticides create a lot of problems such as pesticide resistance in pests, pest resurgence, secondary pest out break, increasing cast of pesticides, pesticide residues in food, ill effect on non target organisms and environmental pollution, etc. These maladies of injudicious use of pesticides have forced workers to turn toward biological control as an environmental friendly method of pest control. Biological control now forms an integral part of pest management and alternative for chemical control (Vaishshali and Sathe, 2003).
Rahman and Munir (1989) worked on the development of integrated pest management, pesticide treatments and their effects on cotton crops and the potential of natural enemies of insect pests. The biological control has been economically successful and ecologically sound in modern progressive and intensive agriculture. According to Roemeis and Shanower (1996) and Ahmad et al. (1998) Trichogramma sp. has been the great potential to control bollworms in cotton IPM. Under IPM, biological control of insect pests through their predators and parasites are internationally recognized approaches. In the same way, the biological control, the most compatible technique is an internationally recognized approach of IPM. For this purpose, effective parasites and predators of the pests are available in nature, which can play an important role for the suppression of pests, if properly utilized.
Twenty three species of predators from cotton fields in Multan area consisting of four arachnids, ten Coccinellids, Chrysopids, lygaeid, anthocorid and three formicids (Cheema et al., 1980).
The predators being a major segment of biological control, scattered in about 167 families of 14 orders of class insecta (Sathe and Bhosle, 2001).
Mohyuddin (1981) reported different species of predators and parasites from Pakistan. These predators and parasites control different pests of cotton like pink bollworm, spotted bollworm, leaf roller, american bollworm and cotton whitefly. Some of these entomophagous insects are Apenteles sp., Bracon gelechaie, B. greeni, B. hebetor, Chrysopa carnea, Geocoris tricolor; Rhynocoris fuscipes. Mohyuddin and Habib (1977) showed that during the investigation, 15 species of the parasites and 57 of the predators and 2 of pathogens were recorded to attack pink bollworm. The natural fauna of entomophagous insects of pink bollworm in Pakistan is deficient in egg and egg larval parasites. Habib and Muhyuddin (1981) had reported 27 species of parasites in Pakistan. The important parasites reported include Elasmus johnstoni Ferr. (Elasmidae); Bracon greeni Ash., Rogas restaceus Spinola (Braconidae) and Gorryphus nursci Cam. (Ichneumonodae). Khuhro et al. (2002) surveyed cotton and alfalfa fields at the experimental field of Integrated Pest Management (IPM), Agriculture Research Institute (ARI) Tandojam, during June to September 2000. They recorded that twelve predators were recorded Campylomma nicolasi, Brumus suturalis, Staphylinid hutchinsoni, Paederus fuscipes, Coccinella undecimpunctata, Orius laevigatus, Chrysoperla carnea, Geocoris tricolor, Formicomus antiqumus, Laius malleifer, Delta sp. and Spider. Keeping in view the endeavor of aforementioned researchers, this project was planed to explore the entomophagous insects in cotton belt.
MATERIALS AND METHODS
The collection of Entomophagous insects had been done from cotton belt of Punjab.
Study area: The study was conducted in the cropping regions of cotton through out the year 2004-05.The following selective localities of Punjab were: Vehari, Multan, Melsi, Rahim Yar Khan, Bahawalpur and Sahiwal.
In each locality, a plot of 10 acres was selected. For comprehensive survey, the data was recorded randomly from 2 acres in each locality on fortnightly basis and the data was recorded. The meteorological data was recorded for each collection day in each locality.
Study materials: The Entomophagous insects of cotton belonging to various orders were collected for survey in each locality.
Collection: Different collection techniques were used to collect the entomophagous insects of cotton. These entomophagous insects include immature stages and their adults from different habitat. The collection was made randomly by aspirator, sweep netting, hand picking, leaf beating and light trapping.
A light trap with electric bulb emitting white light at a height of four feet from the ground level was put up once a fortnight in an open place near cotton fields. The light trap was operated from dusk to dawn. All the collected entomophagous insects were killed next morning.
Net sweeping with hand nets was done for entomophagous insects present in the canopy of the crop for an hour time from each area to collect the data. It was done randomly throughout the experimental sites without dividing the area or selecting the sub-area.
Aspirator with small 16 volts battery was used to collect the small and minute parasitoids from different parts of cotton crop.
Preservation: Collection was done on fortnightly basis in each locality.
The specimens for each and every collection day were treated separately. The
collected mature specimen were killed in a cyanide killing bottle, pinned, set,
labeled and mounted in collection boxes for the safety of the collected specimen.
The collected immature specimen and soft-bodied specimens were put into vials
containing 70% alcohol for count. Each collection made on fortnight intervals
was labeled accordingly containing date of collection, locality name, common
name, technical name of the specimen.
Identification: Collected specimens were identified in the laboratory side by side with the help of available material. For identification, microscope with high magnification and different taxonomic keys were used.
RESULTS AND DISCUSSION
Data regarding the average population density of different predators and parasitoids
in the agro ecosystem of Vehari, Multan, Melsi, Rahim Yar Khan, Bahawalpur and
Sahiwal is collected from five localities each SP1, SP2,
SP3, SP4 and SP5 from the months of August
to October is given in Table 1. Maximum average population
of Geocoris (7.2 collected/25 plants) was recorded from Vehari followed
by Orius (7.0 collected/25 plants), Spiders (7 collected/25 plants),
Ants (6.6 collected/25 plants), Predatory mite (5.6 collected/25 plants),
Chrysopa sp. (4.4 collected/25 plants), whereas from Multan, maximum average
population of Orius (8.4 collected/25 plants) was recorded followed
by Spiders (8.0 collected/25 plants), Geocoris (7.4 collected/25 plants),
Ants (7.4 collected/25 plants), Predatory mite (6.6 collected/25 plants), Chrysopa
sp. (5.4 collected/25 plants), while in Melsi maximum average population of
Spiders (7.8 collected/25 plants) was recorded followed by Orius (8.0
collected/25 plants), Geocoris (7.8 collected/25 plants), Ants (7.8 collected/25
plants), Predatory mite (6.6 collected/25 plants), Chrysopa sp. (5.6
collected/25 plants), whereas in Rahim Yar Khan maximum average population of
Orius (8.6 collected/25 plants) was recorded followed by Spiders (8.6
collected/25 plants), Geocoris (8.4 collected/25 plants), Ants (7.4
collected/25 plants), Predatory mite (6.8 collected/25 plants), Trichogramma
sp. (5.6 collected/25 plants) while in Bahawalpur maximum average population
of Geocoris (7.6 collected/25 plants) was recorded followed by Orius
(7.4 collected/25 plants), Ants (6.6 collected/25 plants), Spiders (6.2
collected/25 plants), Chrysopa sp. (5.2 collected/25 plants), Predatory
mite (5.2 collected/25 plants) and while in Sahiwal maximum average population
of Geocoris (7 collected/25 plants) was recorded followed by Spiders
(7.0 collected/25 plants), Orius (6.6 collected/25 plants), Ants (6.6
collected/25 plants), Predatory mite (5.6 collected/25 plants), Trichogramma
sp. (5.0 collected/25 plants) in descending order, respectively (Table
1).
The results of these data showed that predators are more dominant as compared to parasitoids.
The finding of these studies is at par with Mohyuddin and Habib (1977), Irshad
(2003), Khuhro et al. (2002), Mohyuddin (1981) and Attique et al.
(2001). Among all these entomophagous arthropods Orius bug, Geocoris
bug, Spiders and Ants were found to be more active in the growing season of
cotton. This showed the high adoptability to the agro-climatic conditions and
the farming system so these can be collected, mass reared and used in IPM program
of cotton to reduce the number of the sprays in the cotton crop. The low population
density of other entomophagous arthropods may be attributed to the high susceptibility
towards chemicals being sprayed blindly on cotton crop, to unability to get
adopted and climatic conditions prevailed in cotton belt. Area wise variation
in population densities of these entomophagous arthropods may be due to different
cropping patterns (Dhaliwal and Arora, 2003, Mohyuddin, 1994, Pillai et al.,
1993). Figure 1-6 showed the trend of population
build up of almost all the entomophagous arthropods in all localities are the
same during the observation period ranging from August to October.
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
The author is grateful to Dr. Anjum Suhail, the head of the Biodiversity Group of the Department of Agri-Entomology, University of Agriculture, Faisalabad for his fruitful guidance in the identification of collected specimens.Rock climbing Táchira, Venezuela
No opinions for Táchira yet ... leave your opinion
This map of rock climbing around Táchira, Venezuela is a summary showing Táchira's indoor climbing walls and the major outdoor rock climbing areas of Táchira. This page does not show individual locations for outdoor climbing in Táchira. To explore Táchira's outdoor rock climbing locations and see sub areas of the major Táchira climbing areas click through to one of the Táchira outdoor climbing areas listed on this page or one of its cities.
Cities with indoor climbing in Táchira
Climbfind does not know about any cities with climbing in Táchira.Add a city with climbing to Táchira
Indoor climbing walls in Táchira
Climbfind does not know about any indoor climbing walls in Táchira.Add indoor climbing to Táchira
Top rock climbing areas around Táchira
Climbfind does not know about any climbing areas around TáchiraAdd a climbing areaFelton, CAUSA
95018
Hometown: Felton
March 20, 2008
Graduated Brooks Institute Bachelor Science degrees: Commercial Photography and Photographic Illustration. Industrial Scientific - Laney College. United Press International shooter. Had studios in San Francisco, New York, Hong Kong. Loves teaching.
There's a lot to learn in the basic class, even if you've been shooting for a while. Many good shortcuts, menu explanations, trouble shooting ideas, and set up tips. Very useful information!
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyYaptest User Guide
Some notes on how to actually use yaptest…
This page covers how to setup a new test using yaptest and run some supported tools to begin a pentest. Also see the Installation page .
Assumptions
This guide assumes you’re using Linux and have PostgreSQL installed locally and that the database server allows you to connect as any user without a password (the default on gentoo).
Disclaimer: This configuration is bad from a security perspective unless:
- PostgreSQL is bound to the loopback interface only or accessed via unix domain sockets; AND
- You’re the only person allowed to log into the database server
It is also assumed that:
Starting a New Test
First start the postgresql backend. The command is normally something like:
# /etc/init.d/postgresql start
Use yaptest-wizard.pl to create a new database and a new directory to hold all your test data. This design is used to avoid mixing data from two clients either at the file-system level or at the database-level. If you don’t like interactive wizards use the tools yaptest-new-db.pl and yaptest-new-test-area.pl instead.
$ yaptest-wizard.pl ************************************************************************** * Starting yaptest-wizard.pl * * [ Using yaptest v0.0.7 - ] * ************************************************************************** __ __ __ __ / /___ _____ / /____ _____/ /_ / __ `/ __ / __/ _ / ___/ __/ / / /_/ / /_/ / /_/ __(__ ) /_ /_/__,_/ .___/__/___/____/__/ /_/ Doing the tedious bits so you don't have to THIS WIZARD CURRENLTY ONLY DEALS WITH THE CREATION OF NEW DATABASES AND TEST AREAS ========================================================================= Database Configuration You are currenlty not configured to use a database. Options: 1: Create a new database q: Quit NB: If you previously created a database and want to use it, quit, change to the corresponding directory, 'source env.sh', then re-run this wizard. Enter option (1, q):
Select 1 to create a new database. Give it a name like “abc_company”. This is also used for a directory which should be used to store all your tool output.
Enter option (1, q): 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------- ========================================================================= Create New Database
Enter a name for the new database. A subdirectory of the same name will be created at the same time.
Current Directory: /home/u Enter name for new yaptest database (or CTRL-C to quit): abc_company ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Database name: abc_company Creating directory 'abc_company'...done Creating database 'abc_company' Config file: /home/u/abc_company/yaptest.conf Writing to config file /home/u/abc_company/yaptest.conf Creating file env.sh Restarting wizard with new configuration
... ========================================================================= Database Configuration You are currently configured to use: Database: abc_company Test Dir: /home/u/abc_company The following test areas exist in this database: <none> Options: 1: Create a new test area in above database 2: Create a new database q: Quit
NB: If you previously created different database and want to use it, quit, change to the corresponding directory, 'source env.sh', then re-run this wizard. Enter option (1, 2, q):
Next you’ll need to create at least on test area. In this context a “test area” is a pair of location-of-pentest-lappy and target-network. The following example test areas illustrate the meaning of “test area”:
- Test area “inet_to_us_gw” could mean testing over the Internet towards your client’s United State gateway
- Test area “vlan123_local” could mean connecting to VLAN123 and testing the local hosts on that segment
- Test area “userlan_to_dmz” could mean connecting to the Internal network and scanning the DMZ
The larger the pentest, the more important it is that you choose sensible names. For small tests, anything will do. We’ll go with “external”:
Enter option (1, 2, q): 1
------------------------------------------------------------------------- ========================================================================= Create New Test Area To create a new test area (internal, vlan100, network123, etc.) enter the test area name below. A directory of the name name will be created at same time.
Current Directory: /home/u/abc_company Enter name for new test area (or CTRL-C to quit): external ------------------------------------------------------------------------- Database name: external Creating directory 'external'...done Creating test area 'external' Writing to config file yaptest.conf Creating file env.sh ------------------------------------------------------------------------- ========================================================================= Now quit the wizard with q: Enter option (1, 2, q): q ------------------------------------------------------------------------- IMPORTANT: To use your newly created test areas you must first: $ cd abc_company/yourtestarea $ source env.sh
Follow the “important” instructions above:
$ cd abc_company/ $ cd external/ $ source env.sh
Any yaptest scripts you run will now:
- Know which database to use
- Know which test area you’re currently assessing
- Save scan data to the correct directory
NB: If you forget to “source env.sh” all the yaptest script will throw an error like:
ERROR: Environment variable YAPTEST_DBNAME is not set...
You can create new test areas later on using the wizard. To view a list of test areas either use the wizard or the command:
$ yaptest-test-areas.pl query
In the next section we’ll do some scanning. Once you’ve finished a test area and need to move to the next one it’s important that you move to the corresponding directory and “source” the env.sh file:
$ cd ../external_gw2
$ source env.sh
Doing some scanning
For this section we’ll assume that we’re testing the local network segment so we can demonstrate the use of ARP for host-discovery.
The first thing you’d normally do when running yaptest is to add all the IP addresses you want to test into the backend database. First we need to find a list of live hosts.
We need to be root to run arp-scan , so the use of sudo is recommended. However if you can’t be bothered configuring sudo to preserve the right parts of your environment do this:
$ su
# pwd
/home/u/abc_company/vlan1
# source env.sh
Check that yaptest knows the correct network interface to use. And set it if not. The help message describes how to do this:
# yaptest-arp-scan-local-network.pl --help Usage: yaptest-arp-scan-local-network.pl ARP scans the local network. This script needs to know the Network Interface to use. This is found from the 'yaptest_interface' config option: $ yaptest-config.pl query yaptest_interface $ yaptest-config.pl set yaptest_interface eth0 NB: This script relies on arp-scan being in the path
Start the scan…
# yaptest-arp-scan-local-network.pl [PID 936] ------------------ Yaptest "run_test" executing command ... --------------------- [PID 936] Command ............. arp-scan -r 2 -I vmnet1 -l [PID 936] Output File ......... arp-scan.out.2 [PID 936] --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [PID 936] Interface: vmnet1, datalink type: EN10MB (Ethernet) [PID 936] Starting arp-scan 1.5 with 256 hosts () [PID 936] 172.16.16.4 00:0c:29:f3:6b:a8 VMware, Inc. [PID 936] 172.16.16.5 00:0c:29:09:8d:2e VMware, Inc. [PID 936] 172.16.16.6 00:0c:29:31:dc:1b VMware, Inc. [PID 936] 172.16.16.7 00:0c:29:3d:85:01 VMware, Inc. [PID 936] 172.16.16.8 00:0c:29:8b:2d:e3 VMware, Inc. [PID 936] 172.16.16.9 00:0c:29:f7:de:4e VMware, Inc. [PID 936] 172.16.16.10 00:0c:29:d6:64:c3 VMware, Inc. [PID 936] 172.16.16.254 00:50:56:ea:9d:d8 VMWare, Inc. [PID 936] [PID 936] 8 packets received by filter, 0 packets dropped by kernel [PID 936] Ending arp-scan 1.5: 256 hosts scanned in 1.283 seconds (199.53 hosts/sec). 8 responded
Note that if you run this command twice a different output file will be used to avoid clobbering the first.
The output from arp-scan will be automatically parsed by yaptest-parse-arp-scan.pl (as of yaptest 0.0.7). If for any reason you need to parse the output of an old arp-scan, you can do this manually:
# yaptest-parse-arp-scan.pl arp-scan.out.2 ************************************************************************** * Starting yaptest-parse-arp-scan.pl * * [ Using yaptest v0.0.4 - ] * ************************************************************************** Processing arp-scan.out.2... Interface: vmnet1, datalink type: EN10MB (Ethernet) Starting arp-scan 1.5 with 256 hosts () 172.16.16.4 00:0c:29:f3:6b:a8 VMware, Inc. PARSED: IP=172.16.16.4, MAC=00:0c:29:f3:6b:a8, DESC=VMware, Inc. 172.16.16.5 00:0c:29:09:8d:2e VMware, Inc. PARSED: IP=172.16.16.5, MAC=00:0c:29:09:8d:2e, DESC=VMware, Inc. 172.16.16.6 00:0c:29:31:dc:1b VMware, Inc. PARSED: IP=172.16.16.6, MAC=00:0c:29:31:dc:1b, DESC=VMware, Inc. ...
Once this is done, our backend database will be populated with a list of hosts to scan.
# vlan1 172.16.16.254 null null Total records: 8
You can remove any hosts that you don’t want scanned:
# yaptest-hosts.pl delete -i 172.16.16.254
Deleting 172.16.16.254
# Total records: 7
The other tools can then draw on this information to perform further testing. Note that you can also add a list of hosts to scan using the script yaptest-hosts.pl (for those occassions when ARP scanning isn’t appropriate).
# yaptest-hosts.pl add -f ips.txt
At this point, you’d probably just run yaptest-db-ips.sh to run a whole load of different pre-configured tests. However, for the purposes of this tutorial, we’ll run some of the commands from yaptest-db-ips.sh manually.
Fisrt we’ll do a TCP portscan using yapscan . The following script connects to the database to find which hosts it needs to scan:
# yaptest-yapscan-tcp.pl
[PID 1057] ------------------ Yaptest "run_test" executing command ... --------------------- [PID 1057] Command ............. yapscan -sS -r 2 -i vmnet1 -b 1000000 -P all -f yaptest-ips-0YZ4x [PID 1057] Output File ......... yapscan-tcp.out.2 [PID 1057] --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- [PID 1057] Starting Yapscan v0.7.1-beta ( ) [PID 1057] [PID 1057] ---------------------------------------------------------- [PID 1057] | Scan Information | [PID 1057] ---------------------------------------------------------- [PID 1057] Scan type: ......... TCP [PID 1057] IPs File: .......... yaptest-ips-0YZ4x [PID 1057] Interface: ......... vmnet1 [PID 1057] Bandwidth limit: ... 1000000 bits/sec [PID 1057] Source address: .... 172.16.16.1 [PID 1057] RTT: ............... 0.950000 secs [PID 1057] Retries: ........... 2 [PID 1057] Max Memory: ........ 150000 KBytes (Scanning up to 36 hosts at once) [PID 1057] Port file: ......... all [PID 1057] Port count: ........ 65535 [PID 1057] Show closed ports .. off [PID 1057] [PID 1057] ####### Scan of first 7 hosts started at 2007-07-28 13:04:50 +0000 ######### [PID 1057] 172.16.16.5:7 echo Len=44 TTL=128 IPID=19039 FLAGS=SA______ SEQ=0xfca78ae9 ACK=0xf37388f7 WIN=64240 [PID 1057] 172.16.16.5:9 discard Len=44 TTL=128 IPID=19040 FLAGS=SA______ SEQ=0xfca860e6 ACK=0x76bb1a85 WIN=64240 [PID 1057] 172.16.16.7:7 echo Len=44 TTL=255 IPID=47493 FLAGS=SA______ SEQ=0x0c7efba5 ACK=0x6058dc5d WIN=9112 ...
Again the output from yapscan will be automatically parsed (as of 0.0.7) and a list of open ports saved in the backend database. This information is used later by other tools. If you want to parse the output of an old yapscan manually you can use yaptest-parse-yapscan.pl.
Use the yaptest-ports.pl command to list the open ports in the backend database. Output is tab-delimited for each cutting and grepping:
# yaptest-ports.pl query vlan1 172.16.16.4 21 TCP vlan1 172.16.16.4 25 TCP vlan1 172.16.16.4 80 TCP vlan1 172.16.16.4 119 TCP vlan1 172.16.16.4 135 TCP ...
The help message describes the various other type of queries you can make about open ports:
yaptest-ports.pl ************************************************************************** * Starting yaptest-ports.pl * * [ Using yaptest v0.0.7 - ] * ************************************************************************** Usage: yaptest-ports.pl query [ options ] Lists open ports found Options are: -i ip IP to search for -p port Port to search for -t test_area Test area to search for -r string String to search for in 'rpcinfo -p' output (e.g. 'sadmind') -s string String to search for in nmap service string (e.g. 'http') -v string String to search for in nmap version string (e.g. 'Apache')
Here are some examples:
$ yaptest-ports.pl query -p 23 | cut -f 2 > telnet-ips.txt
$ yaptest-ports.pl query -r sadmind | cut -f 2 > sadmind-ips.txt
Other commands you can run that will operate on all hosts include:
- yaptest-nmap-udp.pl (parse with yaptest-parse-nmap-xml.pl)
- yaptest-onesixtyone.pl (parse with yaptest-parse-onesixtyone.pl)
- yaptest-nbtscan.pl
- yaptest-yapscan-icmp.pl (parse with yaptest-parse-yapscan-icmp.pl)
Testing some of the open ports
Now we’ll run nmap on all the open TCP ports so it can do it’s banner grabbing and service-identification magic. In this next example, up to 5 nmap processes are run in parallel. The output of these processes gets intermingled, but the individual output files will still make sense.
# yaptest-nmap-tcp.pl [PID 22469] ——————— Yaptest Running Command —————————- [PID 22469] Command …………. nmap -sS -P0 -n -O -v -A -oA nmap-tcp-10.10.0.243.out.22467 -p 111,21,22,23,25,32774,32775,32776,32777,32778,32780,32782,32784,32785,32786,32790, 32791,32792,32793,32794,32861,4045,513,514,587,5987,5988,7100,79,80,898,9010 10.10.0.243 [PID 22469] Output File ……… nmap-tcp-10.10.0.243.out.3 [PID 22469] ————————————————————————– [PID 22471] ——————— Yaptest Running Command —————————- [PID 22471] Command …………. nmap -sS -P0 -n -O -v -A -oA nmap-tcp-10.10.0.127.out.22467 -p 443 10.10.0.127 [PID 22471] Output File ……… nmap-tcp-10.10.0.127.out.2 [PID 22471] ————————————————————————– [PID 22471] [PID 22471] Starting Nmap 4.20 ( ) at 2007-06-30 21:27 BST [PID 22471] Initiating ARP Ping Scan at 21:27 …
The output can be parsed into the database as follows (you still need to do this manually as of v0.0.7):
$ yaptest-parse-nmap-xml.pl *.xml Processing nmap-tcp-172.16.16.10.out.31962.xml... IP: 172.16.16.10 PARSED: 172.16.16.10: echo (7/tcp) open PARSED: 172.16.16.10: discard (9/tcp) open PARSED: 172.16.16.10: daytime (13/tcp) open Sun Solaris daytime PARSED: 172.16.16.10: chargen (19/tcp) open PARSED: 172.16.16.10: ftp (21/tcp) open Solaris ftpd PARSED: 172.16.16.10: telnet (23/tcp) open BSD-derived telnetd PARSED: 172.16.16.10: smtp (25/tcp) open Sendmail 8.12.11+Sun/8.12.11 PARSED: 172.16.16.10: time (37/tcp) open (32 bits)
Now we run nikto on all of the HTTP and HTTPS services identified by nmap:
$ yaptest-nikto.pl Targets for this test are: 172.16.16.4 80 172.16.16.4 4066 172.16.16.5 80 172.16.16.5 9170 172.16.16.6 80 172.16.16.6 7140 172.16.16.6 8099 172.16.16.9 898 172.16.16.9 5988 Total records: 9 [PID 1130] ------------------ Yaptest "run_test" executing command ... --------------------- [PID 1130] Command ............. nikto.pl -nolookup 127.0.0.1 -h 172.16.16.4 -p 80 [PID 1130] Output File ......... nikto.pl-172.16.16.4-80.out [PID 1130] Inactivity Timeout .. 300 [PID 1130] --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ...
Other simple tests based on open ports include:
- yaptest-rpcinfo.pl
- yaptest-dcetest.pl
- yaptest-ntp.pl
- yaptest-telnet-fuser.pl
- yaptest-nxscan.pl
Check out yaptest-db-ips.sh for a more complete list. This will run pretty much all the tools yaptest support in the appropriate order.
Testing some RPC services
You can parse the output of rpcinfo like this:
$ yaptest-parse-rpcinfo.pl rpcinfo-*
The following tests are based on the output of rpcinfo, so yaptest-rcpinfo.pl must be run first:
- yaptest-rusers.pl
- yaptest-rup.pl
- yaptest-nfs.pl
Password guessing
The following scripts can be used to kick off password guessing against any of the supported protocols. You’ll need to tell yaptest where your dictionary files are kept first. The help message wille explain how to do this.
- yaptest-password-guess-
- yaptest-password-guess-mssql.pl
- yaptest-password-guess-rlogin.pl
- yaptest-password-guess-smb.pl
- yaptest-password-guess-ssh.pl
Other Yaptest-related stuff
If you want to run nessus, yaptest can give a list of ports that are open on the network (both UDP and TCP). The format is suitable for copy and pasting into most nessus clients:
$ yaptest-get-all-open-ports.pl 21,22,23,25,79,80,111,443,513,514,587,898,4045,5987,5988,7100,9010,32774,32775,32776,32777,32778,32780,32782,32784, 32785,32786,32790,32791,32792,32793,32794,32861
One script to run it all
After the database has been populated with the IPs you want to test, the following shell script can be used to start off most of the supported tests on targets in the database:
# yaptest-db-ips.sh
Yaptest can also keep track of value usernames, password and password hashes that you’ve collected. See Managing Login Credentials with Yaptest for more information.We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
If you are trying to collect details about Agnes Davidson, then you are in the right place. PeopleFinders.com can help you gather details about Agnes Davidson like possible relatives, known aliases, and physical address. With access to such a well organized database of public records and our exclusive DataTsunami™ logic, we can get info about anyone easily.
To help you determine the correct Agnes Davidson, we include snippets of information that we have in our records. This data helps our users to uncover the precise Agnes they are looking for and incorporates details like relatives, previous residences, and known aliases. If the Agnes on this page does not match the Agnes Agnes Davidson. And once you are able to identify the Agnes Davidson you are hunting for, you can take your time and examine the extensive database public records data for Agnes that is available.Image Unavailable
Color:
- Sorry, this item is not available in
- Image not available
- To view this video download Flash Player
I was so glad to find this item on Amazon as I could not find it in the stores any more. These pads are wonderful for cleaning my stove top as well as the glass door on my... Read morePublished 2 months ago by Mimi
I think this product (refills only) could be sold at a much lower price, however, these pads are the only product I've found that does such a great job making my stove top look... Read morePublished 2 months ago by Meema of Eight
Have used this product for years on stove top. It cleans beautifully with its applicator, removing cooked on food, grease and stains. Leaves cook top shining.Published 3 months ago by Jo-Ellen Catto
the best stove cleaner ever. I give for gifts to others that has a smooth stove top and it has always been a big hit.Published 4 months ago by Margy A.Froelich
I was delighted when I found this cleaner. It works well on my cook top with very little effort.Published 5 months ago by Amazon CustomerJessica White
"It's been great. I've learned so much and I've met so many incredible people. It's been everything I hoped for."
- Jessica White
After all this success -- including work with Hilfiger and Polo -- Jessica White still needed high-profile work to put her over the top. In 2003, this work came in the form of an appearance in Sports Illustrated's Swimsuit Issue. She followed this up over the next two years with bikini shoots in exotic locales for Sports Illustrated, establishing herself as an all-around successful model. Jessica White has also appeared in music videos for Jay-Z and John Legend.
Jessica White BiographyBorn in Buffalo, New York, in 1984, Jessica White grew up hardened by a tough neighborhood. By the age of 12, Jessica White had started partying and drinking, and by 13, she was smoking marijuana on a regular basis. Her rebellious childhood came to a head when, spurred by a catty argument with another girl, she attacked and severely damaged the girl's car with a baseball bat.
Fortunately, midway through adolescence, Jessica White had already developed into a attractive woman. Modeling scouts noticed her and offered her ample opportunities to make money -- if she moved to Paris. With visions of fat checks and fame in her head, Jessica White decided to make the move to the City of Light.
jessica white gets her first modeling contract
Starting a new life in a big city was not easy, but Jessica White quickly got wrapped up in the busy world of modeling. She received a contract with IMG agency and perfected her skills in preparation for upcoming photo shoots and appearances. Jessica White's first modeling credits include work for Cover Girl, an appearance in the Spring 2001 issue of Chloe and campaign work for Gap's holiday marketing blitz.
When Jessica White returned to New York -- and got settled in -- she quickly got work in several of the city's fashion shows during Fashion Week. The dark-complexioned beauty then appeared in two Harper's Bazaar pictorials as well as an edition of Teen Vogue. By 2002, Jessica White was one of the most talked about models in the city and in the industry at large.
jessica white in sports illustrated's swimsuit issue
Despite her success, Jessica White needed more face time in order to elevate herself to the level of supermodel. This boost came in the way of Sports Illustrated, as the magazine turned to her for a feature in the 2003 edition of its Swimsuit Issue. Jessica White quickly made headlines for this appearance, as well as for rumors that she had a torrid affair with a still-unnamed celebrity, and she finally achieved the level of fame she had desired for years.In 2004 and 2005, Jessica White returned to SI's Swimsuit Issue, becoming the first African-American model to appear in three consecutive editions of the annual feature. A hot photo shoot for King magazine and work for Tommy Hilfiger and Ralph Lauren's Polo solidified Jessica White's position as a versatile model with widespread appeal. She also appeared in the February 2008 SI Swimsuit Issue.
jessica white is an actress, appears again in si swimsuit issue In 2006, Jessica White appeared in the flick Big Momma's House, and she followed that up with a sexy stint in a music vid for John Legend the following year. Then, in 2008, she had a small role on the soap opera The Young and the Restless.
By the time 2009 rolled around, Jessica White was being seen on the screen as well as sprawled across pages of lad mags. Jessica White was featured in Sports Illustrated's Swimsuit Issue in February 2009.Global Tissue Group Announces New License With The U.S. Army Private label manufacturer to roll out patriotic paper products to retail
MEDFORD, N.Y., July 1, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Global Tissue Group Inc. (GTG), a leading private label paper manufacturer, has officially signed a licensing agreement with the U.S. Army brand. The U.S. Army brand will allow GTG's customers to honor their troops and veterans by offering a variety of products for the home.
"Our alliance with the U.S. Army was just what we were looking for all along," CMO Philip Shaoul exclaimed. "The brand fits perfectly with the durable and lasting qualities of our products and also stands for the 'there when you need it to be' quality found both in our products and in our troops."
GTG's line of U.S. Army branded products including paper towels, paper napkins and facial tissue that will be distributed to drug stores, grocery stores, club stores and discount retailers nationwide. Additionally, special to the partnership is the patriotism the program offers. "What we're really excited about is that the sales of this product will benefit the MWR (Morale, Welfare and Recreation) program for all soldiers, veterans and their families. It's good to give back to a worthy program."
Expect to see a new line of U.S. Army branded products around late May 2013 to honor Memorial Day and throughout the rest of the year to commemorate all patriotic holidays.
About Global Tissue Group, LLC.
Global Tissue Group is a leading private label paper manufacturer for bath tissue, facial tissue, napkins and paper towels with outstanding customer service reputation. Our goal is to ensure creating diversified and comfortable household paper products that cater to every market category. We bring the trust and comfort of our relationship to your consumers, who will grow to depend upon our standard of manufacturing excellence - and your brand, through our private label programs, contract manufacturing, or our control brands. Global Tissue provides value, quality and consistency, and prides success on relationship building with each partner.
The U.S. Army name, trademarks and logos are protected under federal law and used under license by Global Tissue Group.
By federal law, licensing fees paid to the U.S. Army for the use of its trademarks provide support to the Army Trademark Licensing Program, and net licensing revenue is devoted to U.S. Army Morale, Welfare, and Recreation programs.
This press release was issued through 24-7PressRelease.com. For further information, visit.
SOURCE Global Tissue GroupThe Yampa River flows through the heart of Steamboat Springs, Colorado. It is the only free-flowing river in the state, meaning that nowhere along its 261 miles is it obstructed by dams or diversions. The river begins in the headwaters of the White River National Forest and continues onto the Utah border where it meets up with the Green River. The Yampa river is a favorite among paddlers of all types. Most of the Yampa River flows through wide, deep canyons that tower above the riverbed. The two long runs, Lodore Canyon and Yampa Canyon, are Class III whitewater runs, but most of the runs on side creeks are rated Class IV to VI. Lodore Canyon is a 44-mile run, and Yampa Canyon is a 71-mile run. Most of the big water runs are for expert kayakers only, and are 5 miles or less. Steamboat Springs hosts an annual River Festival where kayakers come to compete from all across the nation. And is asually held at the end of May or early June. Backdoor Sports can furnish you with gear rentals and we also offer kayak lessons.
The back door at Backdoor Sports is steps away from the banks of the Yampa River, making it the ideal location to enjoy a local’s favorite – “Tubing the Yampa”. After the spring melt-off has subsided and the water has had a chance to warm up a bit, the residents of Steamboat Springs inflate their inner tubes and go floating. If you are visiting from out of town and would like to take a lazy ride down the river, please stop by and let us help you out. Backdoor Sports has the best tubes and tube seats available to make your trip as comfortable as possible. Rental tubes are available for $18, which also includes a shuttle ride back to the drop-in location.
Here’s a list of need-to-know information:
- To ensure that the river doesn’t become overcrowded, we regulate the number of tubes allowed in the river at one time. Be sure to come early to enjoy a quiet trip down the river.
- Water shoes are also required for your safety. If you have left yours at home we can rent you a pair for $3.
- Although no official age restriction applies, we do recommend that children should be at least 5 years old. All children under 12 MUST be accompanied by an adult. Anyone under the age of 18 must have an adult sign a waiver.
- Depending on the river’s flow, the trip takes roughly one hour.
- Weather permitting, times of operation are from 10:30am – 4:30pm.
- Tubing season usually begins in June and lasts through September. Conditions are reliant on the amount of snow-melt and rainfall we receive. If the water levels are too low tubing will be halted. Give us a call at 970.879.6249 for current river conditions.
- We welcome large groups. All we ask is to please give us a heads up by calling 970.879.6249 if your group is larger than ten people.
If you already own your own inner tube, but would like to give it an upgrade, check out our fancy, luxury tube seats. Guaranteed to give you the best tubing experience ever.Will Apple EarPods work with the iPad Air?
1 Answer from the Community
- Best Answer:
Yes they do
- Answered by Michael P from Calgary
-
-
- Can this be used with Apple iPad air
- Asked by Maryann H from Millbury
- Jul 22, 2014
- Flag as inappropriate (Can this be used with Apple iPad air)
- Asked about: Apple USB SuperDriveA block slides down a long, straight, inclined wall at speed V, riding on a thin film of oil of thickness h (Fig.P9-129). The weight of the block is W, and its surface area in contact with the oil film is A. Suppose V is measured, and W A, angle α, and viscosity µ are also known. Oil film thickness h is not known. ( a) Generate an exact analytical expression for h as a function of the known parameters V, A, W, α,and µ. ( b) Use dimensional analysis to generate a dimensionless expression for h as a function of the given parameters. Construct a relationship between your Π’s that matches the exact analytical expression of part ( a).
Authors: Roger A. Rydin, Stephen J. Crothers).
Comments: 12 Pages. This paper was written on 8 October, 2009.
Unique-IP document downloads: 342 times
Add your own feedback and questions here:
You are equally welcome to be positive or negative about any paper but please be polite. If you are being critical you must mention at least one specific error, otherwise your comment will be deleted as unhelpful.Are Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Moving To Jennifer Aniston’s Neighbourhood?
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have been spotted house hunting, but the location will come as a surprise to many – they are thought to be looking for their dream house in New York’s West Village.
The area in Manhattan is often described as being quaint, lively and cultured, and is a favourite for celebrities – including Pitt’s ex-wife, Jennifer Aniston.
Jen recently splashed out four million pounds for a home there with boyfriend Justin Theroux, and is said to be less then pleased at the idea of Brad and Angelina moving their big family there. Especially after Brad’s recent comments branding his marriage to Jennifer ‘boring’, and stating that he had picked the ‘right’ mum for his children.
A source stated that Angelina is the driving force behind the move, claiming to love the area, and when questioned about Jen’s new home there, simply stated that they are all adults and should be ‘mature’ about the situation.
However, both women could suffer if they decide to base their brood here. Brad has angered Angelina by meeting his ex in the past, with Angelina reported to be ‘fuming’ when the media got photographs of Brad and Jen together in London. She branded it disrespectful, and unnecessary.
Jen is also unlikely to want her ex-husbands new family on her doorstep, and with such a high-profile presence, and so many children, avoiding them would be hard work. Brad’s arrival on the scene could also put pressure on her new relationship with Justin, who seems to be making Jen happier then ever.
The source revealed that Angelina wants a new home where she feels safe to walk around with her children, and that boasts a wide range of quality restaurants. She certainly seems to have done her research, so maybe the couple are closer to moving then we think?!
Would you move closer to your partners ex-wife? What should Jen do? The actress certainly deserves some happiness, so let’s hope this move doesn’t affect her relationship – celebrity weddings are so much fun!
Photo Source: OK MagazineThe Gluten-Free Menu Swap is being hosted by Angela at Angela’s Kitchen with Grapes instead of apples.
Tuesday — Beef Stew with cabbage, carrots, potatoes, etc.
Wednesday — Slow-Cooked Pulled Pork with The W.H.O.L.E. Gang’s Spicy Slaw
Thursday — Pizza with Spinach Salad
Friday — Fish Tacos with Avocado Salsa and Angela’s Red Cabbage Slaw
Saturday — Egg Rolls with Ground Pork and Cabbage
Want to join Gluten-Free Menu Swap?
- For the roundup of menu plans this week, visit Angela’s Kitchen.
- The theme for next week’s GF Menu Swap is Beef 28th, 2013 at 11:59 am
[…] of Celiac Family doesn’t get too excited about cabbage, but she is still up for working it into her menu in […]
January 28th, 2013 at 4:21 pm
That spicy slaw looks awesome! I’ll have to try it soon.
January 29th, 2013 at 2:45 pm
It’s a perfect week for beef stew. I never think to add cabbage, though! Have a great one."
"Hundreds—maybe thousands—of people put their hands on these things and they wind up in a commercial situation. In the art world people might say, “Oh, it’s just a stupid commercial situation.” But in fact there may be thousands of actual hands of individual people that produced those things, and I was looking for some of that feeling in this project."
-Allan McCollumSpace photos of the day: USSR Edition
The Soviet and, later, Russian space station Mir is seen in 1998 as it orbits Earth after the US space shuttle Endeavour moves away after completing five days of joint operations. The space station would be decommissioned in 2000 and reentered the Earth's atmosphere in 2001.
PHOTO: AFP/EPA/NASA/Newscom/File
Next Image Previous Image
Image 1 of 19Apple Raises Prices for Some Products in Japan
May 31 (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. raised the price of iPad tablet computers and iPod music players in Japan after a weaker yen that’s boosting importing costs prompted Toshiba Corp. and Fujitsu Ltd. to consider increasing prices.
Apple now sells the iPad Wi-Fi model with 16 gigabytes of memory for 49,800 yen (, said by phone today. He declined to elaborate.
The yen weakened beyond 101 against the U.S. dollar earlier this month for the first time since April 2009 as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe spearheads measures to drive down the currency and end deflation. Fujitsu, a Tokyo-based maker of personal computers, said this month it plans to raise domestic prices. Toshiba said May 8 it may boost prices for televisions and PCs.
Japan’s currency fell versus all of its major peers today as data showing a decline in consumer prices added to the case for the Bank of Japan to step up its stimulus efforts. The yen weakened 0.3 percent to 101.05 per dollar as of 9:53 a.m. in Tokyo, trimming its weekly advance to 0.3 percent. It lost 0.3 percent to 131.83 per euro, having declined 0.7 percent since May 24.
The nation’s consumer prices excluding fresh food fell 0.4 percent in April from a year earlier, the statistics bureau said today, compared with a 0.5 percent drop the prior month. The inflation rate hasn’t been above zero in the past year.
NHK, Japan’s public broadcaster, reported on the price increaseIn the last year I’ve almost completely left my acting days behind, not from lack of interest but design work and LiveLikeYou has simply taken over. But since I missed an audition for the American version of “The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo” while in Sweden this summer, I’ve been kind of bummed. Not only did they need someone Swedish, my age, (which never happens!!), but apparently I looked the part. But Sweden was too way too far away…and I was busy working on the blog or painting a cabinet or something…?
Hey isn’t that more fun than playing Daniel Craig’s girlfriend???
So when I suddenly was asked to read for a guest part on the TV show “House” this morning in LA, I immediately booked a later flight and went to audition at Fox studios this morning. Luke is a huge “House” fan and said I just HAD to do this, so I brought him along.
“To be or not to be, I guess that is the question…?”
The process starts something like this…
You get a script that you can’t show anyone, in fact you can’t even read the sides for “your” character. They have one of your headshots. They had this one of mine from last year.
With great lighting and makeup, and a professional photographer they can work wonders. But at 10am after a bad nights sleep…it’s a lot of pressure. I was choking when I saw my Iphone snapshots from this morning. AAAAARRRRGGGHHHH!
I could at least have brushed my hair!!!
It’s truly a fantasy world on the Fox lot.
This was an empty back lot this morning.
The entrances are beautiful. Trees made to look like horses!! But if movie making is magic, I guess it starts at the door….
Luke peeked in at the behind the scenes on some show.
NOW LAST BUT NOT LEAST…
Congratulations to–Brad Berkely for leaving comment number # 26 which was chosen by random.org!!!!! He selected image # 5 from Christine Matthai. Lucky guy!!
NOW I CAN REALLY USE SOME LUCK!!! How fun it would be to blog behind the scenes of a show for a few days??
Comment by angela | tph — August 31, 2010 @ 2:22 AM
Good luck! I hope you get the part…kind of selfishly, too, because I want to see behind the scenes.
Your head shot is gorgeous, btw!
Comment by Erica Eriksdotter — August 31, 2010 @ 3:16 AM
Good Luck!! I'm keeping my fingers crossed for you.
And Congrats to Brad!
Comment by Danielle Sigwalt — August 31, 2010 @ 9:37 AM
Good luck Jill…hope you get the part! I just finished Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and the part you would have played was quite small and not exactly a girlfriend…more like a friend with benefits. It's a great read and I am almost finished with the second. I think you would like House better :).
Comment by Acanthus & Acorn — August 31, 2010 @ 1:28 PM
Jill,
Crossing my fingers and toes!!! Good luck…so cool that you were tagged to audition!
xo,
~R.
Comment by Margharete — August 31, 2010 @ 3:27 PM
Best of good luck to you. You were so right to make the most of this opportunity on this one and Luke must have loved it too! Keep us posted.
RSS feed for comments on this post. TrackBack URL- Shopping Bag ( 0 items )
Publishers Weekly05/06/2013
Despite a decade between them in age, food writer Brennan (Herbes de Provence) and food photographer Remington discovered they both shared common memories of childhoods spent in France. Here, they recollect foods and settings they remember most fondly (plus gorgeous photos and more than 50 recipes). The duo replicate a trip through the country, opening with a collection of dishes (Pate de Campagne, Rotisserie Chicken with Potatoes, etc) typically encountered on the road as they work their way through a French vacation, taking time to marvel at the Mediterranean and the beach along the way. Classic French dishes like Fig Tarts, Beignets, Escargot, Croque Madames, and Madeleine cookies break up the excursion, and all are accompanied by crisp, colorful photos begging for a frame. Still, the difficulty of trying to balance being travelogue, memoir, and classic cookbook becomes unwieldy at times; book careens back and forth, some of the writing is embarrassingly overwrought, and lengthy preambles accompany many of the recipes. Despite these flaws, Brennan and Remington do an admirable job of transporting readers into a carefree environment in which the only concern is running out of time to savor it all. (May)
Overview captured a beloved place through the rosy, whimsical, wacky, tender, and honest lens of childhood. Forget three-star dining and luxury travel; this is the France that I love ...What would you do?
The more and more research I do, the more and more I feel that homeschooling is the right choice. It's actually a very exciting feeling. :)
One of my concerns is that I am not sure how to go about handling the learning level of one of my girls. They are currently both in the same grade at their public school (K) but while one child is ready to move on to first grade, I feel like my other daughter could use a brush up on everything...possibly even a "do-over" of her public school kindergarten education.
She is very smart but does take longer than her peers to understand new concepts. This is one of the reasons why I am hoping homeschooling will be a good thing for our family, with more individualized, focused, one-on-one attention she will be more capable of progressing right along with her sister.
My question is, should I have her completely start over with kindergarten...in a sense "hold her back"...or should I do something like a hybrid combination of both kindergarten & first grade: begining with a refresher on the kindergarten concepts and then when she is ready introduce the first grade material all in the same year?
What would you do?
on May. 9, 2014 at 7:41 PM
- mommyof3kid82
I agree
Mommy of 3
« Quote Request Product List »
Product
Update Quantity
44W2265 IBM 300 GB 10K RPM 6GBps SAS 2.5 Inches SFF Hot Swap Hard Drive. New Retail Factory Sealed With Full Manufacturer Warranty.
To add more products, click "Quote" button from product pages.
To remove any product from the list, set quantity to '0'.Quarter-Life Crisis
Fears. Dreams. Gripes. Loves. Everything in between.
Tuesday, September 9, 2014
Five Days Before Our Ever After Begins
Thursday, July 17, 2014
The 60 Day Mad Rush!
I feel like I'm so far behind! Hopefully today, I'll have a final decision on my wedding flowers, have our ceremony done, & my vows written. Cake appointment is Wednesday. Still waiting on my bridesmaids to get their shit together :) (fml lol)
Ahhhhhhh
58 days!
<3
Friday, July 11, 2014
#Warriors
The best way I have to describe the (Dudley and Bob) #Warriors is: We're a bunch of over glorified radio groupies :)
We're this dysfunctional group of people that found each other on the internet after having to give Bobby Bones a lesson in why you don't mess with our radio show lol (some of them predate this, I do not)
I had a rough go during my pregnancy with my daughter. Half because hormone changes make me a psycho & half because I was dealing with the emotionally abusive man-child that knocked me up.
After it was all said & done, I was a postpartum depressed wreck. I felt like I was drowning. My ex did quite the number on me emotionally & mentally. Other than work & doing the mommy thing, I had no life. Very few friends. Although, the few that stuck around also came to our rescue.
That's where the #Warriors came in. First, Amanda, then Nancy; Erika & Justin. Logan even drove me to work after my car broke down once..
Y'all let me be a crazy wreck. Never told me to shut up or to stop feeling sorry for myself (at least not to my face ;D).
Even CJ, he stopped me at an event, gave me a hug & told me to stop being so hard on myself <3
Who would've thought a radio station & it's fans would've been a big part in what brought me back from the darkest place I've ever been.
Thank you for hating all the things I hate. For your mean spirited humor. And your incredibly inappropriate shenanigans.
Now you can go vomit :)
Love you bitches
Thursday, July 10, 2014
Shit Just Got Real
A little over 60 days! Ahhhhhhhh!
Alterations started today.
Finishing wedding music, ceremony, & vows.
Still need a cake.
Need to order B's flower girl dress & pick the ties for the groomsmen.
And I need a new bathing suit for the honeymoon!
Hopefully, our passports will be in soon.
Holy cow...7 months is flying by...
I guess the next question is do I remove the baby blocker before the wedding or wait until we come back?
Oh & we're moving in Oct right after B's 3rd bday.
There's so much going on!
Wednesday, June 25, 2014
Parenthood, Toddler Tantrums, & Weddings
If you're not willing to abandon your ego, spontaneity, late nights dragging in when the sun is coming up, bar hoping, sleeping in, & getting anywhere in a timely manner... then you shouldn't be a parent :)
It's stormy & gross outside. B & I are cuddling & watching Despicable Me. Best day off <3
I'll never understand people that don't love their children. I had roommates that were like that. They were so bad I had to testify against them in court.
I'm constantly hugging, squeezing, tickling, squishing, cuddling, & loving on my kid. It's gross lol
She's a pain in my neck. She's hard headed & she makes me crazy. But it's because she's 2.
Even when she's throwing one of her many tantrums, she makes me laugh & it's really hard to parent your child when you're laughing at her.
I've never spent more than 48hrs away from her (that was hard enough) & our honeymoon is 5 days (ahhhhhhh!) I probably won't enjoy myself since I'll be missing her so. She probably won't notice since Grandma Ward has so many fun things planned for them to do.
All of my mom friends laugh at me & tell me to let it go, that I deserve a break...
*le sigh*
90 days...
I'm looking forward to our wedding & honeymoon. I'm looking forward to 5 days on a beach with my husband :}
And, I'm super excited to make our little family official <3
Sunday, June 15, 2014
Parenting
Being a parent means putting your children above everything else. It also means teaching them that they are responsible for their feelings, actions, and words. That they aren't the entitled to be the center of the universe. Luckily for me, I have an amazing partner.
There's something to that saying: "Anybody can make a baby, but it takes a real man to be a daddy."
Tuesday, June 3, 2014
Wedding Workouts!
Holy crap y'all. My super fit bff is killing me with these workouts. We ran 3 miles around Lake Pflugerville on Monday. We stopped at every bridge & bench to do squats, pushups, & arm dip thingys (no, I have no idea what the correct effing term is & I also don't really care). My legs hate me. 7a workouts on my days off... ughhhh. Why can't I just have my 20 yro body back? Oh well. I just have to remember I'll be in a bikini for 5 days & I'm not planning on subjecting anyone to this hot mess! On the bright side my baby pooch is almost completely gone, my booty is ridiculous, & there's a visible difference in the amount of cellulite in my thighs. I feel good. I'm not as tired. Also, outside of work my mood has greatly improved!
103 days until I do!
♡
MIDDLESEX MAGISTRATES COURT
Identity Statement
Context
Administrative/Biographical history:
The Middlesex Magistrates' Courts Committee functioned for the whole County since there was no borough with a separate commission of the peace, and its members included justices representing each petty sessional division in the County.
The Committee was empowered, amongst other matters, to make representations to the Home Secretary regarding any alterations of the petty sessional divisions. It also took responsibility for the appointment of the clerks to the justices and their staff.
Under the provisions of the Justices of the Peace Act, the Middlesex County Council assumed responsibility for the provision of petty sessional courthouses, etc, and for expenses incurred by the Magistrates' Courts Committee, so there was close coordination between the Council and the Committee on all matters involving expenditure.
Source of information: Middlesex by Sir Clifford Radcliffe (2nd edition, 1954), LMA Library reference 97.09 MID.
Content
Scope and content/abstract:
Records of the Middlesex Area Magistrates Court Committee, 1936-1986, including minutes, agendas and papers; papers relating to Petty Sessions and papers relating to court houses.
Access & Use
Language/scripts of material:
System of arrangement:
MMCC/01/01: Minutes and agendas;
MMCC/01/02: Minutes;
MMCC/01/03: Committee matters;
MMCC/01/04: Petty Sessional Division;
MMCC/01/05: Court houses.
Conditions governing access:
These records are available for public inspection, although records containing personal information are subject to access restrictions under the UK Data Protection Act, 1998.
Conditions governing reproduction:
Finding aids:
Please see online catalogues at:
Archival Information
Archival history:
Immediate source of acquisition:
Statutory deposit received in August 1998.
Allied Materials
Related material:
See also Middlesex County Council Clerk's Legal Department records on Magistrates' Courts (reference MCC/CL/L/MC)."Choose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 41 other languages.
Most often used by people in the United States
All languages
FREE cancellation on most rooms!
Instant confirmation when you reserve
1730 North Wenatchee Avenue, Wenatchee, WA 98801, United States of America
Wonderful
Score from 63 reviews
410 Spring Street, Friday Harbor, WA 98250, United States of America
Very good
Score from 153 reviews
6501 Railroad Avenue Southeast, Snoqualmie, WA 98065, United States of America
Excellent
Score from 78 reviews
4876 Haxton Way, Ferndale, WA 98248, United States of America
Excellent
Score from 103 reviews
104 East Woodin Avenue, Chelan, WA 98816, United States of America
Very good
Score from 122 reviews
411 University Street, Seattle, WA 98101, United States of America
Wonderful
Score from 302 reviews
“Everything was fantastic - location, amenities, service, people, food ... Close to the arrival of the ferry from Seattle, a short walk uptown. Perfect spot for anyone.”
“Staff was very friendly, rooms spacious”
“The staff were extremely helpful and helped my girlfriend when United Airlines lost her baggage. They gave us a free breakfast and upgraded us to a Sorrento suite. The room was very comfortable and had all the facilities you would need. The location was great and was in walking distance to everything we wanted to do in Seattle.”
“the great pricee I got mid-week on Booking.com -the quality of the room furnishings and the size of the room -the friendly staff -gorgeous gardens -quiet and luxurious but "low key"ambiance -beautiful artwork and woodwork of the hotel--truly stunning”
“Beautifully restored in 1998 and kept up perfectly. Free good continental breakfast. Spacious and plentiful bathrooms/showers. Ideal location for walking in Seattle. Friendly and extremely helpful. Well designed hotel throughout.”
“pool,hot tub outside and one in room it was great it was my granddaughter 16th birthday she really enjoy herself”
“Visited with kids , excellent location and facilities. Great value , enjoyable stay by the park.”
“Our stay was just very nice and we will come back again.”
“1. The staff there are fantastic! Whenever I went to the lobby, someone would be happily helping me out, either it's getting directions, or to find stores/resturants nearby. Would be delighted to stay there again next time I go to Seattle. Tom is one of the warmest people I've ever met in my 20+ years traveling around the world. 2. The fireplace in the lobby is wonderful this time of the year! I got to enjoy it with friends who visited me in the hotel.”
“I enjoyed the staff and the rooms are by far the most comfortable. And pleasurable I've been in yet.thaankyou”
“Great hotel Great room & décor Great staff”
“The Location, a good breakfast, good WiFi, Friendly staff.”
“Great buffet breakfast including omelettes to order!”
“The whole experince was wounderfull the service, room food I will go again for sure.”
“Our dog is not use to being away from home but, adapted.Sir William Sholto Douglas, 1st Baron Douglas of Kirtleside, GCB, MC, DFC (born 23 December 1893 in Headington, Oxfordshire (England), † 29 October 1969 in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent (England)) was a British officer of the Royal Air Force , last Marshal of the Royal Air Force. Sholto Douglas served from 1946 to 1947 as a military governor in the British zone of occupation in postwar Germany.
Life
Douglas was born as the son of the professor and art critic Robert Langton Douglas. He was educated at private schools in London and Tonbridge and Lincoln College, Oxford University.
At the outbreak of the First World War, he enlisted in the Royal Field Artillery and in 1915 was transferred to the Royal Flying Corps, where he was first employed as an observer. After a pilot training he served as a fighter pilot and commander of the war ended several seasons and finally the no.22 Wing. For his service in the First World War he was awarded the Military Cross and the Distinguished Flying Cross and was three times Mentioned in Despatches.
After the war he attended the first course in the new RAF Staff College in 1927 and graduated from the Imperial Defence College. Subsequently, he served in staff assignments in Sudan and as a teacher at the Imperial Defence College. In 1938 he became Assistant Chief of the Air Staff and in April 1940, Deputy Chief of the Air Staff.
During the Battle of Britain, and as a result of the Big Wing controversy Douglas was appointed the successor of Charles Portal Hugh Dowding as Commander in Chief of RAF Fighter Command in November 1940.
In January 1943 took over from Douglas Arthur Tedder as Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief in the Middle East Command. After a year in this position, he was commander of RAF Coastal Command. After the war he was in July 1945, the first commander of the British Air Forces of Occupation and 1 May 1946 Commander in Chief of all British forces of occupation and military governor of the British zone of occupation in Germany. His promotion to Marshal of the Royal Air Force took place on 1 Januar 1946. He was next to Arthur Harris, the only British officer in the rank which was not previously or simultaneously also Chief of the Air Staff.
Douglas to his replacement by Brian Robertson in November 1947 and his elevation to the peerage as 1st Baron Douglas of Kirtleside, of Dornock, county Dumfries early 1948 operated in the private sector, including the Board of Directors of the British Overseas Airways Corporation (BOAC) and as chairman of British European Airways (BEA) and Horizon Travel Associates Ltd.. From 1956 to 1957 he was also President of the International Air Transport Association (IATA).
Douglas led three marriages, the last of which emerged from a daughter. The title of Baron Douglas thus became extinct at Douglas’ death.
Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath
Person in WWII (United Kingdom)
Person in the First World War (UK)
Person (British zone)
Briton
Born in 1893
Died in 1969
MaleComment: put it in perspective. (Score 1) 1097
For comparison, you can still legally marry a 12 year old girl in the US.
Comment: Makes sense it took 5 years (Score 1) 180
+ - Leggo store detains 11-year old boy for shopping alone
Comment: Re:What? (Score 2) 142
I remember around 1989, a print shop in Edmonton was broken into one night. The thieves stole all of the shop's Macintosh computers -- even the ones in the back room, but didn't touch the many PCs.
If it wasn't for stiff competition from Apple, it's probable that Microsoft wouldn't have introduced a Graphical desktop until well into the '90s. Apple, The Amiga, Sun, SGI and many other companies led Microsoft in the graphical desktop field. Microsoft was very much a follower, not a leader.
Comment: Re:Good. +1 for Google. (Score 1) 176
"trusted" root certs are organizations that you are supposed to be able to trust to be proper with the certs that they give out. CNNIC is (properly) being removed from that list. The point isn't to 'punish' their customers. It's to protect the rest of us. If CNNIC manages to convince Google (and others) that they've fixed the problem anf won't let it happen again, they'll be admitted to the trusted group, again.
Comment: They Should Be Required to Post A Sign. (Score 1) 886
Comment: Only: Can't I just post a message on Facebook? (Score 1) 130
Status message: "I'm in Liberia and I don't have a fever (yet)..."
On Sarah's timeline: I just got a text from Sarah... Her hotel in Bermuda is OK, but power is out.
What does Facebook's great addition do that this doesn't (other than give them an excuse to track where I am)?
Comment: Re:Fission = bad, but not super-bad (Score 1) 218
Comment: Big LFTR Problems: To safe, and too cheap. (Score 1) 218
By safe, I mean it can't be used to blow things up -- either by accident or on purpose. This makes it bad for nuclear Proliferation -- Including making bombs for the US military. That's why it never got as much funding as Uranium-based reactors
As a side point of not being useful for making bombs, it's also harder to have a (semi) critical accident -- i.e. a Chernobyl / 3-mile-island / China-syndrome type accident.
That's a big problem when you're trying to get the civilian population to accept bomb-making, but (and) much more dangerous Uranium - based reactors... Which would you rather have in your back yard? A Thorium reactor that pretty much can't have a meltdown, or a Uranium one that is one (albeit unlikely) step from being a bomb.
The other problem is that it's too cheap.... from a commercial vantage point, Uranium-based fuels are incredibly hard to make properly -- and their exact format varies from reactor to reactor... That means that reactors that aren't sufficiently profitable to make (even with military^w government subsidies) can make (more) profits because the plant manufacturer has an effective monopoly on making fuel pellets.
That means that there's less likely to be a commercial proponent for LFTR Thorium reactors. Why spend billions researching a reactor that will never get Military/Government subsidies
So there you have it.. LFTR is unlikely to be created because it's.
- Too safe (can't be used to make bombs), and
- to cheap (nobody can corner the market on fuel refills
That's why LFTR may never find a good backer -- unless we can find a billionaire willing to fund the development on a lark (and to save mankind from our own greed/hatred).
If the people posting the offending images are willing to defend those lawsuits, it's got nothing to do with 4chan any more.Whether your nesting instincts have you scrubbing like crazy or a tiny crawler has you particularly aware of the state of your floorboards, keep it clean with earth- and baby-friendly products that promise to leave both your household and conscience gleaming.
Keywords: cleaning, eco-friendly, green, Lauren Brockman, Stuff We LoveSearch Results - Save This Search
The nose was highly expressive and remarkably fresh, showing spiced floral tones, chalky minerals, and young peach. Managing to maintain both richness and a refreshing persona. On the palate, I found soft textures offset by vibrant acidity with flavors of ripe peach and inner floral tones, which lasted well into the finish.
Do you find this review helpful? Yes - No
/ Comment.
This showed a gorgeous nose, which walked the line between fruit and savory tones, showing crushed raspberry, pretty florals, savory herbs, olive tapenade and saline minerality. On the palate, it displayed youthful tannin wrapped in intense, tart red fruits with exotic spice notes and minerals that seemed to coat the senses. It finished fresh with tart berry and hints of fine tannin. The ’12 La Rinconada may need another year or two to soften and flesh out, yet the potential is evident in the glass.
The nose was forward, practically oozing with rich dark fruits, autumnal spice, vanilla, fresh tobacco and a hint of herbs. On the palate, I found velvety textures with ripe blackberry, cherry liquor and mocha. It turned slightly herbal and tart on the finish with a coating of dusty tannin lingering on the senses. Unfortunately, this is not the wine I remember from years ago, as it lacks the balance to contrast its ripe, velvety intensity. That said, there are still plenty of people who will love it for what it is, instead of what I had hoped it would become. it's still youthful state with a coating of refined sweet tannin across the senses providing measured grip. This is a gorgeous--classic Ornellaia.
1 person found this helpful, do you? Yes - No
/ Comment.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The ’90 Cannubi Boschis was a great way to end an epic tasting. The nose was so amazingly rich and lively with black cherry, sweet spice and balsamic tones. On the palate, it was a smooth as silk, yet seamless and finessed. The fruit entered sweet yet quickly turned to tart berry with hints of mint, tobacco and cedar box. The finish was long and saturating to the senses, as its tannin resolved to reveal spice and a hint of wood.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The nose was intense, with currents of black cherry and dark soil tones wafting up from the glass. Digging deeper, I found sweet herbs, mushroom, tobacco, balsamic notes, black olive and minerals. Dark red fruits seemed to saturate the entire palate in a silky shroud, along with flavors of savory meat, minerals, and dark inner floral notes. The finish showed youthful tannin, with dried strawberry, minerals and tobacco leaf. This is an amazing wine.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The bouquet of the ’85 Cascina Francia was everything that I wanted out of a mature Barolo, especially with its Serralunga earthiness and minerals. The nose opened with dark red berries, dried flowers, tea leaves, minerals and exotic spices, becoming sweeter with time in the glass. On the palate, soft, caressing textures washed over the senses, leaving masses of mature red fruits, inner floral tones and soil-laden minerals. It finished with dried fruits and berries, crushed fall leaves, and a hint of iodine. Stunning.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): Still a brick wall of a wine, giving hints of mint and eucalyptus with dark soil and mineral tones lurking in the glass, yet still not ready to show us its gifts. Intense, dark, brooding—but so far from ready on the palate, showing focused dark red fruit on a seemingly taught and wiry structure, with herbal hints in the background. It finished cool and structured, yet not hard or tannic. The balance here is beautiful; I just hope I’ll one day be able to see it in its maturity, which I believe will warrant a higher score.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The ’96 Cascina Francia displayed a gorgeous bouquet of bright cherry, fresh minty herbs, rose and tobacco with a slight medicinal note to its fruit. It entered the palate with silky textures, yet quickly firmed up by fine tannin, releasing notes of tart berry, dried strawberry and minerals. It finished firm with lingering minerality and dried fruits. This was a very pretty, even if tannic, expression of ’96 Cascina Francia.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The nose was rich and intense, showing dark red fruits, sweet spice and dusty soil tones. On the palate, it showed more mature than I would have expected, yet wonderfully smooth in texture with notes of crushed berry, plum and minerals. Tannin coated the palate throughout the finish, yet maintained the presence of ripe fruit.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): This was a gorgeous wine, crashing down many of my preconceptions. The nose was massive, yet refined, showing black cherry, charred meat, sweet herbs, dusty soil and balsamic tones. On the palate, it showed velvety textures with dark red fruits, sweet spice and saturating minerality, which carried fine tannin across the senses. It was palate-coating and intense on the finish with hints of cranberry lingering long.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The ’99 Cascina Francia opened with a dark and brooding bouquet of earth, animal and fruit, showing soil-laden minerals up front, leading to dried flowers, animal musk and dark berry tones. On the palate, it showed brilliant, yet tart, wild berry and strawberry fruits, minerals, and fine tannin that saturated the senses. It finished clean and youthful with hints of dried fruits. This is so young today, and it should continue to evolve into something very special over time.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): This was a thrilling wine to be sure, as a bouquet of intense rich fruits, masses of rose and tar, leather and earth came forward along with hints of mushroom and balsamic tones. On the palate, a dark mix of fruits washed across the senses, turning to cranberry and spice with deep, silky textures over a spine of fine tannin. The finish showed palate-saturating cherry with contrasting hints of dried citrus and inner floral tones. This was amazingly drinkable on this night, and some tasters wondered if it was the Cascina Francia, yet the bouquet alone gave it away.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The nose showed rich, dark fruits with hints of spice, herbs, cedar and salty brine. On the palate, it was broad and dark, as dried red fruits turned to dry cocoa and coffee grind. Gruff tannin clenched the senses throughout the finish, drying the remaining fruit. This came across as smaller in scale than the ’98 Le Vigne yet lacked depth and definition, and didn’t improve over time.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The nose was dark and earthy, showing wild berry with olive, minerals, woodland tones and animal musk. On the palate, it displayed stunning purity with tart black cherry and soil-laden minerality, kept lively through a brisk wave of acidity. A mix of dark fruit, minerals and tannin coated the palate throughout the finish. This may be one of the best ‘98 Cascina Francias I’ve ever tasted.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The nose showed black cherry with soil, minerals, sweet floral tones and a hint of sawdust. On the palate, it showed smooth, almost creamy, medium-weight textures with stunning purity of fruit, as notes of cherry, spice and minerals cascaded across the palate. A note of hard red candy lingered on the palate, with hints of still-youthful tannin providing grip.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The nose was restrained at first, showing dark berry tones; yet with coaxing, it began to release a bouquet of cranberry and minty herbs with a hint of cedar. On the palate, I found radiant, focused fruit with hints of spice in a very pretty and brilliant expression of Nebbiolo. Gruff tannin coated the palate throughout the finish, yet with a lack of balancing fruit and acidity.
The Icon Vs. The Iconoclast: Giacomo Conterno & Luciano Sandrone (Morrell Wine Bar): The nose showed a mix of moist earth, minerals, musky cedar and olive brine. On the palate, I found tart red berry fruit in a sappy, yet somewhat muddled expression. Dried red fruits and musky tones lingered on the finish. The question came up if this is over the hill, or possibly damaged, yet the bottle was stored properly since release. It may just be that some ‘97s are fading fast..
2 people found this helpful, do you? Yes - No
/ Comment.
3 people found this helpful, do you? Yes - No
/ Comment)Loud and proud, as is always the case, Mark Millar was last night tweeting about a telephone call he had been having with the once and future Skywalker, Mark Hamill:
Just off the phone with @HamillHimself. What an absolutely lovely man! You can find out why we’re talking over the coming weeks.
— Mark Millar (@mrmarkmillar) February 7, 2012
How very mysterious… for a few hours. This morning, Millar started directing people to information on The Secret Service, the “James Bond meets My Fair Lady” spy comic that he’s cooked up with Matthew Vaughn and Dave Gibbons.
The immediate assumption, then, is that Millar was talking to Hamill about a role in the film.
But it won’t be a leading role, as per Millar’s next Twitter comminuqués:
Can I just stress that Mark isn’t starring in Secret Service? He does, however, have a pivotal role in the story… Both our leads have to be British in Secret Service.
Millar was responding to a CBM story that had jumped the gun somewhat, and which has since been updated to rotate around the “pivotal role” quote from above.
Now, all of that fuss over, I’m pretty sure I know the real reason why Millar was calling Hamill.
It’s not directly related to the film at all. First and foremost, there’s something that Millar needs to sort out for the comic and, some way down the road, if and when the film happens, somebody else will have to chat with Hamill about that.
Here’s a panel from Comic Book Resource‘s preview of The Secret Service that pretty much gives it away:
I believe that Millar was asking Hamill for permission to write him into the story. Maybe he’ll have him fight somebody off with a brightly coloured broom handle or something. Could be amusing.
He’s already been named by name:
Of course, I think we can also expect Tweets that read something like “I just got off the phone with Tom Baker/William Shatner/Muffit” any day now.
Also… is it just me, or is there a hint of Argo going on in the back of this story somewhere?MARC Riders Citizens Group Meets Thursday
The MARC Riders Advisory Council, a citizens group that discusses rider issues and advises the Maryland Transit Authority, is scheduled to hold its monthly meeting on Thursday at 4:30 p.m. in the Acela First Class Lounge Conference Room on the first floor of Union Station.
It's a convenient chance for anyone concerned about the rail service to observe the discussions and comment. The Acela Lounge is between Gates D and E, directly behind the information desk.
By
Robert Thomson
|
September 16, 2009; 10:41 AM ET
Categories: transit | Tags: Dr. Gridlock, MARC trains
Save & Share:
Previous: Traffic Alert: I-270 South Delays After Accident
Next: Metro Alert: Orange Line Delays at Cheverly, Landover Stations
Posted by: bs2004 | September 17, 2009 11:14 AM | Report abuse
The comments to this entry are closed.
More Saturday and Sunday trains! Keep running the Laurel line past 7:30 p.m.! Attach a bar car to the end! That'll add business! And fix the air conditioning once in a while!
Yeagh!HELENA, Mont.—Backers of an initiative that could force the government to pay landowners for regulations that hurt property values are disputing an estimate that would make their ballot measure among the most expensive Montana has seen.
The proposed ballot initiative says landowners could sue state or local government for regulations that reduce values more than 25 percent. A successful lawsuit could result in compensation for the landowner, or cause the new regulation to be thrown out.
A fiscal analysis by the state estimates the initiative could cost government coffers as much as $600 million.
The analysis says costly claims could arise in a number of areas, including mining permits, local sanitation rules or even water rights decisions. The budget office based its estimate on an analysis Washington did on a proposal in that state.
"It is reasonable to assume that the combined impact to Montana state government and local governments could be at least $600 million," according to the new Montana report.
But initiative backers who will be gathering signatures on the idea next year said the estimate is way off.
Chuck Denowh, the former executive director of the Montana Republican Party leading the initiative effort, said the Washington analysis was done on a different initiative.
"It was a drastically different ballot initiative over there," he said. "They didn't do a fiscal analysis of our initiative."
One key component of the Montana initiative requires that the offending rule or regulation harm property values more than 25 percent.
The initiative was joined this week by another property initiative, from the Montana Realtors Association, that would prohibit any new tax on the sale or transfer of real property.
Denowh said he expects to be able to raise enough money and support for his initiative to qualify it for the ballot, a difficult task that requires thousands of signatures to be collected from across the state.
Already, opposition is growing.
Montana Trout Unlimited said it opposes the plan because it would make it very difficult or costly for the state to manage land and wildlife issues.
The Montana Fish wildlife and Parks, for instance, couldn't make fishing or hunting changes without hurting the value of outfitters' property, said Trout Unlimited spokesman Mark Aagenes. And property owners could argue that Montana's stream access law and rules hurts the value of riverside homes.
"We are trying to understand the huge implications, besides the $600 million figure," he said. "No doubt that Montana Trout Unlimited, with the current language, is adamantly opposed."
Youth Development, Inc.
Youth Development, Inc.
Albuquerque,New Mexico
Founded in 1971, Youth Development, Inc. (YDI) is a community-based youth service system offering an effective continuum of care designed to help the most vulnerable and at-risk children, youth, and families find their way to their own solutions. Services provided to the community include education, employment and training, health, mental health, counseling services, economic development, affordable housing, and community development. YDI, through its subsidiary Youth Enterprises System, is working to provide inner-city housing and related economic development services.
Contact Info
Website:
6301 Central N.W.
Albuquerque, New Mexico, 87105Real Estate malta, property malta, buy property in malta, Property Agents Malta, malta property, property in malta for sale and for rent,Simon Estates Real-Estate Malta, Real-Estate agents malta
Simon Estates Real estate agents malta - buy property in malta, malta property for sale and for rent, property in malta - a well known leader in malta property , rent and buy property all across malta mdina valletta and gozo. find the best real estate properties in Malta including villas, houses, bungalows, apartments, flats, and any other commercial or residential proeprties for rent and for sale. -
Keywords: buy property, malta, property for rent, real estate malta, apartments malta, real estate agents malta, property for sale malta, holiday apartments to rent, buy property in malta, property for rent malta
Daily visitors: 1 068
Daily pageviews: 1 068
Alexa Rank: 1783344A major winter storm will affect the southern Red River Valley Sunday and Sunday night. Snow amounts could approach 1 foot near the North and South Dakota border, with much lighter amounts further north. In addition, considerable blowing and drifting snow may produce blizzard like conditions Sunday afternoon and evening. Stay tuned to the latest forecasts and if you are planning travel to the southern Red River Valley or into South Dakota along Interstate 29, be prepared for a major winter storm.We’re sorry. The information you have requested is temporarily unavailable.
Reese Receiver Hitches - 45007
Class V Titan Receiver
- This product is not available for your
- View all products for your
- Change Vehicle
- $92.99 - $9,999.99 each
- On Sale: 10% Off
- $83.69 - $8,999.99 each
- Free Shipping
- Ships Between 6/03 - 6/05
- What Do You Drive?
Options
- Style:Square Tubing - 12,000 lbs/14,000 lbs
- Part #:45007
- Maximum trailer weight = 12,000 lbs/14,000 lbs with weight distribution setup
- 2.5 in. receiver
- Download Installation InstructionsFile:Anna Lee - Flight to the Ford.jpg
Full resolution (629 × 850 pixels, file size: 433 KB, MIME type: image/jpeg)
[edit] Summary
A picture of Idril by Anna Lee.
[edit] Licensing
This work is copyrighted and owned by Anna Lee. However, permission has kindly been granted, by the copyright holder, to use this file on the not-for-profit Tolkien Gateway website. Details of the copyright holder:
- Name: Anna Lee
- Website: Anna Le.Prices and availability are subject to change from the time and date that you print this page.
5/22/2015 6:02:14 AM.
asan kantha chair$599.00reg. $649.00
tangled web macramé wall hanging$149.00reg. $199.00
adam coffee table$429.00
reverb black rug$49.95 - $249.00
3.14 white bookcase$499.00
Customers Also Viewed
movie storage ottoman$499.00 - $649.00
3-piece aluminum box set$29.99reg. $49.95
Newwool wrap pouf$129.00
knitted yellow pouf$79.95
-
Newcriss knit orange pod$199.00
vane knitted pouf$99.95reg. $129.00
-
Newsquare recycled rag pouf$99.95
icelandic sheepskin throw$249.00
jumbo knit shale pouf$179.00
byway throw$49.99reg. $69.95ships freeWe. President Obama, who held a rally in Berlin in 2008 while campaigning for the presidency, was, in 2008 and 2009 very popular in Germany, both among leaders and the German people.
We decided that we have unique perspectives on this national relationship. So, we collaborated on this short article about spying on the American people and spying by the U.S. government on Germany's leaders.
The American Side
From the perspective of Americans, the revelations of spying on Americans by the U.S. government have been disturbing.
News outlets (such as reported on thewire.com or Spiegelonline.de German Internetpage) say that the American spy agency, the National Security Agency (NSA), doesn't know what documents were on the hard disks on the computer which been taken by the former employee of an NSA contractor, Edward Snowden.
More recently in the U.S., two big court cases had alternative rulings on the NSA spying program. One ruling was that the spying was legal. The other ruling was that it violated the rights of Americans given to Americans by their constitution. U.S District Court Judge William H. Pauley III ruled that the program, which collects virtually all Americans’ phone records, represents the U.S. government’s “counter-punch” to eliminate the al-Qaeda terrorist network and does not violate the Fourth Amendment, which prohibits unreasonable search and seizure, according to the Washington Post.
Even Americans and big American corporations are spied upon by the NSA. The NSA says the spying is justified to avert terrorist attacks.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, the independent senator from Vermont, asked in a letter on January 2014 to the agency whether NSA has or is "spying" on members of Congress and other elected American officials. Congress has the same privacy protections as all U.S. persons," said the agency in a statement obtained by CNN.
Obama said in his speech Jan. 17 that intelligence has helped to secure the country throughout American history. He said America still needs intelligence to secure our country and to prevent terrorist attacks or cyber threats. In the future there should be some changes to protect more the privacy from the American people.
The president said, "The United States only uses signals intelligence for legitimate national security purposes, and not for the purpose of indiscriminately reviewing the emails or phone calls of ordinary folks. The United States is not spying on ordinary people who don’t threaten our national security, and that we take their privacy concerns into account in our policies and procedures. This applies to foreign leaders as well. We will not monitor the communications of heads of state and government of our close friends and allies.“.
Obama said on March 26 that he wants to end the NSA Bulk Data Collection Program. He urged Congress to pass reforms that would stop unnecessary data collection. He said, "We have got to win back the trust not just of governments, but, more importantly, of ordinary citizens. There is a tendency to be skeptical of government and to be skeptical of the U.S. intelligence services.“
A few days later, Sen. Ron Wyden speaking on NBC’s Meet the Press said: “Obama should end the practice right away“ rather than wait for Congress pass legislation. He added, "I believe strongly we ought to ban all dragnet surveillance on law-abiding Americans, not just phone records but also medical records, purchases and others.“
The German Side
The German people are also talking about the spying done by America's NSA.
In June 2013, Edward Snowden met The Guardian journalists Glenn Greenwald and Ewen MacAskill and documentary film maker Laura Poitras. A few days later, The Guardian published its first exclusive story about spying by the NSA.
In about July 2013, press accounts began coming out that German citizens were being spied on by the NSA. Because of all of the spying going on in the world now, Germans were not surprised anymore that there is spying and surveillance. However, a poll of Germans by German media revealed that 61 percent of German citizens were surprised about the U.S. government spying activities and 62 percent of German citizens were surprised to learn that German citizens had become the target of U.S. spying.
In addition to spying on German citizens, it became clear — from the vantage point of the U.S. Embassy in Berlin — that the NSA spied on the elected German leaders’ telephones, including the cell phone of Chancellor Angela Merkel. Merkel is the head of state for Germany and her counterpart is the Barack Obama.
Newspapers such as the Washington Post and Huffington Post say that the NSA has monitored Merkel’s phone since 2002 even before she rose to her country’s chief executive position. At this time she was only an opposition leader. No one has said whether this spying has been evaluated or even if these conversations were recorded. The NSA has chosen not to give information about this topic to the public.
Merkel, after learning about this, said on Oct. 24, 2013 on the German news, "Spying among friends is never acceptable.”
After the incident became public, Obama apologized to Merkel. At the meeting with Merkel, the U.S. president said that the NSA might have monitored Merkel’s phone. He also said that if he had known about it he would have stopped it right away.
Because of the spying affair, the confidence in Obama and the U.S. has declined in Germany. At the beginning of the tenure of Obama, 78 percent of the Germans said that the U.S. was a country they could trust. Now only 49 percent shares that perspective.
But what could be the reason why the U.S spied on Germany?
One reason could be that the German government did not support the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2002. This raised the question of whether Gerhard Schroeder, former chancellor of Germany, could be trusted. In addition to its non-military industrial might, Germany is the third largest exporter of weapons in the world behind the U.S. and Russia. American military intelligence was worried about the good friendship between Schroeder and the Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Besides the military reasons for spying, another reason could be non-military industrial spying. Germany's middle class has enjoyed success and they have industrial know-how. Germany's middle class provides the workers with world dominant technological development. Because of this prominence, Germany is currently the third largest exporter, behind only China and the U.S.
German exports more than it imports from other countries, thus — unlike the U.S. — Germany has a net export surplus. Some experts believe that the technological know how of the German economy is the reason that Germany's companies are also being spied on. It's possible that industrial espionage would help America's companies. The German government has said that industrial spying has already caused damage to German companies, to the extent of 50 billion euros (or about $68.5 billion). That's the kind of money that gets attention.
Whether at home or aboard, we think that spying on friends isn't a good idea.The view down our road
Short days and inclement weather are putting the kibosh on our outdoor fun. We're in the throes of severe snowstorms, at least by British standards. As a hardened New Englander I scoff at the scant centimetres of snow, grass in the front year still poking up through. But we're not equipt with gritters and salt for the roads, and the temperature is just hovering around freezing so the freeze/thaw cycle is making black ice.
Big Lamb and Little Lamb shelter by the hedge
We fed the pheasants before the weather set in. I was up early defrosting drinking water and putting out extra food for the critters as the snow started. I had planned to go stalking as the deer are holding in the sheltered woods, but my scope filled with snow and visibility was poor. I had to give up. Now I'm watching the little wild birds hanging from the peanut feeders and eating the corn cobs I left on the ground. A cock pheasant came by to feed with the chickens in the yard.
This little hen sees her first snow
Even Mike's given in and come home. We're holed up in the warm room with a healthy pile of wood I split and stacked, knowing the weather was on the turn. Even in the warm room I've prised my cardigan out from under a sleeping dog and put it on. The wind is taking the heat out of our not well-insulated cottage. Some people still use heavy curtains to prevent the draughts. But pulling the curtains and sitting in the dark would probably drive me over the edge.
We're coping with cabin fever by drinking endless pots of coffee and catching up on conversation.
"My mobile phone contract says I'm due an upgrade and I can have an iPhone" Mike said
"Do you know what an iPhone is?" I said
"Well I know it's not an iPod." he said, referring to the time when I bought an iPod and couldn't figure out how to use the phone. Not realising that they were two different devices. Much to the continued hilarity of my sister and friends.
"You only know that because I'm stupid." I said. "What are you going to do with it? You can't even work out how to use predictive text."
The word we christened to describe our gross ignorance in this area is "technotardation".
"It has apps. They're useful." Mike said
"On what planet are there iPhone apps that will be relevant to you? Unless it has a leatherman and jumper cables." I said.
"It takes pictures." he said
"You only take pictures of fish and dissected pheasants for your own reference." I said
"Is there an app for that?" Mike asked
Good lord.
I took Mike outside and pointed to our back door. "Here's all the technology you need" I said-
"That white bin is your 'inbox'. The postman puts your mail in it. The silver bucket is your 'recycling bin' - compost and ash for the garden. The thermometer on the wall is your 'app'. It tells you what the temperature is. What more do you want?" I said.
"Hmphh." Mike said. "Well I'm kind of hungry..."
"I can make you pancakes or there's some leftover cake from Mrs Martin. It's in a tin in the footwell of your truck." I said.
Mike thought about it. "People who eat cake out of the footwell of their truck are probably not the kind of people that need iPhones." he said.
I rest my case.
12 comments:
I've been reading your blog for a while and not commented before, but the ending of this post (cake in the footwell of the truck) is so funny, I had to say - I love your blog! I live in Oxfordshire and we too have snow today. Again, not a significant amounts by the standards of my US friends, but enough to paralyse everything and make me work from home today. Though I put my wellies on to go visit some friends, as cabin fever living alone was getting a bit dull :o)
Bless!!
But if Mike got and iphone, you could borrow it to read blogs whilst, erm... being outside.... erm..... stupid idea.
Am spinning again. Your washed fleece is much better then mine. It spins better, thinner, looks more like real yarn.
Don't do the iPhone. It's too much like a Crackberry, and you guys are too busy for a crack habit. Even if you are snowed in.
...oh yeah- I meant to mention that I really enjoyed this post, both in terms of pictures and words....
Anon - Thanks for the comments. I see your neck of the woods is due for more snow today. Taking your wellies for a walk is probably the best way to cope with cabin fever.
Colette - Even if we had an iPhone we wouldn't be able to make good use of it, we're too behind on our technical know-how. Mike would end up using it to prop up a wobbly table leg or something, and that's only if one of the dogs didn't eat it first.
Glad the fleece is spinning up well. I think it has more to do with the variety of sheep than my washing. I'm about to start knitting a cardi for myself from that wool. Will need the group's help I'm sure!
Paula - No fear of us getting addicted to a device, iPhone or otherwise. I still have a phone given to me by a 9 yr old when he upgraded a few years ago. My 2 previous phones fell in a water trough and got mowed over respectively.
I manage email and basic blogging, end of. We haven't got a games console like a Wii or even a DVD player. We're absolutely hopeless. Our ignorance is getting embarassing.
Jen -- And here I am, feeling like a Luddite as I struggle with search engine optimization and Wordpress features. I feel much better now!
Here's hoping your weather improves, and you and Mike can get back to what you're so clearly good at.
Your post made my morning.
Jen... Your post has brought laughter to our little cabin in the woods. Here on the Cape where the months go January, February, March, March, March, it's the last March that gets you. It's nice to be able to joke about it before you can't help but complain. Todays technology is wonderful and is taken as a part of life for those under thirty. I for one feel safer out at sea with the wireless that is waterproof and can take a pounding than a cell phone that is useless if it gets as much as one drop of saltwater on it. Tell Mike that he and I are not the type of men one finds on Planet Of The Apps. "Get your bloody hands off me you filthy app!"
Tamar & Kevin - It's cathartic admitting our stupidity / ignorance but it's also nice to find someone who understands old technology (like the wireless) is sometimes better. Our cell phone reception is so bad out here that Mike & I use walkie-talkies when we're working alone around the estate. We can at least guarantee reception.
We try to keep up with new technologies but we just can't. I was amazed that Mike even knew the term app (he learned it from the Apple ads on the back cover of the New Yorker!)
Love the 'Planet of the App' reference. Mike will be relieved to know there's more like him out there.
I agree with you both entirely - my phone was advertised as 'semi-rugged', and described as an ugly, old-fashioned boys' phone by my sister, but I have had it for about 3 years now! It bounces which is a good thing. And we don't have much high tech stuff - just a small old scavenged portable TV (mainly for B&B guests), a scavenged radio (not DAB!), and don't buy DVDs, or any of that stuff. I'd rather spend my money on yarn! And you don't need a Wii Fit if you use your legs to walk with. But I do have a good computer, and have found the internet has helped me to cut down car journeys, etc - I just order everything in so I don't have to go shopping! And a decent sewing machine has made a difference to the quality of my output - it is also good for darning sheets, etc.
As a family who go through the waste food that people give us for the hens and other animals, and pick out the rejected croissants, etc, for human consumption (in fact, now my relatives give us food that they are about to throw away, because they know we will eat it!), I think we are on a par with those who eat cake from Landy footwells. It was in a tin, anyway, and so could be retrieved from absolutely anywhere, with no risk to health, couldn't it?
Yours from a draughty farmworkers' cottage
Pomona x
Don't your friends know that stale croissants make the best bread & butter pudding?!?
I save the tins biscuits come in for storing cakes, perfect for a dirty footwell. If I leave food in Mike's truck, I know he'll eat something even when he's busy working because it's there.
We're not trying to deprive ourselves of modern conveniences but we just haven't found a need for all of them. Like you said no need for a Wii fit if you spend all day on your feet. I do need a better sewing machine though.
Ha! That post made my day. We only just stopped using tin cans and string..We have a cel phone, but really don't use it except for road trips through the wilds of Oregon.
What if the car broke down/etc..?
Hope you two don't go mad in the snow!2629 Plaza Parkway | Suite B-12 | Wichita Falls, Texas 76308 | (940) 691-4342
CPA Services
Small Business Center
Mr. Barber's CPA firm provides personal attention to each and every client while assuring them the Professionalism, Responsiveness, and Quality they expect in an accounting firm.
Contact Thomas D Barber CPA for all of your Accounting & Tax Services as well as Bookkeeping and Small Business Solutions.Customer.This is your resource to discuss support topics with your peers, and learn from each other.
08-06-2008 11:31 AM
Total newbie with a new BlackBerry Curve 8330.
Regarding backing the thing up (the contacts, the photos, music files, everything...)
Can't I just plug the thing into a Mac with a USB cable, let it mount like a hard drive,
and drag/copy all the folders off it to the Mac?
If the thing every crashes, couldn't I then put a new mini-SD card in it, plug it into
the Mac, and drag everything back?
Will that not work? I don't care about syncing, making incremental backups, blah blah blah.
I would be quite happy to just drag an archive off the thing once in a while as simple folders.
Along the same vein, if I wanted to take out the 1 GB SD card that's in it and upgrade it to,
say a 4 or 8, couldn't I do that the same way? Drag everything to the Mac, turn the BB off,
put in the new card, turn it on, and drag everything back?
Thanks
07-10-2009 03:58 PM
07-10-2009 05:49 PM
Why would I assume that? Because every other USB storage device, like a hard drive or camera, works that way.
I plug it in, and I can read all the files off it.
As a matter of fact, even on the Blackberry, it "sort of" works that way. I plug it in and I can see folders of
all my media (photos, music files, etc) just like an ordinary hard drive.
It's only the address book I can't see.
You have to admit, just putting all that stuff in a "system" folder and letting me drag it to copy/back it up
would be a heck of a lot easier than installing some software package.
07-10-2009 06:22 PM
Yes, you can do that (drag and drop with Mass Storage enabled on the Media Card) for anything in the media card.
For anything else (address book, calendar, messages, preferences, settings, etc.), no, you can't. You must use the Backup function in PocketMac.
12-23-2009 09:27 AM
Hey all,
I can't backup the pictures from my blackberry curve 8900...
In the media section there's only the music part.
How can I backup my pictures?
By the way I once backed up the pictures to another PC. Is this why i can't back it up in two places? Although i have specified in the input that I wanted to update it on different PC/mac (for safer purposes).
What should I do to back up the pictures?
2- Why does it always open entourage and gets the backup as an attachment? It's not very practical for me plus i don't know how to use it well... Can I access it from another program? (still no pics in it)
Thankyou for your answers...< Return to Product Page
Overall Rating:
Customer Reviews
Lotus Trash Can
Overall Rating:
Customer Reviews
Lotus Trash Can 5 5
Lotus trash can It's great size for our laundry room (especially dryer fluff) and has definitely added a touch of class to the room. I trust it will be easy to wipe out, too. December 12, 2014
The amber color is more like dark brown I ordered the amber trash can. Online the color looks nice, but in person, the trash can is dark and more brown. Unless you hold the can up to the sunlight, it won't look amber. It is not worth the hassle of a return, so my new BROWN trash can, sits on the floor in my office out of sight. November 7, 2014
Beautiful Trash Can I didn't think the product would look a lot like the picture but it is more beautiful. I've already kicked it, accidentally of course, and it held up with neither nick nor crack. May 3, 2014
Great color! Perfect fit in our bathroom. Love the amber color. August 12, 2013
Tres chic Maybe a little small but very durable and beautiful. August 9, 2013
1-5 of 5Beus, Bryan
From Library of Congress Name Authority File
Beus, Bryan
URI(s)
Instance Of
Scheme Membership(s)
Collection Membership(s)
Exact Matching Concepts from Other Schemes
Sources
- found: The journal of curious letters, c2008: t.p. (illustrated by Bryan Beus)
- found: Westly, [2015], ©2015: ECIP title page (Westly: a spider's tale, written and illustrated by Bryan Beus)
Change Notes
- 2008-04-11: new
- 2015-04-02: revised
Alternate FormatsOn News 88.9 KNPR
On Classical 89.7
1289 S. Torrey Pines Dr.
Las Vegas, NV 89146
Main Number: 1-702-258-9895
Toll Free: 1-888-258-9895
an
member station
Andrew Kiraly offers his own perspective on the prospects for a downtown arena.
Andrew Kiraly is the managing editor of City Life.
Add some items to your playlist to play them.This small marine bird belongs to the genus Synthliboramphus, a group of seabirds remarkable for the fact that they are the only seabirds which rear their young entirely at sea (3). Xantus’s murrelet has striking black and white plumage: black on the upperparts, sometimes tinted faintly with grey as the feathers become worn, and snowy white on the underside. The flanks may be white or mottled grey and white, the legs are bluish-grey, and the feet bear black claws (2). Two subspecies of Xantus’s murrelet are recognised: Synthliboramphus hypoleucus hypoleucus and Synthliboramphus hypoleucus scrippsi. The former can be recognised by the prominent white crescents above and below the eye, while the white patterning on the face of S. h. scrippsi is very indistinct (2) (4). Female Xantus’s murrelets are usually larger than the males, while juveniles may be distinguished by the scattered dark barring along the flanks (2). This seabird calls with a shrill whistle (4).Student Home
GO TO...
CLASSES & INTERESTS
DIRECTORY
CALENDAR
NEWS
MN Potters Sharing the Fire
Jil Franke received a BS in Art Education from Mankato State University and has taught art at Breck School in Minneapolis since 1984. Her work is shown in galleries across the country and has been included in exhibitions in Taipei, Taiwan and Australia. She has been featured in “Ceramics Monthly”, “Clay Times”, and the books “500 Cups” and “Tableware In Clay From Studio And Workshop”. She is a regular guest artist at Linda Christianson’s studio during the annual St. Croix Valley Pottery Tour.
AKAR Design
Schaller GalleryQuoted from DenverFoodie
It seems odd they would be comparing a picture of an angry cat to a picture of a cooked steak on the plate. Reminds me of an author promoting vegetarianism who said (and I paraphrase) "If you put a live animal and a salad in a crib with a baby which one do you think the baby would choose to eat?" What! So much for science. :-/
Quoted from Dr. D
To me type O vegans always seem to be the most anxious...
Quoted from deblynn3
. How agressive is an A if their foods were lacking? Wonder if A's feel the same way with photo's of meat?
Quoted from 815
I'm always worried about the freshness if it's "safe" (mad cow) . :-/
Quoted from ABJoe
Relax... Some A's just worry about everything... ;) ::) If it isn't one thing its 3 more... :-/ :o Breathe, Breathe, Breathe.... It is all OK... ;D
Quoted from AKArtlover
The people on this board would have been hilarious in that study. I can just see Mayflowers getting those picture cards of the steak and asking the lab assistants about their blood type and blowing the whole experiment with a discussion about meat. ;D- Shopping Bag ( 0 items )
The Power of a Positive No: How to Say No and Still Get to Yes
Visuospatial
Posted July 11, 2009
A "How To Primer" on Assertiveness
Mr. Ury sets forth a very instructive, and inspirational, treatise on how we can be assertive, even when, and especially when, we disagree. The most overwhelming obstacle to our asserting of ourselves is our penchant to wilt under the stress of self-consciousness when in a public communicative situation. This book shows, in detail, how to overcome this barrier and to achieve what we want and need when seemingly others in positions of leverage and authority are telling us something with which we disagree. The author instructs us in how we can say, "No!" and still emerge with our dignity intact. This is one of the most pragmatically useful books I have read. A collateral benefit is the very pointedly positive feelings of supreme confidence that the reader acquires as a direct result of implementing the advisement in this book.Was this review helpful? Yes NoThank you for your feedback. Report this reviewThank you, this review has been flagged."."
"i.Mirror by China Tracy (AKA: Cao Fei Second Life Documentary Film)", detail (2007)
Production stills, Second Life Documentary Film, single-channel color video with sound, 28 minutes
© Cao Fei
Courtesy the artist and Lombard-Freid Projects, New York
"More often than not (let's put aside real life or Second Life for a moment), we are unable to untangle or find a solution to the intrinsic dilemmas of the human condition. The fact remains that we humans cannot really resolve our own plight and predicament."
-Cao FeiCooler Master has been busy lately with releasing a whole slew of mid tower cases. Today we have their latest, the HAF 922. This is the little brother of the HAF 932. Will it perform as well as its big brother?
[review_ad]
Introduction
Cooler Master has been quite busy lately with all these new cases. So far, three new mid tower cases have been released, the Sniper, Scout, and now the HAF 922. The HAF 922 is the little brother of the HAF 932. The HAF series has been specifically designed to include large fans to keep noise down, but still move a ton of air. The HAF 932 certainly did not disappoint in that regard. One can certainly say that the Cooler Master HAF 932 is one of the best cases for moving air without being a blow dryer. Cooler Master has set the bar high from the start. The HAF 922 has to prove it can move a ton of air while still being very compact.
The compactness should not be a automatic shun from enthusiasts. Cooler Master has not forgotten about you! They have impressively made enough room at the top of the case to be able to house a dual 120mm radiator for a liquid cooling system. This is a welcome surprise from such a small case. Just from looking at the case, I can feel it’s going to be great. Now, let’s get on to testing this thing out.
- Extreme airflow, uncompromising cooling performance, ruggedly strong
- 200x30mm fan x 2 for maximum airflow at minimal noise and also supports up to 200x30mm x 3
- Accomodates demanding high end components including full length graphics cards
- Includes cable management and CPU retaining hold for easy customizability
- 7+1 PCI expansion slots, for increased expandability
- Front I/O for easy access
- Ready for liquid cooling radiators and hardware
- Tool-free installation design
- Front panel LED ON/OFF switch for front 200mm fan
Specifications
Steel is a great metal to use in cases. This ensures that the side panels won’t be flimsy. The case is quite light for being made of steel, coming in just short of 19.5 pounds. Cooler Master also backs this case with a 2 year limited warranty. I kind of wish Cooler Master would have thrown in another 200mm fan, so you could have a side intake along with the top exhaust.
Pictures & Impressions
As with just about every other case known to man, Cooler Master has included a variety of features and pictures of the case itself on the box. One feature that really stands out to me is the ability to run a dual 120mm radiator for a water cooling setup. Not many full tower cases support this feature, let alone a mid tower. Also, a nice feature is the inclusion of two 200mm fans. These are quite massive and move a ton of air. It’s no mystery why Cooler Master calls this a High Air Flow case. With all this praise you would think that Cooler Master could do no harm, but they did miss one detail. In the pictures you can clearly see that all three fans have red LED’s. So it was a surprise to me when I turned it on and only the front 200mm fan had LED’s. Cooler Master could have at least been nice enough to include all red LED fans. I feel that the least Cooler Master could have done is not include misleading pictures of LED fans.
The accessories that come with the case may seem like very little at the first, but much of what you would normally get is already built into the case, such as the disk drive holders. What is included is an abnormally long speaker. I think Cooler Master could have done well with a much smaller speaker, but perhaps they intended for you to hide it behind the motherboard back plate or something similar. There are also two bags with mounting hardware for the motherboard, as well as screws for the PSU and such. There are a few zip ties thrown in, which is always nice to see, as I don’t like using my main supply a lot. Those metal brackets on the right are to mount a Floppy drive, very handy for anyone who still keeps one hooked up all the time. Also, what puzzled me is the inclusion of sand paper. I am guessing that it is for if rust starts forming on the inside of the case.
The packaging is the same as any other case you’ve ever bought. The two Styrofoam pieces keep the case from moving around in the box. The plastic covering helps ensure that the case does not get scratched up before you receive it. Both the plastic and the styrofoam were of pretty good quality. I tried breaking pieces off of the Styrofoam, but was unable to do so without a large amount of force. The plastic was also like this. In fact, I don’t think I have seen plastic this thick before on a case.
The front of the HAF922 looks very similar to the 932, with the exception of fewer disk drive slots. I don’t see this being much of a problem since there are still four slots. Most users will only need two max, but if you need to have more you can use the bottom slot for a disk drive instead of a floppy. All of the drive bay covers have filters on them (much welcomed, as dust can clog up a system really fast and hinder cooling). The bottom 200mm fan also has a filter, but it is a bit hard to get to it. You have to open both sides of the case and unscrew a few screws. I feel that Cooler Master should have included clips of some kind, as they are much easier to take off.
The front panel is a bit changed from the 932. It has two fewer USB inputs, but this is not a big issue since most users wont need to plug in multiple devices at once. The eSATA port is still on this version, which is nice for those of us with a external drive that supports eSATA. I feel that the power button is overly large. In fact, my cat jumped on the case while I was writing this and turned my computer off. Anyone with a small animal should watch out if they want to climb on computer cases. To the right of the power button is the switch to turn the LED’s on or off. Unfortunately, as mentioned earlier, the front fan is the only fan with LED’s. To the right of the power button is the reset switch. I don’t use this much, but it is nice if you need a quick restart. Below this are the standard HDD activity light and power light.
As we move further back we will see the top features. The top design again resembles the 932. The front part of the top is raised like on the 932, but instead of having a straight angle down, Cooler Master has put a bit of design into it. I think that it looks a bit better than the HAF932. Also different is the extent of the top mesh. On the HAF932 it covered the whole top, but on the 922 it only covers where the fans would be. As you can see, there are mounts for either a 200mm fan or two 120mm fans. This allows the case to have a dual radiator mounted in the top.
The back of the case is, unfortunatetly, not painted black. I don’t see why Cooler Master didn’t make this part black. It seems like an easy quick way to make the case look a bit cooler. Near the top are two holes to run liquid cooling tubes through. This will come in hand if you run a radiator out of the back of the case, but this will most likely not be used unless you want to liquid cool your graphics cards on top of your CPU. As you can see, the PSU is bottom mounted to allow the top to be used for other things. There is also an expansion slot just, more or less, hanging there. I am not really sure what this is doing on a case, but I am sure someone will find a use for it.
One look and one of the first things you will probably notice is the HAF logo on the side of the case. I found this to be a nice touch, but its a bit dark, and sometimes can be hard to see. The 922 has a similar side mesh to the Sniper. The only real difference is the Sniper’s mesh covers more of the side panel. The raised part of the side is very similar to the one on the Scout. In this way you can think of the HAF as a bit of a cross in design between the Scout and Sniper.
The inside is pretty standard of any case set up like this one is. I am not a huge fan of bottom mounted PSU’s because mine never seem to be able to intake any air at all. I love the included backing that tells where the motherboard screws should be. Often, I find myself guessing a bit or looking heavily at the board, so this helps me a lot. Also worth noting is the cut out section behind where the CPU sits. This has been shown to reduce CPU temperatures, as well as make it far easier to install a large cooler such as the Cooler Master V10.
The drive bay system is the same that is used in many of Cooler Masters cases, including the Cosmos. These are very easy to use and are very effective. All you have to do is push the button in and your drive is secure. The system works by pushing little metal rods into the screw holes on the drive. This makes the drive fit solidly. and if you don’t trust tool less drives, then you still have the option to screw the drive in. This will surely make anyone who doesn’t trust systems such as this happy.
The HDD mounting system is also shared with many other Cooler master cases. At first I tried to just jam the drive inside the bracket, but then I found that the rods are removable. So I tried putting them in first, then inserting the drive, which also did not go well at all. I eventually gave up and just forced the HDD’s into the bracket. Cooler Master should think about making this system more user friendly. Once the drive is in, then all you have to do is slide it in and clip the clip, and it is secure. This part of the process was very simple and straightforward.
As we head to the back of the case we see even more care given to this case. The back is perfect for cable management. I had no problems fitting a 24-pin connector behind the motherboard back plate. The cabling for the case is kind of annoying since it comes from the very top of the case, but it can easily be concealed behind the HDD bay and disk drive bay. There is also a small hole near the bottom of the motherboard back plate which can be used to route cables behind, and thus clean up the front of the case.
The HAF922 gets off to a great start. It matches the GPU temperature of the Scout. If a fan was added to blow on the graphics card I am sure the temperature would drop another degree or two. Somehow the 922 manages to be one degree cooler than the Scout. The top 200mm fan must help take how air away from the V10, and thus lowers the temperatures.
Once again the HAF922 pulls ahead of the Scout. I didn’t think that the top fan on the 922 would make much of a difference, but it seems to have a clear advantage with lowering the CPU temperature. The GPU temperature doesn’t change much, probably due to the similar set up as far as airflow in the graphics card area.
Conclusion
The Cooler Master HAF922 is a mid tower that packs a lot of punch. The case itself is built out of steel. This steel construction means that it is not easy to bend the case sides so they no longer lock securely. This steel construction also means that the case will be sturdy enough to not worry about it crushing around their components. The tool less drives are of excellent quality, so you can be sure your components will stay safe. The fans used are of great quality, even though only two of them have LED’s. The thought put into the cable management aspect of the case is great, as all too many cases fail to address this issue.
The price far more than makes this case a great buy. With a MSRP of only $130 USD this case is a higher price than the Scout. It is hard to pick between the Scout and the HAF922. The Scout looks a little better than the HAF, but the HAF keeps your components cooler. Another plus of the Scout is its carrying handle, which unfortunately the HAF lacks. Anyone who’s ever had a case with a carrying handle will agree with the fact that it makes it much easier to carry the case around. I can see that Cooler Master made the Scout as more of a LAN case, where the HAF is more of a better stay home case.
Cooler Master really wraps the HAF922 up with its warranty. With a two year limited warranty, the HAF922 has a pretty good warranty for a case. The case includes everything you need, including a manual in case you’re a new user. Overall, the Cooler Master HAF922 is of the up most quality, has an excellent price, and is one of the best air flow cases I have ever seen.
We are trying out a new addition to our scoring system to provide additional feedback beyond a flat score. Please note that the final score isn’t an aggregate average of the new rating system.
- Performance 10
- Value 10
- Quality 10
- Warranty 9
- Features 8
- Innovation 8
Pros:
+ Great Price
+ Great Airflow
+ Cable Management
Cons:
– No Carrying Handle
– Only One Red LED Fan
With a final score of 9 out of 10 the Cooler Master HAF922 receives the Bjorn3D Golden Bear Award.
Houston company needs your help to edge ahead in social media contest
Round three ends tonight in the American City Business Journal's social media contest, and the one Houston company remaining needs your help.
Rockwood Shutters, Blinds & Shades is in the middle of the pack and needs a boost from Houstonians.
Help Rockwood make the cut for round four by voting in the Social Madness bracket.
Eight companies still remain in the small category, and only four will move on when the polls close tonight at 10:59 p.m. Central Time.
Votes help the companies, as do points earned from organic social media engagement.
We've talked to Rockwood about its success so far, and the company's social media manager has shared some top tips that might help your business too.(SALINA, Kan.) — Michael Kelly says he went to St. John's Military School to build a better future for himself. But Kelly says he couldn't move beyond the "culture of abuse" at the school. A picture that Kelly says shows him bound and blindfolded is now part of the latest allegations against the school.
"They sent it to my mother's phone. I think they took my cell phone and most likely got her number out of there. And then sent it to her,” Kelly said.
Kelly talked to FactFinder 12 via the internet from Tennessee. He's one of the three most recent former students to join a federal lawsuit against the school. Kelly says the picture doesn't show the worst of it.
"I have a brand on my stomach, numerous cigarette burns, and about 30 scars on my right arm,” Kelly said.
Another new plaintiff says both of his legs were broken. The complaint says staff and students "dragged him by his ankles, shaking them wildly, kicked him in the knees, demanded he stand up on his broken legs." The complaint alleges an X-ray shows the student was abused so badly, "that the bone was displaced several inches below his knee."Henry of Bracton (or Bratton) (c. 1210-1268) was a jurist who worked as a Justice of Assize in the south-west of England, and was the author of the first systematic discussion of English common law. The manuscripts which form Bracton's Note Book were discovered in the British Museum in 1884 by Vinogradoff, and were edited in three volumes in 1887 by Maitland. These volumes contain a collection of over 2,000 law cases from the thirteenth century, each with a description of how the law should be applied to the particular circumstances of each case. This is the first example of case law in English legal writing, and its usefulness as a record of legal precedent probably led to the creation of Year Rolls (official records of court cases) from 1268. Volume 2 contains the texts of Pleas in the Bench from 1218 to 1234.May the Speed Force Be With You: "The Flash" Finale's Greatest Moments
TV
Showing results 1-6 of 6
Stan Lee talks "The Amazing Spider-Man!" Jor-El and Faora's "Man of Steel" costumes revealed! Is a director's cut of "The Avengers" on its way? Plus, "Robocop" casting news.
Doug Zawisza gave "The Stuff of Legend: The Jungle" #4 4.5 stars, calling the latest issue of the indy comics hit "one of the most beautiful books I have the pleasure of reading."
Mike Raicht, co-writer of the hit Th3rd World Studios comic "Stuff of Legend," spoke with CBR about the latest issue and what's to come in the acclaimed series, his work on "Raise the Dead II," "Infestation" and more.
The writer behind the indie hit "Stuff of Legend" gears up for a second volume launch on Free Comic Book Day and teases his adaptation of the hot YA series "Mortal Instruments" and a Superman tale.By Justin Sink - 10/13/11 03:45 PM EDT
Grover Norquist, the president of Americans for Tax Reform, the anti-tax advocacy group best known for soliciting pledges from politicians not to support any legislation that would raise taxes, said Thursday that he did not support Herman Cain's 9-9-9 tax reform proposal.
"It's like having three needles in your arm taking blood out. It's much more dangerous than just one," Norquist said on MSNBC.."
"The good news is the next Republican president only needs a forefinger and then pen and the capacity to hold a pen, he doesn't need to come up with ideas," Norquist said. "We have a Republican House, we will have a Republican Senate, they will fix the tax code and send them stuff to sign. He can fly around in a cool big plane and hang around the White House and he can sign the legislation that [House Speaker John] Boehner and [Senate Minority Leader] Mitch McConnell send him, and we'll be fine."Rumors..
myspace profile work let lme login
i think myspace should be listening to the people and hearing them out. I’ve been complaining to them for months now. also, i see a lot of comments on myspace to tom who doesn’t own myspace anymore.. i see youtube videos about people complaining about the new change and how they don’t like it at all!. To be honest and lets be honest myspace sucks now! i mean if you really want people to come back to myspace i think they should consider bringing back 1.0 and having the option wether or not to choose what profile they want to use. the 1.0 or the new 3.0 myspace. if they have that option everyone will be coming back to myspace for sure. i think the people who now own it should really listen to the people. otherwise myspace is going to be dead. Facebook is owning its social network because its simple and not a lot going on with it. its simple and clean. i mean i can understand change but, i would like to go back to myspace one day but, not with all that crap going on with it. i want the simple. i want to have a choice to choose which profile i want to use. i want the 1.0 profile back and i strongly believe it should come back.Shrubs
Tropicals and Tender Perennials
12-18 in. (30-45 cm)
18-24 in. (45-60 cm)
24-36 in. (60-90 cm)
36-48 in. (90-120 cm)
4-6 ft. (1.2-1.8 m)
6-8 ft. (1.8-2.4 m)
Full Sun
Parts of plant are poisonous if ingested
Plant has spines or sharp edges; use extreme caution when handling
Bright Yellow
Medium Blue
Evergreen
Average Water Needs; Water regularly; do not overwater
Suitable for growing in containers
From seed; sow indoors before last frost
No details have been posted.With all the spam, trolls, and hashtags on the likes of Twitter and Facebook, it's clear social networking is a big mess. At least, that's the argument behind Emojli, a new kind of social network launching soon on iOS that lets users skip the pesky words and communicate using just symbols. :-) or :-( ?
The whole Emojli network is emoji based, from usernames to status updates. Matt Gray and Tom Scott, the creators of Emojli, claim there won't be any spam on their social network because there isn't an emoji for spam, and the worst message you can receive is a picture of a pile of poop. Compared to some of the, well, dung we've all seen in mentions and direct messages on Twitter, I'd say a picture of it isn't all that bad.
"Now we know what you're thinking: This is satire. No one would actually make this thing. It's not, and we have," they say.
Emojli will launch on iOS soon, and will make its way to other platforms later this year. To reserve your username, which can of course only be in emoji, head over to Emojli's launch page.
(Via Laughing Squid)Ug.
LINK
POST COMMENT | COMMENT RSS 2.0
John
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Ask their christianist supporters to donate. I do not want my money going to these fucks.
SharonB
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Whelp, let’s check back in a year and find out how much their society is benefiting from their new found [self] righteousness.
Rob in San Diego
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Meanwhile next door in Kenya lawmakers are poised to make polygamy legal for men to have multiple wives. Hmm, now I thought that polygamy was a slippery slope from marriage equality…
Richard Rush
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Every nation needs to find something to be proud of, and then celebrate it. And what they find tells the rest of the world a lot about their nation.
FYonug
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
The thing about polygamy is that, for every man who has three wives, two men are doomed never to be able to find a wife to marry.
On the other hand, every same-sex marriage between men means that two more straight men can find a wife.
Same-sex marriage between men is a salvation for straight men in countries that allow polygamy.
Soren456
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Pardon me if I just sit back and laugh at them. It’s all I can do.
They are “shedding their colonial past” and they charge that western countries are “attacking our culture, which is the bedrock of our survival.”
And yet . . . every damned one of them is garbed in western clothing—suits and ties and hats; the religious contingent is purely western, with a sprinkle of middle eastern; the crowd is T-shirted and sneakered.
Not an indigenous shaman among them; just the merest hint of native clothing; nothing printed or spoken in an indigenous language.
Even the self-righteous pomposity is western.
Steve
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Never mind that their entire religion, homophobia and legal system is a western import.
Paul
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
I think we would be to mad to think that God who created man and woman made a mistake. It should not be a blanket generalization of western world not all persons from this region supports homosexuality. A simple question to those proponents “would you have been born had your parents been same sex? Lets use our minds well as having been created in God’s Image and hence not expected to behave worse than animals as never has it been Known that any animal misses the right opening and goes for the one for passing out waste! Lets appreciate God for what we are.
FYoung
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Hi Paul, it’s nice to know that you read Box Turtle Bulletin. I encourage you to you read the stories and comments with an open mind so that you’ll eventually become educated about homosexuality and gender.
So few Africans have access or are even receptive to truthful information about sexual orientation and gender.
But, this is a pretty good place for you to become educated, if you’re humble and honest enough to know that you know nothing about homosexuality but falsehoods, provided you are receptive and respectful enough to learn from people who know.
Most Africans have access only to disinformation propagated by ignorant homophobes. If you’re not LGB yourself, a sex therapist or a sexologist, and you don’t have intimate LGB friends, it’s impossible for you to know anything about homosexuality.
Timothy Kincaid
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Soren and Steve,
Yes, it’s in Western garb conducted in English, and in the pomp of English ceremony and the trappings of imported Christianity, all to celebrate that unlike the West, these Africans will persecute their own people.
The primary purpose of the whole nonsense is to give the middle finger to the nations that keep them afloat.
It all comes across like a childish tantrum:
“Mommy, Mommy, Mommy, pay attention to me. I hate you! Mommy!! I hate you! Pay attention, Mommy! I hate you!”
Ben In Oakland
April 1st, 2014 | LINK
Paul,
. If you don’t want to believe that– and that is born out by science, medicine, the testimony of millions of gay people, the Mormon church, and the catholic Church– then you are choosing willful ignorance.
“A simple question to those proponents “would you have been born had your parents been same sex?” Paul, if you have ever had sex for any reason other than with the express intention of procreation, you have just invalidated your own argument about what sex is for.
And Paul, your mention of anal sex indicates a good portion of where your fascination lies. You might want to look up prurient interest, and ask yourself why anal sex is the first place you go, and why you have absolutely no interest in learning about the people you condemn.
Actually, Paul, didn’t jesus say something about judging others? If you haven’t thought that that’s what your doing, I’m here to inform you that’s exactly what you are doing.
If you persist in all of these things– wilfull ignorance, moral hypocrisy, and prurient interest– then we will be unable to help you. Ad by help you, I mean educate you– factually, morally, and personally.
There is simply no reason to waste a single electron further on you.
Lord_Byron
April 2nd, 2014 | LINK
If the pope were serious about change he would defrock Cyprian Lwanga
JCF
April 2nd, 2014 | LINK
Jesus wept.
Hunter
April 2nd, 2014 | LINK
I really wish there were some way to completely isolate Uganda — and Nigeria, and any other country that favors these kinds of laws. And for those who might object because withdrawing aid, restricting trade, and so forth, would hurt “the people,” let me point out that “the people” elected these governments. Let them enjoy the consequences.
MattNYC
April 2nd, 2014 | LINK
@Soren456
“Even the self-righteous pomposity is western.”
Brilliant!Tom
By My Side - Poem by Tom
Like blood flows through my veins,
the thought of you is in my brain.
When it feels like the last drop of hope is lost,
I just think of the times when you were there with me.
Although sometimes it seems like I'm just sitting in my own pool of despair,
I'm really just waiting for the day you'll be back be my side.
Poet's Notes about The Poem
This is a short little poem i wrote the other day. I'm just really missing someone lately and I've been writing a lot about her.
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Poem Submitted: Saturday, April 26, 2014
Poem Edited: Saturday, April, good poem tom, please check my poems out (Report) ReplyWhat's New for
April 2015?
Examinations of performance practice (for "early" as well as for any other period of music) will probably always be written. And rightly so. New research, new documents, new insights – and above all new performing experiences – will and should continue to inform the ways we make and listen to music. The subtitle of this excellent new book by Anne Smith is Learning from the Theorists; this perhaps undersells its erudition and perceptiveness – as though Smith herself were being handed someone else's "lessons". Not a bit of it. The Performance of 16th-Century Music is packed with sound, scholarly, tried-and-tested ideas, principles and highly illuminating suggestions. Suggestions chiefly for performers, admittedly; but most of great relevance to anyone involved in any way with music of the sixteenth century. The book has much greater depth than a manual; more breadth than a treatise.
Smith starts well by encouraging us not to feel thrown by how different is the music of the period on which she is concentrating so expertly; by acknowledging that we almost inevitably come to it after (sometimes even through) familiarity with music of later centuries. And she makes a virtue of such differences. Musicians from the Renaissance learned their craft, followed their "profession" (such as it was one), considered their place(s) in society, understood issues of durability, ephemerality and the relationships between composer and performer, all differently from the ways in which we do; and differently from the ways in which intervening experiences from later centuries have themselves contributed to our own perceptions.
Anne Smith has 40 years experience studying, performing and teaching the sources which underpin the way in which music from the sixteenth century reaches us. But that's not enough. Probably more has changed over those 40 years in that theoretical framework than at any other time since the music itself ceased to be contemporary. So anyone doing other than merely reporting on how that music is performed needs to be deft at reflecting, acknowledging, sifting (perhaps looking askance at) and evaluating competing and evolving theories. Anne Smith is.
She's also very adept at drawing a fine line between functionally strong recommendation for performers on the one hand; and what emerges from the less pragmatic world of the musicologist on the other. And then at extracting the most salient – the best, indeed – of both. The Performance of 16th-Century Music: Learning from the Theorists is thoughtfully-enough written to please both communities; that is, where they are not one and the same.
The ground covered is ambitious: the emphasis on the sixteenth century on part- and choir-books; the consequent need for memorization; solmization; rhythmic equalities and inequalities and their impact on the metric hierarchies, and the tactus; the relationship of Renaissance rhetoric to musical structure; the skills expected of contemporary musicians. Finally Smith examines some of the changes which took place during the period under examination itself.
This is not a long book; most of the ten chapters are short; the whole volume runs to under 200 substantive pages. It's amply illustrated with musical examples, reproductions of manuscripts, tables, and some photographs. The subject matter is handled in a most approachable manner that really does make it accessible to expert, newcomer to the field and informed listener alike. Specifically, one gets the sense that the musicians of the sixteenth century are reaching out to us, exposing their concerns and exemplifying their successes. Extracts (often in the original Latin, Italian and German etc) bring their preoccupations very much to life. In essence that must be exactly what Smith wanted. Such immediacy meets as directly as possible after 500 years her near insistence that we, as listeners, for example, hear the music with ears effectively other than our own. Nor is The Performance of 16th-Century Music: Learning from the Theorists an expensive book. If you're in any way interested in music from the period, indeed in the discipline of understanding, advising on, teaching or generally appreciating the evolution of performance practice, this will prove an informative and highly useful book.TRAVERSE CITY, MI, Apr 09, 2014 (Marketwired via COMTEX) --:
-- Operating Room Patient Flow -- Staff Assist -- Nurse Call Automation -- Nurse Location -- Asset Tracking -- RTLS Analytics -- Patient Wander Alerts.@versustech.com Investor/Analyst Contact: Versus Technology, Inc. Joseph Winowiecki Chief Financial Officer 231.946.5868 joew@versustech.com
SOURCE: Versus Technology, Inc.May 29, 2014 by Josh Weiss
MCT Campus Alan Markfield
Ellen Page (left) and Shawn Ashmore (right) star in “X-Men: Days of Future Past.” Page plays Kitty Pryde, also known as Shadowcat, a mutant who has the ability to send a person’s consciousness back in time. The film premiered May 23.
Superheroes and alternate history go hand in hand; just look at Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons’ “Watchmen,” which had America victorious in the Vietnam War, Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein murdered before they could expose Watergate, and Richard Nixon elected to a fifth term in office all thanks to the existence of caped crusaders.
“X-Men: Days of Future Past” (released May 23) plays around with the Paris Peace Accords and “Tricky Dick” Nixon in the very same way, placing superhuman characters in the thick of actual events for one of the greatest time travel romps since “Back To The Future” and what could be the greatest cinematic experience of the summer.
Based on Chris Claremont and John Byrne’s 1981 comic book storyline of the same name (the fourth X-Men film to be inspired by Claremont’s work), The movie is a sequel to the original “X-Men” trilogy, Matthew Vaughn’s “X-Men: First Class,” and the two “Wolverine” spin-offs, reuniting their ensemble casts while solving most of the large pile of blaring continuity issues between them. Having started the entire franchise back in 2000, Bryan Singer (“The Usual Suspects”) returned as director once Vaughn dropped out to pursue another comic book adaptation, “Kingsman: The Secret Service.”
“Days of Future Past” begins in a bleak “Terminator”-esque future where menacing robots known as Sentinels hunt down and terminate mutants ,as well as any human who has the genetic capacity to produce a mutant child. As a small group of remaining X-Men faces certain annihilation, Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat (Ellen Page) sends the immortal Wolverine’s consciousness back to 1973 so he can stop the Sentinel program from ever coming to fruition.
Stepping into the role for the seventh time, Hugh Jackman is gruff, yet lovable as the Adamantium-clawed, self-healing, cigar-smoking mutant who is tasked with recruiting the help of young Charles Xavier (Professor X) and Erik Lehnsherr (Magneto). This proves difficult as Charles has become a shaggy and hopeless man due to the closing of his school, while Erik, a Holocaust survivor tired of enough discrimination for one lifetime, has been imprisoned beneath the Pentagon for assassinating John F. Kennedy. He is accused of using his powers to bend one of Oswald’s bullets (a clever parallel to the “Magic Bullet” theory in our universe).
James McAvoy (Xavier) and Michael Fassbender (Lehnsherr) reprise their roles from “First Class” and exceed the work done by Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen over the course of the franchise. They really understand what makes these wounded characters tick, the pain and darkness lurking just beneath the surface that determine either redemption or monstrousness.
Since most of the plot takes place in the 1970s, Singer not only constructs a satisfying superhero film, but an accurate period piece to boot. From grainy Super 8 footage, to clothing, to television shows playing in the background, there’s a nostalgic appeal that can only be conveyed by William Shatner’s Captain Kirk or Quincy Jones’ theme to “Sanford & Son.”
While there aren’t many songs from the big-haired, vinyl era, the ones featured are perfect; hits by Roberta Flack and Jim Croce are used sparingly to subtly remind us where we are. Musical saturation and some of its cliches were avoided like “Fortunate Son” in scenes involving ‘Nam. Forget “American Hustle,” this is the best ‘70s movie you’ll see all year!
Like “Captain America: The Winter Solider” did, this “X-Men” outing pays homage to some of the great political thrillers of the ‘70s (e.g., “All The President’s Men,” “Three Days of the Condor”). Conspiracy plays an important role in the movie’s plot with Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence is perfect as the sexy flower power, shape-shifting mutant freedom fighter) doing some The Washington Post-like snooping into Bolivar Trask, the creator of the Sentinels who likes to do some pretty heinous genetic research on mutants. Trask is played by a calculating Peter Dinklage, disguised behind thick, era-appropriate glasses and facial hair.
At just over two hours, the movie feels longer than it is, but never drags on. Despite its massive scope, Simon Kinberg’s screenplay is just the right mix of action, sci-fi mumbo jumbo and character development. It’s chock full of familiar faces (and new ones), smart dialogue, inspiring speeches and breathtaking set pieces like a sports stadium being lowered onto the White House lawn or a hilarious slo-mo prison break with the speedy Quicksilver (newcomer Evan Peters) that gives a whole new meaning to the phrase “movie magic.” There’s even a foreboding look at the 2016 sequel, “X-Men: Apocalypse.”
It’s no coincidence that the movie is set in the ‘70s (or released Memorial Day weekend for that matter). It tackles a pretty turbulent era when the U.S. finally lost a war and Americans lost faith in their own government. It was also during this time that different demographics fought hard for equal rights. The plight of the mutants who hid due to discrimination and suffered xenophobia is a metaphor for African Americans, homosexuals and women who have all made huge leaps forward in their respective crusades for equality during the decade. Unlike most Marvel features, “Days of Future Past” is more mature and resonates superhero escapism. Like Cerebro, it’ll broaden your horizons and blow your mind in equal doses.Your browser either does not support JavaScript or you have JavaScript disabled. Please enable JavaScript or view this page in
Text Version
.
This table is used for column layout.
Local Tax Fairness Committee formerly Local Option Local Income Tax (A)
Friday, February 28, 2014 at 8:00 AM
Town House, 22 Monument Sq.
Printer-Friendly Version
Tax Fairness Committee
Town House, 22 Monument Square
Friday, February 28, 2014
8:00 am
AGENDA
Approval of minutes of January 10, 2014
Discussion of the Residential Exemption
Lane Partridge – Town Appraiser
Tony Logalbo – Finance Director
Consideration of the Sudbury means-tested senior exemption
(Ch. 169 of the Acts of 2012)
Virtual Towns & Schools WebsiteThe Final Screening of the Season
Salt Lake City is seeing the CSTS event season out with style!
On Oct. 26th,the Utah Browncoats will gather to see Serenity once again. There will be an auction and raffle and some shiny swag for sale. Firefly/Serenity costumes are very much encouraged!
Tickets are $10.00 in advance and $15.00 at the door.Posted by lioness on October 10, 2013 in 2013, Events tagged with costumes, CSTS, Events, serenity
Tiny URL for this post:
Discussion – No Comments
There are no responses to "The Final Screening of the Season".
No one has posted a comment on this post yet. Be the first one!How do you write about something that inspires you? How do you describe something that reminds you why you love to create? How do you interpret something that teaches you the importance of people of all classes? Well I guess you could start by giving it a name: The Pitmen Painters play at the National Theater. Now I am not a theater person myself. And although we have seen quite a few plays up to this point, Troilus and Cresida, Alls Well That Ends Well, Arcadia, none of them have sparked my interest enough to blog about them until the Pitmen Painters last night. It was so much more than a play about the struggle of the lower classes, or the search for IDENTITY in London society, or even the importance of art to modern society; it was about DISCOVERY. It touched on the heart of what it meant to strive for more, without even knowing you were striving for more, yet knowing you DESERVED more.
While the theme of artistry was what I related to the most in the play (which I will go into more detail about later on), the idea of class and personal identity separate of class identity was another theme I found moving. The class system has traditionally been very prominent in British culture. As we have seen in our various reading thus far in the class, it is still very much an existing prejudice here in London. Although we have spent most of our time studying the prejudices against many immigrant and ethnic communities of more middle to lower classes, this play focused on the disadvantage lower class uneducated miners. As these men took this art class, and began to create and fmailiaritize themselves with art, they still tried to retainer their IDENTITY as miners. Yet, when their instructors strives to use them to prove that all “lower classes” are capable of artistic achievement, the miners reject this, and strive for their own individual identities as artists, separate from other people of their class. In this way I think that the play was able to capture the essence of what we have learned from our readings, visiting various religious sites, and seeing the immigrant communities and markets. Essentially, how does one balance personal identity with group identity. At what cost to the group—whether it be religious, class, ethnic, or other social structure—does one get to be an individual, or a Londoner? Or a native? Or British? In the same way that these miners tried to maintain both identities and form a new one, migrating and immigrant groups to London must find a balance between who they were in their group, and who they want to be to fit in in London. The play also touched on a another more personal level. As an artist myself, I found the play to be especially moving on an artistic level. Since I have been to London, I have hardly drawn and have certainly not embarked on any larger scale artistic projects. There have been reasons and justifications of course, too busy, too tired, not enough space. But Oliver’s struggle to balance the pressures of his role in society as a miner, with his desire and growing passion for art and learning reminded me that art is more than a hobby. When Helen Sutherland confronts Oliver about his artistic future, she does not try to sway him by reassuring him of his talent or artistic ability, instead she tells him that he “thinks like an artist.” Art is not a thing you do, it is who you are. I found this to be one of the most touching parts of the play. It reminded me why I create. It’s not because I like to, or want to, or even because I am good at. No, I create because I have to. ART is not something I do, it is WHO I AM.
If you’re interested in my own personal art, check out my weebsite: MNL.
Karl // Sep 13th 2009 at 03:02
Thanks Megan for recognizing the connection I was hoping to make with Pitmen Painters. There are many parts of personal identification. I chose religion and ethnicity as the focus on London so that you will be more aware of it when we get to Norwich. Class, however, still remains a very stark divide it seems in the UK, so I wanted to bring it up at the end with Pitmen and Blood Brothers. Both are excellent portrayals of the importance of class, but in my mind one was clearly superior as a performance.Career Options
The PhD in Exceptional Student Education prepares you for a career in the following:
- College or university teaching and research
- Leadership positions in community, state, and government agencies
- Personnel preparation and policy positions in school districts
- Curriculum development, design, implementation, and evaluation in Special Education programsIn an interview with This is My Story, Thomas said the assassination that was carried out in late 2010 in Tehran was a classic example of a Mossad operation.
On November 29, 2010, Dr. Majid Shahriari was targeted by a bomb attached to his car by terrorists on a motorcycle. He was martyred immediately but his wife narrowly escaped death.
In a similar attack on another university lecturer on the same day, terrorists tried to assassinate Fereydoun Abbasi. However, Abbasi and his wife survived with only minor injuries.
Abbasi and Shahriari were both professors at Shahid Beheshti University in Tehran.
Thomas said the Mossad has a group of engineers and scientists who design and produce various types of weapons, adding that one of these weapons is a small fist-sized bomb equipped with a suction pump.
Thomas explained Mossad's experts spent weeks to figure out how to make this bomb and how to attach it to a moving car and decided motorcycles should be used as the getaway vehicles in the assassination attempts in Tehran,Poonshine & Poonshine, Inc. filed as an Articles of Incorporation in the State of California and is no longer active. This corporate entity was filed approximately ten years ago on Friday, April 1, 2005 as recorded in documents filed with California Secretary of State.
Allen Shellenberger served as the President
The registered agent for the company is Staci Robley. Also known as a statutory or resident agent, the registered agent is responsible for receiving legal notifications regarding court summons, lawsuits, and other legal actions involving the corporate entity.The Restoration Millwork PVC beadboard trim profiles fit together seamlessly with a notched shiplap design that leaves a large concealed nailing area. The low-maintenance 3TL profile is 8 1/2 inches wide and installs 30 percent faster than standard-width beadboard, the maker says. The boards resist rotting, warping, moisture, and insects. CertainTeed. 800.233.8990..
Join the Discussion
Please read our Content Guidelines before postingFruit Filling - Fresh:
4 bananas
1/2 cantaloupe
2 apples
2 oranges
1-2 pears
grapes
(blueberries, strawberries or cherries)
2 Kiwi
Preheat oven to 425° raise rack to 3rd level.
Pancakes: Wisk eggs in large bowl till frothy then wisk in milk till blended, sift flour and salt onto waxed paper, pick up ends of waxed paper with flour to form a flute and gradually shake flour into wet ingredients while mixing with wisk. Wisk entire mixture thoroughly, add butter and wisk till blended.
Oil - 4 small 6" cast iron skillets completely (bottom and sides using fingers).
Pour 3 oz.+ into each skillet and bake till pancakes raise like crowns and are light brown and firm (about 20 minutes). Do not remove too soon or they will fall.
Peel and cut fruit appropriately. Cut into bite size pieces and mix in bowl. Spoon fruit mixture into pre-cooked pancake (approximately 1/3-1/2 cup of fruit).
You may top with raspberry sauce, or fruit puree of your choice. Garnish with fresh whipped cream and slivered almonds.- Introduction
-.
The ice cream mix is pasteurized at no less than 79 °C (175 °F) °C (40 °F). and −5 °C (16 and 23 °F). It is placed in a suitable container and conveyed to a blast freezer, where temperatures are in the range of −29 to −34 °C (−20 to −30 °F). °C (0 °F) −23 °C (−10 °F) to −9 °C (3 to 15 °F),.A CONTROVERSIAL bus gate system will be down next week to ease congestion out of Whiteley while roadworks are taking place.
The bollards in Yew Tree Drive will be lowered at 7am on Monday, November 26. They will be raised again at 9.30am on Monday, December 3. Roadworks will be taking place on Whiteley Lane, which will be closed. Residents are advised to sign up to Hampshire County Council’s traffic alerts at romanse.org.uk/Whiteleycctv.
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.If nothing else, a sense of mood is one of the major hallmarks of an indie game. The ability to convey drama through the relatively new medium is what can make a few titles like Papo & Yo and Braid stand out against productions from much bigger companies. As a game, the drama must come with gameplay mechanics that are good enough to draw in gamers who might not necessarily be invested in the tale you're telling. That's the conflict that Monochroma, the new game from Turkish developer Nowhere Studios, faces, and it doesn't necessarily win.
The story is set in the 1950s. You play the role of a kid who's happily playing with your younger brother in a remote village. As you both play with a kite, it flies away, and you both give chase. Unfortunately, your brother climbs on the roof, steps on a weak part, falls and breaks his leg, robbing him of the ability to walk. With no doctor nearby and no way back home, you start carrying your younger brother on your back in search of help.
The approach to the storytelling is novel since it uses no dialogue whatsoever. There are no wall markings or diary entries to let you know what's going on. The few signs are done in very unfamiliar lettering and don't convey what kind of establishment it is. Even the characters don't grunt or speak in gibberish. Everything you need to know is told through music and actions, and for the most part, it works.
The problem with the story isn't in the delivery but with the story itself. Taken as a whole, the plot of how a company has slowly taken over a city and made it seem bleak may be overused, but it still fascinates. However, there are just too many open ends introduced that never get closed, making the story more convoluted than it should be. There's no reason why the towns are so abandoned. There are mysterious vats but no reason for their existence. Big, bald men in striped shirts chase you, but the end game for them isn't clear, especially since they only seem to target your younger brother. By the end of the game, there are even more mysteries that appear but no resolution to any of them by the time the credits roll. Other platformers of this kind ended with questions, but they stuck with one mystery instead of a slew of them.
Like its contemporaries Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons and Limbo, Monochroma is a puzzle platformer. You'll encounter several sections in a world where you need dexterity and wits to open up a path to proceed. Moving platforms of various heights, triggering switches in the right order, and creating your own pathways are par for the course, but the real challenge comes from the fact that your little brother can't be left behind. He refuses to be put down in dark spots, and his extra weight means less mobility for you in terms of jumping. He can be placed under bright light sources, though, but you still can't wander too far away from him — you physically stop.
Lots of the puzzles aren't that hard to solve. Very few wrack your brain, since most simply require common sense. Putting out the fire in a barrel before exposing it to flammable liquid or using a robot to help you reach a high rooftop are all quite logical. Even the ones requiring you to place your brother in strategic spots aren't that obtuse. For the genre, that's pretty refreshing.
There are a plethora of reasons why the puzzles are annoying, though. They seem overly long due to your general lack of speed. Hitting switches seems to be a big chore since it takes some effort to turn it on or off, whether you're standing still or hanging on to it. Picking up your brother takes up a similar amount of time no matter the situation. It makes a little more sense since you're trying to take care of him, but when you see your character gingerly picking up his brother despite the impending danger coming their way, the pace feels glacial.
Perhaps the main reason why the puzzles can be grating is because of the controls and bad physics system. The controls are responsive enough on the gamepad due to a recent patch, but it's pretty sloppy that you have to leap from a ladder to the platform it's connected to or drop from the platform before you can descend the ladder. The keyboard doesn't make things any better, especially since you can't rebind the controls. No matter what you use, the physics cause you to have plenty of deaths. Ropes refuse to swing from your inertia unless you're at the very tip. Boxes you use as flotation devices sometimes forget that they can be buoyant. Sloped surfaces suddenly propel you at amazing speeds even if you only step on the bottom portion of the slope, and your character often decides to take an extra step forward when landing on a ledge, often to his doom. The breakdown in physics leads to a breakdown in overall platforming, and even though the title isn't completely dependent on precision, the failure in basic mechanics for the genre drags down the whole experience significantly.
When you aren't solving puzzles, Monochroma either has you soaking in the scenery or running away from burly men who want to capture you and your sibling. Both are meant to break the tedium of the puzzles, but they do little else to be memorable. For the former, the walking scenes took too long, and the stretches between events or puzzles felt like they dragged on instead of providing a respite between tasks. The demonstration of gradual decay as you get closer to the end is stretched on for longer than it needs to be. For the latter, the chases aren't too exciting. Unless you deliberately slow down or bungle a jump, you never get the sense that you're in danger. Even if you get caught, you simply slump over when touched, and that's anticlimactic.
On the surface, the graphics are artistically striking. The game is displayed with varying shades of gray that stay true to the melancholy tone of the title. However, the tinges of red make the look stand out even more. Even if the effect is overused throughout the game, the highlights of neon signs, corporate logos, and a billowing scarf look great. Less impressive are the animations which make the models look incomplete. The walking and climbing animations look fine until you see your character grab invisible ledges. Your younger brother is sometimes magnetic as he zips toward you when you activate the command to pick him up. Going up straight ropes is good, but seeing the same pose unchanged when the rope sways and his feet flutter around is odd, and the leaps from ladder to ladder look stiff. Even death is rather uneventful since you and your brother simply go stiff when you hit the water or get hit by falling boxes or runaway trains.
Also jarring is the lack of PC options for graphics. You can change the resolution and whether you want to play in a windowed mode or in full screen, but there's no way to eliminate things like screen tearing or the jagged lines. The frame rate still isn't stable on a rather powerful rig, conveying to the player that optimization was the last thing the developers thinking about.
If one were to judge the sound of the game on the music alone, then it would be quite good. The chase music is exciting, and the somber tones do a good job of evoking a sense of loneliness. Like most of the game, though, the soundtrack is ruined by technical glitches; it can sometimes stop playing for no reason or forget to return after the player dies. The sound effects fare much worse since there aren't very many. Some of the sounds, like glass breaking, are fine, but most of what you'll do is met with silence as if the game is trying to emulate a silent film. It makes the game feel unfinished you plunge into the water or are crushed by objects but only get the musical cue for death and nothing else..
Score: 5.5/10
More articles about MonochromaWXII12, Lowes Foods, and Second Harvest Food Bank, team up to bag childhood.Tribal Print Envelope Clutch
Added Jul 19, 2012
by meggie5490
Ocean Grove, Uni...
Views
376
Description
I:
Material Notes
You can use any fabric you want – 1/4 of a yard is more than enough!
Difficulty
Novice
Categories
- For
- Women
- Garment Type
- Accessories
1 Comment Sign in to add a post
Add to Favorites no one added it
Jul 20, 2012, 05.26 AMby Mary Athey
Cute little clutch. you could make a crop jacket shorts or a skirt out of the leftovers. i would do a crop bolero style jacket with jazzy lining xxFired public records coordinator for city of Memphis files suit
The former city of Memphis public records coordinator has filed a federal lawsuit claiming she was wrongfully fired in August in retaliation for voicing concerns about a "culture of concealment" among city officials that hindered her ability to do her job.
Bridgett Handy-Clay was fired by City Atty. Herman Morris hours after she filed an open-records request of her own for payroll, leave and personnel files of every employee in the City Attorney's Office, including Morris.
She said her request involved "nepotism and cronyism" and her concerns were that certain officials were abusing the city's leave policies.
Chief Administrative Officer George Little said at the time that Handy-Clay was fired for failure to adhere to policies and procedures of the legal division.
He said she had ongoing conflicts with her supervisor, but that no retaliation was involved.
Little added that some employees may be related to one another, but that job performance is the criteria for judging their work, not family background.
Handy-Clay, who asks for more than $400,000 in the suit, said her firing came while she was also trying to comply with open records requests from the FBI and The Commercial Appeal and for the city's internal investigation into city contracts with Around Town Tire & Repair.
An investigation by The Commercial Appeal found that Around Town charges exceeded annual budget estimates by hundreds of thousands of dollars during the administration of former mayor Willie Herenton.
"There was an entrenched 'culture' at City Hall to disclose only the bare minimum needed to comply with any given public records request, and conceal as much as possible from the public," the suit said. "Handy-Clay often single-handedly fought for the public's right to know, and thereafter experienced continuing interference, retaliation and disparate treatment."
In her lawsuit filed by attorney and former City Council member Carol Chumney, Handy-Clay said her firing was a violation of the state's whistleblower protection act and deprived her of federally protected civil rights.
-- Lawrence Buser: 529-2385
Need Help? Call us at 1-888-789-0831.
Monday-Friday: 6am-5pm / Saturday: 6:30am-11:30am / Sunday: 6am-1pmAlthough I am cautious on the market overall, I still search for good growth plays to play on any decent pullback. One area I continue to like is the small exploration and production names in the Bakken shale region.
Asset sales and acquisitions continue to be robust as the majors seem keen to pick up acreage here. Infrastructure is getting built out and got a boost by the announcement yesterday that Triangle Petroleum (TPLM) will form a joint venture with Caliber Midstream Partners to build pipelines and natural gas-/oil-gathering systems in the region. As this infrastructure comes on line, margins for the exploration and production companies will improve. These companies also continue to move more production to higher-priced oil and liquids.
Finally, natural gas prices seem to have stabilized in the last six months.
Oasis Petroleum (OAS) and Northern Oil & Gas (NOG) are two fast-growing exploration and production outfits that are solid buys for growth investors at current prices.
Oasis Petroleum is an independent exploration and production company with oil and natural gas resources in the Montana and North Dakota regions of the Williston Basin.
Four reasons Oasis is a solid growth play at just under $30 a share:
- Revenue is exploding. Sales are set to almost double to $650 million in fiscal 2012 from 2011's $330 million. Analysts currently project approximately $950 million in revenue in 2013. The stock has a small five-year projected PEG as well (0.59).
- Oasis is selling at just 13x forward earnings, a steep discount to its historical average (25.4).
- The company has quintupled its operating cash flow over the last two years, and the median analyst price target held by the 18 analysts that cover the stock is $39 a share, more than 30% above its current stock price.
- Operating costs per barrel of oil equivalent have consistently come down over the past few years, and approximately 90% of its current production is oil and liquids.
Northern Oil & Gas is another independent energy company with crude oil and natural gas properties primarily in the Bakken and Three Forks formations within the Williston Basin in North Dakota and Montana.
Four reasons Northern Oil & Gas is a good growth pick up at just over $16 a share:
- The stock is selling for less than 10.5x forward earnings, a huge discount to its five-year average (33.8).
- Similar to Oasis, Northern Oil & Gas's revenue is on track to almost double this fiscal year to just over $300 million. Analysts project another 40% rise in sales, to over $420 million in 2013. The stock sports a minuscule five-year projected PEG (0.49).
- Analysts believe the stock has substantial upside. The 11 analysts that cover the stock have a median price target of $26 a share on Northern Oil & Gas, more than 50% above the current stock price.
- Northern Oil & Gas's production is currently 93% oil, and its reserves have an estimated 38 years of reserve life. Total production was up over 130% year over year at the end of the second quarter. The company has only developed a little over 30% of its net acreage so has years of growth ahead of it.Professional Services
Company Overview of L.E.K. Consulting
Company Overview
40 Grosvenor Place
16th Floor
London, SW1X 7JL
United Kingdom
Founded in 1988
Phone:
44 20 7389 7200
44 20 7389 7440
Key Executives for L.E.K. Consulting
L.E.K. Consulting Key Developments
L.E.K. Consulting Presents at International Business Forum 14th Annual MedTech Investing Conference, May-06-2015. Venue: Loews Minneapolis Hotel, 601, 1st Ave North, Minneapolis, MN 55403, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: May-06-2015, Bob Lavoie, Managing Director & Partner.
L.E.K. Presents at Boston Biotech Conferences LLC's The East Meets West CEO conference, Jan-10-2015 04:30 PM. Venue: Four Seasons Hotel, 757 Market St, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States. Speakers: Jonathan Kfoury.
L.E.K. CONSULTING Presents at AVCJ Forum, Nov-11-2014 02:00 PM. Venue: Four Seasons Hotel, Hong Kong, Hong Kong. Speakers: Ken Chen, Partner.
Similar Private Companies By Industry
Recent Private Companies Transactions
Most Searched Private Companies
Sponsored Financial Commentaries
Sponsored Links
To contact L.New microscope enabled scientists at EMBL Heidelberg to film a fruit fly embryo, in 3D, from when it was about two-and-a-half hours old until it walked away from the microscope as a larva.
"This video shows a fruit fly embryo from when it was about two-and-a-half hours old until it walked away from the microscope as a larva, 20 hours later," says Lars Hufnagel, from the European Molecular Biology Laboratory (EMBL) in Heidelberg, Germany. "It shows all the hallmarks of fruit fly embryonic development in three dimensions."
The video was obtained using a new microscope created by Hufnagel's lab and described online today in Nature Methods. In it, you can watch as cells on the embryo's belly dive in to form what's known as the ventral furrow. Other cells can then be seen moving around the embryo's rear end to its back (inset), in a process called convergent extension. And later, when an opening appears in the embryo's back (inset), see the surrounding cells close the gap in a process known as dorsal closure.
The new microscope, called Multi-View SPIM, or MuVi-SPIM for short, enables scientists to image rapid biological processes in thick samples at unprecedented detail. It builds upon the Selective-Plane Illumination Microscopy (SPIM) technology developed at EMBL a few years ago. Like SPIM, the new microscope shines a thin sheet of light on the embryo, illuminating one layer of a sample like this embryo at a time, to obtain an image of the whole sample with minimal light-induced damage. But MuVi-SPIM takes four full images from different angles, eliminating the need to rotate the sample. This speeds up the imaging and enables scientists to merge the four images into a single high-quality three-dimensional image for the first time.
Hufnagel and colleagues can obtain a high-quality three-dimensional image of a fruit fly embryo in a few seconds, and be ready to repeat the process. This means the different images that make up the video are taken in such rapid succession that very little has changed in the embryo from one frame to the next so scientists can be sure of where each cell or even structures inside cells is and track it throughout the video. Using such fast imaging, Hufnagel and colleagues were able to record the movements of every nucleus in the embryo not only during the later developmental stages shown here, but also throughout the first three hours of the embryo's life, when nuclei divide very rapidly.
"Everything in this microscope is optimised for speed and light-sensitivity," says Uros Krzic from Hufnagel's lab, who designed the microscope. "Not just the optics, mechanics and cameras, but also the software that controls the microscope and processes the data. We can finally get high-quality data in real time."
In the future, the scientists would like to use their new microscope to investigate the how organs and tissues form, not only in the fruit fly but also in other model organisms.
Explore further:
New antibody insecticide targets malaria mosquito
Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read moreClick here to reset your password.
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made.- Reuters
- U.S. President Barack Obama (L) speaks about the BP oil spill during a cabinet meeting at the White House in Washington June 7, 2010. Beside Obama is Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen.. Last year, it was over $10 billion, or 14% of all payouts from companies on the FTSE 100 index in London. Of course, a substantial amount of this cash goes to British shareholders, who most American politicians probably think deserve what they get since their country shares its name with America’s most despised corporation.
But BP also has a substantial U.S. shareholding. Just under 40% of the company was owned by shareholders in the U.S. as of December 31 2009, according to BP data. These investors will also suffer from a punitive withdrawal of BP’s dividend.
Another investor emailed:
“Many retired people, who had absolutely nothing to do with the oil spill, are depending on their dividend as a large part of their income. Will the government take care of us as they cut our dividend, social security and medicare? I don’t think so. Our dear government should look at the entire picture before committing itself to irrational statements.”
*.
By resorting to cut corners about safety procedures just to safe a few $$$ , BP took a risk and gambled with shareholders investments . The result will prove to be a financial disaster .
As has been repeatedly pointed out in the legitimate business press, the damage to BP's share price and market capitalization has far more to do with the daily factually erroneous rhetoric coming from the White House and Capitol Hill, than with the realities of the likely costs incurred from this accident and the strength of BP's balance sheet. BP has said from the outset that they accept financial responsibility, and believe me, they are doing everything humanly possible to stop the leak. We have sunk to a new low in this country when the President can spout off about wanting to kick someone's ass, all for his own political gain at the expense of a multibillion dollar corporation (and its investors) which, despite this tragic accident, works very hard in very dangerous and risky environments to provide a commodity that this country and the world desperately needs and demands to maintain a modern standard of living. Too bad that BP cannot sue O'bama personally for slander or liable-just yesterday he mis-stated that they were going to pay a $10 billion dividend for one quarter (rather than the annual rate) ! He obviously doesn't have his facts straight on this or many other aspects of the international energy industry. To institute a 6 month ban on offshore drilling after a blowout makes about as much sense as declaring a 6 month ban on all air travel following the crash of an airliner that kills 200-300 people! That's acceptable apparently! Certainly the cause of this tragedy needs to be investigated and changes need to be made. However, this is not the first well ever to blowout and certainly won't be the last. Meanwhile the majority of the press covering this are equally eager to condemn the entire enterprise, based on a single catastrophic accident, and are constantly fanning the flames.
As for those who condemn BP's shareholders, many of them would probably be surprised to find how many mutual funds, pension funds, and 401(k)'s are heavily invested in BP-probably in many of these critics own accounts. Many shareholders are also no doubt US retirees from Amoco which was acquired by BP in 1998-ironically Amoco was headquartered in Mr. O'Bama's beloved Chicago!
So, if you hate the oil industry as a matter of principle, go ahead an condemn BP, but what happened to them could have happened to any offshore operator trying to supply this nation's energy appetite. In closing, I say let they who are without transportation, central heat or air conditioning cast the first stone!
Poor BP shareholders. I thought investing was about risk taking. Stocks are risky assets. People who need income should be in bonds. Besides, BP shareholders should have known about BP's criminal history as well as having one of the worst safety records in the industry. Dividend cuts are common. What about all those banks who cut their dividends during the financial crisis?
When will Obama stop hyperventilating and plug his own holes? // CA
The Pioneer Core is Carroll University's general education curriculum, the centerpiece of Carroll's undergraduate experience
View course timetables, A.P. & alternative methods of obtaining credit and more
Prepare for your future with more than 80 areas of study
View our graduate programs, program-specific admission details, requirements and deadlines
The humanities are central to Carroll University's liberal arts-based education
Carroll University is grateful for the grants that support campus program and research needOur Staff
We know that to be the best place to live, we must also be the best place to work. residents. Through comprehensive development, recognition and support programs, we are committed to making Atria the workplace of choice for professionals who demonstrate exceptional skill, creativity, work ethic and compassion.
Since 2009, 46 Atria communities have earned local "Top Workplaces" honors.
Employee Rewards Programs
- Since 2007, more than $58 million has been paid out to hourly front-line staff across the country through Atria Rewards®, a program which recognizes service longevity and high achievements in the areas of customer satisfaction and Quality Enhancement.
- Full-time Atria employees are eligible to receive 100% tuition reimbursement, up to a maximum of $5,250 each calendar year, for up to 12 credit hours per semester at an accredited college or university. So far, we have paid out more than $2.7 million in tuition reimbursement.
Atria Caressm
Atria Cares is a 501(c)(3) public charity that provides emergency financial assistance - not loans - to qualifying Atria employees who are faced with financial hardships due to unforeseen and often tragic events in their personal lives. More than $1.2 million has been disbursed by Atria Cares to more than 1,500 employees.
Atria Cares is primarily funded by employee payroll deductions, individual donations and community fundraising. Atria funds all administrative costs of Atria Cares and makes contributions to Atria Cares in support of its charitable activities, including the Ronnie Boatman Scholarship program. This program awards annually at least one $12,000 scholarship to an eligible dependent of an Atria community employee. To date, more than $270,000 has been awarded to 37 students.
Donations to Atria Cares are tax-deductible, and all contributions go directly to helping Atria employees in need.Kevin Myers
Senior Pastor
(678) 990-8100(678) 990-8100.Dunlap, TN Residential Homes for Sale
- 0 Results
1 - 0 of 0 Results
Home Buying Resources
Ask a Question
Recently asked questions in Tennessee. More Q&A
Q
how do I list my house for sale here 6 answers
Contact a Local Agent
Connect with Buyer Agents in your area to get your questions answered.This is installment number two on how to prepare and plan for your Senior Portrait Session by Lake Charles Family Photographer, Bart Leger Photography. Today’s post is Just For Girls. (Sorry guys…yours will be next) It’s always better if you can come prepared, knowing the look and theme you would like to project, but it’s also important to plan and prepare yourself for your photo session. Here are a few tips:
- –!
Plan, get ready, and call soon for your Senior Portrait Session appointment. 337-302-6624Powers gets Marathon Classic exemption
TOLEDO — Bowling Green’s Caroline Powers, a former Michigan State All-America performer and current member of the Symetra Tour, will play in July’s Marathon Classic with a sponsor’s exemption for the second consecutive year.
Also joining the field for the July 17-20 Marathon Classic at Highland Meadows Golf Club in Sylvania will be Mariah Stackhouse, who recently helped the United States beat Great Britain/Ireland in the Curtis Cup.
The 23-year-old Powers, who is playing in the U.S. Women’s Open, has two top-10 finishes this season on the Symetra Tour. She missed the cut in last year’s Marathon Classic.
Stackhouse, 20, is a junior at Stanford. She has won four collegiate tournaments, including the 2012 Peg Barnard Invitational, where she shot an NCAA-record 61 in the final round. This year, she became the first African-American to play in the Curtis Cup since the event’s inception in 1932.
“We are delighted to have Mariah and Caroline in this year’s Marathon Classic field,” tournament director Judd Silverman said.
“Caroline is working hard to earn full-time status on the LPGA Tour and this experience will benefit her in many ways. Mariah is one of the best women amateurs in the country with impeccable credentials both on and off the course. She has all the ability to be a great LPGA professional someday.”Ref. : Civic Events
Ref. : Arts & Education Events
Ref. : Public Service Notices
Ref. : Letters to the editor
05.21 California drought: What would Israel do?
05.21 'Air pollution causes 8m deaths/yr'
05.20 Wales launches £25m underwater kite-turbine scheme [9:58 video]
05.20 From Kansas to Copenhagen: clean energy beacons around the world
05.20 The doomsday vault: the seeds that could save a post-apocalyptic world
05.20 Faeces, bacteria, toxins: welcome to the chicken farm
05.20 White House makes bid to save honeybees but ignores toxic pesticides [Are Monsanto's potential political donations so important to risk mass death of bee colonies and no crop pollination. And what about our butterflies!]
05.19 Indian Ocean storing up heat from global warming, says study
05.19 Fracking: Texas governor stops cities and towns banning hydraulic gas mining
05.19 Global businesses must lead the way on climate action
05.19 Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
05.18 How Fox News Is (Still) Hurting the Republicans
05.17 The media’s reaction to Seymour Hersh’s bin Laden scoop has been disgraceful [pdf]
Daily FAIR BlogThe Daily Howler
05.21 After the Waco Shootout, Texas Lawmakers Debate Gun Laws
05.21 1,000 weapons found in Waco restaurant – including one in a bag of tortilla chips
05.20 Unlike Congress, Majority of Americans Oppose NSA Spying
05.20 Here's What People Are Saying About The Waco Shootout And Race
05.20 Hillary Clinton breaks media silence and insists: 'I want those emails out'
05.20 LA becomes largest US city to increase minimum wage to $15 an hour
05.19 A Typology of Corruption for Campaign 2016 and Beyond
05.19 Hillary Clinton emails to be released in January 2016, says US State Department
05.19 Democrats clash over TPP fair trade deal [Sen. Warren's “Broken Promises” report]
05.21 Columbia student protesting rape brings mattress to graduation
05.18 CONGRESS TELLS COURT THAT CONGRESS CAN’T BE INVESTIGATED FOR INSIDER TRADING
05.21 Elephant Watch
05.18 Amnesty International: Whitewashing Another Massacre
05.21 Seven Years Later, Wall Street Hasn't Learned Anything
05.21 Obama’s Trade War Against Warren Wounds His Party – and His Legacy
05.20 Derailing Amtrak: Tracking the Latest Disaster in the Infrastructure Crisis
05.19 People have no idea what inequality actually looks like [graphic]
05.18 Don’t Be So Sure the Economy Will Return to Normal
05.18 Black Co-ops Were A Method of Economic Survival
05.18 TPP: The Secret Corporate Takeover
05.21 Jeb Bush Says His Brother Was Misled Into War by Faulty Intelligence. That's Not What Happened.
05.20 Israel scraps scheme to ban Palestinians from buses
05.20 USA Freedom Act: Senate set to vote on first surveillance restrictions in decades
05.19 Most of the world's workers have insecure jobs, ILO report reveals
05.19 A united Europe is closer than you think
05.19 What a Creative Neighborhood Looks Like
05.19 What If Everybody Didn't Have to Work to Get Paid?
05.19 Italian coastguards: military action will not solve Mediterranean migrant crisis
Ever wonder why sailing ships no longer ply the oceans with goods and passengers? It’s a question wind energy advocates might ask themselves. They ignore the fact that the wind doesn’t blow consistently, even though its intermittent nature makes wind an undependable source of power and restricts wind generators from consistently reaching their potential.
The relative effectiveness of a generation facility to produce electricity is called its c"apacity factor," or CF for short. It is the ratio of what a generating plant actually produces compared to what it nominally could produce at full capacity. The annual average CF for wind turbines located offshore is about 40 percent, but that falls to about 25 percent during the summer, when the winds are weakest. For wind turbines located onshore the annual average CF is about 30 percent, and can drop to 13 percent in the summer.
Proponents of wind power argue it is a good choice because, among other things, it reduces greenhouse gasses. They compare industrial wind energy with power plants fueled by oil, coal, and natural gas that generate tons of carbon dioxide. However, they fail to recognize that because of the unpredictable nature of wind, carbon-fueled plants will continue to underpin the load. This is particularly true in the summer, when the winds are at their lowest and the demand for power is highest.
Proponents of wind almost never compare industrial wind to nuclear power, probably because in every aspect of electricity generation nuclear beats wind by a long shot. The following are informative comparisons.
The capacity factor of the 104 nuclear reactors operating in the United States is 90 percent. In other words, nuclear facilities crank out electricity around the clock, 365 days of the year, at pretty near their total capacity. Compare that to the results of a study from a group of wind power advocates at the University of Delaware that modeled data from off shore meteorological stations from Maine to the Florida Keys. Their results show that a large offshore turbine array would attain a 90 percent capacity factor only 2.2 days a year. Their numbers show that 20,000 five megawatt turbines would be needed to equal the full generating capacity of those 104 reactors. Even 1,200 turbines would not supply electricity as dependably as a new reactor like the one proposed at Calvert Cliffs in Maryland.
Neither wind turbines nor nuclear reactors emit carbon dioxide. But because wind turbines are minimally productive more than half the time, fossil fuel power plants will be needed as backups and will contribute to greenhouse gases. Note that no coal-fired facility has been closed due to the installation of wind turbines.
The proponents of wind use the high cost of building nuclear reactors to argue that the electricity they produce will be costly. They’re wrong because they fail to account for the low efficiency of wind; for the need for carbon-fired backup plants to compensate; for the much shorter working lives of wind turbines; and for the enormous subsidies, grants, tax incentives, and tax breaks from federal, state, and local governments. In fact, the expensive wind turbines, especially offshore, would never be built without these subsidies that in some cases pay for 50 percent of the project’s cost.
After coal, nuclear is the least costly generator of electricity for the rate payer. After solar, wind is the most expensive.
In Maryland, Governor Martin O’Malley has introduced legislation that will mandate Maryland’s public utilities to commit to long-term contracts to purchase offshore wind-generated electricity in order to guarantee a market for offshore wind, even though it will increase costs to ratepayers. In Massachusetts millions of ratepayers can expect a two percent hike in their electric bills due to the planned Cape Wind project.
The proposed Calvert Cliffs 3 nuclear reactor would be sited on about 350 acres. The 1,200 offshore wind turbines needed to produce the same amount of energy would require 74,000 acres. Onshore, 2,400 turbines would be needed and would require 8,500 acres. This is a lot of land or water and a big impact on the rich mountain ecosystems and habitats or ocean ecosystems about which we know little.
There are numerous reasons why nuclear energy should be seriously pursued. But the question here is: should inefficient industrial wind be pushed blindly given its potential for greatly increasing our energy bills, requiring up to 50 percent taxpayer investment, and causing enormous environmental damage?
We should rewrite state laws, like Maryland’s Renewable Portfolio Standard or Pennsylvania’s Alternative Energy Portfolio Standard, as Clean Energy Portfolio Standards that include new nuclear reactors. Such a change would greatly expand clean, non-carbon emitting solutions for future electricity demands.
Ajax Eastman has served on the board of the Maryland Environmental Trust, as past President of the Maryland Conservation Council, Co-chairman of the Maryland Wildlands Committee, and on numerous other State boards and commissions. Her love of the natural world began early at a summer camp in Maine where today she teaches nature to young campers. Distributed by Bay Journal News.- 2
- people in the U.S. have this name View Lyla Yastion on Whitepages
Meaning & Origins
The meaning of this name is unavailable
The meaning of this name is unavailable
Nicknames & variations
Lylah, Lyle, Lylae, Lylao, Lylaya, Lyall, Lylia, Lyell, Lyal, Lyly
Yaste, Yosten, Yustin, Yustein, Yusten, Yeston, Yostin, Yoston, Yustana, YastrzemskiToday's entry has been bumped up on the schedule from an arbitrarily special round number because my brother got the seed of a mini-rant. As he put it, there are people out there with a "one-word epistemology". That one word is today's entry. There are a lot of definitions people use out there, and no shortage of woos who will equivocate between them to put their favorite woo on rhetorical par with science.
All too often, woos beliefs are maintained because they make the believer comfortable. That, in fact, is often the first attempt to justify the belief, especially in religious cases. Unfortunately, the universe doesn't seem particularly interested in being comfortable for squishy organics. Otherwise, there'd be no unpleasant truths.
Other woos do give some attempts at justification, often involving anecdotes. That may work reliably enough for low-stakes everyday things, but nothing to bet your life on, which is what a lot of quacks are asking you to do. Psychics often ask people to do it with the memories of their loved ones, or just large amounts of money. Science works with much higher standards for such matters: Anecdotes don't have many controls for removing bias and minimizing chance. That's what experimental controls and blinding are for. Throw in independent replications, where unrelated people try the same experiment to double-check, and that's why scientific "belief" is much more justified than anything woos commonly claim. You justify belief with the high standards of science. That's when it becomes reasonable to call it knowledge. If you're not interested in doing that, you might as well just call your belief for what it is: Wishful thinking, or if it's bad, paranoia.
1 comment:
All too often, woos beliefs are maintained because they make the believer comfortable.
I think you have hit upon a compelling question concerning belief. "Why do you maintain this belief?" is a question that should be asked.
I can say that I maintain my epistomoligical beliefs in reference to science because I feel I am benefited by my mental model coinciding with reality as much as possible.How Important Is It To Update Java?
Java has certainly received its share of fanfare over the past few months. When we speak of Java, we are not talking about your morning cup of coffee. Java is a common protocol on almost every Windows computer and is an essential element for many websites and games. A security flaw in the software could allow a hacker to infect your system and under the right circumstances, gain control of a machine. The key phrase here is “under the right circumstances”. Like most security holes, and they are a dime a dozen, all the ingredients must come together to get all the bad effects.
Oracle, the company that produces Java, was at first slow in getting the required updates out there to fix the flaw but as of late, the updates have been rolling in and if you use the default security settings, you will have good protection from an unwanted bug. Although Java has been given a primary focus as of late, security flaws also exist in Adobe Reader, Flash and other software as well.
I believe that many times when we get infected it is due to our own actions when we go to risky or unknown sites, especially those related to shopping or games. Often times this will happen when we are looking for software to protect our very own machines! Many antivirus sites are actually fake but can look a lot like the real thing. Care must be taken when searching for antivirus software to be sure you are on an official site.
The new Java update includes a feature that allows us to run or not run an application. When you are on a known good site, if you put a tic next to the box that says “not to ask about this page again”, your computer will remember the option and not bug you every time you open that page. If you are on a free game site or an unknown shopping site, it is probably best to click the NO button to not allow Java to run.
By careful surfing and maintaining a good antivirus program, I have been able to remain virus free for the last 8 years. That is with using Java and all the other plug-ins including Flash on my systems. You can do the same as well! Just be sure to maintain an up to date antivirus tool, update all your plug-ins including Java and Flash and have a once a year clean up performed by an experienced tech to be sure all is go.
It is important to remember that most virus infections require some interaction on your part to get into your machine. If, while browsing, you get an unusual request for a download or to start a program, check to be sure it is something you are actually requesting before clicking yes to the application. Once you allow it, the virus will take its toll on your system and you will most likely need to consult with a professional to be sure it is properly removed.
In short, go ahead and have that cup of Java in the morning while you play your favorite games or view your favorite websites using the plug-in by the same name. Just be sure not to venture too far off the beaten path while doing so. Getting a hot cup of Java in a remote location is not always easy.
Author: Joe Zelenak, Staff Writer/Technician for Ring a Geek.
Recent Comments Live @ Natasha's
WUKY Live @ Natasha's
WUKY and Natasha's have teamed up for a series of concerts, with many recorded for later broadcast. Past artists include Over the Rhine, David Wilcox, Punch Brothers, and Michelle Shocked. Join us for some great upcoming shows Live @ Natasha's!
Check our calendar for upcoming concerts, and our schedule for airings.Americans.
April 2014
1 / 1
1 / 1
TRENDING
AdvertisementPotter, Harvey
Harvey Lee Potter, 69, of Fayette, Ohio, died Jan. 30, 2009, at St. Vincent Mercy Medical Center in Toledo, Ohio, surrounded by the people he lived his life for.
Harvey was born Oct. 14, 1939, in Toledo to Kenneth and Bertha (Grandy) Potter in 1939. He married DeeAnn Daso in 1967 and she survives.
A 1958 graduate of Fayette High School, Harvey was a member of the Sons of the American Legion in Morenci, Mich., the Wauseon Lodge #349, Scottish Rite Valley of Toledo and the Fulton Chapter #67 OES. He also served on the Board of Public Affairs in Fayette.
During his lifetime he worked as a commercial fisherman in Alaska, at Johns Manville in Defiance, Ohio, for GTE in Bryan, Ohio, and for Tom’s Installation Company in Celina, Ohio.
Harvey was passionate about his grandchildren and always had a joke for everyone with whom he came into contact. With great zeal, he enjoyed his hobbies of gardening, fishing, finding mushrooms in his secret locations and puttering on his tractors. All of his grandchildren and the neighborhood children loved to go for tractor rides with him.
An open door greeted all visitors to the Potter home as Harvey loved company and guests were always welcome for a family meal or a game of cards. A champion of underdogs, he encouraged people to follow their dreams and be true to themselves. He was quick to point out that family came first. He will be greatly missed by all who knew and loved him.
In addition to his wife, Harvey is survived by three daughters, Doris (and Tim) Lumm of Angola, Ind.; Connie Ferguson of Waldron, Mich., and Deeadra (and Tim) Higgins of Maumee, Ohio; two grandsons, Jesse (and Liway) Lumm, who is serving in Iraq; Drew Ferguson of Waldron; two granddaughters, Heather (and Tim) Bertoia of Angola and Chelsea Higgins of Maumee; three great-grandchildren and three step-great-grandchildren.
Harvey was fortunate enough to be loved by many other family members, neighbors and special friends including Harold Brown, Pam Brown and the Koppenhofer Family.
He was preceded in death by his parents and his brothers, Ken and Donald.
Funeral services are scheduled at 11 a.m. Tuesday, Feb. 3, with internment to follow at the Pleasant View Union Cemetery in Fayette. Masonic services will take place at 7 p.m. Monday at Eagle Funeral Home, Fayette. Visitation is planned from 3 to 8 p.m. Monday at the funeral home.
In lieu of flowers, the family suggests memorial contributions to the Fayette Rescue Squad or to the Masonic Lodge of Fayette.Don't mind the negative outlook on e-commerce from eBay CFO Bob Swan. He has a cold.
After Swan told analysts during an earnings call Wednesday that the U.S. e-commerce market had "softened considerably" and that eBay was cautious about the upcoming holiday season, CEO John Donahoe went into damage control mode, blaming the negative outlook on sickness, AllThingsD reported.
"The truth is Bob and I both have colds," Donahoe told the website. "I think it came across as more negative than intended."
EBay had a mixed third quarter, but saw its stock price slip 5 percent after the market closed Wednesday following Swan's statement to analysts that e-commerce was "dramatically decelerating," AllThingsD said.
Later that evening, Donahoe tried to backtrack a bit, but still explained why eBay was cautious about the holiday season.
"I don't think we're seeing anything different than others are seeing; we just report first," he told AllThingsD.
EBay's stock made up ground Friday, gaining nearly 2% to push back over $52.Agent::Message - the Transportable Agent Perl module
use Agent; my $msg = new Agent::Message( Body => [ 'foo bar', 'baz' ], Transport => TCP, Address => '127.0.0.1:24368' ); $msg->send;
This module is meant to standardize agent communications over a number of different transport mediums (see Agent::Transport).
new makes a nice new
Message object with all the arguments you pass it. It understands the following parameters:
Body => $body, [ Transport => $medium, Address => $destination, SendNow => $true_false ]
This instantiates the class with only one destination (multiple destinations are possible - see below). If SendNow is true, the message is dispatched ASAP.
Sets/gets the body of the message.
Adds the destination address to the list of destinations within said medium; adds the medium if need be.
Removes the destination address from the list of destinations within said medium. If last destination in medium, removes medium also.
Removes the specified transport medium and all of its destinations.
Sends the message body in all transport mediums. Passes
\%args to all transport mediums when sending. Returns an array of results returned by each transport medium the message was sent in.
$msg->del_dest and $msg->del_transport don't work; I'm too lazy.
Agent,
Agent::Transport, the example agents.
Steve Purkis <spurkis@engsoc.carleton.ca>
Copyright (c) 1998 Steve Purkis. All rights reserved. This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.
Whoever invented mail.Pleating/Ruching/Gathering Neckline in Tshirt
Views
10,000
Step 3.Can Avid Media Composer 6.5/7 support 3D AVCHD MTS?
What's your editing program for handling and editing 3D AVCHD MTS? I use Mac and prefer the new Avid Media Composer 7, but importing 3D MTS to Premiere Pro is not so easy as I thought. In fact, there are many users who shoot with Sony TD10, DEV-5, Sony DSC-WX30, JVC GY-HMZ1U, Panasonic AG-3DA1 or other 3D camcorders are facing the frustrating issue. Thus, the big concern is the 3D AVCHD and Avid Media Composer compatibility.
According to our experience and other user's feedback, the recent version Avid Media Composer 6.5 or Avid MC 7still cannot support 3D AVCHD well. Even if the MC can recognize your 3D footage, it can’t show the whole images correctly in the timeline (As you know, the 3D camcorder happens to have two lenses next to each other and the two images are recorded to the single storage media.). To solve the problem, the best way is to convert 3D MTS files to DNxHD mov, ensuring maximum editing quality and efficiency when working with Avid MC. For this purpose, this article will outline how to convert 3D MTS files to edit in Avid 6.5/7.
First of all, free download the app Brorsoft MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac
It can help you effortlessly 3D MTS to DNxHD MOV with original HD quality kept. After conversion, you will save both time and trouble and all you need is to drag and drop the result video for prompt editing. Plus, this 3D AVCHD Converter provides you the editing features, so you can also choose to trim, crop, add watermark to your original videos. If you have the 3D MTS playing and editing issues on Window PC, please turn to Brorsoft 3D MTS Converter to solve all the problems. Below is the step-by-step guide for you.
How to Convert 3D .MTS to DNxHD MOV for Avid MC
Step 1. Launch and run the Mac 3D AVCHD Converter; click the "Add" button on the top of the main interface to load source videos to the software.
Step 2. Click the format bar or the pull down menu of “Format” to select output format. To edit your videos in Avid Media Composer, then just choose Avid Media Composer > Avid DNxHD(*.mov) as an output format.
Step 3. Click “Edit” icon to start video editing with your 3D files. The supporting editing function of this 3D MTS files handling tool includes the cropping frame size, trimming the length, adding watermark, and so on.
Step 4. Hit the convert button to start transcoding 3D AVCHD .mts/m2ts files to DNxHD .mov for Avid Media composer 6.5/7 on Mac OS X.
After the conversion process bar at 100%, you can click the "Open" icon to locate the output DNxHD files. Now importing converted 3D MTS files to Avid Media composer 6.5/7 for editing becomes simple and smooth.
Additional Tips:
If you want to edit (3D)AVCHD MTS files in Final Cut Pro, please choose the "Final Cut Pro > Apple ProRes 422 (*.mov)" as output in the second step; for iMovie and FCE, select "iMovie and Final Cut Express -> Apple InterMediate Codec (AIC) (*.mov)"; For Prermiere Pro or Vegas Pro, choose Adobe Premiere/Sony Vegas> MPEG-2(*.mpg) as output.
More tricks:
How to Convert and Edit 3D MTS files
CanFinal Cut Pro Process 3D .mts footage
Editing AVCHD (.mts/.m2ts) footage in Premiere Pro
Import Sony NEX-FS700 AVCHD clips to Final Cut Pro 7 on Mac
How to import single .mts/.m2ts files to Final Cut Pro
Panasonic1080 60p AVCHD and FCP workflow
Importing Canon C100 files into Sony Vegas Pro
Convert a Gopro video to Youtube common video format
Tutorials: Convert GoPro MP4 files for After Effects CS4/CS5/CS6
The Best Way to Get MP4's into Premiere Pro
MTS and Windows Movie Maker basic workflow
What if MPEG-2 won't work in Final Cut Pro X
Convert 3D MTS to for editing in Avid MC/Adobe PremiereNEWS: LPI Europe's MF 45 CPV module project has been selected in the 3rd call of Fondo de Emprendedores organized by Fundación Repsol. click here.
LPI's RXI™ free-form optics, used on the Acura RXL provide superior efficiency and beam control in a very compact package. The design software is an implementation of the LPI-patented 3D SMS Method. LPI has designed several automotive applications .
LPI specializes in low-profile collimators. The new V-Groove RXI works well with MR16 and portable lighting, can be designed for small beam angles, and helps blend colors of RGB LEDs and eliminating the fringe color rings of conformal phosphor coated white LEDs.
Utilizing a combination of LPI's patented Fresnel-Köhler CPV architecture with spectrum-splitting enhacements and standard Si solar cells, the ultra-flat CPV concept should acheive 45% efficiency. A MF45 proof of concept module will be developed partially financed by Fundación Repsol. Click Here to read the full new release. Click Here to visit Fundación Repsol webpage.
LPI specializes in remote phosphor lighting application. This A19 lamp provides superior illumination uniformity. The unique, patented approach offers improved thermal performance and efficiency. The phosphor is contained in a silicone sphere permitting higher temperature applications, such as use inside a glass globe. Click Here for our simple Light Bulb Facts document.
In partnership with Evonik, the Ventana™ Optical Train is now available to the CPV industry without the high tooling cost and long lead times that developing these optics represents. This optic set is available off-the-shelf and has delivered above 32% module efficiencies for integrators.
The Shell Mixer is placed over an RGB or RGBW source and produces perfect color mixing without compromising collimation. The étendue increase is negligible and the lens diameter is only three times that of the source. Optical efficiency is >90%.
This custom optical design satisfies Kichler's demands for high efficiency, with a unique thermal solution. Most of the LED light exits directly from the lamp without the added losses passing through a lens or off a reflector. The LEDs are placed direcly adjacent to the outside of the housing for cooler operation.
Optical systems for ultra short-throw projection. These devices can be used as an accessory to conventional projectors (home cinema). Other applications include multimedia equipment for virtual reality systems with rear, frontal or surround projection.Immel Law Library
Madrid Library
Medical Center Library
Pius XII Memorial Library
SLU Libraries
Research Guides
Medical Center Library
Molecular Biology/Medicine Research Tools on the Web
Enter Search Words
Search
Molecular Biology/Medicine Research Tools on the Web: Home
Links to resources and tools used in molecular biology/medicine research
Images/Animation
Journals
Articles
EndNote
Books On-line
Apps & Mobile Sites
Protocols - Lab Tools - Reagents
Springer Protocols
A
ATCC
Website for ATCC which is a source of cell lines, bacterial strains and other microbiological reagents. You may access separate pages for microbiology, cell biology, developmental biology and stem cells, and genomics-bioinformatics
Protocols Online
Collection of protocols, online analysis tools and discussion forums in various categories that are freely available
Find Molecular Biology Databases
NCBI (National Center for Biotechnology Information)
"The National Center for Biotechnology Information advances science and health by providing access to biomedical and genomic information."
U of Pittsburgh Molecular Biology Database Search
A comprehensive search tool that permits searching for databases, genes/proteins, protocols and videos on molecular biology topics.
2013 Nucleic Acids Research Database Issue
Annual
Free tutorials on the use of various bioinformatics tools that are found on the Web.
Also provides a search portal to find the most relevant genomics resource and training on those resources.
Bioinformatics Organization
Viral Bioinformatics Resource Center
Single site for access to databases, tools and a blog on viral bioinformatics research
Genomic / Gene Analysis Tools
Genome (via NCBI)
This resource organizes information on genomes including sequences, maps, chromosomes, assemblies, and annotations.
more
UCSC Genome Bioinformatics Site
Genome browsing tools developed at UCSC (U of Cal at Santa Cruz) that are freely available to academic researchers.
Fly Base
A
Top 25 hot articles biochemistry, genetics and molecular biology. Also can search other topics of interest that are available via a drop-down list.
The Open Helix Blog
"Here on the OpenHelix blog you will find a genomics resources news portal with daily postings about genomics resources, genomics news and research, science and more."
more
Medical News Today --Biology/Biochemistry
"Medical News Today brings you hourly health news from well-regarded sources such as JAMA, BMJ, Lancet, BMA, plus articles written by our own team. Our archive contains over 150,000 news articles."
Journal Watch
From the publishers of the New England Journal of Medicine to help physicians and allied heath professionals save time and stay informed by providing brief, clearly written, clinically focused perspectives on the medical developments that affect practice.
Some content requires a subscription for access.
Library Liaison
Gregg Clark
Medical Center Library
Reference Department
314-977-8814
Subjects:
Health & Medicine
,
Medical Core Books Online
NHGRI News Alerts
Images/Animation >>
Last Updated:
May 21, 2015 4:35 PM
URL:
Print Page
Login to LibApps
Report a problem.
databases
,
genomics
,
laboratory
,
medicine
,
molecular_biology
,
researchMy situation is I have arrived at a company that has a ASPX website that needed increased functionality. I am a PHP developer and have near zero experience with ASP. I was able to construct a web page with ASPX however, the from I wrote has data that needs to be send to a php script via POST. I supplied the target URL and all. I have read from google you have to remove the "ruund=server" tag. I have done this but when I push submit, my data doesn't get sent. I even rewrote the page so its just pure HTML. However, if I link to this HTML page, from a ASPX page, when I click submit, nothing happens. If I click it again, it will submit. How can I get this simple HTML site to send data via POST after linking to it from an ASPX page.
Here is the website:
Notice, if you click the "Newsletter" Link in the top right and click submit, nothing will happen. However, if you navigate to the page directly, it will work as expected.
Any ideas, any and all help is appreciated.A VerySpatial Podcast
Shownotes – Episode 335
December 18, 2011
Our conversation on GNSS
Click for the detailed shownotes
Music
News
Book Corner
Main Topic
This week we feature our conversation on Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSS), including a brief review of GNSS options, the importance of these systems, and some of our thoughts on challenges for the future.
Tip of the Week
Events Corner
This week, A VerySpatial Podcast is sponsored by Esri
Urban Policy and the Census, from Esri Press, helps you understand and use census data for population research, planning, and decision-making. The book offers a methodology to conduct spatial analysis on demographic, economic, housing, and transportation data. For more information, visit esri.com/esripress.Mos Def (Yasiin Bey) and A$AP Rocky Perform Together in London
By Jeremy Gordon on April 6, 2015 at 1:45 p.m. EDT
Photo by Colin Kerrigan
Over the weekend, BBC Radio 1's Benji B began a residency at London's XOYO club. A$AP Rocky was one of the performers, and he brought out a surprise guest: Mos Def (Yasiin Bey). The two performed a short bit of Mos Def's "Ms. Fat Booty" together before going back-and-forth on "Universal Magnetic". You can watch video of the team-up below, via Miss Info..
Watch:
Last night was a busy one for late night television performances. In addition to Portishead's performance on "Fallon", Talib Kweli and Yasiin Bey (formerly known as Mos Def) performed as Black Star on "The Colbert Report".
Raekwon, Ghostface, Mos Def and Talib Kweli, Mobb Deep to Perform Classic Albums on Tour
By Tom Breihan on July 20, 2011 at 12:15 p.m. EDT.
Mos Def West's G.O.O.D. Music imprint. (Via Consequence of Sound.) West and Mos have collaborated several times, most recently on the G.O.O.D. Friday track "Lord Lord Lord". Mos has taken on something of a spiritual adviser role for Kanye as of late-- in a recent Tweet about his "Power" remix verse Kanye wrote, "Mos helped me find the 'old me' lyrically.".
Listen: Mos Def Gets in on Gil Scott-Heron's "New York Is Killing Me"
By Larry Fitzmaurice on May 24, 2010 at 4:00 p.m. EDT
Gil Scott-Heron: New York Is Killing Me [ft. Mos Def]
Last month, we hit you with Nas' gritty, end-times take on Gil Scott-Heron's BNM'd "New York Is Killing Me", from the legendary poet's also-BNM'd album I'm New Here. Now, Mos Def has jumped on the trackAvanir Pharmaceuticals Announces Positive Outcome of Phase IIIb COMPASS Trial: A Head-to-Head Study Comparing AVP-825 to Oral Sumatriptan for the Acute Treatment of Migraine --Migraine Sufferers Achieved Greater Rates of Pain Relief and Pain Freedom Within 30 Minutes with AVP-825 Treatment Compared with Oral Sumatriptan Treatment--
AV. potential effectiveness and/or safety of AVP-825, the timing for an FDA approval and the prospects for commercial success and adoption, if approved by the FDA.San Diego craft brewers featured in new documentary series
Ian Anderson 5 p.m., May 21
Street Side Thai Kitchen (3025 University Ave., North Park, 619-228-9208) is a tiny place, mainly for take-out, but it's open seven days for lunch and dinner (on weekends until 11 pm, yay!) Their lunch specials ($6 - $10) are most popular with local office workers, but their dinner dishes are more intriguing -- especially appetizers. If you've ever been lucky enough to eat at one of the back-street barbecues of Bangkok (some of the famously best food in Thailand), if you tried sausages, they were likely sausages from the northeast (an area spelled Isaan, E-san, E-saan, etc.). Street Side offers these sausages as an appetizer. They have other non-routine apps too, plus the standard array of Thai soups and entrees, with a choice of Jasmine rice, brown rice, or northern-style sticky rice. Something tells me they're on to something good.
Or login with:
OpenIDFIAT Repair in Duluth
Our master mechanics identify the best FIAT repair shops in Duluth. Edit search×
×
There are 8 FIAT service shops and mechanics in Dul Duluth.
519 South 59th Avenue West, Duluth
110 E 4th Street, Duluth
Specialties:
Scheduled Maintenance, Service & Repair
4270 Haines Rd, Duluth
6920 Grand Ave, Duluth
3414 Riley Rd, Duluth
2801 W 3rd St, Duluth
Specialties:
Scheduled Maintenance, Service & Repair
1100 Garfield Ave, Duluth
5930 East Superior Street, Duluth
RepairPal Certified shops pass a rigorous 42-point annual inspection by our master mechanics for quality work and fair prices.
- Never overpay or RepairPal will refund you the difference.
- Guaranteed quality work backed by a minimum 12-month / 12,000-mile warranty.An in silico approach combined with in vivo experiments enables the identification of a new protein whose overexpression can compensate for specific respiratory defects in Saccharomyces cerevisiae
1 CNRS, Centre de Génétique Moléculaire, UPR3404, FRC3115, 91198 Gif-sur-Yvette, France
2 UVSQ, 55 avenue de Paris, 78035 Versailles, France
3 Université Pierre et Marie Curie- Paris 6, 75005 Paris, France
BMC Systems Biology 2011, 5:173 doi:10.1186/1752-0509-5-173Published:.This product has additional required/recommended options. To configure, add to your cart.
Pedestal Required
P Trap Recommended: 1
- Drain Outlet Connection: 1-3/4"
Variations:
- K-2176-1: This model
- K-2176-4: 4" faucet center version of this model
Additional Kohler Links K-2176-1-95*
Ice Grey
- Kohler K-2176-1-55*
Innocent Blush
- Kohler K-2176-1-33*
Mexican Sand
- Kohler K-2176-1-52*
Navy
- Kohler K-2176-1-71*
Seafoam Green
- Kohler K-2176-1-6*
Skylight
- K-2176-1-45*
Wild Rose
*Discontinued model or finish
More Than Just a Store - Your Reasons to Shop
Discover the best online deals for the K-2176. (31 Oct 2011):
Good shot!
daniele castellucchio gave props (1 Nov 2011):
BRAVO!!!
Joy B gave props (1 Nov 2011):
Fabulous!
Deborah Downes gave props (2 Nov 2011):
Love the title almost as much as the image. Incredible lighting.
Dunja Kolar gave props (2 Nov 2011):
great photo!!like it
Elyseo gave props (2 Nov 2011):
i agree with deborah!!very very beautiful light!!
Paperini Renato gave props (2 Nov 2011):
Beautiful and spectacular, beautiful light and color
Patty Gross (Deleted) gave props (2 Nov 2011):
Excellent composition. The lighting is stunning.....fantastic photo!!!
Donna Mullins gave props (2 Nov 2011):
tones and lighting are neat! very nice photo!
misha otaared gave props (2 Nov 2011):
wow, what a beautiful shot -- lovely work
John Linton gave props (2 Nov 2011):
Gorgeous light.
Zapata Juan P gave props (2 Nov 2011):
Wonderful capture
Joy B gave props (3 Nov 2011):
Every time I see this, it just stops me! I would put this on my wall. Love it!
Carlo Pagan gave props (4 Nov 2011):
Gorgerous!!!!
Leslie Hunziker gave props (8 Nov 2011):
perfect shot!
Meriton Maloku said (10 Nov 2011):
huh
Richard Knight gave props (11 Nov 2011):
Awesome shot, clever title!
Aharon Golani said (11 Nov 2011):
G R E A T frame ! Watch the lens.
Suzanne Naughton gave props (11 Nov 2011):
Amazing shot. It makes me want to be there & experience it for myself.
rd syarani gave props (11 Nov 2011):
keren ! I mean awesome :)
Andrea Jeckering gave props (16 Nov 2011):
Beautiful!
Thomas Amm gave props (16 Nov 2011):
Gorgerous light!
lowison gave props (29 Nov 2011):
Che bella!,
Susan B. Griffith said (21 Dec 2011):
Wonderful scene.
Ioana Caravan gave props (5 Feb 2012):
Amazing! I agree with all the lighting is fantastic!
Tercio Eulalio said (13.GatherMate2
- 130 Likes
- World of Warcraft
- 39,051 Monthly Downloads
- Supports: 6.1.0
- 9,325,201 Total Downloads
- Updated 02/24/2015
- Created 09/06/2010
- 4,974 Favorites
- Project Site
- Release Type: Release
- Newest File: 1.33
You can use Sexymap as addon, this has a hud.
@ Developers: Three lines for german localization have to be changed:
Line 237: NL["Dark Soil"] = "Dunkle Erde"
and commented out lines correct wording is:
Line 308: NL["Kyparite Deposit"] = "Kyparitvorkommen"
Line 347: NL["Onyx Egg"] = "Onyxei".
If this has been requested already, apologies, 37 pages is a lot to trawl. How about adding wild pet data to the mix? :D.lynbrit's good too.
clynbrit's good too.
clynbrit's good too.
School's fine. Just don't let it get in the way of thinking. -Me
Study nature, not books. -Walton Forest Dutton, MD, in his 1916 book whose subject is origin (therefore what all healing methods involve and count on), simple and powerful.Aqib Talib
- #21 CB
- 6' 1", 205 lbs
- Denver Broncos
- BornFeb 13, 1986 in Cleveland, OH (Age: 29)
- Drafted 2008: 1st Rnd, 20th by TB
- Experience8th season
- CollegeKansas
2014 Season
Go to
FANTASY FOOTBALL
AQIB TALIB NEWS FEED
Broncos rookies face a tough climb, but few could make it to 53-man roster
Cornerback Lorenzo Doss and nose tackle Darius Kilgo are the later-round picks with the best chance of sticking because of their unique fits.about 14 days ago | Jeff Legwold | ESPN.com
Broncos will introduce draft picks to heavy expectations
Team in win-now mode with quarterback Peyton Manning nearing the end of his career.about 15 days ago | Jeff Legwold | ESPN.com
Closing Patriots' book on Alfonzo Dennard
Cornerback Alfonzo Dennard played some good football for the Patriots his first two seasons, but what led to his release on Tuesday?about 16 days ago | Mike Reiss |
Total breakdown: Patriots draft DE Geneo Grissom in third round
The New England Patriots select Geneo Grissom, a versatile defensive end, in the third round of the NFL draft.about 20 days ago | Mike Reiss |
Best and worst Lions draft picks under Martin Mayhew: Defense
After six drafts, a breakdown of the defensive picks by Mayhew as Lions general manager.about 23 days ago | Michael Rothstein | ESPN.com
Buccaneers low on home-grown talent
Tampa Bay has only 17 players that were drafted by the Bucs on the current roster. So it's pretty obvious they need to lean on this draft for players.about 24 days ago | Pat Yasinskas | ESPN.com
Broncos draft preview: Defensive backs
The countdown to this year's NFL draft is in the final days, with the Denver Broncos poised to use 10 picks to create the team's 2015 draft class.about 24 days ago | Jeff Legwold | ESPN.com
Game-by-game predictions: New England Patriots
A slow start followed by a strong final two months of the regular season could be in store for the Patriots in 2015.about 30 days ago | Mike Reiss |
For Chris Harris Jr., the dollars still make sense
Chris Harris Jr. intends to keep telling folks he is more than happy with the decision he made -- to forgo testing free agency and stay with Denver.about 31 days ago | Jeff Legwold | ESPN.com
Investigation involving Aqib Talib over?
ESPN legal analyst Lester Munson discusses the Dallas Police Department's decision to suspend its investigation into an incident involving Broncos cornerback Aqib Talib.about 34 days ago
- more
QUICK FACTS
- 2014 League Ranks:
• 8th in NFL in INT (4)Bad refrigerator gasket on older frigidaire Thomas B. • Chagrin Falls, OH • August 04, 2014 Appliance: Frigidaire FRG(V0) / Top Mount Refrigerator MRT18BSCW1 My Repair & Advice Purchased gasket and installed it. I mostly followed the directions on the video linked on the site. (There were no printed directions with the shipment.) Unfortunately, those directions apparently presumed that all such gaskets would be installed the same way. On my fridge, I found that I had to loosen the screws holding the inner panel to the outer door in order to insert the gasket, then tighten down the screws. (I did not remove the inner panel, but loosened and tightened a few screws at a time.) The gasket for my fridge had a curl on the edge that was to be inserted under the panel. The curl acted like a bead and I was afraid to use a flat blade to force the "bead" under the panel lest I cut the gasket. (An expert might have been able to do it with a perfect tool, but I am not an expert and had no such tool. Even the back edge of a butter knife is capable of cutting into the gasket material.) I was successful in my installation and the fridge is no longer running constantly or icing up from having an exposure to the outside along the gasket line. Was this review helpful to you?_3<<
Drought-induced tree mortality accelerating in forests
Researchers at Los Alamos National Laboratory have found that drought and heat-induced tree mortality is accelerating in many forest biomes as a consequence of a warming climate in their paper "Darcy's law ...
Historical land use important factor for carbon cycling in northern lakes
The historical past is important when we seek to understand environmental conditions as they are today and predict how these might change in the future. This is according to researchers from Umeå University, ...
Dam removal study reveals river resiliency
More than 1000 dams have been removed across the United States because of safety concerns, sediment buildup, inefficiency or having otherwise outlived usefulness. A paper published today in Science finds ...
Can photosynthesis be measured over large areas? Scientists find a way
A research team led by geoscientists from Brown University and the Marine Biological Laboratory has provided some crucial ground-truth for a method of measuring plant photosynthesis on a global scale from ...
Partially logged rainforests could be emitting more carbon than previously thought
Global carbon emissions from forests could have been underestimated because calculations have not fully accounted for the dead wood from logging.
Logging means ants, worms and other invertebrates lose rainforest dominance
Engineers now understand how complex carbon nanostructures form
Carbon nanotubes (CNTs) are microscopic tubular structures that engineers "grow" through a process conducted in a high-temperature furnace. The forces that create the CNT structures known as "forests" often ...
Drought damage leads to widespread forest death
The 2000-2003 drought in the American southwest triggered a widespread die-off of forests around the region. A Carnegie-led team of scientists developed a new modeling tool to explain how and where trembling ...
Shrinking habitats have adverse effects on world ecosystems
Competition between trees the main driver of forest change
Contrary to conventional wisdom, new research reveals that it is competition, not climate change, that has a greater impact on the changing composition of forests in Western Canada.
New information helps predict future climate change impacts on global tropics
Researchers at the University of Montana, Princeton University, Stanford University and Rutgers University, among others, are collecting new measurements of tropical forests to gain a better understanding ...
Advances in medical imaging applied to airborne remote sensing of vegetation
Recent advances in medical imaging are being applied to airborne remote sensing of vegetation, enabling conservation scientists to see the wood and the trees.
Posts Tagged ‘Zombies’
COD: Black Ops Zombies – Glitch gives invincibility
Since Call of Duty: Black Ops was finally released last week we’ve been hearing and posting a lot of news about the smash-hit game. Just recently we’ve... Full Story
COD: Black Ops – Zork and zombies unlocks
We seem to have been bringing you constant news on Call of Duty: Black Ops both before and after its release. We already posted about some problems- About
- Campaigns
- Media
- Donate
Spread the word about MoC's supporting an end to the blockade of Gaza!
Submitted by Megan Iorio on 26 September 2014 - 5:50pm
On September 8, Rep. Danny Davis from Chicago became the third Member of Congress to issue a public statement calling for an end to the blockade of Gaza, joining Reps. Keith Ellison and Barbara Lee..
The Israelis and Palestinians are scheduled to begin their next round of talks in late October. With Hamas and the Palestinian Authority’s announcement of a unity agreement and the transfer of control of Gaza to the Palestinian Authority, the ground is set for an agreement to end the blockade. All that’s left is to build political will.
Help us build off the momentum of the Ellison, Lee, and Davis statements by sharing these graphics on Facebook and Twitter. You can share them elsewhere by right clicking and saving them to your computer.
Just Foreign Policy Calls for Robust Public Debate on Provisions of Any Iraq, Syria AUMF
Submitted by Robert Naiman on 26 September 2014 - 4:37pm.”
Just Foreign Policy Condemns Bombing of Syria Without Congressional Authorization
Submitted by Robert Naiman on 23 September 2014 - 2:47am
For Immediate Release: September 24, 2014
Call your Rep TODAY: Vote "NO" on military aid to Syrian rebels
Submitted by Megan Iorio on 16 September 2014 - 9:03am
Submitted by Robert Naiman on 11 September 2014 - 12:25am.
Obama, Congress: Heed J Street, Call Israeli Settlements Illegal
Submitted by Megan Iorio on 3 September 2014 - 7:19pm
Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu has announced that the Israeli government is seizing nearly 1,000 acres of West Bank land for another massive settlement project. The Israeli group Peace Now has called it the largest land grab in 30 years.
Urge President Obama and Members of Congress to heed J Street's call to say that Israeli settlements in the West Bank are illegal and to make it clear that U.S. opposition is not just symbolic, by signing our petition at MoveOn.
State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said [1] that the U.S. is “deeply concerned” about the announcement and called on Israel to reverse the decision. But when asked what consequences Israel would face if it didn’t reverse the decision, Psaki had no answer.
We’ve been here before. Whenever Israel announces new settlement expansion, the U.S. issues a statement of mild condemnation backed by little substantive action. And while it is the consensus of the international community that Israeli settlements are illegal, the U.S. continues to refer to them instead as “illegitimate” and “unhelpful”.
The “pro-Israel, pro-peace” lobby J Street issued a statement [2] saying that it’s time for the U.S. government to “stop issuing toothless statements of regret and do something real” and to “make it clear that the U.S. opposition to settlements is not just symbolic.” We agree.
Tell the Obama administration and Congress to heed J Street’s call to declare Israeli settlements illegal by signing and sharing our petition.
Thank you for all you do to help push U.S. foreign policy to be more just,
Robert Naiman and Megan Iorio
Just Foreign Policy
Help us reach our September fundraising goal—make a $10 tax-deductible contribution today!
On Israeli land grab, State Dept calls for reversal but lays out no consequences
Submitted --
Sunset an Authorization for the Use of Force in Iraq
Submitted by Robert Naiman on 24 August 2014 - 8:19pm.By Brandon Voss
Originally published on Advocate.com April 29 2014 9:45 AM ET
Neil Patrick Harris, Harvey Fierstein, and Cherry Jones are among the many gay nominees and honorees announced today for this year's Tony Awards, which will be presented June.
Hedwig's eight nominations also include recognition for out director Michael Mayer and for supporting actress Lena Hall, who plays Hedwig's husband.
Jones is nominated for Best Actress in a Play for her role as fading Southern belle Amanda Wingfield in the Tennessee Williams classic The Glass Menagerie, which is nominated for Best Revival of a Play. She will compete against Tyne Daly for Mothers and Sons, Latanya Richardson Jackson for A Raisin in the Sun, Audra McDonald for Lady Day at Emerson's Bar and Grill, and Estelle Parsons for The Velocity of Autumn.
Fierstein's Casa Valentina, his new play about straight men who congregate in the Catskills to dress and act like women, is nominated for Best Play. Its competition includes Terrence McNally's gay-themed drama Mothers and Sons.
Other out nominees include actors Samuel Barnett and Stephen Fry for their performances in the all-male production of Shakespeare's Twelfth Night.
Notably absent from the nominations are Zachary Quinto for The Glass Menagerie and Ian McKellen (along with bromantic Twitter buddy Patrick Stewart) for the double bill of Waiting for Godot and No Man's Land.
It was previously announced that Rosie O'Donnell will receive the Isabelle Stevenson Award, presented "annually to a member of the theatre.
See a full list of nominees here, and watch Looking star Jonathan Groff and Elementary star Lucy Liu announce the nominations below.
Links:
[1]
[2]
[3]
[4]Desire
- TransAfrica
- Mycelium School
- United Airlines
- Girl Scouts
- Opportunity International
- Rotary International
Working Together
I encourage you to contact me if you have any additional questions or want to know how we can get started working together.
- Set up a call using my online scheduler
- Send an email to desiree@desireeadaway.com
- Call me at (828) 423-0840Excerpt. The discovery of KIR has also imparted an additional function on the human leukocyte antigen (HLA) class I molecules, which are encoded by genes within the major histocompatibility complex (MHC; chromosome 6). Through their interaction with KIR isotypes that inhibit natural killer (NK) cell activity, certain HLA class I molecules are now known to protect healthy cells from spontaneous destruction by NK-cell-mediated cytolysis. Other KIR isotypes stimulate the activity of NK cells. Thus, KIR are likely to play a significant role in the control of the immune response, which would explain the associations observed between certain KIR genes in rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis and control of HIV disease progression. The degree of HLA/KIR compatibility may also determine the success rate of haematopoietic cell replacement therapy for certain leukemias.
Contents
- The KIR Gene ClusterMary Carrington and Paul Norman
- The KIR Gene ClusterThe KIR Gene Cluster
Your browsing activity is empty.
Activity recording is turned off.See more...Glasgow 2014 has unveiled first details of the dramatic transformation planned for one of Scotland’s premier sporting venues for the Opening Ceremony, the show-starter to the XX Commonwealth Games.
Celtic Park’s entire South Stand will be transformed into Glasgow’s Window on the Commonwealth thanks to the installation of a digital LED backdrop, which will be the largest screen of its kind ever seen in Europe.
Nearly 100 metres wide, the screen will play a key role in the creation of a dramatic, immersive visual experience for the packed audience in Celtic Park including elite athletes from across the Commonwealth and international VIPs. It will also create a spectacular impression for an estimated live global TV audience of more than one billion.
The screen will be used both to share magical images of events as they unfold in the stadium itself as well as serving to connect the stadium to the city and to the Commonwealth beyond.
This means audiences in the stadium, at city live sites and in millions of homes across Scotland and across the world can all connect and share in the thrilling celebration of Glasgow’s Opening Ceremony– the curtain raiser to the UK’s next big sporting and cultural event.
Weighing in at 38 tonnes and 11 metres high, the mega-screen will cover 1020 square metres. Hidden behind the screen in the space normally allocated to spectator seating will be cast backstage and technical support services.
Eileen Gallagher, independent director on the Glasgow 2014 Board and chair of the Ceremonies, Culture and Queen’s Baton Relay Committee said: “Glasgow 2014’s Opening Ceremony is a wonderful opportunity for Glasgow and Scotland to welcome the world to the Commonwealth Games, to demonstrate our warmth and creativity and show that we love to host a good party.
“The ‘Window on the Commonwealth’ being created in Celtic Park is just one exciting glimpse of what I know will be a very special evening and just one of the ways through which we can realise our bold creative ambition to showcase our host city and nation in a number of surprising ways.”
David Zolkwer, head of ceremonies and artistic director for Glasgow 2014.”
While much of the creative content of the Ceremony is still under wraps, auditions have taken place for thousands of ordinary people who have volunteered to be part of the Ceremonies cast.Facebook (FB): (LNKD).
StockMonster's Guy Adami preferred another social media play.
"I still think LinkedIn (LNKD) is still the best name to be in," he said. "People will shoot against it on valuation, and at some point they're probably going to be correct, but the stock has been, with minor exception a few months ago, Teflon."
Brian Kelly of Brian Kelly Capital said that Zynga (ZNGA) "still doesn't make a lot of sense. I understand they have a lot of cash, but that's really all they have."
Kelly cited businesses that the "Farmville" creator had announced it would enter and then dropped.
"That is a name that I would stay away from," he added.
- By CNBC's Bruno J. Navarro . Follow him on Twitter @Bruno_J_Navarro.
- CNBC's Torrey Klein.
More From CNBC
- Microsoft 'a modest growth business': Fund manager
- Bulls hope TiVo will fast-forward
- Is this Apple's rumored gold iPhone?
- Social & Online Media
- Investment & Company Information
- Tim Seymour
- Guy AdamiInfographics: Behind every great writer
Nadezhda Mandelstam's brother once commented that she and her husband - the brilliant, doomed poet Osip Mandelstam - were becoming so close that "Nadezhda" seemed no longer to exist.
"That's how we like it," she replied..
© Photo / Joy Neumeyer / The Moscow News“The Wives” author Alexandra Popoff
"What people know about is that Sophia copied out Tolstoy's great novels, but it was much more than that," said Alexandra Popoff, author of the 2012 book "The Wives: The Women behind Russia's Literary Giants." "They discussed things together - there was a spark. And without it, the ‘War and Peace' that the world admires wouldn't have been written."
Popoff was born in Moscow and now lives in Canada. Her inspiration for the book was her mother's own collaboration with her father, writer Grigory Baklanov.
"He read what he wrote during the day to her," Popoff said during an interview in Moscow. "She would simply say, ‘you could do better,' or ‘I don't feel it.' She was his best editor."
Popoff considers her parents' relationship part of a uniquely Russian tradition. English literature could claim prominent female writers going back to Aphra Behn, the 17th century dramatist. Western literary wives such as Zelda Fitzgerald and Martha Gellhorn (Ernest Hemingway's wife), she writes, had little interest in, as Gellhorn put it, "being a footnote in someone else's life."
But until the mid-20th century, Russian prose was dominated almost entirely by men, who were lionized as national heroes. Their wives were expected to dedicate themselves to cultivating their husbands' genius - a role many played to the hilt.
The model was established by the Dostoevskys and the Tolstoys. Sophia Tolstoy copied her husband's works, diaries and letters, working through the night after tending to their estate and 12 children during the day. She also served as muse, inspiring Kitty and Levin's love affair in "Anna Karenina."
Dostoevsky dictated both "Crime and Punishment" and "The Brothers Karamazov" to his wife Anna, and infused many of his characters with her traits. "Fyodor Mikhailovich was my idol, my god," Anna wrote, eternally faithful even after nursing him through a gambling addiction that reduced her to rags.
These archetypes were mimicked, sometimes consciously, by later couples. Before their marriage, Tolstoy gave Sophia a written account of his previous sexual exploits (including contracting gonorrhea from a prostitute), an episode he recreated in "Anna Karenina." Nabokov, who idolized Tolstoy, did the same with his wife Vera.
Some women even risked their lives for the sake of their husbands' work. Natalia Solzhenitsyn met her future husband, already famous for "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich," when she was a 28-year-old doctoral candidate. Beyond performing extensive research for his historical novels, as well as editing and typesetting his collected works, she engineered the smuggling of his works to the West - preserving "The Gulag Archipelago" and other crucial texts.
© Russian State LibraryMikhail Bulgakov based the character of Margarita on his wife Yelena
Many continued to work for their husbands in their widowhood. Yelena Bulgakov fought tirelessly to ensure the publication of "The Master and Margarita" after her husband's death (in keeping with her portrayal in the novel as Margarita, the ultimate writer's wife). After Osip Mandelstam perished in a camp, Nadezhda lugged his secret archive across the Soviet Union. (Nadezhda went on to write two fine memoirs of her own, "Hope against Hope" and "Hope Abandoned").
Such relationships tended to be all-consuming. As Nabokov would put it, he and Vera were "a single shadow." Dostoevsky, Mandelstam and Nabokov all said they couldn't write without their wives nearby. Anna Akhmatova, for one, was astounded.
"He wouldn't let her out of his sight, didn't let her work, was insanely jealous, and asked her advice on every word in his poems," she said after seeing Mandelstam with Nadezhda. "In general, I have never seen anything like it.".'"
After Sophia ceded her role as confidant to Tolstoy's disciple Vladimir Chertkov, she found herself excluded from his circle entirely. His acolytes even refused to allow her near his deathbed.
Thanks largely to Chertkov's influence, Sophia was long portrayed as "a henpecking wife who couldn't appreciate [Tolstoy's] moral genius," said Tolstoy scholar Andrew Kaufman, author of "Understanding Tolstoy."
But according to Kaufman, modern attitudes are shifting.
"With glasnost and perestroika and their long aftermath, Russians have become more ready to humanize and even criticize their greats, and find fault with their moral hypocrisies," he said. "The general antipathy towards Tolstoy's moral extremism, and how he treated his wife and kids, has been part of this trend."
Today, with Russian writers such as Lyudmila Petrushevskaya and Tatyana Tolstaya winning international acclaim, the sort of relationships described in the book seem a thing of the past. "Now, women would rather establish their own careers than dedicate their lives to their husbands," Popoff said.
But Popoff said there are many other couples, such as Andrei Bely and his wife Klavdia Bugaev, whose stories remain to be told.
"You don't know where the collaboration begins and where it ends," she said. "These women were so much in this literature."
Natalia Solzhenitsyn on being a ‘writer's wife'
© RIA Novosti. / Alexander SmotrovNatalia Solzhenitsyn, 73, continues to work for the Solzhenitsyn Foundation.
Why did you decide to dedicate your life to Alexander Solzhenitsyn's work?
From the night in November 1962 when I read "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich," I was ready to dedicate all of my efforts to his work. Life happened to make this possible.
What word would you use to describe your role in his life and work?
It's impossible to describe one's role, in life or in work, in a single word. I was his partner in everything, and we were happy together - in life, in work, in raising our sons.
Did you ever compare your relationship to those of other famous Russian writers and their partners?
I never compared myself to them. Our relationship and the circumstances of our fate were unique.
If you and Solzhenitsyn had never met, do you think his works would have been preserved?
Yes, they would've been preserved. Before he was deported from the USSR, many of our friends helped preserve his works... and after his deportation, that preservation never came under threat.Read other articles of the print issue "The Moscow News #08"Aston Villa Faces 5 Million-Pound Battle for McLeish: Roundup
June 14 (Bloomberg) -- The following is a roundup of soccer stories from U.K. newspapers, with clickable links to the Web.
McLeish Tussle
Birmingham City will demand 5 million pounds ($8.2 million) in compensation from Aston Villa should its Midlands rival want to sign Alex McLeish, who quit as the Blues’ manager two days ago, the Daily Mirror reported.
City will stop the ex-Rangers and Scotland manager moving unless it gets the money the club says it’s entitled to according to his contract terms.
“I don’t want McLeish back,” acting chairman Peter Pannu was cited as saying. “If he is going to go, I want the money.”
Ronaldo Snubs City
Real Madrid’s Cristiano Ronaldo dismissed talk of a 150 million-pound move to Manchester City, even with the prospect of 21 million pounds a year in wages, the Sun reported.
“It’s not bad, huh? We have to think about it well,” the Sun cited him as saying. “I’m not going to City. I give you my word. I’m not going. Money is not the most important thing.”
City has opened talks over a 27 million-pound deal to sign Udinese winger Alexis Sanchez, the Daily Mail reported.
Drogba for Modric?
Chelsea striker Didier Drogba could be part of a deal that would see him move to Tottenham, with midfielder Luka Modric moving the opposite way, the Mirror reported.
Tottenham manager Harry Redknapp highly rates Drogba and would “love” to take him if Chelsea let him go and finances allowed, the newspaper added.
According to the Sun, Chelsea is ready to offer Modric 130,000 pounds a week to switch to Stamford Bridge, almost tripling his current salary.
Samba Battle
Redknapp is ready to battle with Arsenal’s Arsene Wenger to sign Blackburn defender Chris Samba, according to the Mirror.
Redknapp wants to sign two central defenders with Premier League experience, the newspaper said. Arsenal has already had an 8 million-pound bid rejected, the Mirror added.
Hughton Decision
Fulham is pressing Chris Hughton to decide whether he wants to join Martin Jol as assistant manager, the Mail said.
He’s delaying a decision as he wants to see whether he’s offered the Cardiff managerial post, the Mail added.
To contact the reporter on this story: Peter-Joseph Hegarty in London at phegarty@bloomberg.net.
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Christopher Elser at celser@bloomberg.net.New ATI logos uncovered Page: 1
New ATI logos uncovered
Our friends at Fudzilla have uncovered that ATI are having a face change, all ATI's logos are being revamped. For example, the old 'ATI Raedon Graphics logo' is being replaced with 'ATI Raedon Premium Graphics' not a huge change but a change none the less.
The silver/red combination 'ATI Radeon Graphics certified' logo is being morphed into 'ATI Radeon certified' with a black and red colour scheme. The rather small CrossFire logo is being transformed into a 70x70 'ATI Crossfire X Certified.
I'm afraid that a change of logo will not pull ATI infront of Nvidia, Discuss on our
Forums.I have a noob question to ask you guys...
Started 10 months ago | Discussions thread
Let's say I used an 85mm lens standing farther away to shoot a person to get the same field of view as a wider angle lens at 17mm at a closer distance (is it even possible?), will the subject shot with the 85mm be as sharp vs if the shot at 17mm?
I'm deciding if i should get a wider angle lens in 17-50mm. Right now i shoot with a sigma 70-200 2.8 OS and nikon 50mm F/1.8G. I usually do portraits with tight framing. I want to include more of the background now, but standing back 20 yards to include more of the background leaves my subject not so sharp even if i nailed the focus and steady as a rock shooting using the sharpest aperture.
I do not have sample pictures to show, but i'm sure you guys know what i'm asking...
Reply to thread Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowAbout two months ago, I posted an opinion that the Red Sox closer search was a lot of smoke and mirrors to distract the rest of the league from the Red Sox true needs. I called this the rope-a-dope strategy. It appears your not so humble correspondent may have been onto something.
In an interview with the Globeâ€™s Gordon Edes that will air on NESN tomorrow night, Red Sox general manager Theo Epstein hinted for the first time that Jonathan Papelbon remains an option to be the teamâ€™s closer this season, which would suggest that the medical staff likes how Papelbon’s shoulder has reacted this week. And during their meeting with the media, owner John Henry and Tom Werner seemed even more confident that a decision had been reached.
Should the Red Sox move Jonathan Papelbon back to the bullpen to close, Kyle Snyder, Julian Tavarez, Joel Pineiro and Jon Lester are all candidates to assume the last sport in the rotation. The closer spot has been the Red Sox most glaring weakness. With the success Papelbon enjoyed last year, and stricter control on his use, that area of weakness may again be a strong point for the Sox.
Update Gordon Edes is backing off his earlier story, the one I linked a few hours ago. In fact, the post that I quoted from has been changed to remove what I had quoted and further downplay the idea that Papelbon may return to closing duties. Thanks to the Internet Archive I can pull the original of this post.
I personally find the Globe’s tinkering with the story to be reprehensible. They should have updated to note the exchange was a joke. To change the story and hope that the assertion disappears indicates that the MSM has a lot to learn about blogging and how transparency is essential to credibility.
RSS feed for these comments.Top Definition
Having to desperately take a shit and the only place around to use a bathroom is Barnes & Noble. Having to take a shit so bad you can't think straight.
Nathan Barnes & Nobled after eating too many burgers from A&W.
por lolgoodtimes 22 de Julho de 2009Electrical engineering and meteorology professor to present next faculty lecture
Tim Kane, professor of electrical engineering and meteorology at Penn State, will be the featured presenter at the next Faculty Lecture Series event to be held at 12:30 p.m. on Nov. 29 in room 302 at the campus in Center Valley. Kane's lecture is titled: "Active Optical Sensing: A Gallimaufry of Applications." This event is free and open to the public.
Kane's talk will explore various aspects of active optical sensing systems. Emphasis will be placed on engineering challenges of deploying such instruments to the field, paying special attention to the impact of obscurants, turbulence, and interfaces on system performance. Discussion of current applications will serve as illustrative examples (including the occasional segue into the geosciences).
Tim Kane is a Professor of Electrical Engineering and Meteorology at Penn State, as well as a research scientist at Penn State’s Applied Research Lab (ARL). His interests lie in the area of optical remote sensing, primarily active (LIDAR) for use in studying various atmospheric, terrestrial, and oceanic phenomena.
For more information, please contact University Relations at 610-285-5067 or e-mail aag18@psu.edu.Quick Search
The Army is preparing to turn over operations of all its data centres to the Defense Information Systems Agency. It plans to reduce them from the hundreds scattered throughout the world today to only 10, said the service's top network operations officer. How many data centres does the Army have today? Nobody in the service really knows, said Maj. Gen. Mark Bowman, director of architecture, operations, networks and space at the Department of the Army. The Army is attempting to count them, "but they are popping up all over the place," he said at the Milcom conference here. He defined a data centre as any structure of more than 300 sq ft "with a lot of servers."
The Army wants to get out of the business of running servers altogether and turn most of them over to DISA, which can run them more efficiently and at a lower cost, he said. The goal is to have consolidated all the servers into the 10 centres by 2015.
Source: National Defense Magazine..
 11:28 pm and filed under GOSSIP!,politics,Uncategorized,Vast Left Wing Conspiracy. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS feed.
Tags: ADAM CAROLLA'S HUFFPO RANT: 'YOU GUYS ALL HAVE BLOOD ON YOUR HANDS', Currant TV's "Young Turks" host Cenk Uygur went off on Adam Carolla, CURRENTTV HOST RAGES AGAINST 'RACIST' ADAM CAROLLA, In a profanity laced rant Adam Carolla responds to an article from The Huffington Post - VIDEO
Blog at WordPress.com. The Sunburn Theme.
Get every new post delivered to your Inbox.
Join 184 other followerstelecom italia spa (TIT:BrsaItaliana)
Executive Profile*
Background*
Prof. Massimo Egidi is a professor of Economics at the LUISS Guido Carli University in Rome. Prof. Egidi has been a Rector of the LUISS Guido Carli since 2005 and is Chairman of the Bruno Kessler Foundation of Trento. Prof. Egidi's university career took place in Turin, at the Polytechnic and then at the University's Faculty of Political Sciences 1965-86, then in Trento from 1987 to 2004. He served as an Independent & Non Executive Director at Telecom Italia SpA since ...
>.Aguateca, perched on a high outcrop at the southern tip of the lake, is the site that’s furthest away from Sayaxché but the most easily reached, as a boat can get you to within twenty minutes’ walk of the ruins. This intriguing site (split in two by a natural chasm) was only rediscovered in 1957 and has undergone recent restoration work. The atmosphere is magical, surrounded by dense tropical forest and with superb views of the lake from two miradores. There’s a visitor centre close to the entrance, where Aguateca’s guards are based. The guards always welcome company, and if you want to stay they’ll find some space for you to sling a hammock or pitch a tent. Bring a mosquito net and food if you wish to stay.
A brief history
Throughout the Late Classic period, Aguateca was closely aligned with (or controlled by) nearby Dos Pilas, the dominant city in the southern Petén, and reached its peak in the eighth century, when Dos Pilas was developing an aggressive policy of expansion. Indeed, Aguateca may have been a twin capital of an ambitious Petexbatún state. Military successes, including a conclusive victory over Ceibal in 735 AD, were celebrated at both sites with remarkably similar stelae – Aguateca’s Stela 3 shows Dos Pilas ruler Master Sun Jaguar in full battle regalia, including a Teotihuacán-style face mask. After 761 AD, however, Dos Pilas began to lose control of its empire and the members of the elite moved their headquarters to Aguateca, attracted by its strong defensive position. But despite the construction of 5km of walls around the citadel and its agricultural land, their enemies soon caught up with them, and sometime after 790 AD Aguateca itself was overrun.
The ruins
The resident guards will provide you with stout walking sticks – essential as the slippery paths here can be treacherous – before escorting you around the site’s steep trails. The tour, which takes a little more than an hour, takes in the palisade defences, temples and palaces (including the residence of Aguateca’s last ruler, Tante K’inich) and a barracks. The carving at Aguateca is superbly executed and includes images of hummingbirds, pineapples and pelicans. Its plazas are dotted with stelae, including one on the Plaza Principal depicting Tante K’inich lording it over a ruler from Ceibal, who is shown cowering at his feet, and another that has been shattered by looters who hoped to sell the fragments. Aguateca is also the site of the Maya World’s only known bridge, which crosses a narrow gash in the hillside, but it’s not that impressive in itself.Hundreds of young athletes pedalled to victory as they crossed the finish line of Norwood's 2014 Junior Bike Ride and Duathlon.
A total of 350 children and teenagers cycled and ran around the course at Aldenham Country Park, despite the sunny weather and high temperatures.
There were three challenges to choose from - a five mile bike ride, a ten mile bike ride and a Duathlon, made up of a 1.5 mile run, a five-mile bike ride and then a final 1.5 mile run.
Competitors ranged in age from as young as five to sixteen.
The sponsored event is hoped to have raised more than £40,000 for Norwood, a leading Jewish charity that supports vulnerable children and their families, and adults with learning disabilities.
Norwood’s head of challenges Ian Tate said: "It's a tough event at the best of times but because of all the recent rain there were some very heavy, muddy areas which made the ride even more challenging. Everyone who took part should be feeling very proud of themselves."
"We now need all the participants to let all their friends and family know about the great challenge they have completed and ask for sponsorship. The money raised will do an enormous amount of good."cpanxr - CPANXR indexer
cpanxr [options] command
Options: -help brief help message -man full documentation Commands: index Run indexer
Prints a brief help message and exit.
Prints the manual page and exists.
Index distributions
cpanxr will index the distributions unpackaged in the directory as specified by the XrRoot configuration directive in /etc/cpanxr.conf.The role of an IT Project Manager
When discussing the role of an IT project manager it is more apt to talk about the many roles they have during the implementation of IT services for their client. Roles like planning, budgeting, reporting, team management, staff training and troubleshooting issues on the go. For the IT project manager these tasks, and a host of other duties, are all in a day’s work.
Key duties of an IT Project Manager
- Developing a project outline with project restraints and considerations front of mind
- Recommending the right IT solutions for the project
- Defining the project scope, timeline and budget – in consultation with the client
- Coordinating IT services, personnel and resources
- Monitoring each stage of the project and reporting outcomes to the client
- Ensuring secure data protection
- Training staff to use newly implemented IT solutions
- Providing ongoing computer software and hardware maintenance
In addition to these tasks, the project manager must have the ability to develop complex schedules, foresee future challenges, troubleshoot on the move, and manage the implementation of complex IT systems.
Why do Irish businesses choose an IT Project Manager from Daysha?
- Our commitment to delivering the end outcome of an IT project on time and within budget.
- Our ability to efficiently and cost effectively deploy the specialised resources necessary for the execution of IT projects.
- Our access to the best-in-class project management resources. Our project management and technical experts are uniquely suited and dedicated to the success of our customers and to the quality of the solutions they provide.
The IT project manager truly plays many vital roles when helping businesses set up their IT systems and infrastructure. To find out how Daysha Consulting can help your business on its next IT project call us on (01) 537 8476 or email us at info@dayhsaconsulting.com.Assalamualaikum...
It has been a while since I write something about a restaurant, or the best places to dine... Well here I got a post that will make you drool... Have you guys heard about LAMAN GRILL (Bar-B-Q) well this place is located in the heart of Shah Alam, A pure dining experience with foods that being prepared by Masters Chefs... hehehe... Well lately I've been watching to many cooking competition shows on TV and Youtube... The best ones are Iron Chef, Top Chef, Chopped, Junior Master Chef and many more... these shows are some good shows because not only the competitor compete but at the same time they give good knowledge and information to.
OK back to the restaurant... The owner of this restaurant is Chef Zubair Zain, to me he is one of the Master Chef in Malaysia... I heard he is working with Le-Meridien KL Sentral as an Executive Sou Chef, but I'm surprised that when I went there Chef Zubair was in the kitchen, and I feel so pleased as I know on that day our food was prepared by the Master him self.
The interior of the Restaurant
The Interior of the Restaurant are welled planned, very cozy decor with news articles of Chef Zubair, the medals that he won, and his certificate that he achieve, and its all for the customer to see, the restaurant also have a nice surrounding, the ambiance is very warming, nice lighting, and what caught my eyes was the open kitchen, it has a big glass window wall facing the restaurant and another one on the side of the kitchen facing outside, so the whole world can see how clean the kitchen are...
Now lets talk about food....
Crispy Squid Fritters (RM13.50)
Forrest Mushroom Soup (RM13.50)
Meat Lover's Combo Platter (RM59.50)
a combination of seven (7) dish in one platter,
In the picture : Braised lamb On mash, Buffalo Wings.
In the picture : Fillet Steak with herbs potato, Beef Lasagna, Lamb stew
In the picture : Lamb Kebab with potato wedges
In the picture : Chicken sausage with sauted vege
Tiramisu (RM12.50)
Chocolate Caramel Banana (RM12.50)
Did you guys believe that I had all that... hehehe, actually I went there with my friend Khairul Anuar (General Manager) and we had all that food... and it was a satisfaction visit, worth the money and worth the experience. My expression of the food that I had on that day was, it feels like I was one of the judges in Iron Chef competition, and every thing was done perfect, I feel every herbs, every sweetness, every flavor that was attended for customer to taste... fuh.. I'm all out of words... I truly recommend every one to dine at the restaurant....
My rating is 5 thumbs up for service and a full 10 thumbs up for food
The location of the Restaurant:
Laman Grill
No G33, Block 5
Laman Seri Business Park
Seksyen 13, 40000 Shah Alam
Tel: 03-55237386
P/S: sorry for the photos, I forgot to bring my camera, and I borrowed Anuar's camera phone... But I'm planning to go there again....
6 comments:
saye penah dgr.tp xpenah lagi pergi try.look delicious.
Tgk food presentation pun dah menarik......
thanks for this. i am looking for a restaurant like this in shah alam
U've helped
ramai suggest for berbuka buffet kat sini.The? Anyway, we totally knew the real ad would involve butterflies somehow. It's available for sale this week at $62.50 for a 3.3 oz bottle. According to the site, the scent "opens with an indulgent creamy accord and blooms into an opulent floral heart [that] will linger in your mind like a timeless melody." We hope the melody is "Breakdown" featuring Bones Thugs-N-Harmony. (Click headline for full-size image.)
"M by Maria Carey" Ad [Maria Daily]The dust has settled on the 2012 Gatorade Duels at Daytona and the field is set for the 500. Tony Stewart held off a hard charging Dale Earnhardt Jr. to win Duel #1 while Matt Kenseth blew by teammate Greg Biffle to steal the win in Duel #2.
The 4 Golden Tickets: It looked like a showdown was shaping up between McDowell and Robby Gordon on the final lap of the first Duel until Trevor Bayne pulled over to lock them both in. As the defending Daytona 500 champion moved to the side, Kenny Wallace's dream of making the 500 went up in smoke as he would fail to fill a transfer spot in his Duel.
Micahel Waltrip made a very costly rookie mistake in the first Duel crashing himself after a green flag pit stop. He had two tires on the banking and two on the apron sending him sideways and into the backstretch wall. A rookie mistake by the two time Daytona 500 champion.
Kenny Wallace had fuel pressure problems in the second Duel regulating him to a 21st place finish which wasn't enough to make the race. Dave Blaney and Joe Nemechek took the two transfer spots in Duel #2. Terry Labonte took the past champions provisional.
Vicious Wrecks in Duel #1: Both Danica Patrick and Juan Pablo Montoya are going to be sore in the morning after a couple of hard licks in the first Duel. Michael McDowell pushed on the left rear of David Gilliland sending him into Montoya and Paul Menard. The front end of the #42 was destroyed but the hit of the day belonged to rookie Danica Patrick.
While Jr. tried to chase down Stewart with half a lap to go, Danica was holding her own around 12th. Almirola got into the door of Patrick sending her head on into the inside wall ripping the front end off the car and sending the #10 off the ground. She was shaken but okay.
The Battle for the Win: In Duel #1, Carl Edwards got the push from Dale Jr. to take the lead with 2 to go. Dale was able to get past the 99 but he was quickly over taken by the #14 of Tony Stewart. Before Jr. could get the spot back, the caution had come out for Danica's crash giving the win to 3 time Sprint Cup Series champion, Tony Stewart.
The second Duel was much more calmer with not a single yellow. Matt Kenseth pushed his teammate Greg Biffle to the front early but Greg ducked down to the bottom leaving Kenseth hung out to dry. Matt would get his revenge late as he blew by the #16 after a failed block by Biffle with Jimmie Johnson pushing. There was contact between Johnson and Regan Smith with half a lap to go which killed the momentum Regan had costing him a chance at the voctory.
Notes: We may want to keep on eye on these cars overheating as we saw a lot of it during the Duels. That could become a major problem in the race on Sunday. Also, Like I said in my last article, these drivers need to be careful and stay away from the left side of the car they are pushing. I think this will be one wild Daytona 500 and watch out for the #98 of Michael McDowell. He was strong in his Duel and he could be the next cinderella story.
A couple fun facts:-With Michael Waltrip failing to make the 500, this will be the first time since 1972 that a Waltrip will miss the Great American Race
-Matt Kenseth's Duel #2 win was the first Gatorade Duel victory for Roush Fenway Racing
-A owner has never won both Gatorade Duelsyet another "review my restaurant choice" post
Hey gang, I used chowhounds for my Hong Kong trip, and thanks to the advice of Charles Yu, 4seasons, HKtraveler and others, had an amazing culinary journey. So now I'm trying out the Japan board to see if they can make this trip as memorable as my HK one.
I'll be in Japan to see the sakura blossoms during early April, and so I'll be in Tokyo for 4 days/4 nights and then Osaka/Kyoto/Nara for around 3 days and 3 nights. I plan on doing the tsujiki breakfast thing for one of the days. I'd rather not be too strict on my lunch plans because I'm not sure when I'll wake up and I plan to be very busy on non food related events too, but from what I gather the good casual lunch spots in Tokyo are
Tengu
Ichiran Ramen
Fuku
Seyrna
Kaikaya
Any "can't miss" spots that I missed? For dinner I'm definitely going to be more strict in my plans, and for the 4 nights in Tokyo I think I've decided on (assuming I can get reservations)
1: Ryugin
2: Jiro (in Roppongi since apparently the Ginza one is impossible to get into)
3. Kyubei
4. Ristorante Aso (open to discussion but Asomaniac's review sounded real convincing)
Once in the Osaka region I figure it will be more of a ask around and try to find somewhere that has a lot of locals things, as long as I have a dinner at Kikunoi one of the nights.
So how does that sound for a Japanese food/sight seeing trip? Any type of japanese food or restaurant that is aggregiously missing from my list? Thanks in advance!
Thanks for posting your list. Makes it easier to help you out. Overall, pretty good collection of places, but a few problems.
Yakitori and izakaya dining are really night time activities. Fuku, the yakitori place, does not open until 5:30pm. Most yakitori shops, all the good ones at least, are like this. Tengu is a chain of izakaya that I've recommended in the past for groups. I think some branches are open for lunch, but I wouldn't recommend them since they are really about drinking and trying many small dishes. Kaikaya is open for lunch according to their website. I've never been anytime, but I suspect they have more of a lunch set menu versus their very appetizing dinner options. It seems to have a "gourmet" izakaya slant to it, so dinner is probably better. For ramen, I love Ichiran, but it's another chain and they're talking about expanding overseas. You might want to look into some of the more obscure, better, shops that I've reviewed:
Other lunch options to consider are the Tenya chain for quick tempura, tonkatsu, or even better, the sub-genre called "youshoku"- . You might want to consider swapping Kaikaya for a dinner spot and doing Jiro for lunch.
I would swap Ristorante Aso with a Japanese regional dinner- maybe Kyushu or Okinawan.
- re: Silverjay
- re: deckoff8
Here are two very good Kyushu places I've been to that I really liked:
Tamoiyanse in Shibuya
Kurobutaya in Ebisu
Here are some Okinawan places I picked out for you. The top one is a place I used to go all the time. The other two are highly rated on Japanese websites. Sorry, no English information, but you'd get a real thrill by checking them out. The one in Shimokitazawa looks really promising and it's in a great, interesting neighborhood. Actually, almost across the street from it is a Nagoya style restaurant if you're really intrepid.
Okinawan in Ebisu
Unai in Shimokitazawa...
Little Okinawa in Shimbashi...
- re: Silverjay
I'll second Silverjay's recommendations - izakaya (including yakitori shops) are for evenings, and when and if they're open for lunch they tend to have fairly simple offerings. If you want to go for interesting Japanese at lunch, it might be best to stick with specialty cuisines like tempura and tonkatsu. And sushi, which is fresher at lunchtime. And maybe do your fancy French/Italian choices at lunchtime too, when prices tend to be more reasonable.
It definitely looks like a great list. I also love Ichiran ramen, remember to get the half-boiled egg, it is a side order.
Some suggestions,
1. Ryugin and Jiro are both in Roppongi. Since you only have 4 days in Tokyo, I am not sure if it is a better idea to spend the time exploring other district than spending 2 nights (or 1 night + 1 afternoon) in the same district. Plus restaurants in Japan are sometimes not easy to locate with it's address system, you may end up wasting more time than you think.
2. Go to a restaurant for some exclusive top grade Japanese beef (like real Kobe beef or Matsusaka beef since it is hard to get outside Japan). May not be for everyone, but something to consider.
- re: skylineR33
- re: deckoff8
The beef at ryugin should not be matsuzaka as it is not too fat .....
Have not tried Matsuzaka beef in Japan, but try the Kobe beef tenderloin at Sazanka Teppenyaki (one michelin star), it melts in my mouth without excessive of fat. They fried the fat from the beef to brownish colour and use it for fried rice which is so tasty !...
- re: deckoff8
On the tasting menu you're referring to at Ryugin, the chef serves Miyagi beef, if memory serves correctly, exactly for the reason skyline mentioned- its relatively fatty. The Miyagi beef is unbelievably flavorful; I think he cooked it sous vide... after 14 courses, I could be wrong though. What an amazing experience, having a meal there.
Some of the best western food I ever had was in Tokyo of all places!!! A few dishes even beat out some of the best France and Italy had to offer. So please don't count western food out! It'll also provide a welcoming palete change from consecutive days of Japanese food. I'll be in Tokyo next weekend and will be trying out a number of Michelin star 'western' restaurants arranged by my foodie friend. Will report back on any stand-outs, including, hopefully the 3* Quintessence!
- re: Charles Yu
- re: skylineR33
- re: skylineR33
Hello skylineR33 and Robb S,
Bad news!! I've just received an e-mail from my foodie friend who told me that he had tried contacting Quitessence by phone for six consecutive days, after they re-opened from holiday, but without success! Looks like they don't bother to pick up their phone! Anyways, as a last resort, he went to pay them a visit in person yesterday. Guess what?! They told him they don't except reservations in person, only by phone!!! What a joke!! Anyhow, my friend was told that they were fully booked for the next two months!! So, may be better luck next year!! Meanwhile, I'll try to walk by and take a look at their entrance! Ha!! In its place my friend has chosen another starred French restaurant.( from a list of 48!!! ) Hope its good?!
- re: Charles Yu
- re: kuidaore
- re: Charles Yu
- re: kuidaore
- re: Charles Yu
I was interested in this Sicilian restaurant....
The chef is from Sicily and caters to the Italian Embassy. He buys even salt from Sicily. Local Italians patronize the restaurant. However, the reviews on all Japanese sites aren't that good and neither is this reviewer's....
Sammy's Ebisu Place is a great, Chowhound-y stop in Osaka, with three floors of street stalls in a food-focused mini-theme park....
And here are several Nara suggestions convenient to the tourist attractions:....
Nara's specialties are chagayu (rice flavored with green tea and seasonal vegetables) and a type of pickle called Nara-zuke.
Everyone already mentioned the good bits about Izakayas being night time places, but I'll third that as well.
Since Fuku, Kaikaya and Tengu are all night time spots, you could search out a tonkatsu restaurant, a soba/udon shop, or Japanese burger chain instead.
As for Tengu, I tried it last night with some visitors and although they had a great time I found myself wishing I'd gone to Doma Doma or Watami or one of the other chains. I feel like they have more expansive menus and a tough higher quality food. Tengu's saving grace was the house beer, Tengu Beiru yummy.The.
To locate a professional offering Body-Mind Centering® services, please visit the Body-Mind Centering® Association website.Select a worry-free warranty:
SALE PRICE:
Sale Price: $207.99
Sale Price: $258.99
Sale Price: $233.99
Sale Price: $165.99
Sale Price: $162.99
Sale Price: $148.99
Sale Price: $145.99
Sale Price: $123.99
»» Description:
A.O Smith 1HP C- Face Emod Motor 56J - 1.5 SF
A.O Smith 1HP C- Face Emod Motor 56J - 1.5 SF is safety vacuum release system pool:Trace Adkins Tour Dates 2015
Trace Adkins Details:
Find Trace Adkins tickets, 2012-2013 tour concert dates and more information here!
Trace Adkins Tour Tickets
If there are currently no Trace Adkins tour 2015 tickets available, please check back as new show dates are constantly being added. Orders for Trace Adkins 2015 tour tickets that are no longer available will be canceled or substituted at the seller's discretion. All purchase of Trace Adkins 2015 concert tour tickets are made through Ticketmaster US or one of their concert ticket partners. Country Music On Tour and their affiliate companies do not guarantee or refund ticket sales.
If you would like to attend a Trace Adkins 2015 tour show live in person, please follow the links provided for concert ticket pricing, tour dates and music venues. Country Music On Tour provides tour schedules and concert information for live performances featuring Trace Adkins concert tour 2015 .
It is our goal at Country Music On Tour to provide the most recent and up-to-date Trace Adkins 2015 concert tour Concert tickets at discounted prices, and we are equally committed to providing thorough Trace Adkins 2015 concert tour information. Our site includes Trace Adkins 2015 concert tour schedules, venue seating charts, Venue directions, and Trace Adkins 2015 concert tour biographies and news.
Filed under: Trace Adkins
[...] Country Concert Tours Keith Urban Tour Alan Jackson Tour Trace Adkins Tour Brooks & Dunn Tour Toby Keith Tour Kenny Chesney Tour Rascal Flatts Tour Carrie Underwood [...]
Brooks and dunn braking up has me in a saddened devestation, I have been to every Texas concert for the last 15 years. I will never forget the normal front row we always have and mix brooks putting me on stage to sing your gonna miss me when I’m gone and I never thought reality. Why break up. Just a break could have occured but to tell the world this. Wished a money tactic.love you guys shay Morgan
We would like to contact Trace Adkins about stopping at Cambridge Springs on Saturday, February 20th. for a benefit concert for the Boy Scouts & Girl Scouts building. I see that they are in Buffalo, NY on Friday, February 19th. and Columbus, Ohio on Sunday, Feb. 21st.
Thank You,
Karen Kaltenbaugh
woodknot@windstream.net
Trace Adkins fans who live in Georgia would love for him to tour to Georgia. Columbus or Atlanta would be a perfect place. We hope he comes soon!!
Trace, I admire you and the support that you show our troops. My daughter is currently serving as a combat medic in the US Army. She is currently stationed at Ft. Sam Houston, she works with wounded warriors. My son-in-law is a wounded warrior and has had the fight of his life the last 2 1/2 years. I just wanted to say how much I appreciate all the support you show these men and women.
I Just Wanted To Say That Trace Adkins Has Been One Of My Favorite Singers For A Very Long Time. I Love His Song ARLINGTON. It makes you stop and think.
Thank You Trace For ALL Of The Support That You Do Give The TROOPS. I know that they TRULY Do Appreciate. May GOD Bless&Keep You. GOD BLESS AMERICA!
Trace Adkins is hands down my all time favorite country singer. We need him to come out the Philadelphia (Delaware) area so we can all see him in concert. PLEASE!!!!! I love so many of his songs including “Then They Do”, “You’re Gonna Miss This”, “Sweet”, “Hillybilly Rich”, and for out troops “Last Shot Fired”. Trace Adkins seems like a true patriot, true gentleman and total MAN. Please come out this way – Marie (from Delaware)
I want to Thank You for all the support you show the troops. My son is in the Army. He completed a 14
month tour in Iraq and now is in the middle of at least a year long tour in Afghanistan. Your songs mean a lot to him. He was never a country fan(I am) but you really touched him….God Bless!
Thank you so much for your support by going over to Irag, my granddaughter is in the Army and she couldn’t wait to see you in concert, in fact all of them, and the chatter that went on was so positive, and of excitment for them. She has been a country fan of yours for so long, all of us here in the states thank you so much for your love and support. Blessing—-Grandma
I love you trace..you do so much we really appreciate it.
Hello,
I saw that Trace is on tour in Reno NV on March 19, 2011. We have a small town 80 miles north of Reno called Susanville, CA. This is the best country music town and county you’ll find. We have several volunteer fire departments within our county and everyone is hurting for money. Supplies and equipment are expensive as is training. I was wondering if Trace would consider doing a benefit concert at the fair grounds in Susanville CA for all of the Lassen county volunteer fire departments? Please let me know through the address above.
Our church “Church of the Nativity” in Spring Hill Tn, not far from where Trace lives, is having a silent auction on Feb 26th. Would it be possible to get somthing signed by Trace to use at the auction.
Thank you
We would like for Trace to do a Concert in the Virginia area any plans for him touring in this area?
Trace can go to Dixon, CA (A GARDEN SPOT), but completely ignores the Colorado Rocky Mtn. region where he’s loved? Get serious.
No European dates?
Come on, Trace – you’re a world-wide star. Time for a world-wide tour!!
Hello Trace,
JUST WANNA SAY HAD A TERRIFFIC TIME AT TRACES CONCERT
I think Trace Adkins is a wonderful Singer and family man….
His wife Rhonda is lucky to have someone like him.
He is one true cowboy true to his family and his fans.
Maybe one day I will get a chance to meet him.
My address is 2550 Raintree way Marietta GA 30067
Hello, (trace adkins) This is Tina Rhoton i think it was the year of 2000, It was at a salon you was plaing a ya came over to me and their was a little voice poned on the left ya side, That said this is trace adkins , And i dont know what was really seeing and before I know it my head was tured part ways,I am so very sorry that that well ,You came around once again and i did about the same exactly thing ya ask me if i would like another beer . But i have to leave and that sucked so so bad . so smiling walking away i thought to myself dont look back and ya know that i Did’nt like i wanted to like really badly wanted to but its’ not like missed see him verizon wireless ,I really injoyed myself again
i luv ya. till next time. TinaRhoton.
Trace, when are you going to perform in Orange Co. Calif. ???
We love your CD Cowboy's Back in Town. Niece Choco
Is Trace Adkins going to tour Australia and if so when
Would love him to tour to Adelaide south Australia!!!!! Please we would love to go see him please tour to Aussie trace!!!!!
Please tour to adelaide south Australia Trace, I saw you at the country warehouse in Rochester NY around the time you won the CMA for rising star. Would love to see ya again
Mary Ann and I are going to the Riverside, CA concert. We got the VIP package, which consists of a M&G, plus a Q&A session, 8X10 photo with him along with some other goodies.
Niece, he will be in Riverside on May 18. Not too far from Orange County. I bought my VIP tickets already.
Hallo, Was sollte man eher machen? keine Kohlenhydrate, oder Diät mit wenig Fett
Why the hell would you not tour to Florida on your tour?
Trace please tour to Utah again even Las Vegas would be greatA.J. is looking for more bloggers to take part in a fantasy basketball league. He asked me to join. Alas, the only thing I know about basketball is...wait, I know nothing about basketball. Sorry. Check out his blog for more details.
Go Yankees! Wait, that's baseball? 05, 2005
1 comment:
For the record: most of the participants know nothing about fantasy basketball. Which seems fair, somehow, since I know nothing about poetry. ; )
But thanks for the plug, Eduardo C.Generic Title Here Flag By: pikachuswithbeards (More by author: Most viewed, Newest, Most Thumbs) previous next random - Fav + Fav Comment Recommend tagsx +1544 Views: 39885 Favorited: 77 Submitted: 01/03/2013 Share On Facebook Remove from favorites Add to favorites Unsubscribe from pikachuswithbeards Subscribe to pikachuswithbeards
Not true. Some gays are simply annoying.
Just thought I'd share some relevant information. And a semi related picture.
****
believe what you want to, but I find nothing wrong with gay people or relationships, and there isn't any proof to support that "gays are bad" argument anyways.
I'm not gay, I just wish I had better looking homosexual friends.mfadel
I am a software developer, moved to web development, I am still learning!! I enjoy sharing my knowledge and communicating with other professionals, I believe that the value of technology is to help human, to help people,
0 answers
1 question
~193 people reached
- Istanbul, Turkey
- daleelturkiyya.com
- Member for 3 years, 1 month
- 3 profile views
- Last seen Mar 21 '13 at 10:25Illumination Software Creator 5.0 has reached the glorious status of Beta 9! And is available for Linux, Windows and Mac from the Download page.
You may be asking yourself, what happened to Beta 8? Beta 8 sucked. So I made it better and jumped to Beta 9.
What’s new in Beta 9:
- Bug fixes, bug fixes, bug fixes. Primarily on Android and HTML5 built apps.
At this point, I highly recommend everyone try their ISC 4.x projects with 5.0 Beta 9. All features from 4.x should be 100% across all platforms. Features new to 5.0 are also 100% for HTML5 and Android apps (with some work remaining on 5.0-only features for iOS, PyGTK and Flash). Be sure to make a back-up copy of your project first… just in case (seriously, it should work like a charm, though).
Here’s a quick overview of some of the major changes that have been introduced over the course of the 5.0 Beta cycle:
- Two new UI controls: Listbox and Checkbox (along with blocks to use them).
– A Timer block that fires on an adjustable schedule.
– Window backgrounds can now have custom colors.
– Control UI layouts are now more flexible (control locking).
– Can now edit and set default values for Dictionary variables.
– Loads of speed improvements and bug fixes.
If you haven’t downloaded software from here recently, here’s how it works : You pay whatever you like (using fancy-pants sliders). You then gain access to the download page. From that download page you can download every single piece of software available from this website. All completely free of DRM.
Filed under: Illumination | Comments OffDark, cold and wet. I was standing in the middle of the aptly named “Het Park” near the Euromast in Rotterdam on a very chilly night with a trampled layer of melting snow around my feet. Yet, despite having almost lost all feeling in my ungloved fingers, I didn’t quite want to leave. Why not? Because all around me were colourful, illuminated figures – some even moving – that created a feeling far better than running inside to get warm would do.
From December 7th 2012 until February 14th 2013, Het Park in Rotterdam will be transformed into an illuminated Chinese wonderland, known as China Light Rotterdam. It took four weeks and over 40 Chinese artists but the effort was well worth it because everywhere you look is something to ooh and ahh at – lotus flowers, mandarin ducks, a 100-metre-long dragon and even a Temple of Heaven.
But no matter how carefully I pick my words, this is one time when giving you a sense of the event is best done with photos. Trust me, you’ll see why.
China Light Rotterdam is open daily from 16:30* until 22:00 (Dec 7 – Feb 14, closed Dec 31) and not only can you meander through the lit displays, you can also enjoy Chinese music, dance, acrobatics and a laser show. For more information or to book tickets, visit
Tip: Don’t pass up the folded map. Not only does it show you where everything is but it also gives you a description about each display and the event itself. Well worth it!
*On December 7th the park opens at 19:00.
I attended the press preview of China Light Rotterdam as part of my role as a Holland Ambassador with the Netherlands Board of Tourism & Conventions.
Recent posts in Archived
6 Comments
Oh, this looks so amazing! I want to go there. Lovely photos!
Thank you. I hope that it is on next year as well (as in winter 2013).
This looks like a fascinating performance! I’ve been lucky enough to witness some spectacular parades while based in Korea as an ESL teacher.
I hope to get time to check it out. It looks great.
And I did. I went there with my Dad during my parents visit. Great stuff.
Glad you (and your dad) enjoyed it.The WSBeat: Life saved; ‘stabbing’ explained; bus pickpocket…December 5, 2013 at 11:23 am | In West Seattle news, West Seattle police, WSBeat |…
:
*On the afternoon of Nov. 30th, officers arrived at a home in the 9700 block of 33rd SW. A man had called 911, claiming he had been stabbed by his roommate and saying that the roommate also had access to guns. Unsure of what they might be facing, two officers approached the home, one with a shotgun, one with a rifle. They could see the victim on the front porch talking with 911. Officers asked that the suspect come out of the house with his hands up and surrender. The suspect complied and had nothing in his hands. Meanwhile, the “victim” began yelling, “He has a gun! Shoot him! Shoot him!” The officers confirmed with each other that the man approaching them was unarmed. They then turned their attention to the caller and told him to lie on the ground. He refused and remained agitated as medics checked him for wounds. None were found. Placed under arrest for false reporting, he screamed threats and epithets at his roommate. The roommate told police that the incident began when he told the suspect he would call 911 unless he quit hitting their cat with a belt.
*A 60-year-old Skyway resident (with 14 aliases) is suspected of pickpocketing an elderly passenger on a Metro Access bus on December 2nd. She hailed the victim by name (after hearing the victim’s name given to the driver) and gave the victim a long hug. When dropped at her destination, the victim realized she was missing $100 from her wallet. Because the Metro Access bus is dispatched by appointment, authorities were easily able to identify the suspect, who remains at large.
*A 24-year-old Capitol Hill resident has a hobby: He goes to various stores in a local shopping center, locks himself in the restroom and turns on the water, ignoring commands to come out. After the third, most recent incident (on the 27th), he was booked into King County Jail for investigation of criminal trespass.
*At the end of the workday on Nov. 27th, a laborer working on a Beach Drive job discovered that his lunch box had been taken from his work truck. The thief’s main course: The victim’s driver’s, hunting and professional licenses, a debit card and a credit card. For dessert? A .45 caliber handgun.
==============.
7 Comments
Sorry, comment time is over.
All contents copyright 2005-2015, A Drink of Water and a Story Interactive. Here's how to contact us.
Header image by Nick Adams. ABSOLUTELY NO WSB PHOTO REUSE WITHOUT SITE OWNERS' PERMISSION.
Entries and comments feeds. ^Top^
Oh this just breaks my heart that somebody can be this sad to want to take their own life…I hope the man gets the help he needs to pull through the turmoil he is going through right now.
My thoughts are with you.
Comment by payrollgirl — 12:44 pm December 5, 2013 #
Was the gun stolen from an unlocked truck, or a locked truck?
Comment by Community Member — 1:13 pm December 5, 2013 #
This is always a hard time of year for many people. I’m so glad that someone took note, called for help, and that he is still here. I hope too, that he gets the help and support he needs to overcome the difficulties and sadness that life often brings. It does get better.
Comment by Kravitz — 6:52 pm December 5, 2013 #
I am thankful the police kept cool heads and acted with compassion in these instances.
Comment by burb — 8:25 pm December 5, 2013 #
I called 911 when I saw that man and his car at the top of the high rise and was told that it had already been reported. The last time I saw a car parked at the peak, I called 911 as well. The woman didn’t jump that day but did return and jump the next day. If you see someone pulled over at the peak, please notify authorities. I’d like to think that passers by saved this man this time.
Comment by Wes — 9:16 pm December 5, 2013 #
I wonder if the police got Seattle Animal Shelter involved in the case where the man was allegedly hitting a cat with a belt. Poor kitty. :-(
Comment by Ms. Picky — 1:23 pm December 6, 2013 #
Good call Ms Picky
Comment by Brenda — 8:39 pm December 6, 2013 #The Isle of Man have sent 84 people to Bermuda for the 15th Island Games
Island Games 2013: Gymnasts claim first Manx gold
The women's gymnastics team has won the Isle of Man's first gold medal at the NatWest Island Games in Bermuda.
Nicole Burns, Emily Dale-Beeton, Grace Harrison, Rebecca Johnson, Aoife Donnelly and Tara Donnelly claimed gold in the combined floor and vault.
Donnelly, 16, said: "We're really happy. It's been a great day and we performed well as a team."
Their gold was one of five medals won by the 84-strong Manx team on the opening day of competition.
.jpg)
The men's cycling team won silver in the road race
"We had no idea we would win gold and we are delighted. We knew Bermuda would be very strong in front of their home crowd but we just did our best," said 14-year-old Dale-Beeton.
"It was really hot and the gym had no air conditioning but we cheered each other on."
The island's first medal was won by cyclist Andrew Roche, who took the bronze in the men's 100km road race, while they also won silver in the team event
Roche, who is competing in his 10th Games, said: "It was tight all the way and I there were some exceptional performances in our team.
"The heat was incredible and we will learn from that ahead of Thursday's time trial."
There were also bronze medals in the triathlon and ladies' tennis.
The five medals put the Isle of Man were fifth in the medal table, which is headed by hosts Bermuda, the Faroe Islands and Guernsey, who are the three largest teams at the Games.
Due to the expense of travelling to Bermuda, the island's team is around half the size of the team that won 26 gold medals in the Isle of Wight in 2011.
More than 2,000 competitors from over 24 islands around the world compete in 16 sports over six days.
The Isle of Man team will compete in 11 sports including cycling, tennis and athletics.
The Island Games in Bermuda runs from 13-19 July.Corps de Ballet member Jake Mangakahia goes on a hiatus in 2014. He’ll travel to Toronto, Canada, as a missionary for the Church of Latter Day Saints, or Mormons.
What will your mission involve?
Basically it’s looking for opportunities to serve people and communities. And while you’re doing that, they’ll ask you why you’re there and what you’re doing, and that’s when you can teach them about the values and ethics of Jesus Christ and what we believe in, if they want to hear it. For me, having the church in my life has been really awesome. I want to share that with people. Going on this mission is one of those once-in-a-lifetime opportunities where you can forget about bills and all the mundane things, and totally focus on people.
I was walking in Sydney with a friend who had been on a mission, and we walked past this community school. It was all grown-over, and I said to him, “So if I was on a mission, could I walk up to them and say, ‘Could we help? Could we mow your lawns?’” And he said, “Yeah, that’s what it’s all about.”
I love being able to contribute to a community and make it beautiful – that’s what I love about the arts. It contributes to society in a way that not many people notice, but they can feel.
Is missionary work compulsory in your church?
No, there are a few people in the Church that don’t go on missions. It’s more of a great option that we have than a compulsory thing.
You’re planning on returning to The Australian Ballet in two years, when your mission finishes. How will you continue your dance practice while you’re away?
We have to do an hour of compulsory exercise anyway, so I’ll be able to use that time. Sue [Susan Mayes, Principal Physiotherapist at The Australian Ballet] will ask if I can have an extra half an hour to an hour a day, and maybe I can go to a studio and do a class once a week. Then, as my mission is nearing its end, I’ll try to do class more than once a week, so that I’m ready. I also hope to have correspondence with my teachers in the company – I’ll video myself doing exercises, and they can give me feedback on things like my alignment.
Basically I’ll be concentrating on cardio and flexibility. I feel like I will lose some fitness, but hopefully maintain stability, control and my intrinsic musculature. In the company [that work] only takes half an hour every day before class. It’s just the fitness and the “doing it” [dancing] that will ease down a bit. But once I get closer to coming back, the momentum will pick up. I think it’s going to be interesting to see what my body does. But I feel like it’s going to be fine.
Another thing that’s encouraging: I’ve heard that Robert Cohan [founder and Artistic Director of The Place, London Contemporary Dance School and London Contemporary Dance Theatre] felt that since leaving [full-time dance], his workload has gone down, so a lot of his global muscles don’t have to work as much and he can really use the finer-tuned ones. And he’s found that he’s had more range. So if I can approach it that way – using it as an opportunity to fine-tune those muscles that we really look for, and let the global muscles (that are used because we have such high-demand work) go, and possibly get more range out of that – I think that’s a great thing.
What are looking forward to most about your mission?
It’s funny because people think we’re crazy for doing this, especially when you have a career you love. And I’ve just bought an apartment; I won the Telstra People’s Choice Award last year; things are going so well … and they think it’s so crazy because you’re leaving all that.
When someone loses everything, you find out who you really are. I feel like this is an opportunity not to lose everything, but leave everything, and find out who I am and while doing that, give to other people. Lots of people do that when they leave work and travel or get a new job, and I feel this is an opportunity to do that, to really find out who I am. I wish everyone could do that.
What will you miss most about The Australian Ballet?
Many things! I started in [The Australian Ballet School] with Cameron [Hunter], Jade [Wood], Richard [House], Tim [Harford] – and we’ve been together for years, so they’re kind of like brothers and sisters to me. So it is going to be hard leaving them, but I can keep in contact with them. Cameron said he’s just so excited for me – and a lot of other people in the company have said that too. They’ve actually said some really beautiful things that have affected me, and I’d like to thank them for their support and their love.
I’d also like to say to my colleagues, but also to the public, how amazing The Australian Ballet is. The company does its best to help the dancers and staff fulfill their dreams, and that is something that I appreciate so much and am so grateful for.
I’ll miss the music and the State Theatre stage and dancing at the Opera House. I’ll miss Super Quiz Tuesdays in the common room – Adam Bull usually pulls out The Age. I’ve done a little cartoon of it. I’ve sketched a few pictures of teachers, to say thank you to them.
What happens next?
I’ll go to a Mission Training Centre in Utah, spend two weeks there and then go to Canada. It’ll be freezing!
From everyone at The Australian Ballet – all the best with your new adventures, Jake, and we look forward to welcoming you home!
Jake, it is encouraging to hear how excited you are about this adventure. Keep “seeking 1st His Kingdom and His righteousness”, which is given to us as a free gift, and cannot be earned. You have been inspiring to watch, and we pray God will continue to strengthen you and bless you with joy in all aspects of your life. We will miss watching you over the next two years, but are glad to have you as a Ballet role model.
As one of your fans I will miss watching you. I. However admire and support your decision and I learn another side of you. It was on the Caprice FB that I learnt of this decision. Best of luck to you and stay warm.
Best of luck Jake. May I suggest that you get in touch with The National Ballet of Canada in Toronto and ask if you can take class with them every day. It would certainly keep you in shape and who know where it might lead.
What a shame, this will take 4 years out of an already short dancing career; two on his mission and two to get back to the same level that he was before he left.
I am very impressed with the decision of this obviously talented dancer. Jake will be blessex beond measure for making this choice, when he returns home his options and opportunities will be limitless!! His body will have had rest from all the years of rigorous training and because he missed dancing so much he will dance better than before, with more strength, more confidence and more joy!! Going on an LDS mission will be one of the best decisions of his life!! The Lord will bless him beyond anything he could do on his own!!
That was supposed to say blessed, dir!Stay connected and sign-up for emails to get exclusive deals and event info. Onyx Reserve is a medium bodied maduro that utilizes the finest Connecticut broadleaf maduro wrapper. The extra aging process involved in the fermentation of this maduro wrapper gives the Onyx Reserve a toasty aroma and leaves a slight sweetness on the finish. Each cigar in the line is box pressed making it extremely comfortable to smoke..”
“I bought one of these from a local shop today and it was fantastic. I am some what new to cigar smoking but this is one of the best I have ever had.”
“Very nice, smooth and rich. Leaves and toasty flavor for hours. I must say, this cigar is a wonderful smoke with strong morning coffee.”
“I enjoyed it. Wasn''t nasty for a black maduro like I was expecting. My fiance made me go change when I came inside, which she has never done before so non-smokers might think they''re stinky.”
“Smoked through an entire box, quality and construction consistent, 1-20. Decent value, worth the price. Rated 88 in Oct 2005 CA, which, to my taste, is more accurate than the 94 rating here.”Why
(MORE: Are Your Fruits and Veggies Bursting with Flavor? Thank the Drought)
Recipe: Dr. Janet’s Roasted Beets with Lemon Vinaigrette
Yield: 6 servings
Ingredients
6 beets,
Spray a baking dish with nonstick cooking spray. Place the beets in the dish and cover tightly with foil. Bake the beets for about 1 hour or until tender when pierced with a fork or thin knife. Remove.
Nutrition per serving (1 beet with 1 teaspoon vinaigrette):
Calories: 69
Fat: 6 g (EPA 0 g, DHA 0 g, ALA < 1 g)
Sodium: 222 mg
Carbohydrates: 4 g
Dietary fiber: 1 g
Sugars: <1 g
Protein: 1 g
Recipe excerpted from Prevent a Second Heart Attack by Janet Bond Brill, Ph.D., R.D., LDN (Three Rivers Press, February 2011). To learn more about this book, visit DrJanet.com or PreventaSecondHeartAttack.com.”
How about getting rid of the NC-17, since it’s a well known blacklist label for indie films that would otherwise qualify as R or even PG-13.
‘Parents Org’? An interesting choice of phrase. Since most adults are parents almost any group could be called a ‘Parents Org’.
Trying to curb real violence by curbing imaginary violence is magical thinking of the most primitive kind. For example, absolutely NOBODY was killed in ‘LIVE FREE OR DIE HARD’. Nobody has EVER been killed in a movie except in very rare accidents. Many children seem to know that simple fact better than do some adults.
It isn’t about censorship, or lack of parenting. The rating system for motion pictures is not run by the government, it is run by the MPAA. No one forced them to use base abbreviations (PG, etc.) to rate film content. That is their choice. I am not even a parent but I think those rating should accurately reflect the overall adult content of a film. What has parents upset is that because studios believe an R rating is bad for box office they haven’t reduced violent content, the MPAA has simply gotten far more lax about giving extreme violence a PG-13 rating.
31 people were killed in Live Free or Die Hard (most shot, but some had necks broken or were thrown into ventilation fans, etc.) and it was PG-13. The Dark Knight was violent and scary in the first 2 acts and then got downright gruesome as the villain appeared on screen over and over with his face burned off and eyeball nearly hanging out. It was rated PG-13. I could list hundreds of recent examples.
The Hammer is a sweet indy comedy about golden gloves boxing with no deaths or sex and is rated R for literally a couple of F-words.
Were I a parent I would be outraged by the ratings system too.
How about we just get rid of the ratings system completely, and replace it with a better system: PARENTS! Parents cannot shelter their kids from everything in the world (sorry fundamentalists), but just because someone is hurt by something doesn’t mean we have to sacrifice a director’s vision for that golden PG rating or to be “PC”. Parents Org, stop whining and listen: if you don’t like violent movies, GREAT! Don’t let your kids watch them. But don’t ruin things for the people who DO like those movies. It seems all you want to see is a predictable happy world where theres sun-shining rainbows, everyone is equal, with cheesy humor and politically correct dialogue and characters.
The best thing you could probably do is to tell your kids about fact and fiction, and teach them about responsibility with the situations brought up in a movie. Political correctness will be the downfall of our society.
Anyone remember Dee Snider vs the PMRC? This is just like it. Thank God Dee had a brain in his head.
The last thing we need is government intervention in an industry self-regulated ratings system. Our present system is not perfect, but I remember how bad things were getting with local municipalities steeping into the matter the year before GMRX appeared in November of 1968.
We now add fairly detailed content explanation boxes at the bottom of our ratings blocks. What more do they want? Censorship?
Sure, as filmmakers, we want more “consistency”. But, as it stands, the system is no way nearly as bad as it could be.
Tread carefully here.
I have often felt the same, especially nowadays, these ratings seem to mean nothing. I think that it would be a good idea to reevaluate these ratings, because when it comes to R and PG-13 there really isn’t much difference. I remember reading a long time ago, if there was 1, only 1, F-word in a movie it automatically made it rated R, but that is certainly not the case anymore…Global Art Market
Art is globally recognized as a powerful asset class, having consistently beaten equity growth over the last 50 years.
Philippines ORIG COMIC ART Unknown Artist MARKET LOVERS
The Indian Art market is growing at 30-35% annually is currently worth Rs 3000 crores, making it the 4th most buoyant art market in the world. In the last five years, the total auction market size of Indian art has changed from $5 million in 2003 to nearly $150 million in 2008. In the European circuit, Indian art today is commanding a value which is 300-400 % higher than what it was 4-5 years ago, breaking new price records in sales & auctions the world over. Indian market one of the most promising environments for modern and contemporary art in recent times.
Born out of beauty and curated with passion, Breathe Arts is an online art portal providing access, by invitation only, to the finest modern, contemporary and tribal Indian art, and coveted artist's works at very attractive prices. With our vision to take Indian Art to the global plane, Breathe Arts acts as an intermediary between Indian Artists and global audience for contemporary and modern Indian art.
At Breathe Arts, we not only make transparent the procedure of acquiring Indian art but invite curators to curate shows especially for the online space. Breathe Arts promotes a wide range of paintings, sculptures, photographs, film memorabilia and installations of Indian artists in the emerging, developing, established, and blue chip range at attractive prices.
Investment or eye-candy, for the fledgling and seasoned collector, Breathe Arts offers respected opinions, attractive pricing and efficient online transactions. Breathe Arts is also the safest art trading platform in the industry with unique escrow facilities for high value transactions that lend our clients the highest level of security.
Original fine art photo - Ecuador Cuenca cat in marketTooling for Service Mix 4
This presentation will walk you through the development and deployment of a sample application based on Apache Service Mix 4. After a short overview of the Service Mix 4 architecture and principles we will use the Eclipse based FUSE Integration Designer to design and implement a sample workflow. We will then package this workflow up into OSGi bundles and demonstrate how to deploy those via a central Maven repository into a given Service Mix instance instance.And if the GLEE cast could join her on stage for a couple of songs, it may just need to be carried out like one of the girls you hear about at the Beatles concerts.
Here's the kicker: I don't even like Country music!
My son has a thing for Taylor Swift songs, so I enjoy the few I've downloaded & I can stand to let a Lady Antebellum song play through without changing the station, but I've tried & tried to like it but it's not happening.
I'm not sure what makes me more of an outcast my not liking alcohol or country music.
Trust me, I've tried all different kinds and still, it's not my thing; neither thing.
Here's the other thing:
I cried & cried & I cried so much the 3 napkins I had access to turned into crumbs stuck to my ruffled sweater. I know it wasn't meant to be a sad movie from the first 20 minutes in. Blame it on pregnancy hormones or that it was my first date with my husband in months or because music, really good music just gets to me that way, but I cried almost the whole way through.
And the scenes meant to pull your heartstrings, like the elementary school visit, forget it! I hear Travis on the album & fight back tears.
I don't even like country music!
The movie itself? It's disturbing, really. As it's an honest depiction of substance abuse, toxic relationships, and poor self esteem.
The actors can do more than act, and do it so well, I'm truly hoping they'll be compelled to do a concert tour.
See the trailer here.
Or just take my word for it, grab your girlfriends or your man & see it. See it for the music.
Wow! Great review! I am a closet country music lover (okay it's really no secret) and I'm anxious to see this!(Or NICHOLAS NIGER.)
The latinized form of the name of the old Danish cartographer Claudius Claussön Swart, born in the village of Salling, on the Island of Fünen, 14 September, 1388; date of death unknown. He was the first man to make a map of North-Western Europe, which, moreover, included the first map of Greenland. He was apparently an ecclesiastic. In the course of his frequent journeys he went to Italy, where in 1424 he aroused much interest among the Humanists of Rome by announcing that in the Cistercian monastery of Soroe, near Roeskilde, he had seen three large volumes which contained the "Ten Decades" of Livy; according to his own statement he had read the titles of the chapters ( decem Livii decades, quarum capita ipse legisset ). Through his intercourse with the Humanists he became acquainted with the maps and descriptions of Ptolemy, and was thus led to supplement the work of Ptolemy by adding to it a chart and description of the North-West country. Clavus first turned his knowledge of Scandinavia and Greenland to account in the geographical drawing and description which has been preserved in the Ptolemy manuscript of 1427 of Cardinal Filiaster. The manuscript is now in the public library of Nancy. Descriptions of it have been repeatedly given by Waitz, Nordenskjold, Storm and others. The facsimile of Clavus's map and his description of the parts contained, which were published by Nordenkiold and Storm, show that he gave Greenland and Iceland the correct geographical position, namely, west of the Scandinavian Peninsula.
Far more important, however, for the history of cartography is the second map and description of North-Western Europe and Greenland that Clavus produced. As yet, unfortunately, the original of this work has not been found, nor does any copy contain both the map and the description. This second map has been preserved in the works of the German cartographers, Donnus Nicholas Germanus and Henricus Martellus Germanus, who lived at Florence in the second half of the fifteenth century. Until recently, second descriptive text belonging to the map has only been known by the citations of Schoner and Friedlieb (Irenicus); the complete text was not known until it was found by Bjornbo in two codices in the imperial library at Vienna. Bjornbo's discovery is especially important as it is now certain that Claudius Clavus was actually in Greenland and that he claims to have pushed his journey along the west coast as far as 70°10' N. lat. Another fact that lends importance to this discovery is that an explanation has at last been found for the incomprehensible names on the old maps of Greenland. Local names in Greenland and lceland, so entirely different from those that appear in the Icelandic sagas, for a long time served the defenders of the zeni as an argument that the map of Greenland was the work of the elder Zeno. It is now clear from the list of names given by Clavus that the Icelandic names on the map are not the real designations of places, but merely the names of Runic characters. In the same manner, when he came to Greenland, Claudius Clavus used the recessive words of the first stanza of an old Danish folk-song, the scene of which is laid in Greenland, to designate the headlands and rivers that seemed to him most worthy of note as he sailed from the north-east coast of coast. In the linguistic form of the words the dialect of the Island of Fünen is still evident. The discovery also makes clear how the younger Zeno was able to add to the forged story of a journey made in 1558 a comparatively correct map of the northern countries, and how he came to make use of the lines beginning: Thaer boer eeynh manh ij eyn Groenenlandz aa etc., which run in English:There lives a man on Greenland's stream,
The second map of Clavus exercised a great influence on the development of cartography. As Clavus in drawing his map of North-Western Europe and Greenland made use of all authorities to be had in his time, e.g. Ptolemy's portolanos (marine maps) and itineraries, so the map-makers of succeeding centuries adopted his map, either directly or indirectly: thus, in the fifteenth century, Donnus Nicholas Germanus and Henricus Martellus; in the sixteenth century, Waldseemuller, Nicolò Zeno, Rusclli, Moletius, Ramusio, Mercator, Ortelius ; in the seventeenth century, Hondius, Blaeu, and others; in the eighteenth century, Homann and his successors. It is evident that scarcely any other map has exerted so permanent an influence as of Greenland by Claudius Clavus, "the first cartographer of AmericBear and the Steelhead: The carvings on this bench, entitled Bear and the Steelhead, depict a story from the Salish people of the northwestern United States and British Columbia. The story teaches respect for natural cycles, represented by the salmon's annual migration upriver from the sea to freshwater breeding grounds. This totem bench was carved by Jewell James of the House of Tears Carvers, Lummi Nation, Bellingham, WA.
Courtesy J.S.A Photographyadvanced search CEP
0
Items In Cart
Total: $0.00
Lifetime 1256 42" Procourt impact backboard is virtually indestructible!
1256 Basketball Hoops Backboard is provides excellent durability and an all weather nylon net.
Lifetimes 3-inch Telescoping Pole adjusts the rim height from 7.5
to 10 feet in 6-inch increments without the use of tools. additional cement required in your Basketball
Court or driveway for your Lifetime 1256 Portable Basketball Hoops.
PORTABLE BASKETBALL POST FEATURES:
42-inch Impact Backboard
Classic Standard Rim
Portable Basketball Net Included
3-Inch Telescoping Pole
Adjustable Poles Adjust from 7.5 to 10 Feet in 6-Inch Increments
Pro Court 26-Gallon Portable Base
View info about our
basketball
equipment, hoops and portable basketball goals
Competitive Edge Products is an authorized reseller of Lifetime Products
View New Items
Competitive Edge Products, IncThe west-facing beach/reef breaks of El Golfo and Playa de Janubio are so exposed to swell and strong currents that they are usually too dangerous to surf. The ultra hollow, sucky reefs may look inviting but the reality is they are usually unmakeable. Rips are strong and the line-up is disorganised – avoid.
1 Jan 15:00
51842013 ORS § 291.371¹
Salary plan review by legislative review agency
- • approval for position reallocation
- • biennial reports by certain agencies
- • transfer of vacant position authority
(1) As used in this section, legislative review agency means the Joint Committee on Ways and Means during the period when the Legislative Assembly is in session and the Emergency Board or the Joint Interim Committee on Ways and Means during the interim period between sessions.
(2) Prior to making any changes in a salary plan, the Oregon Department of Administrative Services shall submit the proposed changes to the legislative review agency.
(3)(a) The Oregon Department of Administrative Services may approve the reallocation of positions or the establishment of new positions not specifically provided for in the budget of the affected agency if it finds that the proposed change:
(A) Can be financed by the agency within the limits of its biennial budget and legislatively approved program;
(B) Will not produce future budgetary increases; and
(C) Conforms to legislatively approved salary policies.
(b) Proposed changes not meeting the requirements of paragraph (a) of this subsection shall be presented to the legislative review agency.
(4) Agencies within the Department of Human Services, the Oregon Health Authority and the Department of Corrections shall report on a biennial basis to the legislative review agency. Each report shall include the number of vacant budgeted positions, including all job categories and classifications, within the agency. The legislative review agency shall order the reporting agency to show cause why the budgeted positions have not been filled and shall assess fully the impact the vacancies have on:
(a) The agencys delivery of services, accounting for any seasonal fluctuation in the need for those services;
(b) The agencys budget due to increased use of overtime;
(c) The agencys use of temporary employees; and
(d) Employee workload.
(5) It is declared to be the policy of this state that the total personal services, budget and full-time equivalent positions approved for any state agency shall be the maximum amount necessary to meet the requirements of the agency for the biennium. Notwithstanding ORS 291.232 (Declaration of policy) to 291.260 (Approving, modifying or disapproving requests and budgets to be submitted to the federal government), the Governor and the Oregon Department of Administrative Services may transfer vacant position authority among and within state agencies to achieve maximum utilization of authorized positions within agencies. [1973 c.49 §1; 1985 c.713 §1; 1989 c.960 §1; 1993 c.724 §13; 1995 c.452 §16; 2009 c.595 §202; 2010 c.107 §1; 2012 c.107 §103]KLEEN-BORE INC Anti-Corrosion Gun Storage Bags
Kleen-Bore Large Storage Bag
These unique bags incorporate the 21st century technology of vapor corrosion inhibitors (VCI's) to blanket your firearm with an invisible shield from corrosive atmospheres for up to three years. The 6 mil. bags offer a non-toxic, non-flammable and environmentally safe alternative for firearm storage and preservation. Available in two sizes for handguns and long guns.
SPECIFICATIONS:Mfg Item Num: RIL219 Category: GUNCASES & BAGS Type :Gun Storage BagsColor :RedDimensions :14" X 54"Material :PlasticFinish :Vapor Corrosion Inhibitors (inside)Getting a commercial driver’s license in Tennessee requires that you follow a set process. You need to pass a medical and vision exam, get your permit and pay fees, then you need to pass the CDL exam itself. However, getting CDL or commercial drivers license training is an essential part of the process as well, ensuring you’ll be trained and ready for the exam and for a career on the open road. If you’re concerned about affording it, financing is available.
CDL Training in Tennessee
Paying for CDL or commercial driver’s license training out of pocket can be rather expensive. Average costs in the U.S. stand at about $4,000. It would take some time to save up for the tuition fees. This would delay your training considerably, and delay the start of your new career. If you’re between jobs, this can be unacceptable.
Commercial Driver’s License (CDL) Financing Options
Thankfully, numerous CDL training financing options exist, so you can have the cost of the training greatly subsidized. Several state and federal grants exist, like the Workforce Investment Act. This can include funding from several different areas like Dislocated Worker, Vocational Rehabilitation, and the Trade Adjustment Act.
Veterans have the G.I. Bill. The G.I. Bill actually pays for some of your CDL training, housing, and related expenses.
If you don’t meet the requirements for these programs, you can always get a personal loan, or opt for financing offered by many of the commercial driver’s license schools in Tennessee. Many have internal financing you can take advantage of.
One way or another, you’ll get your CDL training. We can make sure of that! Give us a call at 1-800-TRUCKER or apply online for more information.All posts tagged "Alexis Baish"
- Baish attends National Career Exploration Camp
ROCHESTER, N.Y.—Alexis Baish of Sugar Grove, a junior this fall at Central High School in Burlington, Ill., recently participated in Explore Your Future, a six-day career exploration camp at the National Technical Institute for the Deaf on...
- Posted August 24, 2013From Sheena Wellington of Friends of Wighton:
Wighton Heritage Centre, Central Library : Lunchtime Recital
Wednesday 4th September at 1.15pm
Ewen Sutherland, singer
Admission free, donations welcome
Ewen Sutherland, is a warm-voiced singer and accomplished guitarist of the greatest skill and sensitivity
Dundee born but brought up in Blairgowrie, Ewen became interested in folk music young and formed the band Puddock's Well with school friend Dougie MacLean. More recently he has been a member of the Gallivanters Ceilidh Band, founder member of The Keekin Glass and a regular performer at clubs, hotels and hospitals.
For more than two decades, he has been Sheena Wellington's accompanist of choice and together they have appeared at clubs, concerts & festivals across the UK.
His solo CD Pearls of Scotland has received very favourable reviews and is much in demand at gigs.Short Story by BomluvsTOP
Posted: Jan 5, 2012
So this was inspired by the song Straight To You by Josh...
Hey there! ^-^ thx for coming and checking out my profile. I hope to put a lot of stories on... Not going so well right nowxP so busy... About me: im a twin fav color: purple, black^^ Im a Leo I like to draw, write and listen to music a lot! Im in color guard at my school, im a rifle, flag, and a saber^^I LOVE kpop! My favkpop bands are: Big Bang, 2ne1, SHINee, MissA, Boyfriend and TVXQ. :3 Movies:Movies: Mulan, The day after tomorrow, Tranformers, The Phantom of the Opera, Iron Man, Despicable Me Shows: Law and Order SVU!!!!!!!!, Avatar the last Airbender, So you think you can dance!!!!!!!!!! Music: Adele, Apocaliptica, Srkrillex, Bass Hunter, Big Bang, Breaking Benjamin, Cascada, Christina Agulera, Christina Perri, Cold Play, Daft Punk, Daughter, Deadmau5, Emmy Rossum, Escape The Fate, Evanesene, Fly Leaf, Frou Frou, G Dragon, TOP, Gwen Stefani, Imogene Heap, Josh Groban, Kanon Wakeshima, Kate Nash, Katy Perry, Kerli, Leona Lewis, Linkin Park, Maroon 5, Metallica, Metric, Muse, My Chemical Romance, Natasha Bedingfield, Never Shout Never, Nickleback, No doubt, Vocaloid, Panic at the disco, The Rasmus, Rihanna, Sara Bareilles, tATu, Taeyang, Thousand Foot Krutch, 3 Days Grace, Utada Hikaru, 2NE1 Books: Life as we knew it, house of night series, twighlight series, Need series, Vampire academy series, Iron king, The Mortal Instuments series, Bad Girls Dont Die, Elphame's Choice, Memoirs of a Geisha, and many more!
You must be logged in to register.Dancetime Publications // 2011 // 48 Minutes // Not Rated
Reviewed by Judge Bryan Byun (Retired) // March 5th, 2011
"Baroque dance is the masterful manipulation of a living puppet, and I am that puppet."
Baroque Dance Unmasked is a glimpse into a dance workshop headed by Catherine Turocy, artistic director of the New York Baroque Dance Company and one of the leading authorities on Baroque dance. Not quite a documentary or an instructional video, Baroque Dance Unmasked provides a brief summary of the art form for newcomers, as well as an overview of the dance workshop process.
Baroque dance differs from contemporary ballet and dance in that, rather than attempting to modernize and reinvent itself, its goal is to reconstruct and preserve a form of dance that is nearly 300 years old. This reconstruction is no mean feat -- while we have examples of Baroque era painting and sculpture, and sheets of music scores to tell us how Baroque music should be played, how does one faithfully replicate dance movements and gestures that no one has witnessed in centuries?
Turocy and other students of Baroque dance therefore refer to themselves as dance reconstructors, investigators who delve into the writings of the time in search of dance treatises, notation systems, ballet transcripts, and any reports or descriptions of dances they can find. From the available evidence, they have resurrected this long-dead art form and the culture around it, recreating a small, vivid piece of the past.
Being completely ignorant of Baroque dance, I was afraid this DVD would be impenetrably esoteric, but Turocy and company do a terrific job of introducing the topic to a newcomer. The program gives us a nickel tour of the workshop process, with instructional segments by the workshop coaches -- Turocy, Deda Cristina Colonna, Carlos Fittante, and Derek Clifford -- and workshop participants, explaining the philosophy, structure, and techniques of Baroque dance.
What I found most fascinating about Baroque dance is that it's not just a particular style of dance, but an entire lifestyle; in order to fully inhabit the aesthetic of the Baroque period, participants must practice many different, integrated skills -- dance, acting, fencing, singing, and music. Just as the gentlemen and ladies of this period were expected to be familiar with all aspects of Baroque culture, so do the present-day practitioners of Baroque style completely immerse themselves in this world.
Baroque Dance Unmasked does an excellent job of describing Baroque culture, and the philosophy and ideas behind Baroque dance. This style of dance is all about storytelling -- Baroque dances were physical representations of story-poems, and every gesture was imbued with meaning -- upward motions signifying nobility, for instance, while downward movements implied cowardice. In the workshop practice scenes, we see how the dancers train their limbs and facial expressions to be intimately connected to the story they're telling, and it's remarkable to see excerpts of the actual dances and see how that body consciousness so powerfully conveys emotion.
The DVD of Baroque Dance Unmasked is a digital transfer of an older, apparently VHS program, and looks pretty dated, with a soft image, scan lines, and slightly washed out colors. However, it's still extremely watchable, without any evident defects beyond the limitations of its source. Audio, likewise, is a little flat, but not to the point of distraction. The DVD is divided into a "Workshop Menu" (the main feature) and a "Performance Menu," a selection of excerpts from a Baroque dance performance which comprises the disc's extra features.
As someone who has next to no knowledge of the subject, and isn't a fan of dance in general, I was surprised to find myself engrossed and engaged by this DVD. It's fascinating to see people challenging their bodies to inhabit a persona and world from centuries past. And it's a pretty amazing thing that there are still people who are interested in this art form, and committing their lives to reconstructing, learning and performing it. It may not be the most accessible of the arts, but there's much about it that is compelling, and so much of its traditions and values are largely unknown to our culture today.
Not guilty.
Review content copyright © 2011 Bryan Byun; Site layout and review format copyright © 1998 - 2015 HipClick Designs LLC
Scales of Justice
Judgment: 80
Perp Profile
Studio: Dancetime Publications
Video Formats:
* 1.78:1 Anamorphic
Audio Formats:
* Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo (English)
Subtitles:
* None
Running Time: 48 Minutes
Release Year: 2011
MPAA Rating: Not Rated
Distinguishing Marks
* Dance Excerpts
Accomplices
* Official SiteI swear, I don't understand where the commie 5th column finds these idiot bootlickers who are so lacking in common sense and all logic. But they're doing this constitution bashing crap on NPR, the BBC, and especially the NYT. They are the marionettes of the martinets.
HAVE THESE FOOLS EVER EVEN READ THE DAMN DOCUMENT? I have. Here's a clue: We have what rights we do have left because of this document. It's protecting us from our own government, so we don't fall into a tyranny where we don't even get to ask for Vaseline when they tell us to bend over.
I guess they think that they'll be afforded a cushy position by the new dictator they enthroned for helping bring it about. But what really happens when a tyrant takes over is they KILL the useful idiot intellectuals, along with the dissidents like me; and then they get down to some serious killing of everyone else.
While the idea of being able to witness Piers Morgan or this other idiot getting shot in the head by his own handlers and left to rot outside the gates a few minutes before I fall to the same fate is appealing in its own Pyrrhic way, we must NOT let that happen. I would have reluctantly said that they have the Constitutional right to keep shitting from their mouths, except anyone who tries to enslave us by lobbying for the removal of the Constitution is really doing subversion and not the kind of free speech that the document they bash can protect while they bash it.
New ADS-B Filter with Built in Bias Tee Available
11 minutes agoPicture: Justin Bieber posted this image of on Twitter with his new tattoo with the caption: 'new tattoo its a crown if you couldn't tell '
"I had a teacher tell me... 'I have 30 students and one - when he's good the whole class is good and when he's bad the whole class is bad.'" Justin Bieber's mother Pattie Mallette on her son's school problems before he became a star. The pop star reveals he was suspended from school a number of times before his success prompted his parents and management to hire a travelling tutor.American Forces Press Service
TAJI, Iraq, March 11, 2009 The first M1114 Humvee to be completely rebuilt at the Taji National Maintenance Depot here rolled out of the Main Wheel Assembly and Disassembly facility last week, marking a significant milestone for the facility dubbed the “Wheel Depot.”
The vehicle, nicknamed “Project One,” was rebuilt by Iraqi army mechanics in their third month of a six-month, supervised, on-the-job-training program at the maintenance depot, said Air Force Lt. Col. William Donovan, Multinational Security Transition Command Iraq's depot program manager.
“Today, the Wheel Depot displayed its capability to rebuild, to depot-level standards, an M1114 Humvee that will eventually patrol the highways of Iraq, thus placing the country under a blanket of security,” he said. “The M1114 rebuild capability has finally reached fruition."
Project One is the first vehicle to run through the Wheel Depot from the staging yard through disassembly, reassembly, inspection, test drive, and return to the staging yard, ready for reissue back to the Iraqi army, Vince Sabatino, a program manager, said.
Project One began its journey through the rebuilding process Dec. 13 and was completed, except for inspection, Feb. 27, he said.
"Today we have proven that the Iraqi army will be able to sustain its growing fleet of Humvees once the depot is completed and coalition forces depart,” Iraqi army Brig. Gen. Shalal, depot commander, said at the ceremony commemorating the rollout of Project One. “I am very proud of all the work that went into making Project One successful."
The depot is scheduled to be completed and transitioned to full Iraqi control Jan. 1.
The depot development process began in June 2006 with have been working with Multinational Security Transition Command Iraq personnel and multiple contractors throughout the development process.
(From a Multinational Security Transition Command Iraq news release.)Vacation rental house. Sleeps 8, 3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms. Cats, Dogs allowed.
1425 Laird St
Key West, FL 33040
United States
***Due to licensing restrictions, this property requires a minimum stay of 28 nights.***
This well-manicured, "home away from home" is two stories of wonderful! It has 3 bedrooms, 3 baths and has a colorful, comfortable style. The traditional white picket fence greets you when you arrive. Though, it's only a glimpse of the wonder that awaits you.
Beyond the fence is a beautiful two story home providing three beautiful bedrooms with queen beds in each. The living room also provides a queen-sized sleeper sofa. With all of this house's possibilities, it can sleep up to 8 comfortably. All in an impressive
1956 sq ft.!
Central air, ceiling fans, a full sized laundry area, a fully equipped, well-appointed kitchen, and an outdoor grill are all provided for your use and comfort during your stay with us. These are just a sample of the many comforts that await you.
The first floor includes the kitchen area, living room, and study area, bar seating, laundry room, a spacious master bedroom, a beautiful full bathroom, and a spiral staircase to get you to the remaining rooms and bathrooms upstairs, in style.
The second floor boasts two beautiful guest bedrooms, two full bathrooms, and access to a furnished outdoor lounging deck which has a great view. The neighborhood is quiet and is away from all of the hustle and bustle of the downtown nightlife but is within
walking distance of the heart of Key West. Walking in the other direction takes you to any number of beaches and the Key West dog park. There is a convenience store located just blocks away. Anything you may need is conveniently available within blocks of
this location.
A stay here also provides you with access to two off-site, heated pools. One is a family, community pool with deck and lounger area and the other is our adults only - 21 Yrs of age and older community pool with a deck and loungeVIEWS: 13 PAGES: 3 CATEGORY: Other POSTED ON: 12/21/2008 Public Domain
"Personal Finance" Reading Number One Sahar Behzad Asiri " 20525160" Fall 2007 Credit Cards The best approach is to cautiously research card rates, fees and reimbursement perhaps even creating a chart for simple assessment. Provide you with the expediency of purchasing authority based on your agreement to pay the full quantity of the charges owing each month, so there are no attention credit cards. The American Express card for undergraduate (the green Card) is an instance of a debit cards. Visa best credit card enjoys unrivaled acceptance approximately the world and Visa/PLUS is single of the world's major international credit finance networks and visa cards offering money right of entry in local currency in additional than 170 countries. This contact is being made in reverence of the proposed reform. The Credit card offers you with a rotating loan or credit limit support on your harmony to pay at least the 0 par due on the quantity of credit you use by the expense date. A finance accuse is applied to apply credit card. The exceptional balance the quantity you do not disburse by the owing date. For example, if you buy $200 in one month and you disburse the minimum quantity due of $15, you will pay finance accuse on the exceptional balance the next month. The low credit cards for undergraduate (the blue Card) are an instance of a credit card. Credit bank of Scotland was recognized in 1695. It is exclusive in being the oldest existing UK clearing bank founded specially to build commerce of banking, and was the first bank in Europe to productively issue paper money. In 2001, Bank of Scotland and Halifax compound to make the HBOS assembly. Barclays Bank primary offered in 1966 by Barclays Bank, Barclaycard was the UK extremely initial credit check approval bank which has its own endorsement structure which is satisfactory all over the world, and several one can apply for credit card and the primary to present credit card service. Today it is conventional in more than 200 countries and is able to be used to remove cash from over 600,000 ATMs and banks crossways the globe Types of Credit Cards Secured Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards Rewards Credit Cards Bad Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Credit card number These recognize the credit card fraud organization that provided the card to the card owner. The respite of the number is allocated by the provider. The credit cards numbers extent is its figures of digits. In 2004, MasterCard and Diner's Club shaped a coalition. Cards issued in Canada as well as the USA begin with 55 and are extravagance as MasterCard internationally. International cards make use of the 36 prefix and are treated as MasterCard in Canada as well as the US, however are treated as Diner's Club cards somewhere else. Diner's Club International's website creates no orientation to aged 38 prefix figures, and they are able to be supposed reissued below the 55 or 36 credit cards number. Successful 2006, a credit card number will at present be using the whole 65 prefix, not immediately 650. Also, alike to the MasterCard/Diner's accord, China Union Pay cards are at the present cared for as Discover cards and acknowledged on the Discover system. A explore on visa credit card number consequences in several orientations to free credit card numbers being 16 figures extended. However, penetrating for references to 13-digit free credit card number will turn up no results. It might be supposed that 13-digit cards no longer survive and have been reissued as number cards; though old accounts possibly will still apply these numbers. Digits 7 to (n - 1) will recognize and tells is your card having fake credit card number or is it a suitable individual account. The utmost extent of a credit card number is 19 digits. Since the first 6 digits of a credit card number are the provider identifier, and the last digit is the verify digit, this means that the utmost measurement lengthwise of the account number field is 19 - 7, or 12 digits. Each provider as a result has a trillion 10 rise to the 12th supremacy, or 1,000,000,000,000) probable account figures if it's not similar as on top of then it's feels right to fake credit card numbers. The last digit of my credit card number is a verify digit, similar to a checksum. The algorithm used to reach your destination at the correct verify digit is named the Luhn algorithm, following IBM scientist Hans Luhn, who was honored US official document 2950048 computer for confirming stolen credit card numbers for the method in 1960. The majority of concise reports of the valid credit card numbers I have establish approaches as of the hacker magazine phrack 47- 8. In favor of a MasterCard number by means of a constant number of digits, twice each strange numbered digit and deduct 9 if the manufactured goods is larger than 9. Add up the entire constant digits as well as the twice-odd digits, and the consequence should be a compound of 10 or it's not an applicable card. Credit. Credit Card Providers Visa Cards American Express Discover Cards Master Card Advantage Card Capital One Card Chase Card Citi Card Bank of America Card
Pages to are hidden for
"apply for credit card instant"Please download to view full documentThe.
To continue reading this post originally appearing in The Washington Post, click here.Welcome To RobertDBrown.com Home Of Freelance Concept Artist, Illustrator and Matte Painter Rob Brown.
Read more +30 June 2014 By Rob in Featured Concept Art
Future City Concept Art
Read more +30 June 2014 By Rob in Concept Art, Featured Concept Art
Interior Concept Art
Read more +29 June 2014 By Rob in Featured Concept Art
Matte Painting
Read more +01 July 2014 By Rob in Concept Art, Featured Concept Art 02
Game Design | Level Design | Concept Art
Read more +29 June 2014 By Rob in Featured Concept Art 02
World Maps and World Design
Read more +26 June 2014 By Rob in Concept Art, Featured Concept Art 02, Photoshop
Pirate Ship concept art.
Concept Art Podcast
Read more +12 February 2015 By Rob in Concept Art Podcast, Uncategorized
Microphone latency problem in WIN 7? FIX
Read more +10 February 2015 By Rob in Beginning Concept Art, Concept Art Podcast
001- Cube Exercise
Read more +12 March 2014 By Rob in Concept Art Podcast
000- 5 things to consider before becoming a concept artist.
Located on the central coast of California, my studio supplies concept art for video games, for film, matte paintings, set extensions, and graphic solutions to many of the industry leaders in games, film and television. My clients include, Electronic Arts (Sims 4), Disney, Riot Games, Sony Pictures, The Mission, Asylum, as well as many independent projects. It is my passion to bring your vision to life.
Feel free to contact me with details about your project.>>
Tarnished Angel
Ethereal Beauty
27 Mar 2008 — 129 views, 3 favorites
Poppy Fields
River of Gold
23 Mar 2008 — 142 views, 3 favorites, 2 comments
Infant No. 1
Brothers Make Good Pillows
23 Mar 2008 — 128 views, 4 favorites, 3 comments
Scarlet Sentinel
23 Mar 2008 — 142 views, 4 favorites, 3 comments
Miracle in My Arms
23 Mar 2008 — 182 views, 5 favorites, 6 comments
In "Fresh"
Ejection Seat
23 Mar 2008 — 113 views, 2 favorites, 2 comments
Spurrin' Yer Ride
King of the Beasts
22 Mar 2008 — 182 views, 3 favorites, 2 comments
In "Danger"?Mohammed Errihani has recently participated in a Workshop on the Arab-Israeli Conflict organized by Tel Aviv University in Israel. The workshop was an intensive two-week academic and travel program that focused on the history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict as well as on contemporary issues related to the broader Middle East.
In addition to participating in academic sessions led by some of the most outstanding Israeli and Palestinian scholars, participants in the workshop had the opportunity to visit some sites of particular relevance to the conflict, such as Tel Aviv, Jaffa, East and West Jerusalem, Haifa, the borders with Gaza, Syria, and Lebanon, as well as one of the largest Israeli settlements in the West Bank. They also met with a representative sample of the Israeli and Palestinian population and had the chance to visit the Knesset and meet with members representing three different parties.
There were 19 participants (mostly professors of history and political science) who took part in this workshop on an invitation-only basis. Participants represented universities in Australia, Canada, Sweden, France, Indonesia, Turkey, Germany, China, and the United States (Harvard, Florida State, Hunter College, Michigan State, Princeton, and University of Texas – Arlington).
This intensive workshop allowed the participants to come away with an in-depth understanding of different perspectives on the Arab-Israeli conflict, with insights into contemporary issues related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and with personal connections to Israeli and Palestinian counterparts as well as to their fellow-participants from around the world.oe Ann / Comments
stopping by to show some love and i subscribed to your Youtube page :) M.L.F.L emily
Hey Zoe - Stopping by to show some love and to thank you for your support. Enjoying “Better Than Revenge ” - Have a great week!
staying cool in the chi town heat wave with your music. best to you and yours support with a hat tip from chicago. g
Well time to wake the boy up and what better way then to crank Better Than Revenge whoooooooo look at him jump... yikes nothing like a 14 year old chasing you around the room
VERY MUCH LIKING YOUR SOUND AND SONG…..BEST…PATTY
So great to listen to your music Zoe Ann...anybody that isn't a fan of yours is either crazy or tone deaf. You are amazing gf!
The pinnacle of coolness..
showing support...enjoying better than revenge
Sam's Rocking with Zoe this morning
Hey there ! Coming back to give your music some more listening on this Sunday Evening ! keep up the amazing work and keep in touch ! Hopefully you enjoy my music just as much as I enjoy yours ! Thank you ! Have a great week !United States Department of Agriculture
Agricultural Research Service
Technical Abstract:
Chicken endogenous virus, ALVE (Avian Leukosis Virus subgroup E), is inherited as LTR (long terminal repeat) retrotransposons, which is negatively correlated with fitness and disease resistance, and any changes in DNA methylation pattern may thus contribute to the susceptibility to neoplastic disease. The relationship between ALVE methylation status and neoplastic disease in the chicken is undefined. Lines 63 and 72 White Leghorn inbred chickens at the ADOL have been respectively selected for resistance and susceptibility to tumors that are induced by avian viruses. In this study, the DNA methylation patterns of 3~6 CpG sites of the four conserved regions in ALVE, including one unique region in ALVE 1, the promoter region in the TVB (tumor virus receptor of ALV subgroup B) locus, were analyzed in the chicken lines 63 and 72 using Pyrosequencing methods in four tissues, i.e., liver, spleen, blood and hypothalamus. A significant CpG hypermethylation level was seen in line 72 in all four tissues, 91.86 ± 1.63% for ALVE region2 in blood, whereas the same region was hemimethylated (46.16 ± 2.56%) or hypomethylated (10.05 ± 3.41%) in line 63. CpG methylation contents of the ALVE regions were significantly lower in line 63 than in line 72 in all tissues (P <0.01) except the ALVE region 3/4 in the liver. RNA expressions of ALVE regions 2 and 3 (PPT-U3) were significantly higher in line 63 than in line 72 (P<0.01). The methylation levels of six recombinant congenic strains (RCSs) were much close to the parental line 63 in ALVE-region 2, which may imply an epigenetic pattern of ALVE-region 2 that has possibility to be a biomarker in resistant disease breeding. Methylation level of the promoter region in TVB gene was significantly different in blood (P<0.05) and hypothalamus (P<0.0001), respectively. Our data disclosed a hypermethylation pattern of ALVE that may be relevant for resistance against ALV in chickens.Some Greek Gospel Manuscripts in the British Library: Examples of the Byzantine Book as Holy Receptacle and Bearer of Hidden Meaning
Abstract
The Gospel book is by far the most numerous, and hence the most important and characteristic, genre of book production in Byzantine culture. A detailed survey of the surviving material in the British Library carried by the author provides an overview of the Byzantine perception of the Gospel book, and this establishes the features of ‘a standard Byzantine Gospel book’. On the other hand, individual books that do not fit the pattern do exist. For example, Gospel books with framed, full-/half-page illustrations, or marginal illustrations forming a narrative cycle, unusual headpieces, the Evangelist Symbols, imperial portraits, elaborate Canon Tables, and so forth. In this paper, some ‘special’ or ‘non-standard’ Byzantine manuscripts, notably Gospel books with later insertions that exemplify an unusual history of use and reuse, Gospel Lectionaries with unusual cruciform texts, and a copy of the Homilies of Gregory of Nazianzus with frontispieces of a jewelled cross are examined. Obviously Gospel books, Lectionaries and Homilies had a primary function: to preserve and transmit the words of the divinely inspired evangelists and church fathers. But at the same time, they could act as receptacles for precious relic-like elements. This paper suggests that the Byzantine books might have functioned not only as books to be read, but also as holy receptacle and bearer of hidden meaning.
Some Greek Gospel Manuscripts in the British Library: Examples of the Byzantine Book as Holy Receptacle and Bearer of Hidden Meaning (PDF format) 1.29MB
Download the free Adobe Acrobat PDF viewer
Adobe Acrobat solutions for accessibilitySo New Financial year and new things in store for Lily G!!!! I am not a girl that can rest on my laurels I always like to push the boundaries and try new things for myself and my business. So stay tuned as we take Lily G to the next level and feature more Interior Decor jobs and more gorgeous events and products in store. I am taking the new intake of Interior Decorating workshops for July 16th ring up to book in. These have been very successful and a lot of fun.
Remember:
We can ship anywhere in Australia so put in an order if you see something you love.Waterproof Mattress Pads
Protect your expensive mattress and at the same time add some extra comfort and softness by getting a waterproof mattress pad. For a limited time only, get Up to 55% Off Ideal Comfort Waterproof Mattress Pads! These mattress pads feature a waterproof liner that protects mattresses and polyester fill that adds extra softness to sleeping surfaces. Free Shipping and Returns.
Choose from the following:
- $24.99 for Twin (value $49.99)
- $24.99 for Twin XL (value $54.99)
- $29.99 for Full (value $59.99)
- $32.99 for Queen (value $64.99)
- $34.99 for King (value $69.99)
- $34.99 for California King (value $69.99)
Get this deal now >>> Waterproof Mattress Pads
Find more Best Deals on Mattress!
Also check out the latest Best Deals on Bedding!
Read Madame Deals money saving tips and why learning how to wait can save you $$$.For details about many of these disciplinary actions, please see Search business and professional licenses.
Lenders Allies, LLC — Altamonte Springs, FL
Intuitive Real Estate Solutions, LLC — Culver City, CA
Vesta Valuation, LLC — Minnetonka, MN
Consolidated Lenders Resource, LLC — Dallas, TX
Home | Privacy | Conditions of Use | Copyright © 2015(PhysOrg.com) -- A.
The researchers say they have uncovered a significant repository of political discourse that is largely being ignored. They will present their findings July 19 at the International Conference on Weblogs and Social Media in Barcelona.
Doctoral student Sean Munson and professor Paul Resnick examined 6,691 posts from a random sample of more than 8,600 blogs on Blogger.com. While most of these blogs were personal diaries or covered topics such as sports, celebrities or hobbies, about 5 percent were devoted to politics. The researchers found that the authors of many non-political blogs occasionally post about politics. These intermittent commentaries add upso much so that they accounted for a quarter of all political posts in this large study.
"A lot of the commentary about political polarization on the Internet has focused on political websites," said Munson, who is the lead author. "That's kind of like going to a political rally and looking for diverse views. You aren't going to find them there. But you might find them at the local diner."
The authors argue that non-political blogs and other online spaces that are not focused on politics should be studied more in the future, in order to better understand how these spaces contribute to political discourse.
"The political discussions Americans have in non-political spaces add up to something big quantitatively, and that should be honored as civic participation just as much as participation in dedicated political forums," Munson said. "Non-political spaces need to be on the research agenda for scholars of political communication."
The researchers were surprised to find that when blog readers encounter political posts in non-political blogs, the subject is not taboo. Readers reply to and engage the political contents of the post. In fact, political posts on non-political blogs actually generated slightly more comments from readers than posts about the blogs' main topics.
The study also found some diversity of opinions expressed by readers of these posts. Commenters agreed with the author 41 percent of the time, disagreed 14 percent of the time, and did not take sides 45 percent of the time.
"Political discussion in spaces where people gather for other reasons may be the antidote to polarization," Resnick said. "When you have a relationship to maintain, you have to be a bit more civil."
Explore further:
New research shows how politics manipulates a culture of optimism
gunslingor1
Dichotomy
Shelgeyr
Javinator
That one made me laugh today.
J-n
Spaceman_Spiff
QED.
emsquared
ryggesogn2Waites Wins Lancy Award
March 7, 2005-- Home Textiles Today,
Raymond Waites, president and CEO of Raymond Waites Designs, will receive the Chuck Lancy Lifetime Achievement Award given by the Gift for Life organization — the home and gift industries group supporting the American Foundation for AIDS Research.
Waites will receive the award on May 16 at the group's 13th annual Anniversary Gala at the Copacabana here from 6 to 10 p.m.
The organization was founded in 1992 by a group of home and gift industry members responding to the industry's loss of people due to AIDS. For further information call (212) 806-1600.
advertisement
Related Content By Author
Sponsored Links
advertisement
Featured Video
Previewing Rug Trends: Outdoor
Most Viewed Articles
advertisement
As of Wednesday, May 15, 2013
Deerfield third baseman and one of the Knights’ top pitchers, Coleman Butler, front row, center, is all smiles Tuesday after signing a baseball scholarship with Gordon College as he’s surrounded by friends and family. Butler has helped lead the Knights to the GISA Class AAA Elite 8, where Deerfield will face Westfield on Saturday in Perry. (Timothy Threadcraft/Special to The Herald)
ALBANY — Former U.S. Secretary of State Dean Acheson once said, “Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.”
For Deerfield-Windsor pitcher Coleman Butler, this rings all too true.
One of the Knights’ top hurlers signed with Gordon College on Tuesday in Deerfield’s media center, and it was there that even he admitted he didn’t start thinking about playing college baseball until just recently.
“The recruiting process started, literally, about three weeks ago,” Butler said. “About two months ago, I had no plans on playing college baseball. Seeing my friends come through here and sign their national letters-of-intent kind of motivated me to see what’s out there.”
Butler has pitched 24 innings for the Knights this season with 37 strikeouts and an ERA of 2.40. At the plate, he’s hitting .288 with three home runs.
Deerfield coach Rod Murray says Butler excels as much off the field as he does on it.
“He’s a great kid, and we’re looking forward to hearing good things about him,” Murray said. “They got a good one in Coleman.”
Gordon seems to like Deerfield players.
Former Knights star Grant Massey currently play for the Highlander, as does Deerfield’s Lindsey Short.
“Lindsey and Grant both said Gordon was a great program, and that they like the coaches,” Butler said. “(Gordon head coach Travis McClanahan) was probably the main reason that I chose Gordon. He had a lot of nice things to say about me. If you go to a college and you don’t like the coach, you’re not going to like the school.”
Murray thinks Butler can add to Gordon’s pitching staff right away.
“He’s a real power guy,” Murray said. “He’s got a great breaking pitch; his velocity is up there. He’s got a lot of potential. He’s signed as a pitcher, but he’s our everyday third baseman here.”
Butler made no secret of the fact he feels most comfortable as a pitcher.
“Every time I get on the mound, I feel relaxed. I just try to focus so I can go out and do the best I can every pitch,” he said.
Butler plans to enroll at Gordon sometime in August, but until then, he and the Knights have some unfinished business to take care of. After knocking off Dominion Christian last week in the first round of the GISA Class AAA playoffs, Deerfield will travel to Perry to face Westfield School on Saturday in a best-of-three series in the Elite 8
“The most important thing is I have to focus on these next few weeks,” said Butler, who is undecided on his major but knows he wants to take a shot at playing pro ball one day. “After the playoffs, I’ll probably rest for about a month and then get back on it.”
More like this story
- Deerfield’s Short takes baseball talents to Gordon ( April 17, 2012 )
- GISA ELITE 8: Deerfield sweeps into Final 4 ( May 18, 2013 )
- Sloppy start ( May 25, 2013 )
- PREVIEW: Seniors leading DWS into Final 4 matchup today with Brookwood ( May 24, 2013 )
- GISA ELITE 8 PREVIEW: Deerfield hits road for series vs. rival Westfield ( May 17, 2013 )Chrysler's designers did a great job with the Concorde. Three years after its debut, the bold grille and fluid lines...
2 available trims | explore trims
Engine: 3,231 cc 3.2 liters V 6 engine with 92 mm bore, 81 mm stroke, 9.5 compression ratio, overhead cam and four valves per cylinder
Drivetrain: front wheel drive
Seating Capacity: 5
Body Style: Sedan
Doors: 4
Engine: 2,736 cc 2.7 liters V 6 engine with 86 mm bore, 78.5 mm stroke, 9.7 compression ratio, double overhead cam and four valves per cylinderBelow is the poem entitled Riding With Love which was written by poet
Kib
G. Please feel free to comment on this poem. However, please remember, PoetrySoup is a place of encouragement and growth.
Read Poems by
Kib
G
Best
Kib G
Poems
Vast and free,
Sweeping through
A calming sense fill the air
Subsides rising flesh from the chill
Warming the soul as it Thumps repeatedly
Sweeping slower then closer creeping into me
Showering Rains of Trust in it's most humblest state
Non judgmental thou raw and sweet, Blind to physical aspects
Navigated by sincerity and pure emotion.....What And Adventure!
Hi Emma,
Firstly thank you so much for a) reading Stitched Up and b) writing such a great review. I am immensely pleased that you took the time out to do both.
I thought it might be worth clarifying for readers a few issues you raised in the review.
Firstly, Stitched Up includes soooo many people & organisations that are creating change! From The Models Union to NGWF and War on Want plus probably about 100 more. There is no reason for anyone to feel helpless, I am simply offering the original and best way of creating change: creating social movements that can take on what it is you want to change. If this feels odd then it is because we have been conditioned to think only as individuals and as wallets.
On the question of exploitation, clearly there are levels of exploitation within the fashion industry & I do state that some small ventures can help to create a blue print for a better society and prove that clothing does not have to involve slavery and environmental destruction. Yet it is the considered opinion of organisations like the Clean Clothes Campaign (and myself) that there is no rack of perfect clothes out there. No one is free from exploitation & environmental damage (or the visual confines (size, race, ablism) of the industry.) Nor do I think we should be looking for that perfect outfit whilst the rest of the industry is in such a state – individual comfort is not the goal.
Basic exploitation from a Marxist perspective is: being paid less for your labour than the worth of the commodity you create. Being paid £1 to create a garment that is sold for £5 means a company takes £4 in profit for itself and leaves workers short of food, shelter etc. The fashion industry is awash with surplus wealth, it is just all currently stolen by a tiny minority – this is how capitalism operates and it is because of this that it needs to be overthrown.
All the best, Tansy.
This review is great, I recently read the book as well and was considering writing a review but I think I will just direct any interested readers here as this is pretty much what I would like to say but written much better!
The book combined with a workshop held by War on Want it has changed my opinion on how to interact with the garment industry. I think that the phrase ‘a citizen not a consumer’ resonated with me as I no longer want to try to change an industry using my consuming habits alone.
I would also agree though that I did feel that the choices we can make as an individual were left out of the book and I would agree with you that companies such as People Tree are showing a different way to run a clothing company, a combined approach to changing the industry.
Brilliant review, it is also really useful that Tansy has replied to your review and tried to answer some of your queries over it. Thanks for posting!
Thanks Steph!
Thanks for the review: I’ll have a look at the book!
As for helplessness, poverty has been overcome, often, by the introduction of national insurance, pensions, and democratic welfare states.
As consumers, we can look for products from these countries to show people in other countries that it’s what we value.
As voters, we can ask why not a single MEP candidate in the next election wants to resume tariffs on goods from countries without a welfare state. Isn’t the quickest, easiest way to make other countries better is to tax their goods until they change?Services for Alaskans experiencing developmental disabilities, alcoholism or other drug addictions, mental or emotional illnesses, and Alzheimer’s disease or other dementias were originally shaped and frequently compartmentalized by federal funding availability and federal program requirements. Advocates and program managers have long recognized that service integration is a first step toward higher quality services, increased access to services, and greater cost savings. In addition, many people experience more than one beneficiary disability during the course of their lifetimes. Simplifying and coordinating services for people with multiple cognitive or developmental disabilities is both cost effective and provides better care. Initiatives, discussed in a later section, address gaps in service delivery systems.
Components of Care
Figure 15 — Components of Care for Trust Beneficiary Groups
The Trust and the Department of Health and Social Services support the components of care illustrated in Figure 15, ranging from prevention at the bottom to acute care at the top for people requiring intensive care. Public education and prevention services reach large audiences. Services in the middle of the triangle are home and community based and used by those people requiring a less intensive level of care. Although economies of scale restrict some services to urban areas, the Plan’s vision is that appropriate services would be available when needed across the state. The components of care listed are only those that serve three or more beneficiary groups. These same components are also shown in Table 2 - Matrix of Current CIMHP Services.
Current Services
Table 2 shows the geographic availability of services by three of more Trust beneficiary groups:
Table 2— Matrix of Current CIMHP Services
Continuum of Care Matrix for Alaskans with mental illness or chronic alcoholism
Continuum of Care Matrix for Alaskans with developmental disabilities
Continuum of Care Matrix for Alaskans with Alzheimer’s disease or related dementia
Definitions — level of community
Definitions — service terms
Service Gaps Analysis
The matrix in Table 2 represents a first effort to analyze those similar services provided by separate service delivery systems to different Trust beneficiary groups. Planning staff (DHSS, The Trust, AMHB, ABADA, GCDSE, ACoA, and the Department of Corrections) developed this matrix by comparing service definitions used by different programs and coming to agreement about common definitional elements and suitable aggregate definitions. Next, based on the common definitions, the group assessed service availability using the Alaska Mental Health Board’s Level of Community template. This assessment was based on data and documents produced by the agencies represented by the planning staff.
Development of the matrix assists in considering collaborative approaches and in determining priorities for service needs. Several observations can be made from the matrix:
Many commonalities exist among services to beneficiaries, especially in such specialized services as medical, dental and pharmacy services.
The more specialized the service, the more likely it is to have substantial gaps in delivery. For example, even in Alaska ’s metropolitan area ( Anchorage ), gaps exist in direct and rehabilitation care, the foundation of personal support and recovery: even when a service is available, “gaps” may reflect a lack of capacity to serve all who need that service.
Access to care and participation in community life may require specialized transportation, a service that is needed across all levels of community.
The matrix also shows that despite efforts to develop services in regional centers, this strategy has not yet produced a full range of adequate care in those areas.
Below the regional center level, many gaps exist, both for individualized services and for facility based care.
Some service delivery programs, notably those for people with Alzheimer’s disease or similar dementia and for people with developmental disabilities, try to meet each person’s particular needs in their own homes. Ideally, this would mean that all services could be made available at each level of community. However, the reality is that resources frequently limit such delivery. Often, providers may not be available in a community, but more commonly, resources do not meet current need. For example, about 1,006 people with developmental disabilities were waiting for services at the end of fiscal year 2006. 40
The Trust and the Department have targeted development of infrastructure and resources for many of these services.Exclusive: Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! announce ‘Pardon My French’ album details
March 11, 2013 by Cassie Whitt
Chunk! No, Captain Chunk! have released the details of their upcoming album, Pardon My French. Watch the album announcement video and view the artwork, below! Pardon My French is set for release April 30, 2013 via Fearless Records.
semi skilled boilermaker jobs province of gauteng
1-13 of 13
jobs
Semi-Skilled Bolermaker
ZA recruit - Johannesburg, Gauteng
My client who has a Company in Meyerton requires a Semi-skilled boilermaker. Requirments: Applicant must have 5 years experience in structural. Sober Habits...
13/04/2015 in jobsafari.co.za
Similar job vacancies: semi skilled province of gauteng
Semi-Skilled Boilermaker Wanted
Johannesburg, Gauteng
Interested applicants must be semi-skilled boilermaker with a certificate. Working experience will be an advantage. Also all applicants must hav.
31/03/2015 in AdsAfrica
Similar job vacancies: semi skilled boilermaker johannesburg
Boilermaker
Johannesburg, Gauteng
Semi-skilled Boilermaker West Rand? R63p/h lMatric with Maths lAble to read technical drawings l3 years exp. In similar position in food industry lMust have...
3 days, 11 hours ago in jobsaved.com
Similar job vacancies: semi skilled boilermaker
Vacancy For Semi-Skilled Boilermaker In A Private Company
Johannesburg, Gauteng
We are looking for A semi-Skilled Boilermaker to start urgently. Applicant must have the following: Boilermaker Certificate Hardworking and Intelligent Able to...
4 days, 11 hours ago in AdsAfrica
Semi skilled boilermaker wanted to work in manufacturing...
Johannesburg, Gauteng
Semi skilled boilermaker wanted to work in a manufacturing company based in Boksburg. Applicants must have valid qualifications for boilermaking from a...
2 days, 11 hours ago in AdsAfrica
Similar job vacancies: boilermaking province of gauteng
Semi-Skilled Boilermaker Wanted For Mining Company
Johannesburg, Gauteng
A Big Mining Company around Joburg needs Boilermakers. South African/Foreigners must have Valid Working Papers-Boilermaker Certificate. Working Experience...
1 day, 11 hours ago in AdsAfrica
Alrode Based Company Looking For Semi Skilled Boilermaker
Alberton, Gauteng
Alrode / Alberton Based Company Looking For Semi Skilled BoilermakerPlease forward Cv to: ------@tech-group.co.zaState your current residential address on...
2 weeks, 1 day ago in Muamat
Similar job vacancies: boilermaker alberton
Semi-Skilled Boilermaker Wanted For A Mining Project
Johannesburg, Gauteng
Wanted are Semi-Skilled Boilermakers with or without working experience. You must be hard working, able to work under-pressure to bring the best results...
15/04/2015 in AdsAfrica
Similar job vacancies: boilermaking johannesburg
Boilermaker - vaal triangle
Kelly - Vaal - Vanderbijlpark, Gauteng
Skilled or Semi-Skilled with N4 Certificate Fluent Afrikaans & English Sober habits, contactable references required Must take pride in their work, tidy and...
1 week, 2 days ago in Pnet.co.za
Similar job vacancies: vaal triangle
Semi-Skilled Boilermaker Wanted For A Mining Project
Johannesburg, Gauteng
Semi-Skilled Boilermakers wanted for a Mining project urgently. Applicant with or without experience are welcome to apply. To apply you must have no criminal...
22/04/2015 in AdsAfrica
Similar job vacancies: semi skilled welding
Semi-Skilled Boilermaker Wanted To Start Work Urgently
Johannesburg, Gauteng
We are currently looking for Semi-Skilled Boilermakers with or without working experience to start work urgently. Applicants must have Boilermakers...
09/04/2015 in AdsAfrica
Semi skilled boiler maker wanted to work in steel...
Johannesburg, Gauteng
Semi skilled boilermaker wanted to work in a new steel products manufacturing company based in Mayfair. Applicants must have boiler making related certificates...
3 weeks, 2 days ago in AdsAfrica
Similar job vacancies: semi skilled boiler maker
Basting, Excavator, mobile crane, Dump truck trainings...
Johannesburg, Gauteng
...operators to unskilled and semi-skilled peaple in South Africa and neighbouring countries like Botswana, Lesotho, Namibia, Zimbabwe, Mozambique and...
1 week, 1 day ago in Backpage
Similar job vacancies: dump truck operatorSprint's Steve Elfman has said that the company's intending to activate an LTE service over its 800MHz spectrum by 2014. Big Yellow's already received 3GPP certification to turn Band 26 into super-fast mobile internet, the only remaining regulatory hurdle left to overcome is a thumbs-up from the FCC. The due date isn't set in stone, as it'll depend entirely on how quickly the company can force current iDEN users to migrate to its CDMA Direct Connect service. Meanwhile, LTE service in Atlanta, Baltimore, Houston, Dallas, Kansas City and San Antonio will activate across next year, with the company confident that it'll be able to keep pace with AT&T and Verizon's services by offloading traffic onto Clearwire's TD-LTE Network which should go live by June 2013. We can only guess that after that the announcement was done, Mr. Elfman looked at a picture of Philip Falcone and had to step outside for a little cry.
Engadget's comments powered by DisqusLast week Bill Slawski covered a patent that has just been granted to Google, named “Determining spam in information collected by a source.” As it is immediately obvious from its name, the patent discusses methods for discovering spammy information coming from third-party sources. This seems to cover mostly (but apparently not limited to) business entities. Therefore, it would be safe to say that the patent discusses local citations and how a search engine might determine if the citation carries purposefully set incorrect information (spam). The two main ways, according to the patent, are:
- By measuring the “frequency of occurrence” of each phrase/element of the citation
- By measuring the “trustworthiness” of each source
I will not dabble further into the explanations of how each of these two factors are counted and how the whole system works, but I’d rather focus on the practical implications.
What It Tackles
Google obviously would like to present the most accurate and complete information to its users. This is possible only if it obtains this information from as many sources as possible. However, some of these sources might sometimes provide inaccurate or even spammy information, so Google needs methods to find it. Some obvious examples of information Google would rather completely disregard are telephone number in the business name, mentions of words such as “discount”, “sales”, etc. In other cases it might be more difficult for Google to understand if particular content is correct or not. An example would be “[Business Name] in [City]“, or even worse – “[City] [Business Name]” (as in Miami Printing, which is the actual name of a real business).
The patent gives examples mostly related to the category of the business, but I believe the practical implications are mostly related to the business name. It is a known and widely approved fact that the business name plays role in how Google ranks the local search results (see factors #15 and #22 here). That is why over the years many have adopted the bad practice (intentionally or not) to add extraneous keywords to the business name in their Google local listings. When Google started getting stricter, the “practitioners” (predominantly black hat SEOs) got smarter and started creating citations with the business name including the keywords. That way the third-party data would support the information the “business owner” submits via Google Places.
The Threats
Reading through the patent, two major threats occur in my mind:
1) The main one is that Google seems to rely a lot (probably too much) on information coming from “trusted sources” (according to the patent a source can be designated “as a trusted source based on, for example, a reputation of the source or previous dealings with the source or combinations of them”). This means that it is theoretically possible that if a source is trustworthy enough, it is possible that Google might take the information from this source for granted and would never disregard it or check its accuracy. Examples of such sources would be LocalEze and Infogroup/CityGrid in the USA, and YellowPages.ca in Canada. Translated in local SEO language this means that it is possible that if a listing is added to LocalEze (for example) and the same business information is not found anywhere else on the web, Google might still create a new listing using this information. This obviously opens up a big hole in the described system, because Google would be very dependent on such third-party trusted sources. And it is important to mention that many of these potentially trusted sources have close to no mechanisms for checking the authenticity of the business information added to their databases (other than phone verifications, which is an insufficiently reliable method).
2) My other concern is related to businesses that actually do have such words (regarded as spam) in their business names, websites, or even physical addresses. How Google has historically been dealing with such situations is they were withholding the activation of a listing that contains such words (the biggest publicly available list of these is here) and they have manually been verifying the accuracy of the information. However, according to the patent even words such as city names could be considered spammy, which opens up a broad field for false positives.
What This Means from Local SEO Point of View
As mentioned above, there are two main factors taken into account – trustworthiness and frequency. While the patent doesn’t discuss these factors in regards with organic search rankings, it could be assumed that similar methodology is used when determining the value of citations and how business listings are ranked. This means that we could distinguish between two types of local citation sources:
1. Qualitatively-important – such as the aforementioned LocalEze, Infogroup, CityGrid, Yellowpages, etc.
2. Quantitatively-important – either less authoritative or less-probable-to-be-citation-sources sources.
To have a strong “citation profile”, you must cover the first type of sources, and just after this you should proceed with looking for further volumes and opportunities. At the same time while 2. could be useless without 1., 1. would be (in many cases) insufficient without 2.
Conclusive Words
I believe Google has been using this (or similar) method to detect and disregard spammy information coming from third-party sources at least for some time. Nevertheless, the patent comes to shed further light on the systems Google adopts to find, compile, and process business information.
Nyagoslav, this is a really interesting post. It’s been while since I’ve read an interesting local post so.
I also remember when Google Places used to show citation sources in the Google Places listings and they show anything that had your phone # on it. It was amazing at all the low quality crap they’d display as a citation mention.
Reverse phone look ups. Crappy profile citations. etc And those citations still work today. Although, it’s best you focus on getting all the top citations that have the most domain trust. Then target city and niche based sites for citations. Then if you are done all that, you can get into getting those crappy citations: reverse phone, profile citations, etc.
Even though GP does not show those citation sources any more in the GP listings we all know they still count and that Google can see ALL citation mentions of your business… but it’s interesting to think now they may start to judge the citations more.
This would make sense and should not be that hard if they are using a similar algo as they do for links. (Maybe they already do). I would think they’d judge it more based on the site or page level then as opposed to the info associated with the citation.
But interesting food for thought.
Hey Matt, thanks for the kind words!
I think the value of reverse phone search types of citations is greatly discounted nowadays. As discussed in the article, I would put much more effort in covering the basics, compared to doing something extra. You cannot imagine how many of our clients have spent significant amount of money in tackling hundreds of citations, and at the same time they have unsolved wrong duplicate listings or inconsistent data on sites like Yelp, Citysearch, Merchant Circle, even the data aggregators.
Hey Nyagoslav,
This is a good breakdown of the possible ramifications of this patent. Bill does a solid job at finding relevant patents to the industry & making everyone aware of them also.
This does intrigue me as to how this patent (or similar future patents) could affect the weight of instances of citations with inaccurate information in cases where the business is not obviously spamming but has bad data. Such as, a case where the business may have moved and still has a number of citations pointing to a previous address. Or, a case where they changed phone numbers. Either of which happen frequently and are not intentional misrepresentations.
Hey Ryan, thanks for the comment!
I think this patent specifically is mostly related to discounting the value of citations that might have intentionally been created to include keywords in the business name (for instance), rather than tackling the problem of inconsistent business information.
I totally agree. It just makes me wonder if they may start adding focus to citation quality in different aspects after they refine their crawling of intentionally placed incorrect NAP info.
It is possible that they might start penalizing for this, but it is doubtful. They should be really very sure that the information is intentionally misleading to do that, which would be hard to achieve.
My main beef with the Places Business Name is that google in the guidelines speak against including Categories and Locations.
And then the annual ranking review shows ranking points for having them in there.
Also the ‘Lucky 1 Pack’ is driven primarily from the Business Name.
I have been complaining for a long time in the Google and Your Business Forum, and its Whitewashed antecedents that no ranking should be taken out of the Business Name. It would then simply be a human readable key and hint for the merge algorithm.
SQLPerformance
Unfortunately, this is the reality we live in. Google doesn’t place as much value on the keywords in the business name as it did previously, but it still bugs me why it even counts it at all.
Hey Nyagoslav,
Characteristically excellent stuff – thanks for posting!
I think it all comes down to “threat #1”: Google’s heavy reliance on “trusted” data-providers. There is a certain threshold of spammability (not that that’s a word), if you will, below which one can get away with quite a lot. Part of that threshold is the length of the business name: InfoGroup and LocalEze cut you off around 30 characters, so you’re out of luck if you’re trying to stuff in a *lot* of keywords. But even if your name is totally bogus and not blatantly spammy (like with a gibberish name that just happens to include a city name), if you’re under that ~30-characters threshold you’ll probably be OK – for better or for worse.
Similar story on Yelp: your name is unlikely to pass Yelp’s sniff test if it’s long, but even a bogus name can get published if it’s short enough and not blatantly spammy (e.g. an exact-match, city-specific local search term).
I think there should be a certain amount of “play” or “give” on Google’s part in accepting or trusting a given business name, simply so that businesses with horrible “official” names have a chance to brand themselves online with their real-world business names (e.g. the ones on their business cards). Which is legitimate, and which Google generally doesn’t seem to have a problem with. But obviously this does leave the door open for spammers. It just seems like a balance that Google has yet to strike.
Hey Phil, thanks for the kind words!
Isn’t it paradoxical – where is the balance between not filtering out “Miami Printing” (which is a real business), but filtering out “Miami Carpet Cleaning” (which is very possibly not a real business, or at least not the real name)? It is really hard to say and I don’t think a balance can ever be struck. Look for example at the case of locksmiths – Google had so big problems in dealing with this industry that it decided to wipe it out completely, including a lot of honest, small business owners that played entirely by the rules (I know at least a few such).
Great post Nyagoslav! I think Google polices some verticals harder than others. Like Matt, I see a lot of spam ranking well both in local and organic SERPs. The key is of course having strong structured citations but I agree that the value of the ancillary citations (eg: NAP in video sites, article marketing etc) is gradually becoming less and less useful.
Nice post Nyagoslav! What do you thing about citations with the same phone number and address but with different names, tags and descriptions? Are they considered spamy?
I agree with Andrew. There should be absolutely no ranking benefits for using category or geographical modifier in the business name. There will be manipulation as long as Google leaves it as a factor. Getting a DBA from the state is simple, cheap, and regrettably beneficial in some some instances because of this issue.
The “trusted sources” do a pretty poor job at QA in the business listing’s info. “Trust” is definitely relative.
Thanks Nyagoslav!
Good article about local businesses and the citation directories. Although Yellowpages.ca is considered an authority site, they are very difficult to deal with on having a free listing posted with them. I truly wonder how long they will keep their authority when they are difficult to work with compared to other directories in Canada.
Local and small businesses are seeing that more of the new prospective clients are coming from the internet. They struggle with understanding how to claim the listings and optimize them to be at the top of the local search results. Thus there is a significant opportunity to provide small business consulting specializing in online.
It is probably a good article, but that damned sharing thing just keeps coming down the page obscuring the text. Too annoying to put up with.
Thanks for the feedback Stu. Overall redesigning of the website is planned, and one of the changes that would be implemented is the scrolling social bar improvement. Sorry for the inconvenience.Latest Rhapsody Stories
SEATTLE, April 26 /PRNewswire/ -- Rhapsody today launched a new version of its popular Rhapsody for iPhone app with an important new feature: music fans can now download their favorite Rhapsody playlists to their iPhone(TM), iPodÂ® touch or iPad(TM) so they can listen any time - even when they're not connected to the Internet.
LAS VEGAS, March 23 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- CTIA Wireless -- RealNetworksÂ®, Inc.
SEATTLE, March 19 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- RealGames(TM), a division of RealNetworksÂ®, Inc. (Nasdaq: RNWK), today announced that Jeffrey Revoy has joined the executive management staff as vice president of social games.
SALZBURG, Austria and SEATTLE, March 15 /PRNewswire/ -- RealNetworksÂ®, Inc.
SEATTLE, March 3 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- RealNetworks, Inc.
SEATTLE, Feb.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. and SEATTLE, Feb. 11 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Digital entertainment services company RealNetworksÂ®, Inc.
SEATTLE and NEW YORK, Feb. 9 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- RealNetworks, Inc. (Nasdaq: RNWK) and MTV Networks, a division of Viacom International, Inc.
SEATTLE, Feb.
SEATTLE, Jan. 21 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Digital entertainment services company RealNetworks, Inc. (Nasdaq: RNWK) announced today that Mike Lunsford has been named executive vice president of the Technology Products and Solutions and Media Software and Services divisions of the company.
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.An interesting "food challenge" at work
We are a small business, only about eight people. I'm 49, Sabrina is 55, and then it ranges from a 20 yr. old to a 72 yr. old.
Sabrina, myself, and Cody, who is 28, have all decided that we will drop some weight between now and the end of the month. Cody has never really exercised before but he's already doing great.
Sabrina and I, on the other hand, have gained big innertubes of blubber around our waists due to stress at work and menopause. We both are in great health, my good cholesterol is triple the norm and my blood pressure is well below nornal. We both run every day.
So today we decided that we would do fun, interesting, healthy salads for lunch. We figured out what each other had in our refrigerators & pantries at home and tomorrow will bring all of that ready to go for some salads.
Tomorrow I'm bringing:
baby greens
cherry tomatoes
sliced red onion
orange bell pepper
sugar snap peas
sliced baby carrots
grilled corn
chick peas
cannellini beans
black beans
artichoke hearts (marinated & not marinated)
black olives
sunflower seeds
dried cranberries
slivered almonds
This should be fun combining what everyone else brings. I'm burned out on making dressings so Sabrina is handling that as well as protein such as hard boiled eggs and chicken.
I'm curious how long this will last. I can live on salads forever, but I'm not sure if everyone else can.
Any interesting suggestions for ingredients?
hummus
couscous
quinoa
a couple of co-workers (both of them men) and I were also trying to drop some pounds a few years ago, and for awhile for lunch every day we'd have a drained can of tuna mixed with chopped tomatoes, sometimes a little diced avocado, s&p, and dressed with Tapatio hot sauce (which is pretty mild). Fresh, healthy, light and a really satisfying lunch.
Baked sweet potato, baby spinach, grilled asparagus and broccoli, pumpkin seeds, grilled haloumi, couscous, prawns, tofu, vermicelli rice noodles with chilli and herbs like holy basil, mint and coriander (cilantro), rocket (I think that's arugula in the States?), edamame, madarin segments, pear slices.
Anything that you can eat raw, or cooked and cooled, gets put in salads at my house.
thanks for all of the suggestions. Today's lunch was a hit, and I'm amazed at how much we ate, so I'll throw in some of your suggestions tomorrow.
Our refrigerator seems to create a lot of moisture, so the salad greens don't hold up too well. I got another container of them tonight after work and will keep them at home and take them to work as we need them.
mariacarmen, are you suggesting I just have your ingredients in the fridge to create "an alternative salad" to something based on greens?
ultimatepotato, I'd worry that prawns would have to be eaten as soon as cooked. I love grilled prawns in a salad but this is stuff we can keep in the fridge throughout the week.
hearts of palm!!
roasted cauliflower
grilled onions
edamame
diced apples or grapes
sundried tomatoes - not marinated in oil
roasted garlic -- if you don't mind having the breath...smell...
grilled asparagus
grilled eggplant - marinated in balsamic
grilled mushrooms - marinated in balsamic
grated zucchini or yellow squash
steamed and chilled shredded cabbage with a hint of rice vinegar
cucumber slices
roasted celery slices
fire-roasted scallions
...to name a few more...
good luck... keep that momentum going!The Fourth of July celebration at Lenox Square is one of the city’s beloved summer traditions. For more than half a century, Lenox Square has celebrated the patriotic pastime in grand tradition with activities for the entire family, including games for children, musical entertainment, food concessions, and the largest fireworks display in the Southeast.
Price: Free
ReviewsThis web page requires a JavaScript enabled browser.
Campsites in the Yorkshire Dales!
Winter descent of the Buttertubs!
For information on Etape du Dales & The Colomba CLICK HERE!
Information on other events taking place this year in and around the Yorkshire Dales
can be found HERE!
Archimedes Screw on the River Bain, Bainbridge, the shortest river in England!
Yorkshire did itself proud!
The opening two days of the Tour de France were the spectacular success that many
people had hoped for.
Glorious sunshine, massive crowds and the celebratory mood have ensured that the
people of Yorkshire can bask in the feel good factor for many months to come.
The profile of cycling has reached another level and places like the Buttertubs,
Grinton Moor and Kidstones will be forever talked about as the climbs which really
lit the fuse for the 2014 Tour de France!
The annual three 3 day ‘Tour de Yorkshire’, 1st - 3rd May 2015, is a result of the
success of the Grand Depart and further info can be found here!
Welcome to Yorkshire
Putting the Y in WensleYdale!
Our sister site will soon be up and running!
The peloton in Wensleydale![endif]-->
New Orleans, Louisiana (CNN) -- New Orleans is richer than it was before Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005, but largely because many of its poor have not returned since the storm, according to a report released Wednesday.
Average wages are up, "knowledge-based" jobs are gaining ground on the area's traditional blue-collar economy and basic services like schools and hospitals are improving, New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu told reporters.
"But there are also some sobering and thoughtful statistics about how far we have to go," he said.
While the poverty rate of 23 percent is the lowest since 1979, that's nearly double the national average of 13 percent, according to figures from the Greater New Orleans Community Data Center and the Brookings Institution. And many of the city's poor residents have either moved to the suburbs or haven't returned to the area, the report's authors said.
"It's the dispersion of the impoverished population in general and the struggles that folks have had to return is probably the main factor," said Allison Plyer, of the Community Data Center. And while the number of poor people in the city has fallen by about half, to about 68,000, the number of poor people living in the six suburban parishes is up, to about 93,000, Plyer said.
Since the storm, the metro area's population has rebounded to about 90 percent of the 1.3 million who lived there before the hurricane, according to Wednesday's report. The central city's population of about 355,000 is about is 78 percent of the pre-storm figure, and it's more middle-class and slightly less African-American and Hispanic than before, according to the report.
The city's non-white population remains a solid majority, but dropped from 72 percent in 2000 census figures to 69 percent currently, the report states. The non-white population grew slightly in the suburbs, from an estimated 43 percent in 2000 to 45 percent currently, according to the report.
Katrina killed more than 1,800 people on the Gulf Coast when it struck near the Louisiana-Mississippi state line on August 29, 2005. Most of the dead were in and around New Orleans, where more than three-quarters of the city flooded after its protective levees failed. Nearly 300,000 people were displaced, and the disaster turned a harsh light on a city that had seen its traditional economy -- based on oil, shipbuilding and tourism -- shrivel since the 1980s.
As a result, more of the area's economy is based on white-collar fields like higher education, legal services and education, the report found. Landrieu said those fields and innovative new industries are where the region's future lies.
"Relying on raw materials is important," he said. "But what you do with them and how you transform them by adding value to them is where our future economic success is going to be, as opposed to just extracting raw material. There is a better way, there is a higher way, and it's all for the most part based on knowledge."
Housing costs, which went up sharply when the storm destroyed so much of the city, are still high. Nearly 60 percent of city households and 45 percent of those in the suburbs pay more than 35 percent of their income for shelter, Plyer said.
But in part because of the reconstruction effort, New Orleans was sheltered from the worst of the recession that began in late 2007, the report states. And researchers found the people who live there are more engaged in civic life than before, and have demanded reforms of institutions once considered hopelessly broken or corrupt.
"In general, higher numbers of New Orleanians are participating in public meetings and processes and are now more likely than residents of other cities to attend public meetings where city affairs are discussed," the report states. Residents "have demanded and pursued systemic changes in key community and government institutions that were failing to deliver optimal results for citizens and taxpayers," such as health care, schools and the courts, it concluded.Tag "htc"
Battle of the Flagship: Which of these phones do you plan to buy? [Poll]
In last few months we have seen the release of the best Android devices so far. Most recently, Samsung announced the Samsung Galaxy S4. When talking about the best Android
HTC calls the Samsung Galaxy S4 “mainstream”
Yesterday was a big day for Samsung, as they officially announced the Samsung Galaxy S4, their latest, and arguably most impressive Galaxy device to date. HTC, for their part, thinks
HTC extends deadline for trade-up credits toward HTC One
HTC, in what can only be construed as goodwill, has extended the time period for the trade-up program as it relates to the HTC One. Now, instead of only giving
Verizon to launch the HTC One?
HTC’s latest flagship device is getting a lot of attention from mobile networks in the USA, and it seems all major US networks will be carrying the HTC One. HTC
HTC Myst details confirmed for rumored Facebook phone
New details hitting Unwired View today line up nearly spec-for-spec on early rumored hardware for the upcoming HTC Myst. Also known as a Facebook phone, this is about as close
HTC confirms Sense 5 update coming to select previous models
HTC today confirmed that the HTC Sense 5 UI will be coming to select existing models as part of a software update. Timing is unknown, however the models are expecting
HTC introduces trade-in program for the HTC One
Get at least $100 back from HTC with purchase of the HTC One.
AT&T announces plans to carry HTC One
As if we expected anything else, AT&T has officially climbed on board the HTC One train. A press release hitting the wires just now says that Ma Bell will offer
T-Mobile pledges HTC One support for coming weeks
T-Mobile has become the first carrier to hit our inbox with word of support of the HTC One. Pricing and availability will be shared at a later date. T-Mobile is excited toTYNDALL AIR FORCE BASE, Fla., July 18, 2006 – The first British pilot to complete F-22 Raptor training graduated this week at Tyndall Air Force Base.
Flight Lt. Dan Robinson, from the Royal Air Force, is assigned to Langley Air Force Base, Va. He has completed two months of training with the 43rd Fighter Squadron as part of an exchange program.
In return, an American fighter pilot will be trained and fly side-by-side with the Royal Air Force on the new EF-2000 Eurofighter Typhoon.
U.S. Air Force Maj. Mike Cabral
For the coalition, the benefit of the exchange program is the implementation of the aircraft capabilities into the multi-national planning process.
Both the Raptor' and Typhoon' potential and capabilities will be better understood by both America and the United Kingdom in battle, providing better results and minimizing collateral damage and loss of coalition life.
Robinson is a combat veteran who has served in the Royal Air Force since 1996.
"I have been fascinated with aircraft since I was a child; I was that kid who always wanted to talk to the pilot," he said. "My father was a businessman, and we traveled a lot on planes while I was growing up."
He comes from a family of warriors. Both of his grandfathers served in the military during World War II.
Robinson was flying F-3 Tornados with the Royal Air Force 25th Fighter Squadron in England prior to the exchange program. The 29-year-old pilot arrived in the United States in March.
He originally applied for the F/A-18 Super Hornet exchange program and was given the disappointing news in front of his peers that he was not selected.
As he stood there dumbfounded and disappointed, his commander announced that he was going to the F-22 Raptor exchange program instead.
"I didn't even know that it existed or that I was up for it," Robinson said. "I couldn't believe it."
He said his biggest challenge in the program was taking all of the information that is made available in this weapon system and using it.
The F-22 has the ability to pull from multiple sources of data, allowing the pilot to gain a large, detailed picture of the battlefield.
"It is the leading edge for fifth-generation aircraft," he said.
Following graduation, Robinson will train, exercise and deploy with his assigned Langley squadron.
"I will be like any other front-line pilot in the squadron," he said.
Other than a few phraseology challenges, his instructors said he did outstanding in the program and will return to Langley a true asset for the Raptor program.
Little things like "flight pattern versus circuit" can cause confusion between pilots and air traffic controllers, said U.S. Air Force Maj. Mike Cabral, 43rd Fighter Squadron chief of weapons and tactics.
"But, once we got him his decoder ring for U.S. speech, he was good to go, " Cabral noted. "Fighter pilots are fighter pilots."
"The fact that we were to train a British pilot came as no surprise; it is a natural progression to integrate our coalition partners into this process," he explained."
"With his combat skill set, it was a seamless transition," he emphasized. "He has coalition operations and weapons instructor experience; he will be a force multiplier."
Approximately 70 pilots have graduated from the Raptor training program to date.Open Phones
Telephone lines were open for comments on House Republicans' “Pledge to America,” the party’s legislative agenda for the 2010 midterm elections. Jake Sherman spoke by phone about the release of the agenda.
People in this video
- Jake Sherman Correspondent Politico
- Peter Slen Host C-SPAN
Hosting Organization
Series
More Videos From
Washington Journal PackageMore…
Republican Party and 2010 Elections
Leslie Sanchez talked about the 2010 political landscape, the new Arizona immigration law, and new polls showing…
The Aftermath of Campaign 2006
A Republican and a Democrat talked about the political climate since the midterm elections and the issues facing both…[Sidenote: Church Etiquette]
I told her how bored I was, and about “Antoine” passing, and how I had tried to make him see. She seemed more annoyed than ever, and said I must have made some mistake, as “Antoine” was not in Paris. She was awfully shocked at the idea of my wanting to speak to him in the street anyway, and said I surely must know it was the custom here for the men to bow first. She was altogether so cross and excited and different that I felt sure her confesseur must have given her some disagreeable penance. We went for a drive in the Bois after that, and Heloise recovered, and was nice to me. We met the Marquise de Vermandoise and a young man walking in one of the side allees, and when I wanted to wave to them Heloise pinched me, and made me look the other way; and when I asked why, she said it was not very good form to “see” people in Paris out of the Season—that one never was sure what they were there for—and that I was certainly not to mention it either at Tournelle or Croixmare! Isn’t this a queer country, Mamma?
[Sidenote: Morals and Manners]
We drove until quite late, and just as we were arriving at the door, who should pass but the Marquis? He stopped at once and helped us out. Heloise told him directly that we were only up seeing the dentist, and seemed in a great hurry to get into the porte cocher; but he was not to be shaken off, and stopped talking to us for about five minutes. He is quite amusing; he looked at me all the time he was talking to Heloise. I am sure, Mamma, from what the people at Nazeby talked about, he would have asked us to dine and go to a play if he had been an Englishman, and I told Heloise so. She said no Frenchman would dream of such a thing—us two alone—it was unheard of! and she only hoped no one had seen us talking to him in the street as it was! I said I liked the English way best, as in that case we should be going out and enjoying ourselves, instead of eating a snatchy meal alone.
It is now nine o’clock, and all the evening we have had to put up with just sitting on the balcony. It has been dull, and I am off to bed, so good-night, dear Mamma. I shan’t come up to Paris with French people again in a hurry!—Your affectionate daughter, Elizabeth.
CHATEAU DE CROIXMARE
Chateau de Croixmare,
Monday, 29th August.
[Sidenote: The Sights of the Foire]
Dearest Mamma,—Oh, we had such fun yesterday! After Mass the Baronne sent over to ask if Jean, Heloise, and I would go with them to the Foire at Lavonniere, a village about ten miles off. It is a very celebrated Foire, and in the last century every one went from Versailles, and even now lots of people who spend the summer there attend. You go in the evening after dinner, and there are no horrid cows and things with horns rushing about, or tipsy people. Godmamma looked awfully severe when she heard of the invitation; but since the row, when they had to cajole me, she has been more civil, so she said I might go if Heloise would really look after me, although if I was Victorine she would not have permitted it for a moment.Daniel C. wrote: > Hi I'm new here, I don't know anyone on the list, but please take some > of your valuable recruiting time to solicit a resume from someone who > can't be bothered to send it to you himself! > > Maybe it's just me, but if I were a recruiter, I'd just go "Yeah > whatever man" and keep moving. hell-o, when yer looking for a job, why not use all the resources at your disposal? Even at the risk of being flamed, it shows guts or even fortitude. Might not yield anything nor look professional, but the resource was utilized. Constructive feedback was already offered/posted, so I will skip that portion, but I'll never cap on a feller that asks for help in finding a job in such a way. But this reply makes me think of strappin on the holsters. A recruiter is going to do better than just say "whatever man". Networking and recruiting takes skill and "love". A recruiter that is smart is not going to trash everything with such an attitude (atleast if they wish to stay connected for long)... even if they don't like the method used by the prospective employee. Normally they will offer advice (give the love), make a contact (show the love), file in the back of their mind for later (think about love) or just file it under G (deny the love), depending upon the value they see in the situation. But to say "move on" would result in a regret later when that person either has the skill sets or runs a company that provides some sort of resource needed. Basically, what goes around ... comes around. It's also a "small town" technology wise. In the end, such a attitude will come back to bite ya later... sometimes sooner. Mister EdFaculty
Math faculty apply once a year, usually in early March. If qualified, applicants are invited to interview and present a relevant lesson. Applicants must have a master's degree in the stated field of teaching. See offical announcements at the left..
Teaching Instructional Student Associates (TISA)
Math teaching associates usually apply and are interviewed in the spring. See offical announcement at the left.
Instructional Student Assistants (ISA)
Learning Skills math and writing hires instructional student assistants to tutor in the Learning Skills math tutoring labs and the writing lab respectively. Instructional student assistants are hired in the fall and spring. See official announcement at the left.Create your free Eric's Offers Account
You need to be logged in to earn cashback.
8Ball
3.5% Cashback
8ball offers fun and themed t-shirts as well as a range of fun underwear at very reasonable prices. They stock hundreds of exclusive products and brands ranging from licensed retro and movie tees, to slogan and hilariously funny ones.Its a new low, but still higher then it should be.
"The latest Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that just five percent (5%) of Likely Voters rate the job Congress is doing as good or excellent. Sixty-eight percent (68%) view Congress’ job performance as poor. (To see survey question wording, click here.)
...
The survey of 1,000 Likely Voters was conducted on December 27-28, 2011 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence. Field work for all Rasmussen Reports surveys is conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, LLC. See methodology."
Friday, December 30, 2011
5% Think Congress Doing a Good Job
Posted by Andrew Berman at 12/30/2011 11:25:00 PM
>>IMAGE.International Journal of Mathematics and Mathematical SciencesVolume 2005 (2005), Issue 14, Pages 2299-2306doi:10.1155/IJMMS.2005.2299
Mathematics Department, COMSATS Institute of Information Technology, Islamabad, Pakistan
Received 19 December 2004; Revised 8 May 2005
Copyright © 2005 Muhammad Aslam Noor. This is an open access article distributed under the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited.
In this paper, we use the auxiliary principle technique in
conjunction with the Bregman function to suggest and analyze a
three-step predictor-corrector method for solving mixed quasi
variational-like inequalities. We also study the convergence
criteria of this new method under some mild conditions. As special
cases, we obtain various new and known methods for solving
variational inequalities and related optimization problems.Looking for an inexpensive way to treat yourself this holiday season? Amazon, Apple and Google might have what you desire with deals on albums and singles. [iTunes link] for 2011's biggest albums — including ones from Britney Spears, Coldplay, Foo Fighters and Foster the People — as well as past year's hits, from the likes of Elton John, Jimmy Buffett and Neil Diamond.
Cloud music services in the past have offered steep sales to bring in more users. In May, for example, people who bought Lady Gaga's Born This Way album for $0.99 through Amazon also scored 20 GB of cloud storage. so. The Tea Party
Maybe so. The Tea Party
Maybe so. The Tea Party started out being a Ron Paul/ Libertarian movement. Then GB, etc took it over. Now he's claiming to be a Libertarian. I'm not saying to not welcome people with open arms. I'm saying watch out for people saying they are Libertarians and then attempting to transform the meaning into something else. But yes, now that i've watched the entire Judge nap interview, I feel better about his sincerity. The opening dialogue was rough.
"Where liberty is, there is my country." -Benjamin FranklinMachine operation and maintenance causes approximately 1800 injuries and over 80 deaths in Canada each year. However, these incidences are preventable occurrences. Treating them as random accidents outside our control contributes to even more preventable injuries and fatalities.
Vickers-Warnick considers machine safety-guarding to be the most important workplace consideration—your employees are human before they’re resources. Equip them with the very best in machine safety-guarding.
As a leader in machine safety-guarding, Vickers-Warnick has established five machine safety-guarding tips for your consideration:
1. Become current with all government machine-guarding safety standards and regulations.
Educating yourself on machine safety and remaining current on the most recent government codes and regulations is the first step toward effective machine safety-guarding. We strictly adhere to Canadian Standards Association codes pertaining to the protection of personnel from the hazards arising from the use of mobile or stationary machinery, particularly code Z432, ‘Safeguarding of Machinery.’
As part of our commitment to safety, Vickers-Warnick provides comprehensive safety seminars for all employment sectors with the most up-to-date regulatory information.
2. Identify your ‘pinch-points.’
Always identify a machine for its ‘pinch-points’—a machine’s moving parts or places where body parts can become caught, like chain-drives and feed-rolls, or other moving parts adjacent to fixed objects. Once these are discovered, then they can be appropriately safety-guarded.
Also determine if plant personnel can be in a machine’s operating zone while a machine is operating. Be sure to guard the operation area with the correctly measured enclosures and door interlocks before allowing personnel exposure. The best method to manage the risks of pinch-points is to eliminate access to them through the use of guards.
3. Determine the precise safety equipment.
Precisely matching machine-guarding safety equipment to a specific machine and work environment ensures that your personnel remain safe and efficient workers. Customizing your safety equipment to the machine’s pinch-points integrally contributes to personnel safety.
4. Know your stop-times.
The stop-time is the measurement of how long a machine takes to completely shut-down after cutting its power supply. This measurement is necessary to know in order to obtain the correct machine safety-guarding equipment.
For example, when determining the right light-curtain, or other presence-detection device, you must know the distance from the hazard, the stop-time, and how large the opening space is. The protection area can range from the size of an operator’s finger to the entire body’s size. Knowing your specs for each different machine is crucial to personnel safety.
5. Know your safety-guarding material.
Vickers-Warnick works primarily with aluminum and stainless steel machine guards, which ensures that our equipment works appropriately with your equipment—and protects your personnel against preventable injuries.
>>See the complete range of Vickers-Warnick’s customized machine safety-guarding solutions here.
- Multifunctional Safety Light Curtains from Schmersal Offer Key Safety Features - December 4, 2014
- Why Do I Need a Machine Safety Assessment? - November 17, 2014
- The Top 5 Business Benefits of an Occupational Health and Safety Program - November 5, 2014
- Only One Week Until Our Free Machine Safety Seminar – Don’t Miss Out! - October 24, 2014
- Meet Our Machine Safety Seminar Experts – Coming Up on Oct. 31 and Nov. 3 - October 20, 2014
- Upcoming Ontario Ministry of Labour Safety Blitz: November 3 – December 14, 2014 - October 10, 2014
- Sign Up for Our FREE Machine Safety Seminar in Rochester, NY, USA - October 2, 2014
- Register Now for Our FREE Machine Safety Seminars Coming Up in Mississauga and Hamilton! - September 19, 2014
- Why You Need a Risk Assessment: Do You Know How Safe Your Machine Environment Is? - September 5, 2014
- Do You Know the Indirect Costs of Unsafe Machine Guarding Practices? - August 22, 2014Suppliers believe demand for all-wheel-drive systems will be stronger than ever once the current recession ends.
Until then, they’ll remain hard at work developing new, advanced systems that are more cost-effective and fuel-efficient, executives say.
While it has been impacted by the severe market downturn, Swedish supplier Haldex AB says it has weathered the storm better than some competitors due to the recent introduction of its new fourth-generation AWD technology.
The new system, which Haldex says is more cost-effective, lighter and faster responding because it uses fewer parts, debuted on Volkswagen AG’s Tiguan small cross/utility vehicle. Since then, other VW Group models have migrated to the technology, including the VW Golf, Passat, Caddy and Multivan; Audi TT and A3; and Skoda Octavia, Superb and Yeti.
“We have been fortunate launching new models (during the recession),” says Ulf Herlin, vice president-business development for Haldex Traction Systems Div. “So at least it dampens the fall for us compared to many suppliers.”
Other parts makers say the economic downturn has caused a change in the type of systems cost-conscious consumers are demanding.
While many car buyers value the benefits of AWD, such as increased safety, they are concerned about the added cost and negative effect the technology has on fuel economy, says Ericka Nielsen, director-marketing for BorgWarner Inc.
“Customers are always making decisions, and fuel economy plays into that,” she says. “One way to (address that concern) is to reduce the penalty for AWD (systems) by making them more compact, active, integrated and fuel-efficient.”
BorgWarner is delving further into development of electronically controlled, on-demand AWD systems that can be tailored to specific vehicle sizes.
“We’re seeing a trend with our OEM customers who are trying to right-size their AWD systems to match drivers’ mobility requirements,” says John Barlage, BorgWarner product business director.
Erwin Haas, senior vice president and head of engineering-Magna Powertrain, agrees the AWD market is shifting due to demand for greater fuel economy. That has the Canada-based supplier concentrating much of its efforts on developing AWD systems for smaller vehicles.
“In this market, people are buying smaller cars,” he says. “For sure, fuel consumption is a big task for the future, and all customers are asking for cost reductions besides the environmental issues we have to address.”
In the U.S., AWD traditionally has been more widely available on imports than domestic models.
For the ’04 model year, 8.7% of imported cars featured the systems, compared with just 1.4% of domestic cars, while imported light trucks boasted a 65.4% penetration rate vs. 49.3% of domestics, Ward’s data shows.
That gap has not narrowed much in the last four years. In ’08, only 2.6% of domestic cars featured the system, compared with 11.3% of imported cars. The ’08 light-truck AWD penetration rate for imports was a whopping 63.8%, vs. 48.6% for the domestics.
But the gap may be on the verge of narrowing, as both Magna and Haldex expect U.S. demand to rise.
Herlin says much of the anticipated growth will come from U.S. consumers who continue to exit the truck segment in favor of CUVs.
“I see more CUVs taking over truck-based vehicles,” he says. “When customers who are used to having a truck buy a CUV for the first time, they want (AWD systems).”
Haas notes the U.S. penetration rate was at an all-time high before the recession.
“We know the market is down in the U.S., but in Europe (we’re) facing some problems because volume is shrinking there and customers are delaying or cancelling programs.”
Europeans and Americans also demand different AWD attributes, Herlin says.
“In Europe, everybody reads (automotive) magazines, so a vehicle evaluation is important for a buyer,” he says. “In the U.S. it’s more cost-oriented. Period.”
While suppliers wait for an upturn in the U.S. and monitor the situation in Europe, they largely remain bullish on emerging markets. In places such as China, Russia and India, “requirements are not as high as Europe and North America,” Haas says.
Some emerging markets, particularly China, appear on track to surpass developed nations in automotive technologies, Herlin says, adding Haldex does not yet supply Chinese auto makers with AWD.
“If you looked at Japan when they first started building cars, they weren’t very good. Now we all know how good they are,” he says. “Korea was the same way. I think China will go the same way, but even faster. They have the skill and means to learn faster.”
Ironically, the growth in AWD demand could negatively impact some suppliers, as auto makers begin to see the value in bringing that work in-house.
“So in this type of market, you have to evaluate when to participate in programs,” Nielsen says.
To sustain future growth, suppliers are looking for new ways to integrate AWD technology with advanced powertrains, particularly electric.
BorgWarner got a jump on the trend when it won the contract to supply the AWD system for Tesla Motors Inc.’s Roadster electric vehicle.
“The roadster is very specialized and small volume, but it was good to be aligned with such a high-profile vehicle,” Barlage says, noting developing an AWD system that could handle the high-torque capacity of the car’s electric drivetrain proved challenging.
“Lessons learned on that will be applied to more practical, higher-volume vehicles,” he says. “But I’m excited about the future of electrification and the opportunity it holds.”
Magna will supply the drivetrain, among other components, for the planned Ford Focus EV due next year.
“We’re going to support the electric Focus, and in Europe (we have) a lot of activities regarding electrification, including full EVs, or electric axles for hybrids,” Haas says.
Meanwhile, Haldex is working on upgrading its current AWD portfolio, including the development of low-cost, torque-vectoring AWD technology that can direct power to individual wheels.
While a handful of luxury auto makers currently offer such systems, cost has prevented application on high-volume vehicles.
“We have prototypes, but they’re not in production with any car manufacturer,” Herlin says. “We’re working on different concepts and trying to get a cost-effective system that would interest our customers.”Layer meaning in Hindi :
Get detailed meaning of LAYER in Hindi language.This page shows Layer meaning in Hindi with Layer definition,translation and usage.This page provides translation and definition of Layer in Hindi language along with grammar, synonyms and antonyms.Answer of question : what is meaning of Layer in Hindi dictionary? Layer ka matalab hindi me janiye (Layer का हिंदी में मतलब )
Dictionary Type
Mobile & Tablet
Dictionary Tools
Advertisements
Discuss LayerMeaning
Word of the dayMeatloaf with Mustard and Sour Cream Gravy Recipe
Healthy Dessert Recipe – Swag Bars
A Favorite Recipe – Italian Drip Beef Sandwiches
I’m sure by now, you all know that I love cooking and especially love trying new recipes. I recently stumbled across The Pioneer Woman website, and I loved what I found. The New Yorker-turned-country-girl blogs about
Scrumptious Junk Food Recipes
Cucumber Salad with Bacon, Apples and Fresh Parsley
_9<<
Would You Eat A Deep-Fried Full Christmas Dinner?
New York City Global Partners evolved from the Sister City Program of the City
of New York, Inc. The Sister City Program was restructured and renamed New York
City Global Partners in 2006 with the aim of expanding the City’s interaction
with world cities while maintaining its historic ten sister city relationships.
The organization continues its membership in Sister Cities International, founded
on President Dwight D. Eisenhower’s people-to-people principles which promote
citizen exchange between U.S. and foreign cities.
New York City’s historic ten sister cities are:08 March 2013 09:22 [Source: ICB]
Demand for polyethylene (PE) and polypropylene (PP) is causing concern for sellers in Europe, as volumes remain flat in most areas, sources said.
."
There was an uptick in spot PE activity following the settlement of the monomer contracts on 28 February, and while volumes have not been particularly strong, prices have edged up.
Low density PE .
Inventories of PE and PP are not thought to be particularly high along the chain and several sellers expect availability to tighten quickly if demand returns.
"We can only cover contractual business at the moment," said a PP producer. "We don't have enough for any extra business."
« Trista Sutter Talks About Her New Baby Girl | Home | Dancing With The Stars: More Dancers Leaving The Show »
American Idol: Paula Abdul’s Painkiller Addiction
May 07, 2009 01:00 PM by Britteny Elrick
Paula Abdul is finally opening up about her 12 dependency on prescription medication. The performer has dealt with a fair share of rumors surrounding her sometimes unexplainable behavior on American Idol, and she is finally talking about it. Paula sat down with Ladies’ Home Journal to talk about her struggles and triumphs over the years…
During the course of her career, Paula has suffered many injuries. When she was just 17, she suffered a horrible back injury while cheerleading and decided toopt out ofback surgery, which she was told might not fix the problem anyway. Her injuries continued as she got increasingly famous. Paula broke her leg during on-stage rehearsals in1991, followed by asevere car crash in 1992, where she incurred a neck injury. Then in 1993 she was involved in an Iowa plane crash, which left her partially paralyzed, and she needed 15 spinal surgeries to recover. Paula said of her injuries, “I’d been working nonstop. But she wasn’t really living. I’m an old-school professional, never let them see you sweat.”
All of this led to the fact that Paula was taking severe pain medication for several years until finally deciding to give it all up last November. She checked herself into a rehab facility and said, “I could have killed myself…. Withdrawal — it’s the worst thing. I was freezing cold, then sweating hot, then chattering and in so much pain, it was excruciating. But at my very core, I did not like existing the way I had been.”
Paula is happy with her lifenow and looking for a fresh start. She plans on selling her home and traveling. “I went around the world on tour, but all I saw was the inside of my hotel rooms,” she says. “I’m working on finding that guy,” she says. “I’m just like every other girl who wants to find a soul mate and live happily ever after.”
And despite all the rumors,Paula loves being ajudge on American Idol. Even though she tried to quit seven times on her first day, she remarks, “From day one Simon and I have had a love-hate relationship. He’s like the brother I never had, or wanted. But I always knew the show was going to be a big success.” Without Paula there would be a definite lack of compassion towards the contestants. She said,”It’s been an amazing journey. American Idolhas been a gift. Nothing makes me happier than nurturing talent and seeing them rise and take flight. It’s my true calling in life.”: wiredimage.com
Topics: American Idol, FOX Reality TV Shows, Paula Abdul |
« Trista Sutter Talks About Her New Baby Girl | Home | Dancing With The Stars: More Dancers Leaving The Show »"Mythbusters" plans episode on "Breaking Bad": "We’re going to push the limit of humor about this as far as we can, and it’s a difficult line because 'Mythbusters' is a family show," says co-host Adam Savage (Entertainment Weekly)
USA Network won't continue with "Political Animals" ... (Deadline)
... and cancels "Fairly Legal" and "Common Law" (Entertainment Weekly)
Steven Tyler on live television at 8 a.m.: What could go wrong? (E!)
Nicki Minaj says she has worked on that British accent, with the help of Scary Spice and Hermoine from "Harry Potter" (Huffington Post)
CMA Awards has all-time low ratings, but still beats "The X Factor" (Hollywood Reporter)
Jamie Foxx likely to play the villain in next "Spider-Man" flick (Variety)- About
- News & Reports
- Take action
- Media
- Events
- Web Links
- Donate to CHAN Site
Recent Feature Articles
Organization of American States insider reveals details of illegal foreign intervention against Haitian democracy
Huge demonstrations in Haiti call for President’s resignation; proposal for a post-Martelly transitional government comes to the fore
CBC News examines implications of Haiti cholera lawsuit for UN operations worldwide, including in the Philippines
Stephen Lewis, Canada’s former UN ambassador, says the world body must be accountable for cholera in HaitiA friend of mine got what was supposed to be a Samsung Note 3 but when I saw it I could tell it was a fake one with a really bad rom installed on it and I was hoping that one of you out there happen to run accross it and would know the model it is and maybe a better rom to flash onto it.Twenty-eight People on Death Row in Kuwait's Bulging Jails
Twenty-eight people convicted of serious crimes are currently on death row in Kuwait's only prison, whose capacity has been exceeded by 50 percent, a newspaper reported on Sunday.
Capital punishment is uncommon in Kuwait, but a 1995 law which, stiffened penalties for drug trafficking has increased the number of death sentences handed down by Kuwait's courts.
The majority of the convicts facing the gallows have been sent down for drugs trafficking or murder.
Al-Qabas paper also quoted security sources as saying that the emirate's central jail had a capacity of 2,000 but currently housed some 3,000 inmates.
Kuwait has allocated some 40 million dinars (131 million dollars) to build a new prison complex, but this is not expected to be ready for another two years..
Seventeen people have been executed in Kuwait since 1991 - KUWAIT CITY (AFP)
© 2000 Al Bawaba ()Looking for an authentic wine experience in Paris? Curious about French wine?
We would be pleased to welcome you for a wine tasting to introduce you to the diversity of French wine. Just imagine yourself sampling nice Bordeaux, Burgundy or Champagne in a relaxing atmosphere…
We offer several wine tastings in beautiful and historical places in Paris. They are designed for small groups, from 2 to 10 persons, and are led by our French English-speaking sommeliers.
During these wine tastings, your private sommelier will take care of you and will give you the keys to understand the basics of French wine: the wine regions, the grape varieties, the styles of wines and of course, wine and food pairing!
Every week, we offer the following wine tasting events:
An introduction to the French wines in a historical restaurant, starting in an old Parisian cellar.
6 wines (incl. Champagne) accompanied with nice cheese and charcuterie
A wine and cheese pairing experience in an old cheese cellar
4 wines paired with 4 cheeses
An unforgettable experience with Premium French wines!
5 Premium wines accompanied with nice cheese and charcuterie
We also offer these wine tastings through a full dinner.
Every week, you can join our wine dinners for a unique wine and food pairing experience:
• Parisian bistrot wine dinner
A friendly and typically Parisian wine and food experience, in a small and friendly bistrot atmosphere.
5 wines paired with a 3-courses delicious bistrot menu
• Paris Normandy wine dinner
The romantic atmosphere of a historical private room in the heart of Paris
6 wines (incl. Champagne) with a 4-course menu
Our wine events last approximately 2hrs, depending on the wine tasting you choose. You can check the availability of the different wine events in our web site on the agenda ().
Reservations are made directly online, but don’t hesitate to contact us for further information.
Feel free to ask any other request you may have for a private wine tasting event in Paris!
Looking forward to seeing you soon!
“A great way to spend an evening in Paris” (Jane, Australia, March 2014)
“An unforgettable experience that everyone should try” (Andrew, Berlin, Feb 2014)I know it’s not officially summer yet, but it sure feels like it. To that end (and for the sake of trying to get as many people outside grilling as possible) I just lowered the price of my new Kindle Single (Bittman’s Kitchen, What I Grill and Why) to 99 cents, where it will stay from now until the end of summer. Happy grilling!On Staff Technical Support
Our staff at Nichols is well trained to answer your inquiry and provide cost-effective and equitable solutions to the simplest and most challenging issues. When additional expertise is needed on specific topics or industries, on staff technical support specialists with extensive knowledge and training stand ready to serve you. Your janitorial and packaging supply needs and questions will be addressed as if they were Nichols’ own.
Equipment
Mike Steers, a 28 year veteran in the janitorial and packaging equipment industry, consults on equipment selection as well as designs and implements preventative maintenance and training programs for custodial teams across the Great Lakes Region. Mike's IICRC-CMT certification is the foundation of his leadership and knowledge in carpet care and hard floor care procedures. Mike.Steers@enichols.com
Sustainability
Renae Hesselink, CPIM, LEED-AP, can consult on green cleaning programs, LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design), Lean 5s, recycling and other topics related to sustainability. Renae is also the Chair of the U.S. Green Building Council in West Michigan and their Green School Advocacy Chair. Renae.Hesselink@enichols.com
Tapes & Adhesives
Tony Rewers, a 25 year veteran in Industrial sales and 3M Certified Specialist for tapes and adhesives, has extensive expertise in industrial tapes and adhesives for the product manufacturing and shipping process to include metal finishing and fabrication, metallurgical processes, MRO and PPE Safety training and practices. Tony.Rewers@enichols.com
Industrial/Packaging
Chris Caird, Certified Packaging Professional, has expertise in shipping and packaging assessment and product selection. info@enichols.com
Healthcare
Bogie (Bill) Ogden, market specialist in Healthcare can consult on selection of products and procedures as well as infection control in the acute and long-term healthcare environment. Bill.Ogden@enichols.com
Education
Glen Huizenga, a veteran of the cleaning industry, a former custodian now market specialist, can provide product selection, staffing, training and process improvement consultation for the education market. Glen.Huizenga@enichols.com
Laundry
Paul Faasse can consult on high volume commercial laundry programs including product selection, equipment installation and service and troubleshooting. Paul.Faasse@enichols.com
Food Processing
Charlie Heiler has over 30 years of experience in the janitorial and packaging industries and can consult on training, procedures, systems, and product selection. Charlie.Heiler@enichols.com
Food Processing
Kelly Snider brings extensive experience in the commercial baking and produce industries to the table, can consult on hand hygiene, safety, sanitation equipment, supplies, chemicals, and packaging. She has completed the AIB (American Institute of Baking) Food Processing Sanitation & Hygiene course and has HACCP training & experience.
Kelly.Snider@enichols.com
Food Processing
Erik Beckstrom brings nearly five years industry experience to Nichols. Erik can consult on vendor consilidation, cost savings or new and innovative ideas. He has completed the HACCP training. Erik.Beckstrom@enichols.comClue: Threaded metal fastener
We have 2 answers for the clue Threaded metal fastener. See the results below.
Possible Answers:
Related Clues:
- Carpenter's fastener
- Construction piece
- Bolt holder
- Threaded fastener
- Hardware item
- Threaded holder
- Letter-shaped fastener
- Carpenter's metal piece
- Bit of hardware
- Letter-shaped hardware item
Last Seen In:
- USA Today - December 12, 2008
- Washington Post - October 28, 2003
- New York Times - June 11, 2000
- New York Times - January 25, 1999
Found an answer for the clue Threaded metal fastener that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!
- Z-COOL Youth/JV Shoulder Pads Learn More
- Youth Dazzle Football Pants w/ Pads Learn More
- Cutters X40 Revolution Receiver Gloves Learn More
- Z- Cool Walk-thru/Injury Vest Learn More
- Youth Solo Polyester Football Pants Learn More
- Z-Cool Youth Rib Protector Learn More
- Z-Cool Varsity Rib Protector Learn More
- Gamebreaker Soft Helmet Learn More
- Rawl Yth Force Helm Matte Blk w/Gr SO2JR Learn More
Alleson 700JY Football JerseyCall for PricingAlleson 700JY Football Jersey Learn More
- Comp Pro Youth 5-Pad Girdle Learn More
- Comp Pro Adult 3-Pad Girdle Learn More
UA Stock Crusher Football JerseyStarting at:UA Stock Crusher Football Jersey Learn More
- Alleson 675NF-No Fly- Youth FB Pant Learn MoreSandro Hawke wrote: > On Thu, 2011-04-07 at 20:43 -0400, Eric Prud'hommeaux wrote: >> * Sandro Hawke <sandro@w3.org> [2011-04-07 18:23-0400] >>> On Thu, 2011-04-07 at 18:18 -0400, David Wood wrote: >>>>... >>> I think it's one of the candidate solutions for the GRAPHS use cases. >>> My guess is it's unlikely to survive, but who knows. :-) >>> >>> Maybe I should move it from [Cleanup tasks] to [GRAPHS] ? >> People objected to reification for inference and syntax reasons. >> >> INFERENCE >> The inference issues boil down to the fact that rules applicable to a >> flat graph must be transformed when applied to a reified graph. The >> principle exemplar being owl:sameAs: >> <LoisLane> <says> [ rdf:s <Superman> ; rdf:p <can> ; rdf:o <fly> ] . >> <Superman> owl:sameAs <ClarkKent> . >> Applying the sameAs to the reified graph tells you that Lois Lane says >> that Clark Kent can fly, just as it would if you applied it to all >> symbols in >> <SYSTEM> { <LoisLane> <uttered> <G1> . } >> <G1> { <Superman> <can> <fly> . } >> >> If we want use graphs for quoting, we have to be judicious about the >> application of sameAs. Perhaps we want our <SYSTEM> to infer that if >> <Superman> <canBeatUp> <LexLuther> . >> then >> <ClarkKen> <canBeatUp> <LexLuther> . >> Of course, we can be equally judicious about the application of sameAs >> in the reified world, using a rule like: >> { ?X owl:sameAs ?Y . >> <SYSTEM> <holds> [ rdf:s ?X ; rdf:p ?p ; rdf:o ?o ] . } >> => >> { <SYSTEM> <holds> [ rdf:s ?Y ; rdf:p ?p ; rdf:o ?o ] . } >> >> In short, I'm not convinced that named graphs offers any more quoting >> ability than reification. We just can't mix reified and non-reified >> statements. (More precisely, we need to know which statements are >> reified, much as we need to know if an statement is inside {}s.) >> >> >> SYNTAX >> We can define a predicate <uttered> to encode quoting in named graphs: >> uttered: asserts that the subject asserted all of the statements >> in the graph named in the object. >> <SYSTEM> { <LoisLane> <uttered> <G1> . >> <Superman> <canBeatUp> <LexLuther> .} >> <G1> { <Superman> <can> <fly> . } >> or reification: >> uttered: asserts that the subject asserted the dereification of the >> objects of the <holds> arc from the object. [wordsmithing opportunity] >> <SYSTEM> <holds> [ rdf:s <LoisLane> ; rdf:p <uttered> ; rdf:o <G1> ] , >> [ rdf:s <Superman> ; rdf:p <canBeatUp> ; rdf:o <LexLuther> ] . >> <G1> <holds> [ rdf:s <Superman> ; rdf:p <can> ; rdf:o <fly> ] . >> or more simply in N3: >> uttered: asserts that the subject asserted the statements in the object. >> <SYSTEM> <holds> { <LoisLane> <uttered> { <Superman> <can> <fly> . } . >> <Superman> <canBeatUp> <LexLuther> . } . >> >> What happens when Lois says that Lex says that Superman can fly? >> name graphs: >> <SYSTEM> { <LoisLane> <uttered> <G1> . >> <Superman> <canBeatUp> <LexLuther> . } >> <G1> { <LexLuther> <uttered> <G2> . } >> <G2> { <Superman> <can> <fly> . } >> reification: >> <SYSTEM> <holds> [ rdf:s <LoisLane> ; rdf:p <uttered> ; rdf:o <G1> ] , >> [ rdf:s <Superman> ; rdf:p <canBeatUp> ; rdf:o <LexLuther> ] . >> <G1> <holds> [ rdf:s <LexLuther> ; rdf:p <uttered> ; rdf:o <G2> ] . >> <G2> <holds> [ rdf:s <Superman> ; rdf:p <can> ; rdf:o <fly> ] . >> n3: >> <SYSTEM> <holds> { >> <LoisLane> <uttered> { >> <LexLuther> <uttered> { >> <Superman> <can> <fly> . } . } . >> <Superman> <canBeatUp> <LexLuther> . } >> >> SPARQL syntax might lead us to believe that queries can use nesting to >> match she-said-he-said quotes, but I don't think there's any distinction >> between (here arbitrarily promoting <SYSTEM> to the default graph): >> ASK { >> ?she <uttered> ?g1 >> GRAPH ?g1 { >> ?he <uttered> ?g2 >> GRAPH ?g2 { >> <Superman> <can> <fly> >> } >> } >> } >> and >> ASK { >> ?she <uttered> ?g1 >> GRAPH ?g1 { >> ?he <uttered> ?g2 >> } >> GRAPH ?g2 { >> <Superman> <can> <fly> >> } >> } >> >> The real challenge for named graphs comes when we don't have names for >> our speach acts. Reification causes no problem: >> <SYSTEM> <holds> [ rdf:s <LoisLane> ; rdf:p <uttered> ; rdf:o _:g1 ] . >> _:g1 <holds> [ rdf:s <LexLuther> ; rdf:p <uttered> ; rdf:o _:g2 ] . >> but names graphs requires bnode scope to escape the graph boundries: >> <SYSTEM> { <LoisLane> <uttered> _:g1 . } >> _:g1 { <LexLuther> <uttered> _:g2 . } >> Critics of bnodes will no doubt say "invent names for your speach acts", >> but "honor the names you invented" is a pretty heavy burden compared to >> having to write out reification. > > Are you saying the rdf Reification is a good solution to the [GRAPHS] > use cases? It sounds like it. the or a? One could also take {} syntax to be Set (rather than [] list) of RDF Statements, such that { <Superman> <can> <fly> } is a Set of one (RDF) Statement. It would have to be a Set because it's unordered and contains no duplicates. As indicated by the N3 example Eric posted above. Which a simplified snippet of would be: <LexLuther> <uttered> { <Superman> <can> <fly> } . (note, remember ) Which really, is a lot like: <LexLuther> <uttered> [ rdf:s <Superman> ; rdf:p <can> ; rdf:o <fly> ] . But {} is far more concise when you're dealing with / annotating more than one statement. From this point of view, that's why I prefer quoted graphs to both trig style named graphs, and traditional rdf reification. aside: If you couple this with the first bullet of [1] )." .. and also create a specific property like x:author which had some special form of entailment (can't knock this up off the top of my head, you'll see why!), then.. .. given a "document" available at: <> with the content: <> x:author </me#LexLuther> . <#Superman> y:can y:fly . It should be possible to see this as: { <#Superman> y:can y:fly } x:author </me#LexLuther> ; y:from <> . and infer: </me#LexLuther> x:uttered { <#Superman> y:can y:fly } . But that's going off on a tangent I fear, that said, it would be interesting to view all names like that - <doc#id> as a pair of (doc, #id) - then when you're pulling data off the web, for each name in the graph, you can see whether the doc part matches the <doc> which you dereferenced, and if so establish that it's using that name "authoritatively" (for lack of a better word) ... couple that with following your nose to </me> to see if the x:author has asserted <#LexLuther> x:wrote </ivans-never/seen/superman> and you've got the makings of something pretty cool ... and couple that with a signature asserted in </ivans-never/seen/superman> which can be verified using a public key found in </me> and associated to </me#LexLuther> and things start getting very interesting (WOT?!). Anyway, enough rambling! [1] Best, NathanReceived on Friday, 8 April 2011 23:24:09 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 22:01:58 UTCThe Baku Crystal Hall’s facade consists of mesh-fabric and coated-polyester diamond and triangular-shaped panels across an aluminium frame, together with 9,500 LED lights that illuminate the stadium at night
Architexture
‘Frei stands for freedom, as free and as liberating as a bird in flight, swooping and soaring in elegant and joyful arcs, (…) and as compelling in its economy of line and in the improbability of its engineering as it is possible to imagine, giving the marriage of form and function the invisibility of the air we breathe, and the beauty we see in nature.’ The words of the Pritzker Prize jury on this year’s laureate, Frei Otto.
The highest accolade for architecture internationally will be awarded posthumously on 15 May to the German architect who made his name with the tented-roof construction of the Munich Olympic Stadium and can be regarded as the father of textile architecture. Which is why we’re exploring in our main feature the creative, functional and ecological possibilities of textiles use in contemporary projects.
And Architonic is developing its competence in textiles, too. Designtextiles.com, the portal that we’ve developed with seven high-end brands (currently all from the German-speaking countries), shows you the space-shaping and functional advantages of textiles in architecture, as well as their variety in terms of design. What’s more, Architonic has curated the exhibition ‘Textiled Spaces – Photography by Deidi von Schaewen’, which runs from 4 to 7 May at Techtextil, the leading international trade fair for technical textiles and non-wovens.
Here’s what you’ll find in our April Newsletter:
Architonic Photo Tours: Milano Design Week 2015
Architexture: textiles go constructional
Further Articles from Architonic’s ‘News & Trends’
Eight projects are singled out in the Techtextil competition ‘Textile structures for new building’
Inspiring Search Results No. 40: Screen fabrics
Inspiring Spaces No. 32: Infrastructure buildings
Architecture and Design Projects on Architonic
Architonic’s newsletter for April 2015 can be read (and subscribed to) here.Transcript for audio podcast: August reviews.
In one report, OIG found that Data Services Hub security is being addressed, but critical tasks remain before Affordable Care Act health insurance exchanges open.
Check our website for a Federal News Radio interview with OIG's Kay Daly about CMS's implementation of the Data Services Hub, which is to be used in conjunction with the exchanges, slated to open October 1.
Another review found that the Department of Health and Human Services met Affordable Care Act requirements in awarding co-op loans and that the department should continue to monitor co-ops.
And Medicare could save millions of dollars, OIG found in another report, by strengthening billing requirements for canceled elective surgeries.
OIG noted in one report that Medicare and its beneficiaries could save millions of dollars if critical access hospital location rules were revised.
Go to our website to listen to a podcast on critical access hospital designations.
Wyeth Pharmaceuticals, which was acquired by Pfizer in 2009, is to pay nearly $491 million dollars to resolve criminal and civil liability linked to the company's unlawful marketing of Rapamune, a drug that prevents the body's immune system from rejecting a transplanted organ.
Shands Healthcare is to pay $26 million dollars to resolve allegations that six of its Florida hospitals filed false claims for inpatient procedures that should have been billed as
Northwestern University is to pay nearly $3 million dollars to settle a whistleblower lawsuit; the university allegedly allowed a researcher to file false claims under research grants from the National Institutes of Health.
A former New Hampshire hospital worker entered a guilty plea for his role in the hepatitis C outbreak that led to the infection of dozens of people.
A New York racketeer was jailed for nearly 10.5 years and must forfeit more than $1 million dollars for his role in a $100 million dollar fraud that included "phantom clinic" healthcare providers in 25 states, false Medicare billing, extortion and immigration fraud.
A Brooklyn, N.Y., clinic worker was jailed for eight years for his part in a $77 million dollar Medicare scam; he was ordered to repay $10 million dollars and to forfeit almost a half-million dollars.
An Ohio spine surgeon was charged with persuading patients to have unnecessary surgery for which, authorities said, he fraudulently billed Medicare.
Also in Ohio, 7 oncologists were charged with importing cancer medications that were not approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
A Michigan doctor was charged in a $35 million dollar scheme involving false claims to Medicare for unneeded chemotherapy and other services. The scheme, authorities said, included deliberate misdiagnoses to justify treatment and false billing.
In Louisiana, two defendants are to serve terms of five and 15 years, forfeit more than $9 million dollars and repay more than $17 million dollars in a Medicare home health scam.
A New York doctor who falsely diagnosed his girlfriend with trygeminal neuralgia and gave her a prescription for Dilauded, a controlled substance, pleaded guilty in a drug fraud case.
And a doctor in Westchester County, N.Y., admitted that he fraudulently prescribed oxycodone worth more than $480,000 on the street.
A candidate for comptroller of New York City was charged with illegal distribution of prescription pills, which authorities allege were sold on the street.
In New Jersey, three doctors admitted taking tens of thousands of dollars as part of a sophisticated multimillion-dollar bribes-for-lab-referrals scheme.
A North Carolina mental health counselor was sent to jail for 6 years and must repay more than $6 million dollars in a Medicaid false billing fraud. As part of the scheme, the woman "rented out" her Medicaid provider number to co-conspirators. And she used proceeds from the fraud to buy more than $550,000 dollars in jewelry and vehicles.
Medicare and Medicaid at times pay more for the same service or product than private firms do. To learn more, read an OIG Spotlight article on our website.
And OIG has announced its summer law clerk program for 2014; the application deadline is September 16. Don't miss it!. anybody help my family out
Please help up out we are lost seeking the correct part
Read my earlier posts
Sorry for bluntness. On quick break on mobile platform
Architect
Issue:
Like mech3, the car would randomly feel like it was stalling out when I would step on the gas pedal. This wouldn't happen frequently, but definitely at very inopportune times. The check engine light would come on and if I wasn't stopped, the car would feel like it was starting to shut down.
I have taken it to the shop now three times, and this is the first time they were able to get an error code generated. Note, this is also the first time that the check engine light actually stayed on by the time I arrived at the shop.
Potential Resolution:
Like bhunley, I am having the crank shaft sensor replaced ($420) as well as a couple other sensors ($140). The mechanic said that when the crank shaft sensor isn't receiving the signals correctly, it essentially starts shutting down the car (or something along those lines). He did say that the error needed to happen a few times before the code would get registered by the computer, which is why they couldn't target the problem the first two times I brought the car in. Thankfully, they never charged me for those trips!
Anyway, I'll post back in a few days to let you all know if that fixed my problem. Best of luck to you all...
A technician told me that some of the circuits "fail safe" meaning that when they malfunction, headlights may go on or wipers may runs etc.
My particular problem with my harness was for many times (5) diagnosed as a bad module here or there (refer to my earliest posts in these threads). Some modules were replaced more than once or twice. In my experience, some of the modules were actually OK, but the harness was shorting out modules and ignition switch, etc. I would not be two miles down the road from what was supposed to be a successful repair only to see same "crazy dashboard light show" happen again and again. They did not believe me until i filmed it on my phone's video capability.
Quite frankly, with the new harness my Jeep is running so smooth and true and is like it was always meant to be. It idles smoother than when I bought it, as well as consistently performing well in all kinds of Wx.
The repairs for all the modules replaced totaled $2100 for mine, which I paid over a series of repairs. (Oouch !!!) Then I got in touch with Jeep Customer Support and they were, IMHO, great about dealing with my issue. I was totally documented with dates, times , receipts, etc. I even had them speak directly with Jeep Service Manager as well. In the end they covered to cost of the harness so... I don't know what the actual expense was but BOTTOM LINE.. it was worth all the agro that i went through.
Years ago I personally installed a new wiring harness on my '72 Honda 350CL motorcycle and it to never ran better.
So, as one can see, I am "all about the harness" as being a prime source of many of the symptoms I read in this forum. Sadly, only one way for you to find out...
Best o' Luck
Architect
06 Laredo
103,000 and running smooth
If it's not that, a friend of mine had the same issue (start for 3-5 seconds then stall out) and it was just his key, which he had to get replaced.
Hope that helps!
The part is about $170 and most of the time the dealer has to reprogram the key if it has a build in chip. Good luck, Joe DLetter: Zimmerman didn’t stop at ‘watching’
A recent letter to the editor lauded the efforts of George Zimmerman as a neighborhood watchman (“Zimmerman was working for the good of his community,” Monitor, July 22). I strongly disagree with the letter writer.
If Zimmerman had been a “watch” person and listened to the police dispatcher to not approach Treyvon Martin, there would have been a much different outcome.
Instead, he chose to confront the youngster, likely hoping to be seen as a hero. Had he waited for the police as instructed, Martin would likely still be enjoying his summer vacation. Zimmerman did not “watch and report”; he became a self-appointed vigilante who took the law into his own hands. Is that the kind of system we really want?
Another question: If Martin, in his threatened and fearful state, had wrestled the gun away from Zimmmerman and shot him instead, what do you suppose the outcome would have been?
LINDA RAUTER
Chichester
- Discussion FAQ
- Report a comment
You must be registered to comment on stories. Click here to register.Clarence Forbis (1884 - 1964)
Biography & Family History Add details
Clarence Forbis (1884 - 1964) was born on March 20, 1884. He was born into the Forbis family.
He died in June 1964 at 80 years old.
Clarence Forbis's last known residence is at Missouri.
This record of Clarence Forbis comes from the United States Social Security Death Index. What is the SSDI?
This genealogy of Clarence Forbis's past is a collaborative effort by AncientFaces members Share facts about Clarence to connect to Forbis Add details
- Given name
- Clarence
- Surnames
- Forbis family history
- Last Known Residence
- Missouri
- Born
-
- Death
-
- Gender
- Male
- Sources
- Information on this page comes from the following source: U.S. Social Security Death Index
Obituary Add details
No one has entered info on Clarence Forbis's obituary records. You can add obituary information about Clarence Forbis by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Clarence
Share your memories below with the rest of Clarence Forbis's family, by clicking on the box below. Anyone searching for Clarence will be messaged about your post.
Any posts you make will appear in the comments below for other people to comment on. If you have a story about Clarence you would like to share, consider sharing a storyinstead.
Maintain this biography
Compared to other Forbises
The average lifespan in our database of 1,413 Forbises is 73.2 years old. Clarence Forbis lived 6.8 years longer than this.See more Forbis statsChris Natalius
One Side Love - Poem by Chris Natalius
Winter has changed to spring,
Render blossom of flowers efflorescent,
But still I can’t let the cold heart go,
I’ve lost my soul,
My snowdropp has changed to dust,
Taken away by the calm wind,
I’ve no reason to feel your love again,
This world seems no meaning to me,
I don’t know what I am living for,
I’ve lost half of my heart,
How could I live with part of my heart,
How could I live in this grey world,
The grey has turn my tears to swords,
Swords that cross my heart,
I wish I could see you even a sight,
But this grey has cover you,
I know I must be strong,
But I can’t stand alone in this grey,
I need your light,
To light me in the dark,
I need your smile,
To let me out of this sadness,
I need you,
To let me out of this grey,
This day onward my heart only has one side love,
One side live that will sways all the time,
Till the day you love me,
I only can say,
Let this be the lost chapter of my life,
Because only you the one who can fill my heart,
Only your name that eternally written in my heart.
Read this poem in other languages
This poem has not been translated into any other language yet.
I would like to translate this poem »
Chris Natal2014
January 2014: Submissions are now open! Please see the following information, and email your submission to the email indicated by the end of the January. We cannot wait to hear your stories! LTYM: Indianapolis 2014 Submission Details
November 2013: Judy and I are excited to announce that Listen to Your Mother will be returning to Indianapolis in 2014!! Submissions will be accepted in January, auditions will be held in February, and our show will be held on April 27, 2014 at 1pm and 5pm.
There are a total of 32 cities holding shows this year- check out all the news on the national site: Listen to Your Mother Show.
2013
It’s true! It’s happening!
Listen to Your Mother is expanding to twenty four cities for Mother’s Day 2013 and Indianapolis is one of those cities!
Learn more about the show on a national level at Listen to Your Mother Show.
Learn more about what we’re doing by checking the national site, as well as this page- when I know something, I promise I will post it here too.
The Planning Stage, part one
Reggie’s Delicious Catering Feeds Us!
Our Cause: Partners in Housing
Local Sponsor 12 Stars MediaSir Garfield Sobers Sports Complex
+1 246 437 6010
Overview
Sir Garfield Sobers Sports Complex offers excellent sporting facilities and can accommodate about 4500 to 5000 people. Opened in 1992, this multi-purpose complex is a popular site within the city. This place also boasts of an aquatic center, a gymnasium and Astro Turf center for sports enthusiasts. Well-equipped with all the audio visual equipments, this place has two conference rooms and a sufficient space for conducting cultural events like the reunions, parties and wedding.
- Type: Cultural Events, Sports and the Outdoors
- Credit Cards Accepted: mastercard, amex, visa
NEARBY HOTELS
Waters Meet Beach Apartments
1.7 mi
Pirates Inn
3.0 mi
Magic Isle Apartments
3.0 mi
Hilton Barbados
3.0 mi
NEARBY THINGS TO DO
Harry Bayley Observatory
0.6 mi
Wildey House
0.6 mi
Errol Barrow Park
0.7 mi
Banks Brewery
0.9 mi
Bussa Emancipation Statue
1.0 mi
See All Barbados Things To Do »
NEARBY RESTAURANTS
Apropos Restaurant
0.8 mi
Bellini's Trattoria
1.4 mi
Flying Fish
1.4 mi
Café Sol Mexican Grill
1.4 mi
See All Barbados Restaurants »
NEARBY NIGHTLIFE
Olympus Theatre
0.8 mi
Globe Drive-In
0.8 mi
Globe Cinema, (The)
1.2 mi
Café Sol Mexican Grill
1.4 mi
McBride's Pub & Cookhouse
1.4 mi
See All Barbados Nightlife »
Write a ReviewSign inShowrooming to affect up to $1.7 billion in 2012 holiday retail sales
Fram% to 60% of shoppers with their smartphones in-hand say that they will be “more likely” or “much more likely” to buy what they find in the store as they shop this season when assisted by trustworthy knowledgeable store associates; and
- 41% of showrooming shoppers say that they will be “more likely” or “much more likely” to rely on their smartphones when they encounter retailers who offer private or exclusive merchandise.
.”News
| IGGY POP & NICK CAVE feat. THURSTON MOORE
posted at 05/06/2014
The Jeffrey Lee Pierce Sessions Project, which sees the late Gun Club singers’ friends, former band members and fans paying tribute to his extraordinary genius, is releasing its third and penultimate outing on May 2nd 2014.
Axels & Sockets features many names from the first two volumes including Nick Cave, Debbie Harry, Mark Lanegan, Lydia Lunch, Warren Ellis, Mick Harvey and Kid Congo Powers along with new additions to the collaborative fold in the form of Iggy Pop, Mark Stewart, Thurston Moore, Jim Sclavunos, Primal Scream and Andrew Weatherall.
Co-ordinated by Pierce’s later musical partner Cypress Grove,.
Jeffrey Lee Pierce first roared out of the tunnel in 1981 with the massively influential punk-blues of the Gun Club’s Fire Of Love debut. This was followed by monolithic titles including Miami, The Las Vegas Story and Mother Juno along with solo albums including Wildweed and Ramblin’ Jeffrey Lee & Cypress Grove With Willie Love. In March 1996, Jeffrey died after suffering a brain haemorrhage.
The seeds of the Project were planted when Cypress Grove was cleaning out his loft and unearthed a cassette containing unfinished song skeletons that he and Jeffrey had recorded. Taking full advantage of the digital age, these were given to the artists to carry home, first fruits appearing with 2010’s We Are Only Riders followed by April 2012’s The Journey Is Long (The titles are taken from a piece of prose typed out by Pierce).
Axels & Sockets casts the Project’s net wider than ever, kicking off with Iggy Pop making his debut appearance duetting with Nick Cave on ‘Nobody’s City’ before Debbie Harry invokes the early punk-pop Blondie sound with the Amber Lights (Mick Harvey and JP Shilo) on ‘Kisses For My President’, which Jeffrey wrote about her before she knew he existed (He was president of the Blondie fan club). Cave also completes his trilogy of duets with Debbie on ‘Into The Fire’.
Returning too are Mark Lanegan, along with Bertrand Cantat, Crippled Black Phoenix, Gallon Drunk’s James Johnston and Cypress Grove. Also making their debut are Mark Stewart and Thurston Moore (their take on ‘Shame And Pain’ marking the first time Jeffrey’s vocals have appeared on the set), Primal Scream, whose version of ‘Goodbye Johnny’ is remixed into smokey hoodoo noir by Andrew Weatherall, KatieJane Garside and Andrea Schroeder.
In keeping with Jeffrey’ chosen charities, which encourages disadvantaged LA kids to take up music by buying them instruments, the set also introduces younger bands with Leeds‘ Black Moth, who are produced by Bad Seeds drummer and project co-coordinator Jim Sclavunos and Cornwall’s Honey, helmed by Jeffrey’s old partner-in-crime Kris Needs.
With only Volume 4’s grand finale to come, the Jeffrey Lee Pierce Sessions Project continues to loom as a towering statement in preserving and immortalising his fearsome legacy.(P heard or seen the name "Joseph Kony" over the last week. Indeed, as of Monday morning, 74 million people had watched the Kony 2012 video on YouTube. Most of us also are aware that the video has generated a wide range of reactions. I'm not here to argue for or against the video, the Kony 2012 campaign, or Invisible Children, the nonprofit organization behind the campaign. What makes me kinda nuts, however, is the criticism that Invisible Children doesn't spend enough money on "programs." An article in the Seattle Times on Friday, for example, noted that "The burst of attention [for Invisible Children]...has brought other criticism, including the ratio of the group's spending on direct aid and its Charity Navigator rating." (Charity Navigator, the country's best-known charity evaluator, is changing, but it was one of the worst things to ever happen to the sector, in my opinion.)
I've addressed this issue hundreds of times in my job over the last fourteen years, and I've come to realize I'll probably have to do it hundreds more. So I'll keep it simple: Invisible Children is an advocacy organization; that's what they do. They spend money on media (i.e., "non-direct aid") because that's their strategy. The criticism that they spend too much on "overhead" is like telling Heinz it spends too much on tomatoes. If you want to buy Heinz ketchup, buy it. If you don't, don't. But don't tell Heinz it doesn't know how to make ketchup.
Invisible Children's core "product" is advocacy and heightened awareness. And that requires a fundamentally different financial model than, for example, delivering food to starving people. Heinz and Intel have different business models because they make different products. The same is true in the social sector. Unfortunately, too many of us treat all nonprofits as if they operate in the same product category and use a one-size-fits-all set of metrics to measure their effectiveness -- including often-misleading metrics like percentage of spending on program vs. overhead. Doesn't work, never will, and it often leads to real distortions in charitable giving.
The Kony 2012 video may be incredibly effective advocacy or soft bigotry -- I don't know. But now that it has been released to the public, we should be arguing about the merits of the product, not about whether Invisible Children spent too much to create it.
-- Paul Shoemaker
Re-posted from PhilanTopicdigital voltmeter 1,3 digits digital meter 2,Power supply DC12V 3,15 years experence in this filed
1. good quality 2. reasonable price 3. best service 4. good reputation
floor heating thermostat programmable thermostat thermostat controller digital thermostat radiator thermostat
Brand:Leica Original place:Switzerland Type:GEB121 Colour:Black Voltage:6v
1.Water meter Motor with Diameter:36mm 2.Length can be regulated according to reduction ratio 3.Matches with DC Motor:RF-500TB
Stock Voltage Tester-wo pieces as a set,longer one is 18.8 cm long, short one is 14 cm long w/pen clip for easy to put in pocket
80mm*80mm*25mm DC5V/12VFree
AUTON Motorized Systems
by Mobile Roadie
AUTON MOTORIZED SYSTEMS is the world leader in automated lifts for the discriminating business and home markets. Improv …
500+ downloads, Rating 3.00 (1)
Free
迷你游戏乐园
by Com2uS USA
一个手指就能造就一切~我的掌上乐园——迷你游戏乐园!
★支持语言为中文简体、中文繁體、English、français、Deutsch、日本語、한글★
哇~~好热闹啊!这么多的可爱角色,难道都是来玩11个各自不同的迷你游戏的吗?嘿嘿~你 …
50,000+ downloads, Rating 4.58 (477)
Free
Fishbusterz Seafood
by Ruffino Enterprises
Fishbusterz Fisheries is the largest wholesale fishery in the state of Florida. We are a USDC approved, HACCP compliant, …
100+ downloads, Rating 5.00 (11)
Free
ADB Toggle (ROOT/USB)
by ramdroid
ADB Toggle is a security tool that allows you to toggle the USB debug settings. You can toggle with the homescreen widge …
100,000+ downloads, Rating 3.83 (646)
Free
India Law In Hindi
by Guideinfo
India Law In Hindi App Contain All Information in Hindi languages.
This app contain Law of India's Constitution.
If you …
1,000+ downloads, Rating 3.92 (24)
Free
Jobulator Mobile
by Frontline Technologies
With the Jobulator mobile app, you can be notified of and accept substitute jobs that are available in the Aesop system …
50,000+ downloads, Rating 3.45 (709)
Free
Drippler - Android Tips & Apps
by Drippler
Discover the latest Android tips, top apps, new features, Android updates, cool accessories and more. Join millions of u …
5,000,000+ downloads, Rating 4.52 (250498)
Free
Auto SMS Lite(Autoresponder)
by Thein Min Naing
SMS Auto responder, SMS scheduler, SMS Reader, Instant SMS, SMS Forwarder
★ This app responds to incoming SMS and missed …
500,000+ downloads, Rating 4.30 (7197)
$1.49
Office Phone Ringtones HD
by RCP Tones
The basic tones your Android device is missing. Classic rings; elegant notification tones; professional sounding beeps, …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 4.09 (613)
Free
Magical Cannon Wars (Free)
by RONJI
The vertical scrolling shooter game that combines elements of orthodox magical girl character and story.
Leave a crisp e …
100,000+ downloads, Rating 4.26 (3034)
Free
Online Tas-IX Radio
by UzMasterDev
Application for listening Online radio channels from Tas-IX.
Source
Recent changes:
Added radio …
1,000+ downloads, Rating 4.34 (183)
$4.12
Money Management - MoM
by AWorld Apps
Money Management is an application that lets you keep track of all your expenses and income easily and efficiently.
With …
1+ downloads, Rating 0.00 (0)
$5.99
SoundHound ∞ Music Search
Updated
by SoundHound Inc.
SoundHound is a music search and discovery experience that identifies what is being played around you. Tap the orange bu …
500,000+ downloads, Rating 4.49 (34494)
Free
Spoleto
by Just Eat Brasil
Baixe nosso aplicativo gratuitamente e peça delivery no Spoleto diretamente pelo seu Android! Para utilizar é muito simp …
1,000+ downloads, Rating 2.79 (38)
Free
Crack It - CRT and Aptitude
by Arvind Thanvi
* This CRT app has a common applicability for area requiring good Aptitude, Logical Reasoning (LR), Basic Maths & Englis …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 3.95 (78)The All Star Break couldn’t have made for a better time for Brian to come home to Baltimore for a few days. We are right in the middle of finalizing some wedding details and he gets to be a part of them in person!
Today we are meeting with our reception venue to set the menu for cocktail hour and our late night comfort food stations and then heading to the restaurant where we are holding our rehearsal dinner so that we can set the menu and details for that as well.
Yesterday, we put together all of our invitations and tied one more pink ribbon than I would have ever liked to in my lifetime but the reward of an ice-cold beer made it not all that bad.
However, with the help from my friend, Jeremy, we had invitations, reception cards and RSVP cards and envelopes stuffed into the holders and all ribbons tied in no time.
Too bad someone else’s help was more detrimental than beneficial so he had to get locked away in Telli jail.
And he wasn’t too happy about it either!
Next up is printing the envelopes and finishing the last of the stuffing. I can’t believe just how close the wedding is getting…the reality of putting the invites together made it even more real!
Time to get cracking on our day…we have some reception table number arts and crafts lined up first!
{ 6 comments… read them below or add one }
Enjoy this fun time!
Thank you Karen!!!!
I just finished my invites last night!! Now I just need stamps and it will all feel real
. We are 74 days out and I’m getting really anxious. Good luck with the final planning stages and enjoy this time!!
Yay!!! 74 days – that is soooo close!!! I’m jealous!
Good luck with your final planning stages too!!!
Wait to u have to do the seating chart that’s the worst lol
haha oh I can only imagine! for this program:
To enroll in this course, you should have basic keyboarding and computer skills, be comfortable navigating the Internet and using e-mail, and have an understanding of a word-processing computer program (Microsoft Word is recommended). This program is for you if you're interested in developing your nonprofit management skills.
Click
here for more information on financial assistance.
SubmitBook your room at Holiday Inn Express Hotel & Suites Toronto - Markham
Room, 1 King Bed, Non SmokingMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child))
Eco-friendly hotel with free breakfast and indoor pool
Location
Situated near the airport, this eco-friendly hotel is 2.1 mi (3.4 km) from First Markham Place and 2.9 mi (4.6 km) from Elvis Stojko Arena. Flato Markham Theatre and Frederick Horsman Varley Art Gallery.City of Cape Town to reduce safety sites for displaced persons
By Henry BooysenBy Henry Booysen
20 June 2008
The City of Cape is to reduce the number of safety sites for persons displaced due to last months xenophobic attacks due to the continuing bad weather.
People currently being held at Soetwater near Kommetjie will be now sheltered at the Blue Waters safety site in Strandfontein as the site is more sheltered.
According to the Director of Communication for the City of Cape Town Pieter Cronje the Blue Waters site can accommodate more people, is closer to residential and commercial areas and more shelters from strong winds.
“The overall aim is to reduce the number of people in the safety which the City is managing. This will help ease the management pressures of the sites. The sites will be reduced and ultimately closed through repatriation or re-integration of the displaced people,” says Cronje.
He elaborates that because bad weather is expected for the weekend a joint disaster operations centre will be established by the Disaster Risk teams from the Province and the City.
“Work between the officials of the Province and the City together with the Department of Home Affairs with the UNHCR performing an advisory board will continue,” he says.Craftsy Member since December 2011
I'm enrolled in these Craftsy classes:
2015 Craftsy Block of the Month
Fast & Flexible Log Cabin Quilts
Start Foundation Paper Piecing
Creative Die Cutting With Your Cricut
Machine Savvy: Tips for Creative Sewing
Quick & Easy Quilting
Color Play for Quilters
Playful Piecing Techniques
Spectacular Stamping
Create Stunning Birthday Cards
Mastering Foundation Paper Piecing
2014 Block of the Month: Craftsy Color Theory
Elegant Machine Embroidered Bags
Machine Embroidered Classics
Professional Family Portraits
Piece, Patch, Quilt: Basic Quiltmaking Skills
Machine Embroidery With Knits
Sew Ready: Machine Basics
Perfect Pizza at Home
Traditional Blocks Made Simple
Digitizing Machine Embroidery Designs
The Machine Embroidered T-Shirt
Sewing Studio
The Machine Embroidered Quilt
Mastering Zipper Techniques
Beginner Serging
Pictures to Pixel Quilts
QuiltCon Lecture Series 2013
Quick-Strip Paper Piecing
Machine Quilting
I'm enrolled in these Craftsy workshops:
The iTote
Hexagon Coin Purse
ElsewhereOriginally posted by avi aro: Hi, Is it possible for a thread to come out of wait state even when the other thread has not called notify. I found the following example in the Sun Certified Programmer and Developer book on thread. This example uses notifyAll(). But even if I comment notify, the program works fine. Any suggestions. how is it possible:
Originally posted by Nilesh Deshpande: Even if I change the line notifyAll() to notify(), it gives the sam result. Some one please help me to understand the effect of notify and notifyAll() in this example. Thanks in advance..
"Buttermilk Flavor"
Alanna Ackerman
"Red Velvet Ta Tas"
Sierra
"Big In Brazil"
Lorina
"Glistening Globes"
Sarah
"Titty Superstar"
Gianna Michaels
"Greased N Gooey"
Brandy Talore
"Simply Delicious"
Cassandra Calogera
"Squeeze Play"
Kali West
"Round And Juicy"
Nikara
"All That And More"
Stacy AdamsHigh School Sports
Girls Basketball
- News
- Scores & Schedule
- Photos
- Standings
- Rankings
- Leaders
- Honors
- Roster
- Stats
Layton Christian totals
Field goals: 21 -50 (42.0%) Free-throws: 3 -10 (30.0%)
Chaparral, Nev. totals
Field goals: 22 -73 (30.1%) Free-throws: 4 -12 (33.3%)
Teneshia Davison recorded a double-double with 12 points and 16 rebounds, while Shayla Simpson added 14 points in the LCA...Canadian Dollar Drops From Highest Since May on Risk Aversion
Aug. 21 (Bloomberg) -- Canada’s dollar weakened from an almost four-month high versus its U.S. counterpart after a decline in equities increased investor risk aversion, prompting investors to sell higher-returning currencies.
The dollar had appreciated to the highest level since May 3 as oil gained and stocks rose amid speculation Europe’s debt crisis won’t worsen. The loonie has a 30-day correlation coefficient of 0.81 with the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index. A reading of 1 would indicate they move in lockstep. The correlation with crude oil is 0.63.
“We are seeing a very strong correlation between stocks and the Canadian dollar right now,” said Jack Spitz, managing director of foreign exchange at National Bank of Canada in Toronto, said in a telephone interview. “Risk assets are coming off some, but the fundamental story for Canada still argues for stronger performance given an improving global environment.”
Canada’s currency, nicknamed the loonie, declined 0.08 percent to 98.92 cents per U.S. dollar at 5 p.m. in Toronto. It touched 98.43 cents, the strongest since May 3. One Canadian dollar buys $1.0109.
The S&P 500 dropped 0.4 percent after earlier trading above a four-year closing high of 1,419.04 reached on April 2.
Implied volatility for one-month options on the U.S. dollar versus the Canadian currency remained close to the lowest level since May 2007 at 6.3 percent. The five-year average is 12 percent. Implied volatility, which traders quote and use to set option prices, signals the expected pace of currency swings.
Government bonds were steady, with the yield on 10-year bond little changed at 1.93 percent. The price of the 2.75 percent securities maturing in June 2022 increased 8 cents to C$107.31.
Statistics Canada said today that wholesale sales fell 0.1 percent in June, after rising 0.9 percent in May. The median forecast of 15 respondents in a Bloomberg News survey called for sales to rise 0.3 percent.
To contact the reporter on this story: Chris Fournier in Halifax at cfournier3@bloomberg.net Cordell Eddings in New York at ceddings@bloomberg.net
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Dave Liedtka at dliedtka@bloomberg.netYesterday, in an article titled “Mo. crackdown on taping lectures shows digital divide over academic freedom, student privacy,” the Associated Press falsely claimed that Big Government edited controversial footage of a University of Missouri labor studies course. From the article:
Conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart’s Big Government website obtained a leaked copy and edited hours of classroom lectures to suggest that she and a classroom colleague advocated union violence.
Neither Breitbart, nor Big Government, nor any of the Breitbart editors edited the footage in question.
In fact, Insurgent Visuals claimed publicly that they edited the classroom videos after they were posted online and leaked.
We ask the Associated Press to correct the record., 2004
News Technologies LLC has announced the release of the second generation version of its TriggerNews PL (Private Label) product. This new system is designed to extend the power, ease-of-use, functionality, and advertising potential of its current TriggerNews PL product line. New features found in TriggerNews PL Version 2 include: an iconic user interface that now employs customer-customizable icons; end user windows (open client window, popup windows, etc.), now support skins; popup alert windows can be unique and individually sized, then saved as templates for later use with different alert types; multiple "pill-sized" windows (small, unique, persistently open desktop windows) can be created to display at different sizes and with almost any kind of data or graphics; support for geographic targeting of alerts delivered only to defined regions; and alerts can be scheduled for automatic delivery at specified dates and times or set up to be repeated. Like its predecessor, TriggerNews PL Version 2 is sold in single brand or multi-brand configurations. News Technologies LLC also offers its own monthly subscription news service called TriggerNews, which provides real-time business and world news alerts.()2005 Pontiac Sunfire in Houston, TX
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Accidents Reported
Text Search
CarGurus Quick Poll
2005 Pontiac Sunfire Base Review

Featured Listings
2005 Pontiac Sunfire Used Cars in Houston, TX 77037
Price: $3,500
Mileage: 102,175
Location: Houston, TX 77037
Average time on market: 14 days Certified Pre-Owned: No Color: Red Description: Used 2005 Pontiac Sunfire for sale - $3,500,.Mandagrams – helping to understand written Chinese
This weekend we’re en route to Shanghai and Beijing to do a few lectures, and show the Chinese media a language project we’ve been working on over the summer.
When we were in China last year, there was a lot of interest in our Phonetikana project (merging English phonic sounds with the Japanese script, Katakana), and when we were asked to come back in 2010 and contribute to a British Council exhibition, we wanted to develop an equivalent with written Mandarin.
We noticed that as we studied Chinese, we were struggling to differentiate the shapes and forms of the characters from one another, and wondered if there was a way to make them more pictorial – taking some of the characters back to their visual roots. So the project concentrates on merging Mandarin with appropriate pictograms – we call them Mandagrams.
Here’s a quick preview of some examples. It’s relatively easy to see the ‘roots’ of a character such as ‘mountain’.
And you can see how, over time, characters have simplified from their original shapes and meanings.
But some characters only really make sense…
…when you see them like this.
When multiple characters are gathered together (called radicals) it gets very difficult.
That’s where a Mandagram for ‘monkey’ can be pretty useful.
Here’s a few of the basic characters that we’ve been working on.
And these should be pretty easy to decode.
We’re also experimenting with characters that fuse western and Chinese numerals.
In fact we can bring together the body parts in slightly odd arrangements like this.
We’ll post some more examples and some images from a small exhibit in Shanghai next week.
© johnson banks design limited 2010HLS 104 TRANSPORTATION AND BORDER SECURITY
HLS 104 – Transportation and Border Security
Course Outline
Course Number & Name: HLS 104 Transportation and Border Security
Credit Hours: 3.0 Contact Hours: 3.0 Lecture: 3.0 Lab: N/A Other: N/A
Prerequisites: Grade of “C” or better in HLS 101 or permission of the instructor
Co-requisites: None Concurrent Courses: None
Course Description: Provides an in-depth view of modern border and transportation security. Specific topics include security for seaports, ships, aircraft, trains trucks, pipelines, buses, etc. along with system and industry changes since 9-11. Discussions continue with the technology needed to detect terrorists and their weapons, as well as discussions on the legal, economic, political, and cultural aspects of the problem.
Course Goals: Upon successful completion of this course, students should be able to do the following:
- discuss transportations and border security and threats and potential solutions;
- analyze alternatives, risks, and consequences to selected methods of security operations; and
- demonstrate geographical literacy by analyzing and interpreting graphical information (maps, geographical surveys, aerial photographs, weather patterns, diagrams) to explain how they can be used as possible threats in border patrol and transportation systemsEnd of the Century: APS Today
To Advance & Diffuse the Knowledge of Physics
100 Years of the American Physical Society
The American Center for Physics, headquarters of APS
College Park, Maryland
The American Physical Society continues to serve the international physics community with journals, meetings, and public programs of the first rank.
In 1997, APS members ratified a new, augmented mission statement: In the firm belief that an understanding of the nature of the physical universe will be a benefit to all humanity, the objective of the Society shall be the advancement and diffusion of the knowledge of physics.
There is no doubt that the Society will keep on its august course in years to come.
Speaking as much to members today as to our founders 100 years ago, Henry Rowland proclaimed:
The study of nature's secrets is the ordained method by which the greatest good and happiness shall finally come to the human race..
Henry Rowland
The Highest Aim of the Physicist
APS Presidential Address, 1899
©1995 - 2015, AMERICAN PHYSICAL SOCIETY
APS encourages the redistribution of the materials included in this newspaper provided that attribution to the source is noted and the materials are not truncated or changed.
Associate Editor: Jennifer OuelletteCG5 meridian flip & other challenges to alignment
#1
Posted 31 December 2012 - 10:28 AM
Al
#2
Posted 31 December 2012 - 10:58 AM
Stan
#3
Posted 31 December 2012 - 02:10 PM
My CG5's gotos are accurate on either side of the meridian all over the sky, no matter how many meridian flips, after careful balancing, two-star alignment and calibration with four stars. Usually when setting up, the first cal star (on the other side of the meridian from the alignment stars) is somewhat off, but by the third it's almost always perfect or near perfect.
In addition to the RA limits, another possibility for fixing the dec housing clash is to experiment with the index mark alignment at start up. I think the only time I had a problem with that was when I intentionally started with the indexes not aligned; it was a while ago, but I do think that was a side effect.
#4
Posted 31 December 2012 - 09:48 PM
#5
Posted 31 December 2012 - 10:18 PM
The best it did with the first alignment star was when I visited my brother who lives about 12° east and a little south of me and I forgot to reset the location; the first alignment star was much closer than usual! Unfortunately, it thought some things were still up when they weren't actually, because of the error. Oh, well.
I don't know why you're having problems with goto after long slews. I don't have that problem. It may be something as simple as a slipping clutch, but it doesn't seem to be a design flaw with the mount since mine works. Keep looking!
I'm using version 4.16 HC software (I think).
#6
Posted 01 January 2013 - 06:31 AM
#7
Posted 01 January 2013 - 09:04 AM
Just wondering if anyone else has this problem, namely GOTOs are just fine until a GOTO sends a very long slew, usually this happens when I am close to the meridian and we spin all the around, post this point alignment is toast and needs to get totally redone. Additionally another challenge is when remote controlling and close to zenith there is always the risk of DEC housing bumping into mount head an again ruining alignment. I am usin 5.20. Anyone have any advice on these challenges?
Al
This is not at _all_ normal. The problem might be your alignment, or it might be mechanical issues, but this should not happen and certainly doesn't happen to me.
#8
Posted 01 January 2013 - 09:05 AM
You can set your "RA Limits" so that the mount won't rotate that far in RA. The "RA Limits" function is located in the "Scope Setup" menu.
Stan
Shouldn't matter if it "rotates" that far or not.
#9
Posted 01 January 2013 - 09:07 AM
Hi Skip,
It doesn't matter at all how far the first star is off, nor does it matter where the alignment marks are as long as you set the scope on them. It I were having this problem, the first thing I'd do would be to do a Reset to factory defaults in the HC, and then look for mechanical issues in scope/mount.
#10
Posted 01 January 2013 - 09:47 AM
Al
#11
Posted 01 January 2013 - 10:26 AM
#12
Posted 01 January 2013 - 01:29 PM
#13
Posted 01 January 2013 - 01:50 PM
As usual the Great and All Knowing 'Oz' is rather penurious with his wisdom...But as he/we know, he is always right.
Whatever. How far it goes in RA still doesn't mean pea-turkey.
#14
Posted 01 January 2013 - 02:23 PM
Stan
#15
Posted 02 January 2013 - 07:45 PM
The consensus is that the former is not normal and some avenues to investigate were suggested - I'd start with weight and balance. For the second, there were also some suggestions. How far the mount rotates past the meridian certainly does matter; in some positions the motor cover can hit past the meridian. Loosen the clutches and try it some time with no scope or CW. I don't recall any times myself when the dec motor housing hit the RA housing while executing a GoTo, except for the time I intentionally skewed the initial index-mark alignment, so that might be something for the OP to look at - his index marks may start the mount at an incorrect position.
While the initial pointing makes no difference for GoTo accuracy once alignment is complete, if it's more accurate to start with it's easier to find some alignment stars while the sky is still relatively bright (you would be surprised how early you can see a bright star like Vega if you know exactly where to look). This allows you to get fully aligned, ready, and finding stuff before it's very dark.
In my case, the time, time zone and daylight settings are correct, and I'm still off on the first star, even when close to correctly polar aligned. I'm sure the mount isn't an hour (or more) off because slews to the moon, once aligned, are always spot on. The moon moves its own diameter in about an hour, so while, after alignment is complete, a TZ/DST error wouldn't be significant for anything else, I believe the moon would be way off. I'll have to try this to see if that's right.
#16
Posted 02 January 2013 - 08:11 PM
Friends don't let friends use idioms on international message boards.
#17
Posted 02 January 2013 - 09:44 PM
It doesn't matter at all how far the first star is off, nor does it matter where the alignment marks are as long as you set the scope on them.
I agree that the alignment marks have no effect on star alignment, goto, etc.
The alignment marks do have an effect, though, on the mount's slew and tracking limits. By this, I mean that the mount does not have any way to know the actual position of either axis directly. It establishes this reference by assuming that the assuming that the axes are in the correct position at initialization time. And by "correct position", I mean that the counterweight shaft is pointed down, and the scope is perpendicular to the plane in which the RA axis rotates. I would go so far as to say that it's fine to ignore the alignment marks completely and just make sure that the scope is set up this way at initialization time.
Using the RA axis as an example, when you initialize the mount, it assumes that it's pointed at the meridian when it moves 90 degrees in either direction from there. If your alignment mark is way off, the mount could easily crash into itself instead of stopping at the configured limit.
Also, if the clutches are released and the scope moved, or if the clutches slip after initialization, it would mess up both star alignment and the mount's physical reference. In that way, this could account for what the OP is seeing.
Another thing that I've seen personally on my CG5 is that if you are running a recent hand controller version, with an older motor controller firmware version, there is a bug that prevents the slew and tracking limits from working properly. I had a problem with both of my CG5s where they would crash into themselves instead of stopping tracking at the meridian. Updating to the latest motor controller firmware fixed this, and now they stop tracking properly (and won't slew into themselves either). Note that this is not the OP's problem because star alignment was not a problem. I just wanted to mention it here for completeness.
-Wade
#18
Posted 03 January 2013 - 10:02 AM
Sorry, I don't know what pea-turkey is, but I was giving you a compliment, Rod. Maybe there is a language barrier.
Stan
Sorry Stan. I thought I was kidding around having a little fun...the PEA TURKEY is, I guess, a southern thing only... (?)
#19
Posted 03 January 2013 - 12:06 PM
I'm just a city boy from a Southern California beach town. When I was in the service I received my training in North Carolina, Georgia, and Oklahoma. I'm not sure what language they were speaking, but I didn't understand most of what was said down there. I asked for an English to Dixie dictionary, but I never got one. I asked for directions once and had to have someone explain the difference between "Ritech Yonder", Down the Road a Piece" and "A Considerable Distance". I never got to where I was trying to go.
Stan
#20
Posted 03 January 2013 - 12:32 PM
The Nassau cruise port in the Bahamas is big, with beaches nearby and plenty of things to do ashore, including Atlantis and Paradise Island. We highly recommend that you plan a shore excursion so that you can have a tour guide show you around the different parts of the city and its culture.
Nassau, Bahamas is, without a doubt, one of the best cruise ports in the world because it brings you right into the city. Most cruises to the Bahamas have departure ports in Florida that leave Port Canaveral, Port Everglades and Port Of Miami. The port schedule is usually from morning until evening of the day your cruise ship arrives at Nassau.
As you walk around, the locals will walk up and ask if you need a buggy or a taxi. This is normal, but you can pretty much find everything in walking distance to get a taste of Nassau. This is a historic old city and there’s much to learn.
If you’re into Atlantis, you can buy an excursion to Atlantis and Paradise Island, which a tour guide or a taxi can take you there. There are a lot of things you can do there as well. If you like to gamble, you will enjoy their casino.
Most people have heard of a place called Senor Frogs. They do have a chain in the United States, but the one in Mexico and the Bahamas are the best. While you’re at Nassau, make sure you stop at Senor Frogs for lunch or a refreshment. It can get quite loud, but there are tables away from the speakers.
This place was full of laughter and people having a good time during lunch. It’s better to be at this place than eating lunch on your cruise ship. You can walk to it from your ship.
Pictures Of Nassau, Bahamas Cruise Ship Port
If you enjoy shopping, there’s plenty of it at Nassau! You can see stores for several blocks. All the stores are air conditioned, so they become a great place when you need to cool off from the hot weather.Texas Tech University System officials announced today plans to remove and preserve the Southwest Conference Circle to an undetermined site on campus.
Located by the Exercise Sciences Center, the SWC Circle has to be removed because of construction of the new Petroleum Engineering Research building for the Bob L. Herd Department of Petroleum Engineering.
Only parts of the circle are expected to survive the removal process. Those pieces will combine with new materials to create a new tribute of the SWC Circle.
Now unused, the SWC Circle contains terrazzo and concrete artwork of the teams that comprised the SWC. The landmark was constructed when Texas Tech was admitted to the conference in 1956. It served as the site of pep rallies and events for many years.
Construction on the new engineering research building is expected to be completed in time to offer courses and instruction in fall 2013.
no PHOTO to accompany this story?
Why report it if those that are not familiar with the coveted SWC Circle cannot "see" what so many of us cherished?
What in the hell is wrong with this non-newspaper that such SIMPLE observations are not met?
Do you ever see a photo with one of the headlines listed where this one was?Dron, Jon and Masthoff, Judith (2004) We are, of course, bored with course boards: an online alternative to formal course meetings Italics, 3 (2). ISSN 1473-7507Full text not available from this repository.
Abstract
This paper discusses the implementation of an online course board, an attempt to conduct formal course meetings using simple web-based threaded bulletin board technologies. This technique seeks to address some of the problems of conventional meetings where individuals can dominate proceedings, most attendees waste much of the time being bored and there is a heavy investment of time and money for little direct benefit. Although it provides solutions to some of the problems of traditional face to face meetings, the online discussion mechanism suffers from a number of weaknesses which negate many of the potential advantages. The paper describes some procedural solutions to these weaknesses that have been implemented, and technical solutions that are being incorporated into a purpose-built environment for running course boards.
Actions (login required)
Downloads
Downloads per month over past yearADD A CATEGORY
MAR 13, 2014 - National Journal
A Must Read - Share
K
...
Editor's Picks
Show More
Show Less
Hey you have no friends!!! Get to work and start inviting friends to help build your Comunitee. Click Here to invite friends.
© 2011 Comunitee, Inc.HIGH POINT, N.C. – The Ice Queen ice cream truck stopped by the FOX8 studios in High Point on Friday, serving up popsicles, scoops, sammiches shakes and floats.
The visit was part of “Food Truck Friday,” a new FOX8 segment highlighting food trucks in the area.
Next Friday on the FOX8 4:00 News we will be highlighting food from the Parlez-Vous Crepe food truck..
In March, China flew a new home-grown heavy-lift helicopter new helicopter as a “breakthrough in domestic aviation technology.” The AC313 is believed to have a maximum gross weight that could eventually grow to 30,000 pounds and an external load capability of at least 10,000 pounds. Certification is expected next year.
Avicopter also is developing the EC175 jointly with Eurocopter. In addition to its ventures with Eurocopter and Sikorsky, another Chinese aviation company, Jiangxi Changhe Aviation Industries Corporation (JV), is manufacturing components for the AgustaWestland AW109 and performing final assembly on those helicopters destined for the Chinese market. AW109s assembled in China are designated CA109. JV also developed and manufactures the indigenous Z-8 and Z-11 helicopters.
Several years ago, MD Helicopters CEO Lynn Tilton said she was exploring the possibility of moving MD902 fuselage construction to China, and at this year’s Heli-Expo said she was looking at possibly selling a minority stake in the company to a Chinese entity. Avicopter also is known to be collaborating with Russian Helicopter’s Mil unit on the development of an even larger 40,000-pound heavy lift helicopter. Avicopter currently manufactures the 8,500-pound H425.
In addition to producing helicopters, AVIC also is working on a jetliner, the Comac C919, that it hopes will challenge the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 by 2016.FORT.
He appeared in 33 regular season games for the Giants, batting .288 with three home runs, who won the National League West Division title, overtaking the Padres in the process.
But then his legend really grew.
In the National League Division Series against the Braves, Ross started all four games in right field, hit a home run to tie the deciding fourth game, and batted in the winning runs in two of the Giants’ three victories as they advanced to play the Phillies in the NLCS.
Ross stunned the baseball world by connecting for a pair of home runs off of Roy Halladay in Game 1 and hit a solo home run against Roy Oswalt in Game 2. He would eventually be awarded the NLCS MVP, batting .350 with three home runs, three doubles while driving in five runs. Three of his five postseason home runs broke up no-hitters in that postseason. The Giants would win their first World Series since 1954 as Ross clubbed a homer off Rangers’ hurler Colby Lewis in Game 3 of the five-game series.
What was the key?
“I would be lying if I said I didn’t feel a little bit of that last year,” said Ross, who slipped to .240 with 11 homers and 52 RBIs in 121 games with the Giants. “After the first week went by, you realize you’re not going to do that every single time you come to the plate. That quickly got out of my head and you just have to go back and work back and figure out what you did in the past to be successful. I definitely don’t expect that out of myself. I do feel like I can contribute on a daily basis. I do feel like if I can get to the playoffs, it’s a different feeling. You have to have a different sort of mindset. Some guys perform and some guys don’t in it and I feel like I can bring that to these guys.”
In San Francisco, he earned the nickname “Ross the Boss” for his clutch ability, an ability he hopes to bring to Boston, as the leading candidate for the right field job with the Red Sox.
“I just had a different mindset,” he said. “You go through the day-to-day routine of playing baseball, it’s a grind. You play every day. But once you get to the playoffs, it’s like, ‘Wow, this is what we played every single day for, and this is why we’re here and this is why we play the game.’ You sort of have that mentality and you go and you play. You either do it or you don’t. Fortunate for me and for us, we did. There’s a lot of guys in here with playoff experience and they understand what it takes to get there and that helps on teams. You realize from Day 1, you need to win this game because it can matter in Game 162 when you’re going down the stretch. That’s a good thing to have on<<Book your room at Laurelwood - Destination Hotels & Resorts
Studio, 1 Queen Bed with SofabedMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Premier StudioMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children, 3 infants)
Ski-in/ski-out access for fun in the snow
Location
Located in the mountains, this Snowmass Village condo offers ski-in/ski-out access within 3 mi (5 km) of Snowmass Ice Age Discovery Center and Snowmass Club and close to winter sports such as cross-country skiing and skiing lessons. Anderson Ranch Arts Center and Snowmass Rodeo Grounds are also within 3 mi (5 km).
Property Features
With direct access to the slopes, Laurelwood - Destination Hotels & Resorts makes guests feel at home with conveniences like laundry facilities and complimentary newspapers in the lobby.
Room Amenities
All 52 individually decorated condos feature free WiFi and sofa beds. Guests can enjoy fireplaces, and other standard amenities include kitchens with refrigerators and stovetops.Information missing or incorrect? Tell us!
Hotel Amenities
Hotel Amenities
Laurelwood - Destination Hotels & Resorts features 2 spa tubs and ski-in/ski-out access. Public areas are equipped with complimentary high-speed wireless Internet access. This ski condo also offers barbecue grills, complimentary newspapers in the lobby, and laundry facilities. Parking is available onsite for a surcharge.
Laurelwood - Destination Hotels & Resorts is a smoke-free property.
- Free WiFi
- Ski-in/ski-out access
- Number of spa tubs - 2
- Self parking (surcharge)
- Airport transportation
- Laundry facilities
- Front desk (limited hours)
- Free newspapers in lobby
- Barbecue grill(s)
- Smoke-free property
- Number of floors - 3
- Total number of rooms - 52
Family Friendly Amenities
- Kitchen
- Free Wi-Fi
- Sofa bed
- DVD player
- Full-sized refrigerator/freezer
- Microwave
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Laundry facilities
Internet
Available in all rooms: Free WiFi
Available in some public areas: Free WiFi
Parking
Self parking (surcharge)
Room Amenities
- Kitchen
- Free WiFi
- Fireplace
- Balcony or patio
- Sofa bed
- Sofa bed size
- Satellite TV service
- DVD player
- Full-sized refrigerator/freezer
- Microwave
- Stovetop
- Bathtub or shower
- Coffee/tea maker
- Cookware, dishware, and utensils
- Dishwasher
- Cribs/infant beds (surcharge)
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Daily housekeeping
- Free newspaper
- Free international calls
- Free long-distance calls
- Free local calls
- Hair dryer
- Free toiletries
- Phone
- Iron/ironing board (on request)
- Access via exterior corridors
- Private bathroom
- Individually decorated
- Individually furnished
Nearby Things to Do
2 spa tubs are on site. Other recreational amenities include ski-in/ski-out access.
The recreational activities listed below are available either on site or nearby; fees may apply.
Hotel Policies
Check-in
Minimum check-in age is 18: USD 30.00 per week (in/out privileges)
- Crib (infant bed) fee: USD 10 per night
- Rollaway bed fee: USD 10 per night
We should mention
Only registered guests are allowed in the guestrooms.Workshop Introduction Description • Two workshops • Facilitated by Nigel (Rm 001) and Stephen (Rm 00??) • Each one hour long • Cover – Workshop one – Quality Indicators - Nigel – Workshop two – Protocols and Guidance - Stephen • Set a particular scenario for each • Chance Cards of Issues • Select Four Most Important for Discussion • Reach a conclusion on your discussion relevant to the scenario • Prepare Feedback – 2 minutes, appoint a reporter! Description • Chance Cards for each workshop/scenario!! • Each contains an issue – each delegate takes one • Make a collective decision, four votes each, on the most important (or discussion worthy) – 10 minutes • Examine each in turn – 40 minutes • Reach a conclusion and prepare feedback – 10 minutes The Scenario – Workshop One • You are a project team involved in a brownfield site remediation • The site is in Greater Manchester • It is not a prime site and profit margins are tight • You have to decide whether or not to use QIs during the site remediation and development Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 1 Quality is not important to the finished product – there is enough guidance and this all has cost implications Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 2 Quality comes at a cost, but few clients are prepared to pay for it Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 3 There are no differences between brown and green field sites, all require QIs why differentiate brownfields Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 4 Quality comes from the consultant who needs to be up to date, aware of guidance and be able to apply it – if they all were then the situation is improved without QIs Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 5 Development of brownfield sites is not difficult, as long as you can dig and dump the contamination then the rest is easy Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 6 The current guidance documents are not sufficient, they are either out of date, too simple to be useful or too difficult to follow, we need QIs Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 7 You can have all the QIs you want, but the contractor just rips up the rules and does what they want Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 8 A holistic approach is required for QIs, they should not be viewed in an isolated part of the project - including site investigation, remediation and development Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 9 The greatest drawback to the use of QIs is that they can never be mandatory, or can they? Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 10 QI Number One should be to ensure consistency amongst regulators in the Environment Agencies and Local Authorities Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 11 QIs sound like a good idea, but how can you measure and monitor that they are working and targets are being achieved Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 12 Each QI needs a target, should these be generic or site specific Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 13 What are the key components of a QI for brownfield land – keep it short and simple or make the project team work Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 14 QIs are a great idea, there are many projects that could benefit through improved performance and better communication, but you have to link them to payments! Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 15 QIs should only be about technical issues, that’s what’s important! Forget the Nanny State approach to site neighbours, etc Workshop One: QIs CHANCE 15 QIs The Scenario – Workshop Two • You are all involved, from different perspectives, in persuading a client to adopt quality protocols for a brownfield project • The site is in Greater Manchester • It is a prime site and the investment is worthwhile, but the client is cautious • Who are the key actors involved in the setting of the protocol • You have to decide whether or not to use QIs and protocols during the site remediation and development Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 1 It is better to have tools such as QIs and protocols as opposed to nothing, it has the potential to save at least 10% of costs Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 2 A quality protocol is a good idea, but it is an unnecessary cost Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 3 No consultant or contractor will sign up to a quality protocol, it gives the client too much power Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 4 It is all very well having quality protocols, but there is a lack of good guidance and that is the key issue Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 5 If we use a quality protocol it will help us in discussions with regulators Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 6 Guidance that is understood by all parties is important to the success of QIs and protocols Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 7 A quality protocol sounds like a good idea, but how can we make it work in practice Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 8 Quality protocols are not as important as getting the job done on time and to budget, should we divert our attention from the real task Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 9 Current contractual arrangements are sufficient and allow us to pursue parties that fail to do their jobs through the courts, a Quality Protocol might get in our way Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 10 Quality protocols would improve communication within the project team, and provide all the measures that investors require, and allow the work to progress on time Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 11 Guidance on QIs and Protocols has to be clear and concise and relevant to existing requirements in environmental and building legislation/regulation, and only focus on the technical issues not social science! Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 12 A quality protocol would be great for this prime site, but can they really be used on all sites without affecting margins Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 13 The quality of professionals is not good enough, so why worry about a Protocol Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 14 The client is not willing to pay enough, therefore the quality protocol will be ignored or left to junior staff to try to enforce Workshop Two: Protocols and Guidance CHANCE 15 The state of the art in land reclamation has moved beyond the stage where Quality Protocols are required, brownfield is mainstream and requires no specific consideration
Pages to are hidden for
"workshop_description"Please download to view full document- Local Accommodations
The area around CraftWorks offers every kind of lodging from rural to racetrack, from inexpensive to luxury. Here are some lodging options with driving distances to CraftWorks.
Hillbrook Inn (1 mile)
4490 Summit Point Road
Charles Town, WV 25414
(800) 304-4223
(304) 725-4223
Rates: $105–$250
The Ledge House (8 miles)
280 Henry Clay Street
Harpers Ferry, WV 25414
1 (877) 468-4236
info@theledgehouse.com
Carriage Inn Bed & Breakfast (5.6 miles)
417 E Washington St
Charles Town, WV 25414
(800) 867-9830
Rates: $105-250
The Inn at Charles Town (6.5 miles)
580 E 5th Street
Ranson, WV 25438
(304) 885-5800
Rates: $109–$149
Smithfield Farm Bed and Breakfast (8.6 miles)
568 Smithfield Lane
Berryville, VA 22611
(877) 955-4389
(540) 955-4389
Rates: $175–$275
The Lost Dog Bed & Breakfast (10.2 miles)
211 South Church Street
Berryville, VA 22611
(540) 955-1181
Rates: $125–$225
Hampton Inn & Suites (5 miles)
157 Pimlico Drive
Charles Town, WV 25414
(304) 725-2200
Rates: $119–$159
Holiday Inn Express
681 Flowing Springs Road
Ranson, WV 25438
(304) 725-1330
$99–$149Levey Landing Park is a cultural feature (park) in Franklin County. The primary coordinates for Levey Landing Park places it within the ZIP Code 99323 delivery area.
In the Maps and Aerial Photos section below, you'll find links to: (1) Local area photos around Levey Landing Park, (2) A listing of the nearest hotels to Levey Landing Park and (3) Driving Directions to Levey Landing Park from almost anywhere. The location of Levey Landing Park is marked on an interactive map. The map can be searched by either business name or business category.Item Description
Patented palm design features double leather construction surrounding a foam padding system to enhance comfort and increase durabilityProprietary fabric wristwrap customizes the fit, providing additional support and stabilityHeavy duty stretch panels along the back of the hand and between the fingers enhance flexibility, comfort and fit, while improving breathabilityClose Contact design minimizes bulk, supporting and protecting hands for maximum feel for the barAbrasion resistant leather on the palm maximizes glove wear1/2 finger length for a natural feel and increased contact with the lifting surfaceHand wash and air dryThis week I have been mostly…
Attending my first PTA meeting
Eventually, I want to be a governor of my son’s school, but as a first step I’ve joined the Parent Teacher Association. Not quite the short-and-to-the-point meetings I’m used to, but enjoyable nonetheless. I’m not around for the disco that’s being organized, unfortunately, as I’ll be at Interesting North. Oh well.
Wrestling with my mobile review
As I’ve mentioned several times before in my weeknotes, I’m composing a mobile and wireless technologies review for the JISC e-Learning strand. This week I’ve begun trying to synthesize some of what I’ve collated.
Imagine a penny tossed into a paddling pool. That will give you some idea of the difference in scale between my proposal and what I’ll end up delivering. It’s. Just. So. Interesting… :-p
Being ill
After declaring (rather triumphantly) that, despite two sets of visitors and the rest of my family coming down with a sickness bug, I had managed to soldier on, unaffected – guess what happened? Yep, I had to take Monday and Tuesday off due to a sickness bug. Still, it meant that from my sickbed I managed to set about…
Redesigning this site
This redesign been a long time in coming and, I’m glad to say, it’s been well-received. Further details here. Download Opera Mini Buat Laptop Monitoring - For Laptop 1.12 (deshot.com)
Laptop battery ...
Author: Deshot.com | Size: 491 K | Freeware
Category: System Utilities - System Maintenance
Mini Golf Pro 1.2 (gametop.com) ...
Released: May 4, 2012 | Author: Media Contact LLC | Size: 3348 K | Freeware
Category: Games & Entertainment - Sports
Roulette Winner 2.0.0.1 (roulette-winner-software.com)
How to win at Roulette? Use Roulette Winner Software to win at Online ...
Released: Sep 28, 2012 | Author: roulette-winner-software.com | Size: 798 K | Freeware
Category: Games & Entertainment - Tools & Editors for windows 12.13 (users.on.net)
Opera is a fast, secure, configurable, and standards compliant Internet/intranet browser that also includes a newsreader and mail client. Opera gives you the freedom to run multiple windows without opening up other instances and many more features that ...
Author: Opera Software | Size: 12861 K | Freeware
Category: Network & Internet - Browsers
Mystery Legends - The Phantom of the Opera 1.0 (gamehouse.com)
Discover the torment of a tragic hero in Mystery Legends - Phantom of the Opera, a stunning adventure based on the timeless story.Years after Christine and Raoul escaped the rage of the man behind the mask, the ruins of the Paris Opera House now stand ...
Author: GameHouse | Size: 1218 K | Freeware
Category: Games & Entertainment - Puzzle & Logic
popNavigator(TM) 1.0 (gopoint.biz)
This great, new Laptop timesaver "floats" right at the pointer when you summon it. Hold a button down and it appears; release and you're whisked off to your destination...fast! CLOSE that window in a snap instead of taking that tiresome trip to the tiny, ...
Author: goPoint, LLC | Size: 3857 K | Freeware
Category: System Utilities - Misc. Utilities
PopSurfer 1.0 (cityzen451.co.uk)
Airport-Starbucks-Conference Room Laptop Road Warriors - no mouse? No problem. PopSurfer pops up with a single click and the shortcut surfing commands come right to the pointer...wherever you are. You'll wonder what you did without it. No more frustrating ...
Author: goPoint LLC | Size: 4495 K | Freeware
Category: Network & Internet - Networking
Mini-Cars Racing 2.0 (myplaycity.com)
Relax and make your dreams come true by manipulating extremely cute radio-controlled toys, racing all over the house and sweeping everything Mini-Cars Racing ...
Author: myplaycity.com | Size: 10 K | Freeware
Category: Games & Entertainment - Other Games ...
Soap Operas for Laptop Computers (biddingtons.com)
GH Hovagimyan discusses his digital installation performance works for both laptops and seated ...
Opera Mini (operamini.com)
Provides a mobile Web ...
Download Opera Mini Buat Laptop Free Downloads - 2000 Shareware periodically updates software information and pricing of Download Opera Mini Buat Laptop from the publisher, so some information may be slightly out-of-date. You should confirm all information before relying on it. Software piracy is theft, Using Download Opera Mini Bu
- Download Opera Mini Buat Laptop
- Download Opera Mini 10 For Java
- Download Opera Mini 5 Beta 2
- Download Opera Mini 7 For X2-o1
- Download Opera Mini Beta 5
- Download Opera Mini Download
- Download Opera Mini Fire
- Download Opera Mini For Iphone 4
- Download Opera Mini For Nokia 2700
- Download Opera Mini For Nokia C3-00Art Barstow <barstow@w3.org> wrote: >> <rdf:Description> >> <propName rdf: >> </rdf:Description> >> >> would also assign foo the the reification of the statement. > > Would you please enumerate the triples you would > expect from the above RDF if it was legal (and doing so > in Subject, Pred, Object format ala SiRPAC would be much > appreciated)? Sorry for not including this -- I've done it several times before (but not in SiRPAC style) so I was getting tired, but here it is: triple(r('#genid1'),r(''),r('bar')) . triple(r('#foo'),r(''),r(' #genid1')) . triple(r('#foo'),r(''),r ('')) . triple(r('#foo'),r(''),r('b ar')) . > Also, what triples would you expect if the RDF was: > > <rdf:Description > <propName rdf: > </rdf:Description> The same as above except "some_resource" replaces "#genid1". This kind of output is very much in line with what would happen with something like: <rdf:Description> <propName rdf:bar</propName> </rdf:Description> and the same with an rdf:about. -- [ Aaron Swartz | me@aaronsw.com | ]Received on Thursday, 24 May 2001 17:54:16 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Wednesday, 7 January 2015 14:53:48 UTC- .
- $638.99EACH
Motorola RDU4160D Two-Way Radio
- $434.79EACH
Motorola RDU2020 Two-Way Radio
- $556.29EACH
Motorola RDV5100 Two-Way Radio
- Starting at: $257.39
Motorola Two-Way CLS Series Radio
- $584.69EACH
Motorola RDU4100 Two-Way Radio
- $394.69EACH
Motorola RDV2020 Two-Way Radio
- $99.79EACH
Motorola Two-Way Radio Headset
- $59.49EACH
Motorola Two-Way Radio Headset
- $115.49EACH
Motorola Two-Way Radio Headset
- $461.89EACH
Motorola RDV2080D Two-Way Radio
- $57.39EACH
Motorola Two-Way Radio Headset
- $301.79EACH
Motorola Two-Way Radio Charging Station
- $47.99EACH
Motorola XTN Series Two-Way Radio Carrying Case
- $56.59EACH
Motorola CLS Series Two-Way Radio Carrying Case
- $29.19EACH
Motorola XTN Series Two-Way Radio Swivel Holster
- $60.19EACH
Motorola Two-Way Radio Battery
- $20.29EACH
Motorola CLS Series Two-Way Radio Swivel Holster.ELDORA — It's not often that a ski area turns away business, but thanks to an especially beneficial storm in an especially bountiful season of snowfall, that's exactly what officials had to do at Eldora Mountain Resort one weekend last month.
This charmingly old-school area got a dump of 2 feet in early February, one of several helpful upslope storms that blessed Eldora this season. Word got around, and resort officials estimate they had to turn away 500 cars one weekend to avoid overcrowding.
It has been that kind of season.
"The snowfall has been tremendous," marketing director Rob Linde said. "We have gotten the lion's share of snow in Colorado, and that started happening at the early part of the season. We went into December very strong, with significant upslope storms, and (that) set us up very nicely for Christmas, where our brethren across the (Continental) Divide unfortunately didn't get a lot of snow for Christmas. So we started off the season very strong."
This has been a great season for rediscovering Eldora. After that strong start, January snowfall was solid, and February brought more than 75 inches. Eldora was in fabulous shape when I skied it last week.
"It's not so much the volume of snow that we've had. It's been that the timing of the storms has been perfect," Linde said. "They've all been good upslope storms when we benefit. If you were to sit back and say, 'I want it to snow these dates through the season to set us up for key periods,' it happened this year. You couldn't have picked it better."
With good snowfall has come good business. Eldora had record crowds over Christmas and Presidents Day weekend and is on pace for a record season.
There's more exciting news for Eldora in seasons to come. Resort officials plan to replace a pair of fixed-grip lifts out of the base area with a high-speed detachable six-person chair. They also plan to install a detachable quad on the backside of the mountain between the Indian Peaks and Corona quads — adding almost 500 feet of vertical drop to the mountain's skiable terrain — and build a new mountaintop restaurant.
The Forest Service has approved the master plan. Other approvals are still required before the improvements can begin, but it may not be long before Eldora becomes an even better place to ski.
"I'd like to think that, not this summer but by next summer, something significant could happen," Linde said.
I have a soft spot in my heart for old-school areas. I like simple lodges where you can feel the echo of memories that cross generations. I like parking close to the base of the mountain, and I love unpretentious restaurants. Give me a bowl of chili, a plate of fries, a sports drink and an energy drink — I'm good to go.
Eldora has all that. And Eldora has something else that few ski areas offer. I love to finish a ski day on cross country skis, either at sunset or in the moonlight. After skiing Winter Park, I will hit Jones Pass. If I ski Vail, I can't wait to get to Vail Pass. The last time I skied Breckenridge, I waited in town for the moon to rise and then hit the Boreas Pass road. It was glorious.
Eldora has a nordic area adjacent to the alpine slopes, and when the lifts closed Friday, I was able to hit the nordic trails without moving my car. Eldora has more than 40 kilometers of cross country trails and is one of the busiest nordic centers in the U.S. A race series there on Wednesday nights attracts up to 125 competitors.
As it often is at Eldora, it was cold and windy when I put the alpine skis in the car and pulled out the touring skis. But before long I was in the trees of the resort's beautiful nordic system, protected from the wind, kicking and gliding, loving every blessed stride.
Eldora is a delight.
John Meyer: 303-954-1616 or jmeyer@denverpost.com
If you would like a reply, include your email:
» Submit news photos
» Investigations tips: 1-866-748-TIPSInternational Association of Skateboard Companies
Since last 2013, Just One Board has donated over 1500 complete boards to underprivileged kids. Full-circle skateboard recycling at its best.
DIY is the heart of skateboarding culture. We’re working with cities to bridge the understanding gap and support creation of DIY skate spots.
The new hub of skateboard industry research, StateOfSkate.com is launching May 1, 2015. Access for IASC members is free.
If you get hurt, Aflac pays you cash. Now IASC members have a way to help take care of their 1099 employees when they need it most.
Join us May 13-15, 2015 for the 8th annual IASC Skateboarding Summit. Two days of education, networking, entertainment and fun.
Nearly 500 people crammed into last year’s sold out event to rub elbows and celebrate with their idols. Be there May 14, 2015. Tickets on sale soon.
June 21, 2015 is the 12th celebration of skateboarding’s global holiday and it’s going to be incredible.A visual from Alexander Wang's fall 2013 campaign featuring Malgosia Bela.
Steven Klein/Courtesy of Alexander Wang
Most Recent Articles In Memo Pad
Latest Memo Pad Articles
- Dennis Basso Taps Chanel Iman for Fall Ad Campaign
- QVC Set to Launch in France
- DoitinParis.com Launches London Edition
More Articles By.The latest biographic picture to receive a green light is legendary crooner Sam Cooke. The singer/songwriter is considered one of the pioneers and founders of soul music and now his story will hit the big screen.
Cooke’s most recognizable hits include “A Change Is Gonna Come,” “Chain Gang,” “Wonderful World,” and “Bring It on Home to Me.” Screen writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais wrote the adaption of Peter Guralnick’s book “Dream Boogie: The Triumph of Sam Cooke” to develop the script which covers Cooke’s short life – 1931 to 1964. Read more >>
This excerpt is courtesy of our partner in music, SingersRoom.com.
* * * *
SingersRoom is dedicated to offering support to unsigned/signed artists, songwriters and music lovers everywhere. The online magazine includes candid interviews, music, videos, and editorials on fashion & lifestyle trends.Playstation 4 Games
Basement Crawl - Teaser Trailer for Playstation 4Home / Playstation 4 /
This page contains a "Basement Crawl - Teaser Trailer" for Playstation 4 and has been posted or updated on Nov 1, 2013 by EDF_Admin. Check this page periodically for the latest Video Game Trailers and Gameplay Videos.
Game Boxshot & Details
- Developer: Bloober Team
- Publisher: Bloober Team
- Genre: Action
- Release: Feb 25, 2014
- ESRB: Teen
Video Game Trailers
Latest Featured Videos
Basement Crawl - Teaser Trailer
- Nov 1, 2013, Views: 94
Questions
Stuck on this game? Set a specific, clearly defined question and let others answer your question or view answers to previously asked questions. If you think you are an Basement Crawl)What a weekend! It was 55 degrees last Friday and the 2 feet of snow melted to show us the grass again, and then yesterday it turned cold and snowed another 8 inches. Crazy Michigan weather! After about 4-5 inches had fallen late yesterday afternoon, I looked at my husband and said, " I need to bake something!" He was thinking..."why don't you take a nap and relax", but with a napping baby and a beautiful snow-covered yard, I decided...it was a good time to bake a treat. Of course, and who says it is not relaxing idea anyways. Having some warm molasses bars from the oven on a cold wintry afternoon is the perfect combination of rest and comfort.
I have still been thinking way too much about chocolate brownies. These bars will have you thinking you are going to bite into a chocolate brownie because of their appearance, but then you would be pleasantly surprised that it is in fact a sweet, spicy and chewy molasses bar instead. I love molasses. There is 500 mg of potassium in 1 TB of black strap molasses and it has 20% of the daily iron intake. So, molasses is a perfect nutrient for a new mother or any one that suffers with anemia or nutrient deficiencies.
In my opinion, molasses should be considered a superfood sweetener. Yes, it is considered a sweetener because it is derived from sugar cane and sugar beets, but instead of having all the nutrients stripped and refined away it carries all of the minerals and vitamins to naturally be absorbed. That is why I also love sucanat as a sweetener because it is very similar to molasses in flavor, but also it is dried unrefined sugar cane juice. Another great sweetener is coconut palm sugar that is processed in a similar way and has almost the same amounts of potassium, calcium and iron in it as well.
When I first started eating more whole foods I was so confused about if I should just eat NO sugar at all, or if I could have a little. I think that a good question for any person is asking HOW MUCH sugar and sweeteners you are consuming, but also as equally important is WHAT quality you are consuming. The body does crave natural sweets... and you may notice that if you have a balanced plate of bitter, sweet, salty, and sour that you will have a more satisfaction after a meal (which means less snacking). This is very common in ancient dietary structures. To have a balance of tastes to satiate the taste buds and the stomach. This was of course done with bitter herbs, sour citrus, or salty minerals... not with MSG, corn syrup and preservatives.
Today, I think it is a good practice to notice how much of certain tastes you are eating...maybe your craving for "salt" is the fact that your body is in need for more minerals... or sea salt. Or maybe if you body is craving sweets, you should resist fake sugar and eat sweet potatoes, molasses and carrots. It is interesting how our bodies maybe crave what it needs. Not always the case, but interesting to think about at least. I think it is true that women crave chocolate at certain times of the month for a reason... maybe that dark chocolate that is naturally infused with magnesium and iron that your body knows you need just a little bit to "feel" better. So maybe if you are feeling weak or lazy your body may be in need of some iron. Have that spinach salad...but then maybe think about how you could add more molasses to your life. This is all in theory mind you, but still interesting to think about. At least I think so... but I am a food nerd, so that makes sense.
Well, I better get to the recipe... it is pretty simple, but truly a perfect combination of sweet and spicy with the ginger and molasses. If you like molasses cookies, then you will LOVE these. I have fallen in love with them, and think I may have forgotten about chocolate brownies once again. So, I am happy... and so I must share this joy with you of course. I hope you try them, I know you will not be disappointed.
Chewy Molasses Bar Recipe
1 cup of buckwheat flour
1/2 cup of millet flour
1/2 cup of brown rice flour
1/2 cup of tapioca flour
1 cup of coconut palm sugar
2 TB of flaxmeal
1 1/2 ts. of baking powder
1 1/2 ts. of baking soda
1 ts. of sea salt
1 1/2 ts. of ground cinnamon
2 ts. of ground ginger
1/2 cup of blackstrap molasses
1/2 cup of applesauce
1/2 cup of melted coconut oil
2/3 cup of coconut milk beverage, or other non-dairy milk
optional: splash of pure vanilla
Mix all of the dry ingredients together first, then add all of the wet and mix well with a spatula. Make sure to not have any clumps, and batter should be gooey and more solid that watery. Oil a 9x13 pan with either coconut oil, or organic palm oil shortening. Pour in batter and then sprinkle the top with a handful of sucanat, or other sugar like sweetener. Put in a preheated 350 degree oven for 30 minutes. Bake until the top is crisp from the sucanat, and when you use a toothpick in the middle it comes out clean. This is very much like a brownie batter and should appear like it when pulling from the oven. Then let 5-10 minutes to sit and cool before cutting into to avoid crumbles and breakage in bars. Use a clean unserated knife to cut, like you would brownies. They are a chewy bar to be enjoyed! YUM!
Update from my last post: I still have (2) ($1,000) scholarships available for one more week (February 28). This scholarship is towards the tuition of the long distance program to become a Holistic Health Counselor with Institute of Integrative Nutrition. I love the school, and could only recommend it to those interested and serious about health, balance and life.
This is a HUGE offer, and one they do not offer this great scholarship amount much anymore. So, if you have been on the fence about furthering your education, or finding something new and amazing in your life, then I suggest you check IIN out. Their website is.... Or call them, and ask for Coach Julia, and tell her that I, Stephanie Laidlaw, sent you. That is the hook up to getting the discount and for learning the most there is to know about Integrative Nutrition. Also, email me or leave a comment so that I can help explain more of what I do, why I like the school, and answer any questions you may have bouncing around in your brain.
Much love to you today, as always!
Stephanie
These look fabulous. I adore blackstrap molasses and it's nutritional profile.
What can I sub for the millet flour? More (superfine) brown rice flour? Blanched almond flour? I was also going to sub arrowroot for the tapioca starch, too.
Thanks!
M- Arrowroot would work fine as sub. I would sub either, white rice, superfine rice, or sorghum flour for the millet. I am sure almond flour would work too... really because there is already a combo of flours, most anything would work. Let me know what you try and how it turns out! :)
Yummy! I will have to try this sometime! A question about baking with coconut oil: what kind do you use? I've tried baking with it before, and it turns into a big mess! I don't know what I'm doing wrong...if it's the wrong kind or I'm using too much...Any tips?
I really want to try this. I am slowly trying to change my eating habits and am hoping that I will get to a point where I can trust my body to tell me what it needs and like you suggested use healthy alternative to fill that need. At this point, I think I need to be pretty faithful to eating healthy and then once I am on track, then I can start listening to my body for waht it needs.
Becky- I buy my coconut oil from vitacost here is a link...
and I usually melt it in a pan or microwave before using in mix. It is just like melting butter for a cake or bars, or you can soften like butter as well if you want to use with cookies or scones. I like using coconut oil because of it's health benefits for your organs and your metabolism. It is a healthy much needed fat in our diet. What seems to be causing your "mess" I would love to help if I can.. also google coconut oil and find out more about the ingredient...
Amy-Sounds like you are on the right track for making choices about eating healthy and whole foods. Over time I know you will be more in tune with what your body needs. It is a strange thing, but it seems like it happens the more aware you are to your food choices.
Thanks for commenting. :)
Hmmm...I wonder if it's the kind I'm using. The only one I've tried is the LouAna brand from Walmart (I have a feeling there's something wrong with using that kind...just because I can get it from Walmart...Lol!) I've tried making brownies with it, and it doesn't really "set up" or whatever you call it. It even says on the container to use it in baking...so I don't know why I'm having problems. The times I've tried baking cookies with it, the cookies just spread all over the pan...and I end up with cookie bars instead! Thanks for your help!
Amazing recipe and insightful, informative post! BRAVA!
Becky- maybe there is something wrong with your coconut oil... it should melt and look like "normal" oil, or it will start to harden almost like butter. It is a great sub for butter because it is very similar texture and in sat fats. Also, are you thinking that the coconut milk bev I use is coconut oil? Maybe you are using too much liquid? I want to help you if I can.... let me know if I can :) Much love-
GF Gidget- Thanks for the comment :) LOVE
Molasses is the bomb!!
MMMMMMMMM,..what delectbale molasses bars!
They look wonderful!! Pretty too!
These look lovely. Molasses is so amazing, especially blackstrap. It's so deep and complex. I'm trying to remove refined sugars from my diet, and right now, to get myself weaned, I'm staying away from a lot of baked goods, but after a bit, I might have to make these. These would be a delight. Nov 12 17:40
Item Condition:
New
Product Code:
ORK
Quantity Available:
0
Rating:
95.58% positive ratings
Location:
Cape Town
Joined:
17 Jun 2008
Overview.
Off-Road Kit Includes:
All prices are subject to change without notice. All prices are subject to exchange rate fluctuation.
by John H Hall (245
by EdZulu (76
by queena (170Welcome to Swanson's Streamway Dog Park and Daycare
Hours of Operation:
- Monday- Friday
- 6:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.
- Saturday
- 8 a.m. to 12 p.m.
- (pickup/dropoff 4 p.m. to 5 p.m.)
- Sunday
- Closed - Open for pickup/dropoff
- between 9 a.m. and 10 a.m.,
- and 5 p.m. to 6 p.m.
Images of our facility found in this website are Copyright 2005-2015 Swanson's Dog Park and Daycare Inc. All other images and content are Copyright of their respective owners.
Swanson's Streamway Dog Park and Daycare is a non-smoking facility, located on a non-smoking premises.Previous Topic
Can gallbladder cancer be prevented?
Next Topic
Signs and symptoms of gallbladder cancer
Can gallbladder cancer be found early?
Gallbladder cancer is hard to find early. gallbladder is looked at in the lab after it is removed, small cancers or pre-cancers that did not cause any symptoms are sometimes found.
Last Medical Review: 10/29/2014
Last Revised: 02/13/20158"+6" round cakes with gumpaste flowers, bamboo and bongo's.
Air brushed in electric pink and electric yellow.
I am still considering adding some sort of boarder around the first tier but not sure what.....any suggestions?
CakeCentral.com is the world's largest social network for cake decorating professionals and enthusiasts.
(if this is a private computer)
Register now for
FREE
Yes please, register now!- News
- Sports
- Business
- Entertainment
- Community
- Lifestyles
- Opinion
- Driveway
- National
Police investigate potential poisoning of trees
Campbell River RCMP believe someone may have poisoned a neighbour’s trees to improve their ocean view.
Police received a report Monday of three large plum trees in the Larwood Road area that had apparently been poisoned.
An arborist suggested the trees were intentionally killed. Holes were found at the base of the trees which are most likely where the poison was administered.
The RCMP is looking for assistance with this investigation. Anyone with information is asked to contact CrimeStoppers or the local RCMP detachment.
Car thefts thwarted
Police responded to a report of a male and a female youth walking down South Alder Street attempting to break into vehicles around midnight last Friday.
Upon arrival, RCMP located the two suspects including two other accomplices. During the investigation, stolen property was located in the backpack of a male youth.
He is facing charges of theft under $5,000 as well as possession of stolen property.
Police are hoping to return the possessions seized to their rightful owners. There were four vehicles involved in this short crime spree.
Driver runs stop sign
Two vehicles were severely damaged in an accident at Simms and Galerno roads on July 10, around 1 p.m.
Mounties attended the accident and were advised by one driver that they did not see the stop sign and continued through the intersection. Their vehicle was then struck by another vehicle legally going through the intersection. The second driver was taken to hospital with minor injuries. The investigation is continuing and charges are pending against the driver who was not paying attention to the road.
Community Events, May 2015
Read the latest eEdition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.
May 20 edition online now. Browse the archives.Send.
Sweet, refreshing simplicity is the hallmark of these exclusive christening/baptism mint tins. Sweetly designed custom tins honor your child's milestone, while the refreshingly minty candies within provide simple pleasures for your guests. Ideal as christening favors, baptism favors or as favors for any religious confirmation. ...
Want fresh, sweet and simply one-of-a-kind baby shower favors? Then you'll love these exclusive personalized baby shower mint tins! Each is custom designed just for you only from Beau-coup.
"It's my party and I'll cry if I want to..." Oh no you won't! Turn that pout into a pucker with these refreshing personalized birthday party mint tins. After all, birthdays aren't for tears they're for smiles!
Set your sweet 16th birthday party apart from the rest with our exclusive sweet 16 mint tins. These personalized favors are only available at Beau-coup a refreshing blend of unique and chic that's just for you!- Updated:
- February 13, 2007 11:38:59 AM
- Type:
- Adware
- Risk Impact:
- High
- File Names:
- Runwin32.exe
- Systems Affected:
- Windows 2000, Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows Me, Windows NT, Windows Server 2003, Windows XP
Behavior
Adware.EasySearch modifies the Internet Explorer settings and may download programs onto the infected computer.
Symptoms
The files are detected as Adware.EasySearch.
Transmission
This file must be manually installed.
Antivirus Protection Dates
- Initial Rapid Release version October 2, 2014 revision 022
- Latest Rapid Release version February 1, 2015 revision 020
- Initial Daily Certified version August 11, 2004
- Latest Daily Certified version January 26, 2015 revision 023
- Initial Weekly Certified release date August 11, 2004Re-creating the popular stage show and Nerdist Industries podcast in print, The Thrilling Adventure Hour is a timeless collection of original genre tales that harkens back to the heyday of old-time radio entertainment. Written by TAH co-creators Ben Acker and Ben Acker, this hardcover anthology!
May the Speed Force Be With You: "The Flash" Finale's Greatest Moments
TViPhone - iPod Games
Bloons TD 5 Questions for iPhone - iPodHome / iPhone - iPod /
Game Questions & Answers (Q&A) service lets you ask questions about video games for game consoles or PC games. So ask your Bloons TD 5 question for iPhone - iPod and get answers from real gamers or answer questions and share your insights and experience with the rest of the gaming community.
Game Boxshot & Details
- Developer: Ninja Kiwi
- Publisher: Ninja Kiwi
- Genre: Action
- Release: Nov 15, 2012
- ESRB: Not Set
Game Questions
Stuck on this game? Set a specific, clearly defined question and let others answer your question or view answers to previously asked questions. If you think you are an Bloons TD 5 expert then please try to help others with their
Secret achievements
From: secret
From: secret
Total 4 Answers
Posted On: 02-04-2014
Posted On: 02-04-2014
How to get monkey bucks
From: Monkey bucks
From: Monkey bucks
Total 4 Answers
Posted On: 02-04-2013
Posted On: 02-04-2013
Ask a Question
Please avoid repeated questions!! Use our Search Box above to see if your question has already been asked, this will save you time waiting for answers which are already on the site.
Ask new Question
Trailers & Gameplay Videos
View All Videos
Bloons TD 5 - Launch Trailer
- Aug 22, 2014, Views: 221)In response to the item below about Kulwant Roy, Eric Mac wrote: ."
As someone who has pawed through huge numbers of old photographs and forgotten archives, I have just one piece of advice on that account: notate them.
I was in a local "antiques" cavern just recently (an ancient old warehouse that seems to rise right out of the river—wonder how they fared in the floods?) and the proprietor told me he had a collection of 12,000 old photographs. As we talked, he mentioned one old woman who brought in a bunch of old photographs. When he asked her why she was getting rid of them, she commented, "I'm sure I'm related to some of 'em—I just don't know which ones."
To be of interest to historians or descendants alike, pictures need to be identified. So, wherever and however possible, attach some information to the picture. I know I'm like a broken record about this, but it's a point that bears reinforcing.
_____________________
Mike
I was always told to never write on a picture, even on the back. Doubly so for ballpoint pens. But in my other hobby, genealogy, I am always extremely happy to find a photo with identification, usually written on the back with a ballpoint pen.
Posted by: Gordon Buck | Thursday, 19 June 2008 at 12:36 PM
Ah yes. For many years my mum has put the date and the names of the people, on the back of photographs.
And she puts the names on the back at their relative positions. So then we know that Auntie Joan is the one standing up, third from the left.
Posted by: David Bennett | Thursday, 19 June 2008 at 02:09 PM
Very important point you make here, Mike. People should think of their photos as something of potential historical value - at least within the family or the neighbourhood. Therefore: Make notes of the actual situation with the SELECTED pictures.
I for a start make folders of the geographical positions. Then I make a selection of the "best" pictures within each folder. Next thing is to give each selected file a proper name. Finally the very best pictures get even more data whithin their files. Thats a good start for all of us - now - and in the potential future use of the pictures.
Posted by: Peter Hovmand | Thursday, 19 June 2008 at 02:51 PM
I think this is a particularly interesting topic as we move into the digital age. In reality this should get easier with digital. Metadata is something that we've been dealing with for digital file formats for almost forever. However if you say things like EXIF and IPTC to the average person making happy snaps with digital they're probably going to look at you funny.
Is there good, inexpensive software out there that will batch write this kind of standard metadata into files? From my admittedly limited experience, I have yet to see anything.
It seems like Picasa (or competitors) would be naturals for this, but as far as I can tell, Picasa generates its own separate files for metadata instead of writing to the original file itself. I suppose this is a good conservative approach as the original file is always preserved, but this doesn't concretely associate the metadata with the image that it describes. If the index gets broken or lost then the metadata is gone and needs to be rebuilt.
I use Picasa as an example, because the other (big) hurdle for the consumer space is that not only must the software be competent, and fast, the interface also needs to be very intuitive and easy to use. It's also apropos because it's a natural combination to have this type of functionality integrated into cataloging programs.
What is the equivalent of "writing on the back with a ball-point pen" in the digital age?
Posted by: Peter | Thursday, 19 June 2008 at 03:39 PM
As a professional historian, I whole heartedly support Mike's point here. The ability to identify the provenance of a photo is often dependent upon the select memories of only a few viewers. As a result, non-annotated pictures can quickly become the flotsam and jetsam of a forgotten history. This can be especially true with the elderly and their images. Extensive labeling does entail some labor, but consider this: A family gathering over old photos, coffee and cake (beer and warm pretzels?) is a very enjoyable way to counter the atomizing influence of TVs and computers.
Posted by: Alexander Vesey | Thursday, 19 June 2008 at 03:40 PM
Just don't do what my mother-in-law used to do: write the names of people on the front of the photo and usually right across their foreheads.
Posted by: Donovan Rieger | Thursday, 19 June 2008 at 05:23 PM
I know, I'm preaching to the converted, but I know from two recent experiences the importance of keeping such photos and that notations are helpful.
In the first instance, when my partner lost his mother, his sibling suggested that "No-one wants these old photos and slides, do they?", and offered to throw them out. I myself caught them, partly out of curiosity, but partly because, while that generation had no-one who was particularly interested in them, there was nothing to say a generation or two down the line there was not going to be a geneologist in the family who would see them as a goldmine, and be able to bring it all together. Hopefully I'll be able to get them all scanned and annotated with the current generation's help, and distribute them to all and sundry as an extra "backup".
...which leads to a second (or third?) cousin of my own family, a mad hobby geneologist (I say "mad" as a compliment; like I might say "mad photographer") who we didn't know but who caught up with our family and for whom we discovered, from my late grandfather's records and photos, a photo of his grandfather (in going-to-war uniform). Previously he had no photo at all. He was...well, ecstatic.
I guess that leads to a third story, of my brother-out-law. His is an Australian indigenous background, one where clans/families were split up and relocated repeatedly and the only records that were (able to be) kept were of a variety kept by the then-government, and which are of a harsh "officialese" variety. Now, as resources are being put to trying to bring back these records into some kind of genealogically coherent form (not easy, going from what I have seen, as names were changed and people were arbitrarily moved or died unknown in asylums), it is somewhat awe-inspiring to see in my brother-out-law the heart and familial and social enrichment that is occurring as all the different threads and previously-unknown histories begin to re-entwine.
It might be a cliche (or just an opportunity to quote Joni Mitchell) but sometimes "you don't know what you've got til it's gone".
Posted by: ML | Thursday, 19 June 2008 at 07:41 PM
I'd say keywords or info stored in metadata are practically a necessity for any archive. But all these will be useless 10, 20,... 50? ... 100? years from now. So it's back to the ballpoint on the back of a print.
Maybe we can improve on that and use an archival ink or a smearproof pencil. Or use annotated sleeves, albums, whatever. The point is we have to rely on prints (and hope that current inkjet technology won't let us down) and ways to mark those prints.
Unless you are a mini Corbis or some such and can afford to migrate media and databases and keep up with the latest LR, Aperture, OS's, file format specifications and on and on - your pixels won't survive the ravages of time nearly as well as those silver prints in my mom's attic.
If it matters to you - print it and WRITE ON IT!
Sounds harsh -- but I don't see other options for the historical long term.
Posted by: Antonis | Thursday, 19 June 2008 at 08:05 PM
Add a 5.5 inch border on the bottom of the print and use Photoshop to add text at the bottom.
Joe
Posted by: Joe Henry | Friday, 20 June 2008 at 05:18 AM
And, thus, the RAW vs. Jpeg debate reaches a denoument; file formats are not neccesarily "forever". Print multiples on single sheets with titles, dates, etc., and store in archival sheets and boxes.
I'm finding cryptic notes in the backs of picture frames at my mothers house.
Bron
Posted by: Bron Janulis | Friday, 20 June 2008 at 06:21 AM
If you have the time, why not write down the who/what/why/when/where/how for each shot that you want to keep. Take digital photographs of each print and put together a book (with text) on one of the many online sites like mypublisher. Order copies for everyone in the family.
Posted by: Carl Root | Friday, 20 June 2008 at 08:11 AM
How about instead writing on the back of the print itself, we write the "who is it, what is it" information on a piece of archival acid free paper. Then we could adhere the paper to the back of the print with a good double sided adhesive. A lot of these adhesives or tapes claim to be archival. So even if they're not as good as claimed, I would think it would be a better solution than writing on the back of the print itself.
Posted by: Rob Griffin | Friday, 20 June 2008 at 10:29 AM
It's not just genealogists who want this info. I'm in the midst of a rephotography project, and would love to know more about the images I've selected to use - not just 'who' but 'where' and 'when'!
Posted by: jkiel | Friday, 20 June 2008 at 11:02 AM
I'm firmly in the keyword-per-person and situation-in-captions camp. I wrote about my overall workflow in but the gist of it (as it touches on capturing people) is:
1. Set up a keyword for every person photographed at more than a couple of events. Some people feel too many keyword entries in their library somehow "pollutes" it; I don't agree at all. Create hierarchies, and use them.
2. Set up a "button set" for whatever group of people were at an event you are working. Common sets will probably be kept for a really long time (for example, your immediate family). Others will be created, used for one event, then discarded. That's okay. What the button set buys you is a button to push (or a keyboard combination to hit) to tag a picture as containing a particular individual.
3. Capture, in captions, situations and positions (if there are multiple people in the picture). I've also moved to adding a "PeopleIndex" custom field to specifically capture the "Aunt Mae on left, Aunt Fae on right" bits.
Right now, I'm focused on just straight capture, confident that as long as I have the data captured, I can script its export (ex, to a printer with the keywords, caption, and PeopleIndex fields printed below). I haven't had any trouble migrating from digital library to digital library over the past 10 years, although I definitely see the potential risk there. When we *do* (rarely) print something out, there's an immediate identification scrawled across the back or in the margin, just like my parents did. The prints usually just don't get kept around long enough to be considered more permanent than the digital copies, but if it's going out of our hands (to a relative or friend), all the identifying information does indeed go with it.
Posted by: Tom Dibble | Friday, 20 June 2008 at 11:43 PM
So true. I've been gradually scanning and indexing my late father's huge collection of slides and negatives. Unfortunately for me, he had an excellent memory and seldom made any notes. The date stamps on the slide mounts and the processing mailers (proto-EXIF) has been helpful, but there are still plenty of unknowns.
If you have a collection of old photos, regardless of format, take them around to other family members and catalog their recollections. I'm planning on setting up a couple old fashioned slide-show at our next family get-together for just that purpose.
Or even just ask if they remember any particular vacation spots, what kinds of cars people drove, etc. Even random details like that can provide clues when you're looking at a pile of anonymous photos. My uncle happened to mention that a certain long-departed relative liked to wear elaborate feathered hats, and that was immediately helpful.
Posted by: Bryan C | Monday, 23 June 2008 at 09:46 AMBe careful out there!
This post is part update, part observation and part cautionary tale.
A makeshift memorial marked the Bloor Street location where Sheppard was mortally injured. Photo: Madchester via Wikipedia, CC some rights reserved.
Almost three years ago in Toronto, on August 31st 2009, cyclist Darcy Sheppard died of injuries suffered in a dramatic encounter with a car driven by Michael Bryant. (Though he was simply riding his bike at the time of the accident, Sheppard had also been a bicycle courier.)
The incident generated widespread news coverage and stirred strong feelings in cycling communities, where car-verses-bike encounters are a constant concern.
At the time of the accident, Michael Bryant was a Harvard-trained lawyer with political prominence – “a rising star” in journalistic shorthand. He was also a former attorney general for Ontario. In spite of that elevated status (because of that status?) Bryant was quickly – very quickly – arrested and charged with criminal negligence causing death and dangerous driving causing death.
Looking back, it does appear that assumptions were made. Assumptions about road rage, assumptions about guilt.
By May of 2010, Richard Peck, a prosecutor imported from British Columbia for that case, concluded there was “no reasonable prospect of conviction” and the charges were dropped.
That still allows for assumptions. Some might assume a powerful person got a break, or that guilt existed which simply couldn’t be proven. After all, the case never went to court and Darcy Sheppard is not around to present his side of the story. CBC quoted Misty Bailey, the dead cyclist’s girlfriend as having this reaction:
“The message I’m getting is we deserve to die for riding a bike,” she said. “There’s no repercussions.”
But this case doesn’t look that simple. According to CBC:.
Quoted by CBC outside the courtroom, here’s how Peck summarized the situation:
“Our conclusion is that Mr. Bryant had been attacked by a man who unfortunately was in a rage. In such circumstances, he was legally justified in attempting to get away. The case could not be proved.”
Michael Bryant has since written a book about the experience.
In a recent interview with CBC he reiterates his sense of being attacked by a belligerent Sheppard. Bryant says he really doesn’t know what he could have done differently in that sudden, frightening encounter. As someone very familiar with the usual pace of investigations, he also thinks his arrest came with remarkable haste. According to Bryant and witnesses found by his legal team, the official investigation initially concentrated on collecting evidence that supported the driver road rage theory, rather than dispassionately seeking all facts.
Speaking with CBC reporter Amanda Lang, Bryant says his over-sized ego was humbled by the experience, including the shock of being treated as the guilty party when he felt he’d been the victim from the outset. Bryant states he gave up alcohol in 2006 and that he’d been drinking tea on the night of the incident. But in some small measure Bryant thinks his own struggles with alcoholism allow for a degree of empathy with Sheppard, who was found to be legally intoxicated on the night in question.
I’m blogging on this because media coverage can often be better at damaging reputations than restoring them – a regrettable shortcoming I wish could be redressed. As you might expect, coverage about dropping the charges didn’t get the same publicity as the initial “road rage arrest” stories.
And speaking as a cyclist (and a driver) we all need to remember how dangerous car-bike encounters can be. Consuming alcohol to excess can lead to regrettable consequences too. You don’t want to discover all this in person – or end up dead – and hope investigators and prosecutors interpret the confusion correctly.
I’ll close with Michael’s Bryant’s comments about what he went through:
“It is not a morality play about bikes verse cars, couriers verses drivers, or one about class, privilege or politics. It’s just about how in 28 seconds everything can change.”
Tags: bicycle safety, canada, Darcy Sheppard, Michael Bryant, Ontario, Toronto bicycle death
News coverage is often influenced by the need to produce ratings, circulation, sales, revenue, etc., similar to that of entertainment programming. Consequently, there’s a preponderance of sensational, over-hyped and notorius “news” stories. Mix in the constant editorializing and it’s a wonder we get any real news at all. American media have a lot to answer for in the way they choose and report the news.
Like/Dislike this comment:
4
1
The American public has just as much to answer for. They want to be entertained and not informed.
Like/Dislike this comment:
2
2
First, one thing I have never understood when it comes to bikes on the road is the requirement they go with the traffic. Wouldn’t it be better if they clearly saw what was coming at them.
Secondly, when recently driving I came upon two bicyclists riding in the middle of my lane. I tooted the horn but they didn’t move. Happily, there was no oncoming traffic so I pulled out and passed them as though I were passing a slow car in my lane.
My point and my question is do some bicyclists just like to presume cars won’t hit them? I think it is very dangerous to presume a car won’t hit you just because you are walking or biking.
Like/Dislike this comment:
4
0
Pete, I think the reason bikes are required to ride with traffic is that it’s not unusual to be riding at 20 or more mph. So if you’re hit by a car doing 30, it’s like being hit by a car doing 50, etc. That said, it gives me the creeps riding with traffic; that’s one reason I don’t much ride bikes.
As to your second issue, yeah, I’ve had the same experience– some bikers feel that they have just as much right to occupy the roadway as anyone else. I’d be interested to ride in a car with them when they get behind a car doing 25 miles under the speed limit. Something tells me they would not take it all that well.
Like/Dislike this comment:
2
2
Larry, I think PNE is right, much as I’d like to blame the broadcasters. They’re just chasing ratings– if viewers flocked to better coverage, there would be more of it. Instead, the consistent ratings winner is Fox News.
Like/Dislike this comment:
3
2
Well, except where prohibited (I.e., freeways) bicycles actually do have the technical/legal right to use the roadway, just as cars do.
That being said, there’s legally permitted, there’s being oblivious and sometimes there’s downright stupid.
On any given day, you can find drivers being rude, aggressive and dangerous. And there are plenty of bike riders who display equal insensitivity.
That popular slogan “share the road” doesn’t just mean “yield to bikes – no matter what”. Sharing has to cut both ways.
Now, there are times and places where the cyclist simply can’t get from point A to point B without causing a slow down. Cars really do need to cut those riders some slack.
But where there’s choice involved, by all means, cyclists should also do their best to not impede drivers.
This issue requires empathy & courtesy,folks. On both sides!
Like/Dislike this comment:
3
0
PNE is absolutely right in that the public allows their news to be presented to them as entertainment. Most can’t tell the difference.
Like/Dislike this comment:
3
0
Pete Klein: good questions.
As someone who bikes everywhere and a bit of a bicycling advocate, I can tell you that even though bikes face more obstacles to getting places safely, there are indeed irresponsible bicyclists, just like there are irresponsible drivers.
Bear in mind that in the absence of a sidewalk (ie: most of rural and suburban America), the shoulder of the road is for both pedestrians and bicyclists. Bikers and walkers must ride in opposite directions so they can see each other.
One of those two has to ride with traffic and I think Walker’s explanation makes sense to me as to why.
Most regular bikers I know are the opposite of what you describe. My experience is that far too many drivers don’t make themselves aware of bikers. One of the most common dangers I face is an impatient driver cutting in front of me into the shoulder to go around a car that’s stopped so it can turn left. I *assume* cars are going to ignore and be impolite to me. If I assumed otherwise, I’d be dead or paralyzed.
Like/Dislike this comment:
3
1
Back in the early 70’s, whilst in CA, I read an article about motorcycle versus automobile drivers which likely has similar implications to bicycle versus automobile drivers. It appears that our fight or flight/perceived danger reactions come into play when automobile drivers come upon motor/bi cycles. The study was an attempt to determine a riding methodology which would ensure that the auto drivers observed and provided the safest possible sharing of the road with motorcyclists.
Various clothing schemes of brightness, color and pattern as well as headlight on, cycling between high and low, flashing and swinging to an fro similarly to the light on a train locomotive were tried. All methodologies were evaluated in CA traffic and all were nearly equal in effect, not much, with the exception of one combination which worked amazingly well. That combination was motorcycle painted to resemble a California Highway Patrol motorcycle and rider dressed to simulate CHP uniform.
Conclusion of the study was that drivers react to perceived danger and act accordingly; thus, automobile drivers sense law enforcement and larger vehicles as imminent danger and smaller users of the roadway as not.
Like/Dislike this comment:
1
1ACParadise Network: American Cosplay Paradise American Cosplay Experience American Cosplay Snapshots
Cosplayer KitsuEmi > Costume of Shinichi (Shin) Okazaki from NANA
- Most Recent Photo
- 04-29-2012
- Series
- NANA
- Character
- Shinichi (Shin) Okazaki
- Year Completed:
- N/A
- Construction Difficulty:
- Easy
About this Costume
- Construction Details:
- top and pants both made from scratch. accessories found/modded. lighter bought, it actually functions as a lighter. 8D collar is...a dog collar from Petco LOL Outfit is a bit of a mix between movie2 Shin and the manga ver. Based the top off of the one Kanata Hongo mainly wears, pants are more like the manga ver cuz I'd trip with the connecting belt...for hair/lighter I went for the manga/anime coloring.
- Personal Thoughts:
- Shiiin~ I've wanted to cos from NANA forever, so I'm glad I finally got to!!
Add a Comment
Photos
Sorry, you must be a registered user of and logged in to view and add comments. Either log in or register now!Corporation Says It Will Run for Congress 10
After the Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission to allow unlimited corporate funding of federal campaigns, Murray Hill Inc. announced it was filing to run for US Congress and released a campaign video.
Re: (Score:2)
Are you an employee? In most corporations, you have about as much control over company policy as you do whether you'll survive the next round of layoffs.
Which is to say, you'll be as much a part of congress as the average citizen is today.
Dear Supreme Court... (Score:2)
Founded in 2005 (Score:3, Interesting)
5 year olds can't run for office. FAIL.
(aside: the problem isn't lifting restrictions on speech, it's the form corporations have taken since John D. Rockefeller lobbied Congress in the 1860's to change how corporations were permitted). Fix the cause, not the symptom.
Amazing...What's Next? (Score:1)
well (Score:1)
In other news... (Score:3, Funny)
Rep. Heinz, Inc. (D, Mass.), Rep. Monsanto (R, Ky), Rep. General Motor Corp (R, Mi), Rep. Apple, Inc (D, Ca) have all agreed on a law proposal forbidding non-corporations from voting in general elections.
Rep. Diebold (R, OH) intends to filibuster on that bill.900 Special Populations
929 Children with Disabilities Subpart I Special Programs and Unique Educational Alternatives Special Programs for Children who are Deaf-Blind
1.1 The Margaret S. Sterck School, Delaware School for the Deaf, located in the Christina School District, shall have administrative responsibility for providing services to the deaf-blind program.
2.0 Special Programs for Children with Autism.
2.1 The following definitions shall apply to this section:
“Accepted Clinical Practice” means any behavior management procedure or treatment, the effectiveness of which has received clear empirical support as documented by publication in peer reviewed journals or similar professional literature.
“Behavior Management Procedure” means any procedure used to modify the rate or form of a target behavior.
“Behavior Management Target” means any child's behavior that either causes or is likely to cause (a) injury to the child (e.g., self abuse), (b) injury to another person (e.g., aggression), (c) damage to property, (d) a significant reduction in the child's actual or anticipated rate of learning (e.g., self stimulation, noncompliance, etc.) or (e) a significant reduction in the societal acceptability of a child (e.g., public masturbation, public disrobing, etc.).
“Emergency Intervention Procedure” means any procedure used to modify episodic dangerous behavior (e.g., self injurious behaviors, physical aggression property destruction) identified in a behavioral intervention plan.
“Ethical Use” means the application of a procedure in a manner that is consistent with current community values and protects all of a child's rights.
“Informed Consent” means knowing and voluntary consent by the parent(s), based upon a thorough explanation by the program staff member supervising the individualized Behavior Management procedure, of the nature of the procedure, the possible alternative procedures, the expected behavior outcomes, the possible side effects (positive and negative), the risks and discomforts that may be involved, and the right to revoke the Procedure at any time.
“Least Restrictive Procedure” means that behavior management procedure which is the least intrusive into, and least disruptive of, the child's life, and that represents the least departure from normal patterns of living that can be effective in meeting the child's educational needs.
“School” means any public school or program (special education or otherwise), which has enrolled a child who is primarily eligible for special education related services under the autism classification.
2.2 The Statewide Monitoring Review Board (SMRB) shall be generally administered by the Director for State Services for Children with Autism and the DOE’s Director of the Exceptional Children and Early Childhood Education Group.
2.2.1 The purpose of the SMRB is to define research based best educational practices for students with autism served in approved programs in Delaware. This includes reviewing and making recommendations to the Secretary regarding the special education and related services for children with autism in approved programs, including programs for students with autism whose placement in private facilities has been authorized by DOE.
2.2.2 The SMRB shall consist of the following members:
2.2.2.1 Director for State Services for Children with Autism.
2.2.2.2 Director of the Exceptional Children and Early Childhood Education Group, or the Director’s designee.
2.2.2.3 One administrator from each LEA with an approved program for students with autism, or their designee. The administrator or designee must have experience in, and responsibility for, the program for students with autism.
2.2.2.4 One non administrative experienced professional from each approved program for students with autism. These individuals are nominated by the administrator responsible for the approved program and are subject to the approval of the Director for State Services for Children with Autism.
2.2.2.5 Two nonvoting public representatives nominated annually by the Statewide Parent Advisory Committee. These individuals must not have a child currently served in an approved program.
2.2.3 The SMRB shall operate under the following procedures:
2.2.3.1 The Director of State Services for Children with Autism shall serve as the Chairperson of the Board.
2.2.3.2 A majority of the voting members of the board shall constitute a quorum.
2.2.3.3 Decisions of the Board shall be determined by a majority vote of the quorum.
2.2.3.4 The chairperson shall set mutually agreeable times and places for meetings, which shall be scheduled at least five times per year, contingent upon agenda items.
2.2.3.5 The SMRB shall discharge its responsibilities in accordance with the Act and these regulations.
2.2.3.6 The SMRB shall function in an advisory capacity and the procedural safeguards guaranteed to students with autism, their parents (as defined under the Act), and LEAs or other public agencies, shall not be diminished by the activities of the SMRB.
2.2.4 The SMRB has the following responsibilities:
2.2.4.1 To determine which educational methods and curricula are consistent with research based best practices for students with autism. This includes reviewing and making recommendations regarding proposed new practices.
2.2.4.1.1 Requests for review of practices may be submitted to the SMRB by SMRB members, the Secretary, the State Parent Advisory Committee, superintendents or chief administrators of LEAs.
2.2.4.1.2 If the party making the request for review disagrees with the recommendation of the SMRB regarding best educational practices, they may request the Secretary appoint an independent expert to review the practice. The procedural safeguards guaranteed to students with autism, their parents (as defined under the Act) and LEAs or other public agencies, shall not be diminished by any recommendations of an independent expert appointed by the Secretary.
2.2.4.2 To review, at least annually, educational programming and aggregated performance data for students with autism in approved programs in Delaware.
2.2.4.3 To make recommendations based on this review regarding appropriate strategies, supports, services, and professional development necessary to ensure the implementation of research based best educational practices with respect to the evaluation and educational programming for students with autism.
2.2.4.4 To assist LEAs with approved programs in developing and implementing plans to address the recommendations of the SMRB.
2.2.4.5 To submit an Annual Report by September 1 of each year to the Secretary, the State Board of Education, and the Governor’s Advisory Council for Exceptional Citizens.
2.3 A Parent Advisory Committee (PAC) shall be established by each local education agency operating a center for the Delaware Autism Program.
2.3.1 The function of the PAC shall be to advise the LEA on matters pertaining to the local center. A PAC formed under this section may combine its activities and meetings with other local parent organizations or committees serving children with disabilities.
2.3.2 Each PAC shall meet no less than four times each year and shall be representative of the age groups of children with autism served by the local center.
2.3.3 When an LEA operates a residential program, at least one member of the PAC shall be a parent of a child with autism served in the residential program associated with that center.
2.4 A Statewide Parent Advisory Committee (SPAC) shall be established whose membership shall consist of one representative elected annually from each local education agency PAC.
2.4.1 The SPAC shall meet no less than four times each year with the Director of DAP advising on matters pertaining to the program.
2.4.2 The establishment and revision of bylaws for the SPAC shall be by majority vote of all of its eligible members.
2.4.3 A current statewide membership list shall be provided to all parents.
2.4.4 Reimbursement for travel expenses shall be available to members of the SPAC.
2.5 A Peer Review Committee (PRC) shall be established by the Director of the Delaware Autism Program (DAP) and DOE in consultation with the Statewide Monitoring Review Board (SMRB).
2.5.1 Purpose: The purpose of the PRC shall be to review, in light of accepted clinical practice, the professional and clinical issues involved in the use of behavior management procedures to ensure their appropriate use by the staff of an LEA serving children with autism.
2.5.2 Composition: The PRC shall consist of three to five members who shall be competent, knowledgeable professionals with at least three years of post doctoral experience in the theory and ethical application of behavior management procedures. Membership shall be external to the Delaware Autism Program, DOE, any Delaware LEA, and any other State agency or department, excluding State institutions of higher education. Members shall not belong to any in-State committee, council, board or program that deals directly with children with autism.
2.5.3 Operation: The PRC shall elect a chairperson and shall adopt a set of rules to guide its operation. A copy of these rules shall be provided to the DOE and the Director of the DAP.
2.5.4 Peer Review Committee (PRC) Responsibilities:
2.5.4.1 The PRC shall meet at least every three months to review those behavior management procedures requiring after the fact examination.
2.5.4.1.1 A quorum shall consist of a majority of the Committee.
2.5.4.1.2 The PRC chairperson shall announce the dates of review at least one month prior to the review date.
2.5.4.1.3 The PRC shall meet at least 6 times per year to review procedures requiring prior, case by case review that have been granted interim or on going approval. The monthly review shall continue until said procedure has been discontinued or the PRC votes otherwise. This review may be held jointly with HRC.
2.5.4.1.4 The PRC chairperson shall invite staff members of DAP responsible for implementation of behavior management procedures, the Director of DAP, or any other individual (e.g., a consultant to ensure expertise in a specific behavior management procedure under review) to participate as needed in a non voting capacity.
2.5.4.1.5 The PRC shall provide technical assistance when requested by the Program Director to develop a behavior management procedure for children with disabilities engaged in behaviors that pose a significant health risk to the child or others, a significant risk of damage to property, or a significant reduction of learning.
2.5.4.1.6 The PRC shall review and evaluate the training and supervision for the staff that will carry out all behavior management procedures requiring prior, individual review and may evaluate the training of staff carrying out procedures requiring after the fact review.
2.5.4.1.6.1 The PRC shall provide the Program Director with written comments and recommendations concerning the findings of this review.
2.5.4.1.7 The PRC shall keep written minutes of all its meetings and shall submit them to the Director of DAP, the Department of Education and the HRC chairperson.
2.5.4.1.7.1 These minutes shall be submitted within two weeks of each meeting.
2.5.4.1.7.2 An oral summary of the PRC recommendations shall be made within 24 hours following the PRC meeting to the Director of DAP and the HRC chairperson.
2.6 A Human Rights Committee (HRC) shall be established by the Director of the DAP and DOE in consultation with the Statewide Autistic Program Monitoring Review Board.
2.6.1 Purpose: The purpose of the HRC shall be to review the ethical and children rights issues involved in the use of behavior management procedures to ensure their humane and proper application.
2.6.2 Composition: The HRC shall consist of five to ten members representing various occupations, who are not employees or relatives of children enrolled in the DAP, who are not employees of DOE, and who are not members of any in State organization, agency, or program that deals directly with children with autism. No member of the HRC shall be a member of the PRC.
2.6.3 Operation: The HRC shall elect a chairperson and shall adopt a set of rules to guide its operation. A copy of these rules shall be provided to DOE and the Director of the DAP.
2.6.4 Human Rights Committee Responsibilities
2.6.4.1 Whenever a school proposes to use a behavior management procedure requiring review prior to implementation, the HRC shall meet and review the proposed use of the behavior management procedure. This review shall occur within 7 days after the PRC chairperson informs the HRC chairperson of PRC's recommendations.
2.6.4.1.1 A quorum shall consist of a majority of the Committee.
2.6.4.1.2 This review, however, may be held jointly with the PRC.
2.6.4.2 The HRC chairperson shall invite staff members who are responsible for the implementation of behavior management procedures, the Director of DAP, or any other individual (e.g., consultant, parent) to participate as needed in a non voting capacity.
2.6.4.3 The HRC shall develop a written form to be used to ensure that informed parental consent is obtained before implementation of specified behavior management procedures.
2.6.4.4 The HRC shall keep written minutes of all its meetings and shall submit them to the Director of DAP, the Director of DOE’s Exceptional Children and Early Childhood Group, and the PRC chairperson.
2.6.4.4.1 These minutes shall be submitted within two weeks of each meeting.
2.6.4.4.2 An oral summary of the HRC recommendations shall be made within 24 hours following the HRC meeting to the Director of DAP and the PRC chairperson.
2.7 Joint responsibilities of the Peer Review and Human Rights Committees are as follows:
2.7.1 Issue a written statement indicating which behavior management procedure(s) shall be recommended for use:
2.7.1.1 Without further PRC and HRC review during the year approved;
2.7.1.2 Without a case by case PRC and HRC review but with after the fact review time lines to be established by the PRC; or
2.7.1.3 Only with prior case by case PRC and HRC before the fact review;
2.7.2 Recommend written modifications, if necessary, of behavior management procedures along with accompanying rationale;
2.7.3 Review a school's proposed Emergency Intervention Procedures for children with autism and issue a written statement indicating which Emergency Intervention Procedures shall be recommended:
2.7.3.1 For use without after the fact reporting to the PRC and HRC; or
2.7.3.2 For use with after the fact reporting to the PRC and HRC;
2.7.4 Issue an advisory, not mandatory, statement presenting a recommended hierarchy of reviewed behavior management procedures according to the Least Restrictive Procedure principle.
2.7.4.1 Notice shall be given to parents of children with autism in the program of the availability upon request, and at no cost to parents, of copies of the reviewed behavior management procedures.
2.7.4.2 A copy shall also be forwarded to the Governor's Advisory Council for Exceptional Citizens.
2.7.5 The PRC chairperson, in cooperation with the HRC chairperson, shall announce the joint PRC and HRC annual review at least one month prior to the review date.
2.7.5.1 At the discretion of either chairperson, Committees may meet jointly or separately to conduct before the fact and after the fact reviews.
2.7.6 Approve, before the fact, the housing of children under age twelve with a child over age sixteen in a community based residential program for children with autism operated by a school district designated and approved by the Secretary as the administering agency for the DAP.
2.7.7 Review, within 30 days of the granting of interim approval, any request by a school for the immediate implementation of a behavior management procedure requiring prior, case by case review.
2.7.7.1 Immediate implementation of a proposed procedure may occur after the Program Director has obtained unanimous interim approval from one PRC member and two HRC members.
2.7.7.2 Proposed prior review procedures not requiring immediate implementation shall be submitted by a school directly to PRC and HRC chairperson to be reviewed within two weeks of submission of the proposal.
2.7.8 Have access to the educational records of any child with autism for purposes of 2.5.1 and 2.6.1 of this section.
2.7.8.1 A quorum of a joint meeting shall consist of a majority of combined membership.
2.7.9 Submit written Procedural Descriptions for Behavior Management and Emergency Interventions.
2.7.9.1 Prior to utilizing a behavior management procedure or an emergency intervention procedure for a particular child with autism, a school shall submit written procedural descriptions for at least annual joint review by the PRC and HRC.
2.7.9.1.1 The annual date of review shall be announced by the HRC chairperson at least one month prior to the review date.
2.7.9.1.2 The school shall submit written procedural descriptions at least two weeks prior to the joint annual review date to the PRC and HRC chairpersons.
2.7.9.1.3 The written descriptions shall contain information determined by PRC and HRC and set forth in their operating rules.
2.7.9.1.4 PRC and HRC may request pertinent information needed for the completion of reviews.
2.7.9.2 After reviewing each behavior management and emergency procedure, the PRC and HRC shall indicate what kind of review each procedure requires (annual, after the fact, or prior case by case review). A school serving children with autism shall then submit proposals in accordance with PRC and HRC recommendations.
2.7.9.3 Behavior management and emergency intervention procedures that require annual review only may then be implemented by a school without further PRC/HRC review until the next annual joint review. A school shall require that the use of these procedures be indicated in a child's IEP.
2.7.9.4 Behavior management and emergency intervention procedures that require after-the-fact review only shall be used by a school without case by case review, but shall be reported after the fact to the PRC by dates specified by the Committee chairperson.
2.7.9.4.1 The school shall submit written records as set forth in PRC and HRC operating rules, or any other relevant information requested by either Committee, to the PRC chairperson at least one week prior to the review date.
2.7.9.4.2 Behavior management procedures that require prior case by case review shall be submitted to the PRC and HRC for joint review prior to implementation.
2.7.9.5 If the PRC and HRC decide not to review the case jointly, the PRC shall first review the proposal.
2.7.9.5.1 The proposal shall contain information determined by PRC and HRC and set forth in their operating rules.
2.7.9.5.2 Recommendations and rationale for the decision shall be provided whenever the PRC fails to recommend use of a proposed procedure.
2.7.9.6 Following the PRC recommendation (or following joint PRC and HRC approval), written informed parental consent shall be obtained by the school.
2.7.9.6.1 If an interim consent is obtained by telephone, then two witnesses to the content of the conversation shall sign a form certifying that the parent(s) gave informed consent. The school must then obtain written verification of this consent from the parent(s).
2.7.9.6.2 Parents may withdraw consent at any time; if said withdrawal is done verbally in person or by telephone, the parent shall provide written verification of withdrawal within 10 days of the initial notice.
2.7.9.7 Whenever the PRC and HRC choose not to meet jointly, the information provided by a school shall be submitted to the HRC along with the PRC's recommendations.
2.7.9.7.1 Recommendations and rationale for the decision shall be provided whenever the HRC fails to recommend the use of a proposed procedure.
2.7.9.7.2 Whenever a proposal is recommended for implementation, an IEP objective shall be developed relating to the behavior management target and the proposed procedure.
2.7.9.8 Whenever the PRC or HRC fail to recommend or modify the proposed procedure, the parent(s) shall be notified by the school.
2.7.9.8.1 If the procedure is to be modified, informed written consent shall be obtained from the parents.
2.7.9.9 The school staff responsible for implementing the behavior management procedure shall provide written reports to the PRC and HRC, summarizing the records (which shall be kept on a daily basis) on the use and results obtained by implementing the procedure.
2.7.9.9.1 Records shall be kept in an objective, quantitative form, permitting easy evaluation of child data.
2.7.9.9.2 The PRC and HRC shall have unrestricted access to all data, records, and reports relating to the behavior management procedures used.
2.7.9.10 Any behavior management or emergency intervention procedure that is developed by a school after the joint annual review date for a particular school year shall be submitted to the PRC and HRC chairpersons for joint review prior to any implementation of the new procedure, unless interim approval has been recommended as described in 2.7.7.
2.8 Private facilities serving autistic children shall have Peer Review and Human Rights Committee policies as follows:
2.8.1 Private facilities serving children with autism located in Delaware shall have Peer Review Committee and Human Rights Committee policies that comply with DELACARE standards (requirements for Residential Child Care Facilities, Department of Services for Children, Youth and Their Families (DSCYF)).
2.8.2 Private facilities serving Delaware children with autism located in other states shall comply with the Peer Review Committee and Human Rights Committee policies used by the state in which the facility is located.
2.8.2.1 Said policies shall be reviewed by Delaware's DOE to determine that they grant protection substantially equivalent to that provided by Delaware for children prior to any recommendation of approval for private placement by the Secretary.
2.8.3 Private facilities serving Delaware children with autism located in states which have no Peer Review Committee and Human Rights Committee policies shall have written Peer Review and Human Rights Committee policies that shall be reviewed by Delaware's DOE in consultation with Delaware's PRC, to determine that they grant protection substantially equivalent to that provided by Delaware for children, prior to any recommendation of approval for private placement by the Secretary.
2.8.4 Private facilities serving Delaware children with autism located in states which require substituted judgment or other court order for the use of aversive or related restrictive procedures, and which have obtained such an order for each Delaware child, shall be deemed to have met the peer review and human rights requirements of this section.
2.9 Whenever psychotropic medication has been prescribed by a physician and appears to affect adversely the educational program of a child with autism, the administrator of the center shall contact the parent and request a medication review with the parent and physician.
2.10 Appropriate liaison with the Department of Health and Social Services (DHSS) and other agencies shall be established by the Director of DAP and the DOE.
3.0 Students in Need of Unique Educational Alternatives
3.1 Unique Educational Alternative support shall be available for those children with disabilities who have needs that cannot be addressed through the existing resources and programs of the State. Unique Educational Alternatives include, but are not limited to, private residential placements and private day programs.
3.1.1 The Secretary shall approve children for Unique Educational Alternative support and the type of Unique Educational Alternative Support to be provided when such support is necessary to provide special education and related services to a child with a disability.
3.1.2 If the Unique Educational Alternative is a private residential or private day placement, the Secretary shall approve the designation of each child with a disability eligible for private placement and the private school or facility in which the approved child is to be enrolled.
3.1.3 Such approval of unique educational alternatives shall be for no more than a one year period, ending no later than August 31 of the year in which the child is to be enrolled.
3.2 The DOE shall convene the Interagency Collaborative Team (ICT) to review the expenditures for placements of children with disabilities in need of Unique Educational Alternatives.
3.2.1 ICT membership shall consist of:
3.2.1.1 Division Director, Division of Child Mental Health Services, DSCYF;
3.2.1.2 Division Director, Division of Family Services of DSCYF;
3.2.1.3 Division Director, Division of Youth Rehabilitation Services of DSCYF;
3.2.1.4 Division Director, Division of Developmental Disabilities Services of DHSS;
3.2.1.5 Division Director, Division of Alcoholism, Drug Abuse and Mental Health of DHSS;
3.2.1.6 Director of the Office of Management and Budget, or a designee;
3.2.1.7 Controller General or a designee;
3.2.1.8 Director, Exceptional Children and Early Childhood Education Group, DOE, who will serve as Chair;
3.2.1.9 Associate Secretary, Curriculum and Instructional Improvement Branch, DOE.
3.2.2 A Director shall be assigned to the ICT and may designate staff to be their representative on the ICT only if these designated representatives are empowered to act on behalf of the Division Director, including commitment of Division resources, for a full fiscal year.
3.2.3 The ICT shall invite to its meetings: a representative of a responsible LEA for the case under consideration, the parents of the child, and other persons the team believes can contribute to their deliberations.
3.2.4 The ICT shall:
3.2.4.1 Review existing assessments of new referrals;
3.2.4.2 Prescribe, if required, additional assessments for new referrals;
3.2.4.3 Review proposed treatment plans of new referrals;
3.2.4.4 Recommend alternatives for treatment plans of new referrals;
3.2.4.5 Coordinate interagency delivery of services;
3.2.4.6 Review at least annually, current Unique Educational Alternatives for the appropriateness of treatment plans and transition planning;
3.2.4.7 If appropriate, designate a Primary Case Manager for the purpose of coordination of service agencies;
3.2.4.8 If appropriate, designate agencies to be involved in collaborative monitoring of individual cases.
3.2.5 The ICT shall ensure that state costs incurred as the result of a Team recommendation or assessment of a child currently funded from the Unique Educational Alternatives appropriation for this purpose in the annual Appropriations Act will be covered from the existing appropriation.
3.2.5.1 New referrals will be assessed in the interagency manner described above.
3.2.5.2 Cases reviewed by the ICT will employ Unique Educational Alternatives funding to cover state costs to the extent determined appropriate by the Interagency Collaborative Team.
3.2.5.3 Other agencies may recognize a portion of the responsibility for the treatment of these children if determined appropriate by the Team. Funds may be transferred upon the approval of the Budget Director and the Controller General.
3.2.
3.3 Interagency Collaborative Team Review Criteria
3.3.1 The ICT shall recommend to the Secretary action on referrals for approval of Unique Educational Alternatives based on the following criteria:
3.3.1.1 An LEA or other public agency support program is either not available or is not adequate.
3.3.1.2 The LEA certifies that it cannot meet the needs of the child with existing resources and program.
3.4 Procedures for LEAs Seeking to Place Students in Unique Educational Alternative Settings
3.4.1 The responsible LEA for a child seeking Unique Educational Alternative support shall be the child's school district of residence. The district of residence is responsible for inviting the parent, and, if appropriate, the child with a disability, to the ICT meeting.
3.4.2 The chairperson of the ICT shall be contacted by the district of residence special education supervisor or designee as soon as the district has reason to believe Unique Educational Alternative support may be needed.
3.4.3 The IEP team that includes district of residence level representation shall meet and determine if the child's need for special education and related services can be met within the existing resources and programs available to the district.
3.4.3.1 Representatives of all agencies involved with the child shall be invited to attend this meeting.
3.4.4 The district of residence shall submit an application to the Chair of the ICT at least 5 business days before the meeting if it is determined that the child's needs for special education and related services as delineated on the child's IEP cannot be met through existing resources and programs.
3.4.5 The application will include:
3.4.5.1 Current and other relevant assessment information;
3.4.5.2 A historical summary of all placements and major interventions and support services that have been provided to the student;
3.4.5.3 A current IEP;
3.4.5.4 A concise statement of the needs that cannot be addressed through existing resources or programs;
3.4.5.5 A list of all agencies and resources that are currently supporting the child and the family; and
3.4.5.6 An Interagency Release of Information Form.
3.5 Procedures for the ICT
3.5.1 Review the application at its next monthly meeting.
3.5.2 Parents and representatives of all involved agencies shall be invited to participate in the meeting.
3.5.3 Recommendations of the ICT shall be shared in writing with the LEA, parents and other agency staff involved with the case within 5 business days. The ICT may:
3.5.3.1 Request additional information before making a final recommendation. This may include the involvement of additional agencies, additional assessments and review of additional programs and resources that the local team had not considered;
3.5.3.2 Request for additional information shall be sent to the LEA, parents, and other agency staff involved in the case within 5 business days of the meeting and as soon as the additional information is available, the case shall be brought back to the ICT for further review.
3.5.3.3 Recommend approval and agree that the child has needs that cannot be addressed through existing programs and resources. The local team may then develop the specifics of the Unique Educational Alternative support; or
3.5.3.4 Recommend rejection and ask the local team to use existing programs and resources to meet the educational needs of the children.
3.5.4 Final recommendations of the ICT shall be shared in writing with the LEA, parents and other agency staff involved in the case within 5 business days.
3.5.4.1 If the recommendation is for approval, the local team shall develop the specifics, including costs, of the Unique Educational Alternative.
3.5.4.2 The final plan, with costs, shall be submitted to the Chair of the ICT.
3.5.4.3 The Chair shall submit the recommendations for approval to the Secretary.
3.5.4.4 A recommendation for rejection shall be submitted by the Chair of the ICT to the Secretary for final action.
3.5.4.5 The parent, LEA superintendent or chief administrator, the special education supervisor, and the director of any other involved agency shall be notified in writing by the Secretary, following the action.
3.6 Financial Aid for Unique Educational Alternatives
3.6.1 Financial aid for children with disabilities approved for Unique Educational Alternative support by the Secretary, other than private residential or day schools, shall include only those costs that are not covered by an existing funding line.
3.6.1.1 The DOE shall pay 70% of the Unique Educational costs and the LEA will pay 30% of the costs unless waivers for the LEA are recommended by the ICT.
3.6.2 Financial aid for children with disabilities approved for private placement by the DOE shall include maintenance, transportation and tuition.
3.6.2.1 The DOE shall pay 70% of the private placement costs and the LEA shall pay 30% of the private placement costs.
3.6.2.2 The amount authorized for payment shall be the amounts charged by the private school or facility for tuition or program costs, transportation and maintenance, in accordance with the definitions in the Delaware Code.
3.7 Independent placements by LEA or public agency: An LEA or other public agency may independently place a child with a disability in a private or public school or facility and provide the tuition from appropriate LEA or other public agency funds without DOE approval.
3.7.1 Any private or public out of state facility in which an LEA or other public agency uses local funds to independently place a child with a disability must, nonetheless, be approved under any applicable standards of the state in which the facility is located.
3.8 LEA and public agency responsibility for private placements: When an LEA or other public agency responsible for the education of children with disabilities is unable to provide an appropriate program, the LEA or other public agency may refer the student for consideration of a unique educational alternative, including a private placement.
3.8.1 LEA Certification and Documentation
3.8.1.1 The LEA certification that the child is eligible for private placement and the statement pertaining to the lack of an appropriate program shall be forwarded on the designated forms to the DOE for review by the ICT prior to action by the Secretary.
3.8.1.2 Documentation shall accompany each application describing the nature and severity of the child's disabling condition(s).
3.8.1.3 Such documentation shall include report(s) of the appropriate specialist(s), depending upon the nature of the child's disability.
3.8.1.4 Additional documentation will be requested, if needed, in order to make a recommendation as to the child's eligibility for private placement or the appropriateness of the requested placement.
3.9 Responsibility for Individualized Education Program
3.9.1 The LEA or any other public agency shall develop the initial Individualized Education Program for each child with a disability referred for approval for placement that is in a private school or facility.
3.9.2 The LEA or other public agency shall ensure that a representative of the private school or facility attends the meeting. If a representative of the private school cannot attend the meeting, the LEA or other public agency shall use other methods to ensure participation by the private school or facility, including individual or conference telephone calls.
3.9.3 After a child with a disability enters a private school or facility; any meetings to review and revise the child's IEP may be initiated and conducted by the private school or facility at the discretion of the LEA or any other public agency.
3.9.4 If the private school or facility initiates and conducts these meetings, the LEA or any other public agency shall ensure that the parents and an LEA or other public agency representative are involved in any decision about the child's IEP and agree to any proposed changes in the program before those changes are implemented.
3.9.5 District of residence: The referring LEA for a child in private placement is the child's district of residence.
3.9.6 Responsibility for compliance: Primary responsibility for compliance with State and federal regulations shall remain with the LEA or other public agency responsible for the education of the child, even if a private school or facility implements a child's IEP.
3.10 State responsibility for private school accountability: In implementing State and federal regulations governing accountability for and to private programs, the DOE shall have the authority to:
3.10.1 Monitor compliance through procedures such as written reports, onsite visits and parent questionnaires.
3.10.2 Develop regulations that define the standards by which private schools and facilities may be approved to serve children with disabilities, and a schedule for reevaluation.
3.10.3 Disseminate copies of applicable standards to each private program to which a public agency has referred or placed a child with disability.
3.10.4 Provide an opportunity for those private schools or facilities to participate in the development and revision of State standards which apply to them.
10 DE Reg. 1816 (06/01/07)Many financial advisors suggest annuities to provide a stable stream of income to avoid running out of retirement money.» 
Most Americans want to find a way to stay in their own homes, close to family and friends, during their golden years.
Obama released the latest disclosures of his personal finances. Financial advisors weigh in on where he excels and where he can do better.
The U.S. Supreme Court rejected an appeal limiting the number of claims concerning Edison International retirement plans.
Only two-thirds of Americans can name the investments they hold, down from 76 percent five years ago, according to a new study.
A cautionary "Simpsons" and "Star Trek" analogy pretty much sums up the power of behavioral economics, says the founding father of the discipline.
Richard Thaler, "Misbehaving" author, explains why top draft picks can be overvalued..
Before packing their passport for a permanent move abroad, preretirees should factor in quality of health care, cost of living and taxes.
Criminals are targeting consumers' Starbucks cards then hacking the associated debit and credit cards.
A new study finds nearly two-thirds more millennials started participating in a retirement plan in 2014 than in 2013. Here's why.
A new study finds 1 in 4 employees misses out on receiving the full company 401(k) match by not saving enough.
Are you sure you are not missing out on money? CNBC's Jennifer Barrett reports on a new study which measures how many employees are missing out on employer match money.
Anyone who looks only at the current value of financial assets is laboring under a "valuation illusion" created by the ECB's zero interest policy.
New research finds that the Social Security Administration's bleak funding forecasts are actually too optimistic.
Sumner Redstone addresses press reports that he decided to make his daughter chairman after he dies.
A new study by Allianz Life finds 84 percent of Baby Boomers think retiring at 65 years old is unlikely and unrealistic. Insight, with Katie Libbe, Allianz Life.
Discussing how millennials and baby boomers are thinking about retirement, with Andy Sieg, BofA Merrill Lynch head of retirement. Sieg says the millennials are savvier in their knowledge of business than given credit.
Figuring out how much to save for future health-care costs is one of the toughest parts of retirement planning. Here's what you should know.
Half of older workers reported age discrimination diminished their employment opportunities. Here's how you can avoid it.
Get the best of CNBC in your inbox, July 1, 2010 (ENS) - The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has given its conditional approval to a new mountaintop removal coal mining permit, as long as the mine operator makes changes to protect downstream water quality.
The permit for Arch Coal, Inc. in Logan County, West Virginia involves a 760-acre mountaintop removal operation known as the Coal-Mac Pine Creek Surface Mine.
The permit was among those applications subject to a stricter permit review guidance imposed by the EPA in April under the Obama administration's effort to reduce environmental impacts from Appalachian surface mining.
Environmentalists support the stricter review guidance, but coal industry officials are opposed, and the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection is contemplating a legal challenge to the EPA guidelines.
Environmental and community groups are concerned about the effects of the Pine Creek mining operation that will blast away mountaintops and dump the unwanted rock into three valleys, burying headwater streams.
Bill Price, Sierra Club Environmental Justice organizer in West Virginia, said, "We had high hopes that the EPA's more stringent guidance for mountaintop removal coal mining would mean protection for our communities, but apparently we were mistaken. It's time to turn words into action and end this destructive practice."
"The massive Pine Creek Surface Mine and the neighboring communities and watershed suffer from the cumulative impacts of being surrounded by other mountaintop removal coal mines," said Price. "Mining companies have already buried close to 2,000 miles of Appalachian streams beneath piles of toxic waste and debris. We can't allow even one additional mine to destroy our communities."
But the EPA has decided to grant the permit if Arch Coal would build each valley fill separately over a three year period.
In a June 21 letter to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in Huntington, West Virginia, John Pomponio, director of the EPA's Environmental Assessment and Innovation Division, said waiting to start the next fill until the previous one is finished would allow monitoring of each fill "to ensure that predicted water quality outcomes are achieved."
Arch Coal officials have not said whether or not they would accept the new EPA conditions.
Vivian Stockman of the Ohio Valley Environmental Coalition lives in Logan County. "In approving the Pine Creek permit, the EPA has failed our community," she wrote today on the website ILoveMountains.org. "Any more mountaintop removal mining in Logan County is going to further degrade the watershed, increase pollution-related health impacts and increase the likelihood of more flooding."
"As deforestation on the Arch Coal mine site would continue to dismantle an important global carbon sink, the mine itself would produce over 14 million tons of coal, which when burned in power plants, would contribute over 40 million tonnes of carbon dioxide greenhouse gas pollution to the planet's atmosphere," she warned.
Community efforts to call a halt to mountaintop removal mining have attracted the support of well known musicians Dave Matthews, Emmylou Harris, Alison Krauss, Patty Griffin, Kathy Mattea, Patty Loveless, Big Kenny and Buddy Miller. They are working with the Natural Resources Defense Council in a new campaign called Music Saves Mountains.
At a sold-out benefit concert in May at Nashville's Ryman Auditorium organized by the NRDC, they raised money for this cause and pledged to generate public awareness of the dangers of this type of coal mining.
Kathy Mattea told ENS in an interview that songs can have a powerful effect on public opinion.
"Music has a way of telling a compelling story in three minutes, that would take many words to convey in print," Mattea said. "Art wakes us up from a different place, and that is music's advantage. Compelling songs can wake people up, and get them involved."
"Events like the one at the Ryman can galvanize a movement, and help the people on the front lines to gather together and re-energize when they may have gotten weary from working so hard," she said.
"And I suspect there were people in the audience who had been drawn by an affinity for the music, that may have never heard of mountaintop removal. I think drawing people to an event like that helps expose them to the discussion that was going on as the background to the concert."
"I am from these mountains," Mattea said. "I grew up there, and as a kid I was all over West Virginia, hiking, camping, caving, fishing, swimming. When I saw Mountaintop Removal for the first time, I was heartbroken. Then I met locals who live near these mines and heard their stories, and it was a sea-change moment for me. I resolved to try to help with whatever resources I could bring."
"Sometimes that's been meeting with the governor, or lobbying state legislators, or U.S. senators and representatives. Sometimes that's been speaking to college students. Sometimes that's been singing with other like-minded people. Sometimes it's been in the form of speeches or articles. Sometimes it's been in the form of long conversations with grassroots activists, or people in the coal industry," said Mattea. "I am interested in being of service in any way I can."
William Kenneth Alphin, known by his stage name Big Kenny, says songs are one way to make more people aware of the need for change. "I just want parents to know that the job they have, that is putting food on the table for their kids is the same job that is contaminating the water their children are drinking and poisoning them," he told ENS in an interview.
Big Kenny first became aware of mountaintop removal mining about three years ago while flying from Nashville to the family farm in Culpeper, Virginia.
"We saw this abominable destruction from mountaintop removal mining at low level," he said. "It looked like a moonscape - unbelievable. We saw black lakes and immense destruction."
"When I returned to Nashville I started researching what was happening and ended up going back to ground zero of this destruction and found out first hand from the people who live there that mountaintop removal is not good for our clean water and the basic human rights of our communities. Coal has oppressed the people of Appalachia for centuries. Few profit off the harm of many."
Kenny said the words of America's founding father Thomas Jefferson inspired him to take action against mountaintop removal mining.
"Since Thomas Jefferson wrote 'life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness' just 30 miles from where I was raised a seventh generation Virginia Rock and Roll Farm Boy, it really hit home for me. These are my people and the Appalachia is where my people live. I need to do everything I can to let them know that we have better options for power in our country than any process of exhuming coal that poisons our land, our air, our water, and our children."
"Protecting Appalachia's natural heritage is critical in preserving both our musical legacy and the future of our craft," said Harris. .".
"Nothing good comes from mountaintop removal," said NRDC President Frances Beinecke. "It costs jobs, destroys forests and poisons drinking water. People become sick as a result of this form of mining, and communities are forever damaged. Mountaintop removal would never be allowed in America's other treasured mountain ranges, such as the Rockies, the Sierra Nevada or the Adirondacks. It should not be allowed in the Appalachians, and it must stop."Robert F. C. Naczi & Charles T. Bryson
Carex [unranked] Griseae L. H. Bailey, Proc. Amer. Acad. Arts 22: 107. 1886; Carex sect. Oligocarpae (Heuffel) Mackenzie
Plants cespitose or not, short to long rhizomatous. Culms brown or purple at base. Leaves: basal sheaths not fibrous; sheath fronts membranous; blades M-shaped in cross section when young, adaxial side of blade with 2 lateral veins more prominent than midvein, widest blades not more than 6 mm, glabrous or sheaths hispidulous. Inflorescences racemose, with (1–)3–6 spikes; proximal nonbasal bracts leaflike, long sheathing; lateral spikes pistillate or rarely androgynous, sometimes 1–2 basal, pedunculate, prophyllate; terminal spike staminate. Proximal pistillate scales with apex rough-awned, awn to 8.3 mm. Perigynia ascending, yellow-brown to dark brown when mature, distinctly impressed veined, ovoid or obovoid to narrowly elliptic, rounded-trigonous or round in cross section, base tapering or rounded, apex rounded or somewhat tapering, abruptly contracted to beak or beakless, glabrous; beak straight or excurved, 0–1.3 mm, orifice entire. Stigmas 3. Achenes trigonous, smaller than bodies of perigynia; style deciduous.
Species 21 (20 in the flora): North America, Mexico.
The monophyly of Carex sect. Griseae is supported by the presence of numerous veins (sclerenchyma traces) that are impressed in both fresh and dry perigynia (R. F. C. Naczi 1992, 1997). Carex sect. Careyanae also has veins impressed in the perigynia when fresh, supporting the view that it is a sister group to sect. Griseae. However, Carex sect. Careyanae has dry perigynia with raised veins and perigynia that are acutely angled, in contrast to the obtusely angled or nonangled perigynia in Carex sect. Griseae.
Mature, complete, and ample specimens are necessary for reliable identification of most of the species of Carex sect. Griseae. Specimens should include rhizomes, vegetative shoots, and shoots of the previous season (sometimes dead by the time of fruiting); these features are absent from many herbarium specimens. Depauperate specimens are often difficult or impossible to identify, particularly since many of the species overlap in the ranges of measurements for diagnostic characters. When determining the presence or absence of purple-red coloration of shoot bases and the height of such coloration, shoot bases should be examined in bright light with magnification.
SELECTED REFERENCE
Naczi, R. F. C. 1992. Systematics of Carex Section Griseae (Cyperaceae). Ph.D. thesis. University of Michigan.
1
Culm bases brown.
(2)
+
Culm bases purple-red.
(10)
2 (1)
Leaf sheaths scabrous to hispidulous; perigynium beak (0.5–)0.6–1.3 mm.
(3)
+
Leaf sheaths glabrous; perigynium beak 0–0.5(–0.7) mm.
(4)
3 (2)
Leaf blades green, glabrous abaxially or sparsely hispidulous; perigynia (4.5–)4.6– 5.6(–6.2) × 1.9–2.2(–2.3) mm; longest terminal spikes 14–34(–42) mm.
288 Carex hitchcockiana
+
Leaf blades, especially of overwintered leaves, glaucescent, papillose abaxially; perigynia (3.7–)4–4.7(–5.1) × 1.5–1.7(–1.8) mm; longest terminal spikes (25–)30– 46 mm.
289 Carex brysonii
4 (2)
Leaf blades glaucous; pistillate scales awnless or awn not more than 1(–1.9) mm.
(5)
+
Leaf blades deep or light green; pistillate scales usually with awns 1.2–3.7(–6) mm, rarely awnless.
(7)
5 (4)
Perigynia (4–)4.2–5.5(–6) mm; achene bodies 0.37–0.5 times as long as perigynia; pistillate spikes (5–)5.7–8(–9.6) mm wide; achene beak straight to bent less than 30° from vertical.
298 Carex flaccosperma
+
Perigynia 3.2–4.5(–4.7) mm; achene bodies 0.5–0.63(–0.67) times as long as perigynia; pistillate spikes (3.3–)4.2–6.1(–7.3) mm wide; achene beak usually bent 30–90° from vertical.
(6)
6 (5)
Perigynia 3.2–4(–4.1) mm, (1.5–)1.8–2.3(–2.5) times as long as wide; longest pistillate spikes with (14–)19–45(–65) perigynia, ratio of spike length (in mm) to flower number = (0.56–)0.67–1.1(–1.3).
299 Carex glaucodea
+
Perigynia (3.7–)3.9–4.5(–4.7) mm, (1.9–)2.1–2.6(–2.8) times as long as wide; longest pistillate spikes with 11–25(–28) perigynia, ratio of spike length (in mm) to flower number = (0.97–)1–1.3(–1.6).
300 Carex pigra
7 (4)
Peduncles of lateral spikes scaberulous; perigynia (6–)18–37(–86) per spike, (2.5–)2.8–3.6(–4.3) mm, 17–25-veined.
301 Carex conoidea
+
Peduncles of lateral spikes glabrous or scaberulous; perigynia (3–)5–16(–19) per spike, (3.6–)4–5(–5.5) mm, 40–65-veined.
(8)
8 (7)
Widest leaf blades 2.6–4 mm wide; ligules of proximal bracts 0.4–1.8 (–3.6) mm; perigynium apex bent; achene beaks bent.
287 Carex impressinervia
+
Widest leaf blades (3.7–)4.2–8.2(–9.1) mm wide; ligules of proximal bracts (1.8–)4–10.7(–12.9) mm; perigynium apex straight; achene beaks straight.
(9)
9 (8)
Perigynia orbicular to suborbicular in cross section, 1.8–2.3(–2.6) times as long as wide, (1.8–)2–2.6 mm wide; achenes 1.7–2.1(–2.2) mm wide, stipes (0.2–)0.3–0.4(–0.5) mm.
302 Carex grisea
+
Perigynia obtusely triangular in cross section, (2.2–)2.5–3.1 times as long as wide, 1.5–1.9(–2.2) mm wide; achenes (1.3–)1.5–1.7(–1.8) mm wide, stipes (0.3–)0.4–0.6 mm.
304 Carex amphibola
10 (1)
Plants not cespitose; rhizome internodes 2–3.4 mm thick; terminal spikes (2.8–)3.3– 4.5(–5.4) mm wide, usually much exceeding distal bract.
286 Carex ouachitana
+
Plants cespitose; rhizome internodes 1.2–2.2 mm thick; terminal spikes (0.9–)1.3–2.9(–3.1) mm wide, usually much exceeded by distal bract.
(11)
11 (10)
Perigynia spirally imbricate; proximal bracts with sheaths loose; ligules (0.9–)2–12.9 mm.
(12)
+
Perigynia distichously imbricate; proximal bracts with sheaths tight; ligules 4–4.9(–9.6) mm (to 2.2 mm in C. bulbostylis).
(15)
12 (11)
Culm bases with purple-red to (3.4–)4–7.3 cm high; widest leaf blades 2.4–4 (–5.3) mm wide; achene stipes 0.6–0.8(–0.9) mm.
305 Carex godfreyi
+
Culm bases with purple-red to 0.3–2.4(–7.3) cm high; widest leaf blades 3.3–8(–9.1) mm wide; achene stipes (0.2–)0.3–0.6 mm.
(13)
13 (12)
Perigynia (1.8–)2–2.6 mm wide, orbicular to suborbicular in cross section; achene bodies (2.6–)3.1–3.5(–3.7) mm, stipes (0.2–)0.3–0.4(–0.5) mm, bodies 4.8–9.7(–12) times as long as stipes.
302 Carex grisea
+
Perigynia 1.5–2.3(–2.4) mm wide, obtusely triangular in cross section; achene bodies 1.8–2.3(–2.4) mm, stipes (0.3–)0.4–0.6 mm, bodies 3.2–5.8(–7.3) times as long as stipes.
(14)
14 (13)
Perigynia 4.2–5(–5.2) ´ 1.5–1.9(–2.2) mm, (2.2–)2.5–3.1 times as long as wide; achene bodies broadly obovoid to oblong-obovoid, widest at 0.55–0.67(–0.7) of body length.
304 Carex amphibola
+
Perigynia (3.6–)3.9–4.5(–4.7) × (1.7–)1.8–2.3(–2.4) mm, 1.8–2.3(–2.5) times as long as wide; achene bodies broadly obdeltoid-obovoid, widest at (0.6–)0.65–0.8 of body length.
303 Carex corrugata
15 (11)
Perigynia much inflated, orbicular or suborbicular in cross section, (1.8–)2– 2.5(–2.8) mm wide, 1.6–2(–2.1) times as long as wide.
293 Carex bulbostylis
+
Perigynia tightly enveloping achene or slightly inflated, obtusely triangular in cross section, 1.4–2.1(–2.3) mm wide, (1.7–)2.1–3.3 times as long as wide.
(16)
16 (15)
Plants loosely cespitose; longer rhizomes internodes 7–58 mm.
294 Carex paeninsulae
+
Plants densely cespitose; longer rhizomes internodes 0.2–6(–8) mm.
(17)
17 (16)
Proximal bracts with bases of blades white between veins (most easily seen on abaxial surface).
296 Carex acidicola
+
Proximal bracts with bases of blades uniformly green.
(18)
18 (17)
Perigynia (1.7–)2.1–2.6 times as long as wide, apex usually abruptly contracted; beak (0.3–)0.5–1.2 mm; longest lateral spike with 2–8(–10) perigyina (including undeveloped or aborted ones).
(19)
+
Perigynia (2.4–)2.5–3.3 times as long as wide, apex gradually tapering; beakless or beak 0.1–0.4 mm; longest lateral spike with (5–)7–14 perigynia (including undeveloped or aborted ones).
(21)
19 (18)
Proximalmost spike usually considerably beyond base of culm; longest vegetative shoot 0.88–1.4 times as long as longest culm; proximal bracts with sheath front convex and elongated (0.8–)1.1–4 mm beyond apex.
290 Carex oligocarpa
+
Proximalmost spike usually basal; longest vegetative shoot (0.8–)1.4–4.4 times as tall as culms; proximal bracts with sheath front apices concave or truncate.
(20)
20 (19)
Culm bases with purple-red extending 2.7–5.2(–5.6) cm; bodies of pistillate scales (2.2–)2.5–3 mm; achene beaks (0.1–)0.2–0.3 mm.
291 Carex calcifugens
+
Culm bases with purple-red extending (3.7–)4.7–11.7 cm; bodies of pistillate scales 1.5–2.1(–2.5) mm; achene beaks 0.05–0.1(–0.15) mm.
292 Carex edwardsiana
21 (18)
Perigynia (1.9–)2–2.3 times as long as achene bodies; achene beaks (0.3–)0.4–0.7 mm.
297 Carex planispicata
+
Perigynia 1.7–2 times as long as achene bodies; achene beaks 0.1–0.3(–0.4) mm.
(22)
22 (21)
Longest (per plant) peduncle of terminal spike (2.2–)5.1–8.9(–10.4) cm; 2 distalmost lateral spikes usually widely separate or occassionally overlapping; longest vegetative shoot 0.5–1.3 times as tall as culm.
295 Carex thornei
+
Longest (per plant) peduncle of terminal spike 0.9–3.2(–6.8) cm; 2 distalmost lateral spikes usually overlapping; longest vegetative shoot 1.4–2.2 times as tall as longest culm.
294 Carex paeninsulae
List of lower taxa
Other Databases
W3TROPICOS
IPNI
Other DatabasesAnd after GAME’s response to me, my response to GAME. If any of you have an allergy to fictional spice…well, don’t worry, none of that here!
Thank you for getting back to me on this, I appreciate your response.
Also, thanks for the apology. I have gone over what happened last night a few times in my head and while I did challenge the position being put to me, don’t think that I was unreasonable or rude in any way or at any point and didn’t intend for it to be a problem. If I needed both bits of paper and the manager had confirmed this, fine and dandy, but he didn’t. He immediately went on the attack and closed off any other route to a solution. I don’t even think I was pompous or arrogant, but perhaps those words are a case of “least said, soonest mended”.
I’m not sure why the manager didn’t explore other solutions to the problem with me, especially as tweets received from a GAME staff member indicate that there’s a simple enough one that could have been used (claim the £5 back within 28 days of release – seems easy enough).
I’m pleased that the matter is being looked into but would still, if possible, like to meet with the regional manager to discuss the issue in person. I understand that GAME will need to investigate and take any appropriate steps internally and that I don’t have any business hearing about those – fair enough – but I feel strongly that the treatment I received was unacceptable and would like the opportunity to get this across in person if at all possible. I don’t for a minute think that my emails will be ignored but there are times when emails do the job, and times when you want to see someone and talk to them face-to-face. This is a face-to-face sort of thing. don’t mean to sound ungrateful, I really don’t, but I don’t want extras or anything out of this beyond the apologies I mentioned on my initial letter. The apology from the manager is my sticking point – while I want the company to apologise (and I know, you already have, and thank you) when it comes down to it, *he* did wrong and he needs to make that right. Or at the very least acknowledge that he did wrong.
Anyway, thank you for your help with this. I look forward to your response and still hold the faint hope that some element of this might yet involve the Saville-related flourish I mentioned in my letter!
I know it probably makes me sound like a complete arse, but I want that apology. As the CEO of GAME has been tweeting me about this and assures me that “lessons will be learned”, might this not be a good point for him to lead by example and issue an apology from his office? And while he’s at it, maybe ask one of his managers to apologise for so mismanaging a situation with a reasonable customer? God knows, in the (depressingly many) times in my life when I have been a dick I have always managed to do the right thing, go back and say sorry even though it was pretty far down the list of things I would like to do.
So let’s see it. You want my faith in GAME restored? Let’s see them satisfy one of the first lessons my mum and dad taught me – you do wrong, you say sorry.
November 10th, 2011 at 5:33 am
Buddy, your complaint is valid – but GAME doesn’t owe you anything less than a fiver, and I think you’re being pretty cheeky to expect anything other than that. It isn’t coming out of the pocket of the neanderthal you had to deal with in the shop.
November 10th, 2011 at 8:51 am
 myself give to the Macmillan Cancer Support every month,and this comment made you look ridiculous. This is clearly something you added for the sole purpose of this blog.
I’m completely behind you in terms of seeking decent customer service, but I know that when two people are involved in a situation there are three sides of the story. The point of view from each person involved, and the truth, as a persons mind does not completely remember past occurrences, no matter how recent. Your brain fills in the gaps assuming them to be correct, or, completely ignores them. Unless of course, you have an eidetic memory (which I’m assuming you don’t as most people do not, I’m not making a snap judgement). I know your wife overheard the whole conversation, but sadly, another party willing to back you up from the start of the situation is an unreliable source of the truth.
I’m working on the assumption that you may have acted in a way that has spurred, what you believe to be, an unreasonable reaction to your query, but, caught up in the moment, you have failed to remember this (or even acknowledge it).
Sadly we will never know, as this is your account of what transpired within the store. Its not the point of view from the manager, and it will not be the total truth.
November 10th, 2011 at 9:24 am
Hi Mike – it wasn’t my intention to be cheeky, and I didn’t ask for anything at first beyond an apology and my £5 back. To be honest I only asked for the donation because GAME themselves were the ones who added in the element of giving something away to “restore my faith” in their brand. I don’t want a branded goodie bag, but if they feel they need to make a gesture I thought I might as well ask if they could make it a good one. Cheeky? Maybe, but in my defense it’s not as if I pulled it out of nowhere and suddenly started asking for more stuff. I’m just suggesting an alternative to their idea of giving me something.
Thanks for the response though – appreciated!
November 10th, 2011 at 9:32 am
Hello ItsAllSoFunny – you know, given what you go on to say, there’s an element of irony in that choice of name! :-) As a matter of fact I support Macmillan on a monthly basis myself. The suggestion wasn’t stuck in there “for the sole purpose of this blog” but rather as a result of me thinking that it was nice of GAME to try to restore my faith in their brand, but I really don’t want a goodie bag. Rather than say “thanks but no thanks” to the nice woman I dealt with yesterday (who really was nice to speak to) I thought to suggest an alternative. So you know, any time you would like to apologise for that one, you just go right on ahead and feel free.
As for my wife – you obviously don’t know her! She has, believe it or not, a moral sense of her own and if I was wrong, she’s call me on it. She has before and I don’t doubt for a second that she would again.
I didn’t do anything that deserved or called for the level of response that I got, and that’s the honest truth. I have already stated on the initial letter that I was slightly irritated at the initial knock-back, but that was strictly at the “Seriously? Can’t you just use this? It is a receipt of the sale, after all” sort of level. Had I booted over a display, started swearing and promptly defecated on the shop floor I might have understood a more extreme reaction but I didn’t. :-) As a matter of fact I *had the money out and in my hand* when the first “take it or leave it” sailed over the horizon into the conversation.
But that dig about the Macmillan thing? Seriously, crossed a line there.
November 10th, 2011 at 9:34 pm
Personally, I think the cancer research idea is beautiful.
I hope they make the donation!
November 10th, 2011 at 10:48 pm
They did indeed make the donation, Robbie – am posting latest updates now. As I’ve said I never approached this thinking “What can I get out of them?”, it was just when they suddenly stuck the offer of a goodie bag on the table I thought that it might be better to get something out of this that does a bit of good. Unlike a goodie bag which, despite having “good” right in there in the name, would have been landfill fodder within a month.
57 Comments | Add Yours:32.Accelerated Session, Summer II- Classes Begin
Monday, June 24, 2013
Classes begin for Accelerated session, Summer II, on
Monday, June 24th, 2013.
With questions and concerns as to what this means, please consult the
SGS Catalog
.
As always, please confirm that this applies to your program and/or course.
Show All Events for JuneSusan A Walsh MD
Associate Clinical Professor of Pediatrics (Emergency Medicine); Director of Yale Pediatric Advanced Life Support (PALS) Program
Departments & Organizations
Yale Medical Group
Pediatrics: Pediatric Emergency Medicine | ImPACTS
Research Interests
Pediatric resuscitation skills; medical education
Education
- B.S., Boston College, 1993
- M.D., New Jersey Medical School, 1999
Selected Publications
- Zonfrillo, M and Walsh, S “Management of Pediatric Penetrating Oropharyngeal Trauma”, Pediatric Emergency Care 24:3 March 2008
- Walsh, S and Weiss, R Dysuria and Suprapubic Mass in a 5 year old” Current Opinions in Pediatrics, October 2002.
- Bechtel, K and Walsh, S “Hematoma of Labia Major in An Adolescent Girl” Pediatric Emergency Care 23:6 June 2007, .
If I’m imagining this product accurately it sounds like it would be difficult to load the icing into the chambers. Like you’d almost need to pipe in each color. Can you even turn down the top of the bag to load from a spatula down near the tip?
I would think it would be easier to use two logs of wrapped up frosting in saran wrap inserted into a regular bag.Medicom Toys is set to release the newest addition to its Star Wars pack. The first pack features a mini Boba Fett and Jango Fett, while the second contains an Episode 2-era Yoda and Clone Trooper. If you're a collector make sure to grab these when they drop tomorrow.
Medicom Toy BE@RBRICK Star Wars PackNot Within Top #500
Trap Boy Trap Girl
Bloodraw
Send "Trap Boy Trap Girl" Ringtone to Your Cell (ad)
Visit Artist's Official Website
Popular ringtone start times for this song... (mouse over to see times)
Recent ringtone creations using this song...
Recent app creations...
Lyrics For "Trap Boy Trap Girl"
We're sorry, but we don't have lyrics available for this song. Please check back later.VIEWS: 1 PAGES: 21 CATEGORY: Semiconductors POSTED ON: 4/14/2012 Public Domain
The present invention relates to a memory device, and more particularly to a nonvolatile memory device.BACKGROUND ART In modern society, many electronic appliances are used and various data is generated and employed, requiring a memory device to store the data. Various memory devices produced and used today each has different advantages and disadvantages, andis selected depending on the data to be stored and used. For example, a volatile memory that loses its memory content when the power is turned off includes a DRAM and an SRAM. The volatile memory has limited applications because of the volatility; however, it is used as a main memory device or a cashmemory of a computer taking advantage of a short access time. As each memory cell has a small size, a large-capacity DRAM can be produced easily, though it is controlled in a complex manner and consumes much power. Meanwhile, an SRAM includes a memorycell constituted by a CMOS and is easily manufactured and controlled, though a large-capacity SRAM is produced with difficulty since one memory cell needs six transistors. A nonvolatile memory that holds its memory content even after the power is turned off includes: a rewritable memory where data can be rewritten many times; a write-once memory where data can be written by a user only once; and a mask ROM wheredata content is determined in the manufacture of the memory and cannot be rewritten thereafter. As the rewritable memory, there are an EPROM, a flash memory, a ferroelectric memory, and the like. The EPROM allows an easy writing of data and unit costper bit is relatively low, though dedicated program device and eraser for writing and erasing are required. The flash memory and the ferroelectric memory allow rewriting on a substrate used, have a short access time, and consume low power, thoughmanufacturing steps of a floating gate and a ferroelectric layer are required to increase unit cost per bit. Each memory cell of a write-once memory is constituted by a
Pages to are hidden for
"Memory Device And Manufacturing Method Of The Same - Patent 8114719"Please download to view full documentGee:
Gee's Bend Community Regeneration by Design Project IntroductIon Gee's Bend Design Proposals Gee's Bend is a small community, of about 700 residents, located on a peninsula in a bend of the Alabama river in the southwest region of Alabama. though isolated geographically, it is a place of extraordinary social and cultural history that began with farming the rich soil of the Black Belt region. In the early 1930's the red cross and us government's Farm security Administration focused their efforts and pilot projects on Gee's Bend, providing food, small loans for farming equipment, land, and "roosevelt" homes. Martin Luther King jr. encouraged the community to support civil rights, "I came over here to Gee's Bend to tell you, You are somebody." the recent nation wide exhibition of 70 Gee's Bend quilts launched in 2002 has transformed the art world and according to new York times art critic Michael Kimmelman, "turn out to be some of the most miraculous works of modern art America has produced." the remarkable quilt making tradition in Gee's Bend, Alabama has recently made it a destination point for visitors from around the world who want to learn quilting techniques. At the present time there are no accommodations or provisions available for visitors, there is limited space to conduct quilting workshops in the existing Quilting collective facility and because there is no significant industry the community suffers from economic hardship. this is an opportunity to give back to a community that has changed the world view of Alabama, to leverage the human, cultural, historic and natural assets of Gee's Bend while also prioritizing the improvement of the existing social and economic conditions. third Year architecture students at Auburn university school of Architecture, Planning and Landscape Architecture in a studio class directed by Professor sheri schumacher completed the design proposals presented in this publication. the projects investigate innovative and sustainable design initiatives and activities that aim to improve the social, economic and cultural conditions of the under served Gee's Bend, Alabama community. research focused on the investigation of how important human, cultural, historic and natural heritage in rural Gee's Bend can be linked to community based educational travel and service learning. the Architectural investigations provide design solutions for local projects including a Gee's Bend Learning center for the study of quilting, Visitor Housing and community regeneration opportunities located in the existing vacant Boykin school building and the Gee's Bend Park. the design proposals aim to communicate the compelling cultural and social history of the community for future educational travel groups visiting Gee's Bend, encourage economic development and increase the benefits of local assets in Gee's Bend, Alabama. 2 Gee's Bend contents LeArnInG center, VIsItor HousInG & coMMunItY reGenerAtIon Group 1: quilt exhibition & education 5 10 15 samuel Maddox Yitao Wang candace duffelle Quilt Workshop and exhibition tower, Pavilion and Learning center reclaimed Visitor Housing Group 2: agriculture & culinary arts 21 26 31 chloe schultz Henry Loose Abby Waldo center for culinary education Agricultural and community center center for textile education and Artists in residence Group 3: recreation & marketplace 37 42 47 justin collier Iain shriver samantha o'Leary Visitor Housing and river Meeting House Marketplace recreation and Bamboo Workshop Group 4: cultural arts, education & commerce 53 58 63 68 Blaine Lindsey Andrew Kern Whitney johnson ryan Zimmerman WorKshop cultural Arts center community rebuild Initiative Vocational school coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 3 GrouP 1 ion n bit tio hi ex ilt ca qu du e & entrance to quilt exhibition 4 QuILt exHIBItIon & educAtIon sAMueL MAddox the Alabama art network the quilts of Gee's Bend around the United States Gee's Bend Gee's Bend/Boykin area Gee's Bend caught the eye of the international art community in the late 1990's and 2000's with its one of a kind collection of quilts. The the quilts and their creators toured the United States going from museum to museum sharing the heritage and history of the small Alabama town. The state of Alabama itself is speckled with museums and art hubs stretching from the Gulf almost to Tennessee, but there is a large gap in the art network of the state, and ironically in the center of that gap lies Gee's Bend. With the creation of a quilting workshop and exhibition space on the site of the old Boykin school, the gap can finally be bridged and much desired tourism can begin, bringing with it economic growth and development for Gee's Bend and the surrounding area. site plan nts coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 5 sAMueL MAddox 10 1 2 4 Legend: 1) quilt exhibition space 2) quilting supply store/gift shop 3) caf�/general store 4) prep kitchen/food storage 5) quilt making workshop/gathering space 6) research and reading space 7) restrooms 8) outdoor workshop space 9) outdoor caf� space 10) exhibition courtyard 11) storage 3 8 9 11 5 6 7 8 oor plan nts 6 QuILt exHIBItIon & educAtIon south wing section nts west wing section nts north wing section nts coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 7 sAMueL MAddox patterning the random spatial diagram nts workshop quilt exhibition research and education retail solar heat gain diagram The glazing system allows controlled sunlight to enter and heat the building in the winter months. In the summer, the system protects the building from solar heat gain, and operable windows permit cooling breezes from the Alabama River to cool the workshop. 8 QuILt exHIBItIon & educAtIon quilting workshop entrance to quilt exhibition coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 9 YItAo WAnG Old Boykin School Post Office New Ferry Terminal The View from Ferry Gee's Bend Residence Map Gee's Bend Ferry Future Cattsh Restaurant Huntsville Museum of Art Original Quit Loretta Pettway, born 1942. "Logcabin" -- single-block "Courthouse Steps" variation (local name: "Bricklayer"), ca. 1970. The oor plan of the old Boykin school is a Ushape, which offers a courtyard; however, the shape does not have a clear entry. W N Fayette Art Museum Birmingham Museum of Art 2D Model The object is symmetrical and centered. By rotating and overlapping the U-shape, the three sections of the original structure are connected, the circulation is more uent with a primary entry, and the courtyard is more enclosed, connecting outdoor space to indoor space Jule Collins Smith Museum Mongtgomery Museum of Fine Art Gee's Bend Tower, Pavilion and Learning Center S 3D Model The object has a shape approximating that of a rectangular space which is enclosed by repetitive plywood. Extending the structure across the road creates a pavilion for various outdoor activities, such as market, workshop, community meeting, and a observation tower to be an icon for Gee's Bend that is visible from the ferry and offers a great opportunity for tourists to have a view of nature. Moblie Museum of Art Major Alabama Art Museum Distribution Inspiration Thought Process Study Model E 10 QuILt exHIBItIon & educAtIon coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 11 YItAo WAnG View to the entry lobby and the gallery View to the workshop 12 QuILt exHIBItIon & educAtIon Temporary Gallery Outdoor Pavilion Entry Lobby Main Gallery Observation Tower Workshop Shop Storage Cafe Plan 1/8"=1'-0" coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 13 YItAo WAnG 14 QuILt exHIBItIon & educAtIon cAndAce duFFeLLe sustainable architecture is exhibited and provides economic stimulation. The Objective: create a collective environment in which vernacular and The Research: the dog trot and the double dog trot of the south as well as prefabricated and modular housing Location: Austin, TX Ma Modular OMD- Jennifer Siegal Location: Venice, California Flatpak House Location: Wisconsin kitHaus location: Los Angeles Pinnacle Custom Builders location: Atlanta, GA coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 15 cAndAce duFFeLLe The Analysis: after completing research on the vernacular architecture of the south and sustainable architecture I concluded it would be best to combine the best of all in order to acheive the best result in Gee's Bend $500 $400 Rainwater Collection $300 Geothermal Heat Pump Welds $200 Photovoltaics Bolts $100 Insulation Crane $0 HVAC Foundation Price Range of Housing Options by Square Foot Systems Construction Needs Area Map with possible sites and relation to the Quilter's Collective 16 QuILt exHIBItIon & educAtIon The Proposal: combine the ease and convenience of a modular housing system with sustainable systems and passive systems that take advantage of the area in which they will be used Kit Haus Gee's Bend Material Mapping In order to make completely sustainable housing all materials are within 200 miles of Gee's Bend, with the exception of the aluminum MHS structural system. Reclaimed Metal- [aluminum & copper] CMC Recycling- Alexander City & Birmingham 95 miles & 122 miles Southeastern Salvage- Mobile 145 miles Structuraly Insulated Panels Styro-Tek - Birmingham 122 miles Gee's Bend Tin Ceiling Tiles Alabama Ceiling Tiles- Birmingham & Mobile 122 miles & 145 miles Driving Force & Motivation Gee's Bend Community Members- Gee's Bend O Miles Murphy Beds Wall Beds of Alabama- Collinsville 200 Miles Plumbing Home Depot Overstock Dept.- Montgomery 94 Miles Recycled Carpet Tiles Flor Carpet - LaGrange 189 Miles Rainwater Cistern Darco Company- Birmingham 122 miles Material Panels - Reclaimed Copper, Reclaimed Wood, Reclaimed Tin Ceiling Tiles and Recycled Carpet Tiles coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 17 cAndAce duFFeLLe Floor Plan mer Sum W in te r Section showing relation to other unit and sun angles 18 QuILt exHIBItIon & educAtIon Inward Perspective Outward Perspective Section Elevation coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 19 GrouP 2 re ts ltu ar icu ry gr ina a ul c & 20 AGrIcuLture & cuLInArY Arts cHLoe scHuLtZ a viable space for the community to congregate, celebrate tradition, and educate visitors about cooking customs Cooking Dining Learning Gee's Bend, Alabama has been greatly recognized for the remarkable quilt making traditions in the region; however, the need for visitor accommodations and amenities is key in order to keep visitors wanting to return and learn about the history of the Blackbelt Region. The design proposal for Gee's Bend will focus on providing community wealth through improving social, economic, and cultural issues in the area. The Gee's Bend Center for Culinary Education is aimed to create a viable space where the community and visitors can congregate, dine, and educate visitors about cooking customs, sustainability, and organic gardening. The site for the proposal is located at the existing vacant Boykin School building. There are three wings to the school building that will contain a kitchen, dining/educational area, and a market. In addition, there is a central courtyard containing organic gardens which produce vegetables, fruits, and plants that can be used both in the kitchen as well as for sell in the market. coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 21 cHLoe scHuLtZ 2 3 A 2 4 B original concept sketch MARKET_economy KITCHEN_core DINING_education create a focus on the products in order to create profit for the community creates focus and connection between market and dining opens up to exterior to connect to gardens and nature 1 5 FALL/WINTER SUMMER SPRING 6 1. Market 2. Service 3. Kitchen/Preparation 4. Dining 5. Edcuational Classroom 6. Organic Gardens division of spaces floor plan 22 AGrIcuLture & cuLInArY Arts sectionA_through kitchen sectionB_through gardens coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 23 cHLoe scHuLtZ dining perspective market perspective classroom perspective 24 AGrIcuLture & cuLInArY Arts Gee's Bend Center for Culinary Education coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 25 HenrY Loose Gee's Bend Agricultural and Community Center Creating a sustainable economy in Gee's Bend by providing a showcase of agricultural possibilities Henry Loose 26 AGrIcuLture & cuLInArY Arts 270' Gee's Bend Agricultural and Community Center & Immediate Site 260' Corn has been a staple of the Gee's Bend diet for generations. An expansion of this crop would greatly increase the area's ability to sustain itself. 290' Oxidized Copper will cover the portion of tool storage containing smaller farming equipment. 235' Corten will cover the portion of tool storage containing larger farming equipment such as a tractor. Soybeans provide a variety of potential food products and can be grown in the Alabama region. They can provide another staple crop for Gee's Bend sustainability. Wheat and other grains are an important part of the American diet. The ability to grow and process this product would go a long way towards providing for a sustainable Gee's Bend. Chickens are a good source of protien for both their eggs and their meat. They are relatively easy to care for and can be raised in the Gee's Bend area. NTS Blueberry bushes will form the core of a maze next to the baseball eld and will provide a tasty post-game snack. Blackberries are a hardy crop that can survive in very poor conditions. They need very little maintinence, except to make sure they do not grow beyond the area they are designated to grow. They make a good choice as a starter cash crop. Raspberries are not as easy to upkeep as blackberries and would make a good expansion crop once the blackberries are fully integrated into the economy. Strawberries are more di cult to grow than blackberries and raspberries. They are more susceptable to changes in temperature than the other two, and would be a likely candidate for being grown in the greenhouse. Glass will be used on the greenhouse roof and sides to let in necessary light and heat. Lightweight steel members will be used to frame the greenhouse roof and sides. CMU blocks will be needed to replace old or worn down pieces and for new walls to account for expansion of spaces. The north wing of the Center will be a community gathering space with an open oor plan and su cient storage for multiple organizations. The immediate site is composed of the Agricultural Center, the greenhouses, communal storage, the roosevelt house, the demonstration garden, the blueberry maze, and the sustainable plot of land. Also featured, but not a major part of the design is the baseball eld, which will be renovated. coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 27 HenrY Loose Keeping the crops healthy is an important part of farming. Part of keeping the crops healthy is proper ventilation. In order to ventilate the crops in the greenhouses, alternating roof sections are attached to hinges, and are tied back by wire running from the edge of the section down into the greenhouse where it can be pulled on and tied back as needed. The process could be motorized, but it is more cost e ective and e cient to simply be able to hand operate the system (if one of the motors were to break down, the operability of an entire wing's vents would be lost). Harvest Strawberries June 1st Mid June July 1st Mid June August 1st Mid August September 1st Raspberries The growing and harvesting seasons will have a large impact on when tourists visit Gee's Bend. While planting is done in the spring, the rst of the crops begin ripening in late May to early June. The crops have a naturally staggered growth cycle, so new groups of tourists should visit as di erent foods become available. Strawberries are the rst crop that is ready for harvest, followed closely by Raspberries and Blueberries. Blackberries arrive late in the harvest season, but are the last to go. Blueberries Blackberries NTS GREENHOUSE SECTION A The south wing of the Center will be transformed into a greenhouse. This will be achieved by removing the roof and south wall and replacing them with the greenhouse structure. Part of the wing will serve as a pump house. GREENHOUSE SECTION B The greenhouses will be constructed of light frame steel members and glass and will house a variety of plants. They will allow for the year round production of food and serve as key components in educational venues. 1/8":1' 28 AGrIcuLture & cuLInArY Arts coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 29 HenrY Loose A B 30 AGrIcuLture & cuLInArY Arts ABBY WALdo Center for Textile Education and Artists in Residence Gee's Bend Alabama natural capital sustainability built capital renovation social and individual capital intelectual capital garden nancial capital education coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 31 ABBY WALdo roosevelt home type 1 front center porch central plan no back porch chimney in center major rooms stem o of living room roosevelt home type 2 side wrap around porch central hall of circulation chimeny and main public places o center Gee's Bend Artists in Residence The main goal of this proposal is to bring education and economic stimulation to the area through long stay studio spaces for traveling and local artist. These plans demonstrate typical artists in residence homes that have gone through a reconstruction to improve insulation, lighting, and studio spaces while incorporating a rain collection system. This system supports the garden and natural dye studio through the growth of natural owers, barks, and leaves. These spaces are to be utilized by both tourist and community members alike to hold workshops and sell crafts and re ect the authentic nature of the Gee's Bend area by conserving the original aethetics of these homes. roosevelt home type 4 roosevelt home type 3 front center porch central entry ramp up to porch no back porch chimney is not in center front center small porch central plan side back porch chimney in center major circulation is center hallway roosevelt home type 5 side porch no back porch chimney not on center addition on left 32 AGrIcuLture & cuLInArY Arts typical section through arists in ressident home (studio space) new construction- wood roof plane with clerestory windows at opitmal orientation old construction- existing wood exterior remains surrounding garden- supports natural ower, bark, and plant dyes for texile education artists residence and studio natural dye studio gardens for natural dye material future expansion for shops and classroom collection bins- water hog located underneath the houses and avaliable for immediate dispensing onto the gardens rain collection system- ow of rain water onto roof plane exterior 1. original wall 2. long term renovation- blue jean insulation installed 1. interior 2. 3. 4. 3. short term renovation- spray on insulation installed (icynene) 4. nished product- original interior veneer replaced or new wall attached coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 33 ABBY WALdo new construction- perspective of typical studio into garden old construction- perspetive of typical home used for dying studio section through natural dye studio (boykin school) 34 AGrIcuLture & cuLInArY Arts 2 1 perspective 1- approach to entrance plan of natural dye studio (boykin school) Center for Textile Education This portion of the proposal serves as the main entry point for tourist, artists, and community memebers and becomes a circulation point from the homes to the natural dye studio. One portion of the Boykin School is used to create a natural dye studio that is supported by the surrounding gardens of artists homes. This studio can be utilized by all visiting or local groups that need large gathering or workshop space. The remaining area of the school is left for future expansion for gift and work shops as needed by the community. perspective 2- main entrance with view to arists residence coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 35 GrouP 3 on ce ati re ec r la tp ke ar m & 36 recreAtIon & MArKetPLAce justIn coLLIer I believe that the community of Gee's Bend represents a unique cultural atmosphere in the State of Alabama, and that the visitor housing experience should be just as unique. initial sketches coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 37 justIn coLLIer birmingham Alabama Scenic River Trail existing proposed Addition prattville Montgomery gee's bend Camden state context RV PArking Boykin School + Playground & Pavilion Public REstrooms Corner market Gee's Bend Park visitor housing New Ferry Terminal Alabama Scenic River Trail Campgrounds & Alabama Scenic River Trail Waypoint Community context The proposed visitor housing would be placed within the existing Gee's Bend Park, West of the New Ferry Terminal, and South of the Boykin School. This development would contain a community meeting house, visitor housing units, bath house, rv parking, campsites, and a waypoint for the Alabama Scenic River Trail. Alabama Scenic River Trail + visitor housing & community venue bath house community venue site context 38 recreAtIon & MArKetPLAce Community visitors Paddlers Alabama Scenic River Trail 3 2 1 4 South Elevation & Floor PLan coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 39 justIn coLLIer During the tourist off-season, the "super shed" would serve as flexible community venue. This space would provide shelter for a number of community events such as: quilting expos, farmer's markets, and freshwater fishing. This space could also accommodate annual events for paddlers along the Alabama Scenic River Trail. Perspectives A Flexible Community Venue 40 recreAtIon & MArKetPLAce Perspectives coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 41 IAIn sHrIVer Selma Petway Place Thomaston Alberta FQB Boykin School Ferry Terminal Camden 42 recreAtIon & MArKetPLAce The Region Gee's Bend is located in Wilcox County, Alabama. It gains its name from the distictive bend in the Alabama River that creates the peninsula where the town lies. Gee's Bend has gained national fame in recent years from exhibitions of their quilts. The architecture of Gee's Bend and the surrounding area contains a mix of concrete block, brick, and wood siding buildings that form loose "downtown" areas for community gathering and visitor attractions. coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 43 IAIn sHrIVer The Market plan is designed to allow for an outdoor deck that is open to the community as a whole. A nature trail that is connected to the deck runs out to the water's edge at a nearby inlet of the Alabama River and also connects to the newly constructed ferry terminal in the other direction. Streetside parking would help to create a street presence close to the ferry landing. Plan 44 recreAtIon & MArKetPLAce Section and East Elevation The two buildings are situated so that each has a covered porch that faces the other and allows for a deck that can be used in all weather. The adjoining general store has a set of windows that can be opened to provide more access to the deck area so that a community farmers' market could utilize the entire space. The restaurant contains the same type of windows so that the eating space can be expanded onto its own porch and allow for cross ventilation. coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 45 IAIn sHrIVer Southern Elevation 46 recreAtIon & MArKetPLAce sAMAntHA o'LeArY coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 47 sAMAntHA o'LeArY Building a Custom Bamboo Skin-on-frame Canoe Heat treat the bamboo Bend bamboo Make the gunnels and t the thwarts Drill holes for the ribs Cut stem pieces for the ends of the canoe Make the ribs and t them into the drilled holes Make the longitudinals Screw the longitudinals to the stems Bind everything together Place oorboards Start making seat with ratchet straps and wood or bamboo Finished seat Attach seats to dowel pegs on edge battens. Tie battens to 6 ribs Choose canvas and place on upside down frame Start tacking the canvas to the gunnels Paint canvas if needed. Fit wooden beading along edge Finished Canoe Building a Custom Bamboo Fly Fishing Rod Heat treat the bamboo Dry split the canoe poles Split the pole into 6 equal sections Flatten and sand any bumps from nodes Plane strips to 60 degrees Check the accuracy and bind the 6 pieces together Bake the rough planks for 7 minutes Taper the strips Bind the strips and glue together Once the glue has dried, take o the string Sand the poles and spread varnish on them. Hang dry for 8 hours Determine where to cut the sections for the rod Assemble the tip top, female ferrule, male ferrule, and butt end Place 14 cork rings about 4 inches from bottom for the grip Mount a drill to a table to turn the pole while sanding Sand the cork Place guides on pole. Wrap guides in place with silk and add varnish Building a Custom Bamboo Bike Gather bike parts. Salvaged or bought Heat treat the bamboo Make a frame to hold the bike while working on it Sand down the frame of the bike Use a diagram to determine the lengths to cut the bamboo Cut the seatstay, top tube, and seat tube. Miter joints Tack everything together with epoxy. Wrap joints with hemp twine Once epoxy is dried, sand to make smooth joints Varnish bamboo to give it a shine Insert metal piece into seat post Attach handlebars, seat, wheels, and chain The design proposal is to create an incubator to help the community of Gee's Bend grow through shared resourcesand a combined capital. This proposal turns the existing Boykin School into a Recreation and Bamboo Workshop. Gee's Bend o ers access to the Alabama River, scenic bike trails, soil condusive for growing bamboo, and a community baseball eld. The Bamboo Workshop allows visitors and community members the opportunity to work hands on and build their own bamboo skin-on-frame canoes, y shing rods, and bikes. By designing a recreational center, this proposal brings attention to Gee's bend's natural beauty and scenic surroundings. 48 recreAtIon & MArKetPLAce Plans 13 Gee's Bend Circulation Diagram 9 10 11 Boat Pick up/Drop o Canoe Paddle Route 12 Site Map Circulation Diagram C 7 8 6 4 Bike Trail Start/Finish Boat Pick up/Drop o Bike Trail to Creek Bus Trail to Creek 5 Plans Circulation Diagram 2 3 B 1 A 1 - Entrance 2 - Kitchen 3 - Rentals 4 - Indoor Canoe Workshop 5 - Outdoor Workshops 6 - Indoor Bike/Fishing Rod Workshop 7 - Splitting/Cutting Station 8 - Planing Station 9 - Bamboo Prep. Station/Rental Cleaning Station 10 - Heat Treating 11 - Storage 12 - Restrooms 13 - Bamboo Gardens Bike Rentals Canoe Rentals Bamboo Building Entrance and Concessions coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 49 sAMAntHA o'LeArY Transverse Section Lace Fence Site Section 50 recreAtIon & MArKetPLAce Front Elevation A Entrance Perspective B Bike/ Fly Fishing Pole Indoor Workshop Perspective C Outdoor Workshop Perspective coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 51 GrouP 4 s, rt la ra tu ul c on ati ce uc ed er mm co & 52 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce BLAIne LIndseY the cycle Gee's Bend has a rich culture of making that includes, but is not limited to the quilts that have brought the community some recognition. Over the community's extended history, necessity has driven the production of goods in the home, for the home. This culture of making is attractive and inspiring, but the isolation of Gee's Bend has prevented the exposure that could turn this culture into economic gain. To gain this exposure, this proposal suggests that goods be collected under a consignment brand and shipped out of the community and into urban areas that can supply the foot tra c to accumulate interest. These exported goods would raise the awareness about the community and culture of Gee's Bend, which would attract visitors desiring to see the community and idividuals producing these goods. The proposal includes a facility that would house space for visitors to purchase goods, meet the producer, and potentially participate in the craft in workshops. of goods and people into and out of the community goods G E E ' S B E N D SHIPPING MARKET people the process from an individual's product to an individual's profit the product the profit the person the exposure the brand Gee's Bend goods condimentum. Allquam erat volutpat. Sed quis velit. Nulla facilsi. Nulla libero. Vivamus pharetra posuere sapien. Nam consectectuer. Sed aliquam, nunc eget eulsmond ullamcorper, lectus nunc. Gee's Bend goods the distribution coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 53 BLAIne LIndseY 1. 2. 01 4. 1. 3. 3. 1. Workshop 2. Catering Kitchen 3. Restroom 4. Pavilion 5. Market 6. Shipping 7. Retail 8. Production A 5. B 03 02 7. 7. 7. 7. 3. 3. 6. 8. 8. 8. 8. Plan 1/16"= 1' 54 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce Section A: through seasonal market Scale: 1/4" = 1' Section B: seasonal market nts Section B: through retail Scale: 1/4" = 1' Section A: retail and production nts coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 55 BLAIne LIndseY Plan 1/16"= 1' 02 - retail perspective 1/16"= 1' 56 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce 03 - market perspective 01 - workshop perspective coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 57 AndreW Kern Plan 58 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce 5'-4 1 " 16 5 22'-216" 4' Sugar Cane Mill Straining Barrels Evaporator Hydrometer Settling Cans Canning Storage Sugar Cane Process Section Process Sections Sewing Horses Storage Sewing Area and Primary Workshop Cooking Workshop Quilting Process Section coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 59 AndreW Kern Northeast Perspective Elevation and Perspective Front Elevation 60 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce Kitchen Perspective Perspectives Gallery Perspective Entry Perspective coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 61 AndreW Kern Wind Diagram Water Diagram Reuse Diagrams Solar Diagram 62 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce WHItneY joHnson Pettway Store ALBERTA GASTONBURG 5 Co Hwy 4 il Ch atc Je erso nD avi sH y wa igh Creek REHOBOTH R Co d 29 he e Co Hw y4 PRAIRIE Freedom Quilting Bee Chilatchee Park William `Bill' Dannelly Reservoir MILLER'S FERRY 162 Miller's Ferry Lock and Dam 28 (GEE'S BEND) Co Rd 29 BOYKIN Gee's Bend Quilter's Collective Ala ba ma Riv er Gee's Bend Park Roland Cooper State Park 221 LEGEND City Business Site Route Marker Primary Highway Other Principal Roads Camden-Boykin Ferry Route Quilt Mural Trail Miller's Ferry Dam Map 2 Boundary mde n By pa ss Ell is La nd in Camd g Rd 28 en By pass CAMDEN Cla ibo rn . e St 41 Ca Al Co Rd 29 ab am aR Co Rd 29 ive 28 r 164 Clifton St. Black Belt Treasures Cla ib orn t. eS 41 VISITING STUDENTS / ORGANIZATIONS MOVEMENT 265 St. Water MATERIAL MOVEMENT coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 63 WHItneY joHnson 64 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 65 WHItneY joHnson 66 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 67 rYAn ZIMMerMAn Location Map 92.8 mi 45.4 mi In the last few years there has been an initiative to revitalize and explore the rural communities in America and with much debate Boykin, AL also, known as Gee's Bend, is one of the selected locations for revitalization. "Gee's Bend is a small community, of about 700 residents, located on a peninsula in a band of the Alabama River in the southwest region of Alabama. Though isolated geographically, it is a place of extraordinary social and cultural history that began with farming the rich soil of the Black Belt region. This project addresses innovative and sustainable design initiatives and activities that aim to improve the social, economic, and cultural conditions of the underserved Gee's Bend, AL community. Research will focus on the investigation of how important human, cultural, historic and natural heritage in the rural area can be linked to educational travel and service learning." 44.6 mi Tuscaloosa 46.9 mi Opelika Selma 159 mi Camden 65.6 mi Monroeville 40 mi 45 mi Gee's Bend Vocational School Surrounding Vocational and Technical Schools N 68 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce Sections Floor Plan 2 3 S-1 P- 3 1 4 5 P-2 S-2 S - 3 section SC: NTS 13 6 Key 12 P- 4 10 P- 1 4 S - 2 section SC: NTS 11 S-3 8 7 9 1 | Gallery/Lobby 2 | Digital Media Lab 3 | Offices 4 | Bathroom 5 | Quilting Studio/Textile Research 6 | Loading/Unloading Zone 7 | Automotive Shop 8 | Outdoor Workspace 9 | Classroom 10 | Metal/Wielding Shop 11 | Outdoor Workspace 12 | Woodshop 13 | Courtyard S - 1 section SC: NTS SC: NTS Elevations left elevation SC: NTS right elevation SC: NTS back elevation SC: NTS front elevation SC: NTS coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 69 rYAn ZIMMerMAn Diagrams original building new additions space/educational department uses | Textile (quilting, research + development) | Automotive + Basic Mechanics | Metal (wielding, basic metal working, research) | Wood | Public | Classroom + Office circulation courtyard usage 70 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce projects including a Gee's Bend Learning Center located in the existing Boykin School building. In response to the location and needs of this rural town, we have been asked to design and implement a strategy that will revitalize and stimulate the economy of Gee's Bend (Boykin), AL. My proposed solution to the problem is to establish a vocational school in the same location as the existing abandoned Boykin School. My goal was to create a design that renovates the existing structure while upgrading and expanding the building's main features. For budget's sake I wanted to keep as much of the existing building as possible, use passive design techniques to reduce much of the heating and cooling loads, provide flexible spaces that would not create wasted energy consumption when out of use, and use the proper materials to increase building efficiency and signify new and old spaces. Architectural investigations will include providing design solutions for local materials building performance warm air cool air coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 71 rYAn ZIMMerMAn P - 1 south wing P - 2 courtyard P - 3 digital media lab Gee's Bend Vocational School Reaching out into the community and creating a path for success for the future of Alabama's blackbelt region Perspectives P - 4 Auto shop 72 cuLturAL Arts, educAtIon & coMMerce Gee's Bend Community Regeneration by Design Sheri Schumacher, Studio Director and Associate Professor School of Architecture, PlAnning And lAndScAPe Architecture dudley commons Auburn, AL 36849-5316 Auburn University is an equal opportunity educational institution/employer. coMMunItY reGenerAtIon BY desIGn 73 Gee's Bend Center for Culinary EducationEvery time I launch a new X session, this line appears in my .xsession-errors file:
"(xfdesktop:2234): WARNING **: Thumbnailer failed calling GetFlavors"
I don't have any thumbnailers installed, and I have no idea what GetFlavors is. A web search brings no useable information. Can anyone here very kindly point me in the right direction, please? I should add that there is no visible sign of trouble apart from this line in the file. Many thanks.Bloomberg News
The top elected official in Ramapo, N.Y., Town Supervisor Christopher St. Lawrence, wanted a minor-league baseball team and a new stadium to house it. The park would cost about $20 million and taxpayers wouldn't have to cover it, he and paid consultants predicted three years ago.
Contact information ( * required )
Instead, taxpayers are responsible for as much as $60 million in stadium expenses, according to state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli. Ramapo's finances are the subject of a Federal Bureau of Investigation probe that became public after agents descended on the town hall about 38 miles northwest of New York City in May. DiNapoli says the town, which backed a $25 million tax-exempt bond issue in 2011 for the venue, is the state's most fiscally stressed.
."
From 1993 to 2003, at least 86 minor-league baseball stadiums collectively costing almost $1.5 billion opened in the U.S. and Canada with at least partial public funding, according to public documents and local news reports. It was the biggest boom in the more than 100-year history of minor-league baseball, almost 60 percent more than the number that opened in the 1930s, when President Franklin D. Roosevelt used ballpark construction to create jobs during the Great Depression.
Almost $1.3 billion of the funding for the construction was backed by taxpayers, according to the documents and reports. The average price of the stadiums almost doubled to $21.5 million in the last six years of the boom, from $12 million in the first five years.
The price rose as localities dueled for teams that follow the profits generated by new stadiums, said Andrew Zimbalist, an economics professor at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., who studies stadium financing. To get taxpayer support, politicians too often make promises that don't come to fruition, leaving localities to cover debt payments and maintenance costs that sap funds that could be spent on parks, schools, or police, he said.
"If taxpayers are supporting a stadium because they believe it'll help their city socially and culturally, then fine," Zimbalist said. "If they're doing it because they've been sold a bill of goods that it'll be a boost to the economy, then no, it's not a good expenditure of funds."
Provident Bank Park opened in Ramapo, a municipality of 127,000 people, in 2011. It included amenities that became common during minor league stadium construction from 1993 to 2003, such as club suites, wider seats and field-side taverns to replicate the major-league experience.
Moody's Investors Service cut Ramapo's rating two steps to A1, the fifth-highest level, in 2012, citing "considerable exposure" to the debt used to fund the stadium and two years of deficits. In October, Moody's confirmed the grade and assigned a negative outlook.
The town's finances have deteriorated because of spending on stadium costs, putting taxpayers on the hook, said Michael Castelluccio, editor of Preserve Ramapo, a website that's become the public face of opposition to the stadium and St. Lawrence.
St. Lawrence said by email that Ramapo has cooperated with the FBI and hasn't received any information on the investigation's status. The town has budgeted $200,000 for its share of stadium maintenance for 2014, and it hasn't had to pay for debt service, he said.
"It was important to me to bring a first-rate stadium facility to my community to promote athletics and recreation, while simultaneously seeking economic development and safe, affordable, family entertainment," St. Lawrence said.
Christos Sinos, an FBI spokesman in New York, declined to comment on the investigation.
Of the 86 stadiums built from 1993 to 2003, at least 26 used taxpayer funding to pay for debt service and maintenance when elected officials said they wouldn't, failed to meet economic-development projections or lost the teams that said they would play there, the documents and news reports show.
The 26 collectively cost $490 million, with 90 percent of that backed by taxpayers.
The team playing in the $12 million Bernie Robbins Stadium in Atlantic City, N.J., which opened in 1998, folded in 2009. Wilbur Banks, a spokesman for Atlantic City Mayor Lorenzo Langford, said now renamed Surf Stadium has hosted youth baseball tournaments and concerts since the team left.
In 2004, Ohio declared a fiscal crisis in Eastlake, partly because of costs associated with the $24 million Classic Park. A year later, a plaque outside the ball field that said "The House that Dan Built," a reference to former Mayor Dan DiLiberto, who backed the stadium, was taken down.
"It was the house the taxpayers of Eastlake built and are paying for, for the next 30 years," said Ted Andrzejewski, the current Eastlake mayor.
DiLiberto, who now lives in Fort Myers, Fla., said the stadium benefits the city and the administration that followed him should have been more creative in finding extra funding. He said he has the plaque, which was originally placed at the stadium by the engineering firm that built it.
Exaggerated stadium pledges by officials are common, said Miles Wolff, commissioner of the independent Canadian American Association of Professional Baseball, known as the Can-Am league, which helped bring baseball to Ramapo. Wolff is often credited with reviving minor-league baseball in the 1980s as owner of the Durham Bulls, the team that gained fame with the movie "Bull Durham."
"The politicians will promise anything, and they'll over- promise," Wolff said by phone. "If you don't have taxpayer support, you can't build a successful minor league stadium."
The stadium building spree had its roots in a December 1990 agreement between Major League Baseball and the National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues, the organization that represented Minor League Baseball at the time. The deal followed a decade of revival for minor-league baseball. In the 1970s, teams could be bought for $1 and debt payments. By the early 1990s, they were bought and sold for seven figures.
The accord limited the number of teams. It required that stadiums meet similar standards to those in the big leagues. Fields needed to be free of defects that could cause players to trip and have tracks within 15 feet of the outfield walls to warn players of their proximity. It also included measures to generate more revenue, including a minimum number of concessions based on the number of seats.
Major-league organizations such as the Toronto Blue Jays threatened to move teams from stadiums in cities such as Syracuse, N.Y., without ballpark upgrades. Cities reacted by building stadiums that would draw bigger crowds, with features resembling the experience at major-league parks at a fraction of the ticket price, said David Chase, former publisher of Baseball America, a magazine that covers every level of baseball.
The fight among municipalities using stadiums to lure teams hasn't stopped, though the boom has slowed. Ottawa, Canada's capital, lost its Triple-A Lynx to Allentown after the 2007 season when the Pennsylvania city built a new stadium.
The move left Ottawa without a team for the $17.6 million stadium it opened in 1993. The Rapidz, a Can-Am league team, played there in 2008, followed by the semiprofessional Fat Cats from 2010 to 2012. No professional team played there in 2009. The stadium also wasn't home to a professional team in 2013. In October, the city council agreed to enter a new lease with a Can-Am team starting in the 2015 season.
Taxpayers are asked to help build stadiums because minor league teams, even most of those affiliated with major-league clubs, can't afford to build on their own, said Chase, who is the commissioner of the Prospect League, a summer collegiate wood-bat league based in Arlington, Tenn. Cities and teams hire consultants to project the cost of the stadiums, the amount of revenue they'll raise and the benefits they'll bring to the local economy, he said.
"The consultants create their own self-importance," Chase said by phone. "That's really part of the fallout we're seeing with these new ballparks built in the '90s and 2000s. They used a lot of these folks and built a lot of these ball parks that are expensive. They don't have a crystal ball and don't know what will happen to the economy."
In Ramapo, Fishkind & Associates, an Orlando, Fla.-based economic consulting firm, was hired.
Fishkind's report said the stadium could be built for $20 million, using comparisons with venues built in or before 2002 that showed the average per-seat cost among those parks to be about $3,581. When DiNapoli, the New York Comptroller, reviewed facilities built between 2005 and 2010, he found per-seat costs ranging between $3,900 and $6,788, according to his 2012 audit of the Ramapo stadium's finances.
The Fishkind report also projected attendance of 166,576 in its first season, growing to 215,100 by the fifth year, the report said. The Rockland Boulders' best season was in 2012 when 161,375 attended, according to the team's website. That dropped to 143,231 this year. St. Lawrence said rain diminished attendance this year.
Kevin Plenzler, an associate with Fishkind, said the cost estimate was based on information from the town. The firm developed attendance projections by studying numbers for other independent-league teams in the region and local demographics, he said. At the time, they expected the economy would recover faster from the recession that ended in 2009, Plenzler said.
"We couldn't predict things like the debt ceiling and budget fights in Congress," he said by phone. "Those elements are going to impact the overall gross domestic product of the country, which impacts everything down to going to a baseball game."
Dittrich, the retired baseball executive, was hired by Fishkind to help run comparisons with other minor league ballparks as part of the firm's report.
Town officials "were trying to come up with ways to justify the construction cost," Dittrich said by phone. "They were trying to sell it to the public."
The public didn't buy it. In May 2010, the Ramapo town council approved a resolution giving the town's backing to $16.5 million in bonds to be sold by the Ramapo Local Development Corp. to fund the stadium. That August, more than 70 percent of voters rejected the borrowing. After the vote, St. Lawrence said he wouldn't use taxpayer funding, DiNapoli's audit said.
Yet the town continued to pay for improvements on the property and in February 2011, council members approved a resolution putting the town's guarantee on $25 million in short- term bonds to be issued by the RLDC, the audit showed. Unlike long-term borrowing, short-term notes aren't subject to voter referendum rules, according to the audit.
St. Lawrence said turnout was low, "with my political opponents doing a good job at bringing out the 'no' vote." He said his push for the ballpark was part of a wider philosophy of bringing sports -- and the accompanying health benefits -- to his town.
The stadium is "in the best interest of the town of Ramapo -- as a quality-of-life enhancement, as economic development, as affordable family entertainment and recreation, as a construction job stimulus in dire economic times," St. Lawrence said.
At least one local fan agreed. Mike Connolly brought his family to a game against the New Jersey Jackals on an August evening at the 4,500-seat park, where the outfield frames a mountain view. He said an outing in Ramapo for his family of five can cost $100, compared with $600 to attend a Yankees game in the Bronx.
"The baseball fans can't get caught up in everything that's going on with the town," Connolly said while standing on the concourse between home plate and first base. "You do have to wonder, though, what they were thinking, dumping so much money into a stadium during these tough times."
Development corporations are private, not-for-profit entities meant to spur economic development.
"As we've seen in the case of Ramapo, ultimately whatever good intent there might have been there, we think taxpayers are going to be on the hook for many millions more than had first been contemplated," DiNapoli said in an interview in Albany. "That's a risk that will undercut the long-term financial strength of a municipality as well."
St. Lawrence said using the RLDC was the most cost- effective way to build the stadium and it needed the town's backing to secure financing at a lower interest rate because the development corporation had no credit history.
Located in an exclusivity zone around Major League Baseball's New York Yankees and Mets, Ramapo couldn't become home to a minor league affiliate of a major-league franchise under rules meant to protect the big-league clubs from competition. So St. Lawrence partnered with investors who were forming a team with the Can-Am league. Unlike minor league teams connected with a major-league franchise, independent-league players don't have contracts with major-league teams.
"St. Lawrence is the example of the politician who really, really wanted a stadium and team," Wolff, the Can-Am commissioner, said by phone. "He may have pushed a little hard. He believed his community needed it."
Two New Jersey stadiums were among those built for independent-league teams. The $12 million, 5,900-seat Sandcastle Stadium in Atlantic City, later renamed Bernie Robbins Stadium, opened in 1998 as the home to the Atlantic City Surf. The team started as part of the independent Atlantic League and later joined the Can-Am.
The stadium was built with the idea that the city's casinos would support a family-friendly offering in the gambling town. They didn't and the team shut down, said Kim Butler, a spokeswoman for New Jersey's Casino Reinvestment Development Authority, a public agency that provided $9 million toward the stadium's construction.
The Newark Bears, which also started as an Atlantic League team and later joined the Can-Am, opened a $34 million stadium in 1999. The stadium, built at $11 million more than its original price tag, was supposed to bring baseball back to downtown Newark, yet the team couldn't attract fans. Newark and Essex County each pay about $1.3 million annually for debt service. In 2008, the team filed for bankruptcy.
"There's a pattern with these stadiums," said J.C. Bradbury, a sports economist at Georgia's Kennesaw State University. "They always promise more benefits than they deliver and cost more."
In Ramapo, the Fishkind report also projected that by the third year, when debt-service payments would start, the development corporation would have a surplus from stadium revenue. Fishkind's feasibility study was based on a ballpark that would cost $20 million. Yet the town spent about $35 million buying and developing the property and then backed the $25 million borrowed by the RLDC, according to DiNapoli's audit.
St. Lawrence said there's no reason to conclude that the RLDC won't be able to cover the debt. The original securities, which didn't require voter approval, have been refinanced, St. Lawrence said.
"The community had a point of view and the town board still went ahead with the project using a different financing mechanism that did not require the vote," DiNapoli said.
About two weeks before Ramapo was scheduled to sell $39 million in long-term bonds in May to pay off short-term borrowing and fund capital improvements, the FBI showed up at the town hall. Ramapo pulled the sale and sold short-term notes.
In the offering statement, Ramapo disclosed that the warrant for the search allowed the FBI to gather information on its finances since 2009, securities issued by the town and the RLDC, bank deposits, correspondence with auditors and the transfer of funds between the town and Provident Bank, which owns naming rights to the stadium and helped finance a related housing project.
"Due to client confidentiality policies, we cannot comment on any specific client, banking matters or transactions," said Suzanne Copeland, a spokeswoman for Montebello, N.Y.-based Sterling National Bank, which merged with Provident in October.
Castelluccio, the Preserve Ramapo editor, said he has been giving the FBI information about the ballpark and its financing for more than two years.
"All of this started with us questioning how they could have funded the ballpark with the referendum going against the borrowing," Castelluccio said. "Why would anybody in their right mind build a stadium this pricey?"The Many Faces and Emotions of New Lions Coach Jim Caldwell
Detroit Lions Hire New Coach in Jim Caldwell
The Ultimate Warrior: WWE Hall of Fame Bound [Video]
WWE has announced its first member of the 2014 induction class to the WWE Hall of Fame, The Ultimate Warrior.
Ferrets Which Can’t Jump [Video]
Thoughts on Motley Crue’s Farewell [Audio/Video]
Motley Crue will announce details on their upcoming farewell tour at an event Jan. 28 in Los Angeles being billed as "RIP: All Bad Things Must Come To An End."
Another Instructional Piece from Super Quest: How to Speed Metal [Video]
The Canadian band Super Quest has posted another instructional video on "How to Metal." This time, it's how to Speed Metal!
Official Vid for A Perfect Circle’s ‘By and Down’ [Video]
Former Divas Champion Kaitlyn Leaves WWE
Unbelievable Overhead Bicycle Kick Goal [Video]
Pop Evil’s ‘The Onyx Trilogy’ [Video]
U.S. Downhill Skier Lindsey Vonn: Not Competing in Winter Olympics [Video]
The Man High School volleyball team was not disappointed with last Friday’s 3-0 loss to East Hardy in the Class A state tournament at the Charleston Civic Center.
For the Lady Billies it was their first ever trip to state.
It was also the first WVSSAC state tournament berth for any volleyball team from Logan County.
Man started volleyball in the late 1990s and had some initial success under former coach Bill Toler. The Lady Billies advanced to the regionals in 2000 and had a 33-8 record.
In the years since, Man volleyball fell off but it has rebounded in recent years under head coach Orlando Washington.
The Lady Billies fell to East Hardy 25-22, 27-25, 25-17 and saw their season come to a close at 24-21-1.
“Our overall passing was not very good,” Coach Orlando Washington said. “The girls had a hard time making good passes off serves which hurt us. I believe that most of them were nervous.”
Despite the loss Washington said it was an honor to be a part of the state tournament field for the first time.
“There are 42 teams in Single-A and we were in the top eight so we were where 34 other teams wanted to be so I hope the girls understand just how special this is because nothing is guaranteed,” he said. “I really hope they realize that this was very special.”
Washington said his team stayed around the Civic Center to take in two of the three state championship matches.
“We watched the 3A and Single-A championships,” he said. “The Class AAA state finals saw Musselman beat Greenbrier East. The Single-A championship saw Wirt beat Tyler Consolidated 3-2 in a five-game thriller. Watching that match made me proud to be a member of Class A because it was an excellent match that saw two groups of girls competing at a high level. Hopefully my girls realized that that could be them next year if they worker harder because as a coach I believe they can reach that level if they become a true team and learn to support each other no matter what. They have to understand that they are going to make mistakes and they will have to battle back in some matches and fight to the very end.”
Coach Washington said with more work there’s no reason why Man volleyball can’t reach the top.
“What impressed me in the two championship matches we watched was the amount of fight those girls had in them,” he said. “Teams stick together no matter what. If this group can get to that level and fall in love with the sport even more then they could be in the championship game next year.”On March 9, the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning Board announced its selection of 64 priority projects in metropolitan Chicago that will receive local technical assistance. Thanks to a $4.25 million grant from the federal Sustainable Communities Initiative, the success of these projects will be integral to implementing the region’s first-ever comprehensive plan, GO TO 2040.
This is a huge moment for CMAP and the region, and all of us at MPC extend a hearty “Congratulations!” to CMAP and its staff for moving this important initiative forward.
MPC is committed to doing everything we can to ensure the success of CMAP’s GO TO 2040 plan. In our 2011 Plan for Prosperity, we outlined where MPC and CMAP priorities overlap and how MPC’s activities this year are designed to help achieve GO TO 2040’s goals for Livable Communities, Regional Mobility, and Efficient Governance.
It is particularly thrilling that a number of interjurisdictional efforts successfully pursued CMAP technical assistance – a strong indicator that these collaborations are models for others. Indeed, these proposals had stiff competition: CMAP received more than 130 applications from around the region with 220 distinct project requests, ranging from comprehensive plans, zoning ordinances, corridor plans, and housing analyses.
Clearly, CMAP is tapping into an unmet need to assist local communities in becoming more sustainable, equitable, and economically competitive. We look forward to working with CMAP to advance projects that warrant additional support.
Read more about how CMAP’s technical assistance program is giving GO TO 2040 legs. >>
Bookmark the Moving Forward page on CMAP’s web site for updates on GO TO 2040 implementation. >>
Make a donation to MPC to support our continued work to strengthen regional planning in metropolitan Chicago. >>
MPC is supporting the Public-Private Partnerships for Transportation Act (HB1091/SB146), which would allow Illinois to tap Public-Private Partnerships as a strategy for investing in the new transportation assets this region needs, such as freight rail modernization, express trains to the airports, bus rapid transit, high-speed rail, and other transit and road enhancements.
The City of Chicago’s lease of its parking meters angered the public because the process lacked transparency, funds were used to plug budget holes instead of investing in transportation projects, and hourly rates jumped. But PPPs have been used all around the country and world to generate considerable new investment in transportation infrastructure and save taxpayers money. At least 23 states, including Indiana, have passed legislation enabling PPPs for designated projects – but not Illinois.
What’s more, the Chicago Metropolitan Agency for Planning’s GO TO 2040 plan endorses the thoughtful use of PPPs, stating “the focus of PPPs should be on funding transportation system improvements, not on generating revenue for non-transportation purposes by leasing or privatizing transportation assets.” By advocating for PPPs, particularly for new public assets such as enhanced transit, MPC is working to keep Illinois competitive: PPPs can offer considerable cost savings and shortened delivery time, while effectively allocating risk to the private sector.
Read MPC’s web site for updates on the PPP bill and other legislation we are advancing this session. The site also is featuring the ongoing series “PPP Profiles,” case studies on national and international public-private-partnerships. To share ideas for future profiles, please contact Chrissy Nichols, MPC Project Manager, at cnichols@metroplanning.org.
Learn more about the Public-Private Partnerships for Transportation Act. >>
Read the first PPP Profiles case study on the I-495 Capital Beltway. >>
Public roundtables are an important and effective way MPC directly engages a wide range of key audiences in advancing positive policy change in our region, and introducing individuals, organizations and companies to our work and each other. In 2010, eight MPC roundtables hosted 645 attendees and 33 expert panelists.
Sponsors are key to this success, providing valuable resources that enable MPC to convene people for these important discussions. Roundtable sponsors have the opportunity to play a role in the roundtable program, and they receive significant visibility before and after each event, including through WBEZ 91.5's Chicago Amplified program.
MPC has a number of 2011 roundtable sponsorships available. Upcoming events will highlight:
Contact Terri Scales, MPC Assistant Development Director, at (312) 863-6013 or tscales@metroplanning.org ?for more information.
Goose Island's Green Line Project makes brew 'blue'
MPC submits testimony to shape new federal transportation bill
Stop threatened cuts to Sustainable Communities Initiative
Where Mayor-elect Emanuel stands on key regional issues
Prices at the pump causing long faces? Commute Options program offer workplaces some alternatives
More events »
Lake Zurich reaches agreement for water planPioneerLocal.com, 3/15/2011
Emanuel fills in the blanks on his transition teamCrain’s Chicago Business, 3/10/2011
Revitalizing the regionThe Times of Northwest Indiana, 2/27/2011
Report will tell mayor-elect how CEO would fix city's problemsChicago Tribune, 2/24/2011
Dechter: Apartment owners discuss energy costs, financing, taxesPioneerLocal.com, 2/24/2011
Plan commissioners urged to attend trainings on responsibilities, legal issuesTribLocal, 3/16/2011
10 Reasons to TelecommuteHowStuffWorks, March 2011
Mad Men on TrainsFunnyorDie.com, March 2011
Re-Connection is MPC's monthly e-newsletter. Tell us what you think. Email reconnection@metroplanning.org with feedback in the subject.
To subscribe, visit our website at metroplanning.org/signup.html.
To stop receiving this newsletter visit metroplanning.org/unsubscribe.html?EmailMsgId=116&email=Specific Issues Reports for S.1733 by BG Group, 111th Congress
Content of Specific Issue field
Matters affecting LNG, siting of LNG import facilities American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, provisions related to LNG FY 2009 Omnibus, provisions related to LNG HR 2454, American Clean Energy and Security Act and S. 1462, American Clean Energy Leadership Act of 2009 HR 2766 / S.1215, Fracturing Responsibility and Awareness of Chemicals (FRAC) Act climate change proposals S. 1733, Clean Energy Jobs and American Power Act
Close this windowPress Release
WFL 8-Man MMA Tournament
April 1 at Club Lido, Revere
REVERE, Mass. (April 1st, 2006) – The first 8-Man Tournament in Massachusetts Mixed Martial Arts fighting history will take place Saturday night, April 1 at “Real: No Fooling Around,” promoted by the World Fighting League (WFL) at Club Lido (formerly the Wonderland Ballroom) in Revere, Massachusetts.
Weymouth native Joe “J-Law” Lauzon (10-3), representing Team Aggression, and BTT-Boston’s Thierry Quenneville (9-4) lead the field of eight 160-pound fighters with the final survivor earning a purse of $4,000. The other six participants include Bill Mahoney (SSSF), Doug Brown (Fight Zone), Andrew Montanez, Adam Comfort (Ithaca MMA), Leandro “Tatu” Escobar (Best Way/ATT) and Peter Jeffrey (Santos).
“We’re excited to make MMA history in Massachusetts,” WFL president Zack Tesler said. “Many of the best 160-pounders from the local area as well as from out of town will be fighting to become The Man. We also have a Superfight, three title matches, one women’s match, and a strong undercard.
The Superfight features the return of “El Conquistador,” Jorge Rivera (Team Elite) against Timothy Williams.
Sherman Pendergarst (Baltimore Fight Club) takes on Jason Cadima (Dragon Lair) for the Super Heavyweight Championship, while Roger Brackett (Gracie Barra BH-Mass) faces Eric Yarid (N.B.A.) for the Heavyweight Championship. In the Light Welterweight title match, Cesario De Souza (Dragon Lair) tangles with Marcus Gifford (Dragon Warrior).
The WFL women’s match pits Page Sturtevant (AMMA/Renzo Gracie) versus Katherine Johnson.
The undercard is loaded with competitive fights including Bobby McAndrews (Dragon Lair)-Mat Keating (Unleashed), Eric Rusel (Ithaca MMA)-Reid Homer (Submission Arsenal), Dana Bluen (Team Santos)-David Woodby (NY), Eric Henry (Ithaca MMA)-Mark Matheson (Dragon Warrior), Richard de Los Reyes (ATT)-Paul Gorman (AMMA/Renzo), Danny Lauzon (Team Aggression)-Anthony Peters (Team Russell), Alexander Chianurashvili-Mike Hansen (BIT), Carlos Neto (BestWay/ATT)-TBA, Enrique Nunez (Silver Dragon-TBA). Danny Lauzon, brother of Joe, will become the youngest MMA fighter in Massachusetts’ history when he fights one day after his 18th birthday. All fights and fighters are subject to change.
Tickets are priced at $100.00 (Front Row – 1st row), $65.00 (VIP – 2nd & 3rd rows), $50.00 (Ringside – rows 4 and back), and $35.00 (General Admission – standing room). To order or for more information call 877.481.2691 or visit. Tickets also will be sold at the door the night of the show. shopped with m and m for over a year now and never had any problems service is very good and prices are extremely good too.
Not good
Great seller item as described on time delivery highly recommend
Great price. Promote delivery.
Good quality
Poor quality
Good quality and service
Poor fit
The shorts were ok for the price
Very Pleased with quality and value
would use again
Great products and prices!
Shorts were shorter than expected and material was thin (more like pyjama bottoms than for outdoor use)
Very comfortable pair of shorts.
Reasonably priced, and
Promptly delivered.
Thank you.
Very good service, updates on orders.
I bought 3 pairs quality
exactly what I ordered. I like.
As above..
Not the best quality. Don't think they'll last very long, ok for swim shorts - wouldn't last playing football.
Very good
AS DESCRIPTION
Great service came on time thank you
bad fit
Efficient as usual.
Good Fit and good quality shortsMost of us can accept that the polka-dot is an underrated pattern. Despite its popularity boom in the ’60s, these days you’re more likely to see a cartoon mouse sporting this pattern than you are a college student. In South Carolina, February begins its transition into spring early, and the temptation to bring out the florals and pastels is still considered premature. During this time of pattern doubt, I suggest taking a tip from this brilliant Fashionisto’s rendition of adaptable polka-dot play.
Once seen primarily as black and white, the modern polka-dot pattern comes in an array of color combinations suitable for every season. This Fashionisto is seasonally appropriate for the winter month, sporting navy and white dots over hunter green pants, completing his look with dapper silver loafers. Fast forward to June and picture this polka-dot top over white shorts. From winter to summer, this versatile pattern proves its investment. What could be better than a year-round trend? Florals sure can’t make it past the summer.
Name: Kelvin Davis
Year: Senior
Major: Art Education
CollegeFashionista: When it comes to patterns, do you find yourself drawn to classic staples or outlandish designs?
Kelvin Davis: I tend to find myself in the battle between the two preferences. I love the chaos of hot dots, floral patterns and bright colors yet the simplicity of staples appeals to me just as much. Even though staples are easier to wear year round, these days I’m more willing to spend a decent amount of money on something different and more one of a kind.
CF: Whether it be a person, designer or website, who/where do you draw your style influence from?
KD: I draw my style influence from retail maven and street style star, Nick Wooster. His perception of style inspires me to take risks, especially with patterned blazers and ankle-length pants. He seems to have mastered the blend of classic mixed with eccentric chic, which is right up my alley. Personally, I think he should be every man’s fashion guru!
CF: As an up-and-coming blogger, what is your primary focus or message you want your readers to take away from your personal style?
KD: My main focus is to reach men struggling with fashion and offer them adaptable and different inspiration within my personal style posts. I strive to gently persuade my readers to take risks by posting approachable, yet creative rather than classic outfits. My motto is, “The more you care about what you wear, the more people will care about what you do.”
How To: This Fashionisto is color conscience of the winter month, despite the contrasting climate. Dressing in darker shades allows for a bigger show of character with his silver shoes, which correlate well with the white within his polka-dot pattern. During the true spring and summer seasons, go the road less traveled with polka-dot shorts over the typical patterns one would buy from Vineyard Vines. If the idea of this pattern intrigues you but you’re not entirely sold on the idea yet, opt for a pair of polka-dot socks to ease the adaptation process. Lastly, a nice cup of Starbucks coffee or tea is the perfect accessory to complete any outfit with.The eighth edition of the Experience Hendrix Tour, a special event presented by Realta Entertainment’s “BandFuse: Rock Legends” video game, is set to launch March 2014.
The month-long tour is an ongoing tribute to the music and legacy of Jimi Hendrix and will feature a diverse group of musicians paying homage to the rocker including Buddy Guy, Jonny Lang, Kenny Wayne Shepherd, Bootsy Collins, Mato Nanji and Ana Popovic.
The tour officially begins in Dallas, Texas, at the Verizon Theater on March 11 then heads across the Midwest and mid-Atlantic regions with stops in St. Louis, Chicago, Milwaukee, Louisville, Pittsburgh, Washington and Detroit.
Realta’s video game “BandFuse: Rock Legends” connects real guitars, basses and microphones to game consoles, giving users an authentic playing experience across a library of hit songs from rock to metal and punk to funk.
“Playable kiosks of the game will be at each of the shows, giving attendees a pick-up-and-play, real rock experience with the only game that provides the tools to help become the next guitar legend,” says Jeff Marshall, director of artist relations, Realta Entertainment.
“BandFuse: Rock Legends” is available now in North America for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation3 systems with a European release coming soon.
Drinking Game: Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality
- Take a sip every time there's a Shout-Out to something geeky. Make it a shot if it's an anime reference. Two shots if it's a sci-fi novel.
- Take a shot every time a scientific study is cited in the narration. Make it two if it's cited in actual dialogue, or is EY's own. Take three if both.
- Take a shot every time Harry snaps his fingers. If a character other than Harry snaps their fingers, make it two.
- Take a shot every time Harry acts bratty or condescending.
- Take a shot every time someone doesn't understand Harry.
- Take a shot every time Harry thinks about/comments on the wizarding world being stupid. Make it two if Quidditch is mentioned in this context.
- Take a shot every time Quirrell says something or someone is stupid.
- Take a shot every time Quirrell does (or is mentioned to have done) something ridiculously awesome.
- Take a shot every time Hermione is jealous of Harry.
- Someone thinking in story terms:
- One shot if it's Dumbledore.
- Two shots if it's Harry.
- Three shots if it's a female character who Thinks Like a Romance Novel.
- Four shots if it's none of the above.
- Two shots every time someone is mean to Hermione for a stupid reason.
- Two shots if a significant event happens during the storyline, but off-screen (for example, the Sorting Hat's Parseltongue message).Mug Orb Revision as of 11:11, January 21, 2013 by Cannk (Talk | contribs) (diff) ← Older revision | Latest revision (diff) | Newer revision → (diff) 10,262pages on this wiki Edit History Talk0 A Mug Orb in the Pokémon Mystery Dungeon series is an item that will inflict damage on a foe Pokémon in front of the player when used while also stealing a held item if they are holding one. This article is a stub. Please help the Pokémon Wiki by expanding it. Retrieved from "" Categories: Article stubs Pokémon Mystery Dungeon Items Orbs Itemsa music exploration experiment
The Loom- Song for the winter sun
“This year we will not sleep our way through the winter”
I was listening to this anthem driving down Lakeshore Drive the other morning with my coffee, feeling buzzed and I couldn’t help but drum along on the steering wheel to the the infectious drum beat. It inspired me to make the most out of the day. You can catch this Brooklyn group at one of their many shows down in Austin, TX for SXSW. Talking to John of The Loom the past few weeks I can tell he is very excited to show off their new songs from their soon to be released LP. With over 1,800 bands at SXSW, The Loom is at least one you cannot afford to miss.
I had a chance to ask John from The Loom a few questions…
HD:: Have you ever played at SXSW or in Austin before?
The Loom:: This will be our first time!
HD:: Have any of you ever had a Lone Star Beer?
The Loom:: I haven’t personally, but I’m excited to try one. We’re actually loaning out our gear as backline for one of the shows we’re playing and I’m told we’re getting several cases of Lone Star in return so it sounds like we’ll have the opportunity very soon.
HD:: The Loom is based in Brooklyn, where all have you guys toured so far?
The Loom:: So far we’ve played in Montreal, Boston, Philadelphia, and of course all over New York. That said we’re super excited to be playing eight shows in Austin next week and to start touring more and more extensively.
HD:: Do you have a favorite venue to play in Brooklyn?
The Loom:: I’d have to say its a tie between The Bell House and The Mercury Lounge. The folks that book both of those spaces are just incredible to work with, and the spaces themselves are amazing and the sound immaculate. We’d never miss an opportunity to play either.
HD:: The Loom has just finished recording a new LP do you have an expected release date?
The Loom:: Not at the moment, no, as we’re currently in the thick of trying to figure out how we’re going to release the album. That said, it will hopefully make its way into the world sooner than later!
HD:: What are the future plans for the band?
The Loom:: Once we release the record we plan to start touring touring touring. And then we’ll record the next record, which we’re already in the process of writing. And then more touring. And so on and so on, hopefully forever.
Best of luck to The Loom while they tear it up in Austin.
More on The Loom.
shout out! woot! woot!Sinbad net worth: Sinbad is a Michigan-born actor and comedian who has a net worth of -$10.77 million.. In the filing Sinbad claims that he has just $131 thousand in assets and $10.99 million in debt. In total he owes $375 thousand to American Express, $30,000 to Bank of America, $2.3 million to the state of California and $8.3 million to the IRS. The $8.3 million debt covers taxes owed for the years 1998-2006. As for his assets, Sinbad claims his monthly income is $16,000, he still owns a 2007 BMW 750 and a 2010 Lincoln Navigator. Chapter 13 bankruptcy means Sinbad's debts will be re-organized, not completely wiped clean as would be the case with Chapter 7. Chapter 7 is much worse for an individual's credit and is only an option when the debtor has no assets or income.- Researchers
- Symposium
- Interviews
Methodology
We propose a user-centred approach, which looks at the domains of amateur, artist and professional production. By user-centred we mean a focus on the spectrum from end-user experience of software, through redesigning or re-purposing hardware and software, to the origination of new tools. This user-centred approach to technological adoption and the evolution of technique is designed to test a subsidiary hypothesis: that how a given artist or technologist, or a given society's artists and technologists handle, depict, reflect upon and utilise light also tells us about the beliefs, meanings and values attached to light in different places and times, especially contemporary presumptions underlying both technological and technical innovation. The research will be grounded in experiment, archival analysis and interviews.
The project will focus on three families of light-based technologies:
- the depiction of light in pigment and ink-based technologies and contemporary computer-generated imaging,
- the recording of light in various forms of photography, cinematography and digital recording,
- the use of light as the material form of communication.
We hope to investigate material practices and their significance concerning the nature, value and meaning of light. The normative theses of much art and media historiography risk constructing stable norms to facilitate periodisation. Teleological models focus on the goals of verisimilitude, authenticity, standardisation and, in the case of digital media, of warmth, texture and depth. By stripping back the presumption that all innovation is either normative or goal-oriented, we seek a clearer view of the day-to-day practice of technical innovation in such areas as the light-responsiveness of various materials, the colour palettes and gamuts of specific technologies, and the impacts these have had on the evolution of style and form.
To address the challenges of depicting, recording and preparing digital resources for specific outputs (print, screen, projection), we are particularly interested in the human face. The notorious difficulty of skin-tones, the colour and 'life' of eyes, the differential scattering of light from different layers of the epidermis, among others, provide the opportunity to discuss key digital techniques of colour, layering (in relation to underpainting) and tonal transitions. We will investigate the genealogy of vector and bitmap techniques, and the significance of the statement by Alvy Ray Smith, co-founder of Pixar, that 'Reality begins at 80 million polygons per frame'. This case study highlight the prioritisation of and relationships between technical issues faced by digital media in the 21st century, and the most significant responses to them, and enables direct address to the historical inspirations and accumulation of expertise in contemporary digital practice.Monomoy Today [Archive] - Fly Fishing Forum Fly Fishing Forum > Saltwater Flyfishing > Stripers and Coastal Gamefish > Monomoy Today PDA : Monomoy Today Redfisher08-21-2006, 04:57 PMHad a guest out on my boat today and on our way down to the rips we spotted birds working along the shore of South Monomoy. Turned out to be small blues, 3 to 5 pounds, and they provided plenty of action. There were many pods of fish over at least a quarter to a half of a mile stretch of shoreline in 4 to 7 feet of water. They stayed up for at least 2 hours. The interesting thing, unless you're looking for blue fish, is what they were feeding on. One of the first fish into the boat spit up the following: Juvie herring ( 1" to 1.5"), baby bunker (1" to 2"), a sand eel (3"), bay anchovies (1.5"), 3 squid (3") and a crab (dime size) and many of the other fish we landed spit up similar combinations . It's been a long time since I've seen such a variety of bait in the same area. I didn't see any of the silversides that Juro mentioned in Monomoy Yesterday but that was on the ocean side I believe. If the bait stays around there should be some great fishing over the next few weeks. Dan vBulletin® v3.8.7, Copyright ©2000-2015, vBulletin Solutions, Inc.No bake Key lime pie
The only thing I can say about this pie is WOW…..
Lately I am loving the no bake part of making desserts and since I just found the perfect consistency to making no bake cheesecake I can actually obtain endless variations. Loving that….
Again, this one is super simple and very refreshing. I made it for a lunch date I had with one of my girlfriends after having some spicy Indian food. It was just the perfect end to our meal.
You can use any pan you wish. In this case I used a 9 inch tart pan with removable bottom but you can use either a cheesecake pan with removable bottom of any size you prefer or a springform pan.
I am planning on making a raspberry and cappuccino no bake cheesecake. I am super excited. I just hope they turn out ok so that I can post the recipe. Until then….
Enjoy!!
You can perfectly make this pie in any other pan you may prefer. A springform or a cheesecan pan with removable bottom will work well.
No bake Key lime pie
Miryam's original recipe
Yield: 8-10 servings
Ingredients:
8 oz cream cheese, 1/3 less fat
1 cup heavy cream
3/4 cup confectioner's sugar
Juice of 3-4 key limes, regular limes will also work
Crust
1 1/2 cup oats
1 1/2 cup honey nut cheerios, I used multigrain cheerios from TJoes
1 stick butter, melted
Directions:
In a food processor pulverize the oats and cheerios. Transfer to a 9 inch tart pan with removable bottom and add the melted butter. Combine and press down onto the base and sides of the cake pan.You can also use a sprinform pan or a cheesecake pan with removable bottom.
In a bowl combine the cream cheese, sugar and lime juice. In another bowl whipped the heavy cream. Fold the whipped cream into the lime cream cheese mixture.
Add the cream cheese mixture over the crust and decorate as desired. Refrigerate over night.
Click here for a healthier revised no bake key lime pie recipe
Nutrition facts calculated based on the recipe giving 8 servings
lovely…………but I always wonder how much is a stick of butter in grams…..I guess our 250 gr butter pot isn’t the same of your stick. I love your blog and I visit it every time you publish, although, I have never written before…
This sounds and looks super! I LOVE key lime pie. Either key lime or peanut butter pie is my favorite dessert ever. And I’m looking forward to the raspberry cappuccino version! I’ve never had coffee, but I love baked goods with coffee in them.
Intxaurtsu,
A stick of butter is exactly 113 gr. I hope it helps.
Thanks for visiting my blog :-)
Thank you so very much for sharing this recipe!! It sounds amazing. I have a very productive Key Lime tree and I’m always looking for recipes to use up those limes. Idon’t like the pie where you use the sweetened condensed milk so I am so looking forward to making this pie!
hugs, mickie “luny”
Have you made the cappuccino no bake cheesecake (without raspberries) yet or tried making a mocha one? Would love the recipe if you have. BTW, your recipes are wonderful! Thanks!
Miryam@eatgood4life — May 5th, 2013 @ 4:02 pm
Oh gosh no I haven’t but this is a great reminder because I think it is going to be great :-) Thanks so much for visiting my blog and will try to make those variations soon!!
Can you use key lime juice? If so, how much do you think is equivalent to the 3-4 key limes in your recipe? It looks delish!!! :)
Miryam@eatgood4life — May 20th, 2013 @ 4:34 pm
Yes of course. I would say about 1/4-1/3 cup. Thanks for stopping by. Check the other no bake key lime version I have as well :-) You may like that better!Earth Island Institute
Home › Programs › Restoration Initiatives › Wetland Restoration Grants
Restoration Initiatives
Supporting community-based wetland restoration initiatives
Santa Barbara
Native Plant Nursery
Grantee: Growing Solutions
Award: $30000
Total Cost:
Provided funding to expand a nonprofit nursery growing native riparian and wetlands plants from stock indigenous to specific sites and watersheds in Santa Barbara and Ventura Counties. The nursery also operates environmental education programs in the community. Growing Solutions provided at least $23,000 in matching funds and in-kind services. This included contribution of the nursery site rent-free by the County of Santa Barbara. This native plant nursery benefits coastal wetlands and riparian habitats by providing a source of genetically-appropriate plant stocks for enhancement projects currently being designed.
Growing Solutions
(805) 452-7561Advertisement
Stories
Government update for April 12
Moffat County Commission Next meeting: today, Moffat County Courthouse, 221 W. Victory Way Agenda: • 8:30 to 8:35 a.m. Call to order, Pledge of Allegiance, moment of silence • 8:35 to 8:45 a.m. Consent agenda
On the Record for April 12, 2010
On the Record for April 12, 2010
Craig briefs: Alpha Tau electing officers today
Alpha Tau Chapter 757 of ESA is scheduled to host a business meeting at 1 p.m. today at Sunset Meadows I, 633 Ledford St.
Horoscopes for April 12, 2010
ARIES (March 21-April 19) — Don’t be so quick to give up on something just because things aren’t happening for you as quickly as you think they should. Stick with it because it will yield all that you’re hoping it would.
Annie's Mailbox: Husband had affair 30 years ago
Dear Annie: I am a 64-year-old woman, and my husband is 65. We have been together for 45 years. Until recently, I thought we had the perfect marriage. However, when he became seriously ill and thought he might die, he confessed to an affair 30 years ago.
Aging Well: Exercise improves Parkinson’s symptoms
There are many unanswered questions about Parkinson’s disease. Some, such as what causes the condition in the first place, are troubling. Others, such as why exercise improves lives of people coping with the disease, are more optimistic.
George Peters: Where we are failing
It seems many citizens and politicians today have no knowledge of history and its teachings. Many see only today and tend to bend the rules and laws to suit their own limited knowledge of the mistakes of man.
Bryce Jacobson: New treatments offered at NutriTherapy Center
Holly Sperry, owner of The NutriTherapy Center in downtown Craig, has brought on two new specialists to perform acupuncture treatments.
H. Neal Glanville: My attempt at saving the planet
During the past month and a bit, I’ve spent time in search of a job to supplement our income. Being a tradesman, I didn’t think President Barack Obama’s economic floundering would have too much effect on craftsmen finding work. Once again, the weak side of my brain was doing the thinking.
Bulldogs varsity soccer batters Rams, 6-0
Moffat County wins Saturday against Roaring Fork.
Children get ‘quality family time’
8th annual Celebrate Children Festival draws large crowd
Porter Walker, 6, sat expectantly on a bench Saturday morning in Centennial Mall. Erica Stewart, an occupational therapist with the Moffat County School District, knelt before him and unwrapped a shiny, black bike helmet.
Shane Thomas: Multitasking
“There’s a lot of things that are IT. It’s anything from just repairing computers to programs not working, copy jobs, copiers, any kind of business like that. Basically, anything that confuses you, you can come and we’ll find it out. I don’t know everything, but I know a lot of places to get that information. It works out pretty good.
.
Commissioner candidate eliminated
Delegates at Saturday’s county assembly vote on candidates, resolutions; Barnes off primary ballot
Tami Barnes, a Moffat County Commission District 2 candidate, was eliminated from the Republican primary ballot Saturday during the Moffat County Republican Party County Assembly.Nicolas Sarkozy Suspends Law on Armenian Genocide Denial
WikiLeaks cables have revealed that French president Nicolas Sarkozy promised Turkey that his country’s Senate will suspend the law on Armenian genocide denial, French-Armenian journalist Jean Eckian reported from Paris, adding that the news had come as a surprise to the Armenian community in France.
In a letter addressed to CCAF President Alexis Govciyan approximately a month before, Sarkozy reportedly said. “I fully share your view that France opposes the denial policy. We must condemn not only such policy but also propaganda.”
CCAF published an official statement voicing the Armenian community’s protest and requiring that the law criminalizing the denial of genocide (passed by the French National Assembly on October 12, 2006) be submitted to the Senate in a due manner, Eckian said.
Related posts:
- Aznavour Urges Sarkozy To Support Bill On Criminalizing Armenian Genocide Denial
- Charles Aznavour Indignant At Sarkozy’s Decision To Kill Armenian Genocide Law In French Senate
- Sarkozy Fails To Endorse Bill Penalizing Denial of Armenian Genocide
- French Senate to consider bill penalizing Armenian Genocide denial?
- Armenian press silent on Slovakia’s Armenian Genocide denial law – FAAE president
What is happening to the Armenians in teh World, where are influencial Armenians in France. How can you let this happen, see the Jews when someone denies the existence of the genocide, stop the broadcast message repudiating the world to genocide denial. We need more union among the Armenians in the World. We have change it too,we are very fragile. God bless Armenia.Fiji Time: 10:01 PM on Friday 22 May
/ Front page / News
Ana Madigibuli
Friday, November 23, 2012
THIS year's Miss World Supermodel Pageant is expected to be bigger and better than last year with five countries participating for the first time in Fiji.
Supermodels from Belgium, India, Korea, Russia and Israel are representing their country here.
Miss World Supermodel Pageant director development Lady Carla Davis said the good thing about this year's pageant was that they had a wonderful selection of delegates from around the world.
Ms Davis said the supermodels would build a bridge of cultural understanding between the various countries.
"We are here to promote a healthy lifestyle and that people can achieve greater success by being healthy and being free from drugs, tobacco and alcohol," Ms Davis said.
"We love coming to Fiji because it is the best place to hold a pageant.
"We found out that the friendliness of the people and the spirit are better than anywhere else we have ever been to.
"We have received such a warm welcome from everyone since our arrival.
"The pageant is a good thing since it builds confidence in the young people and builds a connection with people around the world."
Ms Davis said 18 countries were represented this year including Japan, Korea, Lebanon, Fiji, Russia, Israel, Belgium, Canada.
"The girls are connecting with their family and friends who are back at home through the social media and people are actually talking about Fiji," she said.
"Dealing with places, people are making a different and Fijians have surpassed everyone.
"I have travelled and lived in many different countries but Fiji stands out the most and I could not think of a better place than Fiji to hold such a pageant."
This is the second time the Miss World Supermodel Pageant is being held in Fiji. Suliana Taukei, 25, and Angela Sue Eka Viti, 16, are representing Fiji at the supermodel pageant at The Pearl South Pacific Resort and Spa in Pacific Harbour this week.
Use the free Acrobat Reader to view.can i use this cord to set up a ipad to a neat desk
- Asked by Floyd G from Mcclellandtown
-
- Flag as inappropriate (can i use this cord to set up a ipad to a neat desk)
1 Answer from the Community
Yes, it will make a usb data connection
- Answered by Ethan S from West Lafayette
-
- Flag as inappropriate Answer 1
Related Questions
- How long is the cord?
- Asked by Ashley M from San Diego
- Nov 29, 2012
- Flag as inappropriate (How long is the cord?)
- Asked about: Kensington SafeDome Secure Lock for…
- Mixing cords?
- Asked by Steve T from Fort Saskatchewan
- Sep 10, 2013
- Flag as inappropriate (Mixing cords?)
- Asked about: Bretford PowerSync Tray for iPad wi…
- can I use Apple tv on my Dell Desk top
- Asked by Rich M from Newark
- Dec 1, 2014
- Flag as inappropriate (can I use Apple tv on my Dell Desk top)
Answer now (can I use Apple tv on my Dell Desk top)
No answers yetSilent Line: Armored Core
Codes
Unlockables
All Mission compete unlockables.
Beating all missions and getting a S-Rank in all of them will unlock various parts. Competeing 11 missions with a certain type of leg part will unlcok a new leg part..
Secrets.
Contributed..
Unlock CWC-LIC/100
Do the ''Attack Unexplored Region''. Destory both white MT you come across and compete the mission.
Know Something We Don't?
You can submit new cheat codes for this game using our Cheat Submission Form.
Have We Been Fooled?
If you see a non-working or fake code in the list above, let us know by using our Problem Submission Form.Kohler K-10240-G Brushed Chrome Transitional Three Function Shower Head Only with 1/2 Inch Connection from the Forte Collection
BCI22846
Forté(R) 1.75 gpm showerhead
The transitional design of this eco-friendly 1.75 GPM showerhead complements the Forté faucet collection. A MasterClean sprayface offers wide coverage, soothing aerated spray and revitalizing massage spray all while resisting hard water buildup.
- The KOHLER Forté showerhead coordinates with other Forté faucets and accessories to complete your design solution
- Forte Collection Products
- Buy Replacement Parts For Kohler K-10240
Our SKU: K-10240
This product is listed under the following manufacturer number(s):
- Brushed Bronze
K-102040-BV
- Brushed Chrome
K-10240-G
- Brushed Nickel
K-10240-BN
- Oil Rubbed Bronze (2BZ)
K-10240-2BZ
- Oil Rubbed Bronze (BRZ)
K-10240-BRZ
- Polished Chrome
K-10240-CP
*Denotes a finish or option that has been discontinued
2 Questions from the Community
No it does not the showerhead would have to be purchased separately.
Is there a tub / shower set that uses this efficient shower head?
A. No it does not the showerhead would have to be purchased separately.
This does function the same as the ordinary Forte head but it is restricted to 1.75gpm.
Is this the ordinary Forte shower head with a restrictor added?
A. This does function the same as the ordinary Forte head but it is restricted to 1.75gpm.)Sony releases new additions to Walkman W series of portable media players in Japan
media players. According to Sony, the new W series of Walkmans will boast various features which make them ideal for use in various physical activities such as sports.
Sony has announced the availability of its latest additions to its W series of rugged portable media players that are sold under the Walkman branding. Known as the Sony Walkman MWD-W263, the Walkmans are claimed to be suitable for use in activities such as exercises and sports because of their lightweight and waterproof designs.
According to Sony, the new MWD-W263 boasts a 25% weight reduction over its predecessors, while the lack of a headphone cord ensures that users do not have to worry about any potential distractions in the midst of their exercises. In addition, the MWD-W263 comes preloaded with various frills associated with the Walkman brand, such as Sony's Clear Audio Technology and Quick Charge feature, which allows users to enjoy up to 60 minutes of audio playback uptime with just a mere three minute charge.
Last but not least, Sony has confirmed that the MWD-W263 will feature 4GB of internal flash storage and will support a variety of common audio formats, namely MP3, WMA, ATRAC, Linear PCM and AAC. Unfortunately, it seems that FLAC support is still not present in the new NWD-W263 Walkman. Oh well.
Sony has not released any details about the new Walkman MWD-W263's pricing or global availability, although the Japanese electronics giant has confirmed that the media player is expected to be released for sale in Japan in four different colours (blue, pink, white and black) come September 10 this year,
Source: Sony Japan ninth West Indies batsman Sunil Narine caught by Ishant Sharma with the fifth delivery of the 34th over.
After the dismissal, Jadeja was seen walking up to Raina and saying a few things which the Uttar Pradesh batsman didn't find amusing. Raina also replied and before things could get out of hand, skipper Virat Kohli intervened and told Raina to cool down.
Jadeja was apparently annoyed as Raina failed to judge a catch offered by Narine in his previous over. Jadeja may have also been unhappy that Raina didn't attempt for a Narine catch earlier which might have miffed the Saurashtra all-rounder. (Also read: Kohli savours crucial bonus point)
After Jadeja dismissed the last batsman with the very next delivery, Raina walked up to Jadeja and tried to patiently tell his junior colleague a few things putting his hand around his neck. Later both were seen chatting and sharing a laugh while leaving the ground.
Story first published on: Saturday, 06 July 2013 20:13 ISTWazzum Community Dating Software result from Antivirus system
DoDownload.com team tested Wazzum Community Dating Software 2.7 on Oct 14, 2010 with the antivirus programs and No Virus, Spyware, Adware were found in the Wazzum Community Dating Software 2.7 download. Our system will test the wazzum.zip 17, 2011 (estimated).
Wazzum Community Dating Software Certificate:
Embed Wazzum Community Dating Software's 200x140 pixels image button:
Embed Wazzum Community Dating Software's 120x84 pixels certification:
Embed Wazzum Community Dating Software's 80x56px mark:
32940432997398\wazzum.zip - OK
Scan completed at: 10/14/10 20:11:41
Scan time: 0 sec (0:00:00)
Total: files - 1, objects 1
Infected: files - 0, objects 0
Cleaned: files - 0, objects 0
Engine version: 5.0.2.03300
Engine API version: 2.02
32940432997398\wazzum.zip - archive HTML
>32940432997398\wazzum.zip\JavaScript.0 - OK
>32940432997398\wazzum.zip\Script.1 - OK
>32940432997398\wazzum.zip\Script.2 - OK
>32940432997398\wazzum.zip\Script.3 - OK
>32940432997398\wazzum.zip\Script.4 - OK
>32940432997398\wazzum.zip\Script.5 - OK
32940432997398\wazzum.zip - OK
Scan report for "32940432997398\wazzum.zip":
Scanned: 7: 20:11:55
Try delete: No
Try delete container: No
Exclude by mask: No
Include by mask: No
Objects to scan:
"32940432997398\wazzum.zip" Enable=Yes Recursive=No
------------------
Scan_Objects$266998 running 50%
32940432997398\wazzum.zip - OK
Scan_Objects$266998 completed
--- Statistics ---
Time Start: 2010-10-14 20:11:55
Time Finish: 2010-10-14 20:11:55
Completion: 100%
Processed objects: 1
Total detected: 0
Detected exact: 0
Suspicions: 0
Treats detected: 0
Untreated: 0
Disinfected: 0
Quarantined: 0
Deleted: 0
Skipped: 0
Archived: 0
Packed: 0
Password protected: 0
Corrupted: 0
Errors: 0
Last object:
------------------
(30.03MB)Are you a company looking for a staffing solution, or a candidate looking for an employment?
Either way you have chosen the right company.
CLC Recruitment is one of the leading recruitment agencies in the Middle East. Our passion for the industry and commitment to both candidate and client are just two of the many reasons you will benefit from working with us. Our continued success is greatly due to the knowledge and experience our consultants have within the industry, coupled with the commitment we have to both our clients, and candidates.
Please type your user name and your password to login your account:WARNING: Choking Hazard – small parts. Not for Children under 3 years. knkowing.
The rest of the sentiments are shown on the "More Info" box below.
©2015 Mary Engelbreit Studios, Inc.
Sentiments:
1) Bunny with daffodil - Jump for joy…Easter’s here! Hope it’s extra hoppy!
2) Chick with hat - Hope a fun Easter comes your way!
3) Chick with Easter eggs - Wishing you an Easter filled with sweet surprises.
4) Bunny with boat of Easter eggs - Spring Ahoy! Happy Easter
Cute 2" x 8" bookmarks feature 4 different riddles with a word-search puzzle on the back.
Set of 8
Please see "More Info" box below for the card sentiments
Set of 72 (2 of each)
CHOKING HAZARD – Small parts.
Keep out of reach of children under 3 years.
Inspirational set of 42 scalloped-edge stickers features a Bible verse on each one. Set includes 21 Bible verses on 7 floral pastel designs. Acid/lignin free. 3/4" x 2 1/2".
CHOKING HAZARD Small parts.Keep out of reach of children under 3 years.
Fold our 5" x 5" cardstock topper over your bag of treats and staple! (Bags and contents not included.)!
(1)Inspired: A Bewitching Painting
Like us on Facebook
Anna Fidler's artwork is a fantastical vision of gorgeous colors and odd landscapes haunted by an undercurrent of malevolent possibility. Fidler, who currently has a painting exhibition at the Pulliam Deffenbaugh Gallery in Portland, mixes cool colors with unexpected shapes to create landscapes that are both alien and familiar. They remind me a little of something you'd see in an illustration for a Tolkien book, and seem haunted by the possibility of imaginary creatures and wild animals creeping into the edges of the painting.
To see my ideas for creating a room around this painting,
.
SourceMARIETTA, Pa., March 22, 2013 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Donegal Group Inc. ("DGI") today reported the commencement of an unsolicited tender offer for 962,636 shares of DGI's Class B common stock at a price of $30 per share in cash by Gregory Mark Shepard. The offer states it will expire April 19, 2013.
DGI's Board of Directors, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, will advise the holders of DGI Class B common stock by April 3, 2013:
- whether DGI recommends acceptance or rejection of the tender offer, expresses no opinion and remains neutral toward the tender offer or is unable to take a position with respect to the tender offer; and
- the reasons for the position DGI takes with respect to the tender offer.
DGI will also file the recommendation of its Board of Directors with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on a Schedule 14D-9 solicitation/recommendation statement.
DGI urges the holders of its Class B common stock to take no action with respect to the tender offer until DGI's Board of Directors makes its recommendation.
Important Information and Where to Find It
This communication does not constitute an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell any securities. DGI intends to file a solicitation/recommendation statement on Schedule 14D‑9 with the SEC with respect to the tender offer no later than April 3, 2013. DGI urges the holders of its Class B common stock to read the solicitation/recommendation statement and any other documents it files with the SEC when they become available because they will contain important information. Stockholders may obtain, without charge, a copy of the solicitation/recommendation statement and other documents (when available) that DGI files with the SEC at the SEC's website at and DGI's website at. In addition, the solicitation/recommendation statement and other documents (when available) that DGI files with the SEC may be obtained, without charge, from DGI by writing to DGI's corporate secretary, Sheri O. Smith, at its principal executive offices at 1195 River Road, P.O. Box 302, Marietta, Pennsylvania 17547 or by e-mail to sherismith@donegalgroup.com. FSB, a federal savings bank.
DGI's Class A common stock and Class B common stock trade on NASDAQ under the symbols DGICA and DGICB, respectively.
CONTACT: Jeffrey D. Miller Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Phone: (717) 426-1931 Fax: (717) 426-7031 E-mail: investors@donegalgroup.comToday, there is a push to save energy and, therefore, money. One of the largest users of energy in a commercial building is its lighting system, which Darlene Bremer discusses in this month’s Energy Management column on page 86. If you approach a company’s lighting usage on a whole-building basis, you will see that new technologies available lead to energy savings and improved control. However, the last phase of a building’s lighting installation is maintenance.
A maintenance strategy
When you install a high-quality and managed lighting system for a customer, you might have used the approach of reducing the number of fixtures necessary because the added technology actually manages the full system. This is where it is extremely important to keep up the maintenance of this advanced system, and it is an opportune time to offer your customer ongoing maintenance.
Lutron Electronic Co.’s EcoSystem is an example of an advanced/programmable system that would require quality maintenance. With the aid of a personal digital assistant (PDA), you can control the lighting remotely. The products include fixtures with built-in intelligence, which allows turning lights off, adjusting levels of brightness, controlling light levels and/or sensing occupancy. If there is power to the fixture, you can control it. Maintenance for this type of system involves the programming necessary to accommodate the changing needs of the client (e.g., cubicle rearrangements that affect lighting coverage). Offering this kind of maintenance will keep the client happy, your foot in the door and the approval of your client.
Tony Zarzaca, national sales manager for Commercial Systems, Lutron Electronics Co., said, “Lutron systems are designed to be flexible to meet the customer’s changing needs. This flexibility allows the installing electrical contractor to establish a long-term consultative role to ensure clients get the most out of their product as their needs change over time.”
Also, look at maintenance through the eyes of the installing contractor.
“Contractors need to keep their customers up-to-date on what the opportunities are for energy savings; lighting maintenance is one of those opportunities,” said Norma Frank, chairperson for the Illuminating Engineering Society of North America (IESNA) Maintenance Committee, past president of the interNational Association of Lighting Management Companies (NALMCO) and current president of Colorado Lighting in Denver.
Understanding what to maintain comes from learning which technology is embedded in units that control a building’s lighting and knowing how to change it.
Lighting techniques can relate to energy savings, which is important to the customer. Even if a building is only five years old, the lighting systems can be updated to include the latest technology. Some of the latest technologies include occupancy sensors that also control light levels, light emitting diodes (LEDs), programmable ballasts, access through a Web browser, touchscreens and keypads that replace wall switches.
Contractors need to pass on information about these technologies to customers so they can decide if they want to take advantage of them.
Sell your expertise
If the customer decides to incorporate some of these current lighting technologies, the maintenance of these features could fit into your overall maintenance contract for the building.
The training and education you can get from manufacturers or groups such as NALMCO also is something you can point out that contributes to your expertise. Check out the existing lighting associations where education is readily available. NALMCO is a hands-on group that promotes professional lighting management techniques (education) to those who work in this industry. It also works to promote lighting management.
You can also read related text available through IESNA and NALMCO is RP-36-03, “IESNA/NALMCO Planned Indoor Lighting Maintenance,” which “examines common lighting maintenance procedures and the central components of an effective planned maintenance program.” Two of its eight sections are “planned maintenance techniques identifying proactive methods for continuously attaining required illuminance levels” and “designing for maintenance constructing a lighting system that can be serviced without great difficulty.”
As previously mentioned, there are new lighting control systems that you can maintain and that actually save energy for your customers. The systems keep the lights off when the building is empty and can be tweaked to meet changing building needs. The light-level sensors measure ambient light levels and automatically switch breakers or relays on or off to maintain a constant light level.
Benefits for building owners and facilities managers who employ these lighting technologies include improving work environment, stress levels and -productivity.
MICHELSON, president of Jackson, Calif.-based Business Communication Services and publisher of the BCS Reports, is an expert in TIA/EIA performance standards. Contact her at or randm@volcano.net.Dumped On
Well, students, the last Dallas City Council meeting was a bad one for you, but like a lot of bad days, this day was important. I'm speaking to those of you who came down to City Hall from Paul Quinn College to lobby the city council. You wanted to stop the council from hauling more trash to your part of town.
You failed. The council decided it does want to haul more trash to your part of town, despite your objections. This is harsh, I know, but I want to remind you of the most important principle in the Dr. Schutze "Meaning of Everything" motivational lecture. It's always the very first slide in my PowerPoint presentation: What doesn't kill you really pisses you off.
And that's exactly what you need to be right now. Please, allow me to explain to these other people in the audience what this is all about. And, yes, I am wearing a toupee. This is, after all, a motivational lecture. Next slide, please.
Never trust the people who look like you should trust them.
Paul Quinn is a historically black college, 139 years old, relocated from Waco in 1990 to far southern Dallas. It's two miles from the intersection of Interstate 45 and I-20, cheek-by-jowl with the city's mammoth McCommas Bluff Landfill, otherwise known as the dump.
The Paul Quinn campus is on ground formerly occupied by Bishop College, also a historically black school. Common wisdom is that Bishop College failed and went out of business in 1988 because of a lack of support from the white business community. Next slide, please.
Bullshit.
Bishop was practically built with money from the Zale family and other generous white donors. It was pulled apart from the inside by self-seeking black preachers who made off with an utterly unconscionable amount of the school's assets, even including some of its land.
Paul Quinn was moved here to replace Bishop largely through the efforts of Comer Cottrell, a successful black entrepreneur who had relocated to Dallas from Los Angeles in 1980. Cottrell put tough management measures in place to protect the school from the type of looting that took down Bishop.
But the Bishop experience had left a bad taste. Even though there was no tie between the two institutions, the white business establishment was slow to bring support to Quinn, and the southern Dallas black community didn't help much, either, at first. Quinn struggled, stumbling through serial accreditation crises.
In 2007, Michael J. Sorrell was made school president. His background includes an undergraduate degree from Oberlin, a law degree from Duke and a Kennedy fellowship at Harvard. His wife went to Spelman before getting an MBA from the Wharton School. Sorrell is a guy who knows what a good school looks like. Slide, please.
Strides.
Quinn has made dramatic strides under Sorrell's leadership. It has regained partial accreditation and is well on its way to full regional accreditation. Major financial support is flowing again, some from African-American supporters including lawyer Demetris Sampson, who kicked in 50 grand, but also from those mean old white folks, including half a million bucks from the Meadows Foundation and a million dollars from Trammell S. Crow, who is ... next slide, please.
White as a sheet.
Sorrell has done very cool things at the school, like converting the football field to a farm, a valuable resource in an area that is one of urban America's larger "food deserts," if you don't count the dump. I need a snare drum for this.
A couple of months ago, a legal studies student at Quinn named Dexter Evans learned that the city was going to redirect a huge volume of privately hauled trash from suburban dumps outside the city to McCommas Bluff right by the school. Evans began organizing students at Quinn and residents of a nearby neighborhood to oppose the move.
I know enough of Sorrell to know he had to be really concerned about plunging into any kind of politics connected to City Hall. He knows the pitfalls. To his credit he stuck by his students and accompanied four or five dozen of them to last week's council meeting where they held a dignified demonstration outside City Hall and inside the council chamber.
All right, students, back to you. Here's what you didn't know before the meeting. Next slide.
Ph.D.
Before you ever got down to City Hall, young people, the knife was already in your back. Did you notice that before anyone else was allowed to speak to the council from the audience, a hushed chamber awaited the softly mumbled words of one Stephen C. Nash, Ph.D, pastor of Mount Tabor Baptist Church? Yeah, that's right — the church on the corner right by Paul Quinn. The Reverend Nash is president of the Interdenominational Ministerial Alliance, the backbone of the old southern Dallas preacher-ocracy.
You may have had trouble understanding just what Nash was saying. I did not. He spoke in favor of the move to bring more trash to your neighborhood — his neighborhood — but he warned that he would be watching the city very closely to see that it lived up to certain terms.
Terms?
I'm sure you knew about the million dollars. Soon after you students began to stir up opposition, City Manager Mary Suhm announced the creation of an "economic development fund" for Southeast Oak Cliff — your area — in the amount of 6 percent of the new trash dumping revenues at McCommas Bluff, not to exceed a million dollars a year. But a million dollars for whom? To whom would this million go?
Did you listen closely to Mayor Mike Rawlings in last week's trash-hauling debate? If you did, you heard him give a pretty clear clue. He said: "Mount Tabor Church and those citizens have waited long enough in this city for us to get them money."
That would be the Reverend Nash.
"We've got real money here," Rawlings said, "a million dollars."
Rawlings went on at some length about promises he had made when running for mayor. "Excuse me for getting on my soapbox," he said, "but I spent six months of my life campaigning on this thing, and now is the time to put up or shut up." Next slide.
Campaigning on what thing?
Nash endorsed Rawlings for mayor against former Dallas Police Chief David Kunkle, even though few leaders in southern Dallas had ever heard of Rawlings. Kunkle had spent years building extensive grassroots credibility by visiting frequently in the black community and also by helping build a police substation a few miles from Nash's church, but apparently all of that counted for naught.
Perhaps we should drill down a little tighter here on the good reverend's history. In 2002, Nash helped shoot down the senatorial hopes of former Dallas Mayor Ron Kirk, who might have been the state's first black U.S. senator, by sending out a statewide letter to black clergy urging them to hold back their faithful from the polls. Nash was angry that more of Kirk's campaign money hadn't come to him directly instead of filtering though professional political consultants. Nash might disagree with how I'm characterizing this, but since he didn't return my calls, let's just look at his own words.
"In years past," he said in the letter, "the political operatives have gotten paid major dollars to deliver the black vote."
He thought more of that juice should have gone straight to the preachers. Sorry, students. I have to tell this to you the way it is. I said it was a motivational lecture. I didn't say what motivation.
Later Nash led multiple so-called recall campaigns against former Mayor Laura Miller, initially over the firing of former police Chief Terrell Bolton, who had been the city's first black chief. Bolton was an erratic leader who led the police department to its lowest ebb in decades, maybe ever. Nash did such a terrible job organizationally on his recall efforts that almost none of the petition signatures was ever even counted.
You young people are smart. You know how to handle paperwork by now. I think you get the picture. You see why certain people may have been leery, as Nash himself has alleged, of placing large sums of money in his hands. But you know who just changed that for him? You know who turned it around? May I have the next slide, please.
You.
Yeah. I'm sorry. I know this is tough, but you know what? As I always like to remind young people in my motivational lectures, you must not fear the storm, yea, nor even the shipwreck. It's the damned sharks.
On September 6 of this year, the Reverend Nash sent a letter to Tennell Atkins, the city council person for your part of town, in which he said a number of things that seemed not to make sense, at least on the surface. He said, "It is ironic that beyond the new University of North Texas Dallas campus and the Dallas Police Department substation the best opportunity for economic development is a waste dump."
Then the very next thing he said in the same letter was, "I'm confident that this trash can be recycled into treasure to the direct benefit of the surrounding community."
What's he talking about? What treasure? On the second page of his letter, Nash mentions certain "defined irrevocable revenue-sharing." That would be the million dollars — the same million mentioned by the mayor as part of what he had "campaigned on for six months." The same million the mayor said Mount Tabor Church had been waiting for. Come to think of it, it may be the same million I've been waiting for. Damn!
Last slide, the one with a crude drawing of a student with a knife in his back.
The guy you worry about is the one standing next toFacundo Ezequiel Nogueiras Ranking (ARG)
Country: Argentina, Category: Junior, Boys
Profile | Ranking | Results | Statistics
No ITF Junior or Professional ranking for Facundo Ezequiel Nogueiras.
If you are a player featured in CoreTennis, you can get in touch with us to have more information and your pictures published on your profile
A deeper look into the interrogation of Russell Williams
CTV.ca News Staff
Published Friday, October 22, 2010 2:16PM EDT
Last Updated Saturday, May 19, 2012 3:00AM EDT
The video showing the interrogation of convicted sex killer Russell Williams is a window into the way skilled investigators use psychology to extract confessions, experts say.
A condensed video of the 10-hour interrogation that pried loose a confession from the former CFB Trenton commander was shown in a Belleville, Ont., court this week.
OPP Det. Sgt. Jim Smyth, a veteran investigator, is the other man seen in the video.
He is the detective who was tasked with confronting Williams about his crimes.
The video begins with Smyth telling Williams why he has been called in to speak with police.
Smyth speaks in a friendly tone and tells Williams that he appreciates his co-operation in the matter.
At this stage, Williams flashes an occasional grin and chews gum.
Mark Mendelson, a retired homicide investigator, said Williams has the air of someone who does not think he is about to get caught.
"He just thought he was going to outsmart everybody else and talk his way right out of it," Mendelson told CTV Toronto after viewing the video of the confession.
Smyth gets down to business by slowly revealing to Williams what police have found out about the murders of Jessica Lloyd and Cpl. Marie-France Comeau, as well as the attacks on two women from Tweed, Ont.
Several hours pass by and Smyth makes it increasingly clear there is heavy suspicion surrounding Williams.
"We need to have some honesty, okay? Because this is, this is getting out of control really fast, Russell. Really fast," Smyth tells Williams, shortly before he confesses.
The fact that Smyth calls him "Russell" is significant, said Mendelson, because it puts the detective and Williams on an even playing field.
"That hierarchy's gone now, that special status is gone. So that brings him down," said Mendelson.
A killer cracks
Retired OPP investigator Dave Perry said it is compelling to watch as Smyth calmly presses Williams on his links to the crimes.
"I just watched as they peeled the layers away and started presenting evidence, and found it quite fascinating the way it sort of segued into a confession," Perry told CTV's Canada AM in a recent interview.
Perry said you can see the growing discomfort registering on Williams' face as he is confronted with more and more damning evidence.. The looming DNA test that will inevitably identify him as being a killer.
Perry said the killer's body language reveals that his defeat is beginning to sink in.
"The non-verbals are ringing loud and clear on this one. He is leaning forward, he's actually nodding in agreement with everything that's being said to him," he said.
Williams hunches his shoulders. He stays silent for long periods of time.
It's at this point where Williams "is absorbing everything that's just been said to him and that's for the first time that he knows that he's caught," Perry said.
Mendelson said it's a moment where Williams realizes he has "nowhere to go."
Eventually, Williams reveals that he is concerned about the fact the OPP will soon be "tearing apart my wife's brand new house."
Smyth says there is a way to minimize the pain, which starts "by telling the truth."
Soon after, Williams tells Smyth to get a map. Over the next few hours he admits to the murders and rapes he committed while holding down his day-job as the commander of Canada's largest air force base.
A successful strategy
Experts who have watched the video are impressed with the way Smyth handled the interrogation.
"It's a smart man, outsmarted by a smarter man," OPP Det. Insp. Chris Nicholas told reporters in Belleville earlier this week.
Perry, who previously worked on cases with Smyth, said the OPP investigator used a "classic way of presenting evidence" during the interrogation.
"When the first piece of evidence was presented, (Williams) started to say: ‘I don't understand' and all that," said Perry.
Perry said that's when Smyth takes control and repeatedly suggests that the evidence points to Williams as the killer.
Brent Snook, a forensic psychologist and professor at Memorial University, said Smyth's interview was highly professional and non-confrontational in nature. He used rational arguments to convince Williams that he had been caught.
Snook said this type of approach relies on having an officer build a rapport with the suspect and listen carefully to what is said.
In the Williams interview, it became clear that his relationship with his wife was very important, which Smyth keyed into when he offered him the chance to minimize the impact on his spouse.
Retired homicide investigator Steve Roberts told The Canadian Press that investigators such as Smyth always try to find a suspect's weakness and use it to their advantage.
That's why investigators will typically study up on their subject before entering the interrogation room, carefully reviewing the items found in police searches.
They look for a way to open up a suspect and to get them to start talking.
Roberts said he once "cracked a guy from the Hells Angels because in his wallet were pictures of his dog and his dog was the most important thing in his life."
But he said some suspects need to see hard evidence before they will open up.
That suggests that Smyth had two possible levers to pull in the Williams interrogation: a growing mountain of evidence and Williams' concern about his wife's reaction to the news that she was married to a killer.
Elliot Leyton, a Memorial University professor who has authored several studies on serial killers, said Williams "is intelligent enough to know that they had him."
He suspects Williams would have weighed the judicial process that lay ahead when making his decision to confess.
"He didn't want any more public shaming than he could avoid, I assume, and therefore he made a decision to bail out now, avoid the trial, avoid the public shaming, avoid the whole excruciating process of humiliation that was set up for him," Leyton told The Canadian Press this week.
With files from The Canadian PressMasonic Temple Detroit Postcard
Click thumbnails for expanded view.
- $6.00
- Quantity Available: 1
Masonic Temple Detroit Postcard. This is card #201, linen , postmarked 1958, of the Masonic Temple of Detroit Michigan. On the back it reads, Detroits New Masonic Temple is unparalleled among the structures devoted to Masonic purposes. United News Co., Detroit Mi. Genuine Curteich-Chicago C T Art Colortone Post Card. Postally used and Postmarked28
- Quantity
- 1
- Category
- Books, Paper & Magazines
- Department
- Collectibles
- Year
- 1958
- Dimensions
- Width: 0 inch
- Height: 0 inch
- Depth: 0 inch
- Weight: 0 pound
-
- Condition
- Excellent----- Original Message ----- > From: "Adam Lanier" <adam@stripped> > > What is the recommended course of action to keep data synchronized > between the two platforms? Not an easy one, I think :-) For simple one-shot copies the MySQL Connector for ODBC should do fine. I'm not sure if you can set up a continuous or batched replication job towards non-SQL server tables, it's been too long since I played with it. I vaguely recall reading something about some tool that might do it, but I really don't have any idea what it was or where I saw that. Maybe someone else knows? -- Bier met grenadyn Is als mosterd by den wyn Sy die't drinkt, is eene kwezel Hy die't drinkt, is ras een ezelCEO Debra Sukin: Expanding St. Luke's The Woodlands Hospital With Heart
As CEO of St. Luke's The Woodlands, Ms. Sukin oversees multiple healthcare facilities on one campus: Texas Children's Hospital, The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center and the Texas Heart Institute at St. Luke's Episcopal Hospital.
In 2005, she led the development of the heart program at St. Luke's The Woodlands that brought the first open-heart surgery to the hospital. The hospital has since received Pathway to Excellence designation from the American Nurses Credentialing Center and certifications in chest pain and primary stroke. The hospital has also doubled its bed capacity, and has been named one of the best regional hospitals in Houston.
In addition to serving the St. Luke's system, Ms. Sukin finds time to serve her community. She is as a member of the Texas Hospital Association Council on Policy Development and actively speaks for South Montgomery County/Woodlands Chamber of Commerce. Ms. Sukin is also a member of the American College of Healthcare Executives. In 2010, she was recognized with the Regent's Early Careerist Healthcare Executive Award.
More Articles on CEO Profiles:
CEO Dr. Robert Laskowski: Providing More Than Charity Care to Delaware Community
CEO Douglas Arnold: Focuses on Physician Recruitment to Improve Patient Care at Helen Keller Hospital
CEO Delos "Toby" Cosgrove: Leader &.Hello,
Do any of you guys train up here in VA?
Thanks
Lyds
We are pretty much on our own out here in the Sterling/ Ashburn area. I joined DC Tri when I worked in DC but have since moved jobs out here by where I live. If you find anyone else out this way, let me know. Maybe we can get a NoVa group started.
Kizer
Awesome. I'll see who might be in our neck of the woods. I'm in Fairfax, Fair Oaks area. It would be awesome to grow a group out here. Do you think DC Tri would mind if we had an outpost out here :)
Lyds,
We're all over the place. Some would even say, we errrwhere.
Just like we have a close-knit sect up in MoCo, MD (Montgomery County, not as far as Gaithersburg, MD, which is actually in West Virginia), there is a scattering of club members in Far-fax and other counties outside of the Beltway. Sounds like you're volunteering to be a training ambassador to get out members involved out there! Start a thread, like this one, and get something going!
Email training@dctriclub.org if you're interested in organizing some regular group sessions. DC Tri unit!
Or just train on your own. Doesn't matter, just have fun.
WOW, that's great. I would love to have regular training sessions out here. I do train on my own (for my first tri in October), would love to meet some DC Tri minions out here in Far-Fax.
Thanks for sharing.
Well, I live in Oakton (pretty close to fair oaks and running distance to W&OD) and work on Tysons so I end up doing like 90% of my training on Fairfax, sign me up for that group :)
You got it. I just emailed Adam to see what I need to do to get something going here. I'll definitely have a thread going once I get some traction.
Just replied to you Lydia. ;-)
Sounds like there will be a "Fairfax area Tri Training" thread coming out soon that people can subscribe to. Good stuff and thanks for stepping up Lydia!
- Adam
I ride the Fairfax County Parkway every now and then so if you guys start a group in this area (Fort Belvoir, Springfield, Lorton, Burke) I want in!Is There Added Value In XHTML To Search Engine Spiders? 8. December 2007 Colin Cochrane SEO, HTML, XHTML, XML (2) The use of XHTML in the context of SEO is a matter of debate. The consensus tends to be that using XHTML falls into the category of optimization efforts that provide certain benefits for the site as a whole (extensibility, ability to use XSL transforms) but offers little or no added value in the eyes of the search engines. That being said, as the number of pages that search engine spiders have to crawl continues to increase every day, the limits to how much the spiders can crawl are being tested. This has been recognized by SEOs and is reflected in efforts to trim page sizes down to make a site more appealing to the spiders. Now it is time to start considering the significant benefits that a well-formed XHTML document can potentially offer to search engine spiders. Parsing XML is faster than parsing HTML for one simple reason: XML documents are expected to be well-formed. This saves the parser from having to spend the extra overhead involved in "filling in the blanks" with a non-valid document. Dealing with XML also opens the door to the use of speedy languages like XPath that provide fast and straightforward access to any given part of an XML document. For instance, consider the following XHTML document: <?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" ?> <!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" ""> <html xmlns="" xml: <head> <title>My XHTML Document</title> <meta name="description" content="This is my XHTML document."/> </head> <body> <div> <h1>This is my XHTML document!</h1> <p>Here is some content.</p> </div> </body> </html> Now let's say we wanted to grab the contents of the title element from this document. If we were to parse it as straight HTML we'd probably use a regular expression such as "<title>([^<]*)</title>" (As a quick aside, I want to clarify that HTML parsers are quite advanced and don't simply use regular expressions to read a document). In Visual Basic the code to accomplish this would look like: Imports System.Text.RegularExpressions Class MyParser Function GetTitle(ByRef html As String) As String Return RegEx.Match(html,"<title>([^<]*)</title>").Groups(1).Value End Function End Class If we were to use XPath, on the other hand, we would get something like this: Imports System.Xml Class MyParser Function GetTitle(ByRef reader As XmlReader) As String Dim doc As New XPath.XPathDocument(reader) Dim navigator As XPath.XPathNavigator = doc.CreateNavigator Return navigator.SelectSingleNode("/head/title").Value End Function End Class Don't let the amount of code fool you. While the first example uses 1 line of code to accomplish what takes the second example 3 lines, the real value comes when dealing with a non-trivial document. The first method would need enumerate the elements in the document, which would involve either very complex regular expressions with added logic (because regular expressions are not best suited for parsing HTML), or the added overhead necessary for an existing HTML parser to accurately determine how the document "intended" to be structured. Using XPath is a simple matter of using a different XPath expression for the "navigator.SelectSingleNode" method. With that in mind, I constructed a very basic test to see what kind of speed differences we'd be looking at between HTML parsing and XML (using XPath) parsing. The test was simple: I created a well-formed XHTML document consisting of a title element, meta description and keywords elements, 150 paragraphs of Lorum Ipsum, 1 <h1> element, 5 <h2> elements, 10 <h3> elements and 10 anchor elements scattered throughout the document. The test consisted of two methods, one using XPath, and one using Regular Expressions. The task of each method was to simply iterate through every element in the document once, and repeat this task 10000 times while being timed. Once completed it would spit out the elapsed time in milliseconds that it took to complete. The test was kept deliberately simple because the results are only meant to very roughly illustrate the performance differences between the two methods. It was by no means an exhaustive performance analysis and should not be considered as such. That being said, I ran the test 10 times and averaged the results for each method, resulting in the following: XML Parsing (Using XPATH) - 13ms HTML Parsing (Using RegEx) - 1852ms As I said, these results are very rough, and meant to illustrate the difference between the two methods rather than the exact times. These results should, however, give you something to consider in respect to the potential benefits of XHTML to a search engine spider. We don't know how search engine spiders are parsing web documents, and that will likely never change. We do know that search engines are constantly refining their internal processes, including spider logic, and with the substantial performance beneifts of XML parsing, it doesn't seem too far-fetched to think that the search engines might have their spiders capitilizing on well-formed XHTML documents with faster XML parsing, or are at least taking a very serious look at implementing that functionality in the near future. If you consider even a performance improvement of only 10ms, when you multiply that against the tens of thousands of pages being spidered every day, those milliseconds add up very quickly.MONTE-CARLO ROLEX MASTERS 2014
A First For Stan: How The Monte-Carlo Final Was Won
Monte-Carlo, Monaco
by Josh Meiseles|
20.04.2014
World No. 3 Stanislas Wawrinka rallied from an early deficit to defeat countryman Roger Federer 4-6, 7-6(5), 6-2 for the Monte-Carlo Rolex Masters title on Sunday.
"I did see I was playing good tennis," said Wawrinka. ."
Watch Wawrinka Hot Shot
Watch Final On Demand | TV Schedule
The all-Swiss clash was the first in an ATP World Tour final since 2000 Marseille, when Marc Rosset defeated Federer. Wawrinka captured his first ATP World Tour Masters 1000 trophy in his third final, having previously fallen to Novak Djokovic in Rome in 2008 and Rafael Nadal in Madrid last year. Federer, a 21-time Masters 1000 champion was seeking a maiden Monte-Carlo crown, his eighth different title at the level.
The No. 3 spot in the Emirates ATP Rankings was on the line as well, with Wawrinka avoiding relinquishing the career-high position he has held since winning the Australian Open in January.
Federer still owns a dominant 13-2 advantage in the pair’s FedEx ATP Head2Head series. Wawrinka's first victory came in their first meeting at the Monte-Carlo Country Club in 2009. The third seed had since dropped all eight sets contested on clay.
Here is how the final unfolded.
FIRST SET – Federer 6-4
A packed Monte-Carlo Country Club, including Prince Albert of Monaco, World No. 10 Milos Raonic and fashion icon Tommy Hilfiger, welcomed the Swiss duo to one of the grandest and most picturesque stages on the ATP World Tour.
Federer applied immediate pressure to Wawrinka’s serve, earning a break point in the opening game of the match behind a strong return performance. The third-seed would calm his nerves to hold.
Wawrinka began dictating with his backhand on Federer’s serve and would garner a break point of his own, while returning up 2-1. He opened the game with a brilliantly constructed point, capped by a perfectly placed drop volley to the open court, but was unable to snatch the early initiative with Federer staving off the lone break opportunity.
As Wawrinka’s first serve percentage began to dip, Federer refused to relent to his close friend, stepping inside the baseline and attacking his countryman’s serve with conviction. The former World No. 1 would capitalise, grabbing the break for a 3-2 advantage when Wawrinka sent a backhand long, an uncharacteristic sixth unforced error off his preferred wing. The Lausanne native was broken for the first time after 29 consecutive service games held this week.
After being pushed to deuce in the very next game, Federer would consolidate for 4-2 with a service winner fired out wide and a successful serve and volley venture. A 0/30 look would also be denied by the three-time Monte-Carlo finalist two games later.
Federer maintained the pressure from the baseline in the latter stages of the set, as he continued to dictate off both wings. He would capture the opening set 6-4 after 42 minutes when Wawrinka sent a backhand return long.
SECOND SET – Wawrinka 7-6(5)
Wawrinka would not be deterred by the disappointing first set, earning an immediate break for 2-0 off a loose Federer service game, in which the Basel native served at just 33 per cent.
On cue, Federer dug in his heels, breaking back to love after firing a sensational running backhand down the line, passing an equally aggressive Wawrinka at the net.
As the World No. 3’s backhand unforced error count crept into double digits, he was unable to convert on a pair of break point chances in the fourth game. Wawrinka struggled to inject significant pace on his signature backhand passing shots in the heavier conditions. Federer successfully employed his serve and volley tactic in crucial moments throughout the match and this game was no different, holding for 2-2.
The skies would open during the following changeover, with Wawrinka leading 3-2, with a brief delay ensuing. The rain shower eventually passed and so would yet another opportunity to break, as Federer rallied from 15/30 to hold behind his 13th net point won.
With the business end of the set nearing, the boisterous partisan Swiss crowd would not be disappointed by the level of play from both competitors and the drama that would ensue.
Both players remained on serve through the 12th game and a tie-break was needed to decide the set. Wawrinka garnered the early mini-break edge for 4-1 behind a barrage of deep shots off the ground and would maintain his composure to earn a trio of set points at 6-3. He would convert on his third, pounding an overhead smash to pull even.
THIRD SET – Wawrinka 6-2
The match turned in an instant. Wawrinka experienced a surge of energy in the third set, efficiently attacking Federer’s serve and breaking immediately for the early lead.
As Federer’s aggressiveness quotient began to dip, Wawrinka pressed for a second break, which he would secure with a remarkable angle-abusing cross-court backhand winner. The smooth, crisp ball striking that had abandoned him in the early stages would become a staple of his increasingly aggressive game, holding for a seemingly insurmountable 4-0 lead.
Federer would have no answer for his compatriot, struggling to make in-roads in Wawrinka’s serve before eventually falling behind 1-5.
Wawrinka would clinch his first ATP World Tour Masters 1000 title 4-6, 7-6(5), 6-2 on his first match point after two hours and 13 minutes, firing five aces, 32 total winners and breaking Federer's serve three times.
Facebook Fans
Search News
Related News
- Nadal Drawn In Same Quarter As Djokovic At Roland Garros
- Federer Flies Into Roland Garros On Grand Slam Streak
- Wawrinka Looking For Good Week In Geneva
- Djokovic Wins Fourth Rome Crown; Fourth Masters 1000 Title Of 2015
- How The Rome Final Was Won: Dominant Djokovic
- Watch Hot Shot: Federer's PrecisionEupatorium eugenei Small; E. pectinatum Small
Perennials, 40–100+ cm. Stems (from short caudices) single, densely branched distally, puberulent throughout. Leaves opposite (proximal) or alternate (nodes often appearing leafy, lateral buds develop leaves without axis elongation); sessile; blades (usually 1–2-pinnately or ternately lobed) or lobes pinnately nerved or 1-nerved, linear, 20–100 × 0.5–1.5 mm, bases narrowly cuneate to attenuate, margins entire or serrate, apices acute, faces puberulent, gland-dotted. Heads in subcorymbiform to subpaniculiform arrays. Phyllaries 10–12 in 2–3 series, elliptic to oblong, 1–3.5 × 0.5–1 mm, apices acute to acuminate, shortly mucronate, abaxial faces puberulent, gland-dotted. Florets 7–9; corollas 2–2.5 mm. Cypselae 1–1.5 mm; pappi of 20–30 bristles 2.5–3 mm. 2n = 20.
Flowering Aug–Oct. Dry to wet areas, roadsides, around ponds, open pine woods; 20–100 m; Ala., Fla., La., Miss., S.C., Tex., Va.
Eupatorium ×pinnatifidum has been suggested to represent a series of recurrent hybrids between E. capillifolium or E. compositifolium and E. perfoliatum; molecular data, in addition to confirming that this combination occurs, also show that E. serotinum rather than E. perfoliatum is the second parent in at least some plants included in E. ×pinnatifidum.BREAK IN TRANSCRIPT
Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, America's Family Farmers have built the most productive agriculture sector in the world and this abundance helps feed not only our nation, but also the world.
Family farms are truly based on the family where each generation trains the succeeding generation.
Last year the Department of Labor tried to inject itself into the family farm by proposing onerous new regulations that would have basically denied family farmers the ability to train the next generation of farmers.
Some would have you believe that the Labor Department was just looking out for children, but does anyone truly believe that a bureaucrat in Washington cares more about a family's children than their parents, or aunts and uncles, or their grandparents?
Faced with overwhelming opposition earlier to this overreach the Department of Labor withdrew the proposed regulations and went back to the drawing board. The legislation we are considering today would stop these regulations in their tracks and keep the bureaucrats from getting between family farmers and their children.
I urge my colleagues to support the heritage of the family farm and join me in passing this legislation.
BREAK IN TRANSCRIPT
Source:Summer Lovin’ at the Beach Share this:Print I grew up just steps away from a black sand beach on the Big Island of Hawaii. Needless to say, there are very few Memorial Day holidays that I have not spent soaking up the sun on a stretch of sand somewhere in the world. Old habits die hard. Whereas I hold the beaches of Hawaii near to my heart, I have spent many summers sprawled out on other sandy spots that you too might consider exploring in the coming months: The Hamptons: If you can’t escape the East Coast this summer, then at least get your tan on somewhere besides Central Park. New York’s ritzy Hamptons is known for its beautiful beaches and lively nightlife. The area also boasts top-rated restaurants and charming boutiques that will suck your wallet dry. Panama City: You can’t write a blog about beaches without mentioning at least one Florida hot spot. Panama City is among the most popular beaches in the entire country thanks to its sugar soft white sand and emerald green waters. Another plus for this 27-mile stretch of summer fun are the daily visits from loggerhead turtles that come ashore to lay eggs from May to October. Michigan: I currently reside in Wisconsin, so I would be remiss not to include at least one beach in the region. Among my favorites is the shoreline of Michigan’s Upper Peninsula. The family-friendly vacation destination boasts 1700 miles of shoreline along three of the Great Lakes. While the sand and surf are a far cry from Hawaii’s, the U.P.’s beaches are great spots for canoeing, fishing and camping. Coronado Beach: In 2002 I took my first trip to Coronado Island near San Diego and I haven’t forgotten it since. The West Coast beach offers incredible views of the southern California city, but its secluded location is what I found most appealing. You need to drive across the San Diego Bay Bridge or hop on a ferry to get there. Once you hit the sand, you are left to enjoy the peace and tranquility of this pristine beach. Related Articles: All-American Family Vacation Destinations Red Hot Reno Sizzles in the Summer Reasons to Visit Chicago During the Summer Months Summer Travel: Tourism Heats Up in New York Summer in New York–Family Friendly Cultural Choices Summer Lovin': New York and Las Vegas “Taste of Chicago”-The Ultimate Food FestivalChrist.
Of course, even in the liturgical calendar, the season points ahead to Christmas. Advent genuinely is adventual ”a time before , a looking forward ”and it lacks meaning without Christmas. But maybe Christmas, in turn, lacks meaning without Advent. All those daily readings from Isaiah, filled with visions of things yet to be, a constant barrage of the future tense: And it shall come to pass . . . And there shall come forth . . . A kind of longing pervades the Old Testament selections read in church over the weeks before Christmas”an anxious, almost sorrowful litany of hope only in what has not yet come. Zephaniah. Judges. Malachi. Numbers. I shall see him, but not now: I shall behold him, but not nigh: There shall come a star out of Jacob, and a scepter shall rise out of Israel ....
For a similar reason, the memoir of childhood has become the dominant form of Christmas writing. Often beautiful”from Dylan Thomas’ “A Child’s Christmas in Wales” to Lillian Smith’s Memories of a Large Christmas ”those”anticipation”ah, the nostalgia of the childhood memoir”IChoose your preferred language. We speak English (US) and 41 other languages.
Most often used by people in the United States
All languages
FREE cancellation on most rooms!
Instant confirmation when you reserve
See where others are staying...
Road 982 Km 11.3, 00738 Fajardo, Puerto Rico
Exceptional
Score from 12 reviews
# 52 Parcelas Beltrán, Puerto Real, 00740 Fajardo, Puerto Rico
Very good
Score from 311 reviews
Carretera 982 KM 11.3, 00738 Fajardo, Puerto Rico
Urb. La Roca Street E, #934, 00738 Fajardo, Puerto Rico
375-B Union St, 00738 Fajardo, Puerto Rico
Urb. Las Gaviotas, 00738 Fajardo, Puerto Rico
Very good
Score from 29 reviews
“The Fajardo Inn is an excellent place to go.”
“The apartment was absolutely beautiful..and the balcony over looking the ocean was just BREATHTAKING! Beach, entertainment, GREAT food and playground are literally 3 minutes away. We very much enjoyed our stay and more so, Love the owners. Noemi (Owner) makes you feel at right at home. Hats off to her for establishing such a Gorgeous space.”
“The staff here was amazing. Very friendly and inviting. Made the stay very pleasant.”
“very spacious condo. Everything we would need was provided. We traveled with children between the ages 4-14. It was like home for them. The apartment had a view if a marina that opened to the ocean and we can see several islands. We would definitely stay again.”
“The property managers were wonderful personable people and the property was amazing! I could not believe we found luxury accommodations for such a great price. Planning to return this summer and I will definitely stay here again. We traveled around PR for a month and these accommodations were the best by far!”
“I loved the room, the shops, the pools and the fact that you can take a boat to their own activity packed island!! The waterpark was perfect for my 6 and 14 year olds! Also loved the shops on the marina and good food choices!! The sampler platter in the restaurant in the hotel by the arcade is awesome!!!!”
“The room was newly renovated and clean. All appliances were in good, working condition and toiletries acceptable. Definitely a place for those who like a cheap hotel.”
“As advertised, this remote, family-run place is 100% off the grid (rainwater & solar). The father greeted our arrival, and the son cooked us a lovely dinner. The well-placed hotel signs helped confirm we were heading in the right direction.”
“Fajardo Inn has a great price because it's a "parador". And even though it's an "Inn", don't let it fool you. The place is HUGE with a billion facilities (Gym, spa, restaurants, pools, tenis courts, etc.) and things to do. The location is perfect if you're interested in going to Vieques or Culebra since the Ferry for both islands is only 1 mile away.”
“Apartment set up Hotel Manager was very helpful Close to Bio bay Restaurants.Hi All,
I have been searching the web for a Canvas Messenger Bag (of which, there are hundreds), but with a Chest Strap.
I know that there are tons of Nylon/Synthetic/etc. bags from Timbuk2, R.E.Load and many others that have the additional chest strap, but I wanted one in Canvas (or, possibly, Leather).
So, any recs for one that is, hopefully, under $70? (Or, a leather one under, say, $100.)
Thank you in advance.GREENFIELD, Mass. (WWLP) – Greenfield police are soliciting help from the public as they continue their effort to find a woman who has been missing since late February.
Rebecca Streeter was last seen near her Camp Road apartment on February 25. Her car keys, phone, and wallet were all later found at her home. The 35 year-old had recently lost a young sister in a tragic way, and her family members expressed concern that her disappearance could have been related to that.
Residents and police searched the neighborhood around the Greenfield Center School, but found no trace of her. A search was also conducted by water, as police looked along the Deerfield and Connecticut Rivers, to no avail.
Police and loved ones have not given up hope, however. On Monday, police posted a reminder about the case on their official Facebook page. Another Facebook page has also been set up about the Streeter disappearance, seeking to raise awareness about the case, and encouraging people to send tips to police.
If you have any information about the Rebecca Streeter case, please call Greenfield Police at (413) 773-5411.Arthritis & Rheumatism, Volume 62,
November 2010 Abstract Supplement
Abstracts of the American College of
Rheumatology/Association of Rheumatology Health Professionals
Annual Scientific Meeting
Atlanta, Georgia November 6-11, 2010.
Oral N-acetylcysteine in the Treatment of Raynaud's Phenomenon Secondary to Systemic Sclerosis: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial.
Correa2, Marcelo José Uchoa, Mariz3, Henrique A., Andrade3, Luis Eduardo Coelho, Kayser1, Cristiane
Universidade Federal de São Palo, Brazil
Universidade Federal de São Paulo, São Paulo, Brazil
Universidade Federal de São Paulo, Brazil
Purpose:
Intravenous N-acetylcysteine has been suggested to be useful in the treatment of Raynaud's phenomenon (RP) in patients with systemic sclerosis (SSc). This study aimed to evaluate the safety and the efficacy of oral N-acetylcysteine on the digital skin microvascular blood flow in patients with RP secondary to SSc.
Methods:
This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial with 42 patients with RP secondary to SSc. Patients were randomly assigned to receive oral N-acetylcysteine 600 mg three times daily or placebo three times daily for 4 weeks. Primary outcome was changes in digital skin microvascular blood flow before and after cold stimulus (CS) using laser Doppler imaging (LDI) at baseline and at week 4. Frequency of Raynaud's attacks, RP severity visual analog scale (VAS), RP pain VAS, and the number of digital ulcers were also evaluated at baseline and at week 4.
Results:
21 SSc patients (mean age 45.6±9.5 years) were randomly assigned to receive oral N-acetylcysteine and 21 patients (mean age 45.0±12.7 years), to receive placebo. Oral N-acetylcysteine was generally well tolerated, and at the end of 4 weeks nobody discontinue the treatment. There were no significant changes in digital skin blood flow measured by LDI before or after CS following 4 weeks of N-acetylcysteine or placebo. Both groups showed significant improvement of the frequency of Raynaud's attacks, RP severity VAS, and RP pain VAS after 4 weeks of treatment, with no difference between groups. There was no significant change in the number of digital ulcers in both groups after placebo or N-acetylcysteine treatment.
Conclusions:
Oral N-acetylcysteine did not demonstrate increase on the digital skin blood flow measured by laser Doppler imaging in this short-time study in patients with SSc. Oral N-acetylcysteine was not significantly better than placebo in improving severity of RP in patients with RP secondary to SSc.
To cite this abstract, please use the following information:
Correa, Marcelo José Uchoa, Mariz, Henrique A., Andrade, Luis Eduardo Coelho, Kayser, Cristiane; Oral N-acetylcysteine in the Treatment of Raynaud's Phenomenon Secondary to Systemic Sclerosis: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial. [abstract]. Arthritis Rheum 2010;62 Suppl 10 :579
DOI: 10.1002/art.28348Taliban Hunter Aslam Martyred [Update]
Mohammd Aslam Khan 52, popularly known as Taliban-hunter SP, head of Extremist Cell of CID, Karachi was killed by the Taliban on Thursday. He and three other policemen accompanying him were killed instantly when an improvised explosive device (IED) exploded on the route his special bullet-proof SUV was traveling on. The Taliban hailed his death […]
Zahra Shahid Hussain assassinated in Karachi
A […]August 16th, 1999
Hook Keepers
You know what they are, the
little tiny loop, ring, guide-type-thing
on the butt of your fly rod just above the handle. Some are free swinging, some solid; they serve no useful purpose whatsoever. And now you want to argue with me, right? Before you do, let me at least try to defend my position on this
worthless and dangerous left over from the dark ages doo-dad.
(I have seen beginners thread their fly-line through it)
In the past it was used to hook the fly onto. It kept the fly from dangling while one changed places on the stream, and very importantly, it kept the leader straight. No bends or kinks. Great idea. But what should one do if the leader is twelve feet long and the rod is only nine feet long? If you use the 'hook-keeper,' you put a 360 degree bend in your leader at the tip-top?
So what do most do? They bring the leader out of the rod tip a little and then take a turn around the reel and back up to convenient line guide. This does not put a sharp kink in the leader; experience leads one to this method. It works better. Do the rod-makers keep putting the goofy little things on? You bet they do. Can they do it for nothing? Not a chance; guess who pays for it? Right, you do. A tip of the FAOL hat to the first rod maker who leaves it off and for the right reason.
They are dangerous;
they can cause you pain.
Here's how it happened to me:
In South Dakota, the Ladyfisher, Al Campbell, and I were fishing a small stream. The idea to switch rods came up and of course we did for a short while. As we finished and were walking back along a tote road, we returned rods to the correct owners. I did not check whether the fly was in the 'hook-keeper' on my rod when I got it back from Al. We were chatting and having a fine time. You know that a fly rod does not balance when you hold it by the handle. As I walked along, I automatically jumped my right hand to the area above the handle to balance the rods weight.
I was now firmly attached to my fly rod,
via the 'hook-keeper,' and it's never-before-held contents.
No one likes to look completely stupid, and as Al had just taken a fast right turn off the road to fish one last pool, I was able to
nonchalantly rip the @$#&* #16 fly
out of my index finger. Yes, index finger, I carry my rod pointed backwards, saves on breakage if I stumble. A fast wrap with my handkerchief and by the time Al came up from the stream most of the blood had stopped. I pocketed the 'tourniquet,' and by applying some minor pressure was able to continue on to the car for the return ride to the campground.
Years ago I quit using the 'hook-keeper.' It never occurred to me to check if the fly was in it when I got my rod back.
'Experience,'
yes, that's the thing that tells me I have just done the same dumb thing, again.
~Bliss: Still Not Enough Jobs for Economic Growth
Oct. 5 (Bloomberg) -- Cuttone & Co.'s Keith Bliss reacts to today's jobs numbers and talks about the impact it may have on the markets. He speaks on Bloomberg Television's "In The Loop." (Source: Bloomberg)
Most Recent Videos
BOJ Policies May Now Be Counterproductive: Bevan
28)Quick Search
Categories
New Business & Franchise Opportunities
Start your own business with our list of the latest franchise opportunities for sale. Get details on franchise fees, trends, and other information that will help you find the right business franchise opportunities to buy. Simply click on the franchises below and request more information.
AAMCO Transmissions & Total Car CareAAMCO is an iconic brand performing automotive repair services and maintenance. Request Info
Pronto InsurancePronto Insurance developed a unique approach and now has over 125 agencies throughout Texas. Request Info
Snap FitnessProven concept. Affordable Investment. Financing available. World-class support. Simple process. Request Info
7-Eleven, Inc.Franchising is easy with 7-Eleven®. We're a top five franchisor, known and loved worldwide. Request Info
Best in Class Education CenterBest in Class is a top-tier educational center that has built a curriculum around strong critical-thought. Our programs emphasize student mastery and long-term retention and, as a result, academic success both in and out of the classroom. Request Info
Floor Coverings InternationalHome Services, Flooring, Low Cost Businesses, Restoration, Mobile Services, Business Opportunities, Construction & Repair Request Info
Image360Image360 Signage>Graphics>Displays Enter the Exciting and Creative World of Graphic Communications Request Info
Papa Murphy's Take 'N' Bake PizzaOur unique Take N Bake pizza concept offers simple operations with an award winning product. Request Info
_9<<
Taste Buds KitchenCooking Events for Kids, Families and Adults in your custom-designed Kitchen Studio. Let's Get Cooking! Request Info
Nationwide Career Events - Los Angeles Job Fair
- Business & Professional
- 6225 West Century Blvd, Los Angeles, CA, 90045
This event is presented by Mellissa Tong, Speaker, Founder & CEO of DuckPunk Productions, Inc..
After finding out “your big why”, the next challenge is “speaking your big why”. Companies who don’t incorporate “their big why” into their core marketing message are losing out. Nowadays, consumers don’t just buy on price anymore, especially Millennials, they like to know that they’re buying into something that has a meaning to them.
With “your big why” as your core message, you can engage your customers emotionally and build brand passion. With “your big why”, you customers will buy you because of you, and not your price.
Now that you figured out and are able to speak “your big why”, the next challenge is marketing “your big why”. This can be achieved through many different areas, such as online promotion, flyers, word-of-mouth, and so on, but the most influencing and efficient way is video marketing. We all know that a picture is worth a thousand words, so moving pictures are worth a million words.
By the end of the seminar, you will be able to speak from your heart, and successfully incorporate "your big why" into your marketing message, and that's how you stand out from your competitors.
Mellissa Tong is the creator and speaker of the over-sought seminar "finding, speaking, and marketing your big why". She believes by only getting to the core of what drives you and your business, you then have the ability to sustain your business under any economic challenges.
"I believe in a new way of advertising. The old way of selling just doesn't work anymore. No matter how special your product or service is, there will also be someone selling for less." Ms. Tong firmly believes that "purpose-driven" marketing is the way of the future, especially when it comes to attracting the millenniual customers.
Ms. Tong has won numberous awards for her work, such as Clio, Addy, Tellly, and has worked with mutiple fortune 500 companies such as Verizon, Wells Fargo, Walmart, the California Department of Health, just to name a few. She founded DuckPunk Productions, Inc. in 2000 and has helped her clients increase sales by up to 160%. Prior to DuckPunk, Ms. Tong worked as a news anchor, reporter, and producer for the International Channel, a satellite TV station that broadcasts in the US and S. America.
SBA is a government agency dedicated to helping small businesses with varioius resources in the United States.
Join millions of people on Eventbrite.
In order to purchase these tickets in installments, you'll need an Eventbrite account. Log in or sign up for a free account to continue.
Share "Finding, Speaking, and Marketing Your Big Why"Share TweetMission
We engage in the highest quality research and education to have a positive impact on a changing world.
Vision
We will be recognized as one of the world's leading academies of scholarship in business, economics and related disciplines. The standing of our flagship activities will be verified by the most esteemed international arbiters of quality.
Values
We uphold the values of human rights, social justice, and respect for diversity in individuals, communities and ideas.
While pursuing our mission and vision, we are committed to:
- providing a collegiate and respectful environment for all staff and students
- integrity, transparency and accountability in our internal governance
- recognizing and rewarding excellence in education, research and everything we do
- upholding the principles for responsible management education and effective global citizenship, and
- engaging collaboratively with all our local, national and international stakeholders.>>
Rule 6" Pocket$2.99
Measures 32nd's, mm, decimal equivilents. Pocket clip. Stainless steel with electrolytical etchings. Use as a rule, straight edge and depth gauge.Learn More
Johnson Level Aluminum Yard (36") Stick J236$2.99Product Features
- Durable 1-1/8" wide extruded aluminum rule
- Screened, thermal-bonded black graduations in 1/8" and 1/16"
- Bold, easy to read graduations and numbers
- Clear protective anodized finish
Forney Industries Wire Cup Brush 2"x1/4" Shank Coarse 72729$2.992" Fine Crimp Steel Wire Cup With 1/4" Hex Shank. 6,000 RPM. Learn More
Pro Grade 1/4" Drive 11/32" 6 Point Deep Well Socket 12304$2.99Product Features
- Meets ANSI Standards
- Engraved with the size for future reference
- Limited Lifetime Warranty
- Great for replacing missing sockets in your toolbox
Porter Cable Nails 5/8" Brad 18ga 1000pk BN18063-1$2.99
Features:
- 18 Gauge, 5/8" Brad
- Fastener Coating: Galvanized
- Fastener Point Type: Chisel
Irwin Industrial Tool 3/16" Cobalt Drill Bit 3016012$2People crave Windows 8 tablets at work more than iPads
A Forrester study says that those who work in information would rather have something like a Surface than any Apple counterpart. However, hardly any of the respondents actually owned a Windows 8 tablet.
Humans have an insatiable desire for novelty.
Ask them what they want today and it's whatever is new today.
This is something that might be music to Microsoft's lobes and loins. For a thorough piece of research by Forrester suggests that those who work in information would prefer it if they could have a new, exciting Windows 8 tablet for work, rather than an iPad.
With timing that some might see as wafting between propitious and suspicious, this research offers that 32 percent of those surveyed declared their panting desire for a sexy new Windows 8 work machine.
As ReadWrite reports, a mere 26 percent said please could they have an iPad. (Android lagged at 12 percent.)
The lovely thing about this research is that it wasn't conducted among 300 people who happened to be hanging around on Twitter, seeking a free thrill.
No, this sample size was 9,766 "information workers."
The less lovely thing is that these information workers didn't seem to offer any information as to their reasoning.
In my own dreamy mind, I hope that their reasoning was predominantly emotional, as this would signify that Microsoft is finally learning to tap right-brain juices, rather than the pedantic, plodding rational side.
With the advent of the Surface Pro , one imagines that, if this research is accurate, there might be a clamoring for the Surface range.
This would be a clamoring that has yet to take place, as some say only 900,000 Surface tablets shipped in the last quarter of 2012 .
This research reflected these small beginnings, as only 2 percent of respondents said they owned a Windows 8 tablet.
In this same study, Forrester was less optimistic about Microsoft's chances in phones, as 33 percent of these same workers wanted their next phone to be an iPhone, while only 10 percent were fascinated by a Windows Phone.
This is a pity, as the Nokia Lumia 920 is -- to my human eyes -- a more than interesting alternative to the iPhone. Indeed, I have watched women flock around my engineer friend George when he subtly materializes his Lumia on a night out.
As more workers bring their own devices to work, it will be instructive as to what choices they make. Will they err toward their own sense of style and pleasure? Or will some sense of righteous businessness prevail?
Or perhaps that gap is closing.
Still, there is plenty of trepidation about Windows 8's ability to maintain Microsoft's hold on work life.
Here's a quote from an organization that professed a little knowledge: "We do not expect enterprises to adopt Windows 8 as their primary IT standard." The headline was: "By The Numbers: Is Windows 8 Dead On Arrival In The Enterprise?"
That was Forrester, too.
As my erudite friend Taylor always tells me: "We live in very interesting times. Uncertain, but interesting."Technically I’m not a Gemini—my husband ordered tea for me and used his birth date instead of mine and I’m really glad he did. This turned out to be one the best flavored green/white teas I’ve had, and I’m kind of picky about flavored teas. Peach complements green tea well. I steeped every bit of the tiny tin for as many times as it took to suck all of the flavor out of the leaves and this tea has made it on my wish list for when I eventually clean out my tea stash.Ask Slashdot: Which License For School Products? 56
Reader TheodoreQSwiss breaks onto the page with this question: "The independent school where I serve as Dir. of Technology is in the middle of reworking their employee handbooks and would like to include a section on ownership of the intellectual property produced by employees of the school while doing work for the school. Ideally, both the school and the creator(s) would be able to retain rights to the use of the product. Do you have any recommendations on licenses that would support both parties involved?"
yeah... (Score:1)
First CC! (Score:2)
Look into the Creative Commons system.
Re: (Score:1)
Minor edit. That should read: "Look into the Creative Commons system [creativecommons.org]."
You'll retain the rights to your work, but make it available for others to use with whatever restrictions (or lack of) you so desire. If you want full control, they offer more traditional copyrights as well. The best part is that the licenses were developed by professional lawyers and they provide forms to craft the appropriate legalese for you to protect your work.
I don't know how it works, but I also recommend registering your work with [copyright.gov]
Re: (Score:2)
Creative Commons *is* a copyright license.
This is how you copyright a work: write it. Done!
Now no one can distribute it without your permission (except as allowed by fair use). You can give them permission to use it in certain ways using a new or pre-existing license, like CC (or GPL). There is no "conflict" between copyright and creative commons; quite the contrary, CC depends on (C). The GPL does too, as RMS has pointed out more than a few times.
Re: (Score:2)
Registration with the Copyright Office is not required to copyright a creative work in the United States. Simply adding the usual "Copyright, 2011, Jennifer Author" is all that is needed (17 USC 401). If, however, you wish to bring suit for infringement, you are not entitled to statutory damages or attorneys' fees unless the work is registered (see 17 USC 412 [copyright.gov]). Registered works must be deposited with the Library of Congress which encourages authors to share their works through this enormous public archive
Re: (Score:2)
Actually, it looks like notice may be useful but not be required. (Though consult an atty. if this matters to you, obviously).
401. Notice of copyright: Visually perceptible copies2
...
 innocen
Re: (Score:2)
From an RMS fanboy (Score:2)
Intellectual Property, like Cloud Computing, is a nebulous term. It covers at least three distinct areas: trademark law, copyright law, and patent law.
ask a attorney or the school legal contact (Score:3)
ask a attorney or the school legal contact.
Re: (Score:3)
Attourney's cool useful and all that. However, you probably want to have a vision of what you want to achieve. The right attourney will then be able to help you do it.
Schools should be about developing and spreading open knowledge. Things like the CC-BY-SA and AGPLv3 licenses are probably very suitable for this. However, in some areas you will find that you want to collaborate with others. You will want flexibility to change from the default when required.
On the other hand, look at the story of NCS
The School owns it, generally (Score:2)
When an employee makes a discovery/work/patent/etc in their capacity as an employee, usually the employer own that IP.
Re:The School owns it, generally (Score:5, Insightful)
And what of the tax-payers who funded it?
If you created it while on the clock for the public, the public should own it.
Re: (Score:1)
"independent school" -- maybe that means non-public...?
Re: (Score:2)
You are correct.
Re: (Score:2)
this comes up all the time. go look at any university's IP disclaimers. If you invented it in your role as an employee, they own it. It doesn't matter who funds the school - the school funds you.
Re: (Score. Otherwise it's a pretty blatant violation of the FLSA.
In this case, it sounds like the school is paying for the materials to be developed and as such it's going to be work for hire unless both parties agree to something else.
Re: (Score.
Neither university teachers nor K-12 teachers are factory workers who punch a clock. They are professionals who basically manage themselves and set a lot of their own work hours. This makes "on their time" a vague concept, and that's why I believe no schools actually use that as a criterion. Typically the teacher owns what the teacher writes, and the school owns any patents.
Re: (Score:2)
this comes up all the time. go look at any university's IP disclaimers. If you invented it in your role as an employee, they own it. It doesn't matter who funds the school - the school funds you.
Sloppy analogy. Patents are not the most common case of IP at the K-12 level, and at the university level there are other types of IP that are *not* owned by the school. For example, the school does not own the textbook that a professor writes.
what level school? Which Country? (Score:1)
The precedent is very different between, say, a K-5 elementary school and a research university. Rules are different in different countries.
Employee handbooks are almost never contracts, by the way. You need an explicit written agreement between employer and employee.
Assuming you mean K-12 school in the US... Is there a union contract? that might be relevant.
In general, works produced "in the course of your employment" are "works for hire" and belong to the employer, however, there are tricky aspects. F
Creative Commons Licenses (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
Good stuff. Too bad you got buried as "Anonymous Coward".
The handbook comes later (Score:3)
There's a legal question here and an administrative one. Either way, this isn't a decision to be made and announced through the employee handbook. It's great though how you set out just to write a bit of documentation and you end up in a legal a philosophical minefield.
The legal question is who has the right of ownership over intellectual property, such as lesson plans, that teachers produce or use on the job. I imagine the precedents vary by your jurisdiction. Your school should look it up. The way you phrase the question, it sounds as if there aren't any explicit provisions in the teacher contracts that establish who owns what. Maybe it's time for the school to include a clause in the contract that makes the expectations and the legal situation clear.
But really the more important issue is that, again from the way you phrase your question, it sounds as if the school administration seems to expect to dictate terms of intellectual property ownership to its teachers. Regardless of whether they have the legal right to do that, it's just plain bad policy, a great way to pick an unnecessary fight. The administration should do what you're doing now, do some research and decide on a good model for a policy. Then they should bring the issue up at a faculty meeting, ask faculty what they want, give them a chance to go away and read about it, and then come back with their own proposal. Ideally, if you've got good administrators (sounds like they/you have good will, at least) who can negotiate well with faculty based on interests and not positions, then everyone leaves the room happy.
The wrong way to do it is for you, the Director of Technology, to make the decision, present it to the rest of the administration who accept it by default because they don't have any better ideas, and let the faculty know who owns their lesson plans by putting a handbook in their mailboxes at the start of the next term. The value of the intellectual property is either too small to be worth alienating employees or too valuable to approach sloppily.
The usual disclaimers: I'm not a lawyer or a teacher.
Re: (Score:2)
ask faculty what they want
Yes -- definitely.
Now for my personal opinion: the UK government are taking steps to legalise "format shifting" of sound recordings. Yes, ripping your own CDs to MP3 is still technically illegal. Relevance? The starting point for all legal decisions has to start with expected behaviour -- the new law formalises what is already "normal" behaviour.
We expect teachers to store all their worksheets on their laptops, and we expect them to use them when they move on to the next job. Disallowing this will not s
Re: (Score:2)
Re: (Score:2)
The second word should help you out....""The independent school"
Wrong question - contract trumps copyright (Score:3)
If students sign a contract with the school to say that both parties assign full rights to one another in works that they create, then it doesn't matter what copyright law says. Contract trumps copyright. That's how the music industry works, for one thing.
Re: (Score:2)
OK. So apart from the very narrow exception of Fair Use (which doesn't properly exist outside the US very much), and maybe Moral Rights in places like France, contract trumps copyright.
In fact, can you name any significant victory of Fair Use over contract recently? The Estate of James Brown is pretty flush last I checked...
too broad (Score:2)
"While doing work for the school" needs to be better defined. Teachers "do work for the school" at home as well as on campus. They are professionals, and the boundary between what they are required to do and what they do because they want to is not always clear. If a teacher writes a textbook, this is not "work for the school." If a teacher writes a lesson plan, it probably is "work for the school." There is no clear boundary between these two things.
"Ideally, both the school and the creator(s) would be abl
Obviously GPL (Score:3)
Not only does the school AND the creators retain the rights to use the product, but so would anybody else. Other schools can then benefit and you can benefit from their input.
As an added bonus, nobody will be able to take away your rights to use it.
Unless your core business is selling software (not software related business) it should be the only option.
It depends ... (Score:2)
Clarification from the OP (Score:1)
Currently, we have no statements in any documents regarding the creation or ownership of IP, be it lesson plans, study books, whatever. This is our first foray into it and instead of just copy-pasting someone else's boilerplate, I thought it would be a great chance to do it correctly from the get go. I know we could just go look up what others are doing, but we don't want to do that.
By "doing work for the schoo
Does the school (or teachers) plan to sell the IP? (Score:1)
If none of the people involved have an ambition to make extra money, just releasing the IP under some Creative Commons license would do and make the materials available to other schools and students too.
If there is no consensus to do that, I personally feel that the teacher has the stronger claim. But even so, putting an automatic license for the school into the work contract seems only fair and would not hurt the teacher's interests much. After all, the worst case for the teacher would be losing sales to o
Re: (Score:2)
By "doing work for the school," I mean, mainly, IP created during the normal work as faculty; i.e. curriculum/lesson plans, tests, handouts, study guides, even the rare times when a teacher basically makes their own textbook via years and years of teaching experience. A teacher that creates this kind of work, which most all do de facto, wouldn't have been hired by the school to create the IP, but to teach; the IP just follows as a means to do the teaching. Now we're concerned with what happens when, in this kind of situation, a teacher leaves the school and wants to take their work's products with them. It's true that the school was paying the for teacher to create the IP in a round-about kind of way, but it was also benefiting from the production of it while the teacher was creating and using it.
Not only that, but the school is also directly benefiting from IP the teacher brought with them from previous jobs. If you were to claim complete ownership over materials, that would be a direct disincentive to the staff using their earlier IP, which would mean that the school would miss out.
There's a definite quid pro quo here, so I would strongly recommend letting teachers keep their copyright -- all the school really needs is a license to duplicate the material later.
Our view at University (Score:2)
As others have said, I'd talk to a lawyer instead of slashdot. That said, what we do where I work (CIO/Director of Technology at a university) is this: for students, if they wrote the code while a student employee, we own it. If they write it as part of a class, they own it. Effectively, this gets to "who paid for the time to write the program."
For faculty, it's different. Generally, faculty get to own what they write, since it usually falls under their research, which both the university and the faculty wa
Re: (Score:2)
Consider, back in the day
guy wants to go write some code on his own to resell.. He is a salaried programmer. Boss want to help out. Loans him a mini to take home and work on his own time.
Time passes and the greatest thing since sliced bread is created. O
oops, the employer owns it
Depends on where funding comes from (Score:2)
If the school receives ANY public funding what so ever, all works produced by it should be public domain.
GPL is not a proper license to use as you're intentionally fucking over multiple people to push an agenda that may not be shared by everyone contributing funding. You more or less can't use anything that takes ANY rights away from others and continue to be fair to the tax payers.
Anything other than that really isn't fair to anyone who contributed to the public funds given to the school. BSD is closer,
Simple (Score:2)
The problem itself is simple. One party owns the copyright in the work and the other party gets an unrestricted, irrevocable (notice I said irrevocable and not "perpetual" - although long, copyright duration is not perpetual), non-exclusive license, including the right to sublicense and make derivative works to the work without the obligation to account to the other party. You can battle about which party owns and which party is licensed but with a license this broad, it is almost the same. However, 35 yA850 color profile
Started Jun 24, 2010 | Discussions thread
New Member • Posts: 12?
-Thanks
Reply to thread Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowTrails at Vintage Creek Apartments7224 Northeast Dr., Austin, TX 78723 View On Map (512) 489-6737
Trails at Vintage Creek a Foundatiion Community offering quality, affordable living and service you will love!
Trails at Vintage Creek offers 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartments and duplexes situated in a residential neighborhood. Learning Center, with computer lab, we offer after-school and summer programs, teen group, money management classes, home-buying course. We are within walking distance to Andrews Elementary School located in North Austin.
Trails at Vintage Creek is located in the Austin Area in the 78723 zip code. View this apartment on a map.
Pricing & Floor Plans
Office Hours
- Monday - Friday 8:30 - 5:30
- Saturday Closed
Features & Amenities
- 24 Hour Emergency Maintenance
- Laundry Facility
- Playscape
- Pets
- Close to Major Employers
- Patios/Balconies
- Spacious Floorplans
- Homebuyer Program
- Picnic Area
- Walking Distance to Schools
Floor Plan Features & Amenities
- Full Size Washer and Dryer Connections*
- Closets
Maps & Directions
Professionally Managed By: Foundation Communities
Also visit us here: Visit this Property's Website"
Roy Ayres Passes Away; Tracy Lawrence Working on New Record; New Music Videos
Jake Owen is releasing an EP called Summer Jam soon: “I wanted to put out on iTunes three or four tunes that all my friends out on the lake can put on their boat and crank it up.” Ever wonder why we’re drawn to country music? “Titled Cheatin’ Hearts and Loaded Guns, the Review of […]
Continue reading "Roy Ayres Passes Away; Tracy Lawrence Working on New Record; …Miocene-Pliocene ice-volcano interactions at monogenetic volcanoes near Hobbs Coast, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica
Open-File Report 2007-1047-SRP-074
- By:
- T.I. Wilch and W.C. McIntosh
DOI: 10.3133/ofr20071047SRP074Tweet
Links
AbstractPaleoenvironmental reconstructions and 40 Ar/ 39 Ar geochronology of seven eroded monogenetic volcanoes near the Hobbs Coast, Marie Byrd Land, West Antarctica provide proxy records of WAIS paleo-ice-levels in Miocene-Pliocene times. Interpretations, based on lithofacies analysis, indicate whether the volcanoes erupted below, near, or above the level of the ice sheet. Our interpretations differ significantly from previous interpretations as they highlight the abundant evidence for ice-volcano interactions at emergent paleoenvironments but limited evidence of higher-than-present syn-eruptive ice-levels. Evidence for subglacial volcanic paleoenvironments is limited to Kennel Peak, a ~8 Ma volcano where a pillow lava sequence extending 25 m above current ice level overlies an inferred glacial till and unconformity. A major complication in the Hobbs Coast region is that the volcanism occurred on interfluves between regions of fast-flowing ice. Such a setting precludes establishing precise regional paleo-ice-levels although the presence or absence of ice at times of eruptions can be inferred.
Geospatial Extents
Additional Publication Details
- Publication type:
- Publication Subtype:
- USGS Numbered Series
- Title:
- Miocene-Pliocene ice-volcano interactions at monogenetic volcanoes near Hobbs Coast, Marie Byrd Land, Antarctica
- Series title:
- Open-File Report
- Series number:
- 2007-1047-SRP-074
- DOI:
- 10.3133/ofr20071047SRP074
-The Buttery marks 20th anniversary of cookie delivery to business neighbors
Source: Submitted
Ready to set out on their annual cookie delivery to downtown Lewes merchants are The Buttery pastry chef Rebecca Williams, left, and restaurant owner John Donato. This marks the 20th year The Buttery has brought holiday cheer to business neighbors. The Buttery, at 102 Second St., Lewes is open seven days a week. Call 302-645-7755.
If you wish to comment, please login.Do we still need a TC?
Started Nov 11, 2013 | Discussions thread
If you need 450mm to achieve a target large enough to focus on then no amount of Mp will save you, Only a 1.5 converter on your 300mm will get you where you need to be.
-- hide signature --
Reply Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowGX7 - critical areas to be explored in reviews - hopefully!
Started Aug 1, 2013 | Discussions thread
* it?
Thanks!
Reply Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowDefinition:
Mexican Spanish panocha raw sugar, from Spanish, ear of maize, ultimately from Latin panicula panicle. It is actually fudge made usually of brown sugar, butter, cream or milk, and nuts.
Example:
I am going to the mexican store and buy some panocha because I need that in order to make.2-10 October 2010 - Students from Barrow, Alaska, winners of the Schoolnet international award, Eni’s initiative aimed at secondary schools in Basilicata (Val d’Agri, Val Camastra and Val Basento) and a number of regions in Angola, Alaska, Australia, Indonesia, Norway, Pakistan and Timor-Leste, will be in Italy from 2nd – 10th October 2010.
Aged between 12 and 14, the young girls and boys will be visiting Rome, Pompei and Basilicata, where they’ll have the opportunity to meet students from the schools in Abriola, San Martino d’Agri and Sant’Arcangelo who won the national awards.
On Monday, 4th October, they will be greeted by a delegation from Eni at the offices in Rome, and on Friday, 8th October, the closing event is planned to take place at the Sanseverino Castle in Grumento Nova (Potenza). All the Italian schools involved in the project, Eni representatives and local institutions will be invited to attend this event.
The aim of the project is to promote knowledge of different cultures and encourage dialogue between students from these distant places.
Please Register to SMS and Mail Alerts
Last updated on 04/01/13By Mike Steffanos
Mets 3 - Braves 2
Played Monday, September 10, 2007
Oliver Perez certainly earned a leg up for the fourth playoff starter's spot with this start. The biggest play of the game might well have been the pickoff of Tim Hudson at second base in the sixth inning. You might be amused to know that Hudson, as quoted by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution's David O'Brien, seemed to fell that play reflected poor sportsmanship on the part of the Mets:
The Braves trailed 1-0 with runners at first and second and one out when Hudson took too big a lead off second and was picked off by Perez.
"Every time a pitcher gets on base now, I'm gonna pick," said Hudson, upset that Perez would focus on picking off a fellow pitcher. "Obviously I'm not a very good baserunner. Looking back, I was probably a little too far off the bag. But I'm hardly ever on second base. I don't know what's close and what's far. I guess I know what's too far now."
Hot-hitting Matt Diaz was up at the time, compounding Hudson's mistake. Diaz is a .346 hitter with runners in scoring position and less than two outs, but he drops to .222 in those situations with two outs. He struck out.
I laughed out loud when I read this. Hudson is a good athlete who is batting .250 on the season. He's taking the largest lead he can get because he wants to score on a single, but somehow Hudson feels entitled to take umbrage that Perez picked him off second. They may not produce a lot of vino down in Atlanta, but it sure is terrific whine-producing country. I can understand Hudson's frustration at losing a well-pitched game, particulalry since he's been struggling lately, but that's truly pathetic.
View Oliver Perez' Full Season Stats
Support Mike's Mets by shopping at our Amazon Store
More Mets Stories:
SportsSpyder Mets
Continuous Mets Coverage:
MetsBlog
Hot Foot
Awe poor baby, you got picked off second base. "obviously I'm not a very good baserunner". It's also obvious your not a good sport. Your fault finding in Perez because he caught you in lala land a 1/2 mile off second base in a important part of the game. Poor baby. I hope you enjoy your quite October.
Posted by REV AL | September 11, 2007 3:34 PM
Only those who can write about the game and never played(at least competitively)would make comments so pompous. I apologize to those who actually have stood on the mound in September and have thrown for a major league baseball team, you may actually know what you are talking about, but to those sitting so high on their horses that all they can throw are insults...stay on your half of the Mason-Dixon line.
Posted by Nick | September 11, 2007 4:22 PM
mike - considering how many times hudson was throwing over to first and to 2nd last nite trying to keep runners on, he should keep quiet...its called baseball - part of the game...if that aint the pot calling the kettle black...i didn't realize that pitchers were exempt from being picked off...typical braves arrogance...they still think its their god given right to lose in the first round of the playoffs every year...did you hear the crowd "chopping" at the end of the game? he did pitch well, we counted 6 consecutive 4-3 put outs but ollie was great last nite and the good guys finally got a well-deserved win. and for the record - i head my head buried in my hands in the bottom of the 8th and the bottom of the 9th - but pete tells me it went well...:)
Posted by joyce mandelkern | September 11, 2007 4:46 PM
rev al - WELCOME BACK!!! hope you're feeling well! we missed you!!! please take it nice and easy...
Posted by joyce mandelkern | September 11, 2007 4:48 PM
Mike - I'm not sure where Nick's coming from there. Pompous? I don't see it. You were a little smug, but then, after fourteen consecutive Braves pennants, I think Mets fans all deserve a little payback smugness.
And this is not like stealing second base in the ninth inning of a blowout. Huddy was the tying run in the late innings of a game between two teams still (mathematically, at least) in a pennant race. What should Perez have done? Let him walk to third base?
Posted by NostraDennis | September 11, 2007 5:09 PM
Which statement did you find pompous, Nick? Are you really that much of a baby, too?
Posted by Mike Steffanos | September 11, 2007 5:10 PM
Sorry, Nostra, missed your comment while typing my reply. I said that Hudson whining about being picked off was pathetic, which it was. It only seems pompous to Nick because he's as big of a baby as Hudson.
Posted by Mike Steffanos | September 11, 2007 5:18 PM
Hey Rev, Mike, Nostra, Joyce, and you too Nick. I live in Atlanta, and for only the second time in the past 18 years am having the time of my baseball life. Two back to back good years for my Mets. As far insults I have heard them all the time from Braves supporters. So being a Metsie in the A.T.L. feels down right good about now. They(The Braves) are sweating for their postseason lives, and the Mets can put the dagger in with a sweep. So Mike you "pompus" fool, you keep on writing the way you do, I always enjoy your work. Nick suck it up and do what so many have had to do during the "14 year stretch".....wait til next year buddy! ( Good to see you writing Rev, your in my prayers for a full recovery) Gooooooooooooooooooooooo Mets!
Posted by L. J. Phipps | September 11, 2007 6:14 PM
Whoa, apparently if you cut a Braves fan they do bleed. For years that was not obvious, as they gave half-hearted support to a procession of damn fine teams. NOW you care; good timing, that.
Hudson's remarks reminded me of a routine Bob and Ray did a million years ago, which went something like: Of course I made an out! That guy was throwing the ball hard, and I am supposed to hit it with a rounded stick? And he kept throwing it where I have trouble hitting it! What was I supposed to do?
Posted by dd | September 12, 2007 7:33 AM
dd - I understand Hudson's frustration with the way the game went, but that was just silly. One of the best parts of NL baseball is that pitchers aren't just pitchers, they're baseball players. Particularly a guy like Hudson who is a terrific athlete.
When the Mets were losing year after year we used to hear stuff like this out of them, and I used to make fun of that, too. This wasn't even a "tweak the Braves" thing with me, it was just a ridiculous statement, period. I may not have been a major league pitcher, as Nick points out, but I've been an athlete my whole life, and would have been embarrassed to make a statement like that about any level of sports above co-ed softball.
Posted by Mike Steffanos | September 12, 2007 1:23 PM
Forgive me if I add the perspective that at 14-9, a 3.48 ERa and with a 16-10 record in his starts Ollie has had a good, sometimes spectacular season.
I only hope he has more lightning in his bottle for a post season run.
Posted by Ed | September 12, 2007 5:43 PM
Ed - I agree, but the way he had been struggling there was no guarantee of a post-season start unless he turned it around. He needed to stop messing around with arm angles and slow curves and get back to what worked for him early. To his credit, that's what he did.
I've been really supportive of Maine and Perez here, but I'm also trying to be honest. You needn't take offense at everything I write about Perez that isn't 100% positive. That gets tiresome.
Posted by Mike Steffanos | September 12, 2007 10:54 PM
I'm just curious what Major League team Nick pitched for? By his statement, there should be no sportswriters or commentators that weren't athletes - and we know what stellar analysts some of *them* can be.
*snrk*
Posted by metsgrrl | September 13, 2007 10:08 AM
Mike,
I dont take offense at all. I love your writing very much. My only intent is just to add a little opinion/perspective, possible bring a point you and other bloggers might have missed.
Posted by Ed | September 13, 2007 1:38 PM
I haven't missed anything, Ed. I just sometimes write something that points out that Perez still has something to learn at 26 years old, and for some reason that bothers you. On the other hand, I've been writing stuff all year defending him when he has a couple of bad starts in a row and some of the sportswriters jump on him. Anyone that really reads my site with all of the positive stuff I've written about both Maine and Perez wouldn't feel the need to point out what I "missed".
Posted by Mike Steffanos | September 14, 2007 11:08 AM
HEY MIKE, ARE YOU OK? YOU GETTING READY TO JUMP OFF A ROOF? YOU GOT TO PICK A NUMBER FOR THAT. I PRAY ALL IS WELL. TALK TO YOU SOON. I DISLIKE VERY MUCH PHILADELPHIA.I try not to use the word hate, but I am very close.
Posted by REV AL | September 16, 2007 12:43 PMConservative think tank to Illinois: TURN RIGHT
The growing influence of the Illinois Policy Institute
When barbers employed by the state earn an average annual wage of nearly $66,000, compared to the average Illinois private sector barber’s $27,600, something is amiss, says the increasingly visible Illinois Policy Institute, which bills itself as a nonpartisan research organization attempting to bring specific ideological solutions to public policy.
The example, meant to show a disparity between public employees and their private sector equivalents, is one of 17 job titles the Institute used in its “Mind the Gap” report issued early last month. The report is prime material for stirring taxpayer anger, provides fuel for an anti-tax debate and exemplifies part of the Institute’s ideological bent – the state spends too much money, taxpayers are overburdened and government interference pushes out businesses, jobs and prosperity. Formed in 2002, the Institute backs “free-market” or “free enterprise” principles, which argue that the economic laws of supply and demand govern more effectively than any coercive bureaucratic entity.
With eye-popping reports like “Mind the Gap,” a $2.2 million budget and scores of angry taxpayers looking for something to stand behind, the relatively young Institute, with its established perspective, has the means to become a major voice in Illinois public policy. Whether that voice can be both compelling and worthwhile – truly nonpartisan and backed by comprehensive data – is a question that is now, and will likely remain, on the minds of those in Illinois’ political arena.
The American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, for example, says the Institute is anything but nonpartisan and its work anything but actual research. Responding to the “Mind the Gap” salary report, AFSCME spokesman Anders Lindall, says the Institute “cherry picks” its information, turning bits of data into “propaganda to serve that far right, extreme ideology. … What they like to call research is dictated by their preferred political outcome.”
AFSCME, a government employees’ union, is a natural adversary of the limited government-minded Institute, but Lindall also points to a report by the Center for Local and State Government Excellence released just weeks before the Institute’s “Mind the Gap.” It concluded that Illinois, in general, pays public employees about 13 percent less than their private sector counterparts – after accounting for age, experience and education.
The Institute’s CEO and president, John Tillman, says the opposing report is flawed and insists that his organization does not “cherry pick.” But he adds, “Our mission is to advance free-market principles and policies so we look for data that supports that.”
Getting heard
The ideas the Institute espouses are nothing new, Tillman says, but until recently no one in Illinois had been selling them successfully. “I believed no one was making the case for free-market vigorously,” Tillman says of his decision to get involved with public policy about six years ago. Previously the owner of several small businesses, the 51-year old grew up in rural Michigan before coming to northern Illinois 25 years ago. Tillman now resides in a small village in northern Cook County. The Illinois Policy Institute is the third free-market organization that Tillman has led since 2004. He joined the Institute in 2007. “I just wanted to add our voice … in an impactful way. I believed the public was generally with us.”
Working to strike the public’s nerve, the Institute is arguing for free-market in new ways and getting plenty of attention. Since 2007 the number of mentions or features the Institute has garnered in print and broadcast media has jumped from about 50 to more than 620 in 2009. The Institute’s founder, Springfield native Greg Blankenship, who left the group in 2009, credits Tillman with the Institute’s increased visibility.
Tillman says the Institute is “riding a wave that is a cultural phenomenon,” calling some of the Institute’s success a product of widespread disaffection with both political parties that stems from war fatigue and the national economic crisis that has compounded Illinois’ fiscal instability. “Prosperity comes primarily from the private sector,” Tillman says, pointing to jobs and charities funded by businesses and individuals as the way to solve social problems. “Right now, the private sector is not successful and people are worried about that.”
Besides continuing to produce regular reports, the Institute is planning a bus tour of rallies and speeches in Illinois cities and villages, where Tillman hopes to mobilize everyday people to tell their lawmakers that free-market is the way to go. To highlight its philosophies, the Institute posts blogs on its website using clips from the movie Zoolander and a photograph of what looks like a double KFC Double Down sandwich to discuss what it considers the senselessness of targeted taxation. It also references basketball player LeBron James’ decision against signing with Chicago to emphasize Illinois’ tax rates, which the Institute considers high.
Appearing at Tea Party gatherings this spring, Tillman rallied the crowd with talk of a kind of revolution – to take back Illinois government, bring in a new slate of leaders and bring prosperity back to the state.
Taking a more traditional approach, the Institute hosts regular luncheons and forums to which it invites the public to hear ideas and experiences of statewide and nationally known lawmakers, authors and activists who can speak to the organization’s agenda.
Affecting education
One of those luncheons held this spring featured a man who, in light of his perception of the Institute as a Republican-leaning organization, makes for an unusual partner in policy.
Chicago Democratic Sen. James Meeks, the leader of the state’s largest black church, and the Illinois Policy Institute were working together to bring school vouchers to Illinois. The measure the coalition was pushing would have allowed children at the lowest performing elementary schools to transfer to private schools. The money the state pays for the students’ education would follow the student.
“Families who receive school vouchers do better than would otherwise be the case and public schools get better through increased competition,” says Springfield native Collin Hitt, the Institute’s director of education policy. “We’ve tried some things in Illinois and they haven’t worked, but there’s a lot of stuff we haven’t tried and school vouchers is one of those things.”
Meeks says the Institute’s research on the legality of vouchers, in terms of separation of church and state, was a major force behind moving the legislation through the Illinois Senate, he says, adding that he was confident enough in the quality of Hitt’s research that he relied on him for committee testimony.
The measure failed in the House, where Meeks says lobbying from teachers’ unions likely played a role. The Illinois Education Association cites the spending of public funds on private schools as inherently wrong. The IEA’s Charles McBarron says that failing schools perform poorly because they are underfunded and that diverting dollars away from those schools to private schools would only perpetuate the problem. “Weakening them so they can’t deliver quality education is not how this state is going to move forward,” McBarron says.
While Meeks says his partnership with the Institute in support of vouchers was a good fit and he’s interested in working with the Institute on other issues, he adds that the Institute wasn’t advocating for his constituents. It was advocating for vouchers and used Meeks’ issue as an opportunity to promote such a system, he says. “It’s almost like we came over to them. … They didn’t pick the issue that affected the African-American community and come over to it. We came over to them.”
Meeks says the Institute, through the voucher issue, has made a good start at showing it’s nonpartisan but still has work to do before it can “deem itself as an honest broker that crosses the aisle.”
The Institute also supports charter schools, which receive public money and are connected to a local school district but operate under many of their own rules, and lauded Gov. Pat Quinn’s signing of legislation last year that raised the state’s cap on the number of charter schools from 60 to 120, a measure that some lawmakers hoped would give Illinois a leg up in competition for federal education funding.
The Institute continues to pursue charter school initiatives and last year served on a charter school task force, co-chaired by Chicago Democratic Sen. Heather Steans, who says the institute was an asset to discussion. “You can be an obstructionist or you can help move people toward a consensus,” she says, pointing to the Institute, in that instance, as the latter.
Budget talk
Steans’ remarks are less complimentary, however, when it comes to another one of the Institute’s major issues – the state budget.
During the 2010 spring legislative session, when the state expected a $13 billion budget gap, the Illinois Policy Institute issued “2011 Budget Solutions,” the organization’s first attempt at offering an alternative budget. It eliminated programs such as meal delivery to seniors and breast and prostate cancer screenings as well as entire agencies, including the Illinois Historic Preservation Agency and the Illinois Arts Council. It also zeroed out the state’s deficit.
House Republican Leader Tom Cross, responding to the fact that no one bothered to turn the plan into legislation, says he sees the Institute as an idea-generator expanding the General Assembly’s dialogue. “We don’t think outside the box, and they think outside the box. And that’s what’s good about them,” Cross says.
The point of the proposal wasn’t to get legislation drafted, Tillman says, but to show that options other than raising taxes are available, if lawmakers can find the political will. Tillman says the Institute will likely publish an alternative budget every year from here on out.
In response to suggestion that the Institute’s proposal was too extreme, Tillman says, “I think what is really too much and radical is the idea of borrowing to prosperity.”
Steans, who like most Republicans voted against pension borrowing this spring but voted in favor of a tax increase in 2009, questions the validity of the Institute’s budget proposal. “There’s definitely areas in state government where there’s waste,” Steans says, adding that cuts alone, as the Institute proposed, aren’t going to solve the budget crisis. “I don’t think that’s a helpful message to be sending. … It’s just looking and focusing on one part of the problem. When you do that, I don’t think you help your credibility. Things are very complex and you have to acknowledge the complexity of the situation.”
Aiming to encourage the state to cut sufficiently in the near future, the Institute this spring pushed the Sunshine Commission Act, which would require a review of state agencies’ relevancy, efficiency and effectiveness. Lawmakers would then be forced to issue one vote approving or rejecting all the recommendations made by a board of four outsiders and four lawmakers chosen by the four legislative leaders. The all or nothing approach is meant to ensure that lawmakers don’t pick and choose their favorite programs, leaving nothing left to cut, Tillman says.
Cross, one of the measure’s sponsors, credits the Institute with the idea, which was unanimously approved by both chambers of the General Assembly and now awaits the governor’s signature to become law.
Pension plans
The Institute took another stab at fixing Illinois’ dire budget outlook early this year in addressing the state’s pension obligations. The Institute dubbed its plan “The Pension Funding and Fairness Act.” It called for allowing the state to borrow money to pay for its pension obligations while also freezing overall spending for three years and limiting spending growth to only the rate of inflation and population growth for every year after that. The plan, written by two New Hampshire economists, also called for building a reserve fund for use in economic downturns.
The plan was publicly criticized by the Institute’s own founder, who sparred with Tillman in essays posted on Illinois Review, a conservative online political forum. Blankenship wrote that “in effect, the Institute is proposing to buy off the Illinois General Assembly.” Denouncing any borrowing proposal, Blankenship said the Institute’s plan put too much trust in lawmakers to restrict spending after they approved borrowing and would allow lawmakers to further delay a more fundamental fix to the pension system – “Illinois neither wants, needs nor can have fully funded pensions,” Blankenship wrote.
Tillman responded by citing Illinois’ constitutional requirement to fund the state’s pensions. “Our proposal reluctantly endorses borrowing. But it does so to address the real political and policy challenges facing Illinois in a proactive and practical way,” he wrote.
Resources and respect
At the time Blankenship wrote his criticism of the Institute’s pension plan, he had been removed from the organization for a little over a year. Both Tillman and Blankenship say the parting was amicable, but Blankenship notes that the hiring of Tillman – a prodigious fundraiser and keen marketer – as the head of the Institute did mark a transition for the group. He adds that he still “feels like a proud father of the organization.”
“I don’t think any founder of an organization is going to be perfectly happy with the direction that it goes, but I’m very proud of what they’re doing,” Blankenship says. “I know that when two elephants fight, there’s a lot of grass that gets destroyed. But the conservative movement values itself on being that idea generator. So there’s going to be disagreements and elephant fights and things like that. That’s healthy,” he says.
Blankenship applauds Tillman for his efforts in making the Institute more visible. Since Tillman signed on, the organization’s total appearances in print, radio and television have jumped from 51 in 2007 to more than 620 in 2009, according to the Institute. In only the first half of 2010, the Institute has been mentioned or featured more than 420 times.
What that’s worth is debatable.
“There’s that adage that a certain amount of success is just showing up, and they have the ability to do that more than someone fighting the good fight,” Lindall says. “It’s not any surprise that they are cited disproportionately.”
Indeed, the Institute has resources. Tillman has watched the Institute’s revenues jump from about $341,500 in 2007, the year he joined, to about $1.54 million in 2009. This year, the Institute’s budget sits at $2.2 million, Tillman says.
Tillman declined to reveal the Institute’s revenue sources. As a nonprofit, the organization is legally exempt from disclosing its donors, but Lindall says the Institute’s failure to do so is ironic, considering the group’s advocacy of government transparency. He says the Institute, as a tax-exempt nonprofit, derives benefit while individuals continue to pay taxes. “Yet we don’t know who funds them and that’s just one of many unanswered question.”
In its 2009 annual report, still in draft form, the Institute says that less than 1 percent of its revenue comes from corporate donors, with about 68 percent coming from individuals and about 28 percent from foundations. The rest is categorized as miscellaneous.
But resources only go so far.
“Part of it is being there and having a presence and being aware of you. Part of it is making the case,” says Kent Redfield, political science professor at the University of Illinois Springfield. “You can lose credibility very quickly if people believe you’re just cherry picking facts or putting positions out there without any kind of analytical capacity behind them.”
“To establish a reputation as somebody who does good research on policy areas … takes more time than having a set of principles and having an ideological position,” Redfield says. “That’s really the challenge for the Policy Institute.”
Contact Rachel Wells at rwells@illinoistimes.com.Sighting Reported to Police: “They laughed at me.”
Posted by: Loren Coleman on July 26th, 2007
There’s news of another recent Maine mountain lion sighting.
Please click on the image of the Sidney, Maine, photograph, above, for a larger version.
Kennebunkport [Maine] —, ‘.” By Laura Dolce, here“Mountain lion sighting in Kennebunkport,” July 26, 2007, Portsmouth Herald News – Portsmouth, New Hampshire, USA.
Another recent Mystery Cat encounter gets the expected response. Isn’t it about time this stop, from all.
Standard comment: they are probably released pets. If this be the case then there are more big cat owners in this country than there are dog owners. Every time someone reports a big cat anywhere in the country the officials say it is a released pet. I agree Loren that it is about time to stop this madness and just tell the truth.
It is to bad that normal sober citizens that see and report strange critters get laughed at . If the police and game people were doing there job they would investigate right away with no BS..No wonder people don.t report sightings.
Oh c’mon now, nobody makes fun of this stuff. The reports of people scoffing and making fun of witnesses are as contrived as the reports themselves according to Benjamin Radford.
This stuff happens all the time. The numbskulls on Fox and Friends come to mind, and that was on national television.
This reminds me of a story I read a few years ago.
A guy was home one night when someone was trying to break into his house. He called 911 and the operator who answered said all of their officers were dispatched and as soon as she had one available they would be sent right away.
The guy waited for a bit and redialed 911. He told the lady who he was and said he didn’t no one needed to hurry because he took care of the issue with his shotgun ( he didn’t really).
Needless to say multiple squad cars, an anbulance and firetrucks were dispatched immediately.
There is a moral to the story somewhere in there…
Well, the old canard that large cats or whatever are all escaped from traveling circuses or local area zoos has worn out, so they have to use some other excuse. The only one left is the escaped exotic pet excuse.
With attentive, brave, strong and true peace officers like this on the job, sasquatch could roam shopping malls in packs by day and remain undocumented by science.
This is the thing skeptics never seem to understand. Lots of people see stuff like this. Virtually all of it gets flushed, without followup of any kind.
Maybe we can ask Ben Radford to provide us with an annotated list of every cryptid sighting that got any kind of concerted followup. The ten minutes’ work could keep him in trim. (As a recent thread shows, P/G wouldn’t be on the list.)
What is so unusual about mountain lions in North America? Maybe these cops should start watching the news. Once a year or so. They are right over the border, in every Canadian province, and don’t seem to be showing up in droves to meet the new requirement for passports.
Look, I’m sure they have lots of stuff to do other than chase cats that aren’t stuck in trees. So: they’re too busy to laugh at the people who pay their salaries, doncha think?
Here is what gets my goat. If they were “ALL” released or escaped pets would they not have any fear of people. Seems like they would go right up to most people looking for food if they were pets that did not know much about stalking or hunting on its own. Just a thought I guess. Seems like they would show up everywhere if they were raised as pets. It is a shame people get made fun of for reporting these things maybe the Big Fellow knows this also and he is laughing at us for he knows he is safe!
If this is how sightings of known living creatures who are considered OOP by authorities are treated, why does it surprise us that the authorities laugh at true cryptids? It only goes to show how complacent modern thinking is about the world, even by those who are suppose to be experts.Purpose
The purpose of this program is to display RGB colors as a function of wavelength for visible light (380 to 780 nm). A secondary purpose of this program is to display the emission and absorption spectra of hydrogen. The upper and lower wavelength limits for the spectrum can be interactively specified, and interval marks can be displayed if desired. A spectrum can be printed or saved to a 24-bit color BMP file.
Disclaimer
There is no unique one-to-one mapping between wavelength and RGB values. Color is a wonderful combination of physics and human perception. Please consult a textbook, such as Principles of Color Technology by Billmeyer and Saltzman, for a better understanding of color. In particular, I like the way Billmeyer explains color as the product of three curves, since color requires a light source, an object and an observer. The values shown in this project should only be used as approximate colors, for example, in false color schemes.
Materials and Equipment
Software Requirements
Windows 95/98/2000
Delphi 3/4/5 (to recompile); need "Professional" version for TChart component
Hardware Requirements
Best when run with a high color or true color display (but will work with only a 256-color display).
Procedure
Discussion
The WaveLengthToRGB function is based on Dan Bruton's work () and is in the file SpectraLibrary.PAS, which is part of the download set:
The product of wavelength and frequency gives the speed of light, c = 2.9979 x 108 m/sec. Given the linear wavelengths (in nanometers) on the Visible Light tabsheet, the frequency values are computed (in TeraHertz). While the wavelengths in the spectrum bitmap are linear, the frequencies are not.
The wavelengths of the Balmer series for n = 3 to 9 are calculated once by the FormCreate method.
The Balmer emission spectra for hydrogen is computed from this formula:
where n = 3, 4, 5, ...
The general hydrogen emission series can be computed from this formula:
where
RH = Rydberg Constant for Hydrogen = 10,967,757.6 m-1.
n=k+1, k+2, k+3, ...
and k is defined in the following table:
For additional details of the hydrogen spectra (and other atoms and molecules) see a good physics book, such as Quantum Physics of Atoms, Molecules, Solids, Nuclei, and Particles (2nd edition) or Quantum Chemistry (5th edition).
Most changes in the user interface result in a call to UpdateImage. If the hydrogen emission/absorption spectrum is to be displayed (see below), a set of flags for each pixel column is set to tell if each column is in the Balmer series..
The TChart component was used to display the R, G, B functions of wavelength.. The StretchDIBits Windows API call was used to make sure colors look good on any printer.
The Brightness, Y, shown in the graph on the RGB tab was computed using the formula:
Y = 0.299R + 0.587G + 0.114B
The coefficients in this equation properly compute the luminance for monitors having phosphors that were contemporary at the introduction of NTSC television in 1953. Contemporary CRT phosphors are standardized today with CIE luminance from linear red, green and blue to be:
Y = 0.212671R + 0.715160G + 0.072169B
See Charles Poynton's FAQ about Color and Gamma, section C-9 for more information:
See Paul Bourke's Spectrum image:
See how to use a "Rainbow" to color Lyapunov Exponents, which includes a slightly newer SpectraLibrary but requires Delphi 4.
For information about Color Science, see efg's Color Reference Library pages.
Conclusions
The WaveLengthToRGB function in the SpectraLibrary.PAS unit will be very useful in assigning colors to visible wavelengths of light, or any many applications needing false colors.
Keywords
Visible Light Spectrum, Hydrogen Emission Spectrum, Balmer Series, Hydrogen Absorption Spectrum, WavelengthToRGB function, TChart, Scanline, TRGBTripleArray, Print BMP, StretchDIBits, OnMouseMove, GetRValue, GetGValue, GetBValue
References
Dan Bruton's Color Science page,
Rendering Spectra,
John Walker's Colour Rendering of Spectra,
Mitchell N Charity's comments about this article
Don KlipStein's Spectra,
Download
Delphi 3/4/5 Source and EXE (236 KB): Spectra.ZIP
Delphi 3 EXE: 435 KB
Delphi 4 EXE: 543 KB
Delphi 5 EXE: 578 KB
Updated 31 Jul 2006
since 1 Nov 98Leave some for the rest of us!
Update the quantity in your cart.
1971-Floppy Diskette
by firefrogh
Printed to order.
Ships in 5-7 business days
Hurry only 1 left!
Ships in 5-7 business days
Hurry only 1 left!
Oh, listen to you lot, whining about “DLC” and “frame rate issues” and “polygon texturing” or whatever else it is you spend all day on your internet forums complaining about. Back in my day you didn’t have to buy the next map pack, you had to track down the case and insert an entirely different floppy and hope the whole thing didn’t crash in the middle of it.
Frame rate? I spent hundreds of hours of my childhood playing Where in the World is Carmen San Diego? and Oregon Trail and that one Lord of the Rings game which was basically a trivia thing to get Bilbo to steal the dragon’s gold and I’m no expert but I’m pretty sure the frame rate on those games was, like, one.
You want to talk about muddy textures and terrible graphics? I gamed on a monitor with only one color: AMBER. And nothing looks good in amber, friends. Nothing.
Wear this shirt: While upgrading your old Mark-8 to take floppies.
Don’t wear this shirt: In the COD:MW3 lobby. They’re not gonna get it and they’re just gonna call you mean names.
This shirt tells the world: “My standards for what’s retro are pretty low.”
We call this color: I can store Olive my data on just 75,000 of these!
Pantone Colors:
Cool Grey 4C - 7414C - 126C - 7554C - 426)PatientPlus articles are written by UK doctors and are based on research evidence, UK and European Guidelines. They are designed for health professionals to use, so you may find the language more technical than the condition leaflets.
- Pre-eclampsia of at least 110 mm Hg, or systolic blood pressure 1/2000 pregnancies.
- 44% of seizures occur postnatally, the remainder being antepartum (38%) or intrapartum (18%).
- The most recent audit of maternal deaths in the UK reported 22 deaths from pre-eclampsia, of which 20 were associated with substandard care and 14 were thought to be avoidable.[2]
NEW - log your activity
Add notes to any clinical page and create a reflective diary
Automatically track and log every page you have viewed
Print and export a summary to use in your appraisal
Risk factors
The following are at high risk of developing pre-eclampsia:
- First pregnancy, or first pregnancy with a new partner.
- Pre-eclampsia or eclampsia in any previous pregnancy.
- 10 years or more since the last baby.
- Age 40 years or more.
- Body mass index (BMI) of 35 or more at presentation.
- Family history of pre-eclampsia (in mother or sister).
- Certain underlying medical conditions:
- Pre-existing hypertension.
- Pre-existing renal disease.
- Pre-existing diabetes.
- Antiphospholipid antibodies present.
Aetiology
- The aetiology and pathogenesis of pre-eclampsia still remain poorly understood.
- It is characterised by suboptimal uteroplacental perfusion associated with a maternal inflammatory response and maternal vascular endothelial dysfunction.
- The placenta has a pivotal role in the pathogenesis of pre-eclampsia.
Presentation
Pre-eclampsia occurs when blood pressure is >140/90 mm Hg in the second half of pregnancy, with ≥1+ proteinuria on reagent stick testing.
- New hypertension.
- New and/or significant proteinuria.
- Other clinical features of severe pre-eclampsia include:
- Severe headache - usually frontal.
- Sudden swelling of face, hands and feet.
- Liver tenderness.
- Visual disturbance (eg, blurring or flashing lights in front of the eyes).
- Platelet count falling to below 100 x 109/L (a falling platelet count predicts severe disease and these women need urgent referral and further investigation).
- Epigastric pain and/or vomiting.
- Abnormal liver enzymes (ALT or AST rising to above 70 IU/L).
- Clonus.
- HELLP syndrome: H (haemolysis) EL (elevated liver enzymes) LP (low platelets).
- Papilloedema.
- Fetal distress - reduced fetal movements.
- Small for gestational age infant.
- Approximately 45% of cases of eclampsia occur after delivery, most by four days postpartum but occasionally they can be up to four weeks later.
Blood pressure measurement
- Use a sitting or semi-reclining position so that the arm to be used is at the level of the heart.
- Do not take the blood pressure in the upper arm with the woman on her side, as this will give falsely lower readings..
- Clotting studies if there is severe pre-eclampsia or thrombocytopenia.
- 24-hour urine collections for protein quantification and creatinine clearance.
- Cerebral imaging (MRI or CT) is not indicated in uncomplicated eclampsia. However, imaging is necessary to exclude haemorrhage and other serious abnormalities in women with focal neurological deficits or prolonged coma.
- Assessment of fetus -ultrasound assessment of fetal growth and the volume of amniotic fluid; and Doppler velocimetry of umbilical arteries.
NB: pre-eclampsia can be difficult to diagnose in women with pre-existing hypertension, especially if there is pre-existing renal disease with proteinuria. Under these circumstances, pre-eclampsia can present in the second half of pregnancy with a surge in blood pressure or proteinuria, or with other features such as thrombocytopenia, a raised level of liver transaminases, and reduced fetal growth.[3]
Management[1]
- Management in hospital is multidisciplinary with involvement of the obstetric team, anaesthetics and haematology, liaison with paediatrics, and appropriate arrangements for in-utero transfer if required and once the woman's condition is stable.
- Patients can be managed conservatively if they are less than 34 weeks, haemodynamically stable, without coagulation abnormalities and in the absence of HELLP.
- Delivery of the placenta is the only cure for pre-eclampsia.
Frequency of community monitoring
- The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) recommends that more frequent blood pressure measurements:
- Systolic blood pressure ≥160 mm Hg.
- Diastolic blood pressure ≥100 mm Hg.
- Raised blood pressure with proteinuria ≥+1.
- Any clinical symptoms or signs of pre-eclampsia.
Management of severe pre-eclampsia[1]
Delivery of the fetus and placenta is the only cure. However, preterm delivery may adversely affect neonatal outcome, with complications resulting from prematurity and low birth weight.
- Blood pressure:
- Antihypertensive treatment should be started in women with a systolic blood pressure over 160 mm Hg or a diastolic blood pressure over 110 mm Hg. In women with other markers of potentially severe disease, treatment can be considered at lower degrees of hypertension.
- Labetalol (given orally or intravenously), oral nifedipine or intravenous hydralazine are usually given for the acute management of severe hypertension.
- Atenolol, angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotensin-II receptor antagonists and diuretics should be avoided.
- Antihypertensive medication should be continued after delivery, as dictated by the blood pressure. It may be necessary to maintain treatment for up to three months, although most women can have treatment stopped before this.
- Prevention of seizures:
- Magnesium sulfate should be considered when there is concern about the risk of eclampsia.
- In women with less severe disease, the decision is less clear and will depend on individual case assessment.
- magnesium sulfate or an increase in the infusion rate to 1.5 g or 2.0 g/hour.
- Fluid balance:
- Fluid restriction is advisable to reduce the risk of fluid overload in the intrapartum and postpartum periods..[5]
- The third stage should be managed with 5 units of intramuscular/slow intravenous Syntocinon®. Ergometrine and Syntometrine® should not be given for prevention of haemorrhage, as this can further increase the blood pressure.
- (blood pressure >160/110 mm Hg or mean arterial pressure >125 mm Hg) is essential to reduce the risk of cerebrovascular accident. Treatment may also reduce the risk of further seizures.
- Intravenous hydralazine or labetalol are the two most commonly used drugs. Both may precipitate fetal distress and therefore continuous fetal heart rate monitoring is necessary.
- Fluid therapy:
- Close monitoring of fluid intake and urine output is mandatory.
- Pre-loading the circulation with 400-500 ml colloid prior to regional anaesthesia or vasodilatation with hydralazine may reduce the risk of hypotension and fetal distress.
- in primigravidae, well before term and with an unfavourable cervix.
- After delivery, high-dependency care should be continued for a minimum of 24 hours.%), renal failure  fetal growth restriction, low birth weight, preterm delivery, small for gestational age infants and.[6]
- Women who have had pre-eclampsia are at an increased risk of hypertension and heart disease in later life.[7]
- There is an increased risk of cardiovascular death in women with preterm pre-eclampsia in their first pregnancy and who have no subsequent children.[8]
Prevention
- Identification and appropriate action for those women with known risk factors at booking.
- Early recognition and appropriate action for those women with symptoms and signs of pre-eclampsia.
- Calcium supplementation in pregnancy has been shown to approximately halve the risk of pre-eclampsia.[9]
- Antiplatelet agents - eg low-dose aspirin, have moderate benefits when used for prevention of pre-eclampsia.[10]
- However, their use is still controversial. One study has shown that low dose aspirin has a small effect in the prevention of pre-eclampsia in women considered to be at high risk for the disease but it was not effective in reducing the risk in those at low-risk.[11]
Further reading & references
- Carson MP et al; Hypertension and Pregnancy, Medscape, Feb 2012
- Managment of Severe Pre-Eclampsia and Eclampsia, Guidelines & Audit Implementation Network (2012)
- Saving Mothers' Lives. Reviewing maternal deaths to make motherhood safer: 2006-2008; Centre for Maternal and Child Enquiries (CMACE), BJOG, Mar 2011
- Williams D, Craft N; Pre-eclampsia. BMJ. 2012 Jul 19;345:e4437. doi: 10.1136/bmj.e4437.
- Antenatal care; NICE Clinical Guideline (March 2008)
- Johnson DD; Induced labour for pre-eclampsia and gestational hypertension. Lancet. 2009 Aug 3.
- Hernandez-Diaz S, Toh S, Cnattingius S; Risk of pre-eclampsia in first and subsequent pregnancies: prospective cohort study. BMJ. 2009 Jun 18;338:b2255. doi: 10.1136/bmj.b2255.
- Bellamy L, Casas JP, Hingorani AD, et al; Pre-eclampsia and risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer in later life: systematic review and meta-analysis. BMJ. 2007 Nov 10;335(7627):974. Epub 2007 Nov 1.
- Skjaerven R, Wilcox AJ, Klungsoyr K, et al; Cardiovascular mortality after pre-eclampsia in one child mothers: prospective, population based cohort study. BMJ. 2012 Nov 27;345:e7677. doi: 10.1136/bmj.e7677.
- Hofmeyr GJ, Lawrie TA, Atallah AN, et al; Calcium supplementation during pregnancy for preventing hypertensive disorders Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2010 Aug 4;8:CD001059.
- Duley L, Henderson-Smart Dj, Meher S, et al; Antiplatelet agents for preventing pre-eclampsia and its complications. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2007 Apr 18;(2):CD004659.
-.March 29, 2014 - 10:16 am
$125 million down the drain.
March 21, 2014 - 1:21 pm
Breakin’ the law!
February 27, 2014 - 3:21 pm
Casual.
February 24, 2014 - 9:21 pm
“It’s going to be smoother in places like Maryland where governors are working to implement it rather than fight it. …
February 21, 2014 - 9:21 am
Life imitates art?
January 30, 2014 - 9:21 pm
Blue on blue.
January 20, 2014 - 2:21 pm
Fail.
January 18, 2014 - 1:01 pm
Giving it back
January 14, 2014 - 9:41 pm
“We’re flying this airplane while we build it.”
January 12, 2014 - 3:31 pm
Early warnings
January 6, 2014 - 9:21 pm
Geography.
January 6, 2014 - 5:21 pm
Maybe?
December 12, 2013 - 9:41 am
Rebecca Pearce’s resignation as director of the still-broken Maryland health exchange last week makes her the third blue-state exchange director …
November 20, 2013 - 1:21 pm
Failure to launch.
November 9, 2013 - 7:31 pm
Oof.
October 25, 2013 - 2:41 pm
“A lot of names were in those files.”
October 8, 2013 - 8:01 pm
Exceptions.
October 7, 2013 - 8:41 pm
Progress.
September 30, 2013 - 9:21 pm
Deadlines and incompetence. Sound familiar?
September 19, 2013 - 2:01 pm
Finish him.
September 13, 2013 - 7:21 pm
And he ain’t just whistlin’ dixie.
September 3, 2013 - 10:01 pm
Blitz.
August 4, 2013 - 2:01 pm
Reality is tough.
July 23, 2013 - 11:21 am
Full faith and credit.
April 18, 2013 - 9:21 pm
It pours.Mammoth Cabins
Imagine taking your next vacation at Mammoth Lakes, CA. This incredible area has everything you want from a retreat whether you visit in the summer or in the winter. You will only have access to the Sierra backcountry by foot or on horseback providing you with an incredible experience to enjoy nature and see some of the most incredible scenery in the world. In addition to the lakes, streams, mountains, and wildlife, there is even a nearby authentic ghost town where you will be greatly entertained by the history and authenticity one of the best preserved mining towns in the United States. Bodie Ghost Town is also one of the most famous mining towns of the old west and you will have easy access to visit from the Mammoth cabins that you can rent for your special getaway.
If you love the great outdoors, you won't want to miss the Mammoth Lakes Basin. This is the area for visitors to access numerous lakes, streams, and waterfalls that are as beautiful to look at as they are beneficial for fishing and boating. If you choose the winter months to rent one of the Mammoth cabins and enjoy the surroundings, you will have some of the greatest opportunities for cross country skiing on the scenic tracks around the basin. Grand Mammoth Resorts has units for vacationers to rent throughout the area so that you can have a luxurious stay while you enjoy the activities that are available. A special place for you to visit is the unique Mono Lake. The lake was created thousands of years ago with a high acidic content and has no fish in the lake now. There are many birds that make their home at the lake and feed on the "brine shrimp" that inhabit the lake. Be sure to bring along your camera and take some amazing shots of the collection of statues along the shoreline. These are the "Tufa" towers that are created from a limestone formation as a result of underwater springs beneath the lake.
If you want to learn more about this unusual lake, the Forest Service has an overlook point and information center where you can learn the history and formation of the lake. Mammoth cabins are conveniently available so that you can make all the interesting features of the area a part of your stay. When you go to to check on the availability of Mammoth cabins for your stay, make sure you take a look at the Rainbow Falls. Nestled in the Reds Meadow valley, this is a twenty minute drive from the Mammoth area and well worth the effort to see. This is the area where the lakes and the head waters of the San Joaquin River that runs all the way to the Pacific Ocean and you can access the falls by a short hike or horseback ride. You will see from the photo that this is an incredibly beautiful site even though the photo cannot do it justice.::Terms & Conditions
Vacation Club
Articles
:: Mammoth Mountain
:: Mammoth Press
:: Mammoth Lakes
:: Mammoth Rental
:: Mammoth Lodging
:: Mammoth Vacation
:: Mammoth Condos
:: Mammoth Cabins
:: Mammoth Reservations
:: Mammoth Mountain Lodging
:: Mammoth Lakes Vacation Rentals
:: Sierra Nevada
:: Bodie
:: Mono LakeThe filmmaker drops by on the sets of Dabangg 2 at Mehboob Studios to bond with Salman for two hours
Mehul S Thakkar (MUMBAI MIRROR; November 7, 2012) Mirror, .
4 Comments
Just look at Salman’s T-Shirt and slippers color, sangat ka asar ho gaya hain
One free advise for Salman, stay away from Karan kahin…..
lolzz..
good observation ….
Kjo is trying to get Salman for his home production since past couple of years.
Infact before ETT there were talks of Kjo – Salman movie with Rensil Silva as director.
Well in the current pipeline, I am eagerly waiting for the Barjatya – Salman movie to happen.
Time to get back to Indian traditions – The Barjatya Way..
Salman shouldn’t work with SRK gang, they will indirectly benefit srk. This will only enhance power of srk, kjo and their gang. Just like, they way srk is enjoying jthj release in the name of ETT.
Aditya chopra, KJO , SRK sab girgit kii aulad hai. Inka koi imaan dharam nahi. Agar kal kasab prime minister ban jata hai, toh yeh sab kuch bhool kar uske par pakad le.Pricewaterhouse Partner Named to Key S.E.C. Post
Published: August 15, 2003
Donald Nicolaisen, a senior partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers, was named chief accountant at the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday. The S.E.C. chairman, William H. Donaldson, turned to Mr. Nicolaisen, a 36-year industry insider, to fill a post that had been vacant since November.
Mr. Nicolaisen, 59, will lead the office that sets rules for accountants at a time when the commission has increased regulation of the industry in the wake of auditing failures that helped drive Enron and WorldCom into bankruptcy protection. Mr. Nicolaisen said his experience with the world's biggest accounting firm would not keep him from being tough and vigilant.
''I will enforce the law and demand that people act with integrity and ethics,'' he said at a news conference. ''As a regulator, I will ensure that investor interests are put above the interests of all others.''
The appointment of a Pricewaterhouse partner comes in the same week that the S.E.C. barred two of the firm's accountants from auditing public companies because of their roles in the audits of Tyco International and MicroStrategy. Mr. Nicolaisen will have to overcome the taint that the four biggest auditing firms have suffered from their involvement in recent accounting scandals, some accountants said.
Mr. Nicolaisen's ''first order of business will be to demonstrate that he represents investors and not PricewaterhouseCoopers or the accounting profession,'' said J. Edward Ketz, professor of accounting at Pennsylvania State University's Smeal College of Business.
The appointment is the first top staff position that Mr. Donaldson, who was appointed S.E.C. chairman in February, has filled. Mr. Nicolaisen will work closely with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board chairman, William J. McDonough, whom Mr. Donaldson appointed in April to lead the regulatory group, created last year by Congress to police the accounting industry. The S.E.C. oversees the accounting board.
Mr. Nicolaisen, who will join the S.E.C. in September, already has ''several key objectives on his plate,'' Mr. Donaldson said. The new chief accountant must restore investors' faith in corporate bookkeeping and help carry out the S.E.C.'s recent accounting rule changes that were set forth in last year's Sarbanes-Oxley corporate governance law.
Along with the accounting oversight board's inspection and discipline programs, auditors must now follow conflict-of-interest rules that bar accounting firms from selling some consulting services to audit clients and prohibit top partners from providing audit services to a client for more than five years. The oversight board is also writing new standards for audits.
Mr. Donaldson and other commissioners said Mr. Nicolaisen's experience at a major accounting firm gave him an inside understanding of the changes needed to clean up the profession.
''Throughout his distinguished career, Don has been a powerful agent of change whose leadership has helped identify, build consensus around and accomplish strategic objectives toward high-quality corporate financial reporting and disclosure,'' Mr. Donaldson said. ''His experience, expertise and enthusiasm will greatly benefit the commission and the investing public.''
Mr. Nicolaisen succeeds Robert Herdman, who quit in November after the botched appointment of the former FBI director William H. Webster to lead the accounting oversight board. A government review of the appointment faulted Mr. Herdman for failing to warn the S.E.C. commissioners that Mr. Webster had served on the audit committee of an Internet company that fired its auditors after they raised questions about the company's accounting controls.The controversy also led to the resignation of Harvey Pitt, the previous S.E.C. chairman.
About half of the S.E.C.'s 16 chief accountants have come from big accounting firms, officials said. Mr. Nicolaisen will be the 17th chief accountant at the agency.
Mr. Nicolaisen said that this week's enforcement actions at PricewaterhouseCoopers were not indicative of the firm's culture. He said he would follow the rules and recuse himself for a year from any matters involving the firm or his clients.
Mr. Nicolaisen joined the firm, then known as Price Waterhouse, in 1967 and headed its national office for accounting and S.E.C. services from 1988 to 1994. He helped engineer the firm's merger with Coopers & Lybrand, the S.E.C. said.
Currently, Mr. Nicolaisen is the firm's engagement partner for Prudential Financial Inc, the S.E.C. said.
''I think very highly of him,'' said Dennis Beresford, a former chairman with the Financial Accounting Standards Board who worked with Mr. Nicolaisen when he was a member of FASB's Emerging Issues Task Force in the 1990's. ''He comes in as a very senior, seasoned person at a critical time for the S.E.C.''Act like it's no tomorrow
from Chief Keef – No Tomorrow Lyrics on Genius
Meaning
Chief Keef is telling the girl to act like its no tomorrow and fuck him because that will only be her first and last chance to with him plus hes famous
To help improve the quality of the lyrics, visit Chief Keef – No Tomorrow Lyrics and leave a suggestion at the bottom of the page- NEWS
- THE MAGAZINE
- NEW PRODUCTS
- TRENDS
- INGREDIENTS
- TECHNOLOGY
- SHOWS
- OPINION
- RESOURCES
The Most Innovative New Products Awards were back again this year at the Sweets and Snacks Expo.
!Bruce Brendon Anoka (1970 - 2009)
Biography & Family History Add details
Bruce Brendon Anoka (1970 - 2009) was born on September 22, 1970. He was born into the Anoka family.
He died on May 20, 2009 at 38 years old.
Bruce Brendon Anoka's last known residence is at Minnesota.
This record of Bruce Brendon Anoka comes from the United States Social Security Death Index. What is the SSDI?
This look at Bruce Brendon Anoka's past is a collaborative effort by AncientFaces users like you Share any information you have to connect to the people who know them. Some Brendon Anoka Add details
- Given name
- Bruce
- Surnames
- Anoka family history
- Last Known Residence
- Minnesota
- Born
-
- Death
-
- Gender
- Male
- Sources
- Information on this page comes from the following source: U.S. Social Security Death Index
Obituary Add details
There isn't any info regarding Bruce Brendon Anoka's obituary records. You can add obituary information about Bruce Brendon Anoka by clicking "Add Details".
Discuss Bruce
Post your memories of Bruce Brendon Anoka and share them with the world, by entering your message in the box below. Anyone searching for Bruce will be messaged about your post.
Any discussion you start will be shown below for others to comment on. If you have a favorite story about Bruce you want to share, consider sharing a storyinstead.
Maintain this biography
Compared to other Anokas
The average lifespan in our database of 24 Anokas is 62.6 years old. Bruce Brendon Anoka lived -24.6 years shorter than this.See more Anoka statsProfits sag at Exxon and Eastern Airlines
New York — Exxon, the world's largest oil company, said decreased demand for oil products cut first-quarter profits this year by 22.5 percent and revenues by 10. 6 percent from the same period in 1981. Exxon reported profits of $1.24 billion on revenues of $27.11 billion in the latest quarter, compared with profits of $1 .60 billion on $30.32 billion in revenues for the first quarter of last year.
And another corporate behemoth announced big losses Tuesday. Eastern Airlines blamed the recession and discount fare competition on New York-to-Florida routes for a $51.4 million first-quarter loss. Eastern had a $4.1 million profit during the same period last year.You misunderstand the meaning of "dimensionless". I am talking about quantities like the fine structure constant, or particle rest mass ratios, or probabilities and ratios of probabilities, which are completely independent of length scales and coordinate systems. -- JS -----Original Message----- From: Steven Ericsson-Zenith <steven at iase.us> To: tchow <tchow at alum.mit.edu>; Foundations of Mathematics <fom at cs.nyu.edu> Sent: Fri, Feb 1, 2013 12:52 pm Subject: Re: [FOM] extramathematical notions and the CH I agree with Tim. But I note that there appears to be a more basic epistemological question relating to the choice of metric and Joe's belief concerning the nature of relations. Given any "experimentally measurable dimensionless physical quantity" a physicist is entitled to call this measure the unit length and compute other lengths with respect to it, thus all relative measures are subject to this choice of metric and accordingly it is these relative measures only that may or may not be a noncomputable real number. Steven On Jan 30, 2013, at 7:58 PM, "Timothy Y. Chow" <tchow at alum.mit.edu> wrote: > Joe Shipman wrote: > >> It's possible we could use physics to gain access to noncomputable objects, if an experimentally measurable dimensionless physical quantity is a noncomputable real number; in that case ZFC would only decide finitely many bits of the number and if we could measure more than that we would have new mathematical knowledge coming from physics. > > As I've argued before, this makes no sense to me. In your scenario, we have a physical theory that predicts that such-and-such a physical quantity equals such-and-such a noncomputable real number. The theory predicts (let's say) that such-and-such a measurement will be 1 if ZFC is consistent and it will be 0 if ZFC is inconsistent. We make the measurement and it comes out to be 1. > > According to you, we now have "new mathematical knowledge"; we now "know" that ZFC is consistent. But do we really? How do you rule out the following possibility: ZFC is really inconsistent and it's the physical theory that is wrong? Physical theories by their very nature are supposed to be tentative hypotheses that can be disproved at any time by observation. They can at most give us some *evidence* that ZFC is consistent---e.g., our current physical theories about how computers work give us some such evidence whenever we program a computer to search for a contradiction in ZFC and let it run for a while. > > If you allow us to acquire "mathematical certainty" of physical theories, then I don't see why CH is immune. For example, I've just come up with a brilliant new physical theory, which predicts that if CH is true, then under the surface of the Moon is a layer of green cheese, and if CH is false, then there is no such layer. All we have to do to settle CH is to go to the Moon again and start digging. My brilliant physical theory will give us new mathematical knowledge of CH by physical means. > > The "physics boundary" is not between absolute and non-absolute, but between finite and infinite. > > Tim > _______________________________________________ > FOM mailing list > FOM at cs.nyu.edu > _______________________________________________ FOM mailing list FOM at cs.nyu.edu -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: </pipermail/fom/attachments/20130201/1ddd763e/attachment-0001.html>Follow us:Follow Us on Twitter Like Us on Facebook Follow Us on Google+ Watch videos on our Youtube channel
David A. Kulber, MD, FACS
Clinical Chief, Department of Surgery
Director, Center for Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery
Director, Plastic Surgery Center, Cedars-Sinai Medical Group
David A. Kulber, MD, FACS, is Clinical Chief of Surgery at the Department of Surgery, Director of the Center for Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Cedars-Sinai, and Director of the Plastic Surgery Center at Cedars-Sinai Medical Group. He is a renowned specialist of plastic and reconstructive surgery and is a Professor of Plastic Surgery at the Keck School of Medicine, University of Southern California. Kulber is a diplomate of the American Board of Surgery and the American Board of Plastic Surgery and a member of the American Association of Plastic Surgeons, the American Society of Plastic Surgeons and the American Society of Surgery of the Hand.
Kulber is a recipient of Cornell University's Dicran Goulian Award for Basic Science Research in Plastic Surgery, Paul Rubenstein Award for Research Excellence, and the Saul Fox, MD Award for Research from Cedars-Sinai. He has served as a consulting plastic surgeon for the American Red Cross and has been a speaker at more than 50 national and international conferences.
Kulber is the author of over 50 peer reviewed articles and four book chapters, on a wide range of topics including breast reconstructive surgery, the treatment of keloids, monitoring breast implants, basic wound healing, laser surgery and resurfacing, the prevention of seromas (pockets of soft tissue fluid that builds up after surgery) and soft tissue coverage of upper extremity injuries. He has been featured in Discovery Health and People magazines, and is often cited in the media for his expertise.
Kulber received his bachelor's degree from the University of California, Berkeley and his medical degree from the University of Health Sciences/The Chicago Medical School. He completed an internship and a residency in general surgery at Cedars-Sinai , as well as a residency in plastic surgery at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center. Kulber completed fellowships in hand and microsurgery at New York University Hospital; in specialized reconstructive breast, head and neck surgery at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center; in maxillofacial and extremity trauma surgery at the University of Maryland R. Adams Cowley Shock Trauma Center; and in upper and lower extremity surgery at the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York.
Kulber's practice covers the spectrum of plastic, reconstructive and aesthetic surgery. For a list of his research activities and publications, please click here.
Kulber practices at 8635 W. Third Street, Suite 990W, Los Angeles, CA 90048. His telephone number is 310-423-5900.‘Smoke on the Mountain’When: 7:30 p.m. Aug. 8-10, 15-16 and 22-23 and 2:30 p.m. Aug. 11, 17-18 and 24-25.Where: Brenau Downtown Center.Cost: $17 adults, $13 seniors, students and children. Additional fee may apply if ordering by phone or Internet.Call: 770-536-4677.
After 21 years of entertaining audiences with the fun, family-friendly play “Smoke on the Mountain,” the Georgia Mountain Players is wrapping up its final showing.
The show is set in a church in the 1940s, where three elderly women are reluctant to have a Saturday night singing group in their church. During the play, the singing group, The Sanders family, goes from offending the women to changing their hearts. Luckily for the audience, laughter is provided no matter what the three “old bitties” — Miss Mildred, Miss Maude and Miss Myrtle — think.
Tickets are $17 for adults and $13 for seniors, children and students. Tickets are limited, call the Georgia Mountain Players at 770-536-4677 for reservations.
The play starts today and runs through Aug. 25 at Brenau Downtown Center on Main Street in Gainesville.
While case members described the end of their run as bittersweet, they decided to stop performing because of health issues among the cast and their families. The decision came soon after the death of box office manager, Charlie Robocker, who lost his battle to cancer in November.
Out of the entire cast, five founding members remain a part of the play.
The players are closing the performance with a strong season ticket base, Georgia Mountain Players managing artistic director Mike Martin said.
Martin, who portrays Stanley, said he is pleased with the time spent as a part of the group, even if it did not seem so good in the beginning.
“We started this 21 years ago, and we weren’t that impressed with it when we started,” he said. “The audiences just absolutely loved it, and all put together, it is a fantastic show.”
As an original cast member, he said the experience has been rewarding overall.
“It’s been fantastic. There has never been a show like this, before or since, that I know of,” he said.
Other than Martin, original cast members include Dianne Martin, Peggy Strickland, Linda Smith and Stan Lee.
Founding members will all feel a sense of sadness to end a show they feel so close to, said Jene Robocker, a founding member of the group.
“It’s just hard to believe that this is our 21st year,” she said. “I feel like the (Georgia) Mountain Players have been so blessed over these years.”
Robocker contributes the success of the play to the audience itself.
“We owe this to our patrons who supported us over the years,” she said. “Without an audience, we couldn’t put on a play.
“We may have to get a mop when this is over with to wipe up the tears because it means so much to us.”
Contents of this site are © Copyright 2015 The Times, Gainesville, GA. All rights reserved. Privacy policy and Terms of serviceThe first county cricket played at Leyton, which was bought for £12000, was on the June 15 1885. A year later, it was made the official headquarters of Essex. At first the ground was a mile from the nearest station (now Leyton Underground station) but soon a mainline link (Leyton Midland) gave more convenient access. In 1886 a new pavilion was built costing £3500.
At the end of 1922 Essex sold the ground to raise funds but agreed to lease it back. Poor results in 1931 and an escalating financial crisis led to that lease being terminated at the end of 1933 and the ground was taken over by the Metropolitan Police and the county's 48-year association ended.
In 1957, as Essex looked to take games to as many outgrounds as possible, Leyton returned to their fixture list and stayed there until 1977 when the county decided to centralise their matches at Chelmsford.
Leyton is probably best remembered outside Essex for the then world-record stand of 555 between Percy Holmes and Herbert Sutcliffe for Yorkshire against Essex in June 1932. The county's greatest success at this ground came in 1905 when they beat the touring Australians.The six seed. Region 20 partner Wayne finished fifth at the tournament. Region 17 winner Rich High defeated region 18 winner St. Joseph for third place.
The Green River High Lady Pirates played two games at state and lost both of them. On Thursday Wendover defeated Green River 47-39 and on Friday Milford defeated the Pirate team 63-36.
Against Wendover only three Pirates scored in the game. Taylor Johnson scored 14 to lead the team but Kira Engleman was right behind with 13 points and Sydney Thayn was right there also with 12 points. Wendover did not pull away until the final few minutes of the game.
Against Milford, Green River was down 21-14 at the half and then the Pirates were outscored in the second half 42-12 to blow open the game. Engleman scored 16 points to lead the team. Presley Lovato scored 4 points, Thayn 3 points, Johnson 2 points and Savannah Williams 1 point in the loss.
Congratulations to the Lady Pirates for making it to state.The Bakery Van
6,092pages on
this wiki
this wiki
The Bakery Van is a van that works at a bakery on Sodor. It appeared in an eighth season interactive game, made several appearances in the eleventh and twelfth seasons, and made a cameo in The Great Discovery.
Basis
The bakery van is based on vans built by Morris and Bedford in the 1940s and 1950s. The van uses the same body as the mail van.
Livery
The van's livery is cream with black wheel arches.
Gallery
The Bakery Van at Great WatertonI LOVE dressing up for Halloween!! This is E & I last year- he was Dwight from The Office and I was a cop… okay so we’re not the most coordinated…
This year, however, we will be!!! We went all over town looking for a good pair of these last night:
Care to take any guesses as to what we’re dressing up as this year?
Share this post:
- Marie-Eve
- Crystal
- ToshaWillie E Vernell or Varnell
My great grandfather's name was Willie E. Vernell or Varnell. Married Donie Virginis Blackwell. My grandmother was Nonie B and she was born on 01/02/03 in Montrose MS. She married James F Chapman and I know of 5 living childing. They lived in Delta City area in MS.This test consists of 5 short answer questions, 10 short essay questions, and 1 (of 3) essay topics.
Short Answer Questions
1. What did the three dressmakers and the author's mother speak of that made the author upset?
2. Where did the author run away from his father?
3. What association did the New York World hold for the author?
4. What did the big Italians sell and during what time?
5. What emotion does the author speak of in great length in Section 3?
Short Essay Questions
1. Describe what happened at the drugstore after the author's childhood therapy session.
2. Who does the demolished part of the author's childhood neighborhood remind the author of and why was she so important to him?
3. What did the second hand furniture shops remind the author of?
4. Twice a year, the author's mother would mourn her parent's deaths. What other significance did his mother's mourning hold for the author?
5. During the day the author's home was different than others. How was it different?
6. How does the author describe his childhood perception of the distance between Brownsville and New York?
7. When the author would play games with his friends, he would usually hide in the monument works. What was significant about the monument works?
8. There was one topic of discussion on the Sabbath nights that always made the author happy. What was that topic and why?
9. The author liked to go to the courtyard to hear music, why was there always music in the courtyard?
10. Describe the feelings the author first has when he enters his childhood neighborhood.
Essay Topics
Write an essay for ONE of the following topics:
Essay Topic 1
In what ways did the author choose to escape his daily life? Why did the author feel he needed to escape and why is he "walking" through a time when he felt the need to escape? What is he trying to escape from that he wrote the memoir/
Essay Topic 2
Shame is a recurring theme in the book. Using examples from the book, describe the 2 main causes for the author's shame.
Essay Topic 3
During the Jewish Sabbath the author's mother and the three dressmakers talk of their home and the traditions. What key elements of home do the women discuss and how did those elements differ from the modern society? When the three dressmakers talk of their "freedom" from the traditions of the neighborhood, what are they talking about? What emotion are they searching for and why do the author's parents feel this is an unattainable goal?In Her Own Sweet Time: One Woman's Unexpected Adventures in Finding Love, Commitment, and Motherhood
I read this book in one day. It, like the author, and like the problems she explores, is not perfect. Like the author, In Her Own Sweet Time is lovable and I eagerly devoured it for the stories she tells, the problems she outlines, and the social phenomena she identifies.
The question “What is the impact of new reproductive technologies (NRTs) on feminism?" is a recurring motif within this book. On the one hand, women have the unprecedented opportunity to choose when and how to become mothers—with a partner, with donor sperm, through intrauterine insemination, through in vitro fertilization or with the help of a surrogate. Women can freeze eggs at the peak of fertility for later use, and can freeze fertilized eggs for transplantation. Lehmann-Haupt describes all of these reproductive tools and her experience with them. I was delighted to see her go further and wonder about how they relate to feminism—its history, aims, and future. Women are ‘liberated’ to do it all and "on our own" (for "on our own" read: with an entire medical team. Ahem). The author wants to know whether is it okay—whether is it feminist—to want a partner, to desire love, and to hope for relationship and commitment.
Lehmann-Haupt does unwittingly import some of the old liberal feminist zero-sum assumptions about gender, which blunts the edge of her musing on the relationship between NRTs and feminism. Here, like many 1980s feminists that argued access to abortion makes women more like men and may be problematic to feminism, Lehmann-Haupt wonders if access to NRTs makes women more like men, and so may be problematic to feminism. Both arguments claim that the procedures in question—abortion and NRTs—allow women to deny their biological nature. It’s a convoluted syllogism: women's biological nature includes motherhood; men's biological nature does not include motherhood; when women act against their biological nature to preclude motherhood they are (acting) like men. No, it's not perfect, but hey, it's not my logic.
The fact that Lehmann-Haupt makes such a claim (that egg freezing allows women to deny their biological nature) now, decades past the Sex Wars of the 1980s and all of those old essentialism debates and appears unaware of the problems of this claim is noteworthy. It indicates that the question and meaning of nature is still a problem for feminism, and therefore, for American culture generally. There is still difficulty in developing a robust conception of what woman is and can be that allows for motherhood, but does not require it for "real" womanhood.
That being said, I definitely recommend In Her Own Sweet Time. It is refreshing to read about a woman who is struggling with questions about commitment, love, motherhood, technology, and feminism, and who is able to live with those struggles, say imperfect (but often very good) things, go on safari, travel with friends, date and cope with disappointment, and take her own sweet time with all of it.
Post new comment- Gender:
- Male
- Birthday:
- August 26
- Location:
- Massachusetts
aoliveri37
Aficionado, Male, from Massachusetts
- aoliveri37 was last seen:
- May 21, 2015 at 11:46 PM
-
About
- Gender:
- Male
- Birthday:
- August 26
Untappd: adamoliveri
- Location:
- Massachusetts
Several trades under my belt, can give references if needed.
Interested in: Kern River, Hill Farmstead, Russian River, Surly, Alchemist, Cigar City, Tree House (MA), NEBCO, New Glarus, Founders, Tired Hands., Oxbow
Mystic Brewery Friends of the Barrels Member
Night Shift Barrel Society Member
Idle Hand Enlightened Hands Society Member
The Rare Barrel Ambassador of Sour
Interact
Beer Karma | Points: 110(what's this?)
- Beers:
- 0 | Reviews: 0
Brewers: 0 | Beer Styles: 0
US States: 0 | Countries: 0
Wants: 0 | Gots: 0
Added: 0 | Pics Uploaded: 1
- Places:
- 1 | Reviews: 1
Brewers: 0 | Bars/Eateries: 0 | Stores: 1
US States: 1 | Countries: 1
Added: 0 | Pics Uploaded: 0
- Forum:
- Posts: 7 | Likes Received: 3Sacramento-San Joaquin King returns are plugging-up the rivers (okay, that may be mild hyperbole). Trollers had a great year. Oh, but I'll bet THOSE were 'hachery' fish! The Klamath had another bumper year; okay, I know a lot of those had the poor taste to return to the hachery, but according to fishery biologists, about 5% of the returns make wrong turns, that is migrate to a stream other than the one they originated from. A big problem is poor census techniques. (i.e. your highest probablity of finding something is WHERE you look for it. The variations from these census extrapolations, don't pass the 25 MPH test) I hope they ban ALL fishing: Commercial, Sport, and Recreational. You can't control what bites the bait. We can debate what levels of turbidity are endemic, and what are hazardous, but when you hook a fish, there's no doubt that's a "take". Shucks, at least 20% of all shakers die. How many 'released' fish are killed by those RobertRedford-esque fly fisherman? Oh yes, and what about those cute little (2000#) Stellar Sea Lions? -arne ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- ------- <dwheeler at teleport.com> wrote in message news:7cut3d$8k3$1 at nnrp1.dejanews.com... >TheThe History of Ancient Irish Civilization
[Pg v]
PREFACE..
But the book has a further mission. There are many English and
many Anglo-Irish people who think, merely from ignorance, that
Ireland was a barbarous and half-savage country before the English
came among the people and civilised them. This book, so far as it
finds its way among the two classes above mentioned, will, I fancy,
open their eyes. They will learn from it that the old Irish, so far from
being barbarous,
[Pg vi]
were a bright, intellectual, and cultured people; that they had
professions, trades, and industries pervading the whole population,
with clearly defined ranks and grades of society, all working under an
elaborate system of native laws; and that in the steadying and
civilising arts and pursuits of everyday life they were as well
advanced, as orderly, and as regular as any other European people
of the same period. They will find too that, as regards education,
scholarship, and general mental culture, the Irish of those early ages
were in advance of all other countries of Europe; that they helped
most materially to spread Christianity, and to revive learning, all over
the Continent; and that to Irish missionaries and scholars, the Anglo-
Saxons of the Heptarchy were indebted for the greater part of their
Christianity, and for the preservation and restoration of learning when
it was threatened with extinction all over England by the ravages of
the Danes.Paulinus, Saint (pôlĪˈnəs) [key],.
The Columbia Electronic Encyclopedia, 6th ed. Copyright © 2012, Columbia University Press. All rights reserved.LA Product Hunters
- Business & Professional
- 1520 2nd St., Santa Monica, CA, 90401
The Dos and Dont's of Pitching to Investors
Thursday, February 27th from 7 pm - 8:30 pm
hosted at The Unique Space in the Arts District
Fundraising is a grueling process for entrepreneurs. We will elaborate on this process from the VC’s perspective, but also share insights into what investors are looking for, how to prepare for pitch meetings, and, more importantly, what not to do when meeting them. We’ll get into specific tips on what to include (and exclude) from your pitch decks all the way to the subtle nuances to be aware of when fundraising.
Takeaways: The Dos and Don'ts of Pitching to InvestorsShare TweetThe.
The newly formed North Texas Emergency Communications Center will dispatch emergency support for Carrollton, Coppell, Farmers Branch, and Addison communities.
ARC-P On Premise provides departments and agencies a self-service cloud platform for infrastructure management inside the agency security boundary.
A new software appliance is designed to manage encryption keys and credential files securely in an enterprise data center.
The state has funded a governmentwide IT consolidation that would centralize 9,000 servers and 30 smaller data centers across 26 state agencies.
Miami-Dade County needed to streamline database administration and development to ensure that critical government services are constantly available and aligned to the needs of local citizens. Read this whitepaper to learn how the county accelerated database management and development tasks.. fitness facilities
- 24-hour front desk
- Arcade/game room
- Babysitting or childcare (surcharge)
- Bar/lounge
- Beach sun loungers
- Beach towels
- Beach umbrellas
- Beach/pool umbrellas
- Breakfast available (surcharge)
- Business center
- Children's club (free)
- Children's pool
- Conference space
- Conference space size (feet) - 23250
- Conference space size (meters) - 2160
- Dry cleaning/laundry service
- Elevator/lift
- Express check-in
- Express check-out
- Free self parking
- Full-service spa
- Garden
- Gift shops or newsstand
- Golf course on site
- Grocery/convenience store
- Lazy river
- Luggage storage
- Meeting rooms
- Multilingual staff
- Nightclub
- Number of buildings/towers - 1
- Number of floors - 7
- Number of outdoor pools - 3
- On private beach
- Outdoor tennis courts 6
- Pool cabanas (surcharge)
- Pool sun loungers
- Poolside bar
- Porter/bellhop
- Restaurant
- Safe-deposit box at front desk
- Shopping on site
- Smoke-free property
- Spa services on site
- Spa treatment room(s)
- Supervised childcare/activities
- Swim-up bar
- Tennis on site
- Total number of rooms - 489
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Free water park access
- Waterslide
- Wedding services
- Wired (high-speed) Internet access - surcharge
- WiFi (surcharge)
Family Friendly Amenities
- Arcade/game room
- Babysitting or childcare (surcharge)
- Children's club (free)
- Children's pool
- Cribs/infant beds (complimentary)
- Grocery/convenience store
- In-room childcare (surcharge)
- Lazy river
- Outdoor pools
- On private beach
- Outdoor tennis courts
- Refrigerator
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Water park access (complimentary)
- Waterslide
Internet
Available in all rooms: WiFi (surcharge) , Wired internet access ( 11.99 USD per night )
Available in some public areas: WiFi (surcharge) , Wired (high-speed) Internet access - surcharge
Parking
Free self parking
Room Amenities
- Air conditioning
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Cable TV service
- Climate control
- Coffee/tea maker
- Free bottled water
- Free toiletries
- Free cribs/infant beds
- Daily housekeeping
- Deep soaking bathtub
- Desk
- Flat-panel TV
- Furnished balcony
- Hair dryer
- Hypo-allergenic bedding available
- In-room childcare (surcharge)
- In-room safe
- Iron/ironing board
- Phone
- Pillowtop mattress
- Premium bedding
- Premium TV channels
- Private bathroom
- Refrigerator
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Shower/tub combination
- Wired high-speed Internet access (surcharge)
- WiFi .8th Inning WeirdnessTwitter Statistics
@8thInnWeirdness - Tracking since November 12, 2010
8thInningWeirdness is a San Francisco Giants Blog authored by Shaun and Shem. We are the sons of HCE and ALP, Livia's daughter-sons.
Bay Area
You are on 8th Inning Weirdness's Twitter stats page
We track these Twitter stats since November 12, 2010 . You can see how many followers 8th Inning Weirdness lost or gained and what the prediction is for tomorrow or the next 15 days, together with all kinds of other stats like rank compared to all Twitter users, tweets etc.
Why don't you give it a try and compare 8th Inning Weirdness to yourself ? Or if you are 8th Inning Weird"“To make this country more effective, a stronger rail network is absolutely vital," Mr Rowsthorn said. “And of course that involves incredible planning and incredible cost."
Mr Rowsthorn highlighted the planned inland rail corridor from the Port of Brisbane to Melbourne as “a really worthwhile project".
The Abbott government also had an opportunity to “right the ship" and change some policies put in place by the former government, he said.
“There is one piece of policy the Labor government put in place which was absolutely stupid – that was the protection of Australian coastal vessels around the country.
“It’s important that foreign-flag vessels can carry domestic goods from port to port to reduce prices. It was just a protection of union interests."
New Infrastructure Minister
Separately, the Australian Logistics Council’s managing director
“Greater effort is needed by all levels of government to improve supply chain efficiency to prepare the state for this unprecedented level of growth," Mr Kilgariff said. Freight volumes across Queensland are forecast to increase from 881 million tonnes in 2010 to 1550 million tonnes in 2021.
The Australian Financial ReviewJoin the 'Alesse-21' group to help and get support from people like you.
Alesse-21 Support Group
Summary
Our support group for Alesse-21 has 2 questions and 3 members. Updated 15 Feb
Further Information
Related Condition Support Groups
Contraception, Birth Control, Abnormal Uterine Bleeding, Ovarian Cysts, Endometriosis, Polycystic Ovary Syndrome, Gonadotropin InhibitionSlow Food Miami Snail of Approval Tasting Party & VIP After Party
The James Royal Palm Hotel
Miami Beach, FL
Share this event:
Get Tickets
There are no active dates for this event.
Not Available
Event
Slow Food Miami Snail of Approval Tasting Party & VIP After Party
Eat and drink philanthropically with Slow Food Miami for a tasting celebration to honor our 2013 Snail of Approval Award Recipients. Join Norman Van Aken and celebrity guest-host Louis Aguirre of Deco Drive for an incredible evening with an incredible line-up of chefs, spirits and wine at the James Royal Palm, South Beach, Friday March 15th from 7-10pm.
Indulge in exclusive bites from Miami's farm-to-table best, bespoke cocktails courtesy of Grey Goose Vodka, specialty wines provided by Vinecraft & the festive setting of the James Royal Palm.
This year's line-up includes:
1500 Degrees, Copperbox Culinary Atelier, The Dutch at the W, Eating House, The Edge Steak & Bar at the Four Seasons, Essensia at the Palms, The Federal, Harry's Pizzeria, Haven, Lido at The Standard, LoKal, Ocean Reef Club, Tuyo at MCI, Wynwood Kitchen & Bar, Yardbird Southern Table & Bar.. plus beer tastings by 2013 Snail winners the Abbey & Titanic, and more!
Tasting event tickets are $85 each, inclusive of bites, cocktails, wine & refreshments
Limited tickets are being offered for an intimate VIP after-party hosted by Florida Cookery from 9:30pm - 12am & featuring special guest, Chef Hedy Goldsmith of Michael's Genuine Food & Drink and author of "Baking Out Loud". The VIP party will also honor 2014 Snail of Approval nominees Kris Wessel of Florida Cookery and Matt Hinckley of Boxpark.
VIP tickets are $165 each (and inclusive of tasting party)
Discussion
Location
The James Royal Palm Hotel
(View)
1545 Collins Avenue
Miami Beach, FL 33139
United States
Categories
Food
>
Beer, Wine, Spirits
Food
>
Markets & Farms
Food
e327899@staticfiles.comBECKLEY - A fire in Raleigh County is being called suspicious on Tuesday by Sophia City Fire officials.
Chief of the Sophia City Fire Department, Jeffrey Pittman, said they responded to a structure fire on Stover fork road just after 12:15 PM. Nobody was home when the fire started and no pets were in the building. Livestock lived in the vicinity of this burning house, so firefighters kept the fire contained to ensure safety to the surrounding area. Residents had recently moved out of the enflamed trailer to a house just next door. Officials said the cause is suspicious. Sophia City, Sophia Volunteer and Mabscott Volunteer Fire Department all responded.
"There was no one living in the house, they were in the process of moving out...no electricity on the building so it is suspiciously set. They don't have insurance on it so its not an insurance job or anything like that so we'll contact the Fire Marshal's office," said Pittman.
Chief of the Sophia City Fire Department said because the house was not covered by insurance, it will be up to the family whether or not they want the Fire Marshal's office to do a full cause investigation.- Shopping Bag ( 0 items )
- All (6) from $1.99
-
- Used (6) from $1.99
Ships from: Tontitown, AR
Usually ships in 1-2 business days
Ships from: Toledo, OH
Usually ships in 1-2 business days
Ships from: College Park, MD
Usually ships in 1-2 business?
With a pleased sigh, Cassie McGuire smiled down at the delicately scrolled words she'd written in her diary. She resisted the temptation to dot the i in her name with a tiny heart. After all, she was two days past her eighteenth birthday and a woman now, no longer a child.
She ran her fingers over the lines, as though they were braille symbols whose importance she could discover through touch. They were important, because very soon this was who she would become—Cassandra Rafferty— and nothing anyone said or did could change that.
Ethan's wife.
She felt her heart go into a wild gallop. Sometimes she still couldn't believe it.
There was a knock on her bedroom door and Cassie jumped, startled. As usual, her father didn't wait for permission to enter. She had little time to slip her diary into her desk drawer before he appeared.
"It's getting late, cupcake," Mac McGuire said, offering her a tentative smile. They had barely escaped an argument earlier this evening, and he was obviously hoping all was forgiven.
She couldn't leave tonight without trying to make it right between them. Crossing the room, she gave him a hug.
He was a big man, barrel-chested, with skin turned to leather by years of riding in the hot sun. His full name was Donald Alastair McGuire, Scottish through and through, but everyone in East Texas called him Mac. The Flying M wasn't the biggest ranch in the Beaumont area, and it certainly wasn't the richest, but her father was well-liked and respected.
Cassie adored him. After her mother's death, it had been just the two of them. He was a good, loving father, a man of strong opinions, but possessing a tender heart. Especially where she was concerned.
Unfortunately, he could also be unbearably overpro-tective, and she hated that her marriage to Ethan had had to be planned in secret. When their absence was discovered tomorrow, her dad would be hurt and angry. Better to face him afterward with marriage license in hand. He would come to terms with it, though she couldn't bear the idea that he might not. But somehow, one day, she would make it up to him.
"I'm heading over to the Wheeler place for a little while," he said.
"Now? It's so late."
Josh Wheeler lived at the next ranch over from the Flying M. He had inherited River Bottom after his parents were killed in a car accident last year. The place was small, but had great potential, and Cassie's father seemed to have taken Josh under his wing.
"Josh says his prize mare is looking colicky. Probably nothing, but I thought I'd drive over and take a peek. I suspect he's just lonely and wanting company on a Saturday night."
Oh, no, you don't, Cassie thought. You're not drawing me back into a discussion about how I ought to spend more time with him. Josh Wheeler was twenty-five. He was smart, had sunny good looks and had been her best friend for years. Lately, he'd made it pretty clear that he had a romantic interest in her as well.
Unfortunately, she felt nothing for him except friendship.
In fact, tonight's near argument had been over Josh, who had asked her out on a date. She'd refused. Her father had thought she ought to reconsider, and Cassie had been forced to dig in and defend her decision without revealing the basic truth of the situation.
How could she go on a date with one man, when in less than twenty-four hours, she'd be married to another?
A sudden niggling worry made Cassie bite the inside of her cheek. In a few hours she was supposed to meet Ethan in the horse barn. The last thing she needed was to run into her father coming in the front door as she was going out. She'd have to be extra careful.
She faked a yawn. "Well, have fun, but don't stay out too late. Since tomorrow's Sunday, I think I'll sleep in."
"Don't forget that we're going to work Bandera at ten. Time for me to see what I've gotten myself into."
Bandera was the new chestnut stallion her father had purchased during his last trip to Dallas. He'd been delivered today, and from the glimpse Cassie had seen of him from her bedroom window, his sleek red coat and her father's auburn hair would make an arresting, impressive sight.
"Is Ethan supposed to help?" Cassie couldn't resist asking.
Her father shook his head. "The horse doesn't need to be broken. He just needs some manners."
"You will be careful, won't you? You're too old to be getting bounced."
"Brat! Not too old to keep young stallions and impudent daughters in line," he said, reaching out to tweak her nose. "I know how to keep my mind in the middle. But don't worry, I told Ethan to make sure Bandera stays tranked until we give him a workout tomorrow. Just a small second dose to keep him calm. I don't want all that pent-up energy exploding under me before I get a read on him." Her dad gave her an odd look. "Why do you ask if Ethan's involved?"
"Just curious," Cassie said with deliberate nonchalance. Had she been foolish to mention Ethan's name? "I like watching him work the horses."
"Stay away from him. He could use some manners, too."
"I don't—"
"I mean it. He's too rough around the edges to associate with anyone but the crew."
"Dad!"
Cassie couldn't help that surprised response. Her father never spoke about anyone this way. She tried not to look defensive or hurt, but the remark worried her a little. Once she was married, it would be crucial that the two men she loved most in the world get along.
"He seems very nice to me," she said quietly.
"I didn't say he wasn't nice, although he seems to like horses better than people. I said he was rough around the edges. He's good at what he does and he learns quickly.
He could make something of himself one day when he's ready to settle down, but that's a long way off. Stick to men like Josh."
Predictable men like Josh, she amended in her head.
To cut the conversation short, Cassie produced another yawn and caught the edge of her door. "I'll see you in the morning," she said.
He chucked her on the chin and started to turn away.
"Dad." Impulsively, she caught his arm, and when he turned back, she looked him directly in the eyes. Her senses were dull with misery at the realization that, after tonight, nothing between them would ever be quite the same. "You do know I love you, don't you?"
He grinned. "Love you, too, cupcake. More than life itself."
She rose up on tiptoes to kiss his cheek. Her throat suddenly felt tight at the thought of leaving him, deceiving him. But what else could she do?
Her decision had been made. She'd finally gotten up the nerve to follow her heart, and she wouldn't change her mind.
Not even for a father she loved dearly.
Precisely at midnight, Cassie slipped down the stairs, suitcase in hand. She didn't think her father had returned from the Wheeler place yet. The ranch truck wasn't parked out front, and there was definitely no snoring coming from his room.
Careful, Cassie. The first real adventure of your life. Don't blow it now.
She quietly let herself out and hurried along the path to the horse barn. Her heart was pounding in her chest. Not from fear, really, although it would be horrible if she was caught; mostly it was excitement that left her breathless with anticipation. In a matter of hours she and Ethan would be married, starting a brand-new life together. The night felt as though it held magic.
When they'd first met a year ago, he'd seemed so foreign, so different from the usual men who came looking for work at the ranch. He had shown up to apply for one of the wrangler jobs, without a horse, a dog for company or even a well-worn duffel bag. He didn't look or act like the other hands on the Flying M. The crews who worked the herds were either grizzled older men with a lifetime of scars and tall tales behind them, or college kids playing cowboy until school started again.
Ethan seemed to be neither. At twenty-one, he already had the physique of a man, with the soft edges of boyhood filed down to toned, lean muscle. He was handsome, but in a rough, slightly battered kind of way that actually made him seem better-looking than if he'd been conventionally attractive. And that devilish twist to his mouth—that made him seem slightly dangerous.
She'd heard that he didn't smoke or drink, and he kept to himself, never joining the other men who went into town on Saturday nights. Her father said he took his job seriously, which was a good thing, because everyone knew Mac McGuire didn't put up with slackers on the Flying M.
Initially, when their paths crossed, Ethan had been respectful of her position as the owner's only child, but he still unnerved her. He seemed so self-contained, almost secretive. Sometimes she had caught him watching her—a glimpse of soulful blue eyes under those long, dark lashes that perfectly matched his silky-looking black hair. She'd pretended to ignore his surveillance, but inside she had shivered.
He still made her shiver—though for completely different reasons now.
The barn door creaked open on rusted hinges. Several of the horses along the corridor moved restively and stuck their heads out of their stalls. Midnight visitors were uncommon at the Flying M.
She found Ethan in the tack room, and slipped up behind him to place her hands over his eyes. "Guess who? And if you say any name but mine, the wedding's off."
He turned and grabbed her up, grinning. "Hey there, darlin'. What's your name again?"
She laughed softly and punched his arm. He responded by giving her the kind of kiss she'd never experienced from anyone but him. He smelled of leather and spice and a heated male energy that sent tingles through her stomach.
She bathed in the heady delight of his touch, his scent, the nudge of his thighs against her legs. Her body hummed and sizzled, sparked by nothing more than simple contact, and he knew it instantly because he kissed her again, more slowly, more thoroughly this time.
She nestled against him, and when his hands pushed under her thin blouse, cupping her breasts, she almost stopped breathing. He was coaxing her body to life, his eyes speaking volumes of need and want and desire, and Cassie couldn't help but answer.
Slowly, savoring every murmur and sigh, she let her head fall back. She clutched his dark hair in both hands, bringing his head down. Ethan's mouth came against the pulse point at her throat, stroking with his tongue, teasing, raking his teeth lightly against her skin until she felt consumed by fire.
She let her fingers trail along his strong back, thinking of all the ways she'd daringly slide her hand down his body the next time they made love. They'd been intimate twice before, but she had been embarrassingly unskilled and nervous. Tomorrow, she would find the courage to be the aggressor.
She adored the weight and shape of him, the coiled strength of his biceps and the taut muscles of his stomach. His fingers were callused, and their texture as they moved over her body made a quick, jittery thrill trip through her.
She wanted more. She wished desperately for it.
But when Ethan's hand slipped to the top button of Cassie's jeans, her hand stopped him. She straightened as best she could, and though her body protested the separation, her brain demanded they go no further.
"We can't," she whispered against his ear. "We have to leave."
"You're early."
"I'm on time," she said as she shifted her clothes back into order.
"I hate a clock watcher."
"You should have thought of that before you proposed." Ethan's one failing—at least the only one she'd found so far—was that he was seldom punctual for anything unless it was a direct order from her father. "Still want to marry me?" she asked, smiling up at him and trailing a finger across his bottom lip.
He growled low and brushed his stubbled chin gently against her cheeks, as though branding her. "Yes, I want to marry you. I want to make love to you. I want to make babies with you and watch them grow up to make babies of their own." He caught her face in his hands so that their eyes met. "Good enough for you, princess?"
"Yes." She exhaled with a happy sigh. She loved this about him—the secret, tender sincerity beneath the rough, sexy exterior that everyone else saw. She liked to think that she was the only one who knew the real Ethan Rafferty, though the truth was, she'd fallen so quickly, so hopelessly in love that she knew little more about him than the most basic facts.
He talked so seldom about his past. She knew only that he'd walked away from an abusive home when he was eighteen and that his father had been a horse trainer in Kentucky, a great one, but that talent had drowned in buckets of booze.
For three years Ethan had drifted, but the talent with horses that he'd inherited from his father had made him believe he had a future. Someday.
Just who was this man she intended to marry? Was she really willing to walk out of the pampered life she had known, cut herself loose from her youth and the adoring shelter of her father's love to set her future on this unknown path?
Yes, she thought. It didn't matter. She knew enough. She knew the essentials of Ethan Rafferty, the shape of his courage, the depth of his heart, that quiet confidence that could make her believe that anything was possible. And it pleased her to think that she'd have an eternity to find out everything else about him.
He had latched on to one of her long, red curls, rubbing it between his fingers as though testing it somehow.
He loved playing with her hair. She pulled the lock through his fingers. "Stop that. I want it to look halfway decent tonight."
His fingers cupped her face. "Decent is much too ordinary a word to describe what I see when I look at you."
She lowered her head, embarrassed by the way his eyes caressed her.
A slow smile twisted his lips. "You really have no idea how beautiful you are, do you?"
She had no illusions about her looks. She might be blessed with her father's dark red hair, but she could never do anything with it thanks to the humidity of East Texas. She had inherited her mother's ready smile, but her lips lacked that full, pouty look that seemed to make men drool. For a while Cassie had actually prayed to have a perky cheerleader's nose, but with her Scottish heritage there was little chance of that.
Overview...