Retoxtony
09-27-2012, 02:18 AM
I'm thinking of a Joystick pro series tower for my 99 Prostar 205DD, but i can't seem to find any pictures of this tower actually mounted on a boat like mine. I really don't want to buy the tower without knowing how it will look, so if anyone has a pic, that would be great. Thanks.Journal Sentinel sports columnist Bob Wolfley offers his take on the local and national sports scene.
Prince Fielder and Miguel Cabrera hit their way on to Sports Illustrated cover
Miguel Cabrera and Prince Fielder of the Detroit Tigers are on the cover of Sports Illustrated this week.
Michael Rosenberg writes: .”
This is the second SI cover appearance for Fielder and Cabrera.
Fielder, the former Brewers' first baseman, has averaged 160 games a season since 2006. Through Sunday he has played in 404 consecutive games, the longest streak in the league.
Fielder says he is motivated to play every day in part because people say he is too big.
“If you can play every day, I don’t understand what’s wrong with my body type," Fielder said. "It might be the way to go."
Rosenberg reports that Fielder takes as much batting practice against lefthanders as any player in baseball in order to improve his on-base plus slugging (OPS) against lefties.
Fielder said Cabrera has "helped me a lot going opposite field" and that Cabrera's RBIs per game have jumped because of Fielder.
“You can see a difference,” Cabrera says. “They pitch me more . . . I see a lot of good pitches.”
4
Read and share your thoughts on this story.Quail Woods Apartments1657 Quail Woods Rd., Gastonia, NC 28054 View On Map (980) 272-0729
Quail Woods is the place for quality living in Gastonia!!
Quail Woods is located in the Charlotte Area in the 28054 zip code. View this apartment on a map.
Pricing & Floor Plans
Office Hours
- Mon.-Fri. 9:00 - 6:00
- Sat. 10:00-5:00
- Sun. - Closed
Features & Amenities
- Huge Floorplans
- Verticals and Mini Blinds Throughout
- Mature Landscaping
- Playground Area
- 24- Hour Maintenance Guarantee
- Close to Walmart, Target, Home Depot, Sams, Kmart
- All Electric Units
- Extra Storage Area
- Large Clothes Care Center
- Great Neighborhood
- Minutes from I-85, Shopping and Dining
- Minutes from Gaston Memorial Hospital
- Internet Access
- Private Patios and Balconies
- Swimming Pool with Sun Deck
- Pets Welcome w/Restrictions
- Close to All Your Favorite Restaurants: Chili's, Olive Garden, Logan's
- Convenient to Major Gastonia Car Dealers and Service Centers
Floor Plan Features & Amenities
- Extra Large Closets
- Disposal
- Washer/Dryer Connections
- Dishwasher
Maps & Directions
Professionally Managed By: Southwood Realty
Also visit us here: Visit this Property's WebsiteMy dad loves accessorizing his suits with a nice pen. Every few years I buy him a new one but it takes that long to save up! So glad I came across this 24 Karat Gold-Plated High Resolution Ball Point Pen with Sleek Black Gift Box! He will have an excellent Christmas this year. These pens make a great gift for dads and grads, so buy now and you won’t have to worry about it later.
List Price $159.99
Savings $147.00 (92%)
Final Price: $12.99
Specs Include:Metal: 24K Gold-Plated (99.99% purity)
Dimensions: 5.57” (L) x 0.54” (W)
Weight: 1.4 oz.
Packaging: Sleek Black Gift Box
Don’t need a pen ? Check out offers in these categories:Maryville Towers Apartments
Official apartment prices and pictures. Check Availability!
210 Mcghee St, Maryville, TN 37801
See Maryville Apartments near Maryville Towers Apartments…
The Ridge At Hamilton Crossing Apartments (more info)
Enjoy our fantastic location!
1 to 3 bedroom apartments from $775 to $1370
Call: (844) 300-6418check availability
Camellia Trace at Mountain View Apartments (more info)
1 to 3 bedroom apartments from $752 to $1104
Call: (866) 585-2049check availability
The Reserve at Maryville Apartments (more info)
Call for our great new rates
1 to 3 bedroom apartments from $795 to $1108
Call: (844) 218-3992check availability
River Hill Townhomes Apartments (more info)
You just found your new home!
2 bedroom apartment from $692 to $697
Call: (865) 312-7237check availability
Heritage Lake Apartments (more info)
Knoxville Overland, TN 37922
Come check out our move in specials today!!!
1 to 3 bedroom apartments from $785 to $1785
Call: (866) 377-9865check availability
The Reserve at Westland Apartments (more info)
1 to 3 bedroom apartments from $748 to $1298
Call: (865) 622-2836check availability
Northshore Woods Apartments (more info)
Come check out our move in specials today!!!
1 to 3 bedroom apartments from $635 to $855
Call: (865) 622-8149check availability
Mountain View Apartments (more info)
Come check out our move in specials today!!!
studio apartment: Call for rates
Call: 865-690-3544check availability
Windrush Apartments (more info)
1 to 3 bedroom apartments from $635 to $905
Call: (865) 622-6935check availability
Deane Hill Apartments (more info)
You just found your new home!
1 to 3 bedroom apartments from $615 to $925
Call: (855) 459-0729check availability
See Official Maryville Apartments Prices and Pictures. Check Availability!
Find a Fun Place
I love you guys. You have a great selection with tons of pictures and updated rents. Thanks - I found the perfect place. — Jasmine W.
Official Living Guide
See the Maryville Apartments Living Guide
Did You Know?
The average Maryville resident moves 34 days after starting their Maryville rental search.
Get Answers
Got questions? We're here to help. Get answers to all your apartment related questions…
See all questions & answers »Ash fucks Dawn behind stage before she goes on to her contest.
The cock-starved personages of Pokemon show cannot wait to get right to it ready for non-stop fucking action, aching for cocks in their mouths for their cum holes to be plugged and to have their big O’s!. Cock-hungry hookers of Pokemon XXX comic strip willing to do everything that it takes to make you rock-hard… personages get back and with detailed pictorial fuck reports and thatwill render your poker.28 September 2012 11:46 [Source: ICIS news]
LONDON (ICIS)--New registrations for commercial vehicles in the EU continued to decline in July and August, according to data from the European Automobile Manufacturers’ Association (ACEA) on Friday.
In July, demand for new commercial vehicles in the EU was at 135,344 units, down 5.1% year on year, following a downward trend which began in January.
“While the French (+0.7%) and British (+8.5%) markets expanded, Germany (-2.9%), Spain (-21.4%) and Italy (-28.4%) all recorded negative results,” the ACEA said.
Demand further declined in August, falling 12.4% year on year to 102,877 units, as downturn prevailed across the major markets. Demand fell 6.0% in Germany,,” the ACEA added.
A wide variety of chemical markets depend on demandRegarding Carter's post: David Frum raises a question to which I don't have a very confident answer, namely, is there some substantial public policy reason why creditors who lent on a security of real estate should be protected from cramdown in bankruptcy, while creditors who lent on other security are fully exposed to it?
It also hasn't been explained to me exactly how the now-dropped mortgage cramdown provisions were thought to represent a "bonanza for trial lawyers," as House Republicans contend (though such provisions may well be suspect on other grounds, e.g. because they would retroactively change a set of rules on which lenders had relied). Debtors who would have declared bankruptcy anyway, of course, already have hired lawyers, and it might seem the effect of a cramdown would be not so much to augment those lawyers' fees as to leave more in the estate with which to pay other creditors, such as credit card companies. I suppose the premise must be that lawyers will convince more persons who could have avoided bankruptcy to throw themselves into it so as to avail themselves of the mortgage cramdowns. Maybe that's the theory -- and I welcome explanations from those more knowledgeable than I -- but it still seems to me a stronger argument against the Durbin proposal was that retroactive alterations in lender priority should be avoided as far as possible.
More: Ted tells me the story is more complicated than this, and says he'll try to write something up explaining the issue in wider perspective.BRIDGEPORT -- The members of the UConn women's basketball team continued to say the same things after each of their four losses this season. Change was necessary. Without it, the Huskies knew they had little chance to reach their full potential and win a national championship.
UConn failed to change after two losses to No. 2 Notre Dame and another to No. 1 Baylor during the regular season. It reached a point where it was unknown if this group would be able to change, especially after another crushing loss to the Irish in the Big East tournament final at the XL Center March 12.
How would the Huskies use the break prior the start of the NCAA tournament? How would they fare once the NCAA tournament began? As the first four games have unfolded, UConn has provided the necessary evidence to make believers of their opponents and of those teams still alive in the chase for the national title. This is a different team. This team has changed.
This team is back in the Final Four.
"We took a new approach after we lost in the Big East tournament to Notre Dame," UConn senior Caroline Doty said. "We were done with losing. We were sick of it. We know if we lose again, the season is over, and we're not ready to be done. I think (Monday), coming out like we did with a big win over a great Kentucky team, everything's clicking at the right time and we're ready to do our work in New Orleans."
The Huskies, who will face Notre Dame in the national semifinals Sunday at New Orleans Arena in New Orleans, held a meeting in the days following the Big East tournament. Members of the UConn coaching staff had their say. Some players did, too. There were certain unidentified players who were not fully embracing the team concept. There were unidentified players struggling with their confidence. This had to change. And it has.
"I think we just made a conscious effort," UConn junior Bria Hartley said. "It had to change. I think the main difference is the unity and the belief that we have in each other and the belief that we have in ourselves, because if you're lacking confidence in something, how could someone else be confident in you doing something?"
This newfound unity and self-confidence have been on display throughout the NCAA tournament, which has been UConn's best stretch of the season.
The Huskies (33-4) have won by an average of 39.2 points, including a 76-50 win over fourth-seeded Maryland in the regional semifinals Saturday and an 83-53 win over second-seeded Kentucky in the regional final Monday. They are averaging 85.2 points on 53.8 percent shooting from the field. Defensively, they are allowing 46.0 points on 31.2 percent shooting.
"I think a lot of teams kind of dwell on losing, in general," UConn junior Stefanie Dolson said. "But our coaches do such a good job, and the upperclassmen, of controlling the mindset of the team and knowing that we lost, but we need to get it back.
"The NCAA tournament is a different time of the year, a different season. And we came out ready to play and ready to take it on. And I think we're doing just that."
Eight players are averaging at least 15.5 minutes in the tournament for UConn. Seven players are averaging at least 7.8 points. Six are averaging at least 3.8 rebounds.
Freshman Breanna Stewart (17.3p, 5.7r) was named the Bridgeport regional Most Outstanding Player. Kaleena Mosqueda-Lewis (19.5p, 4.7r) and Kelly Faris (7.8p, 5.8r, 3.3a) were named to the regional all-tournament team.
But the contributions of Dolson (8.3p, 8.5r), Hartley (9.0p, 3.8r, 3.8a) and freshmen Moriah Jefferson (9.5p, 2.3a, 2.5s) and Morgan Tuck (10.8p) have also been valuable.
The Huskies are no longer relying on Mosqueda-Lewis, Dolson and sometimes Stewart to carry them. They are in this together right now. And this is why their national championship hopes have not been higher.
"This is the first time in a couple of months that I feel like they're on the same page, we're on the same page with them as coaches, and they've become a team now," UConn coach Geno Auriemma said. "In February, there were times we were just individuals that were on the same team. We really weren't a team. This last month ... we've become a team. We deserve to go to the Final Four."
relliott@ctpost.com;;Don't look now but the New York Knicks have a five-game winning streak and currently occupy the No. 8 seed in the Eastern Conference. That's right, folks. The conference is so bad that a 15-22 record is worthy of a playoff spot, but you won't hear any Knicks fans complaining about that. Anyway, following New York's 98-96 overtime victory over the Phoenix Suns, Carmelo Anthony conducted a postgame interview and towards the end of their discussion, Melo came to the realization the Knicks play tomorrow against the Bobcats which spawned an incredibly priceless reaction. Wait until he finds out that it's in Charlotte.
RELATED: Carmelo Anthony: Badass or Jackass?
[via Hoops in the Sun]
Watch NowQuick set up with Rackspace Cloud Orchestration
Rackspace Cloud Orchestration helps you set up projects and servers with just a few clicks instead of lengthy installations. You can usually be up and running in less than five minutes, depending on the template that you choose and other factors. Cloud Orchestration provides templates for a LAMP stack to get your web server up and running quickly, a Minecraft server, and a WordPress blog, just to name a few. For the complete list of options, see Available Templates for Cloud Orchestration.
Create a Stack
Log in to the Cloud Control Panel and select the Orchestration menu.
To create a stack in the Create Resources menu, select Stack.
To create a stack in the Servers menu, click Create Stack from the Cloud Servers page where you would create a new server.
Enter a name and select the region for your stack.
Select a template and version to launch. To see information about a template, click the application name and flavor, and read the description. The template versions enable you to choose from different types of templates, ranging from single to multiple server, and to choose different types of database options.
Click Next Step.
On the Create Stack page, specify the operating system and server size. You will have other requirements to select, and these will vary depending on the template you selected and whether you chose single or multiple servers for your stack.
To get a price quote, click Calculate Price in the right pane under Stack Summary. There is no charge for using the Orchestration feature in the portal. You are only charged for the infrastructure that you use.
Click Create Stack.
You can view the status and progress of your stack build on the stack details page. All cloud infrastructure is shown in the infrastructure section. When the stack is in the Up status, the build is complete.
View stack details
On the stack details page, click View Credentials to get any sensitive information such as keys or passwords generated with the stack.
The bottom of the stack details page displays additional information about the application or framework that has been installed. You can use this information to build in additional capabilities into your installed application.
After the stack build is complete, you can use your installed application or framework. You can also manage your stack and the individual infrastructure in their respective locations in the control panel.
Delete a stack
In the Servers tab, click Orchestration to see a list of your existing stacks.
Click the action cog next to the stack that you want to delete and click Delete Stack.
Note: You can view all servers, load balancers, and databases that are part of your stack in their respective sections of the control panel. If you choose to delete an infrastructure component (such as a server, load balancer, or database) that is part of a stack, that stack is likely to become unstable. Exercise caution when deleting infrastructure components. To delete an entire stack, perform the stack deletion from the Orchestration section of the control panel instead of deleting each infrastructure component individually.
Scale a stack up or down
If you are an advanced users, you can use the custom template section to modify an existing template. You can also submit a custom template to create your own custom stack. For either method, click Next Step and then Create Stack to create the stack.
Click Orchestration.
In the Create Resources menu, select Stack and then click Custom Template.
You can modify a template with one of the following options available on the Stack Details page:
Paste or Upload a Template
Paste template below or upload a file into the editor.
Not sure where to start? Try copying and editing a Rackspace Template. Choose this option and select the template you want to modify, then click Customize Template. The template text will appear in the text editor where you can modify it.
Link to a template - Link a template in a Github or other repository in a YAML or JSON formats. Enter the link in the URL field.
Click Next Step.
© 2015 Rackspace US, Inc.
Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 Unported License
See license specifics and DISCLAIMERAbout This Game
- Summary
- Game Editions
Release Date: Jul 13, 1998
M for Mature: Animated Blood and Gore, Strong Language
Developer: Xatrix Entertainment
- US
- Redneck Rampage: Suckin' Grits on Route 66Publisher: InterplayRelease Date: July 13, 1998
Our attempt to answer issues which most commonly occur on IGN's wikis.Enjoy dramatic views of the Pearl River in our spacious Premier Riverview Rooms, which are designed with an inviting, contemporary décor.
Floor-to-ceiling windows with beautiful river vistas.
A spacious work area for your comfort.
The marble-floored bathroom contains plush bathrobes, slippers, premium Shangri-La toiletries, a soaking tub, and a separate, glass-enclosed shower.
Each room offers 42 sqm / 452 sqf of luxury.
1 Hui Zhan Dong Road, Hai Zhu District, Guangzhou, 510308, China
T:(86 20) 8917 8888
F:(86 20) 8917 8899
Location MapCogeneration System Could Save Food Service Restaurants $800/Mo
Owl Power Company has announced Vegawatt, a cogeneration system for restaurants and food service facilities. The system turns waste vegetable oil from a restaurant’s deep fryer into fuel to generate on-site electricity and hot water.
Any food service locations with fryers can use the Vegawatt system to save $800 per month, the company said. It is a fully automated system that requires no intervention or maintenance by staff, no additional chemicals, and produces no liquid byproducts.
While most restaurant owners receive between $0.10 t0 $0.25 per gallon of used cooking oil, the company says Vegawatt owners will achieve a value of $2.55 per gallon. Owl Power Company says new green energy incentives and Renewable Energy Certificates will increase the payback to the restaurant.
The system has been installed and running since last December at Finz Seafood & Grill.
In 2007, San Francisco launched SFGreasecycle, a free program in which the city picks up used cooking oil and grease from local restaurants and turns it into biodiesel to run city.Baka Beyond is a world music group formed in 1992 with members from a wide variety of backgrounds and cultures, fusing Celtic and other western music styles with traditional Baka music from Cameroon.
This area is intended for discussion only. If you have a question about your order, or require customer service you can get in touch via our Customer Service Area. Comments enquiring about existing orders, including personal details, or with questions will be deleted.San Antonio, TX (PRWEB) January 27, 2014
The Lancer Corporation recently launched the Spartan Beverage Dispenser, a compact, versatile dispenser with a small price tag that provides consistent quality fountain drinks. Made with the highest quality materials, the Spartan is designed to go where other dispensers haven’t before.
Intended to make the most of your limited space, the Spartan frees an operator from having to mess with cases or pallets of product. An entire pallet of product is equal to just three BIBs. This space savings is also a cost savings and healthier for the environment. Fountain beverages save the environment from the transportation and packaging waste of prepackaged drinks. Fountain drinks are fresh, mixed at the point of dispense instead of bottles or cans that have been sitting stagnant since being packaged at the factory.
The Spartan’s modular design allows for multiple configurations including two, three or four valves, built-in plain water booster, chiller configuration, cabinet assembly alternative graphics and optional refrigeration systems. The Spartan is a turnkey solution, perfect for low volume commercial accounts, an office, break room, concession stand or home bar, outdoor kitchen or man cave. The Spartan comes with an on board chiller, carb/non-carb flexibility, consumes minimal energy, is easy to install, and is backed by the industry leading Lancer Service Network. Spartan, Big value in a small, economical machine..Daisy martin
Contact Panel
Daisy martin's Interests
Daisy martin's RP Experiences
Last Updated: April 27, 2013
More about Daisy martin and some RP advice!
Daisy martin's Blog Entries
There are no blog entries posted by this user.
Daisy martin's RPGC Buddies
daisymartin does not have any buddies to list. It must be the big "L" tattooed on daisymartin's forhead. Add this poor soul to your list, help him erase that big "L".
Daisy martin's Buddy CommentsOpen House Thursday on Railroad Quiet Zone Study
December 20, 2006
The public is invited to an open house from 5 to 6:30 p.m. Thursday, December 21 to discuss the preliminary findings of the quiet zone study conducted for the Lincoln-Lancaster County Railroad Transportation Safety District (RTSD). The meeting will be at Dawes Middle School, 5130 Colfax Avenue (use the south entrance). Brief presentations will be given at 5:15 and 6 p.m.
A quiet zone is a section of railroad line where locomotive horns are not routinely sounded. The City of Lincoln and the RTSD are considering creating a railroad quiet zone along the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway corridor in northeast Lincoln from 33rd to 70th streets.
The public will have an opportunity to view displays and discuss the proposals with representatives of the City Public Works and Utilities Department and Kirkham Michael Consulting Engineers.
For more information, the public can contact City Engineer Roger Figard at 441-7711 or Rick Haden of Kirkham Michael at 477-4240.Calendar
Resent Stories
Archive for March 3rd, 2014
OACC Presents: #APIVoicesPosted on March 3, 2014 | No CommentsThe Oakland Asian Cultural Center (OACC) is proud to present their national #APIVoices YouTube Video Contest! This is YOUR chance to share a topic that you feel is relevant to the Asian Pacific Islander (API) community, and challenge the stereotype that social issues do […]
Peace Project Helps Rebuild Village in Philippines Devastated by Typhoon HaiyanPosted on March 3, 2014 | No CommentsIn rapid response to Typhoon Haiyan/Yolanda, Los Angeles-based non-profit, The Peace Project, is mobilizing “Family to Family” – an unprecedented effort to connect families worldwide to families in the Philippines to build 200 or more “instant houses” in the city of Santa Fe […]
Innovation Dialog: Innovation Dialog –Social Media Big Date, Anther Bubble?Posted on March 3, 2014 | No CommentsHost: Diana Ding, Founder of Ding Ding TV Guest: Dr. Wei Li, Cheif Scientist, Netbase This interview is about social media big data. The interviewee Dr. Wei Li is a Silicon Valley seasoned expert in social media mining using natural language processing. […]Our picks
Abstract arts: West Pasco Art Guild and Gallery celebrates an opening reception for "Abstract and Beyond" from 5 to 7 p.m. Friday at the gallery, 6206 Jefferson St., New Port Richey. Free. (727) 841-7732.
Pulling your weight: Garden tractors of all sizes, makes and models pull weighted sleds during the Truck and Tractor Pull at noon Saturday at Pioneer Florida Museum, 15602 Pioneer Museum Road, Dade City. Sign-in is at 9 a.m. for participants. Cost for participants: $15 per pull for adults, $10 per pull for youths. Cost for spectators: $8, $6 for seniors, $4 for ages 6-18, free for ages 5 and under. (352) 567-0262.
Visit toyland: The 18th annual Die-Cast Toy Show, featuring Hot Wheels, Matchbox, Johnny Lightning, Hot Wheels races and a die-cast customizing contest, is from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sunday at Jasmine Lakes Community Center, 7137 Jasmine Blvd., Port Richey. $3. (727) 207-3128.
Think ahead: Learn the basics of Olympic rowing/sculling from 9 a.m. to noon, enjoy a classic car show from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., and partake in a silent auction during Dan Voelker's Row and Drive for Hospice on April 20 at Laird Park, located at Collier Parkway and Parkway Boulevard. Participants ages 13 and older may sign up to row in advance or on the day of the event. (813) 996-4718.
Family fun
Sponges, arts and crafts: Enjoy fine arts and crafts, food and music at the Tarpon Springs Sponge Docks Art and Craft Festival from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday at the Sponge Docks, along Dodecanese Boulevard. Free. (352) 344-0657 or tnteventsinc.com.
Leaping lizards: The Reptile Expo 2013 features live creatures, archery, a gopher tortoise walk, a reptile handling area and presentations from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday at Chinsegut Conservation Center, 23212 Lake Lindsey Road, Brooksville. Food and refreshments available. Free. (352) 754-6722.
Girl power: Based on the popular books and dolls, Meet the American Girls features the stories of Molly, Felicity and Samantha. The show runs at 3 and 7 p.m. Saturday and 1 and 5 p.m. Sunday at the Acting Studio, 122 Flagship Drive, Lutz. $12; discounts available for groups of 10 or more. (813) 386-6687 or newtampaplayers.org.
On stage
Groove to the oldies: The Shops at Wiregrass continues the free Concerts on the Circle series with '70s music by the Black Honkeys from 6 to 9:30 p.m. Thursday at the shops' valet circle, 28211 Paseo Drive, Suite 100, Wesley Chapel. (813) 994-2242 or theshopsatwiregrass.com.
Tunes by Timpanelli: John Timpanelli performs with special guest Jonathon Timpanelli at 6 p.m. Saturday at Colorama Music, 9302 Denton Ave., Hudson. Dinner and show, $27; show only, $10. Lunchtime show also available at 12:30 p.m. (727) 863-7539 or coloramamusic.com. Timpanelli also performs with Sara DelBeato and Meghan Seltman at 3 p.m. Sunday at St. Stephen's Episcopal Church, 5326 Charles St., Port Richey. $15. (727) 849-4330.
High jinks ahead: No Sex Please, We're British, a farce about a couple who accidentally receive a flood of unwanted pornography, will be shown at 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday and 2 p.m. Sunday at Tarpon Springs Performing Arts Center, 324 Pine St. $20, $17 for members and students. (727) 942-5606 or tarponarts.org.Gender: Female
Birthday: 08/07
View Journal
someday i'll come up with a journal name that isn't an old meme
View All Comments
View Store
View All Comments
Thank you for your purchase ♡
♧ ♢ ♧ ♢ ♧ ♢ ♧ ♢ ♧ ♢ ♧ ♢ ♧ ♢ ♧ ♢
Thank you for your purchase.Personal Loan After Bankruptcy
by Gary Foreman
I filed bankruptcy about a year ago. I understand that a secured credit card would help to re-establish my credit. What I want to know though is that even if I've filed bankruptcy, is it possible for me to obtain a personal loan? If so, do you know of any establishments that would offer loans to someone who has filed bankruptcy?
Thank you,
Vi
With current bankruptcy rates, Vi has company. And, in a society where the availability of consumer debt is assumed, she's got a real problem.
Before we get into specifics, let's learn a little about credit and debt. The first known use of credit was about 3,000 years ago in Assyria, Babylon and Egypt.
It appears that debt came to American with the Pilgrims. They consolidated their debts in London and made four installment payments.
Store credit was common all the way back in colonial times and has been popular throughout our nation's history. Many items, including sewing machines and vacuum cleaners, were introduced into our homes on the installment plan.
The first credit card came out in 1951 and was only good at 27 New York restaurants. Once the magnetic strip was introduced in the early 1970s, the use of credit cards skyrocketed.
But, having all the credit available has a dark side. Some people take on too much debt and have trouble repaying their loans. Thus the need for bankruptcy protection.
We've come a long ways from the debtor's prisons that existed until the early-1800s. Yet, even today, you can land in jail for committing debts of fraud and child support.
With a few exceptions (student loans, child support and alimony), bankruptcy wipes out all debts. That's the good news.
But, as Vi's found out, the bad news is that a bankruptcy is the worst thing that you can have on your credit report. Depending on the circumstances, it can remain there for up to 10 years.
So where does that leave Vi? She's looking for a personal loan. Hyperdictionary.com defines a personal loan as "a loan that establishes consumer credit that is granted for personal use; usually unsecured and based on the borrower's integrity and ability to pay."
So the lender doesn't have anything to repossess, just Vi's promise that she'll repay the loan. By declaring bankruptcy before, she's already demonstrated that she's willing to walk away from her debts.
Can Vi find someone who will give her a personal loan? Yes, possibly she can. But unless she borrows from a friend or relative, she can expect to pay much higher rates than someone with an average credit report.
Where would Vi find a loan? She might want to try online using a search for "subprime personal loan." Or look for a business that offers "payday loans" or "signature loans" locally.
But a better question for Vi to ask is should she take the loan if she can find it. And the answer in almost all situations is no. First, she'll be paying very high interest rates on the money she borrows. That means that she can't afford to borrow except for a very short period of time.
Second, it makes it harder to repair her credit rating. As she pointed out, she needs to get a secured card to begin the rebuilding process. A secured card will require her to save money first and then deposit it on account.
A personal loan with a high rate of interest will make it impossible for her to save the money needed to obtain a secured card. That means she's going backwards.
Vi didn't say why she wanted the personal loan. But unless it's absolutely vital, she'll be better off avoiding a personal loan at this time. That probably means not buying something that she really wants or may even feel that she needs. And, that's hard. But given her circumstances, borrowing money today could make the future just that much harder. Which is probably something that Vi really doesn'tCrawford County Conservation Agent Tim Tallent is MDC agent of the year
CRAWFORD COUNTY, Mo — A conservation agent has a complex job that goes far beyond enforcing Missouri’s Wildlife Code. It involves a mix of public relations, youth mentoring and occasionally, even traditional law-enforcement.
Each year, the Missouri Department of Conservation (MDC) selects one conservation agent to receive the distinguished Missouri Outstanding Conservation Agent of the Year Award. This year’s recipient was Crawford County Agent Tim Tallent.
Tallent was chosen Missouri Outstanding Conservation Agent of the Year for 2012 out of approximately 200 conservation agents in MDC’s Protection Division throughout the state. His selection was based on nine criteria considered key to effective performance of the job.
“When we looked at all those things, Tim really stood out,” said MDC St. Louis Region Protection Supervisor Chris Morrow. “He’s an outstanding agent. It’s no wonder that he won the state award. He’s one of the best agents in the state... in all facets of the job.”
Tallent has been a conservation agent with MDC since 2000. After graduating from Meadow Heights High School, he went on to earn a bachelor's degree in Criminal Justice and a minor in Agriculture from Southeast Missouri State University in Cape Girardeau. His diverse professional background includes serving as reserve deputy for the Bollinger County Sherriff’s Department, reserve officer for the Cape Girardeau Police Department, Washington County Sherriff’s Deputy and a park ranger with the Missouri Department of Natural Resources.
But it was long before he acquired these experiences that Tallent was already charting his career path.
“I think if you talk to most agents, the majority of them will say they wanted to do this from a very young age,” said Tallent, who was raised near Patton in Bollinger County.
“Growing up, I loved to hunt and in fish,” Tallent remembered. “I did see a lot of wrong doing, and for those of us who did it right, it was very frustrating.”
He considered the conservation agent’s job as a perfect fit. “I could work in the resource and try to ensure that things were being done right, and also help make sure future generations have the same outdoor opportunities that I had,” he said.
It’s not surprising that Tallent finds catching someone who is damaging natural resources one the most rewarding parts of the job. According to Tallent, successful arrests of poachers, pre-season turkey hunters and deer spotlighters usually require a lot of hard work, long hours in the field and a strong commitment to the job.
Tallent’s law enforcement achievement’s go beyond wildlife violations. He also routinely patrols conservation areas for other criminal activity. He made many misdemeanor and felony drug arrests on MDC areas and river accesses in 2011. In addition, Tallent regularly helps the Missouri Highway Patrol and the Crawford County Sheriff's Department with problems that occur on the float streams during the summer.
A conservation agent is required to do much more than law enforcement duties however. To the citizens they contact, agents are often the only face of MDC, making good public relations skills a top priority.
“He also has very strong community relations programs,” Morrow observed. He noted that despite Crawford County’s relatively modest population, Tallent maintains one of the highest numbers of education programs in the state.
Tallent said he enjoys the opportunities he has to work with the area youth he encounters during his work at community fairs, school presentations, youth hunting clinics and hunter education classes. He views it as an opportunity to pass on Missouri’s hunting, fishing and resource management traditions for the future. He said a lot of today’s conservation agents got their inspiration from agents they knew or met when they were growing up.
As the 2012 award winner, Tallent will travel to Hot Springs, Arkansas this fall to attend the Southeastern Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies (SEAFWA) annual conference and awards banquet. There, he will compete with other state officer of the year winners for the 2012 SEAFWA Conservation Officer of the Year award.
But perhaps Tallent’s highest commendation comes from his fellow conservation agents. “His job knowledge is great,” said Morrow, “Other agents always routinely ask him his opinions.”
He added, “He’s just a good all-around agent.”
Tallent, 40, lives in Sullivan with his wife and two children. He enjoys spending time camping with his family in Missouri State Parks, as well as bow hunting for deer and turkey.Surcorey Odums was indicted for a 3-year-old homicide.
- Filed Under
A Caddo Parish grand jury has indicted a suspect in a three-year-old shooting that claimed the life of a Shreveport man.
Surcorey Odums was indicted on second-degree murder in James Pouncey's 2011 death, according to officials.
On Feb. 11, 2010, Shreveport police responded to a shots fired call at the intersection of Wallace Avenue and Fuller Street. Upon officers' arrival at the scene, police located Pouncy, 41, inside a green SUV suffering numerous gunshot wounds to the upper body. ...May 11, 2012
OBAMA CAMPAIGN ADDS ‘CLEAN COAL’ TO WEBSITE AFTER REPUBLICAN OUTCRY: Well that’s what the headline at Yahoo says, even though this is more fallout from Obama’s debacle in the Democratic primary in West Virginia. The link is also a follow-up to yesterday’s post, here.
UPDATE: From Conn Carroll at the Washington Examiner, “Obama evolves on coal.”
MORE: Words, just words, as the president is wont to say.Free standard shipping over EUR 75.00
EUR 69.00
Approximate size: 16 cm
Featuring an exclusive Cabochon cut Crystal Golden Shadow, this bracelet stands for purity and modernity. It comes on an adjustable, beige braided leather cord. Create an amazing effect by combining it with the Vanilla Crystal Golden Shadow necklace.
Article no.: 5032764On Wednesday, MTV started to replace its online artist info pages with dynamic profiles that will become the hub of the network's online presence and TV programming. Artists.MTV uses Songkick to pull up tour dates, Topspin to sell merchandise and the Echo Nest to determine artist similarity.
"We needed an anchor for all the artist-centric things we've been doing on all our different screens," Shannon Connolly, Viacom's Senior VP of Digital Music Strategy, told Rolling Stone. "There was a lot left to be desired when it came to music discovery."
Artists.MTV takes a page from MySpace's formerly successful formula by letting artists take full control of their image on their profile. Artist can claim their MTV profiles to promote upcoming albums, release new videos or reveal tour dates. Unclaimed profiles are populated with social media feeds from the artists as well as music videos and TV footage from the MTV archives.
But it's not just the Gagas and the Pinks of the world who will get to benefit from MTV's new social experiment. Unsigned artists will also be able to create a profile, promote their music and profit from the MTV brand.
"MTV has always been about breaking artists," Connolly said. Artists.MTV will give independent artists not only a chance to connect with fans but also the opportunity to submit their music directly to MTV.
"Whether we are looking to use a song on Teen Mom or a new EDM video to play on rotation or an artist to open up for Unplugged, we are the only ones that can put your music on TV," Connolly said.
Currently in beta, MTV is planning an official public launch of this new platform during this year's Video Music Awards on September 6th. Although details haven't been revealed fully yet, viewers should expect an integration of Artists.MTV during one or several of the show's performances.
In October, MTV will launch a mobile app titled My Artists, which will be a promotional news feed of acts on the platform. In November, Artists.MTV will expand to include the CMT and Vh1 brands.
Add a Comment30-year fixed-rate mortgages inch up to 4.86%
Published 4:00 am, Thursday, March 31, 2011
Caption
FILE - This file photo from June 10, 2008, shows David Sokol, Chairman of MidAmerican Energy Holdings Co., in Omaha, Neb. Sokol, once thought to be a possible successor to investor Warren Buffett, has resigned.Photo: Nati Harnik, AP
Number of the day
4.86%
That's the average interest rate for a 30-year fixed mortgage in the week that ended Thursday, according to Freddie Mac. The rate fell to a record low of 4.17 percent in November as home foreclosures dragged on, then climbed above 5 percent in February. After dipping to 4.76 percent this month on turmoil in the Middle East and the nuclear crisis in Japan, loan rates are creeping up again.
Hear here
"That's the type of thing you might do at another hedge fund, but you don't do it at Berkshire."
Lawrence McDonald, a financial pundit and author, on a controversy at Warren Buffett's investment company, Berkshire Hathaway. David Sokol, an executive at the firm, invested in Lubrizol shares and then recommended that Berkshire acquire the business. The deal sent the stock up 28 percent, which meant Sokol stood to make as much as $3 million on the trade. He resigned from Berkshire this week, saying he believed he did nothing wrong.
Heads up
Automakers release sales data for March today, giving a fresh glimpse of the industry's comeback efforts. One sign that manufacturing has picked up: The United Auto Workers said Thursday that its membership climbed 6 percent to 376,612 in 2010 - the first gain in six years. Still, that's near the lowest level since 1940, the year before the UAW organized Ford.Aliens: Colonial Marines – They Mostly Come at Night Guide [Newt Easter Egg]
If you’re hunting for the tricky Aliens: Colonial Marines achievement / trophy “They Mostly Come at Night” then you’ve come to the right place, because we’ve got a guide below telling you how to find the hidden doll’s head. In a reference to Newt, the little girl from James Cameron’s Aliens, players can find the severed head of the girl’s doll deep in the creepy passages beneath Hadley’s Hope. Get all the details below, and check out this easter egg for yourself.
Tired of getting eviscerated by aliens? Get help with our Aliens: Colonial Marines video guide for a friendly voice showing you how to finish every mission. Get more secrets like this on the Aliens: Colonial Marines cheats list.
Mostly Come at Night Achievement Guide
Level: Mission 5 – The Raven
Details:
- To find the doll head and unlock this achievement / trophy, load Mission 5: The Raven and fight to the creepy room containing the new alien breed called Boilers.
- Here, you’ll need to sneak past the Boilers and turn a switch to cause a distraction, killing all the Boilers. Once you’ve flipped the switch and gotten rid of the aliens, continue down the path leading to the generator (that thing making all the noise) toward a four-way junction.
- The four-way junction has a dark dead-end to the right. Check it out, and get close to the barrels to spot a baby doll’s head. Interact with it, even if no interaction prompt appears, to unlock this achievement.
- This collectible is found before reaching the second larger area where more Boilers are waiting..
1 Comment on Aliens: Colonial Marines – They Mostly Come at Night Guide [Newt Easter Egg]
Tiagonal
On February 12, 2013 at 6:47 am
Those boiler unfitting segments left me craving even more a game about Newt’s lonely weeks in LV-426. I took the Easter Egg as an insult to the concept, mostly.A metering and dispensing apparatus is disclosed for metering and dispensing liquid bath products such as shampoo, rinse conditioner, bubble bath and body oil comprising a plurality of pump dispenser secured to a rack member wherein the rack member has a securing device affixed thereto by which the rack member and dispensing apparatus may be readily affixed to a wall in the bathroom, especially a wall adjacent or next adjacent a shower stall, a bath tub or a bath and shower combination.
FIG. 1 is a perspective view of one embodiment of the novel metering and dispensing apparatus for liquid bath products of the present invention.
FIG. 2 is a side elevation in section of one embodiment of a single member of the plurality of members employed in the novel metering and dispensing apparatus for liquid bath products of the present invention.
FIGS. 3 and 4 illustrate the operation of the one way valves employed in the pump dispenser according to one embodiment of the present invention.
The prior art dispensers employed for the supply of liquid bath products suffered the disadvantage that only one product could be dispensed therefrom and further were not adapted to be readily mounted on walls adjacent or next adjacent shower or bath facilities.
It is therefore an object of the present invention to overcome these and other difficulties encountered in the prior art.
It is a further object of the present invention to provide a metering and dispensing apparatus for dispensing a plurality of liquid bath products.
It is also an object of the present invention to provide such an apparatus comprising a plurality of pump dispensers secured to a rack member having a securing device affixed thereto by which the rack member and the metering and dispensing apparatus may be readily secured to a wall.
These and other objects have been achieved according to the present invention which will be further understood by reference to the disclosure and claims that follow as well as the appended drawings.
Referring to FIG. 2, metering and dispensing apparatus is illustrated according to one embodiment of the present invention wherein a container 10 is shown which is a hollow open top cylinder having side wall 22 and bottom closure 24 integral therewith. A closure is provided to fit over the opening at the top of said container comprising a cap 25 having an annular skirt 26 which extends downward and over the top of said wall 22 and is of a sufficient diameter to provide a friction fit between said cap and said container. Skirt 26 extends upwardly and convexly to form a dome like structure 28 having a flattened circular center 30' integral with and centrally located on the top of said cap 25. An opening is provided in the center of cap 25 through which is extended tube 38. Tube 38 is mounted concentrically in and slidingly abuts tube 30 wherein tube 30 is secured to cap 25 at the opening thereof and extends downward from the cap into the body of the container 10. The bottom of tube 30 is positioned substantially at the bottom of container 10 so that it is readily adapted to be in contact with the contents of the container at the bottom thereof. Inwardly and downwardly flared first valve seat 32 is provided in tube 30 and is positioned over the intake port or opening at the bottom of tube 30. A one way ball valve 34 adapted to be received in valve seat 32 is provided so that a fluid seal is maintained in a downward direction and a flow path maintained in an upward direction in tube 30. Tube 38 extends upwardly and vertically through the opening in cap 25 to thumb engaging member 44, tube 38 also extending downwardly so that there is some pumping distance between the bottom of tube 38 and tube 30, the distance being pre-selected to displace a fixed quantity of liquid bath product so that this amount may be metered out when the apparatus of the present invention is used. An inwardly and downwardly flared valve seat 40 is provided in tube 38 and is positioned over an intake port or opening at the bottom of tube 38. A one way ball valve 42 is positioned in valve seat 40 which seals fluid flow in tube 38 in a downward direction and allows the flow of fluid in tubing 38 in an upward direction. Thumb engaging means 44 comprises an inverted frusto-conical member extending upwardly and outwardly from where it joins tube 38 to provide a sufficient area at the top thereof for fully receiving a thumb member. A discharge tube 48 extends laterally into and fluidly communicates with the central passage in tube 38, the discharge tube being positioned substantially at the top of said tube 38. Tube 48 terminates in a downwardly turned segment for directing liquid bath products in a substantially downward direction. Skirt 46 is provided in one embodiment of the present invention and is integral with and extends downward from member 44 and is adapted for frictionally fitting over the upper most end of tube 38 by frictionally engaging the outer wall thereof, discharge tube 48 extending through skirt 46 and being secured thereto either by a friction fit, by means of an adhesive or by screw threads all of which are well known in the art.
The containers such as container 10 or container 10 in combination with containers 12, 14 and 16 are secured to rack 18 having an adhesive surface thereon which may be either a patch of adhesive on either end of the rack, a plurality of such patches or a continuous adhesive strip or mechanical fastening devices secured to the surface thereof any of which faces wall 50 so that said rack may be adhesively secured or mechanically secured to wall 50. Additionally, two racks may be employed such as is illustrated in FIG. 1 showing racks 18 and 20.
In use container 10 is filled with a liquid bath product and member 44 is moved downwardly to displace the fluid contained in tube 30 between the bottom of tube 38 and the bottom of tube 30. As illustrated in FIG. 3 ball valve 42 is displaced upwardly and fluid is forced into tube 38 since any downward movement of fluid in tube 30 is stopped by the action of ball valve 34 which seals the opening in tube 30 in a downward direction. Fluid in tube 38 above ball valve 42 is displaced upwardly as new fluid is introduced into the tube by the aforementioned downward movement and such fluid in tube 38 is then forced out of the opening at the downward pointing end of discharge member 48. In this operation resillient member 36 which comprises a coil spring mounted in the bottom of tube 30 is compressed so that after tube 38 is depressed to displace fluid from the bottom of tube 38, spring 36 forces tube 38 upwardly which causes ball valve 42 to seat and prevent the back flow of any fluid in tube 38 into tube 30. The sealing of tube 38 in this manner allows the bottom thereof to act as a piston surface for raising fluid from container 10 into tube 30 through ball valve 34 which will lift as tube 38 is forced upward by spring 36 the latter steps being clearly illustrated in FIG. 4.
Although the invention has been described by reference to some embodiments it is not intended that the novel apparatus described herein be limited thereby, but that certain modifications are intended to be included as falling within the broad scope and spirit of the foregoing disclosure, the following claims and the appended drawings.We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
Find latest information on Wanda Neil by searching PeopleFinders.com. We provide several simple methods to locate people within our comprehensive database of public records, which includes their age, year of birth, prior addresses, aliases, and more. Born on 1952, Wanda Neil is 63 years old.
If you can’t view Wanda Neil quickly, you can enhance your search to trim the results. Find Wanda with other clues you might have like email address, phone number, or former address. You can also perform background checks and look up criminal records on PeopleFinders.com. Another way to expedite your search is to locate Wanda by using the list of people above with the last name Neil who are 63 years old. Our thorough data search will help you learn Wanda Neil's city, state, and other accessible details.
Find Wanda Neil by using the user friendly search bar located above. If you have any additional details such as Wanda Wanda Neil straight away!Posting article because the link to the current daily dime changes after a day.
+++++++++++++++
1. Kings Sink Lower Without Troubled Big Man
By Kevin Pelton
ESPN Insider
PORTLAND, Ore. -- DeMarcus Cousins never made it to Portland on Wednesday. The rest of his Sacramento Kings teammates got run out of the Rose Garden. With their leading scorer back home in Sacramento, the Kings were blown out by the Portland Trail Blazers 109-91, tying the Blazers' largest margin of victory this season.
Two days after Cousins' "indefinite" suspension for unprofessional behavior and conduct detrimental to the team was lifted, he did not travel with the team. Sacramento coach Keith Smart indicated before the game that Cousins' reinstatement did not automatically mean his return to the lineup.
"I just made the decision," said Smart. "We'll get back and he'll prepare to start playing. I wanted him to be back around the team and eventually start playing."
When Sacramento earned a rare win -- one of just two in the team's last nine games -- over these same Blazers on Sunday at home during the one game Cousins missed, it sparked the inevitable talk that the Kings are better off without him. That doesn't match up with the overall results during the five games Cousins has missed this season due to a variety of suspensions. Sacramento is 1-4 in those games.
AP Photo/Ross D. FranklinDeMarcus Cousins sat out Wednesday's game.AP Photo/Ross D. FranklinDeMarcus Cousins sat out Wednesday's game.
Over the course of the season, the Kings have been better with Cousins on the bench. However, that's almost entirely the result of him playing opposite defensive savant Chuck Hayes, his backup at center. Smart can only extend Hayes' minutes so much with Cousins out of the lineup, forcing him to rely on small-ball lineups. Sacramento has started a front line of forwards James Johnson and Jason Thompson in Cousins' absence.
The smaller group can space the floor on offense and has shared the ball effectively, which led to hot shooting in Sunday's win. The bill came due Wednesday night at the other end of the court, where Portland pounded the ball inside to big men LaMarcus Aldridge and J.J. Hickson. The two players combined for 45 points and 26 rebounds and both recorded double-doubles -- the ninth consecutive for Hickson, who was cast off by the Kings in March and claimed off waivers by the Blazers.
In general, Portland owned the painted area. The Blazers collected nearly half their own misses and scored 27 second-chance points. Those easy buckets fueled a 50-36 advantage in points in the paint. In addition to the scores from the big men, rookie Will Barton also took advantage of the lane to the rim to score a career-high 14 points. Sacramento could stay in the game with hot outside shooting for a quarter, but overcoming Portland's paint dominance was too much to ask of a short-handed group also playing without guard Tyreke Evans, the Kings' second-leading scorer.
"Especially with our two big guys out, there's not a lot of margin for error," said guard Isaiah Thomas. "We've got to really focus in on all times and do the little things."
Without Cousins, Smart has few alternatives to small ball on a roster featuring just four true big men. Lottery pick Thomas Robinson still looks lost much of the time two months into his transition to the NBA, and tweener forward Travis Outlaw poses the same defensive issues as Johnson without the athletic upside.
Fortunately for Sacramento, Cousins' return is near. "We'll get a practice [Thursday] and incorporate DeMarcus back into our basketball team and start getting ready for the next game," Smart said after the game, although he made no promises that Cousins would play Friday against the New York Knicks at Sleep Train Arena. His most definitive statement? "We'll see once I get back in town."
The Kings aren't a very good team right now no matter who's on the court. The team's play without Cousins is most relevant as ownership and president of basketball operations Geoff Petrie consider possibly dealing their troublesome star prior to the trade deadline, a task already complicated by the difficulty of finding a partner willing to offer value for Cousins. To stay afloat the rest of the season and balance the roster, Sacramento would need to get frontcourt help as part of the return package. (Take note, maestros of the Trade Machine.)
If the Kings want to avoid more ugly outcomes like Wednesday's, trading Cousins won't be a simple task.
Kevin Pelton is an author for Basketball Prospectus and a contributor to ESPN Insider.
BookmarksNo child should have to worry about be discriminated against for their skin color - that's why we're raising money for Hines' challenge
There's nothing extraordinary about us. We love each other. And, we try to love others. One thing neither of us can stand is seeing the defenseless preyed upon. That's exactly what is happening all over the world when children are discriminated against for the color of their skin.
The Hines Ward Helping Hands Foundation is trying to change that. To be honest, we're Packers fans. We don't like the Steelers. And, we're not even sure we like Hines :) But, we love what Hines is doing with his foundation. So, we're asking for your support.
Will you give $10 to help the Hines Ward Helping Hands Foundation continue its great work? Every dollar you give will be matched by Hines (up to $20,000).
Thanks in advance for voting for Amber's amazing dance and for giving to the Hines Ward Helping Hands Foundation.)Emergency comms. Was RE: [aprssig] Igates Are A Fair Weather Solution (was: "Finito")Robert Bruninga bruninga at usna.edu
Tue Aug 30 16:58:30 UTC 2005
- Previous message: Emergency comms. Was RE: [aprssig] Igates Are A Fair WeatherSolution (was: "Finito")
- Next message: [aprssig] Tiny Tracker?
- Messages sorted by: [ date ] [ thread ] [ subject ] [ author ]
- Previous message: Emergency comms. Was RE: [aprssig] Igates Are A Fair WeatherSolution (was: "Finito")
- Next message: [aprssig] Tiny Tracker?
- Messages sorted by: [ date ] [ thread ] [ subject ] [ author ]
More information about the aprssig mailing listOrder by: most recent most popular relevance
Last week, the Appellate Division (First Department) of the New York State Supreme Court issued its latest ruling in the matter of JP Morgan
Reacting to a recent court ruling striking down a portion of the Dodd-Frank Act and related SEC Form SD, yesterday, the SEC's Division of Corporate
Federal securities class action activity has been sluggish through the first half of 2013. According to a recent report by Cornerstone Research and
On June 11, 2013, the New York State Court of Appeals reinstated a policyholder's claim for coverage for a $160 million "disgorgement" payment to the
On Monday, Southern District of New York Judge Shira Scheindlin dismissed the entire suit in Gusinsky v. Barclays, without leave to amend and with
In an exhaustive 161-page ruling issued on Friday, Judge Naomi Reice Buchwald of the Southern District of New York dismissed the majority of the
A judge in the Southern District of New York denied three Hungarian nationals' motion to dismiss charges brought by the Securities and Exchange
On October 17, the SEC filed a lawsuit in the Southern District of New York against hedge fund Yorkville Advisors LLC, as well as its President Mark Angelo and CFO Edward Schinik
D&O and E&O carriers alike will want to keep a close eye on the US Supreme Court this term
A New York State trial court recently dismissed claims by the holders of variable life insurance policies, some of whose excess cash value was invested with Bernard Madoff’s securities firm, against various investment advisors and hedge fund managersWith two weekends left of Morey's FEARS- Terror on the Boardwalk, there's still time to scream at America's ONLY haunted boardwalk. We have 4 haunts exclusive to Halloween, an intense new Ghost Ship experience, pumpkin funnel cake (among other tasty fall delights you can enjoy at Jumbo's and at locations throughout the pier) and plenty of other spooky suprises.
Our ghouls are ready to taunt and terrify you. Pay them a visit and tell us which attraction made your spine tingle most.
There are no comments for this entry.Lyrics Depot is your source of lyrics to Whispering Death by Immolation. Please check back for more Immolation lyrics.
Whispering Death Lyrics
Artist: Immolation
Album: Shadows In The Light
Related:
Immolation Lyrics
Immolation Shadows In The Light Lyrics
More Immolation Music Lyrics:
Immolation - Dawn Of Possession (Live) Lyrics
Immolation - Into Everlasting Fire Lyrics
Immolation - Lying With Demons Lyrics
Immolation - Reluctant Messiah Lyrics
Immolation - The Devil I Know Lyrics
Immolation - Warriors Of Doom Lyrics
Immolation - Wolf Among The Flock LyricsHarshad Chopra and Anupriya Kapoor
Harshad Chopra and Anupriya Kapoor
Courtesy: Harshad Chopra, Anupriya Kapoor
Please Note: Images may have been watermarked to prevent other sites from hotlinking or scraping.
View: 12429 Comments: 93
Celebrity : Harshad Chopra , Anupriya Kapoor
Forum Code
HTML Embed Code
Harshad chopda
the bestest
ctor forever
Harshad Chopra.
you are simply the best.
luv TaAnu
eeekkksss harshiyaaa
wish you all the very best for ur project...
miss you loads...stay healthy and happy
harshiyaaa my cuties!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Missing you HC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Hoping to see u very very soon.. I 'm sure it is going to be much sooner.
may god bless you both
thanks for giving us Onu and taani
Harshad you are looking so cute...
One of my most favorite pair of TV screen. Come back soon
Join India Forums for free to comment on this story. Have an account already?
Use Quick Login to comment.Not Quite The Happiest Place On Earth
Guest: “The waiting times are horribly long! There are too many people!”
Me: “Well this is a famous park; a lot of people want to spend time here with their family.”
Guest: “Well, you should not let so many people in. Look around: there are so many people.”
Me: “We have a security maximum that has not been reached yet. I believe you are a visitor too. Would you have liked for you and your family to be stopped at the entrance after miles of travelling because there are a lot of people in?”
Guest: “Of course not! I paid to come here, and we have wanted to come here for a long time!”
Me: “Well, so do all these people…”Stardock CEO Brad Wardell has issued an update to the Gamer's Bill of Rights that he initially released at PAX 08.
As reported by Shacknews:."
Among what Wardell sees as legit consumer gripes:
-.
Wardell visited GamePolitics yesterday to respond to concerns about the Gamer's Bill of Rights voiced by PC Gamer editor-in-chief Kristen Salvatore.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
ezbiker, I care about it and it's an important topic. we will always have posts that get a lot of comments and some that get relatively few. I try to ensure that GP is a pretty complete source for all relevant news.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
Agreed Dennis. That's the way some stories go. Thanks for covering this, I find the Gamer's Bill of rights quite interesting, and I think that it's something worth keeping us up to date on.
Best keep your wits about you: The gears of life are always spinning, and ignorance eventually means you'll get caught in them.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
I'm sure ezbiker forgot to put quotes around the first line, seeing as it was, word for word, what Thompson said
岩「…Ace beats Jack」
岩「…I can see why Hasselbeck's worried about fake guns killing fake people. afterall, she's a fake journalist on a fake news channel」
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
Yeah i forgot to put qoutes in there sorry dennis.
Hey JACKASS!
Edit: forgot to put qoutes in here, I know you do care dennis! :D
THompson: "Nobody cares about this Dennis, as the lack of posts indicates. Time to do some real stories for a change."
Correction thompson:
Nobody gives a flying fuck what you say. This is more of a real story than you could ever be. For all i care and the rest of the people here, your nothing more than a speck on the wall that needs to be painted over and ignored.
So shut up.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
I still think they are moving in the right direction.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
In my opinion the current IPR protection system utilized by SD is the best thing going to be frank. Any DRM system that affects how or where a gamer plays or accesses the title and how many times they do so, is simply unacceptable. The music industry is starting to really understand this simple truth. Let's hope the gaming industry start to understand this as well and soon!
I think the GBR is a giant step down that road. Now if all the big-time developers as well as the independent ones would simply hold hands and start walking the road together it just may turn into a yellow brick 24k gold one.
-------------------------------------------
"The most difficult pain a man can suffer is to have knowledge of much and power over little" - Herodotus
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
EZK: No one cares about off topic troll posts.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
No, YOU don't like it because it isn't about YOU. Stop trying to derail the topic as such. (Don't tell me that's not what you're insinuating, you and I both know that's exactly what you're trying to do.) Dennis isn't going to post every little letter you send. Live with it. I certainly am.
You have 9 days from now left to call yourself an attorney. I wait patiently for the day you're arrested for false representation. Which will probably be in 10 days from now.
David "DavCube" Gagnon, Not a Pathological Narcissist Lier, and You Are.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
You wanna control content? Start your own blog. Simple enough?
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
you seem to care, as you posted here. guess that makes you a nobody
岩「…Ace beats Jack」
岩「…I can see why Hasselbeck's worried about fake guns killing fake people. afterall, she's a fake journalist on a fake news channel」
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
Check, and Mate. :P
-- 
It's his usual MO to be honest, he insults people until lots of people are paying attention to the thread, and then pumps out one of his abysmal 'Press Releases' whilst he knows people are paying attention. It's an old attention grabbing trick, like a child screaming in a Supermarket because he can't get what HE wants.
Personally, I'd recommend Dennis or EZK delete the post, as he's getting pretty transparent, and the comment adds nothing whatsoever, either positive or negative, to the conversation or the topic.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
Hi, Jack! For the most part, I don't really think it's your place to tell Dennis what to report on. Besides, lack of posts does not indicate lack of interest, you seem to get the two confused. There are those of us who read the article without commenting.
-Auto
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- "Thank you, Detective Spooner. You said someone, not something."- Sonny from I, Robot
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
And what are real stories for you. Empty threats? Promises you can't keep? Something about you?
The only reason the stories about you get so many posts is that they're sick of you and your delusional antics.
And let us be clear Thompson. I have nothing against Christian or lawyers. What I can't bear is intolerance.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
You do realise that statistically, the stuff people don't agree with get more posts? That's why your tripe gets so many, it's not because you are important, it's because you are ignorant.
Fact is nobody cares about you, just the rubbish you spew.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
I personally have an issue with any program that REQUIRES activation of any kind in order to operate. If I have a purchased product that requires activation, I find something to bypass it. I do not want to have any restrictions that tell me what I can or cannot do with software I purchased for my own computer, period. I have numerous old games that I've installed recently because of nostalgia or because they would run better on my current rig than one 5 years ago. In some of those cases, the company that made them no longer exists, or the servers are offline. Acceptable copy protections for me include the following:
*CD Keys - Simple way to make people buy a copy if they want to play online. Quake 4 actually phoned home to check to see if the key was valid and if it wasn't, then it didn't load. This to me is okay, since if id dissappeared tomorrow, the game would still work.
*Basic CD Protection - Safedisc, (old)Securom and the like were basic protection against Joe Copier who makes CDs for all his buddies. Honestly I'm not a huge fan of this since I'd rather play a backup or have no cd in the drive, but it's something I tolerate.
*Steam - Don't get me wrong, I HATED the whole HL2 bullcrap. Oh, I bought the disc but can't play it because the servers are swamped? WTF?! However, since you can backup any downloaded game and to my knowledge play offline, I don't really feel restricted
Plain and simple I want to be able to pop in the disc and play. I don't want to be required to have the internet, and I sure as hell don't want to have to rely on a pirated version to play the game the way I want to. Hell, I was really looking forward to Red Alert 3, but now I'm not sure if I'm going to purchase it or not. I really do not want to reward companies for instituting this kind of nonsense in any way.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
Couldn't the installs thing top up after a certain amount of time. Say you start with five and then every year one is added up to a maximum of five, or they just drop the limit thing after a set amount of time say five years."?
Gamers certainly have to be willing to compromise and having to manually uninstall all your games before reformating or doing a major upgrade is a fairly minor inconveinence in the grand scheme of things. I'd be more than happy to do that (provided I don't lose my savegames, but most games nowadays don't take savegames when you uninstall) before installing say a new video card or anything else that doesn't require a reformat. And if something did require a reformat, it isn't asking much to go through an uninstall all your games before doing the wipe."?"
When it'd be easier to bend over the consumer into getting them that much closer to plunking down another $60 for a replacement copy?
They do need to add the part about the SecuROM.exe virus, though.
-- 
Yeah, but if your hard drive crashes...
E. Zachary Knight
Oklahoma City Chapter of the ECA
MySpace Page:
Facebook Page:
E. Zachary Knight
Divine Knight Gaming
OK Game Devs
Random Tower
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
I can see nightstalker's point and I could probably accept a system that limits you to 5 installs that are returned to you upon uninstall because with something like Spore I'm not really worried about my HDD crashing 5 times, I'm more worried about playing the game on and off over the years and reaching the 5 install limit (and the fact that it installs securom, I'll never be ok with them installing programs that use up system resources when the game is not on)
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
You're never going to get a perfect system which is why I think they should up the install limit to something like 7 or 8 (what are the odds somebody literally has 7 or 8 computers they want the game installed on at one time?)
The issue with the 5 installs seems to be more centered around the lack of install credits from uninstalling.
If your HDD crashes that would really suck, but you'd probably have 2 or 3 more installs to play around with.
But like I said, you're never going to see a system that makes both sides 100% happy and both sides are going to have to deal with something they don't like. If your HDD crashes and you've used up all your installs, you're going to have to wade through the customer service quagmire (and Cus. Serv. needs serious improvement, but that's another issue entirely).
I just think having this process would make things better. HDD crashes are what backup drives and full disc imaging are for. Might work, might not.
Re: Stardock Revises Gamer's Bill of Rights
I take offense at the idea that there is an install limit at all. This limit means that I don't own the game, I'm only renting it. What if I want to play the game 10 or 15 years down the road? I've gone through enough different computers and reformats that eventually I would run through any install limit they gave me. Even refunding tokens upon uninstall doesn't cut it. Every hard drive crash or reformat without carefully uninstalling the game will whittle away the number of these imaginary tokens until they hit zero. And calling a company that may or may not be in business the next time I want to install and play the game isn't an acceptable answer either.
I haven't seen a single example given of how any sort of install limit could prevent piracy in any meaningful way. The only thing it seems to prevent is people giving the game to their friends to play, or playing the same game a couple years down the road without having to buy a brand new copy. Maybe I'm just missing something? Is beating games and giving them to your friends really such a rampant form of piracy?All hotels in Knutsford, England, United Kingdom
1 room, 2 adults
Park Lane, Pickmere, Knutsford, England, WA16 0JX, United Kingdom, 800-491-6126
Pickmere Country Guest House, Cheshire (county)
Lowest price$54
Best Price Guarantee
3-star guesthouse in Pickmere
-)
Outstanding
Nice accommodations, friendly owners, great breakfast. All in all a very pleasant stay.…
Wonderful small, privately run guest house with a look for the details. It was a pleasure…
TripAdvisor Traveller Rating: 4.5
From 96 reviews
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 866-539-8117from $54
- Standard Single Room, Private Bathroom
- Single Room, 1 Single Bed, Private Bathroom
- Standard Single Room, Shared Bathroom
- Twin Room, 2 Single Beds, Ensuite, Annex Building
- Standard Double Room, Ensuite
- Family Room
- Single Room, 1 Single Bed, Shared Bathroom
- Standard Double Room, Ensuite
- Standard Double or Twin Room, Garden View
- Classic Single Room, Shared Bathroom
- Superior Double Room, Ensuite
- Superior Double Room, Ensuite
- Family Quadruple Room
- Economy Double Room, Shared Bathroom
- Superior Double Room, Ensuite
- Family Double Room, Ensuite
Recommended hotels Cheshire (county) hotels
In the hotel
Food and drink
- Free English breakfast daily
Things to do
- Golfing nearby
- Hiking/biking trails nearby
- Mountain biking nearby
- Sailing nearby
- Windsurfing nearby
Working away
- One meeting room
Services
- Front desk (limited hours)
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Wedding services
Facilities
- Number of buildings/towers - 1
- Year Built 1772
- Garden
- Library
- Fireplace in lobby
- Television in lobby
In the room
Home comforts
- Climate control
- Coffee/tea maker
- Iron/ironing board (on request)
Freshen up
- Private bathroom
- Separate bathtub and shower
Be entertained
- Flat-screen TV
Stay connected
- Desk
- Free WiFi
Top Cheshire (county) hotels
Recently reviewed hotels in Cheshire (county)
- ABode ManchesterFrom
"We stayed at the ABode a total of three nights during two different stays. The first room overlooked scaffolding attached to the outside of the building. The second room was…"May 17, 2015
- Hard Days Night HotelFrom
"Nice hotel with great staff close to everything Beatles"May 15, 2015
- Hilton LiverpoolFrom
$123
"Service was above and beyond! Hotel staff was very professional and extremely accommodating!"May 14, 2015
- Crowne Plaza Manchester AirportFrom
Pickmere Country Guest House, Cheshire (county)’s small print
Also known as
- Pickmere Country Guest House Cheshire
- Pickmere Country Guest House
Policies
This property does not have elevators.
Optional extras
Rollaway beds are available for GBP 20 per night
Pets are allowed for an extra charge of GBP 5.00 per night
We have included all charges provided to us by this hotel. However, charges can vary, for example, based on length of stay or the room you book.
Is the description of this hotel not correct? Tell usThe number of wireless smart home monitoring devices is set to reach more than half a billion globally by 2018, according to a new study from ABI Research, up from just 17.23 million in 2013.
Those devices include contact and motion sensors, smart thermostats and smart plugs, all of which will become increasingly popular as users adopt smart-home technologies and extend existing systems, says the market-research company.
According to the study, a number of vendors – including Honeywell (Morristown, NJ, USA), GE (Fairfield, GT), Nest (owned by Google (Mountain View, CA, USA)), Kwikset (Lake Forest, CA, USA) and UTC (Hartford, CT, USA) – have been adding wireless connectivity to their home devices, allowing users to take advantage of remote-monitoring functionality and make use of smart-home services.
Last year, contact sensors – allowing residents to detect whether windows and doors have been closed properly – proved to be the most popular smart home monitoring device, with motion sensors falling in second place.
Both types of device support monitoring functionality but they can also be used for additional applications, notes ABI Research, including energy management.
“Combined, over 84 million contact and motion sensors will ship annually by 2018; however, it is smart plugs, smart door locks and connected smoke and CO detectors that will see the greatest shipment growth,” said Adarsh Krishnan, a senior analyst with ABI Research.
Growth in the market will also spur competition between different wireless protocols used to support smart-device services.
Proprietary wireless protocols have dominated the market for smart home devices so far, but these are now being challenged by standards such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth Smart and Zigbee.
ABI Research says each protocol has advantages and disadvantages and some are more suited to the smart appliance rather than the smart device space.
Support in mobile devices for Bluetooth Smart, for instance, seems likely to drive significant adoption of smart home devices as well.
“Even so, other protocols will continue to compete and will be supported in a range of devices from security panels to gateways and smart devices themselves,” said ABI Research in a statement.There.
The Institute defined green chemistry as the design of chemical products and processes that reduce or eliminate the use and generation of hazardous materials.
California’s director of department of toxic substances, Maureen Gorsen, meanwhile, noted the unproductive way of banning chemicals and that the state needs to move beyond it. She said that California needs a state regulation for creating safer chemicals in the first place instead of just banning supposed toxic chemicals that have already been created.
“The state needs to move beyond bans,” she said. “The bans do little to alter design of products made overseas.”
California is currently developing their own green chemistry program that aims to eliminate or reduce toxic chemicals in California’s products and manufacturing processes.In other company news, US-based biochemical manufacturer Genomatica said it expects to reach commercial scale production of of their biobased 1,4 butanediol (BDO) by 2013; Netherlands-based DSM Pharmaceutical Products is targeting production of 500 tonnes of biorenewable succinic acid by the end of 2009; Belgium-based Galactic is seeking to establish more joint ventures to develop renewable chemicals based on lactic acid other than propylene glycol and acrylic acid; and Denmark-based Novozymes said it is laying the groundwork for industries to run on biological processes that are revolutionising chemical production.
For subscribers, you can check out the full story about Genomatica, Novozymes, DSM, Galactic as well as about John Warner and Maureen Gorsen‘s presentations at ICIS.com. You can also check out ICIS’ video on the conference for free!!
addthis_pub = ‘greenchicgeek’;
cnev wrote:I'm probably very similar. I like what I like and it doesn't have to be complex to be good
fleaaaaaa wrote:Even pink floyd knew how to write a simple pop song that stuck in your head, yeah they framed prog songs around them (Time, Money, Another Brick Pt2) but don't let them fool you, they were doing (at least at that point) what everyone else was doing - writing songs that glued into your head.Fotoxx 11.09.1 Image Editor Fixes Slide Show Crash | Download
September 28, 2011 | Applications, Download, News | No Comments|
Fotoxx is a free and open-source image editor applications, Fotoxx helps you to easily enhance captured images by camera and apply effects to it. Check Fotoxx features and more information in the earlier post.
Fotoxx 11.09.1 Changelog: Fotoxx 11.08 was causing slide show crashes if the last image transition mode “Jaws” wasn’t not included in user preferences.
Download Fotoxx 11.09.1 Packages
Fotoxx 11.09.1 source package.
Download DEB package for “Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid, Ubuntu 10.10 Maverick, Ubntu 11.04 Natty and Ubuntu 11.10 Oneiric”
Download RPM package for “Fedora, CentOS, … etc”
DEB and RPM packages works on Ubuntu and Fedora derivatives.
More download options Here.A closer look at 3 stocks
Bundling can help you greatly
Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more!
Leading semiconductor solutions provider
Broadcom Corp
(
BRCM
)?thecroc Review
Looks exactly like the picture, not a heavy watch, and good quality
- How did the image on site compare with the actual product? same
- How accurate was the sizing? same
- Please tell us about the quality of the product. its a watch
Was This Review Helpful?<<
I.
This post is protected under copyright. SusankMann 2009 – 2014per-fekt skin perfection CC Creme (perfektbeauty.com, $42)
Built in Smart Color Corrector Technology creates the look of more even-toned skin, reducing the appearance of redness, dullness and sallowness. It protects, perfects and covers the skin offering an easy alternative to traditional foundation, moisturizer, skin perfector, color corrector and powder in one.
This was my first experience with CC creams, so I was excited to try one! I loved how it multitasked to make my skin look and feel great. It gave my skin a nice shine and gave off a brightening effect. It also didn't mask my skin, which is something that I look for in a foundation alternative. It covered flaws, but didn't look heavy.
The mousse-like texture goes on evenly and easily and feels silky smooth. The compact packaging makes application easy and ideal for on-the-go ladies who can't be re-applying a liquid all day long.
I loved the texture and how easy it was to apply!
Women who are tired of their traditional foundation. BB and CC creams are all the rage these days, so this is perfect for the woman who's up for something new!
Justin Bieber fragrance
Bliss Glamour Gloves
First Aid Beauty Cleansing Wipes
And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed .
SheKnows is making some changes!Jack Lopez entered Saturday's doubleheader with six RBIs in 30 games for Class A Advanced Wilmington. By the end of a long day and night, he had more than doubled that total.
The Royals prospect homered and knocked in a career-high seven runs as the Blue Rocks routed Frederick, 18-7, to complete a sweep of their doubleheader.
After collecting an RBI single in the opener, Lopez delivered a two-run triple in the fourth inning of the nightcap. He added a two-run single an inning later and capped the Blue Rocks' eight-run seventh with a three-run homer to left field.
"It was pretty exciting, everyone was talking about it," Lopez said of his second homer of the season. "[I'm] just trying to enjoy it little bit, trying to get it back together. It was awesome."
Selected by the Royals in the 16th round of last year's Draft, Lopez obliterated his previous career high of three RBIs for Class A Kane County on Aug. 12. The 20-year-old shortstop came into the twinbill with a .193 batting average and six RBIs. He left Harry Grove Stadium with a .211 mark after going 4-for-9.
"Exciting and successful, I guess you could say," Lopez said of his career day. "It's not so much about me, it's about the team. I was struggling, the team had been struggling as a whole, so it was good to come out with a bang against Frederick."
Jorge Bonifacio, the Royals' No. 8 prospect, was 4-for-4 with two RBIs in the nightcap to raise his average to .320. The 19-year-old outfielder is batting .419 (13-for-31) in nine games in May, and Lopez had nothing but praise for his roommate.
"He's awesome, he's a great guy," Lopez said. "It's great being around someone like that, to learn from someone like that. He's going to be a superstar someday, hopefully."
Jared Schlehuber drove in four runs and Kenny Diekroeger slugged a two-run homer for Wilmington, which halted a two-game slide with a 6-4 win in theAll branches closed for Memorial Day, May 25
Items by Request
If you don't find what you're looking for on the shelf, you can place requests for books, movies, music, and more. Staff will be happy to assist you with this process, or you may request items online via the GRRL online catalog. The requested item will be pulled from the shelves or placed in the queue to be sent to your local library once the item is returned.
If Great River does not own a title you're looking for, we encourage you to request that we purchase the item through the Request a Title link in our catalog. This is an especially good idea if it is a new item. If the item is ordered, staff will place a request for you and it will be sent to your local library after processing. If the item is not ordered, we will attempt to borrow it through Interlibrary Loan, or we will notify you that it is unavailable
If the title is older and you want to see if other libraries might have it, try GRRL Inter-Library Loan Services.Election Day 2012 In Central Pennsylvania
Wednesday, November 07, 2012 12:19 AM
The scene outside of the polls at the Susquehanna 1 Rescue Fire Company in Susquehanna Twp. 11/05/2012 SEAN SIMMERS
Related articles
- Pennsylvania election results: GOP retains control of Legislature, but Democrats win row offices November 07, 2012, 9:35 AM
- Election Reaction: Cal Thomas says election shows America's moral decay November 07, 2012, 5:04 PMSarah Palin was at her best again yesterday, using lots of words and making little sense. This time she appeared on Fox News saying things like, "[Obama] left behind our brave men in Benghazi to be murdered," and, "of course there's Syria, where he promised to bomb Syria because in that civil war, Syria was going to bomb Syria, and then we never heard another word again about his threat to bomb in a foreign civil war." Anchor Megyn Kelly tried hard to reign in the former Alaska governor and vice presidential candidate as she rambled on shamelessly about how Obama has ruined America's standing in the world.
With the government reopened and the debt ceiling raised for now, Palin has increased her activity on social media and on Fox News. After suicidal GOP tactics that caused a government shutdown and debt ceiling brinkmanship over the Affordable Care Act, President Obama said on Thursday, "[if] you don't like a particular policy, or a particular president, then argue for your position. Win an election. Push to change it. But don't break it (government)."
Thursday,."
Palin is referring to important GOP senate primary races, particularly ones that have Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and Lindsay Graham (R-S.C.) pitted against staunch, often Tea Party challengers. She seems agreeable to Obama's stance: Iif you don't like a policy or the way a member of Congress is voting, elect someone else. The difference here is that Palin seeks to divide the Republican party further by her indirect efforts to "primary" Republican senators who are perceived by Tea Party purists as having yielded to President Obama by reopening the government on Wednesday.Saint Francis Earns “Best Place to Work” Title for Sixth Time
Saint Francis Medical Center has been named one of the 100 “Best Places to Work in Healthcare” by Modern Healthcare magazine for the sixth consecutive year – or 2013, and is one of just three hospitals in the nation to appear on the list every year since 2008.
Modern Healthcare’s Best Places to Work in Healthcare designation recognizes innovative healthcare workplaces that engage and inspire employees. To earn membership in this elite group, Saint Francis’ policies, practices, benefits and demographics were thoroughly reviewed. In addition, a randomly selected group of 350 employees were asked in-depth questions about eight core areas: leadership and planning, culture and communications, role satisfaction, working environment, relationship with supervisor, training and development, pay and benefits, and overall satisfaction.
“Saint Francis’ inclusion on the list for the sixth consecutive year is truly an honor – as well as a testament to our commitment to living out our philosophy and values every day,” says Steven C. Bjelich, FACHE-D, Saint Francis’ President and Chief Executive Officer. “Visit the Medical Center and you will see dedicated employees taking pride in the work they do on every floor, in every hallway and department, and in every office and common area. Satisfied, empowered employees create the foundation for excellent patient care, and they are the power behind the superior health services Saint Francis provides.”
Modern Healthcare will reveal the ranked order of the Best Places to Work in Healthcare by company size live October 24 at a special awards gala in Atlanta, Ga. It will post the results on and publish them in a supplement to Modern Healthcare magazine October 28.215-483-1780
5107 Umbria St
Philadelphia,
PA
19128
This place is incredible! They have some of the most unique hubcaps. I was in there for hours trying to decide on the ones for me. There are so many to choose from. I would highly recommend AAAA Hubcap Heaven.
pat d.
September 14, 2009
5
AAAA Hubcap Heaven
This place is a library full of hub caps. They have it down to a science. They have every hub cap imaginable, and will have it in your hand quickly. Some hub caps are more expensive than others, but this place is a great deal.
Joe R.
August 25, 2009
5
AAAA Hubcap Heaven
If you've been to or used
AAAA Hubcap Heaven, leave a review.
It's easy, only takes a couple of minutes and you'll help thousands make an informed decision.Abstract.
Keywords:Knowledge to action; Practice guidelines; Evidence-informed practice; Knowledge activation; Guideline adaptation; Implementation planning
Background
Bridging the ‘Know-Do’ gap
‘Health work teaches us with great rigour that action without knowledge is wasted effort, just as knowledge without action is a wasted resource’ [1].
‘Canadian researchers are doing an exceptional job making discoveries and generating new knowledge that has the potential to improve the health of Canadians and strengthen Canada’s healthcare system and economy but unless this knowledge is actually put into action, these benefits will not be realized’ [2].
While the importance of ‘turning knowledge into action’ and using available evidence to inform practice is widely recognized, it presents a challenge to most healthcare jurisdictions. To explore how this occurs at the point of care, a pan-Canadian initiative followed five groups (‘cases’) as they undertook to adapt guidelines and begin implementation of research evidence in cancer care.
Practice guidelines form one important piece of the larger evidence-based practice puzzle. As a source of readily available evidence, rigorously synthesized and interpreted by expert clinicians and methodologists and transformed into practice recommendations, quality guidelines have the potential to improve both the process of care and patient outcomes. Over the past decade, a growing number of guideline entities have generated scores of guidelines. For example, the Canadian Partnership Against Cancer recently catalogued over 2,200 cancer care guidelines [3]. However, guideline duplication is common and guideline quality is variable [4]. Moreover, despite large-scale initiatives across disease and health conditions to develop these knowledge tools, their uptake in practice is not apparent. Producing good quality, readily available guidelines is no guarantee that the recommendations will be implemented in healthcare practice or policy. As Straus and colleagues summarize: ‘Failure to use research evidence to inform decision-making is apparent across all key decision-maker groups, including healthcare providers, patients, informal carers, managers and policy makers, in developed and under developed countries, in primary and specialty care, and in care provided by all disciplines’ [5]. It is clear that emphasis must shift from guideline development to guideline use. Turning to available evidence, housed in appropriate guidelines, is a potential solution (or part of the solution) and the process of guideline adaptation becomes the initial step in creating change.
In this paper, we present the experience of Canadian cancer care groups undertaking guideline adaptation and implementation planning. We describe the evolution of the ADAPTE methodology as it was used naturalistically in the field, the development of expanded resources, and the emergence of an implementation-based framework for knowledge translation with guidelines.
The study opportunity
The Canadian Partnership Against Cancer (the ‘Partnership’) was established in 2006 as a federally-funded, independent corporation to develop and implement the first national cancer control strategy. Cancer control knowledge and expertise are widely dispersed throughout Canada’s healthcare system. To make this knowledge readily accessible to stakeholders, collaborative networks of experts were established to address multiple priorities, including knowledge translation and the role and use of guidelines. Given the duplication of guidelines by credible bodies internationally, jurisdictions within Canada were interested in the process of adapting guidelines to their own context.
Guideline adaptation is defined as the ‘systematic approach to considering the use and/or modification of (a) guideline(s) produced in one cultural and organizational setting for application in a different context’ [6]. Customizing evidence-informed guideline recommendations for local application demands both methodological expertise and an intimate knowledge of the intended clinical practice environment. Dedicated guideline development bodies may have greater capacity to synthesize evidence but often have limited access to detailed contextual information. The Partnership identified a need to explore how guideline adaptation occurs in real-world settings.
This initiative coincided with the 2007 first release of ADAPTE, a systematic, stepwise approach to trans-contextual guideline adaptation (Table 1) [6]. ADAPTE was developed by an international, interdisciplinary collaboration of guideline developers, researchers and clinicians. Evolving from research conducted in Canada and Europe [5-8], guideline adaptation was proposed as an efficient alternative to de novo guideline development, a method which requires skilled and labor-intensive meta-analysis of original research. Although promising as a technique for making use of already developed guidelines, the ADAPTE method had not been field-tested, in particular for use by groups lacking the resources or skills of commissioned guideline panels.
The Canadian Guideline Adaptation Study was designed to examine how groups used a ‘planned action’ approach to integrate knowledge created outside their context with local practice and system requirements. Canadian cancer care groups volunteered to embark on the adaptation of existing quality guidelines while allowing the study team at Queen’s University School of Nursing to follow their journey. The opportunity for naturalistic observation was endorsed by the Canadian Partnership Against Cancer with the proviso that participants would be supported as we monitored their guideline adaptation activity and experience. Using a formative rather than prescriptive approach, our aim was to track the practicalities encountered using the ADAPTE methodology (process evaluation), to provide needed support for them to successfully adapt a guideline (formative evaluation), and to develop experientially-informed, additional tools and resources as needed. These tools were to be housed with the Partnership for on-going use.
Conceptualization in activating healthcare knowledge
Knowledge creation and application is an iterative, dynamic and complex process. The planned-action framework, Knowledge to Action (KTA) cycle [5,9], guided this initiative. The KTA cycle encompasses two major elements: knowledge creation and planned action [5,8]. Knowledge creation involves three stages to tailor and refine information for use: knowledge enquiry (e.g., primary studies), synthesis (e.g., a body of work, meta-analysis), and creation of knowledge tools or products (e.g., guidelines). Recognition of a gap in care serves as an important stimulus for action. Distilled knowledge is applied or set in motion when a care issue is identified, and this handover prompts a cycle of activity, sequentially or concurrently, requiring users to:
1. Identify and clarify the practice problem or issue(s) to be addressed;
2. Identify, review and select the knowledge (i.e., knowledge synthesis or knowledge product – e.g., guideline) that provides a solution to the identified problem;
3. Adapt or customize the knowledge to the local context (i.e., practice and system);
4. Assess local determinants of knowledge use (i.e., barriers and facilitating factors);
5. Select, tailor, and implement interventions to promote knowledge use (i.e., implement the change);
6. Monitor the uptake, evaluate the impact of using the knowledge, and sustain knowledge use.
Knowledge creation and application are interconnected with fluid boundaries. Guideline adaptation may occur within the ‘knowledge creation funnel’ (Figure 1) when undertaken by guideline developers adapting an existing guideline(s) to create a modified/new guideline (i.e., a knowledge product or tool) for dissemination, e.g., a Canadian association adapting guidelines developed in the USA and UK for use in their jurisdiction. Guideline adaptation also occurs as a planned-action process when implementing evidence, e.g., groups work on the quality appraisal of existing guideline(s) and specific practice recommendations to use this evidence locally. Practice patterns, provider expertise, available resources, and patient population(s) are examined to actively engage in knowledge application and the initial steps in the action cycle.
The ADAPTE Collaboration recently published feedback from an on-line survey they conducted during the same period [10]. Survey participants could download the ADAPTE Manual and Toolkit but received no additional assistance; they did not necessarily engage in adaptation, and their activities were not monitored. Questions were directed primarily at ‘perceptions’ of the methodology and supporting resource package. The Canadian Guideline Adaptation Study provided a unique opportunity to closely observe and support adaptation and implementation planning activity in real time.
An additional, embedded study focused on facilitation aspects. The theoretical framework and findings for this element have been published in-depth elsewhere [11,12].
Methods
The study design emerged during a six-month pilot case study that undertook a simple field evaluation of ADAPTE. Data management and evaluation protocols were developed and tested, the trajectory of steps adjusted, and significant needs for additional support addressed. We then began a formative assessment with additional cases. In this manner, the Canadian Guideline Adaptation Study aimed to develop the adaptation process and integrate implementation planning based on actual experience with guideline adaptation.
Descriptive, exploratory case study methods based on Patton’s utilization-focused evaluation framework [13] were used, where evaluation is described as a broad-based gathering of data and information about characteristics, activities, and outcomes (intended and unintended) of a program. The data are then used to make judgments about a program, improve program effectiveness, and/or inform decisions about future programming. Our ‘program’ was the Partnership’s adaptation initiative (i.e., guideline adaptation approach, resources and facilitation). Each selected group was considered an ‘organizational case’ that served as the unit of analysis. Study cases progressed at their own pace and developed a context-specific approach, i.e., worked within the available resources/constraints, scopes of practice etc., of their locale.
Specifically, the pan-Canadian study was designed to respond to the following objectives:
1. Map the process and steps undertaken by each Canadian case using mixed methods to describe their experience in guideline adaptation and implementation planning;
2. Discover the range and variation in (internal/external) facilitation, resources and support required to complete the adaptation process;
3. Describe participant and key stakeholders’ experience of the adaptation process, the ADAPTE method, and what other resources and support were required;
4. Ascertain the amount and type of implementation activity/strategies that occurred during the adaptation process.
Ethics approval for this study was obtained from the Queen's University and Affiliated Teaching Hospitals Health Sciences Human Research Ethics Board.
Procedures
The pilot study case plus an additional four cases self-identified their interest in participating and registered in the Canadian Guideline Adaptation Study. Inclusion was purposeful to represent a broad variation in group characteristics, including jurisdiction, scale of implementation (e.g., regional, provincial, national), topic, focus of care (e.g., screening, treatment, supportive care), population (e.g., pediatric or adult focused), geographic dispersion, and health disciplines (those needed to develop guideline as well as targeted users). Once specific attributes were accommodated and a manageable maximum achieved (n = 5), study registration was closed.
Study cases received support from the Partnership to hire or second an ‘internal’ facilitator/coordinator for their guideline adaptation. The Queen’s team was available to provide training, ‘external’ facilitation and consultation namely, access to knowledge translation and guideline development experts, library science professionals, a study coordinator and data manager (Table 2). Additional tools and data management supports were identified and provided as groups gained experience with the methodology.
Data collection
Study cases provided their meeting notes and project documents, including internal correspondence, and communicated their progress and challenges to the Queen’s team on a regular basis (weekly/monthly) resulting in hundreds of pages per case. Records were kept of all support calls and correspondence with principal case contacts (chair and the internal case facilitator/coordinators). Other data sources included notes and minutes from case orientation and debriefing meetings held with case panels, chairs and facilitator/coordinators, monthly teleconference calls with case facilitator/coordinators, and a full-day, final evaluation forum with case chairs and facilitator/coordinators. Data was often ‘double-captured’ by both the Queen’s team and case participants; data from these multiple sources were summarized in synoptic graphs and tables, including:
1. Case Logs (consolidated meeting notes, case calls, project documents);
2. Case Trajectories (maps of ADAPTE steps taken, sequence and timeline for each case);
3. Case Liaison Records (summary of frequency and type of interaction between each case and Queen’s team);
4. Methodology/Process Audit (detailed step/tool analysis based on a site visit).
Site visits were conducted as the study neared completion. A semi-structured interview with the case chair and facilitator/coordinator included open-ended questions and a checklist to record case perspectives and experience. All chairs and facilitator/coordinators attended a final face-to-face one-day forum, allowing us to share and once more validate our observations and consolidate participant perspectives. Multiple note-takers compared records after the event to identify critical observations. The meeting was audio-taped for field-note verification.
Excerpts from the data management protocol have been included in Additional file 1: Procedures.pdf.
Additional file 1. Procedures.
Format: PDF Size: 725KB Download file
This file can be viewed with: Adobe Acrobat Reader
Data analysis
The extensive documentation and frequent regular contact with case participants afforded a comprehensive overview of case activities. The compiled data were examined to determine stakeholders’ experiences in adapting a guideline, their processes, and the amount and type of implementation activity/strategies undertaken (objectives 3, 4). We conducted text analysis and cross-referenced our multiple data sources to construct detailed case ‘trajectories.’ Each case’s steps and tools used in the adaptation process were audited, followed by a comparative analysis of each to describe their adaptation journey within and beyond ADAPTE. Case logs and trajectories were updated monthly and double-checked by study team members. By continually examining and comparing the experience and path taken by each case, we identified common opportunities to clarify methodology and further develop the process and resources.
Results
The five cases represented a broad range of guideline interests (Table 3) crossing the developmental spectrum from pediatric to adult focus. Topics were mainly supportive and psycho-social in nature. Some cases’ guidelines applied regionally, whereas others had a national focus. For many participants, motivation to join the guideline group and the Canadian Guideline Adaptation Study was expressed as a means to improve skills and obtain tools to manage research evidence.
The cases were also diverse in terms of infrastructure, expertise, funding and access to resources. Typically, cases organized a steering committee and task-oriented ‘working panels’ although members often overlapped and, over the course of the study period (24 months +/−), changes in membership occurred. Pan-Canadian initiatives tended to comprise larger groups (representing multiple regions, provinces, agencies) and included ‘co-chairs’; size ranged from 8 to 15 participants. Working panels included members with some experience in previous guideline development initiatives (e.g., content experts, AGREE [14] users), and novice members who had little guideline development experience. All included multiple disciplines ranging from front-line caregivers to specialist services. Some panels involved a patient member during planning phases, but most indicated they would seek patient input at the guideline review/endorsement stage. Unlike most dedicated guideline enterprises, but similar to most end-users of guidelines, our groups were 100% volunteers working over-and-above full-time clinical and/or administrative responsibilities and frequently facing significant time constraints, variable skills sets, and limited administrative support.
Panels with a national focus faced unique challenges given the provincial/territorial organization of healthcare in Canada. Variation in regional practices was common, and they had to organize and operate where no national body had previously existed. Their first task was to establish themselves as a national guideline entity and negotiate fundamental issues of authority, mandate and infrastructure, an often time-consuming and arduous task. For example, a group working on ‘distress assessment’ had interests from multiple disciplines (social work, nursing, psychology); their respective professional associations had shared responsibility for standards and practice, yet none was mandated to develop guidelines.
Process and steps undertaken in guideline adaptation and implementation planning
At 24 months, the majority (three of five cases) had largely completed their guidelines and were at the external review phase. Several consistent features emerged and novel aspects were discovered when we examined the ADAPTE steps used by each case. A typical case trajectory (Figure 2) plots three defining elements observed across cases: a call-to-action phase, the non-linear and iterative nature of steps, and the synchronization of some activities.
Call-to-action
Although the ADAPTE methodology begins with a ‘Set-Up’ phase and preparation module, the scope of activity appears premised upon some level of guideline development infrastructure and an agreed upon, reasonably well-focused initiative. By comparison, most of our cases lacked this foundation, and without a dedicated or formal guideline panel, required more time, effort and support to begin. This ‘call-to-action’ phase is a new element in the Canadian experience.
Field-testing revealed that this step required complex planning and needed to be positioned early in the process (pattern A). As many as four to six months were required for new groups to articulate objectives, agree on mandate, identify and engage key stakeholders, and secure resources. Challenges included: establishing clinical or jurisdictional authority where none existed previously and where institutional, provincial and national interests needed clarification and alignment; confusing or conflicting information regarding clinical priorities or a lack of baseline data; absence of established communication channels; proceeding with guideline directives in the face of significant resource constraints (e.g., economic, expertise). These issues were particularly concerning to pan-Canadian guideline initiatives. Given the many requests for assistance with start-up, we restructured and expanded this element, naming it the ‘Call-to-Action’ step, to which orientation, training and facilitation supports were added to help groups better navigate ‘pre-adaptation’ essentials.
Iterative activities
Case participants reported that the work sequence set out in ADAPTE was neither straightforward nor linear. Less experienced groups in particular moved back and forth in the ‘Search and Screen’ step between defining their health question(s), searching for evidence, and further refining the questions based on search findings. Drafting, reviewing and revising the adapted guideline reflected another lengthy cyclic period of activity (pattern B).
Synchronization of activities
Cases commonly engaged in several stages and steps simultaneously during the adaptation (pattern C). Those managing more complex guidelines often had unfinished business in one phase while they progressed onto tasks in the next phase; e.g., they expanded a search for selected evidence while reaching consensus on other evidence, or began drafting recommendations and application tools for one aspect of the guideline while continuing to review evidence for other sections. A key factor influencing the cycling and timing of activities was time to completion (up to two or more years). Long timelines often resulted in changes to panel composition or institutional leadership that created delays, repetition of effort, or changes in plan.
Facilitation activity, resources and support
Facilitation was provided both internally (local staff, case-based) and externally (Queen’s team) and ranged from supplying task-focused assistance, to developing group skills, to methodological aspects.
Internal facilitator/coordinators possessed diverse backgrounds in quality assurance, project management, administration, education, information technology, and clinical practice. They had a ‘working knowledge’ of levels of evidence and appraisal requirements. These part-time (0.25 to 0.5 FTEa) internal facilitators fulfilled a coordinating role during adaptation and acted as the primary interface with the Queen’s team. Internal facilitators reported that the administrative aspects of the position were especially demanding [12]. Specifically, they contributed to management of their respective working panel and agency communications, organized meetings, liaised with information science professionals and methodologists, retrieved guidelines and documented search and screen decisions, managed AGREE appraisals, prepared recommendations matrices, facilitated consensus, prepared guideline drafts, and coordinated internal and external reviews of the guideline. Internal facilitators identified the importance of a ‘project management’ approach in facilitation.
The locally designated facilitators developed close working relationships with their initiative chairs. Facilitation activity often went beyond what they individually contributed because they shared work with steering committee and working panel members. As such, facilitation was perceived as a process engaged in by a number of individuals rather than a specific single role. However, facilitators uniformly noted the need for an explicitly identified, responsible individual: as articulated by one facilitator, ‘someone does have to coordinate the whole thing.’
Internal facilitators also considered it important for their steering committee and working panel members to ‘have access to a venting office’ for problem-solving and advice, as well as to maintain momentum of the work (referred to as the ‘cheerleader aspect’). It was perceived as a sometimes lonely job requiring knowledge and a wide-ranging set of skills and attributes, such as effective communication, organization, group dynamics and leadership ability, which they referred to collectively as ‘relational practice skills.’
As external facilitators, the Queen’s team provided each case with an orientation workshop addressing fundamentals of evidence-based practice, the Knowledge-to-Action cycle, and the phases, modules, steps and tools of the ADAPTE method. During these orientation workshops, steering committee and working panel members (often coming together for the first time) developed a shared understanding of objectives and process. Lively debates revealed differences in perceptions, occasionally on fundamental concepts: ‘I think of it as a wish list of how we would provide care if we had endless resources at our disposal… It’s just a guideline; we don’t have to follow it… What is the difference between a guideline and a policy? … Will we be liable for following these recommendations?… How much flexibility do we have?’
All cases expressed concern about undertaking the process independently for the first time. Cases were assisted by the Queen’s team during the ‘Set-Up’ phase of ADAPTE with skills and resource assessments, and development of clinical questions. Regular coaching and methodological consultation was provided in response to specific case requests or when they appeared overwhelmed with the process. We were frequently contacted to clarify ‘how-to’ aspects related to individual steps and tasks. While the ADAPTE process, manual and toolkit provided a useful starting point, we responded to case-identified needs to adapt the ADAPTE methodology by adding Canadian content or providing new tools (Table 4). A paradox existed in which the ADAPTE method and materials were perceived as being both ‘too comprehensive’ but ‘not detailed enough.’
On topics where few guidelines were available, we assisted cases to search for systematic reviews and offered tools/ supports for appraising systematic reviews, e.g., Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) [15]. Most cases struggled with differences in evidence classification systems. We provided information about leading approaches and assisted in translating levels of evidence across systems. Cases also sought guidance with formal and informal consensus methods (e.g., Delphi techniques [16-18]). They found the ADAPTE ‘Acceptability and Applicability’ worksheet limited in scope and were encouraged to explore additional tools, e.g., the Guideline Implementability Appraisal (GLIA) instrument [19].
Convenient electronic access to materials and supports was vital for the Canadian context given the broad geographic dispersion even in one region of the country. It was necessary to reformat ADAPTE and other tools for electronic sharing. In addition, the Queen’s team assisted some cases with managing their data entry and project documents online. This was especially important for pan-Canadian initiatives that relied on email or Internet workspaces and teleconferences to keep communications and travel costs to a minimum.
Queen’s team members were often invited to case teleconference calls or contacted directly to advise on process, strategies, challenges, or simply to act as a sounding board. This was seen as particularly valuable by the case facilitator/coordinators and prompted the development of a national Guideline Facilitators’ Network that featured a monthly teleconference enabling participants to share guideline activities, challenges and successes. This forum has continued beyond the project.
Facilitation was clearly a ‘key ingredient’ and the scope of enquiry in year two was expanded to focus specifically on the development of a conceptual framework and taxonomy for facilitation. An integrative review, case audit and structured interviews, and an international two-day facilitator’s forum were used to delineate key practical and conceptual elements of facilitation as a ‘process beyond an assigned role’ in implementation [11,12,20]. Facilitation is described as a multifaceted process comprising more than 50 specified actions grouped across four stages: planning for change, leading and managing change, monitoring progress and on-going implementation, and evaluating change.
Participant experience and perspectives
Overall, cases perceived the process of adaptation as enormously time-consuming. There was a palpable tension between the need for efficiency and the demand for rigour. Although cases initially wanted to ‘streamline’ and ‘simplify’ the 3-phase, 9-module, 24-step ADAPTE methodology, they were equally concerned that the integrity of the methodology be maintained. Practitioners identified they were not necessarily expert developers and that their ‘steep learning curve’ contributed to the lengthy time needed to complete activities. Nonetheless, they explored and tried strategies to reduce or consolidate steps and refine the process to create evidence-informed recommendations in a timelier manner (Table 5).
During a final evaluation forum, case chairs and facilitators reported a new appreciation for the importance of transparency and meticulous documentation and acknowledged that this had been a weakness in their previous guideline development efforts. This pertained particularly to their record of the literature search, screening protocol and selection rationale, preparation of the ‘Recommendations Matrix’ including source and grade of supporting evidence, and reporting of their consensus processes and decisions.
Case participants commented on the positive impact of participating in the adaptation process, stating it had sparked a ‘groundswell of talk, activity and thinking about evidence-based practice’ within their organizations. They attributed important educational and professional development outcomes to their inclusion in the study.
These naturally formed groups became part of an active partnership between healthcare practitioners and researchers, a collaboration they perceived to be instrumental to guideline adaptation, and more importantly, implementation planning. This inclusive, participatory approach was viewed as an important ‘community of practice’ which advanced the adaptation process by providing access to a broad range of skills and experience, ensuring practice issues were understood and addressed as they surfaced, and giving groups who were not formal guideline developers, a deeper appreciation of the need for a rigorous, transparent process. They also indicated that the collaboration was a powerful ‘external lever’ that added credibility to their guideline initiatives within their organizations.
Because available guidelines did not respond to all of their questions, participants discovered that guideline adaptation as a strategy has its limits. Four of the five cases undertook hybrid guideline projects involving both adaptation and de novo elements. When source guidelines were unavailable, out-of-date, or did not adequately align with the specified health questions, searching and updating primary study evidence was required. More extensive search, appraisal and synthesis demanded more time and methodological skill than they had envisaged or were equipped to manage.
An unexpected finding was how enthusiastically cases embraced the conceptual underpinning for knowledge translation. We introduced the KTA framework at orientation sessions to highlight how guidelines contribute to evidence-informed practice, but did not foresee cases actively using it to ‘situate their work’ of adaptation in their own discussions with practitioners, administrators and decision-makers. Case chairs and facilitator/coordinators reported using it effectively to guide discussions about implementation issues such as barriers, facilitating factors, and ideas on tailoring implementation strategies.
Implementation activity and strategies during guideline adaptation
An important observation was how, in practical terms, planning for implementation began both implicitly and explicitly from the outset with guideline adaptation. Cases undertook the process by viewing the practice issue from the perspective of potential solutions for their own local context. They planned and conducted preparatory activities such as needs assessments and environmental scans. Innovative strategies designed by the cases to plan for implementation included polling constituents regarding current policies, practices, and priorities, proactively communicating guideline planning activities and progress, and including allied health services on guideline working panels. They were strategic in selecting steering committee and working panel members and in their communications, e.g.: including information technology staff early in the process to facilitate anticipated modifications to the health record; ensuring that steering committee members represented national interests and were included as authors on publications derived from the initiative to secure future endorsement and ownership of the recommendations.
Constructive discourse on applicability and acceptability of guideline recommendations was continuous throughout the process; i.e., this activity was not contained within a single step, task or tool. Panel members, especially front-line care providers, were often able to anticipate facilitating factors or raise concerns about potential barriers to the uptake of the proposed recommendations.
Discussion
The Canadian Guideline Adaptation Study examined how groups used a ‘planned action’ approach to integrate knowledge created outside their context with local practice and system requirements. This multiple-case series provides the first comprehensive field study of guideline adaptation and implementation planning. In an approach that was formative rather than prescriptive, we provided basic support and facilitation in adapting a guideline and planning for implementation, to fundamentally understand how groups naturally undertook the process.
Five cases embarked on guideline adaptation and implementation planning related to an identified issue in their context. We observed an active focus on implementation planning during the adaptation process, particularly in regards to assessment of barriers and facilitating factors. The process of adaptation involved considerably more than simply having an available methodology. Adaptation took longer than expected (12 to >24 months) and was more complex than many had anticipated and required substantive support and facilitation.
The findings of this Canadian initiative led to the creation of a structured process and user guide called the ‘CAN-IMPLEMENT Guideline Adaptation and Implementation Planning Resource’ [21]. The ADAPTE methodology provides valuable support for adaptation especially for well-resourced guideline panels but, in our experience, could not be used as a stand-alone resource for less experienced groups. Our analysis of case experience with guideline adaptation led to reorganization and expansion of the initial ADAPTE methodology to a new three-phase approach addressing a full knowledge application cycle. The CAN-IMPLEMENT resource purposely addresses practical, ‘how-to’ aspects to assist those engaged in adapting existing guidelines for implementation. It uniquely targets novice developers by expanding tactical support to the leaders and managers of guideline adaptation panels framing the adaptation process within a broader conceptual framework for knowledge translation. Although adjustments were made to tasks and sequence, ADAPTE’s foundational rigor and elements remain intact.
Limitations
Data for the study came from multiple documentary and interview sources, including self-reports. Given our role as supportive observers, some risk of ‘social desirability response’ existed, i.e., the provision of information participants think investigators want to hear about the process under evaluation. However, given the frank and often negative issues brought forth and our complementary and overlapping data sources, we believe this was not an issue. Interpretation of the subjective data might be seen as a limitation but having data provided by both participants and the facilitators (internal and external) increases our confidence in its fidelity.
The results of this study relate to five Canadian groups working in cancer care who undertook guideline adaptation. Their experience could be different from those in other countries or in other areas of healthcare. Although results may not be generalized, the variety of groups, topics, stages of readiness, and experience improves the likelihood that findings are transferrable.
It should be recognized that the ‘pan-Canadian’ adapted guidelines generated would likely need further adaptation at a local (provincial or institutional) level; it was not possible within the parameters or timeframe of this study to follow this activity.
Conclusions
This study provides valuable information for those interested in adapting existing guidelines. We found that there is a steep learning curve and a substantive requirement for methodological and facilitation support, especially for newly formed or less experienced groups undertaking guideline adaptation and implementation planning. There was, however, major benefit to active participation of front-line care providers in the contextualization and ownership of the recommendations. In this study, front-line practitioners gained confidence in describing and defending changes for best practices as a result of participating in the process.
Managing and facilitating guideline adaptation and implementation is a demanding and time-consuming process. Panels are cautioned to realistically determine workload, resources, access to methodological expertise, and the need for a dedicated project coordinator/facilitator. Multiple social, economic and political variables will influence the effectiveness of guideline ‘uptake’ and outcomes, and groups are encouraged to ensure institutional commitments and resources are in place. In summary, our recommendations are:
1. A guideline adaptation process should address two elements: the process (engagement and capacity building) and a quality product (an adapted guideline).
2. Guideline adaptation should not be considered as an episodic activity but part of a continuum in the evidence-informed practice journey and be planned for accordingly.
3. Orienting the guideline adaptation process within a planned-action framework is useful as a roadmap to embed guideline adaptation in the larger activity of evidence use and to assist guideline adapters/users to plan effective adaptation, implementation and evaluation of outcomes.
CAN-IMPLEMENT is available at webcite[21]. We welcome reader feedback on the CAN-IMPLEMENT process and resources.
Endnote
aFTE = Full Time Equivalent
Competing interests
Authors’ contributions
MBH was principal investigator on the study and responsible for conceptualization, ethical approval, the conduct and management of the study, and analysis and interpretation of the data. IDG was a co-investigator; JvdH was senior project officer, and both contributed to the study conceptualization, analysis and interpretation of data. EJD was responsible for the analysis of the facilitation elements. MEC was responsible for data management and contributed to the analysis. VA was responsible for study coordination and contributed to the evaluation design and analysis. All authors have read, edited and approved the final manuscript.
Acknowledgements
We would like to extend our sincere appreciation to Drs. George Browman and Louise Zitzelsberger of the Canadian Partnership Against Cancer’s Guidelines Action Group for their enthusiastic support and guidance on this initiative. We could not have completed it without the Canadian cancer care professionals who participated in each Case. They generously shared their views and experiences. Thank you also to Patricia Oakley and Amanda Ross-White who provided library science expertise and support to the Cases and created the Library Science Supplement resource. Much of the structure and wisdom of the original ADAPTE process has been retained in the CAN-IMPLEMENT process. Thank you to the ADAPTE Collaboration for the unique opportunity to contribute to their international evaluation. The Canadian Guideline Adaptation Study was supported by the Canadian Partnership Against Cancer.
References
2006. webcite
Graham ID, Bernstein A: Health Research: An excuse not to act as a catalyst for change. Hill Times; 2007:30-31. webcite
Canadian Partnership Against Cancer. SAGE Directory. 2012. webcite
Graham ID, Beardall S, Carter A, Glennie J, Hebert P, Tetroe J: What is the quality of drug therapy clinical practice guidelines in Canada?
Can Med Assoc J 2001, 165:157-163.
Straus SE, Tetroe J, Graham ID: Science and Practice of Knowledge Translation: Moving from Evidence to Practice. West Sussex: Wiley-Blackwell BMJ Books; 2009.
ADAPTE Collaboration. ADAPTE Resource Toolkit for Guideline Adaptation Version 1.0
2007.; webcite webcite
Fervers B, Burgers JS, Haugh MC, Latreille J, Mlika-Cabanne N, Paquet L: Adaptation of clinical guidelines: literature review and proposition for a framework and procedure.
Int J Qual Health Care 2006, 13:167-176.
Logan J, Graham ID: The Ottawa Model of Research Use. In Models and Frameworks for Implementing Evidence-Based Practice. Edited by Rycroft-Malone J, Bucknall T. West Sussex: John Wiley & Sons Ltd; 2010:83-102.
Graham ID, Logan J, Harrison MB, Straus SE, Tetroe J, Caswell W: Lost in translation: time for a map?
J Contin Educ Health Prof 2006, 26:13-24. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Fervers B, Burgers JS, Voellinger R, Brouwers M, Browman GP, Graham ID: Guideline adaptation: An approach to enhance efficiency in guideline development and improve utilization.
Br Med J Quality & Saf Online 2011, 20:228-236. PubMed Abstract | PubMed Central Full Text
Dogherty EJ, Harrison MB, Graham ID: Facilitation as a role and process in achieving evidence-based practice in nursing: a focused review of concept and meaning.
Worldviews Evid Based Nurs 2010, 7:76-89. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full Text
Dogherty EJ, Harrison MB, Baker C, Graham ID: Following a natural experiment of guideline adaptation and early implementation: a mixed methods study of facilitation.
Implement Sci 2012, 7:9-20.
Open Access: doi 10.1186/1748-5908-7-9PubMed Abstract | BioMed Central Full Text | PubMed Central Full Text
Patton M: Utilization-focused Evaluation: the New Century Text. 3rd edition. Thousand Oaks: Sage; 1997.
AGREE Enterprise, AGREE Collaboration. AGREEII Instrument and training resources. 2010. webcite
Shea BJ, Grimshaw JM, Wells GA, Boers M, Andersson N, Hamel C: Development of AMSTAR: a measurement tool to assess the methodological quality of systematic reviews.
BMC Med Res Methodol 2007, 7:10-17.
Open Access: doi 10.1186/1471-2288-7-10PubMed Abstract | BioMed Central Full Text | PubMed Central Full Text
Black N, Murphy M, Lamping D, McKee M, Sanderson C, Askham J: Consensus development methods: a review of best practice in creating clinical guidelines.
J Health Serv Res Policy 1999, 4:236-248. PubMed Abstract
Linstone A, Tiroff M: The Delphi Method: Techniques and Applications. Reading, Mass. Addison-Wesley; 1975.
Murphy MK, Black NA, Lamping DL, McKee CM, Sanderson CF, Askham J: Consensus development methods and their use in clinical guideline development.
Health Tech Assess 1998, 2:1-88.
Schiffman RN, Dixon J, Brandt C, Essaihi A, Hsaio A, Michel G: The guideline implementability appraisal (GLIA): development of an instrument to identify obstacles to guideline implementation.
BMC Med Inform Decis Mak 2005, 5:23-30.
Open Access: doi 10.1186/1472-6947-5-23PubMed Abstract | BioMed Central Full Text | PubMed Central Full Text
Dogherty EJ: Theoretical and experiential perspectives on facilitating evidence-based practice in nursing: toward a conceptual framework. Kingston, Canada: Queen's University, School of Nursing; 2009.
Harrison MB, van den Hoek J:
CAN-IMPLEMENT Guideline Adaptation and Implementation Planning Resource, version 3.0. 2012.. webcite
Graham ID, Harrison MB: Evaluation and adaptation of clinical practice guidelines.
Evid Based Nurs 2005, 8:68-72. PubMed Abstract | Publisher Full TextHealthgrades
10 Steps to Pick the Right Doctor
Whether you need a primary care doctor or a specialist, these 10 steps will ensure you find the right doctor for you. View Slideshow
Dr. Khush's Experience
Specialties
- Cardiology
- Advanced Heart Failure & Transplant Cardiology
Board Certifications
- Advanced Heart Failure and Transplant Cardiology
- Cardiovascular Disease
- Cardiac Catheterization (incl. Coronary Angiography)
- Cardiac Imaging
- Cardiac Myocardial Perfusion Imaging
- Chest CT (incl. Heart and Lungs)
- Coronary Angioplasty, Atherectomy and Stent
- Thoracentesis
- Acute Venous Embolism Thrombosis
-. Khush
Awards & Recognitions
Education & Training
Medical School
- Harvard Medical School
- Graduated in 2000
Internship Hospital
- University Of California San Francisco
- Complete in 2001
Residency Hospital
- University Of California San Francisco
- Complete in 2003
Fellowship Hospital
- University Of California San Francisco
Languages Spoken by Dr. Khush & Staff
- Spanish* versatile portable air conditioner from DeLonghi offers you 13,000 BTUs of powerful performance and incorporates the new
environmentally friendly R-410A refrigerant. It features all of the innovation DeLonghi has become know for, dripless technology,
superior air filtration, quality and top of the line cooling performance. As one of the most unique portable air conditioners available,
the DeLonghi PAC-W130E has a "water mode". In this mode you can fill a small reservoir with water to aid in the cooling process and
after use is expelled through the exhaust hose. With the addition of this feature you essentially have more cooling level options.
Combine the use of water and the Boost function for the fastest, most efficient cooling. At other times you can run the unit without
water and have a more traditional portable air conditioner, but regardless of how you configure or use your DeLonghi portable air conditioner,
the PAC-W130E will provide easy and efficient cooling and comfort during the warm summer months.
DeLonghi PAC-W130E Portable Air Conditioner
The Pinguino PAC-W130E is one of the most unique and versatile in DeLonghi's Pinguino line of home appliances. The W130E offers a variety of
features and functionality across several platforms. From simply cooling your room or removing excess moisture to acting as a fan or cleaning
the air, this DeLonghi portable air conditioner makes the task easy and efficient. Though similar to other portable models, the PAC-W130E
provides a slightly different take on very similar tasks.
What I like about the DeLonghi PAC W130E
As with most things, what will initially strike you about the DeLonghi PAC-W130E is its appearance. The simple yet stylish design gives it
an edge over most portable air conditioners. Once you get beyond the look of the unit and begin running it, that is where the real surprise
comes in. I was initially very skeptical of water being able to assist in the cooling process, but when the W130E brought our test room down
to our set point of 71 in just under 25 minutes, I put my skepticism aside. As an air conditioning unit, the Boost Mode did help cool the room
quickly. Ran separately as a dehumidifier it lowered our initial RH reading by 9% in the first 30 minutes of operation. So in either use,
the DeLonghi PAC-W130E did it's job as well as any other model we tested.
The air filtration on this unit is another excellent feature not commonly found among portable air conditioners. Unlike other brands that
use only a very coarse large particle filter that does nothing other than keep dust bunnies or large hairs out of the motor housing, the
PAC-W130E uses a genuine 3M Filtrete air filter. Filtrete filters are some of the most popular and the reason is simple. They filter more
contaminants than the competition. The use of an electrostatic filter is a decided step up from the competition.
Like many other DeLonghi portable air conditioners, the PAC-W130E is intelligently designed. With Smart (auto sets itself), Sleep, Boost
and a 24 hour timer, there are a lot of digital conveniences and options. In Smart mode, under our test conditions, the unit ran at
medium in cooling mode for most of the time. It briefly switched to fan mode, but we likely need to run this for a full season to
give you a better idea on how exactly this behaves and at what temperatures. Sleep mode will take your current settings and slowly reduce them by
6 degrees over two hours. If you set this at night before you go to sleep it reduces you energy consumption and allows the temperature to
rise a little at a time when you won't even notice. The Boost mode simple increases the cooling output by setting the air conditioner
to it's highest settings to cool your room as quickly as possible. The timer is similar to other timers, different only in that it can be set
for a full 24 hours, not 12 like many comparable models.
What I do not like about the DeLonghi PAC-W130E
While in water mode, the water doesn't last quite as long as I would have hoped. When I tried the Water saver mode, it did increase how
long the water lasted, but there was a slight reduction in how quickly the model continued to cool our test space.
As with nearly all other portable air conditioners I will always be unhappy with having to drain an internal condensate tank. There
is always the option to use a hose and gravity drain the unit, but I will always consider this a mark against a model if a tank has to be
emptied.
Overall, the DeLonghi PAC-W130E cools extremely quickly and offer an array of value added features. With superior air filtration it not only
cools but also cleans. The separate dehumidifier function is comparable to that of many commonly sold residential dehumidifiers. The
eco-friendly refrigerant gives you piece of mind while efficiently keeping you cool without hurting the environment. In all,
the PAC-W130E is good bet for you if you want a versatile, multifunctional portable air conditioner for medium to
large size spaces.
AchooAllergy.com® 3411 Pierce Drive Atlanta, GA 30341 © 2000 - 2015 AchooAllergy.com, All Rights Reserved *Free shipping on orders over $150 to the contiguous United StatesVolunteer for 'NU Gives Back'
Third annual day of service extends helping hand to surrounding communityMay 16, 2013 | by Matt Paolelli
Northwestern University students, alumni, faculty and staff are invited to participate in NU Gives Back, a University-wide day of service that unites the Northwestern community around active engagement with the surrounding community throughout Evanston and Chicago.
The third annual event kicks off at 9 a.m., Saturday, May 25, in the Norris University Center’s McCormick Auditorium. Organizers are expecting 500 volunteers, who will fan out to more than 30 sites around Evanston and Chicago including Connections for the Homeless, Evanston Library, Fleetwood-Jourdain Community Center, Levy Senior Center, PAWS Chicago and Special Olympics.
To register for the event as a volunteer, please visit.The Perfect Ski In Ski Out Properties in Brian Head
Location, Amenities and Ski Passes
Let us help you create that vacation in Brian Head.
Not only are we owners of Brian Head's best property locations, but skiing and boarding families too. We too travel and know what is required to make that vacation meet expectations. Anyone can toss a rental on VRBO or Craigslist, but can they offer personalized service? We can help you design that simple couples weekend getaway to a family excursion for a week. Located on the Giant Steps side of the mountain at Brian Head Ski Resort, we will offer you ski in ski out condos with amentities and ski passes. We have fully furnished, top of the line condos in the best projects that Brian Head has to offer.
Leave your stress behind and place yourself in unparalleled relaxation at Brian Head.
Brian Head Lodging
Offering travelers a solution to that summer or winter destination.
We offer properties to enjoy that vacation you so deserve.
Let us help you plan that next getaway.![if !(IE 6)]>
<![endif]>
P.O. Box 7261Fairfax Station, VA 22039-7261hart90office@hart90.org Fax: 703.691.1041
Home Mobile Website Contact Us Site Map which "might".
Help HART while online
Sponsored by
Our Pets are
also listed on:- Sort:
- Most Popular | Most Recent
I think this is bamboo. Will update facts soon.
About one mile in from trail head on the trail to Morgan Pass in John Muir Wilderness near Bishop Calfornia.
Phipps Conservatory
Pittsburgh, PA
Gigapan Fine Outreach
A close view of the life in the pond
The summer pond is a busy place and the dynamics of this scene largely eluded my capture. What I do like are the details of reflections.Speed-Rail is a registered trademark and line of aluminum slip on pipe fittings of the Hollaender company. Located in Cincinnati, Ohio, Pete Hollaender founded the company in 1930 and by 1946 developed and held patents to a wide line of slip on fittings. By 1958, the Hollaender company purchased an aluminum foundry to manufacture the fittings and the line of Nu-Rail® (pictured below), Speed-Rail®, (pictured above), and others became well known products.
The Hollaender company has weathered a few storms common to 20th century American manufacturing entities but remains strong a supplier to the Disney company a serves as a shout-out to the city of Cincinnati (CINTI.O) each time a hand grabs on to a rail.
These photographs were taken by the author in May, 2010 inside the Soarin' and Test Track queues.
View Walt Disney World - Photos from the Parks in a larger mapGeneralizing Mixins... c++'03
Discussion in 'C++' started by Werner, Apr 18, 2012.
Want to reply to this thread or ask your own question?It takes just 2 minutes to sign up (and it's free!). Just click the sign up button to choose a username and then you can ask your own questions on the forum.
- Similar Threads
generalizing template codeAleksandr Dubinskiy, Jul 2, 2003, in forum: C++
- Replies:
- 3
- Views:
- 486
- Aleksandr Dubinskiy
- Jul 4, 2003
Generalizing a function templateSzabolcs, Jan 19, 2008, in forum: C++
- Replies:
- 7
- Views:
- 361
- Gianni Mariani
- Jan 20, 2008
Generalizing PEP 370 (per user site-packages directory) via .pthfilesago, Mar 19, 2008, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 328
- ago
- Mar 19, 2008
Generalizing and Organizing Codetrans. (T. Onoma), Nov 23, 2004, in forum: Ruby
- Replies:
- 4
- Views:
- 149
- trans. (T. Onoma)
- Nov 25, 2004
Best practice for generalizing and documenting each method's behaviour, Aug 30, 2013, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 168
- Steven D'Aprano
- Sep 1, 2013Linked by Thom Holwerda on Thu 16th Feb 2012 14:46 UTC
Thread beginning with comment 507522
To view parent comment, click here.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
To view parent comment, click here.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
RE[8]: This article is factually wrong
by Thom_Holwerda on Thu 16th Feb 2012 21:08 in reply to "RE[7]: This article is factually wrong"
RE[8]: This article is factually wrong
by brichpmr on Sun 19th Feb 2012 15:42 in reply to "RE[7]: This article is factually wrong"
Member since:
2010-03-08Saved!
14K Yellow Gold 18" 1.35mm Hollow Rope Chain
web ID: 2811811
This delicately twisted 14K gold chain catches the light with every twist of your elegant neck to create a look that is both rich and understated.
Metal: 14K yellow gold
Closure: Spring-ring
Dimensions: 1.35mm wide; 18" long hollow rope chain
Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Ship to a different location change ZIP.
lifetime jewelry protection plan for $40 manufacturer shipped (ships in 3 week),MS3WUnited States Department of Agriculture
Agricultural Research Service
Technical Abstract:
Endoproteinase assays with gels containing incorporated gelatin have shown that this substrate is exceptional for studying enzymes from different sources. However, due to its solubility in trichloroacetic acid, gelatin is not suited to 'in solution' assays carried out in the classic manner (by reading the absorbance of supernatants of hydrolysis reactions after the substrate has been precipitated with trichloroacetic acid). In this paper we demonstrate that gelatin can be used for such analyses by using isopropanol as precipitating reagent. Alternatively, azogelatin, which is precipitated by trichloroacetic acid, can be used. Azogelatin also serves as a very good substrate. One problem with using gelatin (or any nonderivatized protein) as substrate for measuring the activity of crude enzyme preparations is that protein contaminants in the enzyme preparation are hydrolyzed. The resulting peptides are impossible to differentiate from those released from the gelatin substrate. This problem is obviated when azogelatin is used, since its peptides are detected at 440 nm, a wavelength where nonderivatized peptides do not absorb. Unlike some azo-derivatized proteins, azogelatin is soluble from pH 3.0 to 9.0. This, together with the fact that it is hydrolyzed by many different endoproteinases, makes it suitable for many applications.Not exactly a spring-like morning here in Mannionville. 36 degrees and it’s not supposed to get much over 40. But it’s the fourth day in a row with sunshine. The snow from early in the week hasn’t melted away, but there are patches of grass here and there, and there’s nothing heavy predicted. Over in Massachusetts, though, things haven’t been near as mild. Winter just won’t give up. A friend of Uncle Merlin who lives on Cape Cod sent along this photo from yesterday morning. Orleans, MA. Friday. March 22, 2013.
Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them.
Your Information
(Name and email address are required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.)
Thirty degrees and sunshine here. The snow's holding fast.
Posted by: JD | Saturday, March 23, 2013 at 10:59 AM
-25'C and sunshine here. Not surprisingly, the snow is holding fast here as well.
Posted by: Ken Muldrew | Saturday, March 23, 2013 at 10:24 PM 2 Family Home located in desirable North Arlington! 1ST floor features Living Room, Dining Room, Kitchen, 2 Bedrooms and 1 Full a 1 Car Attached Garage Bath... 2nd Floor features Living Room, Kitchen, Dining Room, 2 Bedrooms and 1 Full Bath. Other Features Include Full Finished Bath with Family Room and Den, Central Air and a 1 Car Attached Garage! Easy access to RT, 280, 17, 7, 3, NJ Turnpike and Close to NYC TRANSPORTATION
Legal 2 family home with finished basement, open floor plan and easy access to shopping and NYC transit.
Well Established auto mechanics body shop,over 35 years of customer base can be changed to another business of choice. busy main street location.
Large, Incredible, Extremely Well Maintained 2 Family Home in Desirable section of North Arlington. All Large Rooms with High Ceilings! Hardwood Floors and Natural Woodwork Throughout! Finished Basement! Finished Attic! All separate utilities! Great Screened-in porch off Kitchen on both levels! Large 50' x 100' Beautiful Manicured Corner Lot! Two Car Detached Garage! A MUST SEE HOME WHERE PRIDE OF OWNERSHIP SHOWS!
Commercial mixed use property in the heart of North Arlington on Ridge Road! This brick front building was rebuilt in 2001, with parking lot for approx. 8 cars and 1 car garage in rear, 2x6 studs, siding, walls, roof, interior, etc.! 1st floor has 10' ceilings and currently used as a beauty salon and owner retiring-consists of 4 stations & chairs with mirrors, 2 shampoo stations and more all available for an additional $10,000- turn key ready for you or a tenant to take over or lease to a different use. 2nd floor has a bright and modern apartment with 4 rooms, 1 bath-modern kitchen, huge bedroom measuring 12.5' x 23' rented at $1,100 month to month. Full basement Separate gas forced hot air heat and central air conditioning. 200 amp service, full open basement with 8' ceilings and French drains.
If you need an abundance of room and have been looking for such home, you found it in this beautiful house. Entry Foyer with guest closet, seating are, Formal Living and dining rooms. Recreation room, breakfast nook and a large kitchen wit pantry. back entry foyer, 1 bedroom completes the first floor. upstairs you have 4 Bedrooms and an office. The basement is high, open and walk-out to the street. 2 full 1 half bath and a 2 car garage completes this vast home. recently renovated with many upgrades throughout ...
Real Living Gateway Realtors
464 Boulevard
Hasbrouck Heights, NJ 07604Play This Episode
Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin.
Episode Summary
According to a 2009 poll, more Americans believe in ghosts than don't. But what are ghosts exactly? If they do exist, what are they made of and why are they hanging around? Josh and Chuck explore both sides of the divide between belief and skepticism on the topic of ghosts and look at some pretty cool explanations for hauntings.See your red on these designs right now!
Enter your colors here, then click the
icon below any design to preview it in your colors.
Recommended Just For You
Customer Raves & Reviews
Wedding Holiday Cards were beautiful.
Customer service was awesome. They continually helped me to get the card exactly right. I would recommend them!Top Five Revisited. Again. Once More. Redundant..
Oh, it’s on.
Top Five.
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
Bloggers, start your proverbial engines! Lurkers, de-lurk! Mom, feel free to not post about your guilty pleasures as it may make my head implode.
Game on.
29 Comments:
Top 5 websites:
I'm not necesarily saying these websites 'rock' but they are the Non-D ones I visit most often. (the library) (school) ( to make cards)
Top 5 reasons I'm grining today:
I have a job interview this afternoon
Our dog was sick but is looking better
My high blood sugar has come down
The boss will be out all afternoon
Why not?
Top 4 uses for Bacon Bits:
Salad topper
Baked potato topper
To get the dog the eat her food
To make an otherwise healthy dish un-healthy
Top 5 travel destinations:
Ireland
San Francisco
Jackson, NH with my hubby
Victoria, BC
Seattle
Top 5 Guilty Pleasures:
Peanut butter directly from jar
Ben & Jerry's Chubby Hubby
Playing solitaire at work
Aveda hair products
A nap on the weekend
~Melissa
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites
If I told you, then I'd have to kill you. - for Sox coverage - for more Sox coverage - it's a sickness
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
It's snowing! No wait, that's not a smile, that's a grimace of anguish.
I'm not smiling today. The president is in Bridgeport, CT and it's seriously fucking up my logistics and I fully expect the Secret Service to show up and arrest me after all the cursing of the man I've done.
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
Salads
Omlettes
egg sandwiches
to eat
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
Italy
Ireland
France
Japan
Australia
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
Lake Champlain Five Star bars
Fluffernutter
Cotton Candy
Maeve Binchy/Rosemund Pilcher novels
Shoe shopping
Oh, and I looooooooove John Cusack. Love, love, love him.
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
My teeth are freshly brushed
The gauge lights on the Jetta are blue and red and look cool in the rain
I bought new, cheap earrings that are very pretty
Ann Taylor is having a sale
When I woke up, there were three cats sleeping on the bed and one was on Chris’s head
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
As gravel for an Atkins-themed Gingerbread House
As an alternative exfoliant
In a delicious Easter frittata
To taunt Wilbur from Charlotte’s Web
On a salad
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
London
Ireland
The Moon
Iceland
Hawaii
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
Nip/Tuck (but I don’t feel that guilty)
Beyonce and her catchy tunes
Espresso martinis
Blogging and reading countless other blogs at work!
Reusing pump supplies more than once (makes me feel like I’m pulling a fast one on insurance companies)
Top Websites:
Our law firm website (because I need to know why no one is ever at work but me)
Finebaum.com- Because we all like southerners who discuss college football in April.
FCC.com- Sometimes its fun to see how the FCC explains indecency.
Washington Post- Lets face it, free is still free.
Why Am I Grinning?
I have food stuck in my teeth.
I have my first TM class today.
Its spring, silly.
Bacon Bits:
Spare tire.
Trampoline for Thing 2
Way to Shorten Life by 4 years
Travel Destinations:
A trip to your heart (does that line even work?)
Guilty Pleasures:
Six Until Dee
The O.C.Dee
Really bad puns (duh!)
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites (because I like to play games :D )
(because I'm nosey and this is a great place to go for community gossip and rantings)
(because he is so frikkin' funny - the photo's on his blog almost make me pee myself - good pokes at Canadian politicians).
(also hiliarious - come on - it's Dave Barry!)
(Love this site - wonderful writer - love his stories)
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
I will be on the radio tomorrow. (ok, it's a toss up between a grin and a grimace)
I went on a diet today (again, grin/grimace combination going there)
Spring is here.
I found a babysitter for my child with Diabetes (this makes me ecstatic).
The kids aren't fighting right now.
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
Not a huge fan of bacon bits (please don't hurt me!)
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
Carribean
East coast of Canada
Texas
Hawaii
Anywhere in the Mediterranean (a cruise would be good)
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
Chocolate
Chocolate
Chocolate
Chocolate
Chocolate (I have a problem)
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites
*
*
*
* - more specifically, the message board there
* - created by an old friend that passed away. Pop culture zine.
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
* Tap dancing
* Students in this building
* The fact that I've lost 9 lbs in a week and half on my new healthy life plan.
* My cat actually crawled *under* the covers with me this morning and made me sleep in late. Well, I couldn't disturb her, could I?
* My brother's wife was induced at 10 am this morning. I can't wait to meet my new nephew.
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
* Farm themed arts and crafts
* Salads
* Crisped on top of some kind of casserole
* With eggs of any kind
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
* Ireland again
* NYC again
* Charleston, SC
* Paris
* Denver
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
* Shopping for clothing and shoes
* Hersheys with Almonds
* Reality Television (I have specific shoes, but the list would have exceeded 5)
* Sleeping in on cold, rainy mornings
* Fried Shrimp
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites
* Hope webmail.(Email) I think I may be addicted.
*
*
*psychology/chem board (stupid classes!)
*
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
* I didn't have my 7am lab.
* I didn't have anatomy class today.
* I got in to see the nurse in the health clinic with a daughter on the pump, so she actually knows what she is talking about.
* I am going to take a nap shortly.
* I have no more exams this week. :-)
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
*Salad
*baked potatoes
*egg dished
*to give me a headache
* to take up space in the cupboard??
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
* Colorado
*Washington D.C.
* The west coast
*Somewhere South. Anywhere that is warm, really.
*England/Ireland/Netherlands.
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
* A nap in the middle of the day. (There are major benefits to being a college student.)
* Grey's Anatomy.
*Chocolate cookie dough ice cream. Yummy...
*Reading WAAY too many blogs and xanga's....
* Pretty much anything from the snack store on campus. mmm Quesadillas..
Top 5 Websites - geek site - geek site - shameful plug :) - news (boring) - LoL
Top 5 Reasons I'm grinning
I am alive
I have a great wife
I have two awesome kids
My Sirius is getting fixed
"Shake your body down to the ground" is playing on my iPod!
Top 5 uses for Bacon Bits
Topping on all foods!
Mixed with soap makes a good loofah
Can replace glitter in kids craft projects
Adds a great scent to your favorite potpourri dish!
not only toppings but as the bottomings. (not a word but a good idea!)
Top 5 Travel Destinations
Las Vegas
Cabo San Lucas
Syndey Autralia
Walt Disney World
Italy
Top 5 Guilty Pleasures
The Powerpuff girls cartoon
Banana and chucky peanut butter sandwich
The Chicken Dance
Karaoke
Nicole - Congratulations on the new nephew!!!
Jaime - I love Dave Barry. He's a funny bastard. The fact that he has an Auxilary Back Up Dog named Zippy kills me. Kills me.
Mr. Dee - A trip to my heart? It requires cheap jewelery. And bacon bits. And potentially some Xanax (it could be a long flight).
Jen - I have never watched Grey's Anatomy, yet I've heard so much about it. I must be seriously missing out, no?
George - Did you shake your body down to the ground or what?
Melissa - Good luck on your job interview!!!
Julia - Boston Dirt Dogs, baby. I'm sure you're a member.
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites: (my local moms group)
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
1) I worked out at lunch
2) I got a free t-shirt
3) I don't have to cook dinner tonight
4) I scored a Peter Pan dvd for dd for only $10
5) It's almost time to go home!
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
I hate them... I'd only use them to induce vomiting :-P
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
1) Everest basecamp
2) Anywhere in the Carribean
3) Hawaii
4) Chile
5) Alaska
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
1) Rita's gelatis with rainbow sprinkles
2) shopping
3) reality tv
4) blogs
5) avoiding work during work hours
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites
any site not connected to work - ie any site not related to a utility or utility regulation.
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
Its almost time to go home
This IM comment from my Assit - "since when are grown adults incapable of sticking a piece of paper in an envelope, putting postage on it and putting it in a basket?"
Other then that, nothing...Blew my blog to bits today and have to start from scratch.
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
Salads
Burgers
Potato Salad
Eggs
Cheese Soup!
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
Australia
Italy
Greece
Germany
Bora Bora
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
Scottsdale, AZ Princess Resort
Warm Chocolate Chip Cookies
Well really ANYTHING chocolate
um, chocolate
and, oh ya, chocolate
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
I have new teeth
I look pretty
I went to Walmart and bought some shoes on clearance and a new mop
My son is laughing for no reason
I went shopping with my best friend in the whole world
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
I don't like bacon bits
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
Alberta
Nova Scotia
California
Cant think of others...
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
Chocolate in any form
Cake
cheesey romance novels
a nap during the day
playing video games when my boy is not looking (he doesnt like to share)
Kerri - Oh, I tried to become a member of the dirt dogs. Bastids never responded to my request. Bastids.
Top 5 Websites:
Top 5 reasons I'm grinning today?
I finished my taxes- and I did them myself!
My mom is cooking my favorite dinner
Great hair day, despite the snow
My blood sugar has been great today
Thoughts of 90210 :)
Top 5 for Bacon Bits:
No thanks- they're fake bacon.
Top 5 places to travel:
Alaska
Japan
Australia
Costa Rica
Greece
Top 5 guilty pleasures:
The perfect dirty Ketel 1 martini
Manolo Blahniks
Chocolate covered potato chips
Peanut butter and banana sandwiches
Diane von Furstenberg wrap dresses
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites (at this moment)
1) Salon.com
2) TelevisionWithout Pity (adds a whole new level of enjoyment to the television viewing experience)
3) Mimi Smartypants
4) Riley's Ramblings
5) Tales From My Tiny Kingdom
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today
1) It's after 5pm, and Joseph has been in the low to mid 100s since he went to bed last night. This almost never happens.
And yes, that would be a huge grin...
2) The sun was shining and it was in the 50s almost the entire day-- thus, my daughter and I spent a good deal of today OUTSIDE playing (as opposed to INSIDE spring cleaning).
Oh Yeah!
3) Our tax man is coming over tonight... as a result, I've been hearing The Beatles singing in my head-- "yeah I'm the taxmaaan."
All. Day.
4) About 20 minutes ago-- just before going outside -- my son said, "Mom, I want to go look at my new cleats. Hey, do you want to look at them with me?"
And so for several minutes we sat together admiring his new cleats, and the box they came in.
(BTW, they're Reeboks and in the box is a picture of Curt Schilling's bloodied ankle over a cleat identical to Joseph's... my boy is in awe)
5) Just when I thought I didn't have a fifth thing, Evan calls me to our back window, "Mommy, there's bunnies in the back yard!"
And she's right.
Man, I love spring :D
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits
I must say, not a fan of the bacon bits.
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To
1) Paris
2) Italy (Florence and Venice)
3) Portugal again
4) New Zealand
5) London again
Top Five Guilty Pleasures
1) The darkest of chocolate
2) Fluffer Nutters (just hate to see the kids eat 'em alone)
3) A long hot bath-- longer than you thought possible (though an all-too-brief shower is all I ever seem to have time for... sigh)
4) Reality TV (only two shows-- American Idol and Survivor)-- and sadly, aside from the occasional Letterman, about the only TV I watch these days.
5) And a drumroll please... my upcoming long weekend in Chicago with two of my sisters.
The first time I'll be away from my kids overnight.
Ever.
Yikes!
Oh, and Jamie-- I'll have to check out Rick Mercer's site. Ryan and I were huge fans of The Industry back when PBS broadcast it here in the states. (I think it was called Made in Canada up your way)
Mercer is a genius.
Top 5 Websites
be.bart because sometimes I get homesick
Huffington Post because you can't get the news from cable tv
BBC news for the international news
Go Fug Yourself also a guilty pleasure
Narnia Rap Battle sometimes you just need a laugh
Top Reasons I'm Grinning Today
I've eaten 2 Chocolate Grahams in an attempt to get my BG up!
I got new Birkenstocks for slopping around the house. On Sale.
I bought new lingerie.
It's still light outside at 7:30 pm.
I walked the dogs and I didn't need a jacket.
Bacon Bits, aren't they for dogs? Oh hang on that's Beggin' Strips. Do they taste the same? I've never eaten either. Neither have the dogs.
Top 5 Travel Destinations
Sydney, Australia
Spain
Toronto
Finger Lakes, NY
Brussels
Top 5 Guilty Pleasures
Chocolate Covered Grahams
Red Pepper and Goat Cheese Kettle Chips
Schadenfreude - see above
that's three, I don't feel guilty about shoe shopping or martinis, that's pure pleasure.
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites: - I heart Moby. - A really great Christian author - Because IMDB knows all. - the greatest invention ever. - A faithful follower of Google.
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today:
I had coffee with my good friend Julie who I haven't seen in awhile.
I'm on my 4th day of not smoking.
It's sunny outside.
My parents will pay for some of the stuff I bought while in California.
I'm going to the JDRF Gala this weekend and I get to wear my pretty black dress.
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits:
Bacon Bits? Ick.
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To:
New Zealand (to visit the Hobbits)
Pakistan
Israel
Greece
Ireland (I just found out that I'm part Irish!)
Top Five Guilty Pleasures:
Teenybopper pop music
Cigarettes (or at least, it was)
Stealing wireless internet
Oreos with peanut butter
Sleeping in
Top 5 reasons i'm grinning today.
1) I'm currently naked.
2) I've just shot my neighbours dog.
5) I can't count.
Top 5 guilty pleasures:
1) Injecting heroin into my eyeballs,
2) Injecting heroin into others peoples eyeballs.
3) Kicking the dog.
4) Kicking other peoples dogs
5) Injecting heroin into other peoples dogs eyeballs while simultaneously kicking them.
Top Five Non-Diabetes Related Websites:
Top Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today:
1. I'm finally feeling inspired to write my Master's thesis
2. My mom just had a prayer answered and may be starting the perfect job for her!
3. The Giants won last night :)
4. It's a gorgeous morning
5. I'm excited for the future...
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits:
I'm not a fan of bacon bits.
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To:
Mexico City
Greece
Italy
Nicaragua
Martinique (again)
Egypt (just to watch my husband experience it!)
Top Five Guilty Pleasures:
Chocolate covered pretzels!
Dreyer's Smooth & Creamy ice cream
People Magazine
American Idol
huh, I need more guilty pleasures!
Top Five Websites:
-
- (Woman recounts her grueling 63 days at a teen boot camp, it's really disturbing...I find it hard to read it sometimes, but I can't help myself)
-
-
-
Five Reasons You’re Grinning Today:
-I get to eat leftover sushi for lunch today.
-I'm caught up with laundry.
-I made a really good cup of coffee.
-I think Brendon is developing a Boston accent (I love Boston accents)
-My tight jeans are now loose.
Top Five Uses for Bacon Bits:
-Salad.
-BLT's when you don't have real bacon.
-Salad
-BLT's
-Salad
Top Five Places You Want to Travel To:
-Australia
-Spain
-Italy
-Southern France
-Ireland
Top Five Guilty Pleasures:
-Reality shows
-John Grisham
-People Magazine
-TV shows about eating disorders
-Adolescent comedic movies like Old School.
Top 5 Websites:
Backspace Writing Community
Readerville Writing and Reading Community
Confessions of an Idiosyncratic Mind Crime Fiction Blog
GMail
Miss Snark the Literary Agent
Top 5 Reasons to Grin
Found a box of 10 (TEN) infusion sets I didn't know we had
Sun is shining today
Helped somebody with a serious problem yesterday
I own a comfy coat that I love
Insurance will pay for half my anti-teeth-grinding device
Top 5 Uses for Bacon Bits
Salad
Baked potato
Art project
Occupies space in cupboard
confetti
Top 5 Travel Destinations
Ireland
Sweden
London
New York
Hawaii
Top 5 Guilty Pleasures
Reality TV
Jack in the Box curly fries
Whole Foods Veggie Chips
Blog Surfing
eyebrow waxing
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.
Yes, Kerri. You are missing one of the BEST shows ever. I used to be an ER fan, but Grey's Anatomy is my new love. Sunday 10/9c. I heart George. We have Grey's Anatomy parties in my dorm. A bunch of us get together to watch it every sunday.
Top Five Websites:
Top Five Reasons I'm grinning today:
The Green Valley Bookfair (largest discount book sale on East Coast)
Movie Store Sale(8 VHS, 3 DVD=$29)
It's raining hard, (we REALLY need the rain) so I don't have to mow the grass yet...
Finally Ebay'd off a set of cds I've been wanting to get rid of forever.(yes!)
It's a weekend. Why not?:-)
Top Four uses for bacon bits
1. Potatos
2. Salad
3. To annoy people who hate 'em.
4. New tooth filling tester. (Crunchhh, darn, there went the tooth!)
Top 5 Travel Destinations
Niagra Falls
The Great Barrier Reef(Aussie-Land)
Switzerland, Germany, Austria(Alp skiing, beer, brautwurst, etc.)
Hawaii
Scotland
Top 5 Guilty Pleasures:
Anchovy-Ham-Mushroom-bacon-double
cheesey Pizza Hut personal pan pizza.
A DQ Bananna Split
Friday Night at a Golden Corral restaurunt
A day off work
Shoe Shopping(I'm with Julia-I love doing it,but it makes me feel guilty as anything!)
1. I had a new job interview for a CAREER.
2. My bg's are great!
3. My books on hold are in at the public library.
4. I get to see my parents and sisters this weekend.
5. My friend Molly is convinced we should have a "beerster egg hunt."
1. salad
2. baked potatoes
3. green beans
I am sooo out of uses
1. London
2. Italy
3. Massachusetts
4. Australia
5. Amsterdam
1. Gilmore Girls
2. Trampolines
3. Tap dancing
4. Saved By the Bell reruns
5. Twizz:Seeing as the Radagast model comes with Sebastien the Hedgehog, a tiny addition to the overall thing, I clearly in my drunken stupor justified the spend to myself with 'he comes with a hedgehog'. So, yes, I'm clearly an utter nob.
I would like to add that I'm pleased to have gotten the words 'swollen', 'nob', 'lanced' and 'hedgehog' into this post. I have as such put labels accordingly, someone with a rather niche fetish will get a boring google search result at some point in the future.
Yours Nobbly
Steve
Wont be the last time either :)
we've all been there. :)
Ha! Classic buyers remorse.
Drunken eBay buys are always funny too, it's like Christmas you never know what will turn up.
I look forward to you painting probably a third (optimistically) of it ;)Geddes, NY - Workers at the International Building at the New York State Fair are cleaning up this morning after a fire at one of the concession stands.
No one was injured and the fire was quickly put out at the Sakana-Ya sushi stand, State Fair Director Dan O'Hara said this morning.
The booth is located in the middle of a wall of concession stands inside the International Bulding.
The building opened at 10 a.m. today, but the booth where the fire happened remained closed during the morning. Workers inside the booth would not talk to reporters.
Here's what O'Hara said happened:
Security and delivery people in the building smelled smoke and pulled the fire alarm at 2:40 a.m. The Solvay Fire Department, whose staff is stationed on the grounds during the 12-day fair, responded.
A sprinkler system also kicked in to put out the fire. Each stand in the building has its own system.
This morning the building has a slightly smokey smell and observers could see a smoke-damaged deli case and other equipment in front of one of the stands. Fire investigators also looked through the damage.
Damage was contained to the booth where the fire started, O'Hara said. A nearby stand also received some water damage.
Onondaga County and state health inspectors will go through each of the 20 concession stands before the building re-opens.
At 6 a.m., Gabi Ashkar was wiping down the King Tut stand located about three stands from the fire.
Ashkar said he wanted to give it an extra cleaning before it opened for business this morning.
"The guys did a good job,'' he said of the fire department.
King Tut, which is owned by his brother, Samir Ashkar, has been in the building for 30 years and this is the first time there has been a fire, Gabi Ashkar said.Langlade County News
Author: Antigo Daily Journal
Source: Antigo Daily Journal
Mar. 8, 2012
Sartori Cheese has taken two best-of-class awards at the World Championship Cheese Contest in Madison for its high-end Parmesan.
Following judging on Tuesday, Gary Domke took best-of-class in the hard cheese division with his Sartori Reserve Extra Aged Asiago, produced in Antigo.
And Team Sartori Whey of Plymouth earned best of class in the shredded cheese division for its Sartori Reserve Shredded SarVecchio Parmesan.
The awards were announced as judges and the public prepare for tonight’s finals, where 16 best-of-class winners will complete for the grand prize..
The three-day contest began Monday with judges grading 2,500 entries in 82 cheese and butter classes on flavor, texture, body and color. The winner in each class advanced to the semifinals, where the top 16 were chosen for tonight’s.
In division judging, Domke’s aged Asiago scored 99.55, narrowly edging two Austria entries which scored 99.45 and 99.35.
Antigo’s Sartori plant was well-represented in the division, with Aaron Quick of Antigo entering a Reserve Extra Aged Fontina and a Classic Fontina and Domke bringing a Classic Romano. Joe Pagel of Antigo entered a Classic Asiago and Mike Matucheski an Extra Aged Classic and a Reserve BellaVitano Gold.
In the shredded cheese category, the score was even closer, with Sartori receiving 97.60 to 97.55 for a colored cheddar/Monterrey offered by Jerome Cheese Company based in Idaho. Sartori Team Whey also brought a Reserve Shredded Merlot BellaVitano, a Reserve Shredded Black Pepper BellaVitano and a Reserve Shredded Salsa Asiago.
Other Sartori entries included:
—Hard mixed milk cheese: Mike Matucheski, Limited Edition Pastorale Bend, second with 97.15. Winner was Central Coast Creamery of California, 98.70 for a cheese it labeled Seascape.
Matucheski also entered a Limited Edition Mixed Milk Blend
—Flavored cheese with sweet condiments: Mike Matucheski, Reserve Merlot BellaVitano and Limited Edition Cognac BellaVitano. The division was won by a Quebec entry.
—Flavored hard cheeses: Mike Matucheski, Reserve Espresso BellaVitano, Reserve Basil and Olive Oil Asiago, Reseve Black Pepper BellaVitano, Reserve Rosemary and Olive Oil Asiago, Reserve Mediterraneain Fontina, BellaVitano T, Reserve Salsa Asiago, Reserve Balsamic BellaVitano, and Limited Edition Cannella BellaVitano. A cheese from Switzerland was the winner.
—Parmesan: John Griffiths, Antigo, Reserve SarVecchio Parmesan; Gary Domke, Classic Parmesan; Mike Matucheski, Natural Rind Parmesan. BelGioioso Cheese of Pulaski’s Parmesan was the winner.Xavier cleans up with sweep of Butler 64-50
INDIANAPOLIS (AP)
Semaj Christon scored 15 points and Isaiah Philmore had 10 Tuesday, leading Xavier past longtime rival Butler 64-50.
It was the second straight win for the Musketeers (17-7, 7-4 Big East) and gave Xavier a season sweep in a series it has dominated recently. The Musketeers have won eight of the last 10 against the Bulldogs.
Butler (12-12, 2-10) was led by Elijah Brown with 14 points and Alex Barlow with 11. It has lost three straight and five of six.
This was no typical matchup between two programs that broke through the ranks of the mid-majors to become perennial basketball powers.
The Bulldogs struggled mightily on offense, shooting just 33 percent from the field, and the Musketeers eventually pulled away.
Xavier scored the final five points of the first half to make it 31-22, then opened the second half on a 17-2 run to make it 48-24..Login And redirect for specefic users
Discussion in 'ASP General' started by SemSem,,155
- Scott Allen
- Oct 4, 2004
Basic Q - Response.Redirect, all redirect to first Response.Redirect statementSal, May 15, 2004, in forum: ASP .Net Web Controls
- Replies:
- 1
- Views:
- 1,315
- Sal
- May 15, 2004
redirect specefic user with specefic role to specefic pages ASP.neSemSem, Feb 4, 2007, in forum: ASP General
- Replies:
- 1
- Views:
- 122
- Mike Brind
- Feb 5, 2007Svalbard, Iceland and Greenland's East Coast:
• See polar bears in their natural habitat, the sea ice, in the gorgeous, uninhabited wilds of Svalbard far from any human settlements — accompanied by expert spotters to increase your sightings
• Follow in the wake of the 10th-century Viking explorers along the ice shelf
• Discover the dramatic landscapes and rich traditions of Greenland; explore the seldom-seen east coast fjords & icebergs; spot white-tailed eagles, among the 60 species of birds that breed in Greenland
• Actively explore Iceland’s Westfjord region; walk on lava fields and ice sheets, feel the spray of gushing hot springs and cascading waterfalls; cruise among magnificent icebergs
• Meet the intriguing people able to thrive in their Arctic homelands
• Enjoy superlative photo ops & on-board photo assistance
• Travel confidently in the company of Arctic experts, committed and able to provide you with an extraordinary experience
Brief Itinerary
Tour Dates
Days 1 & 2 — Home/Fly Overnight to Oslo, Norway
Fly overnight to Oslo. On arrival, check into the.
Day 3 — Oslo/Longyearbyen/Embark
Depart Oslo on a charter flight and enjoy breathtaking vistas en route to Longyearbyen. Embark National Geographic Explorer.
Days 4 to 16 — Exploring Svalbard, Greenland & Iceland.
Day 17 — Reykjavik/Disembark/Home
Our grand adventure takes us to Iceland’s lively capital city, Reykjavik. Have a guided overview of the old town, and visit the famous Blue Lagoon thermal baths, prior to your flight home.
* Itinerary may be subject to change
Prices are per person, double occupancy unless indicated solo. All trips may incur a fuel surcharge.
Prices are per person, double occupancy unless indicated solo. All trips may incur a fuel surcharge.
Each week NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune compiles a list of high school football stat leaders for the New Orleans area.
Here are New Orleans Metro area football leaders through the first five games:
RUSHING
84-914, Derrick Dillon, Pine, 10 TDs
122-897, Montel Williams, Slidell, 10 TDs
79-894, Darrel Williams, Ehret, 8 TDs
47-709, Devin Sylve, Belle Chasse, 8 TDs
74-689, Trey Ragas, Shaw, 8 TDs
70-658, Jeremy Jackson, West St. John, 6 TDs
112-653, Devan Penton, Pearl River, 10 TDs
77-634, Leonard Fournette, St. Augustine, 5 TDs
60-604, Theron Williams, Ehret, 5 TDs
50-591, Kendall Bussey, Newman, 10 TDs
71-589, Justin Theriot, Terrebone, 5 TDs
66-580, Ronald Green, East Jefferson, 10 TDs
58-562, Taylor Mussachia, Northlake Christian, 10 TDs
68-558, Christian Campbell, Ponchatoula, 4 TDs
57-547, Will Matthews, Destrehan, 8 TDs
66-546, George Moreira, Curtis, 6 TDs
85-540, D’Ondre Joseph, Riverdale, 7 TDs
75-538, Bracy Gardner, Easton, 7 TDs
25-507, Terren Encalade, Belle Chasse, 9 TDs
61-493,Tre Turner, Holy Cross, 5 TDs
29-492, Andrew Hicks, Belle Chasse, 3 TDs
113-491, C.J. Sims, Covington, 4 TDs
62-480, Colby Stewart, Terrebone, 7 TDs
84-480, Jared West, Brother Martin, 7 TDs
111-476, Travis Scearce, Fontainebleau, 4 TDs
67-474, Bruce Rilliux, Ridgewood, TD
74-459, Erron Lewis, St. Charles Catholic, 8 TDs
67-457, Jeremy Smith, Hammond, 5 TDs
86-450, Bryce Perez, Northshore, 6 TDs
67-443, Michael Froeba, Hannan, TD
67-437, Nigel Anderson, East St. John, 3 TDs
41-422, Eugene Wells, East Jefferson, 9 TDs
28-408, Andrew Kern, Country Day, 5 TDs
52-398, Lenard Calloway, Covenant Christian, 4 TDs
81-394, Ivan Phipps, Rummel, 2 TDs
82-393, Keith Fulton, Rummel, 3 TDs
40-372, Rodnell Cruell, McDonogh 35, 4 TDs
27-362, Jordan McKay, Covenant Christian, 5 TDs
50-358, Korey Zeigler, Hannan, 8 TDs
69-357, John Broussard, Houma Christian, 4TDs
68-355, Dylan Fields, Lakeshore, 4 TDs
54-344, Devin Glenn, Easton, 8 TDs
62-337, Raekwon James, Curtis,
27-336, Jase Griffin, Country Day, 6 TDs
39-334, Jabiari Tyler, Newman, 4 TDs
34-332, Bruce Jordan, Brother Martin, 4 TDs
38-331, Kevin Dufauchard, Ben Franklin, 5 TDs
30-328, Davonte Green, Hammond, 2 TDs
56-326, Todd Spriggins, Holy Cross, 6 TDs
57-319, Trevon Tatum, Crescent City, 3 TDs
36-317, Marcus Gaines, St. Paul's, 5 TDs
45-312, Joshua Barney, Lusher, 2 TDs
46-310, Connor Lambert, Chalmette, 4 TDs
38-297, Drake Battaglia, Houma Christian, 7 TDs
63-294, Renaz Wilson, Franklinton, 4 TDs
PASSING
1,609, Omari Jones, McMain, 83-140-3, 18 TDs
1,259, Josh Johnson, Easton, 81-167-7, 9 TDs
1,110, Glen Cuiellette, Mandeville, 63-108-5, 12 TDs
1,057, Deuce Wallace, Riverside, 83-136-6, 12 TDs
1,056, Donovon Isom, Destrehan, 53-78-0, 17 TDs
997, Ryan O’Krepki, St. Paul’s, 72-113-2, 10 TDs
993, Dylan Savarese, Covington, 78-134-5, 8 TDs
935, Jabairi Tyler, Newman, 62-93-3, 18 TDs
907, Dylan Fields, Lakeshore, 63-119-4, 8 TDs
897, Trey LaForge, Jesuit, 72-128-8, 8 TDs
856, Quinton Matthews, Carver, 49-104-4, 10 TDs
821, Dominic Fillinich, South Lafourche, 54-108-2, 7 TDs
800, Willard Cheatham, McDonogh 35, 63-107-3, 3 TDs
755, Dion Ray, Helen Cox, 48-99-3, 6 TDs
755, Todd Adkins, H.L. Bourgeois, 55-115-6, 8 TDs
746, Louis Landrum III, Lusher, 42-67-7, 9 TDs
713, Austin Howard, West St. John, 52-104-5, 7 TDS
704, Ron Robinson, Franklinton, 43-70-3, 9 TDs
694, James Tabary, Holy Cross, 51-96-1, 6 TDs
683, Andrew Hicks, Belle Chasse, 37-52-2, 8 TDs
671, Chase Sims, Fontainebleau, 83-161-8, 2 TDs
642, Speedy Noil, Karr, 40-70-1, 9 TDs
612, Lowell Narcisse, St. James, 38-84-1, 8 TDs
587, Toi Jackson, St. Augustine, 44-76-4, 9 TDs
570, Dominick Fillinich, South Lafourche, 39-86-2, 4 TDs
562, Derek Robinson, Wright, 44-95-6, 4 TDs
559, Derrick Dillon, Pine, 31-63-0, 5 TDs
533, Chase Fourcade, Rummel, 34-66-3, 6 TDs
522, Ryan Walden, De La Salle, 35-61-2, 5 TDs
517, Dalvin Populist, Northshore, 28-64-0, 5 TDs
515, Glenn Pursell, Ridgewood, 36-68-3, 3 TDs
503, Blayne Hero, Pope John Paul II, 29-58-7, 4 TDs
492, Jake Broggi, Brother Martin, 45-87-4, 2 TDs
472, Micah Robertson, Crescent City, 32-59-7, 4 TDs
461, Austin Weber, St. Charles, 32-67-4, 4 TDs
460, Quentin Gibson, Shaw, 28-57-4, 8 TDs
456, Calvin Johnson, Carver, 23-42-5, 5 TDs
449, Josh O’Rear, Northlake Christian, 30-50-1, 6 TDs
430, Korey Zeigler, Hannan, 54-78-4, 8 TDs
RECEIVING
29-536, James Howard, McMain, 5 TDs
23-481, Romalis Walker, Carver, 4 TDs
30-464, Herb McGee, Riverside, 5 TDs
22-455, Charles Jackson, McMain, 6 TDs
19-431, Carlius Joseph, Carver, 6 TDs
20-430, Darnell Williams, McMain, 4 TDs
28-413, Tyron Johnson, Easton, 4 TDs
21-410, Darius Williams, McDonogh 35, 1 TD
21-398, Kelejawan Leflore, Easton, 2 TDs
19-379, D’ Kwan Sandolph, St. James, 4 TDs
18-374, Zac Barrient, Mandeville, 3 TDs
16-373, Terren Encalade, Belle Chasse, 7 TDs
20-345, Mike Chigbu, Holy Cross, 3 TDs
26-339, Jerry Cook, Holy Cross, 2 TDs
22-338, C.J. Sims, Covington, 3 TDs
15-318, Alfred Smith, Destrehan, 5 TDs
19-318, Tylone Johnson, H.L. Bourgeois, 3 TDs
15-318, Xavier Chatman, Lakeshore, 3 TDs
16-316, Donovan Alonzo, Franklinton, 4 TDs
11-312, Devin Battaglia, Houma Christian, 3 TDs
17-306, Mitch Brumfield, St. Paul’s, 4 TDs
21-304, Glenn Irons, Karr, 5 TDs
15-303, Keyan Williams, Lusher, 6 TDs
24-301, Daijon Landry, Wright, 1 TD
13-298,Tyson Blanks, Covington, TD
14-298, KJ Hopkins, Northshore, 4 TDs
11-293, Kalvin Benard, John McDonogh, 3 TDs
21-292, Omeiza Otori, Ridgewood, 1 TD
13-289, Isaiah Jones, Crescent City, 3 TDs
15-286, J‘Shawn Washington, Ehret, 3 TDs
19-284, Jeriah Tolbert, Karr, 4 TDs
10-279, Justin Harrell, Newman, 9 TDs
11-279, Kirk Merritt, Destrehan, 5 TDs
15-277, Stanley Morgan, St. Augustine, 4 TDs
15-272, Marcus Gaines, St. Paul’s, 4 TDs
12-271, Lorenzo Cryer, Riverdale, 5 TDs
16-268, Parker Orgeron, Mandeville, 3 TDs
19-267, Kendrick Day, Carver, 3 TDs
18-267, Kendrick Day, Carver, 3 TDs
17-258, Deshawn Capers-Smith, Easton, 2 TDs
29-259, Jason Brooks, Hannan, 2 TDs
SCORING
98, Terren Encalade, Belle Chasse, 16 TDs, 2 PAT
72, Kendall Bussey, Newman, 12 TDs
66, Ronald Green, East Jefferson, 11 TDs
64, Darrel Williams, Ehret, 10 TDs 2-2 PATs
60, Montel Williams, Slidell, 10 TDs
60, Taylor Mussachia, Northlake Christian, 10 TDs
60, Devan Penton, Pearl River, 10 TDs
59, Justin Harrell, Newman, 9 TDs 10 PATs
56, Jeremy Jackson, West St. John 9 TDs, 1 2 PAT
54, Eugene Wells, East Jefferson, 9 TDs
54, Justin Harrell, Newman, 9 TDs
54, Marcus Gaines, St. Paul's, 9 TDs
54, Derrick Dillon, Pine, 9 TDs
54, Erron Lewis, St. Charles Catholic, 9 TDs
50, Leonard Fournette, St. Augustine, 8 TDs,
19-237, Christian Campbell, Ponchatoula, 2 TDs vs. Jesuit, Sept. 6
14-224, Theron Williams, Ehret, 2 TDs vs. Fontainbleau, Sept. 20
20-186, Theron Williams, Ehret, 2 TDs, vs. St. Amant, Oct. 4
23-180, Michael Froeba, Hannan, vs. Pine, Sept. 27ainbleau, Sept.
20-156, Nigel Anderson, East St. John, 1 TD vs. South Lafourche, Sept. 27
24-155, Connor Lambert, Chalmette, 2 TDs vs. Belle Chasse, Oct. 4
15-153, Eugene Wells, East Jefferson, 4 TDs vs. St. Charles, Sept 13
282, Ryan O’Krepki, St. Paul’s, 23-31-1, 2 TDs vs. Jesuit, Sept.
272, Dylan Fields, Lakeshore, 17-35-0, 1 TD vs. Chalmette, Sept. 27-163, Kelejawan Leflore, Easton, TD vs. Woodlawn – B.R.. Sept. 27
6-159, Clarence Sims, Slidell, 2 TDs vs. Covington, Oct. 4
9-112, Herb McGee, Riverside, TD, vs. Evangel, Sept. 6
Scoring
24, Hardell Mack, Riverside, 4 TDs vs Cohen, OctLegendary surfer Michael Peterson, commonly known as MP, passed away today in his home in Australia. He was 59. According to a report in The Australian, Michael’s death was allegedly caused by a heart attack.
Growing up along the Gold Coast, Peterson was a consistent standout at Kirra. In 1971, he acquired early fame when he appeared in the film Morning of the Earth. The following year, he landed a legendary cover of Tracks magazine and set his career ablaze. Peterson became one of the most highly regarded surfers of his generation, helping to usher in the shortboard revolution, taking multiple wins, and cementing his legacy as one of the country’s premier surfers. In 1977, Peterson, displaying his phenomenal tuberiding skills, took a win at the Stubbies Pro at Burleigh, a contest now regarded as the first ever World Tour event.
Although he was supremely talented in the water, Peterson’s life was not without hardship. A diagnosed schizophrenic, Peterson’s struggles included addiction and a 15-car police chase that resulted in Peterson doing time in prison.
When he was released from prison, Peterson became reclusive and chose to live his life outside of the limelight.
Despite his tribulations, there’s no denying that Peterson was an integral figure in surfing’s history. He will be missed.
Click here to read Michael Peterson’s profile in The 50 Greatest SURFER’s of All Time from the August 2009 issue of SURFER. MP finished 16th on the list. The author, Sean Doherty, was also MP’s biographer.Audi revealed its new RS5 based DTM racer, which looks pretty much like last year's car except for the hugely revised aero package. The RS5 DTM is powered by a 4.0-liter V8 producing 500 Hp. The car will make its race track debut on April 26th at the DTM testing sessions. This year's list of destinations for the Championship in addition to Germany include Austria, Great Britain, Netherlands and Russia.
This year, Audi will have to face last year's new comer BMW, who in their first attempt after 18 years of absense, took the championship from Audi and Mercedes...
Scarlets continue the charge as Ronan picks up head injury
Munster 6 Scarlets 13Munster lost for the first time in 16 games at Musgrave Park, but a head injury picked up by Niall Ronan will concern Rob Penney more then the manner of the defeat.
Simon Easterby’s Scarlets continue their charge, thanks to Andy Fenby’s late try in desperate conditions at the Cork venue, but JJ Hanrahan sealed a deserved losing bonus point for the home side with a late penalty.
Ronan was carried off 37 minutes into his latest injury comeback after a collision at ruck time with Scarlets lock Jake Ball, but despite receiving treatment on the field for seven minutes, initial reports suggest his injury was not as serious as first feared.
After the sides shared six points in the opening half, the game was in the balance midway through the second half with Munster camped deep in Scarlets territory. However, a set move off the back of a scrum failed when Luke O’Dea fumbled. And within seconds Munster had conceded the crucial try.
Felix Jones had two chances to gather and clear the danger inside his own 22, but he also couldn’t gather the ball and Fenby dived on the spillage and got the vital downward pressure.
Difficult conversion
The excellent Aled Thomas landed the difficult conversion to clinch the victory, and Munster needed Hanrahan’s late kick into the teeth of the Musgrave gale for Munster to pick up anything.
Ronan’s misfortune meant an earlier than expected introduction for new South African backrow CJ Stander and on the verge of half-time he came within inches of his first try for the Reds, only for the television match official to rule he was held short of the line.
Ian Keatley has earlier kicked Munster into a 3-0 lead in the 23rd minute after a sustained period of pressure from Penney’s side. But up until that time the Scarlets, who have lost only twice in the league this season, had defended very well, and had managed to snuff out any half-chances that Munster had developed.
In the icy, wet conditions the scrum was always going to be a minefield, and with both sides vying for the upperhand the penalties began to flow.
Stephen Archer was impressive early on against veteran prop Phil John, but Scarlets’ only score of the opening half came from an infringement at the scrum. Aled Thomas pinned Munster back on their own line, and after their rolling maul was instantly halted, the home side conceded the penalty after Jacobie Adriaanse carried into contact.
After the sides went in 3-3 at the break, referee Laurent Cardona, in his first Pro12 game, awarded Scarlets another penalty which stemmed from a wheeled scrum, which Thomas converted in the 67th minute, and three minutes later his side sealed the win with Fenby’s sixth try of the season.
Don't have an account? Sign UpThe film is about a New York Congressman on the verge of winning the Senate seat. An ill-timed tabloid scandal (what politicos call "October Surprise") dooms his chances. During his election night party, he meets a mysterious lady in the bathroom, who is hiding out from the police because she crashed a wedding in the same hotel. They strike up a conversation and the Congressman is smitten with her (who wouldn't be? Its Emily Blunt!). He's taken by her honesty. When he returns to the ballroom to give his concession speech, he starts out reading what his speechwriter probably put together. He decides to tell the truth and this candid concession speech becomes a media sensation. His state-wide profile is increased and he's considered a shoo-in for the next time the Senate seat becomes available.
Does this sound familiar? At the 2004 Democratic National Convention, in an unprecedented move, candidate John Kerry was instrumental in getting a state senator from Illinois who was merely the Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate seat to give a keynote address during primetime coverage. This speech made Barack Obama's career. Many Americans had never heard of him before, but his speech knocked it out of the park. He spoke of there not being the red states of America or a blue states of America, but a UNITED States of America. Obama's speech was inspiring, memorable, and just what our country needed. I know for me personally, when I saw the speech live, I felt that I had just seen the face of a future president, whom I was certain would run in 2012 or 2016 and had the best shot at becoming the first African American president.
I had first heard about Barack Obama in the spring or early summer of 2004 in an article on Truthout.org, a news website that I read religiously during the Bush era. The writer, William Pitt, had mentioned that Obama represented the future of America. When I first read the article, I was confused, because I thought he was talking about either Ehud Barak, the Prime Minister of Israel or Osama bin Laden. It was such a strange name. As Obama himself pointed out in his famous speech, his father was from Kenya and his mother was from Kansas, and no where else in the world was it possible that a "skinny kid with a funny name" would have a shot at politics. His is a quintessential American story.
The name "Barack" supposedly means "Blessed by God" in Swahili. He carries the namesake of his father. Even more ironic, his middle name is the unfortunate "Hussein", which to Americans is associated with the brutal dictator Saddam Hussein, though its considered the "Smith" of the Arab world. As the media often pointed out, King Hussein of Jordan was not related to the Butcher of Baghdad.
Anyhow, if you look into Obama's meteoric rise in politics, its hard not to see the blessings in his life. So many of his opponents for political office were done in by their own outrageousness, the most famous being a man named Jack Ryan who had been married to the actress Jeri Ryan of Star Trek's Deep Space Nine, where she played a Borg named Seven of Nine. During the summer of 2004, Ryan's Senate campaign collapsed after the divorce record became public and it was revealed that the reason for the divorce was that Jack had forced Jeri to go to sex clubs in Paris and when she cried about his wanting her to perform oral sex on him in front of other people at the club, his response was: "It's not a turn-on when you cry."
After that, Ryan was out and the desperate Republican Party in Illinois recruited a carpet bagger named Alan Keyes, who lived in Maryland, to run against Obama for the U.S. Senate seat. Never mind that Keyes had heavily criticized Hillary Clinton's run for the Senate seat in New York as "carpetbagging." Keyes is not taken seriously by anyone except the most rabid right, so there was no chance that he could beat the charismatic Obama. Opponents who go up against Obama (even Democratic candidates in the primary) have a tendency to implode. We saw this in the 2008 election cycle, when he fought Hillary Clinton in state battle after state battle for the Democratic nomination. During the primaries, the Iraq War was the issue, which hurt Hillary's chances because she had voted for Bush's War resolution in 2002 and refused to say that the vote was wrong. Since Obama was not in the Senate at the time, he was able to run as the anti-war candidate since he had voted against the war resolution in the state legislature of Illinois.
After he won the nomination, the American economy collapsed, which made John McCain look clueless because he had said mere days before the collapse that "the fundamentals of the economy are strong." I've read an article a few years back that mentioned Obama's stroke of luck. Had the economy tanked during the primaries, Hillary Clinton would have likely won because Democratic voters would have viewed her as more credible or experienced regarding the economy (due in large part to her husband's excellent handling of the American economy during his tenure). Also, had the Iraq War flared up during the summer (after Obama clinched the nomination), this would have hurt Obama's chances against the veteran McCain.
Many people are wondering just where this man came from. He appeared on the scene in such a short time and was basically able to "cakewalk" to the White House and making history. How many presidents before Obama have had it that easy? Well, George W. Bush also glided his way into the White House after a mere 6 years of being governor in a state that has a Constitutionally mandated weak governor. But Obama came out of nowhere and had the fortunate luck to have hapless opponents prone to self-destructive ways or damaging voting records.
Obama's blessed life has all the markings of the Adjustment Bureau. In the film, members of the Bureau reveal that each person is fated to live life on a certain track. Anytime someone strays off track, its up to the bureau team to get the person back on track. This could come about by simple little "accidents" or delaying tactics (the next time you're stuck in a traffic jam, perhaps it was meant to be so you wouldn't get into an accident down the road). I can see how destiny might have played such a role in Obama's life to make him the right leader for our time. Think about it. Bush had so destroyed "Brand America" that hundreds of millions of people around the world absolutely hated that man and our policies. As I had heard Civil Rights icon Andrew Young explain it a few years ago, God had a brilliant plan for Obama. First, he had to put into place an incompetent president who would do such a terrible job that no one wanted to clean up his mess and the country would so want a huge change that they were willing to vote for the first black president. To do this, God would have to inspire a poor but ambitious young man in Kenya to seek a scholarship to study in America. And God would have to inspire the admittance board at the University of Hawaii to offer such a scholarship to this foreign student. Then, God would have to put Barack Obama, Sr. and Stanley Ann together so that they can fall in love and get married. Then Obama, Sr. would move on to bigger things, leaving Obama, Jr. to be raised by the white half of his family.
God would also get Obama's mother to fall in love with an Indonesian man and move her son to the world's most populous Muslim country. As Andrew Young explained, Obama is definitely the right president for this time because so many people around the world want to claim him: his Kenyan family and the entire nation as a whole, the entire continent of Africa, the people of Indonesia and the Muslims who like his name and background. This is all good for restoring "Brand America." An article I had read a few months ago about the reasons for the uprising in Egypt mentioned Obama's speech on religion in Cairo, which inspired people in the Middle East that this was a new kind of president. Apparently, the young people of Egypt began to wonder why Americans got to vote for a new president every four years while they were stuck under the same brutal regime all their lives.
What many Americans seem incapable of realizing is that the fact that we elected a member of the minority race as our president is exactly the kind of "only in America" sense of awe that foreigners love about our country. Obama represented a huge change and many people were inspired by his positive campaign and vision. So yes, I do think that Obama was destined to be president. That no Republicans so far have been willing to throw their hat into the presidential ring for 2012 even as they continue to make the most outrageous allegations against him to appeal to the rabid right that forms the base of the Republican Party is just one more sign of Obama being "blessed" or "favoured" by "the gods" (or God).
I believe another politician also has the blessings of fate. That would be:
There are a few key scenes in The Adjustment Bureau where the team members explain to the character (and indirectly to the audience) just why its important for him to follow the script life has for him. As we've seen in our politics, though, some politicians that seem destined for greater things (i.e. President) end up committing incredibly self-destructive acts (Governor Mark Sanford of South Carolina, Governor George Allen of Virginia, Senator John Edwards, Senator John Ensign, and Governor Eliot Spitzer of New York have all been predicted to be potential presidential material until each of them committed fatal errors, most involving another woman and one because of an ethnic slur caught on camera). I sincerely hope that President Barack Obama and Senator Scott Brown will stay true to their inner calling and allow the Adjustment Bureau to guide them through their destiny. The world needs authentic leaders to serve humanity and the evolution of human civilization.
4 comments:
Just a little correction for you. Jeri Ryan was Seven of Nine but it was Star Trek Voyager; not Deep Space Nine.
You got me. A "Trekkie", I'm not!
The difference between the real adjustment bureau and the movie is that nobody is handing over the power hat to help.
Obama and scott are both "tools" as matt damons character put.
I find it incredible how religion, politics and such have a grasp on people so much that it blinds them from the truth.
The truth is what Thompson told him about not intervening in the early 1900s. Man is self destructive but there was always been hidden hands guiding us. These hands are secret societies.
The bilderburg meetings are one such version of this.
I believe obama was manufactured since birth and was groomed for the presidency. this isn't exclusive to him I believe this has been the status quo for a long time.
Wars are created for control of land and proliferation of money.
Pearl harbor and 911 were both products of the U.S.A. adjustment bureau. Its called the CIA.
Thanks for posting. I generally don't get involved in global conspiracy theories. Though I do believe that we did not get the true story about 9/11, I think there is little that we can do about it anyway.
I prefer to pursue a spiritual-based life and focus on fostering a spiritual culture to emerge on earth. Whatever the wealthy do, though, we have little power to change unless we completely change our consumption habits, which most people don't or won't do.
I've heard much talk about the Bilderberg group and the Trilateral Commission, but I don't know any details. Honestly, they don't interest me much. I think people who spend a lot of time being obsessed with global conspiracies are wasting time that could be better spent on self improvement and accomplishing our individual goals. I guess I care more about learning what my "destiny" is than I am about some shady, vague, global conspiracy group that is out to control the world. I guess Jesus had it right when he said "render to Caesar what is Caesar's and to God the things that are God's." The idea is not just taxes, but also on where we need to focus our lives. The government will do whatever it does, and while we should strive to elect the best people possible, its not becoming of our individual spiritual development to obsess over issues that we can't really control.November 21, 2010 in Outdoors
Self-amputation scene cuts to the bone of Ralston’s will to live
Aron Ralston has watched his arm cut off dozens of times.
It’s the most controversial scene of the new film “127 Hours,” a fictional account based on Ralston’s 2003 solo canyoneering trip gone wrong in southern Utah’s narrow Bluejohn Canyon.
What had been the most intimate of experiences, which Ralston recounted in his 2004 memoir, “Between a Rock and a Hard Place,” will be seen, and judged, by millions of filmgoers.
The movie premiered Nov. 3 and is scheduled to reach Spokane this week.
“The initial intensity comes back in so many vivid ways every time I go back (to the canyon) or see the film,” said Ralston, who lives in Colorado and has returned 10 times to the Utah slot canyon where he left his right arm, half of those trips while helping with the film.
At early screenings, some filmgoers reported feeling light-headed while others have left the theater during the scene when actor James Franco, who plays Ralston, saws off his pinned appendage with a dull multitool.
Most Westerners will remember Ralston’s story: What began as a casual solo adventure on April 26, 2003, left the then-27-year-old man stuck in the slot canyon just outside Canyonlands National Park. After an 800-pound boulder pinned his arm against a sandstone wall, Ralston was trapped for what stretched to 5½ days.
“There was the euphoric feeling of being free and getting my life back again,” Ralston said last week. “Because of what happened, I understand what life is.”
What’s compelling, he believes, isn’t the actual self-amputation, but the motivation to do so, and the deep reach of his desire to live.
“I’m hopeful that people will see something inside of themselves, as well,” said Ralston, who doesn’t believe words such as “courageous” or “heroic” apply to him.
“I was in an extraordinary circumstance and it fundamentally came down to wanting to live and get back to my family. It is about survival, love and freedom – and those things are common in all of us.”
Most of the drama of Ralston’s experience could have been avoided. A simple note to one person about where he was headed on that spring day and when he’d return might have sufficed. Traveling with at least one other person may not have saved his arm, but it could have prevented 5½ days of waiting to die.
“There are a whole variety of reasons to go solo,” Ralston said, noting the freedom it allows. “You find a greater connection with the wilderness, as opposed to connecting with a companion in the wilderness. I am grateful for companionship in the wild, especially now, but I also still feel a need to prove to myself that I am capable and self-reliant.”
That he survived the amputation of his right arm is more amazing considering the mental trickery involved along with dehydration and delirium he suffered from a lack of water, food and sleep.
Being a mechanical engineer may have helped Ralston with the intricate process of deciding on the most efficient way to cut off his own arm. How many people, in a similarly desperate state, would realize they had to break both bones in their lower arm before starting the procedure?
Ralston had snapped photos during his ordeal and paused to take a picture of the rock walls where he had inscribed what he thought would be his death date, then escaped Bluejohn Canyon by leaving his arm behind.
His next challenge, as a rookie amputee, was wedging down the rest of the slot canyon and surviving a 150-foot rappel. That tricky maneuver completed, Ralston embarked on the 8-mile journey into Canyonlands National Park where his truck was parked.
Two miles into the hike, shortly after passing the Great Galley pictograph panel, he ran into a tourist family from Holland. They offered him water and two Oreo cookies — apologizing for having eaten most of their stash of cookies.
Ralston was relieved for the nourishment and company, but feared he was too weak to survive the rest of the hike.
Rescuers eventually got word and rescued him with a helicopter.
When medics took over and Ralston finally dropped into a drug-induced sleep, Canyonlands National Park Ranger Steve Swanke made his favorite kind of call during search-and-rescue assignments — to Donna Ralston.
“I have good news and bad news,” Swanke told Ralston’s mother. “He is alive, but he’s missing an arm.”
News of the story spread across the planet. People talked about whether they could do the same thing. The park was besieged with calls. The Internet buzzed with postings from people who considered heading to Bluejohn, retrieving Ralston’s right arm, and then putting it up for auction on eBay.
Such discussions prompted National Park Service officials to recover the appendage.
Ralston’s arm was delivered to a mortuary in Moab, where it was cremated and the remains sent to their owner. Six months later, “Dateline NBC” brought Ralston back to the canyon for a news story. When the filming was complete, Ralston spent time alone.
After scattering the ashes of his arm in Bluejohn Canyon, he set about removing the inscription he had carved when he was near death: “RIP OCT 75 ARON APR 03.”
Ralston makes a living nowadays largely from giving motivational talks. He said he holds no grudges against his beloved wilderness. Rather, he has a greater desire to protect wildlands, particularly those in southern Utah he considers threatened.
While working with “127 Hours” producers, he retraced his steps in the canyon. Surrounded by redrocks, he greeted the canyon walls, his old, intimate yet disinterested acquaintance, as though it were a distant cousin or high-school chum.
On his digital camera’s viewing screen, he pulled up a photo that represented his born-again life: a picture of Leo, his 9-month-old son.
“I showed it to the rock,” Ralston said. “I said, ‘Look who is here now.’ ”South Australian Jockey Club Inc ('SAJC') Privacy Policy
1. Protection of Privacy
Your privacy is important to the SAJC. This Policy has been developed for you to understand how the SAJC collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of your personal information. The SAJC will collect and use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
The personal information is information that identifies you or could identify you. The SAJC is required to comply with Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) including the Australian Privacy Principles.
2. Collection of Personal Information
2.1 General Collection
The SAJC collects personal information directly from your use of the SAJC’s Website, on-line bookings, subscribing to the SAJC’s newsletter and other registrations made by you to receive information from the SAJC including by email. The personal information which the SAJC collects and holds includes:
2.1.1 Your name, address, gender, email, occupation and other contact details.
2.1.2 Credit card details.
2.1.3 Information about your dealings with the SAJC including membership history, subscriptions, and event attendances.
2.1.4 Your IP address.
2.1.5 Information derived from the use of cookies.
2.1.6 Details of items ordered or purchased from the SAJC.
By providing personal information to the SAJC you consent to that information being collected, used, disclosed and stored in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
2.2 Cookies
The SAJC may use "cookies" on its website(s). A cookie is a small text file that the SAJC may place on your computer. Usually, cookies are used as a means for our websites to remember your preferences and are thus designed to improve your experience on the SAJC’s website(s).(s) or linked sites then you may not be able to gain access to all of the content and facilities on our website(s).
2.3 Website Analytics
When you visit and browse the SAJC’s website(s), the website host and some third party service providers may collect information for statistical, reporting and maintenance purposes.
Subject to the terms of this privacy policy, this information is used to administer and improve the performance of the SAJC’s.
The SAJC use website analytic services to help analyse how you use the SAJC’s website(s) (Website Analytics). Website Analytics generate statistical and other information about website use by means including but not limited to cookies which are stored on users' computers. The information generated is used to create reports about the use of the SAJC’s website(s). The SAJC’s third party providers of these services may store this information. The SAJC will not (and will not allow any third party to) use Website Analytics to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to its website(s). The SAJC will not associate any data gathered from the website with any personally identifying information from any source as part of the SAJC’s use of Website Analytics.
The SAJC treat personal information that may be obtained through cookies and any other information supplied to us (for example if you send us an email) in accordance with this privacy policy.
3. Information from Third Parties
The SAJC may also collect personal information that is given to it by a third party in the course of its business. This information forms part of the personal information described in this Policy. The SAJC will not intentionally solicit personal information that has been unintentionally disclosed.
4. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
The SAJC collects, holds, uses and discloses personal information for purposes including, without limitation, to:
4.1 Verify your identity.
4.2 Provide products and services to you to manage and account for products and services and to improve products and services.
4.3 To manage the SAJC’s relationship with you including your membership of the SAJC.
4.4 Provide you with information about events, products and services that may interest you.
4.5 Facilitate internal business operations of the SAJC.
4.6 Promote and market the SAJC’s events, products and services including by distributing newsletters, publications and other communications by various mediums.
4.7 Administer and manage the SAJC’s website and provide you with access to that website.
The SAJC may also disclose personal information where it is otherwise permitted to do so by law. The SAJC may also notify you of other purposes for which your personal information will be used at the time at which the SAJC collects your personal information.
You consent to the SAJC using your personal information for any of the matters detailed above or any other matter notified to you at the time at which personal information is collected. You also consent to the SAJC contacting you with such information by means of post, email, SMS and telephone. The SAJC
The SAJC will take reasonable steps to protect all personal information within its direct control from misuse, interference, loss or unauthorised access, modification or disclosure. The SAJC will take reasonable steps to hold information securely and an electronic or physical form in accessed controlled premises or in data base as requiring pass words.
The SAJC will store personal information on data servers controlled by the SAJC and which are located within Australia. In addition the SAJC may also store personal information in a physical form either in its secure offices or secure archive facilities within Australia.
6. Accuracy of Personal Information
The SAJC takes all reasonable precautions to ensure that the personal information that it collects, holds, uses and discloses is accurate complete and up-to-date. However, the SAJC relies on the accuracy of personal information provided to it both directly and indirectly. Please contact the SAJC at enquiries@sajc.com.au if any of your personal information held by the SAJC is inaccurate.
7. Contacting the SAJC
You may:
7.1 Request access to and seek the correction of your personal information held by the SAJC at any time;
7.2 Make a complaint in relation to a breach of privacy;
7.3 Submit a query or concern about this Privacy Policy;
by contacting the SAJC at enquiries@sajc
The SAJC may determine, in its discretion, to update this Policy from time to time. If the SAJC varies this Policy it will provide the revised policy on its website.
Social with SAJC
Want more buzz? Check out our social hubSt. Louis (KSDK) - Few meals are more traditional than the one we make for Thanksgiving Day.
While you may slave over the same turkey and side dishes year after year, maybe it's time for a break with tradition.
Chef Scott Drake from Schnucks joined us on First @ 4 with some suggestions about how to get the most enjoyment out of the day, and still make a few of the dishes you love.
Click on the video player above watch.
KSDK>>IMAGE.
The best thing I've seen is a daily habit of paying attention to ____ (fill in the blank with whatever behavior you want to reinforce). For example, maybe you want to reinforce the behavior of completing all assigned work orders and making sure there's a work order for all break-in work.
The first "elf on the shelf" would be cruising the work areas to check in with craft during the day. Then, at the end of the day, every day, asking which scheduled work orders have been completed and reviewing work orders written to cover unscheduled work, with the expectation that the un-pencil-whipped total will be in the vicinity of 7 hours. Knowing the conversation is coming is an "elf-on-the-shoulder," all day long.UNITED NATIONS, N. Y (Feb. 5)
The United Nations Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities adopted today a resolution requesting that a UN study be conducted on “discrimination in the matter of the right of everyone to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country. The final version of the resolution represents a departure from the original text in that it omits all mention of the term “emigration. “
Another resolution adopted provides for further studies by the subcommission in the field of discrimination and protection of national minorities. It requests the UN Secretary General to submit to the Subcommission a list of rights set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights which could usefully be studied from the point of view of prevention of discrimination, with a view to assisting the Subcommission to select those rights which, subject to the approval of the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council, would form the subject of its future work program.”
The Subcommission will meet Friday on the question of “protection of minorities” as well as on “measures to be taken for the cessation of any advocacy of national, racial or religious hostility that constitutes an incitement to hatred and violence, jointly or separately. “Is there anything better than BBQing, tossing back some sodas, and sessioning with your bros? The answer is no, there’s not. And to punctuate our belief in this tenant of shredding, we are pleased to showcase the the first episode of L1′s Merica Tour Video. In this edit, the L1 team set up at the Rail Gardens in Salt Lake City and went to work. Justin Keniston, Jon Kooley, Knut Eliassen, Jeffrey Richards, Shane Wright, Justin Bennee, Sam Taxwood, and Brandon Hammid shut it down with three minutes of hammer clips. We can’t wait to see the next place this crew goes because this is one team with a heck of a lot of depth to it.Places in New Orleans
- Restaurants
- Attractions
- Museums
- Art Galleries
- Shopping
- Bars & Pubs
- Nightclubs
- Health & Beauty
- Entertainment
- Cafés, Jazz Fest were celebrated within months of the deluge. Backyard crawfish boils and second line parades resumed as restaurants and clubs reopened. For New Orleanians, the whole point of being here is to enjoy life. And they invite you to join them.
Harrah's Casino
Harrah's Casino
Las Vegas casino in New Orleans
Close to the riverfront is the massive Harrah’s Casino, which stretches from Canal Street down South Peters Street. It’s the only land-based casino in the state, a fact which might seem surprising considering that New Orleans' past is full of prodigious gamblers, including Bernard Marigny, who introduced craps to the New World.
The establishment of Harrah’s left a long, colorful trail of irregular legislative behavior and deal-making, a couple of bankruptcies and a few people thrown in jail. Somehow, though, Harrah’s managed to make the deal work, and now it’s open 24/7, with a plush gaming arena worthy of Vegas.
If you’re unable to peel yourself away from Harrah’s Casino tables, at least drop by the central court to play slots under the gigantic fake oak tree and the canopy of fibre-optic stars. Casino has reopened, all pre-Katrina services, amenities, etc. restored.
228 Poydras Street , New Orleans
- Phone
- 504.533.6000
- Website
-
- Hours
- Open daily, 24 hours
review
THE GOOD
Fun game. The graphics had a sense of style to them. They looked neat. The coding was done nicely with alot of little features that made it a better game all around. The animation was good. The music didn't get old and wasn't to annoying.
THE BAD
Well I didn't like how the menus in the top left took so long to appear and the come to a complete stop. They are hard to read when they are still moving. You should have polished up the graphics a bit more.
the menues were an early edition that i didnt feel needed a lot of perfecting, but im sorry that it was a problem for you. the graphics, myself, i will have to disagree with you on. i think the style was an escape from the regular "download strawberry clock's FLA from clockcrew.cc". df actually animated SBC himself without conforming to the normal clockcrew standards.
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
great game
-GOOD-
the graphics were great in this flash, i loved how you put the white border around everything it looksed cool. the idea of this game was good also. i loved the music you picked, simple but great. there was interactvity and humor.
-BAD-
well this game is to simple i think it needs some more puzzles and stuff. it basicly tells you what to do like "didn't bannana clock have a slingshot" or "mabye if i thorw a rock at it" let people try and figure out themselfs.
well, i dont want to lie to you: we made this game to win a competition. and people rate games very poorly when they cant beat a game (a sad fact, but i havent yet written a walkthru, and i dont feel like people hating the game because they are stuck). so, by giving hints to suggest where to look to complete quests, i avoid 800 complaints about "im stuck at such-and-such place".
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Very well done.
This flash was just amazing. The graphics were insane! They were very well done, I especially liked hte backgrounds. They were very detailed. Also the variety of the clocks you used was great as well. Great style to this flash. Probably the best RPG I have played here on Newgrounds. The sound was great. I really enjoyed the music, it fit very well. You should have used some voice acting though. Also some more violence next time as well. This game was very interactive. I had a lot of fun playing this. I also loved the concept and the length of this game. Over all this flash is amazing! The graphic, style, and interactivity were perfect! The music was great as well. Next time add some more violence in it. Great job making this game guys, keep up the awesome work! I hope you guys make another RPG on Newgrounds very soon.
thats actually the plan. this engine will be improved upon to do our real RPG we are planning
Rated 3.5 / 5 stars
good game but...
It was very easy. I know you did it in 3 days and I congratulate you, but you could do something better when you enter the castle instead of having to head pieclock talking about the power and wade laugthing for ghosts
k
Rated 4 / 5 stars
nice game but...
i grabbed the guard suit before i got the rocks and now i cant get any farther... can you fix that?
you have to select the outfit in your inventory to wear it.Note: To protect the privacy of our members, e-mail addresses have been removed from the archived messages. As a result, some links may be broken.
-----Original Message-----
From: owner-artsednet.edu
[owner-artsednet.edu] On Behalf Of Bunki Kramer
Sent: Saturday, June 26, 1999 9:54 PM
To: artsednet.edu
Subject: elem. literature & art combo....l
************
Gosh, I wish I could remember author or title but since I'm not an elem.
art teacher, I put it down after thumbin' through it. As I'm want to do, I
generally go to Barnes & Noble occasionally to sit in the overstuff chairs
and spend my afternoon/evening going through their children's and gen. art
books to buy or ideas. I remember this book only because it was so neat how
it was packaged. It offered suggestions of popular young children's
literature and then gave a couple of art projects for each. The projects
were tied in with the characters' interactions. If I were teaching elem., I
would have grabbed it an a NY minute. As I'm on Pacific time, I react
slower...ha. Next time I'll try to think of the listserv when I spot
something great...(I'm still trying to "remember" my 10% teacher's
discount).
Toodles.....
Bunki Kramer - Los Cerros Middle School
968 Blemer Rd., Danville, California 94526
bkramer.ca.us...(sch)925-552-5620School Trek - Mount Kenya & the Samburu
Kenya, School Expeditions, 14 days - from £2,395 (land only) - from €3,355 (land only) - from $3,860 (land only)
The following items can be hired from KE. Please select your required items during the booking process or through your My KE account once you have booked.
Book HolidayOther Commercial Services
Online Banking
Every business owner needs more time… we can help give it to you, thanks to free commercial online banking. View account information, transfer money, and verify deposits, all when it’s convenient for you! Make payments day or night with free Online Business Bill Pay. It’s secure, smart, and so easy!
Sweeps
Make the most of your cash by moving money to where it can work best for you. Sweep extra cash into a money market for higher earnings or to your line of credit to pay down the balance. Or, sweep money into your checking account from a line of credit for added cash flow.
Remote Item Capture
When you have deposits to make, but no time to make them, use Remote Item Capture. Scan checks and deposit them into your account electronically right from your desk, anytime it’s convenient for you!
Lock Box
Increase cash flow and reduce time spent handling customer payments by directing them to a lock box. We retrieve the payments, process them and credit them to your account the same day.
For Questions Regarding Commercial Lending or Deposit Services
For Questions Regarding Commercial Online Banking and Bill PayFive things we learned from Susie Bubble at McQ
Last week, the brand's Dover Street store hosted the blogger-turned-fashion powerhouse in conversation with Dazed's news editor – here's what we found out
><<
Dr. Jane A. Angel, MD755 N 11th St Ste P4200
Beaumont, TX 77702 (1.7 miles away)
Dr. Maxie C. Sprott II, MD2627 Calder St Ste A
Beaumont, TX 77702 (1.6 miles away)
Dr. Sophia L. Burns, MD740 Hospital Dr Ste 250
Beaumont, TX 77701 (1.6 miles away)
Dr. Munnaver Sultana, MD2955 Harrison St Ste 301
Beaumont, TX 77702 (1.9 miles away)
Dr. Teresa N. Hill, MD3030 North St Ste 300
Beaumont, TX 77702 (2.0 miles away) – More Locations
Dr. Joanne Holder, MD810 Hospital Dr Ste 300
Beaumont, TX 77701 (1.7 miles away)
Dr. Marquita D. Anderson, MD2965 Harrison St Ste 313
Beaumont, TX 77702 (1.9 miles away) – More Locations
* Please verify when scheduling an appointment. If you are this provider and would like to conﬁrm what you practice, please update your free profile.familymealblog.com
{recipe} Michael Ruhlman's Citrus Cured Salmon
Home Cured Bacon
Pear-Brined Tea-Smoked Duck Breasts with cranberry compote, Okinawan Sweet Potatoes and Pea Shoots.
islandvittles.com
Come see how I`ve used my salt preserved lemons, limes and tangerines!
when times are tough, use every part of the vegetable, from frond to root - salt cured pork belly with leeksA day after receiving a new, five-year contract, D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier is denouncing a news report that she doesn't live in the District, calling it a "really cheap shot."
She also disputed the same Washington Times story that says her police sergeant boyfriend benefits from extra overtime pay.
Lanier took several questions Thursday on her monthly appearance on WTOP radio, but she became most animated when she was asked about the front-page story in the Times that said her boyfriend earned $34,000 in overtime, suggesting it might be favoritism in the special operations division.
"First, I think it's a really cheap shot on my personal life," she said. “All the benefits that every member of the department gets are codified in law, and they all get the same benefits. They can’t be manipulated. So to suggest that I manipulated a particular sergeant’s benefits is just absolutely absurd.”
The article also suggested that the chief, who owns a home in northeast Washington, actually lives with her boyfriend in a Maryland house they own together. By law she must live in the District.
“We don't live together,” she said.
She admitted to owning a home in Maryland, though.
“In fact, when I refinanced I had to pay extra fees because it’s not listed as my primary residence,” Lanier said.
Lanier was appointed chief in 2007 and said she has lived in D.C. since then. She told News4 after the program that there's another indication she's a District citizen: She pays income taxes to the District of Columbia.
“Lots of them,” she said.
Lanier said she's on call 24 hours a day, so it makes sense to live in the District even if it wasn’t required.We’re sorry. The information you have requested is temporarily unavailable.
B&I Dash Kits - WD695A-DP2M
Full Deluxe Kit
- This product is not available for your
- View all products for your
- Change Vehicle
- $27.95 - $727.95
- Free Shipping
- Ships Between 6/03 - 6/05
- What Do You Drive?
Options
- Color:Matted Mahogany
- Part #:WD695A-DP2M
- 46 piece kit (click image at left to view pieces)
- Detailed Image (PDF)
Popular Searches
- 2011 sorento dash covr
- b and i wood trim reviews
- honey burl dash kit
- sherwood dash trim
- ford truck dashboard covers
- lexus wooden trim
- custom carbon fiber kit
- custom dash trim for kia sorento
- carbon fiber for toyota tundra
- wood dash kits nissan pathfinder
- truck hitch bike racks
- auto brush guard
- floor mats for a carSo You Think You Can Dance 2012 Summer Premiere Date
Hosted by Cat Deeley (sixth from L) with resident judges Nigel Lythgoe (C) and Mary Murphy (third from L), as well as guest judges Tyce Diorio (L), Robin Antin (second from L) Lil' C (fifth from L), Toni Redpath (seventh from L) and Jason Gilkison (R) return in America's No. 1 summer series, 'So You Think You Can Dance' - Photo©2011 Fox Broadcasting Co. Cr: Patrick Ecclesine/FOX
So You Think You Can Dance is changing things up this season, with Fox announcing the ninth season of the popular dance show will only air once a week beginning May 24th. The two-hour premiere will air at 8pm ET/PT on Thursday, moving into its regular slot the following week on Wednesday at 8pm.
Judges Nigel Lythgoe and Mary Murphy are back, with Adam Shankman, Debbie Allen, Tyce Diorio, Lil’ C, Stacey Tookey and Jesse Tyler Ferguson sitting in during the audition process. SYTYCD hit New York, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Dallas and Salt Lake City during this season’s search for America’s favorite dancer, with host Cat Deeley back putting would-be contestants at ease.
Each episode will be two-hours of jam-packed dancing, however FOX didn’t explain in detail how the weekly eliminations will be handled.
Source: FOX- , 2008
'Four Christmases' Tops Thanksgiving Box Office
12 Days of Christmas' Items Would Cost $86,609
Akon Goes Global With New Album
Boyle's 'Slumdog' Tops BIFAs
Bombs Kill More Than 30 in Baghdad, Mosul
Bloomberg Urges Full Prosecution of Burress
Bodies Removed From Mumbai Hotel
Denton man killed in wreck
Estranged Relative Arrested in Hudson Killings
Family: Slain Anchorwoman Was Sexually Assaulted
Gov't Rejected Tougher Mortgage Rules in 2005
Holiday Shopping Season Off to a Modest Start
Highway traffic shifted near DCCC
From staff reports
It's Official: U.S. Is in Recession
India Clears Bodies From Last Mumbai Siege Site
Local band educator elected to state leadership position
By DENEESHA EDWARDS The Dispatch
McClure elected commissioners' chairman
By SETH STRATTON The Dispatch
North Korea Releases New Kim Jong Il Photos
New owner plans renovations of Hilltop Terrace apartments
By SETH STRATTON The Dispatch
New Hope for 'Gulf War Illnesses'
Obama Choses Clinton to Lead State Dept.
Police: Crowd at Wal-Mart 'recipe for Disaster'
Paulson: Other Rescue Programs Being Examined
Planes, Passengers Finally Leaving Thailand
Raw Video: Shuttle Endeavour Lands in Calif.
Raw Video: Shooting at Miami-Area Mall
Raw Video: Burress Turns Himself in to Police
Sneak Peek: Wayans Brothers' 'Dance Flick''
Stocks Drop Nearly 700 on Recession Confirmation
ShowBiz Minute: A-Rod, Four Christmases, Slumdog
Thomasville shooting victim dies; man arrested in Durham
From staff reports
Thomasville woman wins $10,000 in lotteryProf.
The Nazis inaugurated a new Olympic ritual at the opening ceremony. A lone runner arrived bearing a torch carried by relay from the site of the ancient Games in Olympia, Greece. This Nazi innovation has been followed ever since.- American anti- Sem×100 metres relay..
Professor Frank McDonough is responsible for organising LJMU’s National Identity Lecture Series.
For more information, please contact f.x.mcdonough@ljmu.ac.ukSpoof news snippets from November 2013
There were 1,366 spoof news snippets published in November 2013. A selection of the best rated snippets is shown here. You can use the calendar on the right hand side to get all the news snippets from a day in this month..
_18<<
Rush Limbaugh Loves The Amish People
Rush Limbaugh has just said that he loves the CD, A Collection of Amish Dance Tunes so much that he will be giving a copy to everyone on his Christmas list.
From The Mouths of Babes (Honey Boo Boo)
Honey Boo Boo was recently asked which individual she least admires. She grinned and said that it's a tie between Ann "Trigger Face" Coulter and Sarah "Reindeer Ovaries" Palin.
Ozzy Osbourne Knows His Music
Ozzy Osbourne told Yippie-Ki-Yay Magazine that his all-time favorite album is Journey Plays The Hits of Foreigner, Foreigner Plays The Hits of Survivor, and Survivor Plays The Hits of Journey.
The Principal Said The Purse Was Kinda Cute
A 13-year-old boy in Kansas was suspended for taking a Vera Bradley Purse to school. The principal said he was not sent home because of the purse but because of his Kim Kardashian Open-Toed Pumps.
Senator John McCain - The Olé Senator
Arizona Senator John McCain says he is sick and tired of all of the ongoing immigration rhetoric. He suggests to just make Mexico the 51st state and be done with the whole darn problem.
The Mayor of Toronto is Cracking Up
Canadian citizens Celine Dion and Shania Twain both suggest that Toronto's crack-smoking mayor Rob Ford be deported to Detroit.
Justin Bieber's Career Is Heading South
Justin Bieber is concerned that his career could be going downhill as he learns that sales of his latest album Justin Bieber Sings The Songs of Liberace has only managed to sell 37 copies nationwide.
The Rolling Stones Are In Talks With Kanye West
The Rolling Stones want to buy the rights to the album Kanye West's Tribute To The Dust Bowl Days because they plan to produce a film on that sad period in American history.
Taylor Swift And That One Little Grudge
Taylor Swift has a fantastic memory and she knows the lyrics to the songs of every artist except for one. She says that Kanye West is still a low life snake-in-the-grass.
Lady Gaga and Perez Hilton: Two Angry People
The Lady Gaga - Perez Hilton feud has escalated. After all of the tirades, invectives, and insults directed at each other, Lady Gaga has now challenged Perez to a no holds barred wrestling match.
Kate "The Great Mama" Gosselin Makes A Surprise Statement
Kate Gosselin who has 8 children recently commented that she would like to have 4 more to make it an even dozen.
The Government Is Going On A Trans Kick
The U.S. government has announced that it will be focusing on the matter of trans fats. It hints that next on the agenda will be the issue of transgenderism.
Ke$ha Is Thrilled At The Sales of Her Latest Album
Ke$ha's newest album titled Ke$ha Performs The Most Popular Love Songs of World War I has just been named the #1 album in Poland, New Guinea, and Lower Zamgola.
Bandini Borrapelli Is Looking Around For A Civil War Story To Film
Movie director Bandini Borrapelli has stated that when he makes a Civil War motion picture he is going to secure the rights to the fantastic album Accordion Songs From The Civil War.
Ma and Pa Kettle Are Coming Back
The Lions Face Motion Picture Company will be filming a remake of one of the hilarious Ma and Pa Kettle films. They plan to use the music from the album Celine Dion's Favorite Hillbilly Classics.
Hot Diggity Dog
One of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's favorite foods is Chocolate Covered Hot Dogs.
Paula "Giddy Up" Deen
Most people are not aware of the fact that Paula Deen has a Shetland pony that she named Buttah.
Kristen "Still The Smirk" Stewart
Kristen Stewart has said that she does not want anyone to call her "Smirk" Stewart anymore. K-Stew remarked that she has lowered her daily smirks number down from 43 to 31.
NASCAR's Danica Patrick Is Very Upset
After losing a race to her boyfriend, Ricky Stenhouse, Jr., NASCAR cutey Danica Patrick says she is considering retiring from the oval track.
Cher Says She Is Not Judgemental
Since appearing as a guest judge on Dancing With The Stars, Cher says she has been asked to be a guest judge on X-Factor, The Voice, and Judge Judy.
Cheech Marin and His First Hand Smoke
Cheech Marin recently said that if all of the marijuana cigarettes that he smoked were placed end-to-end they would reach from the moon to Willie Nelson's mouth.
Iran - Metaphorically Speaking
Iran is insisting that Israel surrender or else she will be swallowed up like Kirstie Alley devouring a Hostess Twinkie.
The Meanest Comedian In The History of American Television
Don Rickles, known as The Angry Comedian, celebrated his 103rd birthday by spitting on his birthday cake, his nose, his shoes, and his crotch region.
Tommy Lee Jones Should Best Be Ignored
Tommy Lee Jones has been named The Grouchiest Actor of The Decade. Jones has been known to actually bite fans who requested his autograph.
The Ever Mumbling Sylvester Stallone
Sylvester Stallone has admitted that he was cured of his mumbling years ago, but his agent told him to continue the mumbling act because that was his trademark.
The New Antonio Banderas
Antonio Banderas, who is 53, has said that he is changing his name to the anglicized version; Tony Flags.
Gary Busey Mentions His Two Favorite Albums
Gary Busey said George Strait's album George Strait Performs The Songs of Beyonce is his second all-time favorite album. He said his favorite is Four Way Street by Crosby, Stills, Nash, & Young.
Russell Brand Talks About His Ex-Wife (Katy Perry)
Russell Brand was asked if there was anything that he missed about his ex-wife Katy Perry. He grinned like the cat that swallowed the canary and replied, "Yeah mate...her left one and her right one."
Chevy Chase - Persona Non Grata
Due to his extremely bad attitude Chevy Chase says that he can't even find work as Gary Busey's stand in.
Gary Busey Will Need A Special License
Gary Busey has expressed a desire to travel to Mars and drive around the planet in the land rover Curiosity.
Sarah Palin Needs To Stay In Alaska And Cook and Eat Everything She Shoots
Sarah "The Loose Moose" Palin has been asked by President Obama and Vice-President Biden to stay out of the Lower 48 as much as possible because she has become the nation's #1 disruptive element.
Adam Lambert - The Undisputed King of Glitter
Adam Lambert has said that he plans to change his middle name to Glitter.
Wolf Blitzer Gets A Call From PETA
Wolf Blitzer has stated that PETA has asked him to change his first name from Wolf to Wally or Willie, or Wood<<
'People In Glass Houses Shouldn't Throw Stones,' Says Sri Lankan President After Call For Abuses Inquiry
'This is wise advice for all glass house owners,' said a spokesman for the UK glass house builders association, 'even if it does come from someone who should be investigated for human rights abuses.'
J.Lo Rules (That's For Sure)
Jennifer Lopez has stated that since she is 18 years older than her boy toy Casper Smart, she is the one who gets to wear the pants and have all of the say.
Woody "All In The Family" Allen
Woody Allen has revealed in an interview with Barbara Walters that before he married his step-daughter he had planned to marry his grandmother but didn't because she was not that good a cook.
UK Intelligence Chiefs Answer All Questions Posed By The Intelligence And Security Committee
'The fact that they did so before we asked them the questions,' admitted Committee chairman, Sir Malcolm Rifkind, 'is a further matter of concern in relation to covert surveillance.'
Gordon Ramsay Reveals His Favorite Movie For 2013
Chef Gordon Ramsay of the TV show Hell's Kitchen stated that his favorite movie of 2013 was The Saga of The Sadistic Vampire Chef.
Rihanna's Food Analogy
Rihanna explained her addiction to Chris "The Beater" Brown as sort of like Kirstie Alley's addiction to food.
Anne Heche: Taking The Lesbianite Highway Back To The World of Straightness
Anne Heche remarked that living with Ellen "The Control Freak" DeGeneres turned her back to being straight pretty damn quick.
Rosie Perez - The Original Voice
Actress Rosie Perez who has one of the highest shrilled voices in the entertainment business says she's working on lowering her voice. She said she's been taking male hormones and spitting a lot.
The New and Improved Penn & Teller
After Penn & Teller's Raymond Teller threatens to break up the team, Penn Jillette agrees to change the name to Teller & Penn.
Anderson Cooper Has Alec Baldwin All Figured Out
Anderson Cooper told Jay Leno that he thinks that the reason why Alec Baldwin is always angry is because deep down inside he is a fairy and he wants to dance with Dancing With The Stars' Derek Hough
><<
Sochi Olympic Torch Reaches International Space Station
NASA confirms that the cosmonauts' historic space walk with the torch will take place on the side of the station away from the oxygen cylinders.
Cameron Denies Using Economic Blackmail To Influence Scottish Independence Vote
'It is just coincidence,' said David Cameron, 'that contracts for shipbuilding will not be agreed until after the vote, together with plans for new English whiskey distilleries and haggis factories.'
Michelle Obama and Scarlett Johansson Are On The Same Channel
Both Michelle Obama and Scarlett Johansson have said that the album A Collection of Oprah Winfrey's Best Loved Glockenspiel Tunes is one of the finest they've ever heard.
Ted Nugent - The Hunting Musician
Ted Nugent has announced that he will be going into the recording studio to record the album Sarah Palin's All-Time Favorite Hunting Songs.
Lindsay Lohan's Favorite Boozery
Lindsay Lohan recently told Barbara Walters on The View that her favorite bar is The Drunk Duck Lounge located in Marina Del Rey.
Paris Hilton - The Blonde
Paris Hilton confessed that she invested $200,000 in Frozen Jello Taquitos and she lost it all. She said she now has about 20,000 Frozen Jello Taquitos in an industrial deep freeze she had to rent.
><<
NOTW High Court Case Sex Revelations
Journalist's techniques questioned as Coulson found to have hacked Brooks' vagina
Cheech & Chong - The Original Pot Heads Are Back
Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong, known as Cheech and Chong are reuniting for another marijuana movie. The title is Cheech and Chong: Growing and Selling Pot At The Old Folks Home.
Susan Boyle? Wasn't She That Homely Singer Who...
Susan Boyle recently remarked that she is not in the Witness Protection Program and explained that the reason she is hardly ever seen is because her 15 minutes basically ran out.
Mailing List
Get Spoof News in your email inbox!To be able to scrap these days, it is as if I won myself a pot of gold! Lol. Today I was determined to scrap! Let's say Miss Katelynn 'allowed' two slots of 45 mins of nap for her mummy to scrap. I was delighted. I had to put a HUGE stop whenever she is awake. It was a marathon BUT a good one for the soul. A short me-time will certainly keep me sane!
I always adore collections from Crate Paper and decided to play with Fourteen. The whole collection was meant for Valentine's Day but I decided to use them on everyday theme.
I always adore collections from Crate Paper and decided to play with Fourteen. The whole collection was meant for Valentine's Day but I decided to use them on everyday theme.
Here's a layout of me, Katelynn and Iris Babao Uy. We were so happy when she came by our house last April. She was in Malaysia to teach workshops and she took the time to come by to say hi. She is the sweetest!
This is a layout featuring our super chatty daughter! She looks to talk & say hello to us whenever she is awake! We just adore this lil human. We are blessed!
Alright, got to go. Mummy's duty is ON again! Thanks for coming by. Till then, have a lovely week. Take care.
Xoxo Jessy
6 comments:
Aww love both of these gorgeous pages. The three of you look so cute and also the design is very pretty as usual! I'm glad you got a little time to yourself :-)
Ahhh blessed!... I know the feeling Jess... and its precious....
time is absolute luxury especially for new mommy.... ! but at the same time .... it is special...:)
BOTH layouts are so so so beautiful... even though I miss seeing for your work...but I do see them... it put a big smile on ME... you are such an inspiration!...
hugs...x...ooopsy...send my kiss to baby Katelynn...x
YAY for scrapping!! These are just gorgeous!! LOVING those sweet photos on the second one!!
Love these layout so much! Glad you found some time for yourself :) Hope there are more to come!
super love the second layout! enjoy looking at Kate's photo!
I love Crate's Fourteen too! :) Awesome layouts!Poll: Idahoans deeply divided over school reform propositions
A new statewide poll out sponsored by the Idaho Statesman newspaper shows Idahoans deeply divided over the school reform referenda measures on the November ballot, Propositions 1, 2 and 3. The poll of 625 likely voters, conducted last week and released over the weekend, showed these results:
Prop 1: 42 percent against, 38 percent in favor, 20 percent undecided
Prop 2: 42 percent in favor, 39 percent against, 19 percent undecided
Prop 3: 47 percent against, 40 percent in favor, 13 percent undecided
Plus, when asked if the propositions, if approved by voters, will improve the quality of education in Idaho public schools, 44 percent said no, 39 percent yes, and 17 percent were undecided. You can read a full report here in the Statesman.
Mason-Dixon Polling & Research of Washington, D.C. conducted the poll for the Statesman; pollster Brad Coker told Statesman reporter Dan Popkey that the high number of undecided voters is likely to end up breaking 3-to-1 or 4-to-1 against the measures. "The fact that all the results are close is misleading," Coker told the Statesman. "The truth is that all three face a stiff uphill battle. All things being equal, they are likely to lose by margins much larger than what these numbers show."
This is the first independent poll conducted and released on Idaho's hottest election-season issue this year.
You must be logged in to post comments. Please log in here or click the comment box below for options.comments powered by DisqusArlington resident, Faith Chatham, read the report from the industry financed, orchestrated and conducted so-called air quality study. Surprise, surprise! She found the report misleading.
This industry air test is referred to as “Fort Worth and Arlington” yet it does not include a representative sample from Arlington.
- In the preface of the study Titan says they coordinated with officials of City of Arlington and Fort Worth.
- I suspect that they included one Arlington site so that they could spin it to say that air in Arlington is not impacted by natural gas drilling. This does not appear to be a serious impartial study.
- Roger Venerable (City of Arlington Real Estate) says that he didn’t even know any Arlington site was being included in their test.
- Derren Groth (City of Arlington Natural Gas Engineer) just said that he went to a meeting to decide whether Arlington was going to join in some testing with the City of Fort Worth but Arlington’s decision was not to participate so they did not coordinate with him.
Mystery as to who the “officials” from City of Arlington they refer to in the preface of the report. I suspect (do not know) that they “jawed” with Mel LeBlanc and consider conversations with him as “numerous contacts with officials from City of Arlington.”
- Only one well was tested out of 187 in the city of Arlington.
- One well out of 187 is not a representative sample.
- Therefore no valid conclusion can be deducted from such a small sample to judge whether gas drilling does or does not impact the air quality in the City of Arlington.
PROBLEMS WITH THE STUDY CONCLUSIONS:
- Each time elevated readings are found, the author of the study attributes them to something off site..
- At one Ft. Worth site Titan concludes that the readings can’t be caused by the well but by a compost site, but they don’t mention where the compost site is, how far from their test site, the direction from their test site, the direction the air is blowing from said compost site to their collection point.
- They claim on one site that it is elevated caused by some “unknown off site source.” Geezzzzeeee.
PROBLEMS WITH DESIGN OF STUDY:
The study uses readings for exposure of less than 14 days to determine whether the air is safe or not.
- Fine, tourist will be safe but what about folks who live by the wells, work by the wells, go to school by the wells, and mercy forbid have parents irresponsible enough to place their infants and toddlers into daycare centers next to the wells?
- Those who are exposed day in and day out are not going to only be there less than 14 days therefore this study is totally designed to fabricate false security while the reality is that these sites do have emissions greater than is recommended for health for person exposed to the emissions more than 14 days.
Faith Chatham
Co-founder DFW Regional Concerned Citizens)
Good name for the BS.
Just read it for entertainment purposes ONLY!
Bull Shit Ed's Energy Ethics Complicity.I’ve kept saying over the past few years that Johnny Depp‘s only chance at being a real actor again is to take more dramatic roles — or, ones that don’t involve pirates, Tim Burton, or being a tourist. Then again, when you look at how he treats these movies, such a bad streak may not change anytime soon.
Don’t abandon all hope, though; according to THR, the actor is producing and possibly starring in a biopic of famed children’s author Theodor Geisel, better known as Dr. Seuss. With Keith Bunin writing, Illumination Entertainment (producers of The Lorax) and Infinitum Nihil are producing for Universal — and although the actor is only attached in the same capacity at the moment, the option to star is open. When judging him on the past decade, Depp seems like someone who would take this up for himself. Those of you hoping for something a little more traditional than his recent body of work — heavily involving fantastical elements and things of that nature — may be a little disappointed to hear that the producers are “not ruling out animated bells and whistles.”
This seems to be a biopic through and through, but it’s probably worth noting that those aspects could come into play. So long as they’re unobtrusive, I wouldn’t mind that; a film about the life of a notable, mid-20th century figure can come across as rather stale if not done right, so the occasional embellishment may actually be welcome. And, again, it might also let Depp get back into the world of real performances; that alone would make this worth the effort.
(That same story mentions him as being in Martin Scorsese‘s Hugo, despite previous reports to the contrary after some confusion. If this is true, then good for him. Sincerely.)
Going back to his franchise business, THR is also informing us of Rob Marshall‘s The Thin Man reboot attaining yet another screenwriter. This comes after the departure of both Jerry Stahl and David Koepp — the latter of whom was hired a little over a month ago. Billy Ray is now scripting the film; this is the latest job for him, adding to a pile that already includes a new project for J.J. Abrams, 24, Pan, and The Secret in Their Eyes, he’s rapidly becoming one of the busiest writers in Hollywood.
The reason for this switch is Marshall, whose vision “didn’t line up” with what Koepp had in mind. The director’s plans include taking “story elements from the first two films [and having] a period sensibility that’s similar to Sherlock Holmes,” as well as one or two musical sequences. This might not really be a big deal for the production, but it’s hard to go through writers this quickly and not look a little out of sorts.
Could Johnny Depp pull off Dr. Seuss? Might it allow him to get back into better roles? How do you feel about Billy Ray taking over as the writer of The ThinJimmy Buffett was released from an Australian hospital today and is “doing well” after suffering an accident at his concert last night, according to an official post on his website. Media reports stated that the 64-year-old singer tumbled off the stage at Sydney’s Hordem Pavillion and hit his head, at which point he was rushed to the hospital.Famous quotes by Nicholson Baker:Sort:PopularA - Z
Share your thoughts on Nicholson Baker's quotes with the community:
Quote of the Day
Would you like us to send you a FREE inspiring quote delivered to your inbox daily?
Citation
Use the citation below to add this author page to your bibliography:
"Nicholson Baker Quotes." Quotes.net. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. < Baker>.One of the Soho “street food” store’s founders, Mathew Chandy, shares an exclusive recipe for a green-filled sandwich
Ingredients
Handful of fresh spinach leaves (no stems)
Olive oil
Two finely chopped garlic cloves
1 tsp cumin seeds
1 tbsp finely chopped dill
1 tsp methi (fenugreek leaves)
Chilli powder and salt to taste
A few iceberg lettuce leaves
Handful of sweetcorn
Method
“Be crazy and inventive with your sandwiches,” says Mooli’s founder Mathew Chandy, whose head chef Raju came up with this spicy vegetarian sandwich filling especially for The Table. Heat the oil in a pan on medium heat, add the cumin seeds and let them splutter, then add the chopped garlic. Add the spinach, dill, fenugreek, chilliPerspectives Content Submission
Tue, 25 Mar 2014
Read the rest of this article on Perspectives Content Submission
Related Topics:
Related Videos
Morningstar's Christine Benz demonstrates how to make a bucket portfolio best work for you, touching on allocation, RMDs, other income sources, and more.
Morningstar's Eric Jacobson breaks down the nuances of GO, revenue, and tobacco bonds , warns about a yield pitfall to avoid, and offers best practices for researching muni fund portfolios.
Munis have somewhat recovered so far this year, but investors need to mind all of the rate, credit, and valuation risks inherent in muni bonds and funds.
As investors realize the impact of new tax increases, municipals are going to become more valuable--but research is key to finding value and avoiding trouble, says Fidelity's Kevin Ramundo.Teach Your Children Well
Showing kids how to live a healthy, active life begins where they live and learn.
When we encourage our children to eat well, exercise often and maintain a healthy weight, we've taught them how to prevent 1/3 of all cancers – and avoid other chronic problems such as heart disease, diabetes and more.
It starts in school
Parents can organize health councils in local schools to help shape healthy practices and policies. Here are some ideas to discuss with teachers, principals and PTO groups:
- Including more fresh fruits, vegetables, whole grains and sources of lean protein in school lunches.
- Eliminating vending machines that dispense soda, chips and sweets – or filling them with better choices instead.
- Adopting a policy about foods brought in for birthdays and holiday parties. For example, fruit and whole-grain treats instead of cupcakes; 100% juice and water to replace sugary drinks.
- Making sure that physical education and recess activities get kids moving.
Safe streets, active kids
These steps in your neighborhood that will foster a healthy, safe and active lifestyle for everyone, including children.
- Vote to preserve parks and green spaces.
- Start a community watch group to improve safety for walkers and bikers, especially kids.
- Petition local planning boards for more sidewalks, crosswalks and traffic lights to protect pedestrians.
- Advocate for construction of bike lanes, trails and running paths near your home.
- Support area restaurants that serve healthful meals and offer calorie counts.
- Patronize local farmers' markets.
Your example leads the way
Kids learn what they live. A healthy environment and your positive example will inspire them to make well-being a priority in their own lives. For more ideas on lifestyle and cancer prevention, go to.I'm sorry the pictures are so dark....."someone" (I'm not naming names) has messed with my camera!
***NOTE: There is no added salt in this recipe.....I LOVE salt, and I even found there is SO much flavor I didn't need to add it.
Step 1: Recipe
.5 C Mint
.5C Fresh Lemon Juice (the juice of about 2 large lemons)
5 Garlic Cloves
1 Tablespoon Olive Oil
2 Teaspoons Lemon Pepper (I used Mrs. Dash)
.5 C Chicken Broth (or use half dry white wine, and half chicken broth
Step 2: Method
Wash the mint if yours came from outside like mine does, then pull just the leaves from the stem.
Put the mint, garlic, lemon juice, lemon pepper, and olive oil into a food processor, and process it until everything is well mixed.....I like mine pretty smooth.
Put the chicken chunks into a zipper bag, and dump in the mint mixture. Squish it all around and refrigerate for about 2 hours.
***NOTE: Do not madinate chicken too long with this much lemon (or any other acid) or it will make the texture mushy.
Step 3: Assemble, & Cook
Thread the chicken cubes onto skewers. Place on a piece of foil large enough to hold all the skewers.
At this point you can either cook on the outdoor grill, or broil in the oven. Either way cook about 7 minutes without disturbing, then turn and cook another 3-4 minutes.
I like these flexible skewers. I think they're called Fire Wires
I'm sorry the POINT (or period) didn't show up better
so it would be:
one half cup of mint
one half cup lemon juice
one half cup chicken broth
I hope this helps....it's really a good recipeNational Psoriasis Foundation Awards 12 Psoriasis Research Fellowships
Nearly—leading to better treatments and a cure for psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis—by:
- Maryam Afshar, MBBS, of the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine, will focus on the immune system in people with psoriasis during hepatitis C infection;
- Shiu;
- Madeline Haddican, M.D., of Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York City, will focus on psoriasis clinical trials;
- Faiyaaz A. Kalimullah, M.D., of Wake Forest University School of Medicine in Winston-Salem, N.C., will investigate adherence to treatment, cost effectiveness of treatment and new protocols for phototherapy, a therapy which exposes the skin to ultra-violet light;
- Douglas Kast, D.O., of Case Western Reserve University and University Hospitals in Cleveland, Ohio, will research cardiovascular risk in psoriasis using the CACS score, a special X-ray test that detects early stage heart disease;
- Peter Mattei, M.D., of Harvard Medical School in Boston, will develop a set of standardized outcome measures in clinical practice;
- Katherine M. Mercy, M.D., of The Feinberg School of Medicine at Northwestern University in Evanston, Ill., will identify the relationship between body mass index and psoriasis in children;
- Amilcar Rizzo, M.D., of Stanford University School of Medicine in Palo Alto, Calif., will try and understand the skin's immune interactions in psoriasis;
- Bryan Sofen, M.D., of New York University in New York City, will explore the cutaneous microbiome, the population of microorganisms that live on the skin, in people with psoriasis to try and determine whether these organisms play a role in the disease;
- Junko Takeshita, M.D., of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, will examine cardiovascular risk in psoriasis and the effectiveness of therapies;
- Daniel Zaghi, M.D., of the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, will investigate if smoking affects the development of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis.
Please call our team department at 1-888-466-1188 to inquire about additional team discounts when ordering.
This skort is a perfect match to all of the Nike Team tops. The skort features a wide flat elastic waistband, border, 5" side slits for increased range of movement, built-in shorts with gusset for better comfort, and embroidered Nike Swoosh logo at bottom left hem. 13" skort length.RICHMOND, Va. (WTVR) – The University of Virginia is one of just three public universities to make a list of the top 15 schools with the wealthiest.
Way down at number 11 UVA makes the list as the highest-ranked public university. Its wealthiest alumni are worth a total of $31 billion. The university also has the highest percentage of self-made ultra high net worth individuals. Notable alumni include talk show host Katie Couric and comedian and writer Tina Fey.
Interestingly enough, the majority of wealthy alumni of both public and private universities were “self made.”On their site they are taking a waiting list for both testing and treatment from August 2010, but there is a que at the moment:
There is a £100 Deposit but this is refundable. ... ients.html
From their site:
Frequently Asked Questions
Q. I already have a CCSVI Screening scan appointment with you. Do I need to go on the waiting list?
A. No, the waiting list is only for people wanting to receive a CCSVI Screening scan appointment and follow on procedure if necessary.
Q. What CCSVI Treatment Packages will be available and when?
A. We will be offering CCSVI Treament Packages that will include CCSVI Screening Scan & Consultation, Venogram & Liberation Procedure. The Scan & Consultations start in July/August this year (all appointments have gone). September appointments will be released to the waiting list (in strict order) very shortly. We expect the Venogram/Liberation Procedure to be available from August. Further details and prices will be released via our newsletter within the next 7-10 days.
Q. Will you be offering CCSVI Treatment Packages anywhere else in the UK?
A. We are currently setting up all the faciltiies in Scotland first and want to ensure a first class service for our patients before offering our packages elsewhere. We do however anticipate offering packages in the South (possibly London) early in 2011.
Q. Will you be offering the Full CCSVI Liberation Procedure in the UK?
A. Yes. We expect the Venogram/Liberation Procedure to be available from August. Further details and prices will be released via our newsletter within the next 7-10 days.
Q. If I change my mind after going on the waiting list, can I have a full refund of my deposit?
A. Yes of course. The deposit is fully refundable up to 30 days before any confirmed appointment date with you.
Q. Can I pay by cheque or bank transfer and can I pay over the phone?
A. No sorry we can only take orders over the website and payment by Credit/Debit card are the only payment methods we can accept. We have had to automate this system due to the number of enquiries we have been getting.Who’s In Your Chair Today, Afsaneh Gibbs?
Cameo
Afsaneh “Sunny” Gibbs
MARK DAVIDSON
Afsaneh “Sunny” Gibbs immigrated to the United States in 1995 from her native Iran and embraced a new found opportunity: politics. “I can say what is on my mind without ending up in jail!” she says. Because of her heritage, she was surprised when Hillary Clinton accepted an invitation to attend a fundraiser at her home in San Francisco. Gibbs exhibits photographs of politicians she has met on the wall of Afsaneh’s Spa Salon in Palm Desert.
What sets your salon apart from others?
I have an exclusive license here for a line of ammonia-free, all-botanical hair color products. It’s especially good for women who are pregnant, are undergoing chemotherapy, or are sensitive to chemicals. It comes in only six colors, so you have to be a color specialist. Because they’re nontoxic, I get customers from Gilda’s Club [cancer support center in Cathedral City]. I don’t charge if they have to pay big medical bills.
When you came to this country, you first worked in San Francisco salons. When and how did you strike out on your own?
When I worked at Heidi’s as a manager, they sent me to extensive classes. Then I would teach the stylists in their California and Texas salons. In 1995, I opened my own business. One of my three salons was for VIPs. A lot of celebrities wanted privacy or had to come in early or late. In 2008, my husband, John, and I moved to the desert and I retired.
Why did you open a salon in the desert after retiring?
Years ago, I was invited to Canada to do hair for the prime minister, attorney general, and other cabinet members for Canada Day ceremonies. Some of them come to the desert and have second homes here. They called me to do their hair and I rented a chair for one day from a salon. At the end of the day, the owner asked me to work there, but I couldn’t work for somebody else. My next move is to add massage and facials — everything organic.
You’ve met many politicians. Whose hair have you done?
Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. I had squeezed her in and knew she was going somewhere. She was so calm and kept saying, “Don’t rush. Everything is OK.” Afterward, she sent me a beautiful bottle of wine with her own label.
What’s the most memorable styling job you’ve had?
I did hair and makeup for an Indian bride. A jacket that went over her gown was $800,000. Two men carried in the headpiece. It was worth a million dollars. Both were covered in jewels. Then there was the lady who had lost her hair from chemo treatments. She was going to a wedding, and her hair was about an inch long. I made it sexy. When I was done, she hugged me and wouldn’t let go.
Afsaneh's @ Shades Natural Hair Color Studio
73700 Highway 111 # 2
Palm Desert, CA 92260-4019
760-340-2222Formats
All prices plus P+P
Soul Gospel Vol. 2
Soul Jazz Records
Tracklisting
Information
Soul Gospel 2 mixes elements of Soul, Gospel, Rare Groove Funk and New York Underground Disco. In this second volume of Soul Gospel, Soul Jazz Records once again bring you celebrated gospel artists such as The Staple Singers , Clara Ward and Marion Williams, alongside many lesser known gospel artists like The Sensational Cymbals, and The Lovers of God, who you’re unlikely to find mentioned in any discography of either gospel or soul music. All the artists on this album are unique in that they grew up in the church and their music includes the emotional and spiritual depth and soaring vocals of what would become the defining ingredients of Gospel’s secular counterpart – Soul Music. This depth comes from a vocal schooling in the environment of the church, against a background of social hardship and political change. This specific characteristic is present in many different performers, and is in many ways unique to Afro-American culture. Funk, Soul, New York Disco and more combine in the music of Soul Gospel. The album comes with extensive text, exclusive photos, slipcase and super-loud double vinyl.what class card is a SDHC Ultra?
Started Nov 30, 2012 | Questions thread
steephill wrote:
Look for a C encircling a number. That number is the class.-- hide signature --
Steve
Perfect answer. Just looked and the Ultras I got on Black Friday are Class 10 and not Class 6. Yea.
Thank You, Thank You, Thank You:-).
Reply Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowAn Oakland County real estate agent is scheduled to make her TV debut helping a couple rediscover their roots in the housing market.
Christa Buchanan, of Real Estate One in Troy, will appear on HGTV’s “House Hunters,” May 5 at 10 p.m.
The episode, titled “Two Guys Move Back to Their Native Detroit,” will focus on the search for a historic 1920s home in the Royal Oak area. The couple looking for the home expects to complete the entire process in just one week, according to a press release.
“We had very little time to find the right fit, especially in a market in which homes were getting multiple offers and selling in one day,” Buchanan said.
Buchanan has nearly a decade of experience in the Metro Detroit real estate market. She earned the “Rising Star Award,” which goes to new agents who sell at least $1 million in their first year, within her first six months as an agent at Real Estate One. She also was the recipient of a Gold Award, which is given to those who sell between $2 million and $4 million, in 2013.
Real Estate One’s office is located at 70 W. Long Lake Road in Troy. For more information, visit christabuchanan.realestateone.com or call 248-813-4900.
— Staff writer Paul KampeDaly City Vascular Surgeons
The following Daly City Vascular Surgeons are affiliated with the Sutter Health network.
Doctors 1 - 3 of 3
Melinda L. Aquino, M.D.1850 Sullivan Avenue
Suite 300
Daly City, CA 94015
(650) 991-1122
Specializing inSurgery
Please contact physician's office to see if they are accepting new patients.
Vascular Surgery
Accepting new patients
John R. Crew, M.D.1800 Sullivan Avenue
Suite 507
Daly City, CA 94015
(650) 994-2700
Specializing inVascular Surgery
Accepting new patients
Stephanie C. Lin, M.D., FACSPalo Alto Medical Foundation
1800 Sullivan Avenue
#602
Daly City, CA 94015
(650) 652-8787
Doctors 1 - 3 of 3- Chelsea Handler to host this year's VMAs! — BuzzSugar
- Michael Cera writes his initials on his face — Huffington Post
- Ryan Reynolds wants to be a real-life hero — People
- Kim Kardashian previews her bikini calendar — PopEater
- Lindsay Lohan won't be prosecuted over a missing Rolex — TMZ
- And does she have just one week left in rehab? — Wonderwall
- Kristen Bell doesn't own a scale — Us Weekly
- Drew Barrymore looks an awful lot like Mary-Kate — Lainey Gossip
- Oksana and Mel battle it out for custody — Fox 411
- John Mayer probably isn't dating Heidi Montag — Hollywood Life
- Pamela Anderson promotes Pantene — I'm Not Obsessed
- Angelina Jolie got a paper cut signing autographs — The Blemish
(
)
-
Set Lists and Gig Reports
(
)
- -
Down -- Sauget, IL -- September 17th, 2011
(
)
WOLVERINEKILLS
09-21-2011 10:05 AM
Down -- Sauget, IL -- September 17th, 2011
Down
In Solitude
Ponykiller
September 17th, 2011
Pops in Sauget, IL
Down was awesome. It was the day before Bower's B-Day so they sung happy B Day to him. The band was great as usual. Ponykiller and In Solitude were ok too. The crowd for this show was the perhaps the best, most intense crowd I have seen for any metal show. Thats over 200 + live acts. It was without a doubt the best crowd of the 15 Down concerts I have attended. You could tell the band was blown away by the intensity. Anselmo gave props to the crowd after every song. None of the starting the song over with the "I'm watching you like a hawk" business tonight. He said it was the best crowd he had seen in years.
Lysergic Funeral Procession (complete with intro)
Pillars of Eternity
Underneath Everything
Life
The Path
New Orleans is a Dying Whore
Happy B-Day to Jim (with Kirk's special ending about Jim's small dick and big tits along with a Bower - Power chant from the crowd)
Losing All
Ghosts along the Mississippi
Temptations Wings
N.O.D.
Eyes of the South
Encore:
Stone the Crow
Bury Me In Smoke (Walk Away)
What an amazing show. I went to the Louisville show on 9/19 a few days later but the crowd paled in comparison so bad its not worth my time to review. The Sauget crowd was rabid!!!
Blacktooth85
09-21-2011 03:52 PM
Fuck Yeah!! :rocker: That show was killer! The crowd was definitely kickin' ass. Phil was really diggin' it.... I'd say it was a better show than the last time they came to Pops... I won't ever miss a DOWN show...
JMetal13
09-22-2011 02:52 PM
Man I wish I could of went to either show. I had tickets for Louisville vs. Kentucky football in Lexington on the 17th, so was uber pissed that I had to miss Down @ Pops (albeit Louisville winning and being able to walk out of that city alive was well worth it). Fucking work had to interfere with the show in Louisville. Hate when I can't catch a break for shit like that.
All times are GMT -8. The time now is
02:56 AM
.
Blah Blah Blah Copyright 2008John William O'Quinn Jr.
Position: DB-E
Height: 6-2 Weight: 195 lbs.
Born: September 7, 1925 in Lilesville, NC
Died: April 21, 2002 in Ottawa, Canada
High School: Asheboro
College: Wake Forest (school history)
Drafted by the Chicago Bears in the 3rd round (31st overall) of the 1949 NFL Draft.
Weighted Career AV (100-95-...): 0 (14747th overall since 1950)Click Image to Enlarge
High-temperature polymers are generally defined as those having a long-term service temperature exceeding 300 F. These materials often have other superior properties such as abrasion resistance, chemical resistance, and low-friction characteristics. Examples of such polymers include certain polyamides (specialty nylons), fluoropolymers, polyamide-imide, polyphenylene sulfide (PPS), polysulfones, polyetherimide (PEI), and polyether-ether ketone (PEEK). They are typically processed at temperatures between 600 and 750 F.
Because of the potential uses in high-temperature applications, such as under-the-hood automotive parts, processors are taking a close look at these materials for new business opportunities. However, many older extrusion lines may not be suitable for processing high-temperature polymers.
Before moving ahead, it is essential to understand the special requirements for processing these resins and the limitations of your existing extrusion equipment. In addition to processing issues, there are matters of economics and safety.
In order to bring the extruder and downstream equipment up to the task of processing at higher temperatures, you’ll need heating elements that provide long-term serviceability at elevated temperatures. Ceramic-insulated heaters are typically substituted for standard mica-insulated heaters on all the downstream equipment. While cast-aluminum barrel heaters can still be used, you’ll have to take into account the possibility that the barrel diameter will expand at elevated service temperatures. Air-cooled heaters are generally used in extruding high-temperature polymers. The problem with water-cooled, cast aluminum barrel heaters is that at these extreme temperatures the water almost instantly vaporizes into steam. This results in barrel-temperature instability and creates an issue involving handling the steam as it exits the heaters.
All equipment through which the polymer flows requires more heat to reach the initial startup temperature. In order to reduce startup times, the heaters require higher watt-density than conventionally equipped extruders. Watt-density is defined as the heater wattage/in.² of surface area. Extended warm-up time with low-watt-density heaters can cause additional degradation of the polymer and affect the economics of processing because of longer startups.
In most cases, the time at elevated temperature causes more degradation than the temperature level. In some cases it’s necessary to heat even the normally cooled feed throat to obtain a stable feed rate, as the frictional characteristics of the polymers improve at higher surface temperatures.
Most high-temperature polymers require drying at relatively high temperatures. To reduce the drive power requirement, it’s necessary to retain the drying heat so that the polymer enters the extruder as close as possible to the drying temperature. Since the bulk of the energy from the screw drive goes into raising the polymer temperature, most extruders would be motor-load limited if the polymer were allowed to cool to a significantly lower temperature before entering the extruder. This usually requires high-capacity hopper dryers mounted directly over the feed throat to maintain the polymer temperature.
For example, an extruder processing polyphenylsulfone with the polymer at room temperature would require 80% more horsepower than one processing the polymer at the 350 F drying temperature.
Although insulation of any extruder reduces its energy consumption, this becomes a more critical issue as processing temperatures increase because heat losses to the environment through convection are directly proportional to the difference between the machine and ambient temperatures. For high-temperature polymers, this often makes it necessary to use insulation from the hopper through the die. Also keep in mind that the heat-transfer coefficient for forced-air flow is two to eight times that of still air, so drafts or any direct air flow on the extruder should be avoided to improve stability and reduce the energy requirement.
Because all of the surfaces of the extruder line are much hotter than usual, they require better guarding to prevent inadvertent skin contact when making adjustments or troubleshooting. Protective clothing may be required just to make routine adjustments such as die-flow or screen changes. At these temperatures the slightest contact with a heated surface can cause a severe burn. Any cooling system that contains hot oil or steam must be enclosed to prevent accidental exposure in the event of a leak.
After exiting the die, high-temperature polymers usually require special cooling procedures. If rolls, calibrators, or any type of heat-exchange devices are used, they are usually cooled with oil to avoid the difficulties of vaporizing water. Since the heat capacity and viscosity of heat-transfer oils is substantially different from those of water, this will often require redesign of the whole cooling system. Cooling with water in an open bath or spray may be too severe a temperature shock for these polymers and can cause severe distortion and/or residual stress in the parts. Consequently, air cooling is often used. Since air cooling is not as effective as liquid cooling, additional cooling length may be required, changing the equipment arrangement and floorspace requirement..Unfortunately Ray-Ban Eyeglasses RX5135 with Rx Prescription Lenses has been fashioned to be the ideal way to look fantastic while keeping your eyesight unchanged. This pair of Eyeglasses w/ Single Vision Lenses from the optics authorities at Ray-Ban, is built employing some of the very best materials accessible, to supply you with an efficient pair of prescription spectacles that will not fail you. Ray-Ban has been in the eyewear industry for an exceptionally long time, and their top-of-the-line Rx eye glasses are the direct result of their tireless efforts to be sure you are totally content with your comfort. At OpticsPlanet, our professional product authorities are here to assist you in acquiring the finest pair of Single Vision Rx Eyeglasses to fulfill your vision requirements. For an awesome way to give the Jones' a run for their money, choose the Ray-Ban Eyeglasses RX5135 with Rx Prescription Lenses.By Mike Steffanos
Cardinals 5 - Mets 3 (11)
Played Tuesday, June 26, 2007
After winning an 11 inning game where they didn't hit the night before, the Mets mixed it up by losing an 11 game where they didn't hit. You could make the point that Mike Maroth is a pretty good major league pitcher, but I don't think many would make the same claim for the immortal Todd Wellemeyer. In fairness, he pitched well, but the Mets -- outside of an occasional bust-out game -- are just too easy to pitch to right now.
I'm glad Oliver Perez didn't have to take a loss for last night's game, but it would be nice if the starting pitchers, including Oliver, could be rewarded with a "W" more consistently when they pitch well. Although he had 3 walks in 6.1 innings, I thought his control was much better than it has been in recent games.
View Oliver Perez' Full Season Stats
We're going to do something different here today. We're not going to spend a lot of time breaking it down. Scott Schoeneweis' miseries continue, and it's time for the club to consider shutting him down for a while. The Mets as a team are dramatically underachieving at the plate right now. Both of these things are obvious to everyone without me spending a lot of words on them.
So here is some good from last night. It was nice to see them battle back from behind -- something they haven't done a lot this year. I actually had the feeling in the bottom of the eleventh that they just might pull it out a second time. It didn't happen, of course, but it was nice to have that feeling again. I hadn't felt it much this year.
Kudos also to Shawn Green. Although he is still struggling to regain his stroke since coming back from the injury, he is one of the few guys on the club right now who will consistently go deep into the count and put up a patient, professional at bat. Also, although he isn't a great outfielder by any stretch, I've noticed that he is getting better jumps on balls and taking better routes. When a guy improves his defense, it's because he's made a commitment to work at it. He earns my respect more every day. He also looks less scary since the hair started growing back. Mazel tov, buddy.
Enough of this. This game doesn't bear much verbiage. I wrote a piece that I was proud of yesterday, and I also recommend Jack Dickey's fine debut on this site. Look for a piece from Joyce Mandelkern later this afternoon.
Support Mike's Mets by shopping at our Amazon Store
More Mets Stories:
SportsSpyder Mets
Continuous Mets Coverage:
MetsBlog
Hot Foot
Two points Mike et al:
A. offense: The loss of Nady was bridged a little by the resurgence of Valentin last year. The addition of alou was supposed to protect DW and Delgado...but injuries to Delgado and Alou have made that 'unsuccessfull'. as ch we get men 'on' but not 'in'. By the time Alou's medical assessment is made we will know more.
B. Metsblog has posted a list of usual suspects (and the latest Buerle hype...trying to drive up the price!), but one interesting name to me not on this list is Mike Lamb- a guy that can play 1st/3rd and PH. DW rest is (could be) coming.
Posted by Ed | June 27, 2007 3:26 PM
I had noticed that about Green's defense, and it's nice. I thought he was pretty much a liability last year and early this year. The one knock you can make, is the reason he struggled to come back from the injury, is because he refused a rehab assignment. Maybe because the team was struggling, and he thought he could help, but maybe he just didn't want to go to the minors.
Posted by Ceetar | June 27, 2007 4:08 PM
I have been puzzling over the Mets offensive woes, too, as I reckon most of your readers have.
My thoughts on the subject might not be so original. They are, that the Mets are not really a power offense, at least not this year. Reyes' power surge of last year hasn't been replicated this time out; nor have Valentin and Beltran hit with quite the authority that they did last season. Nor has Wright, in comparison with the first half of last year.
As a team the Mets are 6th in the National League in slugging at the moment -- but much of that is pure batting average; they are 2nd in the league in batting. In what James calls Isolated Power the Mets are somewhat below league average.
The two principal ways that teams score runs are with power, and with longer offensive sequences. Putting together an offensive sequence requires two or more hits or walks to happen within a three out period; and when your team carries one or more offensive millstones, that gets hard to generate with any consistency.
So, I'm saying that while Carlos DelGato isn't entirely to blame for the putrid offense, his lifeless bat pushes the Mets to a place where nearly all of the other position players HAVE to be contributing; and that usually not the case, usually in the normal order of things at least one other player will be in a mini-slump.
It's a problem. It puts more strain on a depleted bench, more strain on the pitching staff. It calls the roster composition under scrutiny. It probably affects Randolph's decision making for the worse.
A lot of things might get fixed if Carlos could locate another hot streak.
Posted by dd | June 27, 2007 4:27 PM
Ditto on Shawn Green's improved play in the outfield, btw. I didn't want him initially, but he is a hard guy not to like.
Posted by dd | June 27, 2007 4:28 PM
Ed - Saying the current slump is all about Alou being out is letting everybody else off too easy. It's not one guy, it's not 2 or 3, it's a team slump.
---------------------------
Ceetar - He hasn't been struggling physically, so I won't fault him for not doing a rehab. With Endy out and Alou not coming back, the team needed him.
---------------------------
dd - Your thoughts on the slump are very similar to mine. Still, they are doing so poorly as a group with RISP, and I feel the club got too dependent on the longball the second half of last year.
It's almost scary the difference in the jumps and reads Green is getting from even earlier this season. He's no gold glove, but he holds his own out there now.
Posted by Mike Steffanos | June 27, 2007 7:26 PM
Last one in is a rotten egg, I guess thats me (We just beat the Phillys 6-5, but more on that in the right comment lineup.) I think the Mets score more guys from 2nd then they do from 3rd, so heres the game plan. Just hit doubles and homeruns and we solved the rbi problem.Oh life is so simple.:}
Posted by REV AL | June 29, 2007 5:52 PM
Sheer genius, Al...
Posted by Mike Steffanos | June 30, 2007 5:08 PMHuman Health & Interface.
International Business Ventures
Industry Partner:
Principal Advisors: Robert Warrington, Anne Warrington, and Michael Neuman
Course Number: ENT2950 / 2960 / 3950 / 3960 / 3980 / 4900 / 4910 / 4950 / 4960 / 4961 / 5950 / 5960 -Section 16
The International Business Ventures (IBV) Enterprise offers a unique opportunity for students to learn how best to work cooperatively with other classmates, as well as students and businesses worldwide, to develop and bring to market new products for which a need has been identified. Currently, the enterprise is working on an Infant Heart Annunciator, a small Band-Aid-shaped device that detects an infant’s electrocardiogram, producing a visible flash and an audible tone. Oftentimes in developing countries, those present at birth do not have the training or equipment necessary to determine if an unresponsive infant is alive. The team’s goal is to eliminate this unnecessary loss of life. The team is also designing a simple yet reliable ventilator that can be stockpiled by hospitals. Typically, hospitals maintain a sufficient numbers of ventilators. However, an increase in patients resulting from a pandemic could create a shortage of ventilators. Currently, the high cost of most ICU ventilators prevents hospitals from stockpiling these machines.Marketing Information
The TSP828 sets the standard when it comes to desktop label printing. With the TSP828, Star meets the high quality, ease-of-use demands of the desktop thermal label printer market. ability to sense when a label is still in the dispenser. When time to replace your labels, just drop them in and start printing - No need to feed or wind anymore! All of these features make the TSP828 the only true clamshell label printer available with such capabilities.
Technical Information
Media Types & Handling
General Information
Network & Communication
Interfaces/Ports
Power Description
Memory
Miscellaneous
Platform Support
Warranty
Physical Characteristics
Cutter
Fonts & Emulation
Display & Graphics
Battery Information
Green Compliance
Green Compliance Certificate/Authority
RFIDMorgan Smith is a native of Bristol, an East Tennessee State University sophomore, a criminal justice major and a U.S. Army ROTC Cadet. She was also on the ETSU ROTC team that won the Bold Warrior Competition at Fort Knox, Ky., last year, enabling them to go to the Sandhurst Military Skills Competition at West Point in the spring of 2013.
The tough Sandhurst competition began in 1967, when the prestigious Royal Military Academy Sandhurst presented a British officer’s sword to West Point to use as a prize to promote cadet excellence.
Smith says, “From the time we won the prerequisite to going to Sandhurst, until the moment we left for Sandhurst, we trained. Monday through Friday, we would do physical training in the mornings, then many evenings we would do skills training, with several weekend trips to prepare us physically and mentally.”
Each Sandhurst team must have a female cadet. Smith was that cadet for the ETSU team, and she found the experience both challenging and rewarding.
Smith adds, “Going to Sandhurst was one of the most remarkable events I’ve experienced. I could not have done it without my Battle Buddies in the Eddie Reed Ranger Challenge Company. And, of all the attending universities, we were the only one to have our university president attend. Also, we were the only team to have a ranger challenge team named after a fallen former cadet, Buc Battalion member Eddie Reed. His son and our ETSU president, Dr. Brian Noland, both accompanied us for the entire competition.”
Smith has a four-year ROTC scholarship and an Academic Performance Scholarship with work placement in the Military Science Department. She plans to be a 20-year career officer, probably as a helicopter pilot or in military intelligence.Smith seems well on her way to a successful future. She says, “I feel that my experiences in the Buc Battalion and Eddie Reed Ranger Company have already shaped my character and will continue to build me into the officer I aspire to be.”Fitch Affirms Echostar's IDR at 'BB-'; Conv Sub Notes at 'B'; Outlook Stable.
Fitch's affirmation reflects the operating leverage derived from Echostar's size and scale as the fourth largest multichannel video programming distributor in the United States; the company's solid liquidity position, and expectation for continued free cash flow generation.
Fitch's ratings also incorporate Echostar's weak competitive position and limited ability to respond to the changing and more competitive operating environment. From Fitch's perspective competitive pressures within the multi-channel video distribution market have increased due to the wide spread availability of the triple play service offering and the introduction of video services by the regional bell operating companies, namely Verizon and AT&T. Fitch believes that demand for Echostar's video service will remain strong within certain segments of the multi channel video distribution market. However, the evolving competitive landscape will materially increase the business risks related to Echostar's credit profile. Outside Echostar's core market segments the company will find it increasingly difficult to protect and grow its market share in the face of the bundled service offerings by the cable MSOs and telephone companies in residential markets.
A key to Echostar's continued EBITDA growth and free cash flow generation will be how the company balances subscriber growth, ARPU, subscriber churn and subscriber acquisition costs. Fitch believes that a more competitive multi-channel video distribution market can lead to higher subscriber churn rates subscriber acquisition costs, and pressure on the company's ARPU. These factors can limit EBITDA growth and constrain operating margins. During the third quarter of 2006 Echostar's subscriber acquisition cost (SAC) was $688 per gross addition. Fitch believes that competitive pressures can push Echostar's SAC in excess of $700 during 2007.
Echostar's competitive position is hurt by its lack of a broadband solution. Currently, the company's broadband strategy is centered on its ability to bundle DSL service through AT&T and other incumbent local exchange providers. Fitch believes that for competitive purposes an investment in a broadband network is appropriate. However, the capital costs associated with a high speed data network will be significant and would certainly pressure Echostar's credit profile if the company elects to deploy the network without using partners to mitigate financial and technical risks. Over the near term Fitch believes Echostar will compete for video subscribers by aggressively deploying high definition programming. Echostar does have a leading position among multi-channel video distributors with 30 national HD channels. However Echostar is lagging behind most cable MSOs by only providing local channel HD programming in only 26 cities. Moreover, Echostar's HD lineup does not include any of the regional sports networks.
The company's leverage metric, calculated on a latest 12 month (LTM) basis, as of September 30, 2006 was 3.04 times (x) on a consolidated basis and 2.4x at EDBS. Absent a material investment in a broadband network, Fitch expects that Echostar's credit protection metrics will continue to improve during 2007 with leverage improving a half turn from the Sept. 30, 2006 level and free cash flow as a percentage of total debt in excess of 8%. Since the end of the third quarter the company has made substantial progress in addressing its 2008 scheduled maturities, which as of the end of the third quarter totaled $2.5 billion. During October, the company issued $500 million of senior notes due 2013 and used the proceeds thereof to redeem its floating rate senior notes due 2008. Additionally on Jan. 17, 2007, the company announced that it will redeem all of its outstanding 5.75% convertible subordinated notes due 2008 on February 15, 2007. The redemption will initially be funded with cash on hand. Echostar's liquidity position is strong and is primarily supported by approximately $2.8 billion of restricted and unrestricted cash, and marketable investment securities on its balance sheet as of Sept. 30, 2006 and free cash flow expectations.
Fitch's Stable Rating Outlook reflects the consistent subscriber economic trends as well as the positive EBITDA and free cash flow prospects expected over the near term balanced with the very competitive operating environment. Outside of the announced share repurchase authorization Fitch views the use of cash for shareholder friendly actions as an erosion of financial flexibility that could result in pressure on the ratings or an outlook revision. Additionally, Fitch has concerns related to the uncertainty surrounding the company's broadband strategy and the potential cash requirements to launch a wireless broadband service. Lastly, incorporated into the current ratings and Stable Rating Outlook is the expectation that the ongoing litigation related to Tivo, Inc. is resolved in a credit neutral manner and without significant operational disruption..
Reader OpinionWhy? Because you can! And pickle, and jam, or otherwise celebrate the resurgence of the domestic arts our forebears held so dear. Put on your best apron and step into our kitchen, won't you?
Aside from the delicious combo of strawberries and lemongrass, this post also includes notes on getting natural pectin from lemons, and using Weck jars.Double Decker Shoe Rack
Materials: BABORD; 1×2 boards; table saw; chisels; wood glue
Description: I needed a shoe rack to fit in the closet under our stairs, and wanted to use the space up. I bought two of the the very inexpensive Babord shoe racks and wanted to stack the two on top of each other, but because of the underside stairs they would not sit flush to the wall.
So…..I got some 1 x 2 boards, traced the cut out of the legs/support that came with it onto my new boards. used the table saw to remove the excess, and some chisels to smooth out the cut-outs. Then had to make two new pairs of legs for the two top levels.
On the two top shelves I needed to remove a little bit of the original material so they would be staggered enough to fit under the stairs. Table for that.
Then glued everything together, used some brad nails for support (pre-drilled, of course, the Ikea pine is notorious for splitting). Put a cross piece in the back for support, and that was that.
~ ken h, canada
Good one, this is very useful double rack where you can place shoes differently like one for ladies and another for gents.150 yds. Western Filament® TUF - Line XP
Item # WX2-66229
- Google+
-
150 Yds. Sufix Performance Braid, Lo - Vis GreenNon-Members $19.99 Buyer's Club $17.99
150 yds. Cortland® Spectron® Blackout LineNon-Members $19.99 Buyer's Club $17.99
200 Yds. P - Line Halo Flourocarbon, Mist GreenNon-Members $19.99 Buyer's Club $17.99There are currently no items in your cart.
O God, Thou Art My God
-
- Instrument:
-
- Ensemble:
-.
Buy Together
$3.50
$16.99
O God, Thou Art My God
with
Folder - Legacy Choral
Buy both for $20.49
Customers Who Bought O God, Thou Art My God Also Bought:
Carols for Choirs 3
$22.95
In These Delightful Pleasant Groves
$2.25 $2.07
Gloria
$8.95
Psalm 111
$187.95
St. John Passion, BWV 245
$20.95
Soul of the World
$2.00 $1.84
O God, Thou Art God, Thou Art Choir Sheet Music Henry Purcell 4-Part Sheet Music Henry Purcell SATB Sheet Music
Instrument: Choir Sheet Music
Ensemble: 4-Part Music SATB Music
Genre: Baroque Period Sheet MusicCOUNCILLORS have agreed to give away land in Carterton and Long Hanborough.
West Oxfordshire District Council’s cabinet yesterday voted to transfer land at Blackthorn Green in Shilton Park, Carterton, to Carterton Town Council.
It will allow continued use of the land as a play area and public open space.
Long Hanborough Methodist Church has also taken over a small plot next to the site so it can build a sideStore investment analyst Alex Piercey, 29, achieved the highest marks in the world in the latest Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) exams.
Alex, who works for Homebase at Home Retail Group, in Milton Keynes, studied with BPP’s distance learning programme and came top in the Enterprise Management exam with a score of 80 per cent, beating more than 5,000 others.
The exams were held in November and Alex also sat Financial Management (F2).
Alex has lived in and around Milton Keynes formore than three years and is originally from High Wycombe. He conducts investment appraisals and property based financial analysis, including investment in stores.
To become a Chartered Management Accountant, students need to complete 10 professional qualification exams across four years.
Alex said: “I am delighted to have done so well in my professional exams and to be on my way to becoming a qualified management accountant, winning the prize was fantastic. The exams were really tough and were hard work but I had a lot of support from both BPP, through which I studied, and also from my employer, Homebase. The qualification has given me not only the basic accounting skills but also helped me to understand the wider business context of my work.”
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website."U.S. solar company Evergreen Solar Inc filed for bankruptcy on Monday, its once cutting-edge technology falling victim to competition from cheaper Chinese rivals."
Nichola Groom reports for Reuters August 16, 2011.
SEE ALSO:
"Ascent Solar To Sell Stake, Eyes China Growth" (Reuters)
"Overrun by Chinese Rivals, U.S. Solar Company Falters" (Wall St. Journal)
"The Big Worry About China on the Energy Patch" (Foreign Policy)2006 Honda Odyssey Mirror
› Change Part / Category
› Change Vehicle
Related Parts
Mirror
Change Category
Change Brand
5 stars - (10 Reviews)
Reviews
Mirror Reviews - 2006 Honda Odyssey
Action Crash | HO1320155!!!
March 30th, 2015 | Posted by dennisv
Action Crash | HO1320155
Product was in perfect condition, shipped incredibly fast, and Parts Geek had the most competitive price I found and trusted. I highly recommend!
September 10th, 2014 | Posted by Great experience
Action Crash | HO1321155
See my review of the drivers side mirror. Overall, an excellent product. Couldn't be more pleased!
March 30th, 2015 | Posted by dennisv
Action Crash | HO1321156
Great product - looks just like the original. Took it to my mechanic and he had it installed and I was out the door in ten minutes. Literally. Great price, quick ship, very happy with the product.
March 11th, 2015 | Posted by Great Product - Very EconomicalCanadian tenor Ben Heppner announced today that he has retired from singing.
"After much consideration, I've decided the time has come for a new era in my life. I'm setting aside my career as an opera and concert singer," Heppner said in a statement issued today by his manager William Guerri at Columbia Artists Management. "I wish to thank the countless people who inspired me, supported me and encouraged me to embark on a fantastic journey over the past 35 years. A million thanks to those who hired me. Most importantly, I want to thank everyone who ever bought a ticket."
One of the most distinguished dramatic tenors of his generation, the British Columbia-born Heppner made his first Metropolitan Opera appearance in a 1988 National Council Winners Concert that saw him perform arias alongside Susan Graham and Renée Fleming. In 1991, the tenor made his debut appearance in an opera at the Met, singing the title role in performances of Idomeneo. With his ardent, ductile tenor and a refined musicianship evident in every note he sang, Heppner went on to perform some of the most demanding roles in opera, with a repertoire ranging from Wagner (Tristan, Lohengrin, Walther von Stolzing), to Verdi (Otello), Berlioz (Énée), and Florestan in Fidelio and Gherman in Tchaikovsky's Queen of Spades. Along the way, Heppner also cancelled a number of high-profile engagements and publicly struggled with vocal setbacks, most notably in the fall of 2001 in Lyric Opera of Chicago performances of Otello and Met performances of Meistersinger the same season. Performances of Otello in 2004 marked a significant return to form, though in 2011 he withdrew from the title role in the following season's new Metropolitan Opera production of Siegfried, and retired the role from his repertoire. Heppner also made his mark in new works, singing the title role in William Bolcom's McTeague at Lyric Opera of Chicago as well as Ahab in Jake Heggie’s adaptation of Melville's Moby-Dick.
"I thought I would keep singing part time ... but I found that being a part-time singer just doesn't work. It's a full-time job," Heppner told CBC News in an interview on Thursday. "No matter how often you sing, if you're going to sing at a good level, a quality level, you've got to keep it up all the time. And I was finding that to be a little bit difficult. So that, plus the fact that I've been experiencing a little bit of unreliability in my voice — and that causes some anxieties — I decided it was time."
Heppner plans to continue as host of two CBC Radio programs, Saturday Afternoon at the Opera and Backstage with Ben Heppner, and will also continue to hold masterclasses, coach roles with young singers and serve as a juror in voice competitions.
"The best thing is to be remembered well ... I always thought it would be a cool way to go out on top," he told the CBC. "I'm not sure if I've done that, but sticking around just for somebody else's satisfaction just doesn't seem like the right thing to do."
More information can be found at BenHeppner.com, CBC News, the Globe and Mail and the OPERA NEWS Archives (here, here, here and here).
Send breaking news to our Web Editor.
Send feedback to OPERA NEWS.
Photo by Kristin Hoebermann/CAMI: Sovicille - SienaShow on map -
2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 4 people, Shared Pool
2015 Prices per villa
600 to 816:
864 to 1656 US Dollar
Location address: Capannori - LuccaShow on map -
3 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 6 people, Private Pool
2015 Prices per villa
1752 to 3079 US Dollar.
Bad news, worse news: Feast or famine
Tuesday - 4/10/2012, 2:00am EDT
After two weeks of media overdosing on GSA's fiasco in the desert, innocent feds — from the majority of GSA workers to folks at Interior and the Pentagon — must be praying for an incident that will take them out of the spotlight..Study: Obese Diabetics May Live Longer
redOrbit Staff & Wire Reports – Your Universe Online
While people with high body mass index (BMI) could be more susceptible to developing Type 2 diabetes, they could also live longer than those who contract the disease and are thinner, claims a new study recently published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA).
According to Time.com reporter Alice Park, the phenomenon is known as the “obesity paradox,” and Northwestern University Associate Professor of Preventive Medicine Mercedes Carnethon, author of the JAMA study, discovered that the overall death rate of overweight or obese diabetics was nearly half that of their thinner counterparts (1.5% per year vs. 2.8% per year).
Similar findings have previously been reported in other ailments, including cardiovascular failure and chronic kidney disease, she added. However, it should be noted, Carnethon said, that this “obesity paradox” does not necessarily mean that diabetics should attempt to pack on the pounds as a defense mechanism against the disease. Instead, she said that those who are thinner may have developed diabetes due to reasons unrelated to their body weight, and that their health may be worse for unrelated reasons,
“For the new study“¦ Carnethon and her team reviewed data on five previous studies that were tracking people for heart disease risk factors,” Park said. ,” she added. “Even after adjusting for other risk factors known to contribute to diabetes, such as high blood pressure, high cholesterol levels and smoking, the higher mortality rates remained.”
Carnethon’s team also excluded those who died within 24 months of being diagnosed with diabetes, in order to eliminate other illnesses as a possible cause of death, yet the findings were essentially unchanged.
The researchers say that more research is needed to determine exactly what causes the discrepancy between normal weight and obese diabetics, though the lead author believes that genetic variations related to insulin secretion, leading to insulin resistance, could play a role.
“It’s also possible that body fat may still play a role,” Park said. “The studies measured the participants’ body mass index (BMI), a ratio of their height and weight, but it wasn’t able to take into account their body fat composition, or how much of their overall body weight was made up of fat versus muscle“¦,” she added. “Because many of the thin diabetes patients included in the new study were elderly, they likely had less muscle mass and more fat.”
More than anything, though, Carnethon believes that their findings should alert people that diabetes is not limited to patients who have excess body weight, and that doctors should do more to detect warning signs among leaner patients, especially those who are advanced in years.Results 1 to 7 of 7
Thread: Is this bad?
Is this bad?
Simple newb question. Is it bad to pull the ethernet cable out while connected/while the computer is on? I assume it's not (i've done it for the last 5 years without major problems).
Although one of the ports on our linksys router is bad, and I think another just went. Could that be the reason?'ve done this on occasion and never had a problem, I don't think there should be enough voltage/current to cause a problem.
The first question I would ask about the ports in you router is this the same computer/cable that was hooked up to the other port when it went bad?
At worst it will cause some temporary network addressing problems. The other computers and devices on the network will still think that the computer is connected, and try to send data to it. When it doesn't respond to those packets it will take some time before all of the other devices learn it is down. This isn't really a very big issue though in most cases, especially in small networks.
Not at all, alot of times it's used to troubleshoot issues.15" Macbook Pro, dual 2.16's, 7,200 HDD, 2GB RAM on a glossy screen Win7, Leopard
CoolerMaster Wave, Corsair 750 PSU, Asus Striker 2 Extreme, Intel Q9550, Radeon 4890, 2GB RAM
Media Center:
Antec Case, Antec 450 PSU, DFI Lanparty, Phenom 2, 4GB RAM, Huappage 2250, OCZ SSD, LG Blue Ray, 52" Sharp LCD, Thecus N5200B Pro 7.5 TB NAS, My Movies 2, Total Media Theater 3, Genie Wireless Keyboard.
Originally Posted by skab
Different computers, though both were laptops with a lot of plugging/unplugging of the ethernet cable. It could be a bad cable, which doesn't explain why it would work in 3 of the 4 ports though... agree with the others in that this is not *really* bad. Ports do go bad over time. That's just a fact of life. I doubt that pulling the wire while its on caused the ports to go bad. If so, I think that I would have bad ports on my current network.Core i7-920 @ 3.66 | EVGA X58 SLI | 2x 256 GB Samsung 830 SSD RAID 0 | 1.5 TB WD Green | 24GB DDR3 1600 CAS 8 |GTX 560Ti | Folding
Core i7-920 | Win Vista |Zalman 7000 Cu | DDR3 1333 (6 GB) | 64 GB SATA | 3 x R9 280x Sapphire Toxic | Folding
AMD Athlon II x3 440 @ x4 B40 | Win SBS 2008 | 120 GB | DDR3 1600 (4 GB) | 2 x DVD-DL | 7970| Folding
Core i7-2600 | Win7 | 16 GB DDR3 | 64 GB SSD | 3x Sapphire Dual-X R9-280x | Folding
Xeon E5520 | Asus WS P6T7 | 4x Sapphire Dual-X R9-280x | New folding build.
My Heatware
Fold for team 32.
- Join Date
- Mar 2005
- Location
- Spokane...
No issues in my experience. I do *try* to avoid it though.NORCROSS, Ga.--(EON: Enhanced Online News)--I.B.I.S., Inc. is pleased to announce their customer Upward Sports, was recognized by Microsoft® with a 2010 Microsoft Dynamics Customer Excellence Award for excellence in Ongoing Achievement their Microsoft Dynamics solutions.
Upward Sports was recognized for its strong commitment to Ongoing Achievement. Working with Microsoft Dynamics certified partner I.B.I.S., Inc. of Atlanta, Georgia, Upward Sports delivered on innovation and vision around implementation, business process improvements, and use of technology.
“It is I.B.I.S., Inc.’s goal to help forward thinking organizations like Upward Sports best serve their communities. We are proud to support Upward’s vision to provide the best sports experience possible for every child. Upward Sports is always growing, learning, and pushing the boundaries of what is possible. They are simply a joy to work with,” stated Andy Vabulas, Chief Executive Officer at I.B.I.S., Inc..
About Upward Sports..
Products mentioned in this release are registered trademarks or trademarks of their respective holders.Macau has been a rising tide that's lifted all gaming companies, but this quarter, Las Vegas Sands (NYSE: LVS ) and Wynn Resorts (NASDAQ: WYNN ) have been two big beneficiaries. It's not surprising that Las Vegas Sands has gained share with a prime location on Cotai and Sands Cotai Central now clicking on all cylinders, but Wynn's performance is surprising.
Wynn grew faster than Macau in both the mass and VIP markets, which is surprising considering the fact that it's relegated to the Macau Peninsula, Macau's old gaming area.
Mike Klesta sat down with Fool contributor Travis Hoium to see what we should take away from Wynn and Las Vegas Sands' results and how it will impact neighbors Melco Crown (NASDAQ: MPEL ) and MGM Resorts (NYSE: MGM ) .
Find.Jury: Samsung infringed on Apple's patents
A federal jury on Friday found that Samsung did copy some of Apple's designs for mobile devices and software, ending a three-week trial in San Jose. It awarded damages totalling just over $1 billion, but less than half of what Apple requested.
The jury also found that Samsung's claim that Apple infringed on its patents is invalid.
0
Sounds Like: Theresa Payne takes many of her cues from soul and gospel greats of the past, while adding a generous dose of hip-hop appeal to her music. Although Payne's vocals are just as soft and sweet as can be when appropriate, she's at her best when she's showing off her chops. Her remarkably powerful voice — accented by just the right touch of vibrato — is an absolute pleasure to experience.
Recommended If You Like: Angie Stone, Cece Winans, Jazmine Sullivan
Instrumentation: Bass, drums, keyboard, horns
Crowd Response: Many of the spectators at Lola spent the set positioning themselves to get a better look at Payne as her voice filled the room. The intimate setting was well-suited for the performance, and the crowd responded favorably from beginning to end. The live band made for a neo-soul type of vibe, and the guest appearance by Black Spade provided icing on the cake.
Year Formed: 2008
Influences: Eric Roberson, Black Spade, Musiq Soulchild, Jill Scott
What's one thing you can't live without? "The one thing that I cannot live without is love! Love is the remedy to so many things. It's because of love that I even exist!" says Payne.
Click here to return to the complete list of 2011 RFT Music Awards winners.
Sponsor Content decreased by 9% over the past 3 months. This is 62% lower than the state average of $3,747 and 3% lower than the country average of $2,388.
Trend data coming soon.
The average home price in 07076 is $599,959, which is 20.9% higher than the average sold price in 07076 ($496,439) . The average home price per square foot in 07076 is $202 and about 2% of all homes in 07076 sold in the last 6 months. For 07076 home values, real estate prices, and city market trends, research the 7,187 property records or search our 114 recently sold or 135 homes for sale listings. The listings and properties in 07076 are only a part of the 2,636,602 properties and 65,580 homes for sale in New Jersey. Because of this, the average home price and average home value of 07076 also influence the average home price $147,063 and average sale price $334,668 of New Jersey. Listing counts, 07076 home prices and home values in 0.The College of Mount St. Joseph presented the 2013 Elizabeth Seton Mission Award to Donna Hemberger, associate director of admission and technology at the Mount. The annual award recognizes an outstanding staff member who creates an environment that is supportive of the College, is sensitive to the needs of others and who gives evidence of service to students.
Hemberger has been an employee at the Mount since 1990, when she was an accountant in what is now the fiscal operations office. She then worked as a student administrative services coordinator in the Conlan Center from 1995 to 2002, and has been in her current position since 2002.
Outside of work, Hemberger volunteers for the PTA at her children’s schools, and other various committees, and also enjoys watching them play sports.
She and her husband, Jeff, live in Bridgetown. They have two children.
The College of Mount St. Joseph is an undergraduate and graduate Catholic college that provides an interdisciplinary liberal arts and professional curriculum emphasizing values, service and social responsibility.Product Specs : View (PDF) Here
Description : LA3801 All-In-One System (4GB CF Upgrade, 512MB Memory and WIN XPE) - All 800MHz and 1 GHz configurations of the Logic Controls LA3000 series, LogicTouch All-in-One POS ternimal, are fanless units. Hence LogicTouch is a great fit for retail or hospitality environments where dust or grease may be present or when fan noise is not desirable. For enhanced reliability, LogicTouch's single board computer limits the number of internal cables, a common source of loose connections and failures. A true no-moving-parts operation is provided when compact flash is used for mass storage or boot-from-network configurations are employed. Logic Controls also stands behind the quality of its products by providing a three-year warranty.
Manufacturer : LOGIC CONTROLS
Part Number : log-la3801c4cf512xpeTats Temporary Airbrush Tattoos & Body Painting
However, please check out our featured vendors to help you with Henna, Airbrush & Temporary Tattoos in 90503.
- Based in:
- Based in Torrance,CA
Las Vegas convention vendors! Reach hundreds of convention attendees by having a friendly person airbrushing your logo on the attendees body. Imagine your logo walking around the convention and Las Vegas for days!
Profile
Tats Tattoo started in So. Cal. and now has artists in Las Vegas who specialize in product promotions. It is a fact, Temporary tattoos are a hit, so, why not let it work for you. We make your logo into a stencil for a temporary tattoo. I am always amazed that people will wait in line at a booth just to get a temporary tattoo. Which is what you want, people at your booth, not your competitors booth. This gives your sales staff ample opportunity to pitch your product or to fill out a contact card. After all, that's why you are there, right?
Get on board with the coolest trend happening at conventions everywhere.
A temporary tattoo with your logo sure beats a piece of candy anytime.Towie star Chloe Sims due to come to Romford Waterstone’s to sign autobiography
17:24 20 November 2012
Chloe Sims. Picture: Ian West/PA Wire
PA Wire/Press Association Images
The Only Way Is Essex fans are in for a treat as cast member Chloe Sims comes to Romford this weekend.
Towie star Chloe, 30, will be signing copies of her autobiography The Only Way Is Up at Waterstone’s, in The Liberty, between 11.30am and 1pm on Saturday, November 24.
“My book will reveal the truth about my life for the first time,” she said in a media release. “There have been surprising lows in my life as well as amazing highs and everything I have written comes from the heart.”£225,000
3 bedroom detached bungalow for sale Meadow Drive, LakenheathThis beautifully presented detached bungalow is set towards the end of a popular cul-de-sac in this desired residential area. There is a stylish re-fitted kitchen and en-suite shower plus sealed unit double glazing. This superb detached bungalow should be viewed without delay! More details ›
Added on 15/05/2015 by Chilterns, Mildenhall. Call: 01638 816001 Local call rate
£224,950
3 bedroom semi-detached house for sale Roughlands, Lakenheath, BrandonSituated at the end of an un adopted road this spacious semi detached house has the benefit of 3 double bedrooms and it makes it a great place for the growing family or for somebody just requiring an larger than average home More details ›
£220,000
3 bedroom detached bungalow for sale Meadow Drive, LakenheathSituated within the popular Woodlands Estate. This extended detached bungalow boasts three double bedrooms an impressive 24ft lounge/diner, gardens to front and rear a garage and further parking. Viewings are highly recommended. More details ›
Added on 01/05/2015 by Chilterns, Mildenhall. Call: 01638 816001 Local call rate
£219,995
3 bedroom detached bungalow for sale Birch Crescent, LakenheathThis attractive and extended three bedroom detached bungalow which is set within the sought after Woodlands estate could be your ideal property! With a well manicured garden, re-fitted kitchen and bathroom, garage and off street parking an early viewing is advised! More details ›
Added yesterday by Chilterns, Mildenhall. Call: 01638 816001 Local call rate
Offers in Region of £200,000
3 bedroom detached house for sale Windmill Close, Lakenheath, BrandonSituated in the far corner of this cul-de-sac this well presented FAMILY HOME provides well laid out accommodation and would be IDEAL FOR A GROWING FAMILY. This would also be a superb INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. Viewing is highly recommended. More details ›
£199,995
3 bedroom detached bungalow for sale Covey Way, LakenheathAn established three bedroom detached bungalow benefiting from Oil fired central heating, re-fitted kitchen and bathroom, en-suite, garage and parking, pleasantly situated on this popular development within the well served village of Lakenheath. More details ›
Added on 15/05/2015 by Chilterns, Mildenhall. Call: 01638 816001 Local call rate
£185,000
3 bedroom semi-detached house for sale Wingfield Road, Lakenheath, BrandonThe property is being offered CHAIN FREE and has been extended to provide generous family accommodation. The property has oil fired central heating and sealed unit UPVC glazing More details ›
£185,000
3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow for sale Albert Rolfe DriveA cleverly extended semi-detached bungalow providing deceptively spacious accommodation including three bedrooms, 20' lounge/dining room and luxury kitchen - must be viewed to be fully appreciated. EPC - E. More details ›
Added on 29/04/2015 by Shires Residential, Mildenhall. Call: 01638 816018 Local call rate
£184,950
3 bedroom end of terrace house for sale Eriswell Road, LakenheathA modern and well presented 3 bedroom end terraced house located on this popular and sought after development with easy access of both RAF Lakenheath & RAF Mildenhall . Offered to the market CHAIN FREE! More details ›
Added on 19/02/2015 by Chilterns, Mildenhall. Call: 01638 816001 Local call rate
£182,000
4 bedroom detached bungalow for sale Springfield Drive, LakenheathA FOUR BEDROOM detached property featuring CLEVER LOFT CONVERSION comprising MASTER BEDROOM with DRESSING ROOM and SHOWER ROOM, situated in a pleasant CUL-DE-SAC POSITION and offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. EPC - E. More details ›
Added on 09/02/2015 by Shires Residential, Mildenhall. Call: 01638 816018 Local call rate
Thank you.
Your information has been sent to 0 out of 10 agents who have property to sell in the area you specified.Thursday, October 18, 2012
ALIEN [2003] "DIRECTOR'S CUT"
ALIEN (1979). Director: Ridley Scott.
"This place gives me the creeps."
When Twentieth-Century Fox re-released Alien, they asked director Ridley Scott to prepare a new version incorporating footage that had been excised when the film was first released. Scott complied, but had always liked the original cut, and found the new cut to be too long and lumbering. So he did a final edit and came out with an alternate version that was a minute shorter than the original. But any way, you slice it, this is Alien, and it's good.
The crew of the Nostromo are awakened early by what they assume is a distress signal and land on a foreboding, stormy planet wherein they discover a derelict spaceship with a dead economy-sized navigator [see photo]. In the bowels of the derelict ship they find a mass of strange eggs, one of which unleashes a creature that attaches itself to the faceplate of crewman Kane (John Hurt). Ripley (Sigourney Weaver) is concerned about admitting Kane to the ship due to possible contamination -- it turns out she's right to be concerned -- but compassion overrides directives and Kane is taken to the medical center. From then on it's a mounting spiral of horror as the alien creature proves to be deadly and nearly unkillable. Alien admirably sustains tension throughout and works up a beautifully creepy atmosphere. The acting is good, with the ladies Weaver and Veronica Cartwright (who was in The Birds as a child) taking top honors. H. R. Giger's biomechanical alien design is intriguing and the film has superior art direction and scenic design. Dramatic license allows for the sounds of explosions and so on in space even if the ads claimed "In space no one can hear you scream." Jerry Goldsmith's musical score is a plus.
New scenes include one in which Cartwright gives Weaver a smack in the face and calls her a bitch. And one late in the movie when Ripley comes across cocoons containing some of the crew members, and toasts Captain Dallas (Tom Skerritt) when he begs her to kill him.
Alien was an influential movie, even as it was itself influenced [in script, incident, and design] by such B movies as It, the Terror from Beyond Space! and Mario Bava's Planet of the Vampires. It was followed by Aliens. In 2012 Ridley Scott made a prequel entitled Prometheus.
Verdict: Very well-dressed and absorbing popcorn movie. ***1/2.March 11, 2010 in City
Family mourns bicyclist killed in crash
Humor, generosity, work ethic were key traits of father of six
David Squires had been riding his bike for years. He didn’t drive, and his 18-speed bicycle was the longtime electrician’s way of getting around Spokane.
Squires, 56,,” Fowler said. “Dave wouldn’t want us to be sad.”
Friends sometimes called Squires, a father of six, “Dave, Dave, the electrical slave” because of his work ethic, said Fowler, 24.
A white bicycle sits near the crash site as a memorial to Squires. His family doesn’t know who placed it there. Similar “ghost bikes” have been placed at the scenes of deadly bicycle accidents around the world.
Squires was riding from his home to Dick’s Hamburgers to get a burger for his wife, Christy Fowler, when he was struck by a Dodge pickup turning onto Sprague from northbound Division, Alicia Fowler said.
He fell off his bike and was run over by the truck, which police believe was driven by Scott C. Reckord, 49.
Reckord, who owns Sullivan Scoreboard restaurant in Spokane Valley, faces charges of vehicular homicide and felony hit-and-run after witnesses followed him through downtown after the collision. Police say he failed a sobriety test when he returned to the scene.
Reckord is out of jail on $50,000 bond and is scheduled to be arraigned in Spokane County Superior Court on Monday. He did not return a phone call seeking comment.
Bobby Curtis and her son followed Reckord’s truck, flashing their lights and honking the horn, as her husband, Jeffrey Curtis, gave Squires first aid, police said.
Bobby Curtis “confronted the defendant when they got back to the scene and he denied realizing he had hit anything,” according to court documents.
Squires was pronounced dead at a downtown hospital from skull fractures caused by blunt impact to the head.
Squires was born in South Dakota and raised in Spokane. He graduated from North Central High School in 1971. His mother owned a bar in Spokane Valley; that’s where he met Christy.
“They were soul mates,” Alicia Fowler said. “She’s never been alone in 20 years.”
Christy Fowler, a bartender at Mayfair Restaurant in downtown Spokane, hasn’t returned to work since her husband’s death. Alicia Fowler said she hopes friends can help cheer them up Friday with stories of better times.
Alicia Fowler’s husband is a drummer in the rock band Nighthawk, which will perform at Friday’s benefit. Squires often attended the band’s shows.
Meanwhile, Alicia Fowler is urging her sons to be cautious on their bicycles.
“You always worry about your kids getting hit, but you never think about your father,” she said. “If it can happen to a grown man it can happen to anyone.”San Diego craft brewers featured in new documentary series
Ian Anderson 5 p.m., May 21
"It has to be fresh, you know," the receptionist tells me over the phone. "You can drop it off anytime after 1 o'clock." At 12:59 I'm standing at the counter. Let's get this over with. The glass partition slides to the right.
"Yeah," I stumble. "I had a vasectomy. I need to, um, follow up."
The woman in green hospital scrubs notices the wadded up brown paper bag in my hand and blurts, "Oh, okay. You need a sperm check."
I wince and look over my shoulder. Everyone in the room is pretending to watch TV, but each has an ear bent in my direction. "Uh, yeah," I stammer and hand her the bag.
A few months after a vasectomy is performed they need to check to make sure the tubes are tied, or cauterized, or -- I don't know -- there's a chip clip or some damn thing pinching them off. They have to make sure there are no bullets in the gun.
There I am, 30 people behind me, facing my direction, and I'm handing off the evidence. I've spent the last 17 years hiding anything directly related to the act: Playboys under the mattress, lights off, in a locked room, you know. And here, in a specimen cup, here's the only proof one would ever need.
"Thanks," she says and takes the bag. "You need to write down the time of ejaculation."
Good lord, woman, can't you lower your voice to under operatic range? I cringe and glance back over my shoulder to the waiting room of people. I take the form and write in the timeslot: 12:45 p.m.
I hand her back the clipboard, she holds it up and says, "Oh, that's fresh. Guess we know what you were just doing."
I almost pass out, right there at the counter.
Am I wrong? Am I repressed? Should I have handed the cup over and beamed proudly?
"You can wait over there," she points to a bank of chairs opposite the television. "Watch TV and we'll call your name when we get the results."
I take my seat and crane my neck. Looney Tunes is on, only it's in Spanish. Wile E. Coyote plunges off a cliff and holds up a "Gulp!" sign.
"Mr. Olivieri," she shouts into the room after I've watched 15 minutes of Bugs Bunny y Sus Amigos . She finds me and makes eye contact. "You're sterile, Mr. Olivieri."
Daffy Duck swings a rifle from behind his back; he pulls the trigger, a white flag with a big red "Bang!" written on it unfurls from the barrel.
WHAT I WILL AND WON'T WATCH THIS WEEK
Thursday, October 26
Walker, Texas Ranger
USA 10:00 a.m. When Chuck Norris finds Kenny Rogers, pitcher for the Detroit Tigers, he's going to give him a little lesson on cheating with a Texas roundhouse chop to the neck. When Chuck finds Kenny Rogers, country music superstar, he's going to give him one of the same. Just on principle.
Deal or No Deal
NBC 9:00 p.m. Shut up, knobhead. Here's my deal for you. Stop sucking the art and soul out of America and we'll let you become an Internet celebrity fad, and you'll get a mention on Hollywood Insider 's "Where are they now? Remember that dillhole?" segment.
Friday, October 27
A Salute to Teachers
CA4SD 9:00 p.m. Isn't a salary of 40 grand for nine months of babysitting enough? I've got your salute, right here.
Saturday, October 28
Ice-T's Rap School
VH1 11:30 a.m. Given the right circumstances you have approximately 75 years on earth. That's 657,000 hours, or 1,314,000 half-hours. Why? Why, dear God, would you waste even one of them watching Ice-T teach white suburban kids to rap?
Nostradamus: 500 Years Later
HIST 8:00 p.m. I'd crack a joke about "Who in their right mind would heed the drunken ramblings of an idiot?" but I'd only be alienating my target audience. Maybe I should trade in my tablecloth cape and Lone Ranger mask for a long white beard and purple velvet hood to be recognized as the soothsayer I really am. Finally, some respect.
Sunday, October 29
I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997)
XDTV 8:00 p.m. I told you if you pushed in your bellybutton and made that face all the unicorns would die. Now, look out the window. See the birds, planes, and clouds? Is there one damn horse up there? NO! Woe upon your head. Woe.
Monday, October 30
The Village
FX 4:30 p.m.It's a fake. The creatures are fakes. The elders of a frontier American village keep residents under strict rule by donning costumes and spreading fear. Oh, I hope you've seen the movie. If not, I just gave away the big secret and ruined it for you. Bummer. Oh, and it's not the 19th Century. The village is a hideout from modern times. Oh, no. You haven't seen it. I'm sorry.
Tuesday, October 31
Geraldo at Large
KUSI 8:30 p.m. OooooOOoo! Halloween. Oh, no! Geraldo's mustache is coming for me! It's getting bigger and it's -- ew -- throbbing. I'm so scared. EEEEEE! You laugh now, but when they find my lifeless body covered in Grecian formula and carnauba wax, you'll be cry-cry-crying. Boo-hoo. Geraldo's mustache killed Ollie. Boo-hoo-hoo.
Wednesday, November 1
The Santa Clause
Disney 9:00 p.m. No. Send it back. It's too early. I'm not ready for two months of schmaltz, saccharine sweet sentiment, and "the real meaning of Christmas." Please. I'll do anything. I'll grow my high school mullet back and wear Hammer pants. DAMN YOU! Fine. Let's do it. Let's get it over with. If the jing-jing-jing-a-ling and the glitter and the forest of red and green craft paper get to be more than I can handle, I'll just go back to cutting myself. Hand me the bourbon.
Thursday, November 2
Ugly Betty
ABC 9:00 p.m. I was about to trash this stupid show until I noticed Selma Hayek is in it. God, I love her. She seems like the type who'd stab you with a steak knife because you came home late and smelled like stripper perfume. I'd forgive you, Selma. When I got out of the hospital and you got out of county jail, we could start our new life together; just me, you, and those shirt-stretchers of yours. Oh, Selma.
Or login with:
OpenIDOffice of Planning, Environment, & Realty (HEP)
Planning • Environment • Real Estate
HEP Events Guidance Publications Awards Contacts
Cities of the Future. PriceWatershouseCooper, 2005.
Corrigan, Mary Beth, et al. Ten Principles for Successful Public/Private Partnerships. Washington, D.C.: ULI - the Urban Land Institute, 2005.
Dunphy, Robert, Deborah Myerson, and Michael Pawlukiewicz. Ten Principles for Successful Development Around Transit. Washington, D.C.: ULI - the Urban Land Institute, 2003.
Dychtwald, Ken. Age Power New York: Tarcher, 1999.
Emerging Trends in Real Estate 2006. Washington, D.C.: ULI - Urban Land Institute, 2006.
Haub, Carl. Global and U.S. National Population Trends. U.S. Global Change Research Information Office. Consequences Vol. 1, No. 2, Summer 1995.
Hiemstra, Glen. Turning the Future Into Revenue. New York: John Wiley and Sons, 2006, forthcoming.
How We're Changing: Demographic State of the Nation: 1997. U.S. Department of Commerce, March 1997.
Lachman, M. Leanne. Global Demographics and Their Real Estate Investment Implications. Washington, D.C.: ULI - the Urban Land Institute, 2006.
Morrison, Peter. A Demographic Perspective on Our Nation's Future. Rand Corporation, 2001.
Partnering in Practice: New Approaches to PPP Delivery. PriceWatershouseCooper, 2004.
Real Estate Training Needs Analysis. Federal Highway Administration, March 2001.
Real Property in the New Millennium. U.S. General Services Administration, October 2000.
Ringland, Gill. Scenarios in Public Policy. London: John Wiley and Sons, 2002.
Simmons, Robert. "Public Real Estate Management--Adapting Corporate Practice to the Public Sector."Journal of Real Estate Research, Vol. 8:4, 1993.
Taylor, Melissa, Ph.D, James Carroll, John Seeback, Irakli Khodeli. The Changing Population in the U.S. Babyboomers, Immigrants and Their Effects on State Government. The Council of State Governments: Trends Alert, December 2002.
The 21st Century at Work: Forces Shaping the Future Workforce and Workplace in the United States. U.S. Department of Labor, 2004.
The Importance of Demographic Trends to Housing. U.S Department of Housing and Urban Development. U.S. Housing Market Conditions Summary, First Quarter 2003.
Turning Around Downtown: 12 Steps to Revitalization. Washington, D.C.: ULI - Urban Land Institute, 2005.Clinic will see uninsured children
Pediamed Night Clinic is offering free doctor visits for uninsured children every Saturday at its Northeast location.
The clinic, 9740 Dyer, Suite 112, is open from 6 to 10 p.m. daily. Appointments must be reserved at pediatricnightclinic.com.
Information: 867-4857.
Sierra Providence has free classes
Sierra Providence Health Network is offering a variety of free classes and seminars this week. Information: 577-7746.
Send health news and events to living@elpasotimes.com. Items must be submitted by Wednesday for inclusion in Monday's Living section.There are plenty of ways nowadays to safely and securely transfer big or sensitive data files from one person to another (but alas some that are not so safe). Carrier pigeons mostly went out of fashion after the war so probably aren't really a consideration anymore. Emailing password protected files is one way but hackers lurk everywhere, and zipped files are notoriously easy to break into and it can take ages for mail servers to download big files so emailing is often a bust. There is also a whole multitude of cloud services out there (probably too many to choose from) like dropbox.com, yousendit.com, transferbigfiles.com, wetransfer.com, sendthisfile.com...getting silly now...sendspace.com, objectiveconnect.co.uk, box.com...the list goes on - hell even software like Skype will do it for you. Sometimes though, especially in the corporate world, you just want to look a bit more professional and give a greater appearance, even if it is just superficial, of more security and FTP is one method. FTP is also incredibly useful for transferring files directly to and from a server in order to host images and such the like.
==FTP, I hear you ask?==
I'm sure most people have stumbled across FTP in their lives, but for those that may have not, FTP stands for File Transfer Protocol and in technical terms this is a network protocol operating in a client-server architecture with the server controlling the data connections between itself and the client host, requiring a username and password authentication before allowing data transmission to commence over a TCP-based network, e.g. the Internet. In layman's terms - the server says go for it when you ask permission and lets you either add to or extract from itself. There are different security levels for FTP which can be configured to allow anonymous connections which is very low level security; normal FTP requiring a username and password, and high security with FTPS which uses an SSL/TLS encryption or SFTP which uses the SSH File Transfer protocol. So, you can connect directly to your server and type in some funky commands to run these transfers for you, but that can be overly complicated, and why go through the hassle when there's some perfectly functioning GUI software out there that will work with just a sweep of a mouse?
==FileZilla, no relation to Godzilla (unfortunately)==
FileZilla is an excellent FTP solution to make the process of transferring files fabulously painless with the added bonus of being totally free. Yay. The software can be downloaded from filezilla-project.org and you have the choice of FileZilla Client or FileZilla Server depending on your needs.
===FileZilla Server===
FileZilla Server is designed to create your own server (Windows only though) on a PC allowing you to connect to it from other locations to transfer files. It requires a little bit of hoo-ha to download and install the software, set it up to run as a Windows service with an admin interface and then add authorised Client Users with log in details that will allow them to access your server with either FTP or FTPS encryption only. Then you can easily access this server with some FTP client software...ooh say FileZilla Client. In the real world though, FileZilla Server is probably a bit limited as it can only be run on Windows and has no web hosting capabilities so depending on your requirements you can use some kind of online cloud service like Dropbox.com for file transfers or any number of web hosting companies or cloud servers for a small monthly fee which would be a whole lot more convenient than creating your own home version. However, if you have a server already in place that you need to connect to, the FileZilla Client comes in to its own as one of the most stable and intuitive pieces of software out there.
===FileZilla Client===
FileZilla Client is supremely easy to download, install and set up. To download the software simply hop on to filezilla-project.org and click on the giant Download FileZilla Client box which will allow you to choose your operating system for Windows, Linux or Mac. I'm still a Windows user even though they're trying to convert me over to Mac at work, so to install on Windows all you need to do is save the .exe file, run it, agree to the Ts & Cs that I'd bet £1,000 you didn't read, choose your installation option, e.g. all users or just yourself having access, choose your components to install, choose the path location and start up menu name and then in about 20 seconds it is all installed and ready to go. When you open the software you are confronted with a split screen of two windows - the left side giving you the directory tree for your local machine e.g. your C drive or an external hard drive which you can explore in a similar fashion to Window's explorer and on the right you can see the directory tree for whatever sever you connect to. Then to transfer files in either direction you can simply drag and drop from one window the other and the transfer will automatically begin with no muss and no fuss.
===The Main Facilities:===
1. You have the option to enter a quick host location e.g. ftp@hostserver.com, a username and a password and make a quick connection or you can store regular connections with the Site Manager function (choosing from FTP or SFTP protocols) which will allow you to just simply open the connection each time without having to re-enter the details. Once you try to make a connection there is, by default, a message log which will display green messages if you were successful or red if you were denied so it is pretty obvious when you have a successful connection which is handy.
2. You can open up multiple tabs meaning you can connect to more than one server or have multiple connections to the same server in one session.
3. You can set bookmarks for directories you regularly visit for both a local site e.g. C:\Users\YourName\My Documents or for your remote server which might resemble something like /var/sftp/DirectoryName/ to make it quicker to navigate around your system.
4. You can configure your working environment to adjust such things as: your FTP mode (passive or active); your transfer speeds and number of consecutive files allowed; the rules for overwriting files with the same name; the layout design which by default is Classic but could be Explorer, Widescreen or Blackboard, though for me Classic works perfectly well; the formatting for the date/time; the filesize display e.g. in bytes or with binary prefixes or in decimal prefixes; the language and which file editor to use; how often the software checks for updates plus a few more complicated and technological savvy settings that mean nothing to me.
5. You can search a directory of a remote server for files and paths containing or not containing, matching, beginning or ending with, or matching a regular expression of a user specified input or searching for files of a certain size or creation date range which will return a list allowing you to download which ever files you find saving you the bother of manually searching.
==My Experiences with FileZilla Client==
I only use this software at work for both uploading to and downloading from our work server, as well as for uploading to and downloading from another server we use to offer space to our clients for their data transfers and I find it incredibly easy to use and have no real complaints. Connecting to a server or a client user on that server is really simple as all you need are the hostname, username and password and it takes a few seconds to create a new connection with them which you can test before use and then reuse time and time again which makes the whole procedure incredibly quick. Being able to use bookmarks also saves time, although I tend to just paste my local paths in directly which works just as well, and I find that bookmarks for me are more useful on the remote side.
The entire concept of drag and drop I'm sure is so familiar for all Window's users that this is just an incredibly intuitive piece of software, although the inherent issues of drag and drop which include accidentally moving files to different folders still exists so you do need to take a little care that your motor functions are working and you drop where you intend to. Also double clicking on a file will start a transfer to whatever server you are connected to, so it is also incredibly easy to unintentionally transfer the wrong file whilst trying to navigate through the directory tree with some twitchy mouse use which would be bad if you are playing about with sensitive client data and sending it to the wrong client so some quality control is potentially required in certain situations.
The transfer speed is obviously dependent on the bandwidth allowed for each server, so is nothing to do with FileZilla Client itself, but for me our work server can be very slow on large files, especially if I'm transferring multiple ones at the same time so I often find myself fiddling with the settings to try to improve things which can be frustrating. In fact I find I often have to zip these large files up to make it workable and then the only way to unzip them in my case is to connect directly to the server via a command terminal using the SSH tunnelling protocol and use the unzip filename.zip command to unzip on the server side since FileZilla Client cannot offer a GUI command to do this, so that is one tiny little niggle that adds on a little time to a large transfer. One good thing though is that FileZilla often can recover if a connection is temporarily lost and resume the transfer from when it was lost so you won't find yourself constantly restarting transfers if suffering an unstable connection. Also, if you find an upload taking too long or was done in error you can easily stop and remove the transfer, though it will leave an incomplete version of the file where you were transferring to so you will have to remember to remove it if the file is no longer needed.
From a user point of view I have not personally noticed any bugs so I'd say this is a very stable piece of software but there is an excellent online documentation area which provides tutorials and user guides as well as online forums to seek help and advice if you do hit any snags, and when you do get new updates through it is so simple to download the latest .exe file and run it which will simply update all the files it needs to before opening up your FileZilla Client back in the same state it was in before leaving your settings unaffected which is handy. So all in all, for me FileZilla Server for the server side of things probably will only have a limited use and my lack of experience with it means I cannot recommend it either way though I suspect there are better solutions out there, but FileZilla Client for the client side of things, considering it is free, is probably as good as any software out there for your FTP needs due to the stable and intuitive nature of the software, the ease of setting up your connections and the comprehensive help available online. Since using FileZilla I have no desire to look for any other solution which I think speaks volumes.
There are many different freeware FTP programmes available on websites such as download.com and I've tried out quite a few of them over the years and I must admit there's not much difference in quality between them, but FileZilla has always been my favourite.
FTP programmes are used by website designers and developers to transfer pages, images and other website parts to and from the server, where the website is hosted.
The interface and design of the software makes using it straightforward. In the left hand pane you'll see the files stored on your computer and on the right you'll see the files on the website server that you are connected to.
At the top is a log which gives you information about your connection to the server and if you lose connection or there's any other problems. At the bottom is the the list of files in your queue, if you are uploading or downloading multiple files. If you don't want to include some files, these can be disabled one by one.
I've never had any problems with this software. One reason for my continued use of it is that it has never crashed on me. Other FTP programmes have crashed when handling a large number of files, where as this one copes well. If you close the programme or lose connection, it remembers the progress of your download/upload queue and lets you continue where you left, rather than starting all over again which is very handy on slow connections or if you are using a large number of files.
FileZilla is an FTP program that allows you to transfer files from your local machine onto a webserver (and vice-versa). It is used by website developers (like me) to upload their websites for the world to see.
FileZilla is free to use and can be downloaded from:. The download is under 4mb so won't take long at all. Installation is quick and easy - simply follow the prompts!
When loaded, you will have to enter a few details about your web server in order to connect to it. These are just the usual (hostname, username and password) which your web host should have told you. Once you've added the details, click on Connect and FileZilla will connect to the server. You'll now see that the window is split up into 2 panes: on the left are the files stored on your computer, on the right are the files on the web server. To transfer files from one computer to another, simply select the files and drag them from pane to pane. FileZilla will warn you if you're about to overwrite any files, so make sure you take note of any messages you see!
Transfer times vary depending on your net connection and server speed, but overall I've found them to be pretty good. You can save as many website connections as you like, meaning you can connect to a server in a couple of clicks rather than typing the information in each time. Helpfully, you can also export your list of sites to use on another computer (File > Export).
That's about it really. FileZilla is a free FTP program that's invaluable to me, as I'd be lost without it! There are a couple of bugs I've noticed... it can sometimes take a long time to start-up and on one occasion it lost all my passwords, but that was quite a while ago now. For free, you can't really ask for much more!The Columbia Gorge at Cascade Locks is under the threat of corporate destruction. Nestle corporation has decided that they want to control the water. And the place where Nestle wants to put their bottling plant is at Cascade Locks.
Tuesday, June 26th at 4pm
Terry Schrunk Plaza
Southwest Madison Street
Portland, OR 97204
It is vitally important that corporations do not corner the access to fresh water supplies. With this move in the Columbia Gorge and recent efforts in Michigan shows that Nestle is trying to access the largest freshwater sources. Not only will placing a manufacturing plant in this geological wonder cause a loss to our national wealth. It places precious resources in the hands of a corporation with a history of placing profits over not only people but the environment.
Keep Nestle Out of the Gorge Rally!Facebook
Tuesday, June 26th at 4pm
We need to tell Governor Kitzhaber: Either you stand with Oregonians or you stand with Nestlé!
Bark Hike April 2012Stand in solidarity with a diverse coalition of groups and over 30,000 Oregonians who are demanding that Kitzhaber protect our water from a Nestlé water bottling plant in the scenic Columbia River Gorge! Join us for activities for all ages, music, special guest speakers, to add your own message to our banner and much more.
Guest speakers include:
Terry Swier – an activist involved with a group famous for fighting Nestlé’s damaging water bottling in Michigan.
Jeff Cogan, Multnomah County Chair
Sister Brigid Baumann, from Sisters of the Holy Names
And locals from Cascade Locks and the Gorge who don’t want Nestlé bottling water in their backyard.
There is a petition at the link below:.Mt. Hood:
H/T to Cedwyn:H/T to Cedwyn:
If you have a question or comment about Nestlé Waters North America Inc., please feel free to send us a note at:
Nestlé Waters North America
Attention: Media Contact
900 Long Ridge Road
Building 2
Stamford, CT 06902-1138
or call:
203-863-0111
Weekdays from 8:30 AM to 5:30 PM Eastern Time.
Comment PreferencesJames Bond
Bond Girl: Re-Watching and Re-Evaluating You Only Live Twice
You Only Live Twice is one of those Bond movies that I wound up liking more that I felt like I should. The return to Sean Connery is marked by familiar annoying tropes and I was plenty steamed as I livetweeted my experience watching the film on Thursday, but I still came away from it with some seriously positive feelings.
Bond Girl: Re-Watching and Re-Evaluating Casino Royale (1967)
RAAAGE.
Bond Girl: Re-Watching and Re-Evaluating Thunderball
I kind of had to like Thunderball. Come on! It combines (and quite possibly, may have created) several of my favorite supervillain tropes. You have the shark tank, the cadre of evil villains, and their incompetent henchmen making their plans for world domination just a little more difficult. It's over the top in several places and boring in others, but I've got to say that getting into the movie was super easy.
Bond Girl: Re-Watching and Re-Evaluating Goldfinger
Bond Girl: Re-Watching and Re-Evaluating From Russia With Love
SPECTRE status..
Idris Elba Re-Schedules the Apocalypse, Says Any Chance He Had of Playing James Bond is Gone
Fancasting never dies.
Bond Girl: Re-Watching and Re-Evaluating Dr. No
Part one of a new series!
Things We Saw Today: Hugh Jackman Geeks Out Over Marvel’s Spider-Man News
"Wow. Wow. Wow."
Here Are All the Netflix Titles We’re Gaining and Losing Come February
Say goodbye to this face.
Things We Saw Today: Exodus Is Banned In Egypt For Inaccuracies
Weeeellll
Things We Saw Today: The Batgirl Cosplay Bar Has Been Raised Exponentially
She is vengeance. She is bedazzled.
Things We Saw Today: Groot Is Super-Buff In This New Avengers Variant Cover
All that dancing really paid off.
Things We Saw Today: Blink and Kitty Get Days of Future Past Posters
Things We Saw Today.
David Tennant Talks About Doctor Working With Doctor For Who’s 50th Anniversary
Wibbly Wobbly Timey Wimey StuffConsidering the technical aspects of being a Time Lord, it's not every day you get to face another version of yourself. But that's exactly what we'll see in the Doctor Who 50th anniversary special in November. Hear what 10th Doctor David Tennant had to say recently about playing against his successor, Matt Smith. 
Man Building Aston Martin via 3D Printer, Rest of Us Feeling Inadequate
Coming up: Specifically watered-down martini, seductive femme fatale, or exploding pen?
Go Vroom Vroom Splish Splash Like a Super Spy, James Bond’s Submarine Car is Up For Auction
How else are you going to get to your secret underwater base?
Do you wish your car could drive underwater? You probably don't, but if that's something you've dreamed about you can make it a reality for a price. The submarine car from the James Bond movie The Spy Who Loved Me is going up for auction in September. It's the only one of it's kind, and yes -- you can really drive it underwater.
First Look at Fleming, the BBC Miniseries Based on the Author of James Bond [Video]
Starring Howard Stark, Irene Adler, and John Myers..The report notes that the ease and speed of online verbal bullying and its distribution require some imposition of penalties for regular offenders, particularly in the context of those who drive someone to commit suicide. This bill establishes a civil enforcement regime, and will amend Section 179 of the Crimes Act to create a new offence, "incitement to suicide." It is intended to provide effective remedies and proportional responses to instances of cyberbullying which will compell abusers to take down destructive online content, cease harmful conduct and publicise the identities of perpetrators. It is intended to encompass all digital communications and will be assisted in its enforcement and implementation by a suitable information technology expert. Clause 19 of the proposed bill defines what what is meant by harm, establish due penalties, assess the factors involved and amend the Harrassment Act 1997, the Human Rights Act 1993 and the Privacy Act 1993. Read more.- About MacNews
- Forums
- News
- Category Reviews
- Archives
- Advertising
- User/Login
- Tech Support
- Connect Tools
Smaato (), a mobile ad optimizer and mobile advertising company has revealed its latest metrics to the global, mobile advertising market. It says Apple devices have dipped below the average Index of 100 and Windows Mobile has edge ahead of its rival for the first time -- though not universally.
The February metrics of Smaato show the worldwide CTR Index (click through rate) by operating system, the fill rates of mobile ad networks worldwide and for the USA as well as the worldwide ad network response time. With these Metrics Smaato has unveiled for the first time the CTR Index by operating system and the fill rates for South-East Asia.
Smaato’s metrics are based upon 35 mobile ad networks and over four billion ad requests served in the Smaato network of more than 3000 registered mobile publishers in February. The metrics show two strong performing networks with 90% and 87% fill rates. The average fill rate (32%) is considerably higher compared to that of India’s (8%), revealed in January, demonstrating large differences across the Asian market and the value to developers of optimization and aggregation services.
The iPhone and iPod touch dominates the region with a CTR Index of 164 followed by Symbian (127) and Android (124), while Windows Mobile is bottom of the table with 56. The CTR Index shows a smaller gap between different platforms than in January. Smaato Metrics show average worldwide ad network fill rates remains constant at 29% like in January 2010.This has been such an amazing year, truly. After more than a decade, I have a brand new historical romance due to be released on January 15th (my son’s birthday and MLK Day, so this is just one more excuse for me to celebrate!).
But as successful as this year has been, it started out in a very meager place. Through the years, I feel I’ve grown—not just as a writer, but as a person and what that meant to me is that I could no longer carry on making decisions that went against my personal philosophies, just because they were easy, or because I was comfortable. I’ll refrain from providing examples, because the decisions I have made really aren’t and shouldn’t be a judgment call for what might be right for someone else. Those things just weren’t right for me any longer, and the biggest of these had to do with a shift in my career. In short, I took a leap of faith that took me not just to a new hometown—one that was far different from any I’ve been accustomed to—but to a new objective that included getting back to something I love: writing stories that hopefully make people smile at the end of the day.
In short, here I am, after a yearlong rekindled love affair with both my readers and my career as a novelist. Along the way, I’ve had to really look closely at what I was willing to do, or not to do, in order to find success again, and, really, about how I define success in general. Part of the driving force behind wanting to write new books under my own imprint is the simple fact that I’m in control. I love being in the driver’s seat. I love having a hand in the covers that end up on my books and I love the very personal interaction I have with my readers. I also love the fact that I can give back to my community for all the things I’m thankful for—not the least of which includes my family.
Which brings me to … one of the amazing people I’m most thankful for in my life is a very special young man, who lives with autism. He challenges me to take a closer look at the way I view the world. While I wasn’t with his parents for the majority of their journey, I know it’s been a long road. And through my stint as Editorial Director at a Dallas special-needs magazine, I’ve become aware of how many families are now touched by autism. So my way of being thankful this year is to help provide a little relief for these parents through the sales of HIGHLAND FIRE. From December 1 (when the pre-order becomes available) until January 15, 2014, I will donate a percentage of all sales to a local charity that provides special programs and help for families who live with autism. The details are still being ironed out, and will be available soon. So thank you, my dear readers, from the bottom of my heart! Happy holidays to each and every one of you!
This just totally warmed my heart.
BLACK
TOAD
Real Name: Chuck McArthur
Identity/Class: Normal human (World War II era)
Occupation: Baseball manager
Group Membership: Brooklyn Badgers (Adams, Diraggio)
Affiliations: Brooklyn Badgers, Charlie, Rocco, unnamed thugs
Enemies: Brooklyn Badgers (Adams, Diraggio), Bucky (James Buchanon Barnes), Captain America (Steven Rogers), Bernard Riggley
Known Relatives: None
Aliases: Toad, Toadman
Base of Operations: Brooklyn, New York, USA
First Appearance: Captain America Comics#7/2 (October, 1941)
Powers/Abilities: The Black Toad was armed with a blowgun that shot poisonous darts. He was always accompanied by Charlie, Rocco and other thugs who were all armed with submachine guns.
History: (Captain America Comics#7/2 (fb) - BTS) - Chuck McArthur, manager of the baseball team the Brooklyn Badgers, leads the team to the best record in the league.
(Captain America Comics#7/2) - Chuck went to the Badgers' owner Bernard Riggley, and asked to buy a part of the team. Riggley refused, and Chuck muttered threats as he walked away. Chuck planed to ruin the team, which would force Riggley to sell them to him cheap. That night Chuck disguised himself as the Black Toad and hid under the baseball field's grandstand during the Badgers game against the Blue Sox. The Toad used his blowgun to kill Adams and Diraggio, two of the Badgers star players. Captain America and Bucky were present at the game, and ferreted out the Black Toad. The Toad's henchmen knocked the heroes out, allowing the Toad to escape. The next day Captain America and Bucky replaced two of the Badgers at a night game. This drew the Black Toad's attention, and he tried unsuccessfully to kill Cap with a baseball rigged with a bomb. The Toad then killed Riggley, and his thugs ambushed Cap and Bucky. After a brief battle the Black Toad fled to the grandstand's roof. Cap easily beat him and unmasked him. After explaining his dastardly plot, the Black Toad leapt off the roof to his death, unwilling to face justice.
The date of Spring, 1941 is defined by George Olshevsky in the Marvel Comics Index Series.
Black Toad appeared in a dream sequence in Captain America Comics#18 (September, 1942) where he helped the Black Talon against Cap and Bucky. Information from Michigan State University Libraries
The Brooklyn Badgers and the Blue Sox are Marvel analogs of the Brooklyn Dodgers and the Boston Red Sox.
Black Toad's costume resembled the DC character Batman much more than a toad. Toads don't have ears, do they?
Rob "Spirit of '76" Flick informs us that "In the Lee-Kirby fill-in issue, Captain America#112, from 1968 or so (in-between Steranko issues, I believe), the infamous Black Toad is shown in flashback as one of Captain America's early villains. In the one-panel scene, however, he is given the name, Toadman, for whatever reason...perhaps so as not to confuse him with other Toads that were hopping around Marvel comics at the time. Black Toad/ Toad/ Toadman sure had an identity crisis!
Another point I want to make concerns his oft-mentioned resemblance to Batman. If you pull out the original story again, and look at each instance where the Toad is referred to by name, you will obviously see that the name was changed after the story had been pencilled and lettered. In each case, the name "Toad" is written by another letterer and squeezed into a space that had been taken up by only three letters. It becomes apparent that the villain was intended to be called the "Bat", thus making even more of a connection to the baseball theme.
Obviously, the
editor(s) made a last-minute decision
to change the "Bat" to the "Toad", and thus one of Marvel's early
schizophrenic
villains was created!" Presumably
this name change
was done to avoid potential litigation problems with the owners of
Batman,
over at what was later to become the Distinguished Competition. - Loki
If Marvel ever brings him back, they can
ret-con the name by
claiming he had been expelled from a certain southwestern college
baseball
team (named the Horned Toads). Hence, his hatred of baseball, in
genereal.
And, his obsessive animosity for a now-major league ex-classmate. Just
a
thought! :)
---carycomix
PROFILE BY FUTURE, date of story provided by Snood
CLARIFICATIONS: Not to be confused with:
Brooklyn Badgers
Adams, Bill Rickey, Diraggio, Myers, Chuck McArthur manager, others unnamed. They went on a twelve game unbeaten streak until the Black Toad killed Adams and Diraggio in their unlucky thirteenth game. Captain America and Bucky substituted for Bill Rickey and Myers as pitcher and catcher in their next game.
--Captain America Comics#7/2
Bernard Riggley
Owner of the Brooklyn Badgers. He suspected Chuck McArthur would retaliate against the team after he refused to sell a piece of them to Chuck. When the murders started happening he correctly guessed that Chuck was the Black Toad. He was about to tell Captain America, but was killed by a blowdart before he could finish his sentence
--Captain America Comics#7/2
images:
Captain America Comics#7/2, p11, pan1;
Last updated: 12/28
Read - and weep - tho' it's exceptional by UK standards as well
Read - and weep - tho' it's exceptional by UK standards as well
Organising the Kids Saturday Bike Club since 1998 /
This is great! I can't believe how many moms I see drive their middle school kids to the bus stop (my commute time coincides with the middle school bus route)Concerned About Privacy? The BlackPhone 2 Is For You
Android has a privacy problem. Not only is there an issue with the way that apps handle permissions, but your apps (including Google’s) are likely spying on you and collecting your data 
Android has a privacy problem. Not only is there an issue with the way that apps handle permissions, but your apps (including Google’s) are likely spying on you and collecting your data 
Love going on roadtrips? We sure do. Problem is, when you’re driving for hours and hours you will inevitably start getting drowsy. So what’s one to do? Sure you could drink coffee, 
Whoops! It looks like LG has accidentally unveiled its upcoming flagship phone, the LG G4, a little bit early. On the software side, the new LG G4 will be featuring LG’s custom 
Mini is unveiling a cool new product at China’s Auto Shanghai Show and it’s not a car. The Mini Augmented Vision goggles are, as the name implies, a pair of augmented reality 
When you hear “action camera” you probably think of GoPro. That doesn’t mean that there aren’t a ton of other action cameras that are just as capable and probably cheaper, though. One 
These days everyone and their mother is developing a virtual reality headset. With so many choices, how does one stand out in a hyper-competitive market filled with “me too” products? The answer 
Don’t want to wear a nerdy looking wristband? We don’t blame you. Shouldn’t tracking your fitness information be as simple as wearing a hat? Well, thanks to the LifeBeam Smart Hat it 
Interested in smart home automation? You’ll probably want to look into Wink, at just $80 this smart hub uses WiFi, Bluetooth, ZigBee, Z-wave and Lutron ClearConnect protocols in order to interface with 21st April 2006 Archive
Browse by publication date, or search the site.
Blu-ray another Betamax - MS Xbox exec
HD DVD support news coming at E3
Toshiba tweaks Gigabeat P players
New colours and more
Oracle CEO gets strategic with Red Hat name calling
Sub zero relations
Something might happen at Sun some day - WSJ
Or. Maybe not
Subversion on Demand
Differently risky
Sun streaks ahead in open source DRM and CAS
DReaM to come true?
US consumers pump up Nokia profits
Bullish forecast for '06
Financial News 21 07:02
'Free' txts a go go
Hotxt rival opens doors
Newcastle strikes schools IT deal
Leans on Dell
Climate change outlook clarified
New study says very large warming 'unlikely'
Seagate readies 750GB desktop hard drive
Barracuda boost
Japan offered micro Mac Mini rival
Third Wave launches compact desktop
Microsoft and Autodesk infringed patents, jury rules
z4 Technologies awarded $133m
IO Data preps pricey Blu-ray Disc writers
Drives support all CD, DVD, BD formats, though
PC market continues solid growth
Dell still head of the pack
Sapphire renames water-cooled graphics card
Drops 'Blizzard', adopts 'Toxic'
Mobile phone shipments to hit 1bn in 2006
Nokia and Motorola swallow even more of the market
Enterprise software vendors jump on the Express bandwagon
Good news for the mid market
RCA HD DVD player due 18 May
So says Wal-Mart
US sees record jump in e-ad revenues
How nice
Financial News 21 10:03
Panasonic to ship Blu-ray writer in June
Doesn't come cheap
BOFH: Interview with a CEO
Witnesses, what witnesses?
Netgear Wi-Fi Skype phone to ship June?
US buyers get $250 pre-order offer
China poised to pinch US spam crown
Junk mail relay countries named and shamed
Rivals want to invest in Australia's broadband network
What's that, Skippy? Telstra not happy?
Financial News 21 11:05
HTC 'Star Trek' to lift off on 10 May
Qtek 8500 gets ship date
Dimension Data share deal
R&V cash a big bond
The Channel 21 11:10
Probe reveals three ages of Mars
Zoning in on life
419ers one digit short of a conspiracy theory
The neighbour of the beast
Scots founded first cybercafe in 1751
Startling photographic evidence
HP Compaq nx6125 biometric laptop
AMD's Turion gets its first HP business notebook outing
German court rules moderators liable for forum comments
Lawyers on the edge
Testing assumptions and the big stack
Oracle hopes on testing as the SOA stack is built
Adult film industry trials burnable content
Pay to groan
Financial News 21 13:52
Switching LLU ISPs to be made easier
Easier, not easy
Virus writers get into cyber-extortion
'Pay up or you'll never see your data again'
Readers battle botnets for control of planet Earth
Apocalypse Now
Trekkies to enjoy 11th Star Trek film
Kirk and Spock resurrected
IBM boffins develop new, stronger name for x86 servers
Itanic out, Opteron in
What the hell has happened to you cretinous journalists?
419 + 420 = anger
CASE becomes ALM and consolidates
Developing on a legacy
Vendors left waiting on ID scheme details
'Market soundings', little consultation
Your Nokia phone catches the dog raiding the dustbin
Mobile stealthcam
IP telephony goes mainstream
Ch-ch-ch-changes
Start-up could kick Opteron into overdrive
Plug in a Flip Chip
People more drunk at weekends, researchers discover
It's science, Jim, but not as we know itImage data points to this snap being taken by an Apple employee with an iPhone 5.
iPhone 5 silly season has been up and running for what feels like months. And now the latest, inevitable rumour to emerge surrounding Apple’s new phone has landed online: an image (seen here) taken using the iPhone 5’s snap, reportedly taken by an Apple engineer and unearthed by PocketNow, has been cropped to 2235x2291. But the pic’s EXIF data reveals that the original shot was taken using an 8 megapixel camera, fitting in neatly with rumours about the camera’s sensor size.
Word is the image proves that the iPhone 5’s camera has an aperture to match a decent point-and-shoot compact, making this undoubtedly one of the new iPhone’s biggest features.
The iPhone 5 is expected to be released at the start of October. Tell us what you think about this latest rumour on our Facebook and Twitter pages.
Apple iPhone 5 video: rumour update
Source:T3 Tech Videossabre industries jobs
EHS Specialist, Safety
Sabre Industries- Sioux City , IA
Responsibilities: Assist in developing and coordinating training manuals and working with all levels of the organization for specific details, when necessary Prepare and update...14 days ago from Glassdoor
Sabre Travel Consultant (Virtual or Any U.S. office)
Frosch- Houston , TX
has created an opportunity for a full-time Sabre Travel Consultant to join FROSCH’s ... Requirements/Qualifications: Recent, native GDS experience on Sabre...4 days ago from ZipRecruiter
Travel Agent Air Supervisor (Amadeus or Sabre Experience required)
Forest Travel Agency- Miami , FL
Programs Arrange and coordinate meetings Sabre & Amadeus experience Dynamic, action oriented Work well under pressure Attention to detail Excellent listening, communications and...6 days ago from Get Travel Agent Jobs
Heavy Equipment Operator
Sabre Industries- Alvarado , TX
Responsibilities: Unloading inbound shipments and moving product to storage locations. Efficiently stocks and stores materials in appropriate areas. Pulls and prepares product for...14 days ago from Glassdoor
-
Quality Assurance Analyst with Travel Industry experience/GDS (remoteNEW
Cook Systems Int'l- Dallas , TX
COOK SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL has an IMMEDIATE need for a Quality Assurance Analyst with ... Distribution System" experience including Magellan, Abacus, Galileo, Amadeus or...1 day ago from Dice
Senior Marketing Manager - Sabre Dev Studio
Sabre- Southlake , TX
agency customers. GENERAL DESCRIPTION: The Sabre Dev Studio team (developer.sabre.com) ... the Marketing strategy for Sabre Dev Studio. Sabre Dev Studio is the go-to place where...9 days ago from Jofdav
-
Travel Reservation & Fulfillment Specialist - Sabre
Mexigodeals.com- New York , NY
Travel Reservation and Fulfillment Specialist Live Chat / Phone Call / Sabre RedWorkSpace ... Refunds & Ticketing flight tickets through Sabre RedWorkSpace environment.- Provide...14 days ago from Get Travel Agent Jobs
Senior Financial Analyst (USMC SABRS experience needed)
Rexhame Group- Arlington , VA
Company Description: Rexhame Group LLC is a results-oriented management consulting and technology solutions company. We deliver financial management and program management...9 days ago from ZipRecruiter
-
-
- Full time 952
- Permanent 944
- Part time 15
- Internship 14
- Temporary 3
- Contract 1
- See more >
- Some High School 3
- High School 348
- Some College 6
- Associate's Degree 51
- Bachelor's Degree 490
- Master's Degree 19
- Doctorate 2
- Professional 21
- See more >
- 0 - 2 years 64
- 2 - 5 years 120
- 5 - 7 years 59
- 7 - 10 years 26
- 10 - 15 years 21
- 15+ years 4
- See more >
-
- Exclude Job Boards 494
- Job Boards Only 468
-/* Definitions file for GNU Emacs running on Silicon Graphics 3.5 Copyright (C) 1987. */ /* * Define symbols to identify the version of Unix this is. * Define all the symbols that apply correctly. */ #define USG #define USG5 #define IRIS /* SYSTEM_TYPE should indicate the kind of system you are using. It sets the Lisp variable system-type. */ #define SYSTEM_TYPE "irix" /* nomultiplejobs should be defined if your system's shell does not have "job control" (the ability to stop a program, run some other program, then continue the first one). */ #define NOMULTIPLEJOBS /* Default is to set interrupt_input to 0: don't do input buffering within Emacs */ /* #define INTERRUPT_INPUT */ /* Letter to use in finding device name of first pty, if system supports pty's. 'a' means it is /dev/ptya0 */ #define FIRST_PTY_LETTER 'a' /* * Define HAVE_TERMIO if the system provides sysV-style ioctls * for terminal control. */ #define HAVE_TERMIO /* * Define HAVE_PTYS if the system supports pty devices. */ #define HAVE_PTYS /* Define HAVE_SOCKETS if system supports 4.2-compatible sockets. */ #define HAVE_SOCKETS /* * Define NONSYSTEM_DIR_LIBRARY to make Emacs emulate * The 4.2 opendir, etc., library functions. */ /* #define NONSYSTEM_DIR_LIBRARY */ /* Define this symbol if your system has the functions bcopy, etc. */ #define BSTRING /* */ /* We use the Berkeley (and usg5.2.2) interface to nlist. */ #define NLIST_STRUCT /* The file containing the kernel's symbol table is called /vmunix. */ #define KERNEL_FILE "/vmunix" /* The symbol in the kernel where the load average is found is named _avenrun. */ #define LDAV_SYMBOL "_avenrun" /* Special hacks needed to make Emacs run on this system. */ /* * Make the sigsetmask function go away. Don't know what the * ramifications of this are, but doesn't seem possible to * emulate it properly anyway at this point. */ #define sigsetmask(mask) /* Null expansion */ /* The IRIS defines SIGIO in signal.h, but doesn't implement it. */ #undef SIGIO #define LIBS_MACHINE -lbsd -ldbm -lPW #define C_SWITCH_MACHINE -I/usr/include/bsd /* setjmp and longjmp can safely replace _setjmp and _longjmp, but they will run slower. */ #define _setjmp setjmp #define _longjmp longjmp /* On USG systems the system calls are interruptible by signals that the user program has elected to catch. Thus the system call must be retried in these cases. To handle this without massive changes in the source code, we remap the standard system call names to names for our own functions in sysdep.c that do the system call with retries. */ #define read sys_read #define open sys_open #define write sys_write #define INTERRUPTIBLE_OPEN #define INTERRUPTIBLE_IO /* On USG systems these have different names */ #define index strchr #define rindex strrchr /* USG systems tend to put everything declared static into the initialized data area, which becomes pure after dumping Emacs. Foil this. Emacs carefully avoids static vars inside functions. */ /* #define static */ /* Compiler bug bites on many systems when default ADDR_CORRECT is used. */ #define ADDR_CORRECT(x) (int)((char *)(x) - (char*)0) /* some errno.h's don't actually allocate the variable itself */ #define NEED_ERRNO /* The symbol FIONREAD is defined, but the feature does not work. */ #define BROKEN_FIONREAD /* This is how to get the device name of the tty end of a pty. */ #define PTY_TTY_NAME_SPRINTF \ sprintf (ptyname, "/dev/ttyq%d", minor (stb.st_rdev));..
Nokia won't abandon its own platforms, Symbian and MeeGo, yet. The company still plans to put out a "MeeGo-related" product later this year, it said.
Nokia chief executive Stephen Elop welcomes Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer with a handshake at a Nokia event in London
With the.
Send news tips and comments to mikael_ricknas@idg.comAlaska USA CEO Resigns From CUNA Mutual Board
William Eckhardt, a CUNA Mutual Board member since 2005 and president/CEO of Alaska USA Federal Credit, has resigned from the director post ahead of a planned "competing" business venture in the insurance area, it was announced Friday.
In a departing statement, Eckhardt said he was one of CUNA Mutual's strongest advocates but chose against seeking re-election to the CUNA Mutual board seat in light of "anticipated business obligations" at his Anchorage CU involving personal insurance services..They should bring back Clive Pearse, he's a lot more entertaining than this try hard Tanika or whatever her name is. Last year was the worst ever season with the women vs. men and I think we never got individual challenges until the finale. It was major suckage. I think the guy who painted the room orange should have gone (and why would you put the word RELAX in an orange painted room?) Are these really designers or just wannabes? The girl who left may have a grandma taste in her style and has workmanship issues but the guy who was in the bottom 2 with her, aside from painting the room orange, decorated their shelves with an ugly robot?!
I really think that every season should start with the white box challenge. It's by far the favorite of most viewers because we all get to see the styles of each designer and pretty much you can tell who are the really talented ones.To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
.
f your average computer newbies were forced to install it themselves, like most people do Linux, they'd just as, or even more, lost.
No kidding! I have been using Windows x64 and it's as bad as Linux ever was. I've had to do things like recompile .msi installers, find exactly the right versions of Java and Eclipse, and use beta .NET frameworks.
Also weird issues with the motherboard drivers and things like needing to remove the firewall software before 3dmark05 can complete.
Member since:
> *.First day of my favorite month of the year! February! I'm sure a lot of you understand why I chose February to be a favorite month of mine! The weather is cool, the days are shorter, the Hearts' day fall in this month and last but not the least, it's my birth month! Most people probably hate it because it means they're getting older, I should feel the same too, but I don't! I'm quite excited for another birthday!
Before I talk about MY day, February is a good month because most of the time, Chinese New Year falls in this month! Well not all the time but for the past years!
I've decided to create a nail art tutorial that is actually not an original of mine, but I saw it from Confessions of Polishaholic! Thanks so much for the inspiration! Her nail art design looks way better than mine though! But it's a good try! :)
Step 1:
Apply your base coat especially when you are using a dark base color! I am using Revlon's newest nail polish collection under Fire & Ice called All Fired Up. Will feature the polishes of Revlon soon! :)
Step 2:
Note from Author: You can choose one design and create similar designs on all nails. I prefer to do variable designs.
Using Prettynails' 2 Way Nail Art Pen in black, I drew the year "2011"
Step 3:Creating same "sparkly" gold nails just like on step 2.
Using the same art pen in black, I wrote the Chinese character which means "Rabbit"
I want to create "Chinese Lanterns" hanging on top of the word "Rabbit". Using nail art dotting tool, I randomly drew yellow and orange dots in no particular order.
Step 4:
For the "rabbit" drawing, I don't want to take too much effort drawing the whole rabbit! Instead I drew a simple sketch that represents a rabbit!
Step 5:
Making sure the nail art designs are completely dry, apply your preferred top coat. In this nail art tutorial, I am using OPI Start to Finish Base and Top Coat courtesy of my dearest friend Frances!
Happy Year of the Rabbit!!!
Before I end this post, just a li'l something that says...
"Eh....What's Up Doc?"
If nail art is not a thing for you, just paint your nails red and top it with a glittery gold polish and you're ready to celebrate the Chinese New Years with Joy, Prosperity and Luck just right on your fingernails!
Happy Chinese New Year AMW Readers!
Keep smilin'
Stay happy!
Cute !!!!
cute!! i like the rabbit teeth on the thumb.. ang galing mo talaga nikki
The rabbit teeth are adorable! :)
A couple of days ago I started my own blog to share my nail art too! I hope you wouldn't mind if I recreate some of your designs! Thank you for the inspiration!
Such a cute wabbit, er, rabbit! :P
awwww so cute! ♥
OMG! I love the rabbit Niks! =)ang kuleeeeet!!!! =P
Aww that's too cute, love it!
that is super cute!
uber cute!!! hopefully i have time to paint something on my nails after dinner tmr. if i do it now, the paint is gonna be gone by end of day after all the cutting n washing work tmr
the rabbit teeth are sooo cute! i think i might copy this design :)
so cute! happy chinese new year!
What a cute design! Happy Lunar New Year! :)
you're the best on doing nail arts, Nikki!
Thanks everyone for appreciating my "inspired" drawing! :D I would like to say "Hats off" to the original nail artist :DThe last day of training in Arizona came to a close wet and cold, but that didn't dampen the spirits of head coach Sigi Schmid who likes what his club accomplished here and is looking forward to the Vancouver Whitecaps tomorrow.
Sign up to receive the latest Sounders FC news, offers and promotions.Sign Up Now
not 4 / 5 stars
Good game
Lots of fun! Could be harder though...^-^
Rated 4 / 5 stars
Its good but...
Its a little boring, and there are too much games like that
Rated 3 / 5 stars
Not Bad
It was an okay game I guess. Good concept, clean graphics, and nice game play. My only worry is, was that it was too easy. It didn't start getting remotely hard until level 6, and it took until level 3 for the crab to show up. Never the less, good game, I enjoyed it, well done!The Rails and Sails tour features train rides through New England's scenic fall foliage.
The temperatures are starting to rise and it looks like it is finally time to say goodbye to winter and hello to spring. In just a matter of weeks, trees and flowers will bloom, adding beautiful, bright splashes of color to our desert landscape.
As beautiful as the southwest is in the springtime, there is a destination to the east that reveals some of the world's most spectacular foliage in the fall: New England. Although it may seem strange to talk about fall colors as we approach spring, now is the time to plan a fall foliage vacation due to the popularity and narrow travel window.
For anyone ...Hey folks, Aunt Lynn here. Just a quick note to say that we seem to be having a small, weird issue on the site for some folks that is preventing them from logging in properly. For some of us—me included!—it just is a circular thing that never logs you in. Thus, when you go comment, it asks for your name and email. If this happens, go ahead and enter your info and apparently it will recognize your account or something technical Christian explained :) so your correct avatar, etc, will show. We are actively trying to find the problem to fix it. Apologies for the inconvenience.
Thanks for the info, I was wondering what I had managed to do wrong this time! :roll:
Fixed ^^
Thanks for the info :)
This is a test to see if I can comment again…
SUCCESS.
But I did get this screen when I posted, so I didn’t think it had worked:
“Internal Server Error
The server encountered an internal error or misconfiguration and was unable to complete your request.
Please contact the server administrator, webmaster@reviewsbyjesse.”For Immediate Release:
“No War with Syria Rally”
Date: Saturday, August 31, 2013
Time: Noon 12 p.m.
Location: Westheimer & Post Oak (near Starbucks)
An alliance of activists and concerned citizens from around the city are coming together to oppose the possibility of an attack on Syria. Industrial Worker’s of the World, Third Ward Defense Network, East Side Social Center, Broke Ass Society, The Houston Free Thinkers, and Occupy Houston ask that you join us.We call on every American to join us in saying no to yet another U.S. invasion. We recognize that peace cannot be reached through bombs, drone attacks, and murder; peace is created through compassion and forgiveness, which must come from within. Please join us this Saturday as the American people gather across the country to begin a campaign to stop the United States government from invading Syria. We stand in solidarity with countries around the world in participating in this worldwide protest in telling President Obama, “NO MORE!”We welcome all media to be in attendance of the rally. This rally is expected to be peaceful and family friendly. We are expecting diverse groups ranging from political parties/affiliations, activist groups and so on.We will have 3 speakers for the press: Neto Diaz for spanish inquiries, Cody Adams and Beth Valar Dohaeris for Houston Free Thinker inquiries, and Shere Dore for all other press.We look forward to your presence in the hopes that medias will help spread the message that Houstonians are speaking up and making it clear that we do not want to go to war.Contact:Shere Dore – Occupy Houston (shere.dore@gmail.com)Everybody faces difficult times. For some people, getting help seems impossible. That’s why we have created a program that truly addresses your needs, provides professional care, and inspires you to reach your goals.
Many programs can provide treatment for your condition, but they may not acknowledge or address your deeper spiritual needs. RENEWAL: Christian Treatment and Recovery is a unique program that incorporates your spirituality into your treatment. Our faith-based approach provides an atmosphere of compassion and support that encourages openness, restoration, and healing.
Pastoral counseling, chapel services, and daily devotional readings are just some of the services that set RENEWAL apart from other programs. We invite you to explore our website to learn more about Brookhaven Hospital’s RENEWAL program, and discover how our patients and their families find their way to happier, healthier lives.
Brookhaven Hospital offers proven help for a variety of conditions, including:
- Bipolar disorder
- Depression
- Generalized anxiety disorders
- Social anxiety disorder
- Post-traumatic stress disorder
- Obsessive compulsive disorder
- Borderline personality disorder
- Psychotic disorders
- Chemical dependency
- Anorexia
- Bulimia
- Compulsive overeating3 Tasting Notes
A solid Yunnan for a good price—bought it in-shop in le Marais! Excellent astringency with an assertive body and prominent earthy and caramel notes. Nothing too elaborate or subtle going on, but that’s not the point here—this tea is upfront and well-rounded. Absolutely great in the morning.
Flavors: Caramel, Earth, Oak wood
Preparation.My wife and I stayed here one night in December when we visited Cleveland for a concert on the East side. We would have stayed downtown, but we did not read too many great reviews of the hotels there. Plus, the concert venue was closer to the University District than anything else, which is why we landed at Glidden House.
Some perks of the stay:
+Convenient location: we walked to Little Italy for dinner, found parking next to the hotel, and took a lovely stroll around the campus of Case Western
+The breakfast buffet had some delicious additions
+The hotel is well-decorated and well-maintained
+The shower in the suite was amazing; two modes--conventional and rainshower (from the ceiling)
Now for the negatives:
-High rates considering what you get for the price
-The restaurant next door is closed on Sundays!
-A "movie" was being filmed on the premises while we were staying there, and we were kept from entering our room due to the film crew's use of the lobby
-We witnessed a woman crash into a trash bin the night that we stayed here. She appeared intoxicated and disoriented, as she was driving with her passenger door open and slammed into the bin located between the hotel and the associated eatery (Sergio's).
-The suite was unremarkable. The television connection was horrible; only two bottles of water were contained in the refrigerator; and the noise level was slightly louder than I expected. Spacious, to be sure. But not worth the extra cost.
For being the only bed and breakfast in Cleveland, this was a gem. But that isn't saying much.62 Penong Ave Camden Park SA 5038
- Sold for
$392,000
- 3
- 1
- 1
Ben Jenkins
- 0404 715 615
0404 715 615
- View profile
Latner Property - Adelaide (RLA 246074)
PO Box 7016 Hutt StreetAdelaide, SA 5000
62 Penong Ave Camden Park
UNDER CONTRACT!
**PRICE REVIEW: $380,000 - $390,000 - Motivated Vendor!**
Here lies a fantastic opportunity for someone to acquire a prime parcel of land in this ever popular suburb.
The existing home has been lovingly maintained by the same owners for many years and provides comfortable accommodation for the whole family.
Offering 3 carpeted bedrooms, main with built-in wardrobes, a generous sized open plan living room with split system reverse cycle air conditioning, gas heating and large picture windows overlooking the immaculate front garden.
The kitchen has been updated in recent years and is equipped with an electric cook top, oven and dishwasher. Plenty of cupboard and bench space make this a very functional area and overlooks the adjacent dining area.
The bathroom has been fully renovated in neutral tones with bath, separate shower and a stylish vanity unit. Access to the toilet is off the large laundry which has also been renovated to the same standard as the bathroom.
If you enjoy outdoor entertaining you will be in your element with the generous undercover pergola area overlooking the large yet low maintenance rear garden.
...
Property No. 113681895
Page Visits: 1,826
- General Features
- Property Type:House
- Bedrooms:3
- Bathrooms:1
- Land Size:734 m² (approx)
- Indoor Features
- Living Areas:1
- Toilets:1
- Built-in Wardrobes
- Dishwasher
- Gas Heating
- Split-system Heating
- Split-system Air Conditioning
- Outdoor Features
- Carport Spaces:1
- Outdoor Entertaining Area
- Shed
- Fully Fenced
- Eco Friendly Features
- Solar Panels
- Other Features
- Bore
Floorplans & Interactive Tours
Details not provided
Thinking of living in camden park?
Explore the prices, people and lifestyle that's on offer.
Are you considering investing in cam.Pirate Birthday in the Caribbean by Bunny0128 - 3 months ago
"Cancer went into remission so we took a girl's trip to the Domincan Republic to celebrate my birthday 01/28. We celebrated with a great Pirate excursion, the pirates LOVED our shirts!!!!, as did al..."View full details
Is this photo a winner?
?
Silly?
to my Dad. by CaptHank - over 4 years ago
"I fundraised over $2,000 and ran in a marathon for an organization that fights against Parkinson's Disease. My father was diagnosed with the disease, so this is for him. The whole family decided to..."View full details
Is this photo a winner?
Pirates of Homecoming, Arrr! by Joanis - over 8 years ago
"Our shirts were a huge hit! We were known all over our Homecoming as "Those Pirates Guys!" People were just amazed at the quailty of shirts! (Or maybe they were intimidated by our swashbuckling,..."View full details
Is this photo a winner?
Pirate Party by Nicki - over??You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your ReverbNation experience.
The Marble Hillbillies are a trio composed of Bret Short (guitar-vocals); Greg Whatley (drums-vocals); and, Greg Beasley (bass-vocals), doing a variety of music from all genres. As sidemen for many national artists, they come together to create a unique sound that is true to form and uniquely native in whatever they are playing. The demos on this site were done live, with no overdubs, to reflect an expected performance. Thank you for visiting our site and hope to see you soon at a venue near you.Risk of catastrophic climate change increases as ‘emissions gap’ widens - Telegraph
Despite efforts over the last decade to try and reduce emissions, concentrations of warming gases like carbon dioxide in the atmosphere are up 20 per cent since 2000. [So why hasn't warmed since then?]The New Nostradamus of the North: The European Environment Agency joins the other scaremongers ahead of the Doha climate jamboree
What Jol actually meant, was that that human related climate change/global warming has not contributed to the frequency and intensity of "extreme events". However, in order to safeguard his job, Jol did what warmists usually do when facts contradict their message: talk about all the terrible things to come in some distant future ...U.S. To 'Become Largest Global Oil Producer' By 2020, 'Net Oil Exporter' By 2030 - If We Let It | CNS News. It's hard to oppose someone who has his finger on the power switch.We had a lovely stay at the gite everything was as described. Owners helpful and very accommodating. Good facilities beautifully located in the mountains. Courtyard nice for wine and cheese we were there for Tour du France perfect location i
Top-rated Attractions Nearby
Top-rated Restaurants NearbyWe have a Facebook page I spend a lot of time messing around on when we’re out. It’s actually part of my contract to maintain social media in some form, and y’all can just go ahead and point and giggle all you want, but you can get a college degree in Facebook these days, so get it out of your system.
I love the comments and information we get from the page. I try to post at least one question a day about driving — how you got started, your first run, stuff like that. I’ve gotten some of the most incredibly interesting responses, and learned a great deal along the way.
One of the very best answers yet was to the question, “What’s your first memory of being in a truck?” Jeff Sturm answered:
“I remember my dad’s 1968 9000 cabover Ford… My brother was a newborn and I was 2. It caught on fire while we were sleeping and my mom grabbed us and jumped out the passenger side over the guard rail…(yes, we were parked). My dad was yelling for the fire extinguisher. My mother, instead of unclipping it, ripped it out of the floor, with the screws and bracket, and handed it to him.”
Does anyone else get the idea his Mom was not to be trifled with? Holy guacamole.
I like this story because it reminds me of the time a tornado was coming and my own Mother heaved a queen-size mattress into a 4-by-6 bathroom with one arm while simultaneously dragging and throwing me under it with the other. She broke the door off the hinges. I have a distinct feeling she would have stood face first in the path of the tornado and slapped the hell out of it, if she could have. Our apartment complex was destroyed, but my dog and I didn’t have a scratch on us, because she had managed to kick the dog into the pile of things she was throwing the mattress over. During a tornado. Go Mom.
The stories readers share with us are priceless to me – someone made the comment they thought the story about their first solo run was boring because it was just taking sugar beets a short distance. Not true. Every story told helps put a personal face on the industry. It’s imperative to make people outside the industry understand there’s a person in that truck, a person with a story and a life. Someone who matters and is loved and missed while they’re away.
I’m truly thankful for the opportunity to do what I do. We’ve met some incredible people, and I’m sure there are many more out there to find. Tell someone a trucking story today, even if you have to get on the CB and yell over a bunch of idiots. Someone is listening, and they appreciate you and want to hear what you have to say.
Be safe, and keep on truckin’.
OverdriveOnline.com strives to maintain an open forum for reader opinions. Click here to read our comment policy.[Info] PEP 308 accepted - new conditional expressions
Discussion in 'Python' started by Reinhold Birkenfeld, SepEP 289: Generator Expressions (ACCEPTED)Raymond Hettinger, Oct 28, 2003, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 292
- Raymond Hettinger
- Oct 28, 2003
Alternative suggestion for conditional expressions (see PEP 308)neblackcat, Jul 15, 2004, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 8
- Views:
- 390
- Mark 'Kamikaze' Hughes
- Jul 20, 2004
Is PEP 237 accepted?, Nov 10, 2005, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 345
Conditional expressions - PEP 308Colin J. Williams, Jan 30, 2007, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 4
- Views:
- 371
- Ziga Seilnacht
- Jan 31, 2007
PEP 414 has been acceptedVinay Sajip, Feb 27, 2012, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 225
- Vinay Sajip
- Feb 27, 2012Discussion in 'Friend Requests' started by MIkeMcClellan, Nov 5, 2010.
I'm lookin for friends that play, my Game Center names MikeMcClellan.
add me up, AJ-STAR
! ;D
my Username is OrangeZeros , add me! <level 69>
My username is mikebentley15
hey how do i get online... cant figure it out
My username is Rayydawg
Currently the servers are not functioning properly and you may run into the problem where you have internet connection but appear offline; the problem is being worked on by the developers and will be fixed most likely in the next update.
Add me if you like. LotharII
Add me up. My id : Nikilok
Level 25
Id: Naboki
help me kick some arse....
add me: YOSHIMUNE8
Add Me:
Game Centre User Name
Kewish
Gun Bros is probably the best new app I've DL'ed in a while.
JebusChrist
add me Mister Goose
add me too please. "buster colon" on gamecenter
Add me as well
Separate names with a comma.Fashion Spotlight
New Plus Size Designer on the scene- Chocolate Sushi Couture
New Designer on the scene- Chocolate Sushi Couture
Oooohhh! There is a new designer on the scene for the Curvy.Confident.Chic. Fashionista!Â Miss Teslyn slipped me this recommendation over at Facebook and I am diggin it! Â As soon as I find more information about this line, I will let you know! In the meantime, if you are on Facebook, be Chocolate Sushi Couture’s Fan NOW!
Stay In TouchMark R Slaughter
And A Big Welcome To 2012 - Poem by Mark R Slaughter
Seeking Earth and what it means;
We’ve split the atom,
Tearing hearts –
To slap a face and then
From grace to fall
In failing evolution.
We die in sperm, negate the egg
To rent the planet’s reproduction.
Leave poor Gaia alone! –
She never saw it coming –
Humans –
Never thought that life would run away
Inside a breast of selfishness –
And what of woman’s cream-skinned nakedness
That beautifies the mammary mountain
If all becomes a nothingness;
Spermatazoan fountains gone –
Those that maketh Man’s history:
For whom would history be?
The monster quakes:
Bring it forth, the sun,
Let it burn, rage, and swell
Until – foretold by Man –
The red and mighty Hell
Materialises.
Comments about And A Big Welcome To 2012permatazoan fountains// reallly a great poem! ! ! 10 (Report) ReplyInstall a Micro Dot directly to your SKS using the NcSTAR AK Micro Dot Mount & Rail Receiver Cover for the lowest possible mounting height available. This rail mount and receiver cover by NcSTAR features four side set screws that allows you to lock the receiver cover to the SKS receiver for a secure fit. The NcSTAR SKS Receiver Cover Mount and Rail is manufactured slightly longer by a few thousandths, so that it can be hand fitted to the various manufacturers of the SKS rifles. The NcSTAR SKS Micro Dot Mount and Rail Receiver Cover also gives you an option that provides a rail on the top of the receiver cover for mounting a scope or reflex optic.Free
Alianza Editores
by Alianza Automotriz / Alianza Flotillera
Alianza Automotriz y Alianza Flotillera son revistas especializadas en la industria automotriz y del autotransporte con …
100+ downloads, Rating 5.00 (4)
Free
Animal Escape Free - Fun Games
by Fun Games For Free
RUN! RUN! RUN! Pick your animal and escape the angry farmer before it's too late!
LOTS OF FUN and challenges through to …
1,000,000+ downloads, Rating 4.11 (77269)
Free
SledovaniTV old
by sledovanitv.cz
Aplikace SledovaniTV je URČENA UŽIVATELŮM SLUŽBY sledovanitv.cz. Přináší možnost příjmu televize V SÍTÍCH PARTNERŮ služb …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 3.39 (162)
Free
TV from Peru
by Saeed A. Khokhar
You want to align a satellite dish?
following information in this app are included as follows:
- Name stations
- Satel …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 2.58 (26)
Free
WhatsApp Messenger
Updated
by WhatsApp Inc.
WhatsApp Messenger is a messaging app available for Android and other smartphones. WhatsApp uses your phone’s Internet c …
1,000,000,000+ downloads, Rating 4.43 (26465110)
Free
EAMS (Ericsson NBSS)
by NBSS
Ericsson Activity Management System. (For authorized Ericsson NBSS apps users.)
Recent changes:
Civils and EF&I unific …
1,000+ downloads, Rating 3.77 (39)
Free
BoatBrat
by BoatBrat.com
The BoatBrat app provides access to an ever expanding list of Marine service providers as well as Boats for Sale through …
50+ downloads, Rating 4.60 (5)
Free
A Diabelli Preludes
by KVitaliyV
Sheet Music for Guitar. Anton Diabelli Preludes. For devices with a large screen. …
10+ downloads, Rating 0.00 (0)
Free
Kishland
by naslejadid Co.
Kishland Application, proud to accompany and guide you to travel to Kish wonderful Island.
Kishland is a kish offline m …
100+ downloads, Rating 4.16 (19)
Free
Smart extension for Gmail
by Sony Mobile Communications
With this app, you can view Gmail notifications and content in your SmartWatch or smart audio accessory.
To use this ap …
1,000,000+ downloads, Rating 3.94 (9825)
Free
Weather4Cast
by MaximusSoft
Weather made simple
This app simply displays a forecast for the next 5 days and has very flat and clean design. It shows …
1,000+ downloads, Rating 3.96 (83)
Free
M2BX Wolf-Guard Alarm System
by CTDYFB
Wolf-Guard from China, since year 1998, for the global security market.
Wolf-Guard provide all kinds of DIY home secu …
500+ downloads, Rating 3.89 (9)
Free
Calender Icon Pack
by Mini Icon Pack_Alpha
I know you love icon packs,and I know you wanna try more icon packs, more new experience, so Cobo Icon Packs are coming. …
100+ downloads, Rating 5.00 (4)
Free
Bible Search
by chrismathew
Bible search for passage, Read all the chapters from the New and Old testament, search for passage keywords ( e.g - brea …
1,000+ downloads, Rating 4.00 (8)
Free
Quick Draw
by GHU Enterprise
A simple reaction time game. Tap the targets as fast as you can after they change color. The difficulty increases with e …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 3.69 (158)- .
When it comes to music, passion goes a long way. That doesn't just go for performers, it goes for the engineers and designers who build our instruments and gear as well. With Rocktron guitar amplifiers, you can definitely see that passion at work. They've gone to great lengths to innovate and build the best amps they can, and the results show in the impressive sound that Rocktron delivers. It doesn't matter if you're a touring guitarist or a beginner practicing at home - there is sure to be something for you here in the Rocktron lineup..
Our product catalog varies by country due to manufacturer restrictions. If you change the Ship-To country, some or all of the items in your cart may not ship to the new destination.- Shopping Bag ( 0 items )
Who's Kitten Who? (Reigning Cats and Dogs Series #6)
harstan
Posted December 9, 2008
humorously entertaining amateur sleuth
Veterinarian Jessica Popper has a unique practice on Long Island in which she doesn¿t have an office but a clinic on wheels so she can care for her patients where it¿s convenient for them on their turf. She can use less stress in her personal life because she just got engaged to Nick and is afraid it won¿t last. When his parents come to visit, she and her future mother in law clash so Nick feels they need some time apart. Luckily, Jessica has something to keep her mind occupied a speaking part in a community theatre that is scheduled to go to Broadway. The writer and star of the show Simon Wainwright is found murdered in a trunk, his head bashed in. Jessica¿s best friend and leading lady who cared for Simon asks her to find the killer which is not easy because she is dealing with thespians who know how to fake their emotions. However, the killer is watching Jessica, warning her off and if she doesn¿t listen, she will be the next victim. --- WHO¿S KITTEN WHO? is a humorously entertaining amateur sleuth mystery especially the scenes with the heroine and her feline mother-in-law. This tale contains a finely developed mystery because there are many suspects with motives who want the victim dead. There is enough action to keep readers absorbed in the storyline but it is the characters who make this who-done-it an interesting tale as the various personalities more often squabble than work together. --- Harriet Klausner
0 out of 1 people found this review helpful.Was this review helpful? Yes NoThank you for your feedback. Report this reviewThank you, this review has been flagged.Property name: The Burnsley All Suite Hotel
Type: Hotel
Stars:
Minimum rate per night: USD 99.51
The 80 spacious suites are comfortable, well designed and feature English-style decor.Room amenities include 1 king or 2 queen beds, an expansive living room, a fully equipped kitchen, a separate dining area with table, a large work area and a private balcony.Each suite is luxuriously designed to accommodate all guests’ needs – business as well as pleasure.
The Burnsley Restaurant and Lounge are the perfect venues to enjoy a delicious meal or relaxing drink.The Burnsley Restaurant serves hot buffet breakfasts, weekday lunches and features a dinner menu of contemporary American cuisine.The Burnsley Lounge features an extensive wine list, cocktails and live evening entertainment at the weekend.
Situated in the heart of downtown Denver, the Burnsley All Suite Hotel offers guests spacious suite accommodation in an exceptional location.This all suite property offers large, comfortable suites with English-style decor. Each suite boasts a separate bedroom and living room with the amenities of a full kitchen. Located in the eclectic Capitol Hill neighborhood, the hotel is within a couple of miles of the Colorado Convention Center and the LoDo entertainment district.The Burnsley All Suites Hotel provides a complimentary shuttle service. Guests can take advantage of free travel within a 3 mile radius of the hotel, 7am – 11pm, 7 days a week.
Upon check-in photo identification and credit card is required. All special requests are subject to availability upon check-in. Special requests cannot be guaranteed and may incur additional charges.
Map
The Burnsley All Suite HotelTo become a ProfNet premium member and receive requests from reporters looking for expert sources, click here.
Twitter can be a very helpful platform for building brand recognition and increasing visibility. But, what should you do after you set up your Twitter profile? What you should tweet? Should you include hashtags in your tweet? How many times a day can you tweet out your article or post? Digital and social media consultant Alina Braverman answered these questions and more in our last #ConnectChat. You can read a recap of the entire chat here:
Can you please tell us a little about yourself?
I develop digital brand strategy focusing on social media. I worked for the first social media company called SixDegrees.com.
What makes Twitter a good social media platform for individuals looking to build brand recognition and gain visibility?
Twitter allows you to reach your audience in real-time and communicate with them whether your developing or gaging a product or service.
Tweet chats are probably one of the best ways to organically and strategically build brand awareness. Tweet chats are where individual connections are made, especially because you don't have to fan or friend someone to talk to them.
What should you do if you schedule and promote a tweet chat, but nobody shows up?
Recruit your friends and use a trending hashtag without offending anyone.
You can find some some promotional tools and help for tweet chats here: s.gnoss.us/twchat
What kind of bio should media professionals include in their Twitter profile if they’re looking to build their brand?
A bio on twitter should include up-to-date information about what makes you unique and what you would like to talk about. You should also put up a nice picture.
People should try to include a fact about themselves and be personable in their bio.
What should people who are experts in a particular field include in their Twitter bio?
Experts should include their expertise in their bio and a unique hashtag. Experts should also keep in mind they're reaching a wide audience.
Who should media professionals follow on Twitter, i.e., journalists, writers, etc., or should they follow experts?
Media professionals should follow other experts in areas that they want to write and learn about. They should also follow their supporters. Follow your most fervent retweeters and fans, because when you push out more information, they will be the first to retweet.
What about experts? Who should they be following on Twitter?
Experts should follow other experts in different fields and those who they find to have good content.
What are your thoughts on Twitter advertising, and what makes it really work?
Typically, Twitter works best in conjunction with an event or popular show with a loyal following.
Should you also be promoting others in the same niche as your own?
Yes, co-promoting content that is complimentary to yours gives Twitter love to your supporters and colleagues and then comes back to you.
If you write an article or post, do you recommend tweeting it out? If so, what should the length of the tweet be?
Yes, tweet your article at the right time and leave room for others to comment when they retweet and analyze retweets.
How many times can you tweet the same link to your article or post?
I would tweet it at least three times a day with a different introduction and different hashtags to reach a wider audience. Also, I would do it during a trending TV show.
What other things can you tweet about to gain visibility -- whether you’re a media professional or expert?
Here are some tips: 1) Tweet your interests as well as what is important to you. 2) Personalize your content to engage. 3) Tweet at brands you like.
Is it helpful to include an image or video with your tweet? If so, what kind of images and videos should you be tweeting out?
Images and videos are retweeted the most. People love babies and cats. For example: tinyurl.com/osvn6vj
Human touch builds an emotional connection with a brand.
Will you gain more visibility by adding an image or video with a link to one of your articles/posts?
Yes, you will gain more visibility. Also post to other social networks so your content can be seen in many places.
Which other social networks would you recommend to be a must for marketers?
Depends on your audience and resources, as well as what your fans consume.
If you’re looking to promote your work, in what situations should you send someone a direct message versus tweeting them?
Carefully DM and only if you retweeted them and followed them. If they share your content acknowledge it and thank them. Good karma.
DMs are for more personal back and forth and preferred if the user themselves specifies you to DM them.
What are some rules about using hashtags in tweets?
Include three hashtags in a tweet or else your content gets lost. Post different tweets if you need to use many hashtags and try to use trending ones if applicable.
Should PR/media create standard hashtags to make each other easier to find?
Yes, it makes it easier, but also use popular hashtags when applicable to your content.
What tips do you have for someone looking to trend a particular hashtag on Twitter?
Piggyback on already trending hashtags if your content is complimentary.
Can you mention some Twitter faux pas?
Twitter faux pas are insensitivities to tragedies and brands trying to sell during a tragedy. Or hard sells by bots. Make it personal!
Twitter recently introduced the “Pinned Tweet.” What is the best way to utilize this feature?
Pinned tweets are self-promotional. Use it to announce the latest info about you or your brand. This is where you can hard sell.
What tools should be used to make tweeting more effective?
Analytic tools and software such as HootSuite, Sprout Social, and TweetDeck make tweeting easier and more efficient to engage and test.
Do you have any final tips for growing your following?
Grow your audience by asking people to follow you and join daily chat lists.
Don't use your social accounts as a means to complain nonstop or talk about how great you are. Tweet smart.
Follow and tweet positive content that's relevant to a brand. Spread Twitter love by retweeting often. Invite people to join Twitter..cplair
Comment #2 Saturday, February 07, 2009 9:59 AM
This looks awesome Pete, brilliant! Especially how you got home-girl to pose on the side of the wall like that! How'd you persuade her to sit still? And did you use strings to pull her hair while she sat on the wall? (I can go on and on with this) (LMAO) Five Stars bro! Cp
Comment #2 Saturday, February 07, 2009 9:59 AM
Diafragma
Comment #6 Saturday, February 07, 2009 12:18 PM
Comment #6 Saturday, February 07, 2009 12:18 PM
Messiah, hey bud, hope you solved your XP/W7 partition problem.
Curtis,
If I tell you I would have to .... j/k I did it the same way I did with this one and how she accepted to be chained and still pose for the shot>>> WWW Link
Vervi. thank you always for the support
Winstar, thanks for stopping by
Thuglifesenior, thank you sir, comment appreciated.
Thuglifejunior
Comment #7 Saturday, February 07, 2009 1:02 PM
Comment #7 Saturday, February 07, 2009 1:02 PM
Love everything about this desktop, but that wall, oh man that wall is wicked sweet, its the first time I have seen a wall in that configuration, really, really awesome, the whole theme just looks so fresh and usable, extremely well sniped Diafragma, top gun indeed
> 9:49 AM Goff $11.89
By Orhan Pamuk $15.03
$23
As the chances for peace talks between the government of Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and the unbeaten Taliban brighten, the Obama administration finds itself gradually but unmistakably reduced to the status of bystander.
In an interview with a Brazilian television network, Noam Chomsky discusses the many ways the Obama administration has not only supported terrorism but taken part in it.
By Mike Luckovich —
New rules curtailing the use of racial profiling won’t apply to border agents, who will still be allowed to consider race and ethnicity when stopping people at airports, international crossings and immigration checkpoints..
Edward Snowden has just been granted three more years of asylum in Russia, and the former NSA contractor-turned-whistle-blower is understandably choosy about whom he meets with in person.
Albert Einstein is rumored to have said that one cannot solve a problem with the same thinking that led to it. Yet this is precisely what we are now trying to do with climate change policy.
Truthdig Editor-in-Chief Robert Scheer and the other “Left, Right & Center” panelists discuss the significance of the 280,000 jobs added to the economy, the corporate personhood aspect of the Hobby Lobby ruling, military action spawned by the killing of three teenagers in Israel, and Facebook’s manipulation of news feeds.
“Bill, you’re not even an efficient racist anymore,” a bemused Russell Brand tells an image of the Fox News host in his latest episode of “The Trews.”
Late in May, the House of Representatives approved an amendment to an appropriations bill that would bar the Justice Department from compelling reporters to reveal the identities of and other information about their confidential sources. The legislation was sponsored by Rep. Alan Grayson (pictured).
(AP/Patrick Semansky)
Laws are bad when they don’t do what they are meant to and even worse when they cause harm instead.
Current and former members of U.S. intelligence services who cite news reports based on leaks in any of their public statements now face penalties and the possible loss of access and security clearances.
Licking County's most-popular recycling drop-off site ? the parking lot on Newark's Deo Drive ? remained in business Friday, accepting sorted recyclables in county bins, which are in the process of being replaced. The Deo site soon will be phased out, replaced by a business.
- Filed Under
Local recyclers found some surprises Friday, including vacant lots, full bins and an old, trusty standby - the Deo Drive parking lot - still in business.
Rumpke Recycling Inc., of Columbus, is in the process of taking over managing the countywide recycling drop-off sites, as reported in Friday's Advocate.
By June 28, Rumpke will replace the county's roll-offs with its own containers, which will accept paper, cardboard, metal cans, more kinds of plastics than before and glass bottles. With the new service, residents no longer will have to sort their recyclables before dropping them off at ...By.
CHAPTER VI
A PEASANT FAMILY OF THE OLD TYPE
Ivan Petroff—His Past Life—Co-operative Associations—Constitution of a Peasant’s Household—Predominance of Economic Conceptions over those of Blood-relationship—Peasant Marriages—Advantages of Living in Large Families—Its Defects—Family Disruptions and their Consequences.
My illness had at least one good result. It brought me into contact with the feldsher, and through him, after my recovery, I made the acquaintance of several peasants living in the village. Of these by far the most interesting was an old man called Ivan Petroff.
Ivan must have been about sixty years of age, but was still robust and strong, and had the reputation of being able to mow more hay in a given time than any other peasant in the village. His head would have made a line study for a portrait-painter. Like Russian peasants in general, he wore his hair parted in the middle—a custom which perhaps owes its origin to the religious pictures. The reverend appearance given to his face by his long fair beard, slightly tinged with grey, was in part counteracted by his eyes, which had a strange twinkle in them—whether of humour or of roguery, it was difficult to say. Under all circumstances—whether in his light, nondescript summer costume, or in his warm sheep-skin, or in the long, glossy, dark-blue, double-breasted coat which he put on occasionally on Sundays and holidays—he always looked a well-fed, respectable, prosperous member of society; whilst his imperturbable composure, and the entire absence of obsequiousness or truculence in his manner, indicated plainly that he possessed no small amount of calm, deep-rooted self-respect. A stranger, on seeing him, might readily have leaped to the conclusion that he must be the Village Elder, but in reality he was a simple member of the Commune, like his neighbour, poor Zakhar Leshkof, who never let slip an opportunity of getting drunk, was always in debt, and, on the whole, possessed a more than dubious reputation.Can not connect to media server
Created: 21 Jan 2005 • Updated: 21 May 2010 | 2 comments
When starting Backup exec A box "connect to server" appears asking for username/password. Canceling gets a box, "You have not connected to media server. Would you like to exit the application". Entering a username/password does not connect to media server. It tries to connect to local media server but never does and never times out.
Everything was working fine until after the holidays I changed my password on this machine. Although using either password does not solve the problem.
What do I try next?
Thanks
Dan
That box normally indicates the required services haven't started, either because you haven't given them time to start yet, or because they failed.
Check the login details that the services use, are they using the account that you have changed the password for? In which case you'll need to re-setup their login details to use the correct login details. Otherwise, check the event log and see what errors are being generated by Backup Exec when it fails to start the servers.
Thanks. That got me running again. Had to walk through each service and change the login info and then start them.
This thread is locked. Please start a new discussion.Female Veterans Finally Get The Memorial They Deserve
When you think of military monuments, you probably think of the Marine Corps War Memorial, where male Marines raise the flag on Iwo Jima, or the haunted faces of male soldiers in the Korean War Veterans Memorial. But, where are the homages to the women who've bravely served their country? While there's no lack of tributes for servicemen, their female counterparts are finally getting a monumental thank you — the first since Arlington Cemetery's Women In Military Service For America memorial was dedicated in 1997.
Last week, the U.S. Army unveiled the first statue of a woman soldier commissioned and placed on a military base, just in time for Veteran's Day. The Lt. FAWMA statue, now on display in Fort Lee, VA, is named after the Friends of the Army Women’s Museum, and is meant to honor female veterans of recent conflicts (and the spirit of service that all female soldiers embody).
Dressed in modern combat gear and carrying an M4 rifle, Lt. FAWMA may only be 10-feet tall, but she's a giant reminder of how far servicewomen have come, as well as how much they've done for their country. During World War II, women were restricted to non-combat positions, such as secretaries and nurses, and those roles didn't expand until the 1980s, when changes to military policy meant that women were required to have extended basic combat training.
The bottom line? Women’s contributions to society are invaluable, and the military is no exception. And, as women’s roles in the armed services expand, their service and sacrifice should be celebrated. This Veteran’s Day, take a minute to think of and thank the female veterans who are breaking barriers and protecting us all. We salute you, ladies! (The Daily Beast)
Now we're email buddies!Court Hotel Hakata Ekimae
No availability found through our partners. Please contact the business directly or check some of our recommended alternatives.
- " src="" alt="Comfort Hotel Hakata" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Toyoko Inn Hakata-guchi Ekimae Gion" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="R&B Hotel Hakataekimae" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hotel Hokke Club Fukuoka" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Yamamoto Ryokan" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hakata Business Hotel" class="accom_photo">
How has this hotel rated in the past?
Location
Amenities
- Free High-Speed Internet
Travelers also recommend:
-
-
- More recommendations
TripAdvisor Reviews Court Hotel Hakata Ekimae
... s it turned into a dynamic dash. The ancient Yamakasas were very tall structures, representing historical and literary heroes through dolls and decorations, and were 10 metres high, but with the advent of electric poles, the Yamakasa is now smaller. Every 15 July there is a pre-dawn race around the town, with the floats pulled by young men, dressed in the loin cloth of old, being spurred on both at the front and back of the floats by 3 or 4 men sitting at ...
A little out of the way
... up the street, but was unable to tell us what it was called (very little English, just very kind). It looked like a hard waffle-like biscuit, wrapped in seaweed and it too was very tasty. He was delighted we enjoyed it and went on his way.
We had a look around the Shrine and surrounds, and had hoped to explore the Kyushu National Museum but, unfortunately, it was closed.
We walked back to the station and boarded a ...
Fukuoka City Tour
... metro.
Our little jolly around the city, took us 9 hours, only punctuated by a few coffee stops, the odd temple and a little shopping. As with most asian cities, there is always a huge difference between day and night. The streets during the daytime are filled with pretty girls shopping in huge department malls, and an array of different coffee shops and fast food places.
However, at about ... ...Situated 30 minutes from Downtown Tampa on the turquoise shores of Tampa Bay, Harborside Suites at Little Harbor is an ideal setting for picturesque meetings and events.
From corporate retreats to the wedding of your dreams, our 3,000 square feet of waterfront event space on Tampa Bay can be tailored to suit virtually any gathering. The resort boasts a 3,000-square-foot ballroom with stunning bay views, private space in Sunset Grill Restaurant and exclusive beach areas and waterfront lawns that are perfect for cocktail parties and intimate wedding ceremonies.
Harborside Suites at Little Harbor features a 550-square-foot function suite with its own outdoor terrace, fire pit and pool area – perfect for destination weddings, intimate functions, board meetings, corporate retreats or that special occaision.
When you book one of our function venues, staff will work with you to customize menus for luncheons, coffee breaks, dinners, wedding receptions and more. A fully equipped Business Center and complimentary high-speed Wi-Fi also make it easy to stay connected and productive while away from the office.
Our beachfront location on Tampa Bay offers plenty of ways to unwind after a long day of meetings. Just ask our concierge to arrange a deep-sea fishing charter or round of golf on one of several nearby championship courses.
The Royal Palm Ballroom – A 3,000-square-foot waterfront ballroom with windows overlooking Tampa Bay
can be divided into two separate spaces of 1,500 square feet for smaller events
Royal Palm I – 1,500-square-foot waterfront ballroom with bay views
Royal Palm II – 1,500-square-foot waterfront ballroom with bay views
Harborside Club Suite – 550-square-foot venue with access to an outdoor terrace, fire place and pool area with views of the marina and Tampa Bay
Sunset Grill Restaurant – Available for private dining events
With lush tropical grounds, a tranquil beach and breathtaking views of Tampa Bay, Harborside Suites at Little Harbor is a top venue for destination weddings in Florida. Say your vows on the white sands of our private beach, then head inside for a bay-view wedding reception in our 180-person Royal Palm Ballroom. You can also say “I do” under a gazebo on one of our waterfront lawns, and then head to the beach for a tropical cocktail hour under the stars.
Our island-style resort offers so many beautiful places to celebrate; it’s no wonder that Wedding Wire selected The Resort and Club at Little Harbor for the prestigious Bride's Choice Awards™ 2012 for Ceremony & Reception Venue!
The resort also has a Tiki Bar and three restaurant dining areas for your rehearsal dinner and pre-wedding celebrations. Whether you want to enjoy live entertainment at the resort or rent a boat from our marina for a sunset cruise, there’s plenty to do before and after your wedding at Harborside Suites at Little Harbor.
From flowers to music, our professional wedding coordinator will be on call to guarantee your day flows seamlessly. Just sit back and leave the planning to us.
Can’t get enough of our luxury resort? Stay for your honeymoon and take advantage of our intimate waterfront restaurants, bars, outdoor pools, romantic Jacuzzis, massage services and private beach.
The Royal Palm Ballroom – 3,000-square-foot venue with windows overlooking Tampa Bay (can be divided into two separate spaces of 1,500 square feet for smaller events)
Four waterfront ceremony areas – Two beach areas and two beautiful waterfront lawns
Sunset Grill Restaurant – Available for rehearsal dinners, cocktail parties and brunches
Harborside Club Suite – 550-square-foot venue with access to an outdoor terrace, fire place and pool area with views of the marina and Tampa Bay.
View our wedding booklet to learn more about hosting your wedding at Harborside Suites at Little Harbor.Prices, specials, features and availability subject to change..
Please call for lease terms and pet policy details
Cats Allowed. Dogs Allowed. Call for service animal policy.
101 units
Apartment
Check Availabilityor call
Monday-Friday: 9:00am-5:00pm
Saturday: 10:00am-5:00pm
Sunday: Closed
Weidner Property Management
Don't have a Rent.com account? Create one.
Creating an account allows you to acccess your saved and contacted properties on any device. Already have an account?Occasions by Trend Hospitality is Rochester's premier caterer and provider of event planning services. Our full service approach and extreme attention to detail is what sets us apart..
We can handle everything related to food for your party, so you can enjoy a good time with your guests. Our specialty is full catered events, where we provide wait staff, and handle all the work.
We provide unique catering for small and large parties with simple menu selections to fine dining. Whatever the occasion may be, our staff is there to meet all your special needs.
Looking for the best service for catering Rochester? Now you can have all the deliciousness of Moe's come to you with the Moe's Southwest Grill of Rochester catering service. Caterers offers extensive menus of creatively prepared foods, a broad selection of fine wines and beverages and customized catering services to accommodate your specific requirements..
JC's does off-site catering for weddings. JC's Backyard BBQ is a barbeque restaurant featuring delicious old-fashioned barbeque dishes..
Our..
Serendipity Catering is a fully licensed and insured full service catering company. Our professionals are experienced in orchestrating catered affairs of every size and scope.
We are known for our culinary diversity, knowledgeable staff, and exceptional service. We know from extensive experience that successful events start with professional planning.Back to Blog.
StoriesLast Activity: August 8th, 2009 08:44 PM
About Me
- About ThexGrEeNxSnoRLaX
- Biography
- i like music, drawing, pokemon, :3, my fruitcup, razzberry iced tea, sweet stuffs... yea. :D im nice to you if you're nice to me.
- Interests
- play pokemon, draw [not so much no more] kisten to mah music.. ...be lazy.
- Location
- someplace like... boring.
- Gender
- Male ♂
- Occupation
- being awesome! [sarcasm]
- Nature
- Quiet
- Favorite Pokémon
- SNORLAX!!! Giratina! Gloom, Charizard, Roserade, Rayquaza, Gyrraados, Haunter, Raichu, and many more i cant name right now. :D
- Signature
]one cannot survive without love from another.
stay true to the one that cares for you.
|Kute|Salmadeer|
All times are UTC -8. The time now is 02:12 AM.Dream Girls
General Admission - $10.00
_____________________________________________________________________________________
Tickets may be purchased on this website, at the Toccoa-Stephens County Chamber of Commerce, at
Stephens Federal Bank in Toccoa Ga. or at the door on the day of the show
____________________________________________________________________________________
Adults are considered to be 18 years of age or older.
Students are considered to be between the ages of 8 and 18 unless a student ID is presented.There are 17 results - Show results on a map Print this page
Showing 11 - 17 of 17 establishment makes a good base for exploring the area. A peaceful atmosphere and caring hospitality are assured. Bedrooms are equipped with a host ...More about West Down
LYNMOUTH
Just a short stroll from the centre of the village and the harbour, this is a perfect place to stay to enjoy this picturesque location. Bedrooms provide all the expected comforts with comfy beds ensur...More about East Lyn Housestatelinetack.com > Shop By Brand > Tough-1 > Item # WIT: 80% acrylic / 20% polyester
Tough 1 Tomahawk Acrylic Saddle Blanket
Starting at: $13.49
1.87 Ivermectin Single Dose Paste Wormer
Now: $1.99
Tough-1 Navajo Acrylic Saddle Blanket
Starting at: $7.99
Tough-1 Solid Acrylic Saddle Blanket
Bimectin 1.87% Ivermectin Apple Flavored Wormer
Now: $2.39
Tough-1 Shoshone Saddle Blanket
Starting at: $14.49
Basic Poly Side Pull Rope Training Halter
Starting at: $5.49
SyrVet SyrFlex Bandage
Starting at: $1.59
Tough-1 Sierra Acrylic Saddle Blanket
Starting at: $13.99
Basic Neoprene Splint Boots
Triple E Nylon Trail Curb Strap
Starting from: $4.29
Western Poly Rope Trail Rein
Starting at: $6.49
Mustang Square Wool Pad Liner
Starting at: $26.99
Mayatex Ranger Hogan Acrylic Saddle Blanket.Naked Truth
|
Former school supe Jack McLaughlin pens an only-in-Berkeley series.
Jack McLaughlin got a taste for the city’s well-documented nuttiness during his tenure as superintendent of the Berkeley Unified School District in the mid-1990s. So much of a taste, in fact, that after retiring from a career as a school administrator in Sunnyvale, Stockton, and other burgs, he decided to write a satirical trilogy about his favorite career stop—good ole Berkeley. McLaughlin’s self-published Mr. Berzerkeley series zeroes in on the exploits of fictional Berkeley Mayor Jim Sain, the kind of free spirit who still lives with his mom in the boarding house she runs off campus and starts his morning with a freshly rolled joint and a cold beer—at least on Big Game day. How Berkeley is that? Did I mention he also has a penchant for traipsing around town au naturel? I chatted with McLaughlin recently at a Peet’s (where else?) about his nascent writing career.
PK: The main character, the naked mayor of Berkeley, was he in any way inspired by the naked guy about 20 years ago?
JM: I had several experiences with the naked people, I mean as far as the How Berkeley Can You Be? parade. The school district float was right behind them almost every time, so you got to see the naked people.
PK: Oh, really?
JM: I had some of our children watch the first parade. I had a meeting out of town. And I asked them, what do they think about the naked people walking right down the street, right down University Avenue? And they said, “Dad, when they came down, it didn’t matter.” Berkeley is so unique and so lovable.
PK: That seems to be the reaction to your character Mr. Sain in the book—nobody seems to really care that he’s naked.
JM: And that’s another thing I love about Berkeley is you can be anyone you want to be, anything you want to be, dress any way you want or not dress, it’s just Berkeley. You’re free.
PK: A little cold maybe for being naked. That was my impression.
JM: Well, in the book, the mayor seems to take care of that coldness with a few other items.
PK: I know the idea of these books was that you would get a movie deal. How’s that coming along?
JM: I just finished the third and I have not done marketing on it. Of course I’d love to see it as a TV series. That’s how it initially started when an agent called me in between retirements and said, The OC series was going to run its last year and maybe could I think of something that might be like that? Carry on this idea of being focused on people, unique people—not necessarily mystery and so forth, but people. And so, that’s when I wrote it.
PK: Did you have some kind of a background in doing scripts? How does an agent just call somebody out of the blue to do this?
JM: When I was a school principal back in the late ’60s I had written a television script for a show, and I sent it in to an agent—not that agent, but another agent—and I never heard and eventually I saw it on television.
PK: Wait a minute. They used your script without telling you?
JM: It’s about 90 percent mine.
PK: And you didn’t get any credit? You didn’t get a cent for doing it?
JM: None.
PK: Did you hire a lawyer?
JM: I did talk to a lawyer and in those days there was really no way to register your script. There is now but there wasn’t then, so I chalked it up to experience.
PK: You spent your career primarily as a school administrator. Did you wish that you had just moved to Hollywood and starved and tried to make it as a screenwriter instead?
JM: I have a wonderful family and children and mouths to feed and so forth, and so, at that time, there was no way I could just drop it all and go on to this business which fluctuates so much. Feast and famine. Mostly famine. But I got to write scripts for 33 years. I got to write two scripts a month. They’re called school board agendas. And they have beginnings and ends and plots, and you solve problems, and hopefully, it all comes out right.
PK: Of all the places you’ve worked, was Berkeley the most challenging?
JM: A couple of other places we had some severe challenges. But as far as the most fun for me and the best fit, Berkeley was by far the best place. I love Berkeley. I mean, that was the best job I ever had. It was very hard, very complicated, but people were willing to jump in there and help, unlike some other places.
PK: Should we just get rid of Proposition 13? Should you pay property taxes based on what your house is really worth, not what it was worth in the 1970s?
JM: I was a superintendent in Sunnyvale in the ’70s when Proposition 13 went in. We were able to keep the taxes that we had voted on in Sunnyvale. But in the end, it isn’t necessarily that part of 13; it’s the fact that it took local control away from a school district to pass its own taxes. I’m not talking parcel tax. Parcel taxes are a new thing.
PK: Yeah, because of Prop. 13.
JM: We had things called tax overrides in the ’70s that you could add on [to] your taxes based on what your local community wanted. Now, it did create an inequality, because some school districts couldn’t raise very much when they had a tax, whereas Sunnyvale at that time could raise a lot. So maybe it’s time to go back to some way for a school district to pass a tax override. The parcel tax requires a two-thirds vote. The tax override in those days required a 50 percent plus one vote.
PK: People don’t seem to want to do that. But still if you go to San Ramon or you go to Orinda or Moraga, the schools are going to be in better shape than in urban districts. Why?
JM: They’re already high-achieving [students] coming from wealthier families. Now Berkeley, we have such a mix of those in higher incomes and those in the lower incomes but it always presented a challenge. And quite frankly, there are folks that didn’t want to go to Berkeley schools because of the fact that there was this mix of the poor and the not-so-poor. So you know, it just depends on your own feeling as an individual. My own personal feeling [is] I want my children to go to school with everybody. I don’t want them to go to school with one particular group at one particular income level. I want them to be there with everybody. That’s what the world is.
______
For more Kilduff, go to thekilduff-file.blogspot.com.
Photo courtesy Jack McLaughlin.
Jack McLaughlin Vital Stats
Age: 71
Birthplace: Shelby, Ohio.
Astrological sign: Scorpio.
Book on nightstand: “No. I’m writing.”
Motto: Never give up.
Website: mrberzerkeley.com.Using Sustainable Travel to Combat Obesity
Sustainable travel has myriad applications and associations. Typically, sustainable travel is thought to be exclusive to modes of transportation or avoiding the use of non- biodegradable materials during a trip. While such associations are certainly a welcomed application of sustainable travel, trite perceptions of sustainable travel are just a chip off of the steadily melting iceberg. Our country has become known as one of the most obese nations in the free world, and by the looks of advertising agencies with glossy marketing ads, it appears that we are proud of such a reputation. To make matters worse, the grim statistics of obesity seem to be most prevalent amongst the younger portions of our population. A population with an ever- expanding waistband means more than bigger pants; it also means more exhaust of our natural resources. Our nation isn’t obese from an excessive consumption of natural fruits and vegetables. It is the genetically modified food that must accept the blame for this epidemic, and the same source must accept the blame for the environmental toll associated with the production of these toxic chemicals.
If we know that the production of organic goods are not only better for the environment but for our families as well, why not promote their value by planning a trip to a local farmers’ market? With more farmers’ markets staying open year- round, the opportunities to change your child’s ideas about food at a pivotal moment are plentiful. Almost 20% of children under the age of 19 are considered to obese, so the need for a healthier image of eating and producing could not come at a better time.
Before embarking on your sustainable travel to share the gospel of organic and local food with your child, keep a few things in mind. First of all, it is best to check out the website of the farmers’ market you are thinking about visiting. Some farmers’ markets are more involved in the shopping experience than others, and since your aim is to excite children about eating healthy foods that are not too taxing on the environment when produced, it’s best to visit a farmers’ market with an equally exciting atmosphere. Once you have selected a farmers’ market that you know will provide a fun atmosphere for your children, plan to make their trip to the farmers’ market unlike any other shopping trip. Fully engage your child in the entire process, from explaining the origins of the products (ask a sales attendant if unsure) to weighing the products to estimating the cost of the products. By inviting your children to participate, you are not only equipping them with the knowledge of eating healthy, sustainably produced foods, but you are also giving them the confidence to make the right decisions.
A trip to the farmers’ market with your children will be less taxing on your child’s body as well as our environment, and that is a quite a winning combination.
Photo Credit: KlardrommarHazardous materials teams were trying to identify a mysterious fluid and keep it from leaking out of an abandoned business in Yukon on Friday, officials said.
Firefighters said the business on Lakeshore Drive near Mustang Road used to make asphalt but closed down long ago.
A passerby noticed the mystery fluid seeping out of a building on the property and called the city. Yukon sent its waste water team, which immediately called the fire department.
The team was at the scene for five hours bringing in dirt to contain the liquid. Firefighters said they were having trouble tracking down the owner of the property.
Firefighters report the substance has not leaked into storm drains, adding they do not believe there is any risk to the public.We will be visiting Las Cruces, NM on 9-11-2014 and interested in going to the "Organ Mountains Desert Peaks National Monument’s". I understand that this is a new National Monument, as of May 2014, and looking for input on how to get there and things to see or do. I have read that the area includes Petroglyphs, Archeological Sites, part of the Butterfield Stage Trail, Billy the Kid’s Outlaw Rock and Geronimo’s Cave... This all sounds so interesting, but I can't find any information on how to "GET TO" these sights. Please HELP!
Thank You!
Road Traveler from IllinoisMcCann, P. and Mudambi, R.
(2004)
The location behavior of the multinational enterprise: some analytical issues.
Growth and Change, 35 (4).
pp. 491-524.
ISSN 1468-2257
Full text not archived in this repository.
To link to this article DOI: 10.1111/j.1468-2257.2004.00259.x
University Staff: Request a correction | Centaur Editors: Update this record
© University of Reading181 to 200 of 1605 results
Group Protection Sales Development Program
1 days ago
You will work with a mentor Marketing Representative and Regional/Sales Manager to achieve or exceed... ... Jobs by Indeed
Outside Regional Sales Dir
1 days ago
Communicate to marketing what type of programs, promotions, and collateral are needed to drive the p... ... Jobs by Indeed
Capital Equipment Sales, Process Industries (Midwest US)
2 days ago
Supporting marketing activities by attending trade shows, conferences and other marketing events. Ou... ... Jobs by Indeed
Sales and Business Development Representative
2 days ago
Effective sales, marketing, time and project management skills necessary. Detailed Description and J... ... Jobs by Indeed
Marketing and Sales Admin - Boulder
2 days ago
High school degree required, some college preferred, particularly if pursuing a marketing (or relate... ... Jobs by Indeed
Director of Sales, Retail
2 days ago
The person reports to VP of Sales & Marketing. Develop and maintain market penetration of Airtex... ... Jobs by Indeed
Sales Director, North America
5 days ago
Marketing, Sales Engineering, Product Management and Customer Support. Marketing, Pre-Sales engineer... ... Jobs by Indeed
Applications Sales Representative I
2 days ago
Detailed Description and Job Requirements Sells a subset of product or services directly or via part... ... Jobs by Indeed
Vice President, Health Plan Sales
6 days ago
Development of Sales Presentations in coordination with Marketing. The Vice President, Sales reports... ... Jobs by Indeed
ExperienceOne Business Partner Sales Representative
6 days ago
Build and execute joint marketing OI pipeline activities. Possess deep industry knowledge of IBM Mar... ... Jobs by Indeed
External Wholesaler - Retirement & Life sales (Northern New England)
6 days ago
This person will promote products through office visits, training seminars, and public seminars. Abi... ... Jobs by Indeed
Director, Lines of Business Sales - Virtual Office
6 days ago
Work closely with the corporate sales and marketing organization to ensure all fact sheets, marketin... ... Jobs by Indeed
Inbound Sales Representative
7 days ago
Love for Inbound Marketing + Sales. Conduct needs assessments calls with marketing qualified leads. ... ... Jobs by Indeed
Part-Time Sales Account Executive: Work from Home!
7 days ago
Ongoing marketing delivering qualified leads. We have part-time, inside sales openings that are perf... ... Jobs by Indeed
Director of Sales
7 days ago
Bachelors in Business, Marketing or related field. Must be a strong team player, open to new ideas, ... ... Jobs by Indeed
Bild Sales Coach
8 days ago
A Bachelor’s degree in Business, Marketing, or Communications preferred. We have over 20 years of ex... ... Jobs by Indeed
Decision Optimization Sales Representative (CPLEX)
8 days ago
Cooperate with marketing to define creative marketing campaigns and to leverage internal and externa... ... Jobs by Indeed
Regional Sales Director - Biotherapeutics - West
8 days ago
Keeps other sales and marketing management informed of. The Director of Regional.... ... Jobs by Indeed
Sr. Administrative Associate - ESBRIET Sales & Marketing
9 days ago
Associate Director, Esbriet Marketing Example Duties and Responsibilities:. Admin ESBRIET Sales &... ... Jobs by Indeed
Regional Vice President of Sales - Central Region
9 days ago
Maintain open communications and collaborate with all cross-functional partners, including Product M... ... Jobs by Indeed[Reuters] Buyers shrug off 3D, Internet TVs
Posted by:
UGN Security
[Reuters] Buyers shrug off 3D, Internet TVs -
12/14/10
02:56 PM
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Fancy new features like 3D screens and Internet connectivity have failed to inspire U.S. television shoppers, dashing a hoped-for recovery in the global consumer electronics industry.
Sourceby David Cassilo / @dcassilo
Rick Pitino’s contract with Louisville ends after the 2016-17, and when that happens his next stop will be retirement.
Pitino, who previously coached at Boston University, Providence and Kentucky, while making stops in the NBA with the New York Knicks and Boston Celtics, signed a four-year contract extension with Louisville in August. As the Cardinals prepare for Wednesday’s Big East opener against Georgetown, the only coach to lead three teams to the Final Four was talking about the end of his career.
From USA Today:
.”
Pitino won a national title with Kentucky in 1996. This season he became the 70th coach in NCAA history to reach 600 wins.Oh Hello there! Remember me? I used to run this food blog, cook and most importantly eat things that required more than 5 minutes of my time.
Then exams happened and everything got put on hold, sometimes including eating, showering and sleeping.
But now I have no more exams. Ever. Therefore no more excuses. I’ve already got so many recipes lined up and i’m really excited to be blogging again after 5 weeks off.
I’m taking part in a competition with the Co-Operative to cook my favourite winter warmer dish.
I know I usually cook sweet recipes, but I thought I’d branch out and share my favourite ever curry recipe. Lots of winter warmer recipes contain meat, but they don’t have to, and I think this proves it.
This filling curry is spicy and warming with both white and sweet potatoes. It’s really versatile too. Want to add spinach for extra iron? Go ahead. How about some protein packed paneer? Or get a vitamin C kick from cauliflower?
It’s still pretty chilly here in the UK, so this will be on the menu for a while yet.
It’s also a great recipe for the slow cooker, just combine all the ingredients and cook on low for 6-8 hours until the potatoes are soft. It’s a great dinner to come back to after a long day at work or uni.
Do you have a favourite winter warmer recipe? What have your been cooking all winter long? A new recipe or an oldie but goody?
I like dishes that I usually have the ingredients in for, like this. Lazy right?
- 1 lb potatoes
- 1 lb sweet potatoes
- 1 tsp mustard seeds
- 1 tsp turmeric
- 1 tsp garam masala
- 1 tsp ground cumin
- 2 tsp chilli powder
- 1 tsp grated ginger
- 2 garlic cloves (crushed)
- 300ml vegetable stock
- 1 400g can of chopped tomatoes
- 1 400g can of chickpeas
- 2 tbsp coriander leaf
- Peel and chop the potatoes into cubes.
- Heat 1tbsp of vegetable oil in a large pan and add in the mustard seeds. When they begin to pop, the oil is hot enough, add in the rest of the spices, ginger and garlic and cook for 1 minute.
- Add the potatoes and coat them in the spices, then add the vegetable stock and tomatoes.
- Cover and simmer for 15 minutes or until the potatoes are soft.
- Add the chickpeas and coriander.
- Cook uncovered for a further 5 to 10 minutes.
- Serve with naan bread and rice.
- You can also add a base of onions to this. Just fry them off til soft before the potatoes are added and after the garlic and ginger.
Need Something? I Recommend:
Hungry for more vegetarian curry? I absolutely love this book:
Prashad: Indian Vegetarian Cooking
YUM. This is my kind of food… looks delicious
What a fantastic combination of flavors, I’m sure this is delicious! Thanks for sharing on the weekend re-Treat link party!
Britni @ Play. Party. Pin.
Britni recently posted…Silhouette Portrait Giveaway
What a healthy, delicious curry!!
This looks divine and so warming!
whatjessicabakednext recently posted…Triple Lemon Iced Sticky Buns (Bakery-style)
Congrats on finishing your exams! What a great feeling!! This curry looks amazing! I love sweet potatoes in anything, so this would be just perfect for me!
Cate @ Chez CateyLou recently posted…Charleston (Husk and Xiao Bao Biscuit) – Friday Dinner Series
Woo for no exams and woo for this amazing curry! It’s so awful and grey and rainy here today I would LOVE to have a giant bowl of this for dinner.
Jess @ On Sugar Mountain recently posted…Low Country Boil Soup
Welcome back! Glad to see your posts again. This dish looks so comforting. Perfect for this horrible winter weather that will just not go away.
Laura Dembowski recently posted…Ina’s Salted Caramels
Sounds like a wonderful and tasty dish. Blessings, CatherineSuppliesOutlet.com's Lexmark X463X21G compatible high yield toner cartridge is guaranteed to meet or exceed original Lexmark printer cartridges in both print quality and page yield. Our toner cartridges have been engineered to create consistent, high quality images. Our Lexmark X463X21G compatible toner cartridges are made with the highest quality new and recycled components in ISO9001 / ISO14001 certified factories. SuppliesOutlet.com offers 100% OEM compatible cartridges and a lifetime performance guarantee.
SuppliesOutlet.com is the leader in quality printer supplies.Meet other local writers and let creativity bloom! Come to the tokyo writer's salon to review work, trade literary tips, make friends and have fun! All writers ? and should-be writers ? are welcome!
1,548 Wine Enthusiasts
1,087 Geeks
2,269 Globally-Minded Movers & Shakers
762 Improvisers
1,866 Love speakers★
1,043 Aspiring Founders
Meetup members, Log in
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyIn Kilimanjaro's kingdom
Our short travel guide presents everything you need to know about travelling to Amboseli and how to enjoy an unforgettable holiday in the Kingdom of Mount Kilimanjaro..
Amboseli is world-famous for its populations of large mammals, most especially elephants of which there are around 700..I was going to cheat, until the Elder Hug-a-Bug said, "Let's make her a soft kitten to hug"
Well, luckily for us both, I got this great book at one of my favorite haunts, Sixth Chamber Books..
3 comments:
i love the cat! sewing is not in my repertoire so it's fun to admire the great things other people make.
Your cat is adorable, but tonight your banner photo from the fifth lamp made my jaw drop. The light, the boat - it's all amazing.
The cat turned out lovely! I'm rather scared of sewing stuffed animals...but that doesn't mean I won't try one of these days!Search Within
Price
Category
Manufacturer
Spa Fuse Parts
Having a spa in your home is a great way to relax, but when the spa stops working your stress level may actually rise. When your spa has electrical problems, such as a blown fuse, PoolSupplyWorld offers a convenient online resource of a variety of fuses and fuse parts to fit your specific needs. Over-current protection devices such as a fuse are essential in electrical systems to limit threats to human life and property damage. The wide selection of fuses by different name brand products such as Allied Innovations, make it easy to get your spa back up and working safely and properly, so you can get back to enjoying those relaxing waters right away.
Homes for Sale in Highland Haven, TX
- 0 Results
Showing results for zip code 78654
Featured: Real Estate in Highland Haven, Texas
1 - 0 of 0 Results
Home Buying Resources
Ask a Question
Recently asked questions in Texas. More Q&A
Contact a Local Agent
Connect with Buyer Agents in your area to get your questions answered.Username
Forgot your password?. ..Cash Loans approval in 1 Hour.
- Secure and safe
- Fast approval
- Bad Credit - OK
Fill out our short application form secured with 256-bit technology.
After the approval, review all terms and rates at the lender’s website.
Get cash deposited into bank account on the next business day.
Should you be struggling financially, after that Instant Cash Winner Pch could possibly be precisely what you must enable you to. A payday cash advance can be a small loan for between eighty and something thousand dollar that you just normally borrow for a while of energy. As it would seem, these were created to make you stay going until the following pay check, yet it is easy to take credit for, if you
Instant Cash Winner Pch are short-term money borrows that are delivered to the people who want them by the various lenders. These are secured from the client's paycheck, the spot that the money advance might be applied for on his or her monthly check. Payday loans require the client carries a good, existing employment record where they work, and infrequently the absolute minimum income level so as to meaning that they may pay the development punctually whether it's credit operating out of nature. There are numerous different laws with respect to the client's location.
Instant Cash Winner Pch assist the very best pay day loan through the convenience of your property. When you make use of our services, you simply won't ought to make use of faxes or credit rating checks. The entire application for any payday cash advance is fast and free from paper. Apply today and obtain the online pay day loans you'll need inside A day.Jabil Circuit
When large tech firms need electronics manufactured, they turn to Jabil Circuit (JBL - Get Report)..NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Shares of Mylan Inc. (MYL - Get Report) are up 3.30% to $48.59 after it was reported that the generic drugs company, along with private equity groups TPG Capital, Advent International, KKR & Co. (KKR - Get Report) , and Warburg Pincus, and some Indian drug makers, have made it through to the second round of bidding for a portfolio of mature drugs being sold by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK - Get Report) ,L).5%. Since the same quarter one year prior, revenues slightly increased by 8.0%. This growth in revenue does not appear to have trickled down to the company's bottom line, displayed by a decline in earnings per share.
- Compared to its closing price of one year ago, MYL's share price has jumped by 25.33%, exceeding the performance of the broader market during that same time frame. Regarding the stock's future course, although almost any stock can fall in a broad market decline, MYL should continue to move higher despite the fact that it has already enjoyed a very nice gain in the past year.
- The gross profit margin for MYLAN INC is rather high; currently it is at 52.57%. It has increased from the same quarter the previous year. Despite the strong results of the gross profit margin, MYL's net profit margin of 6.81% significantly trails the industry average.
- MYLAN INC's earnings per share declined by 30.4% in the most recent quarter compared to the same quarter a year ago. This company has reported somewhat volatile earnings recently. But, we feel it is poised for EPS growth in the coming year. During the past fiscal year, MYLAN INC increased its bottom line by earning $1.58 versus $1.53 in the prior year. This year, the market expects an improvement in earnings ($3.28 versus $1.58).
- You can view the full analysis from the report here: MYL Ratings Report-  932871, 24 pages.
Abstract
Both the entire weight and joint displacements of grid structures are minimized at the same time in this study. Four multiobjective optimization algorithms, NSGAII, SPEAII, PESAII, and AbYSS are employed to perform computational procedures related to optimization processes. The design constraints related to serviceability and ultimate strength of grid structure are implemented from Load and Resistance Factor Design-American Institute of Steel Constructions (LRFD-AISC Ver.13). Hence, while the computational performances of these four optimization algorithms are compared using different combinations of optimizer-related parameters, the various strengths of grid members are also evaluated. For this purpose, multiobjective optimization algorithms (MOAs) employed are applied to the design optimization of three application examples and achieved to generate various optimal designations using different combinations of optimizer-related parameters. According to assessment of these optimal designations considering various quality indicators, IGD, HV, and spread, AbYSSS shows a better performance comparatively to the other three proposed MOAs, NSGAII, SPEAII, and PESAII.
1. Introduction
The grillage systems utilized in different structures like bridge or ship decks, building floors and space buildings, and so forth, contain traverse and longitudinal beams, which are made of available steel profiles with different cross-sections. The optimal selection of steel cross-sections from a discrete set of practically available steel profiles provides a big contribution to constructing cost of a grid structure. Therefore, either weight of grid structure or deflection of its joints is minimized according to certain design limitations prescribed by any code of practice, such as LRFD. During the design optimization of grillage systems, designer is frequently faced with a problem related to making a decision about determination of the most appropriate one between these two conflicting and commensurable objective functions. Although a displacement-related constraint is imposed as a (max span/300) according to the provisions of LRFD-AISC specification, the safety margin on displacement constraint is large when taking into account the grid structures with higher sensitivity against displacement, such as ship decks and floors of industrial buildings which bears special machines required an horizontally balanced position for a regular work. This task has been easily overcome in a way of introducing the concept of multiobjective optimization to the design applications of grid systems.
Preliminary multiobjective optimization techniques, which their fundamentals were constituted on mathematical programming principles, were dated back to the 1950s. However, mathematical programming techniques adjust the decision variables of continuous type according to gradient information computed by use of objective functions. Furthermore, they fail when search space is concave and discontinuous. In order to deal with these tasks, alternative optimization procedures, which mimic various natural events, for example, evolutionary systems, immune systems, social behaviors of ants, insects, and animals, have been developed. The most preferable ones are the evolutionary-based algorithms. These biological evolutionary models utilize characteristic properties of nature, for example, heredity, selection, and so forth, to create populations with higher qualities. Particularly, genetic algorithms (GAs) are the most flexible multiobjective evolutionary tools due to allowing an implementation of various operators for its evolutionary computation. Therefore, it has been hybridized with different local search techniques.
First study on the multiobjective evolutionary optimization, called Vector Evaluated Genetic Algorithm (VEGA) was performed by use of GA’s principle [1]. VEGA employs a number of subpopulations to search the solution space considering a modified selection mechanism. Following the emergence of VEGA, two featured approaches, linear aggregating and lexicographic ordering of objective functions were developed [2, 3]. They transformed all objective functions into a single objective function by way of optimizing each objective function without decreasing their solution qualities.
As an alternative to early attempts mentioned above, a pareto-based evolutionary approach was developed to increase the population diversity [4]. Some of the preliminary pareto-based multiobjective optimization approaches are Nondominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm (NSGA) by Srinivas and Deb [5], a Niched Pareto Genetic Algorithm (NPGA) by Horn et al. [6], a Multiobjective Genetic Algorithm (MOGA) by Fonseca and Fleming [7], and a Multiobjective Evolutionary Algorithm (MOEA) by Tanaka and Tanino [8]. In order to improve their optimal results, these algorithms have been developed by either enhancing their current optimization strategies, such as Nondominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGA II), Improved Strength Pareto Evolutionary Algorithm II (SPEA II), Improved Pareto Envelope-Based Selection Algorithm (Region-Based Selection) II (PESA II), or adapting a competitive Search Technique, such as Adapting Scatter Search AbYSS.
Although it is clear that there are a number of evolutionary methods known in the field of evolutionary multiobjective optimization, in this paper, an exhaustive literature review on this field is omitted. Instead, representative works related to four multiobjective optimization techniques employed are summarized. Furthermore, the recent multiobjective approaches utilized in the field of structural engineering design are also reviewed.
In this regard, paper is organized as firstly introducing the first steps in MOAs including applications in the field of structural engineering after a brief introduction to the multiobjective optimization problem and concepts. The computational procedures of proposed MOAs, NSGAII, SPEA II, PESA II, and AbYSS are presented in Section 3. The design requirements prescribed by LRFD-AISC Ver.13 and optimal design procedure are given in Section 4 prior to the introduction of search methodology located in Section 5. Following the discussion of results along presented in Section 6, final remarks are summarized in Section 7.
2. Background
2.1. Multiobjective Optimization: Problem and Concepts
A general multiobjective optimization problem consisted of objective functions and constraints, defined by decision variables, is represented as follows:
bounded by an upper and lower value, and are used to represent a decision variable set defined in decision variable space (DS) and computation of both objective functions and constrains and in a solution space (SS). In order to explore the optimal solutions (designations) located in feasible region (FR) which contains the unpenalized solutions of SS, the obtained solutions are penalized when they do not satisfy the constraint conditions. Then, the penalized values denoted by are included into their related objective functions .
At each run of an evolutionary optimization algorithm, a random solutions set is obtained. Some of them are Nondominated solutions (none is better for all objectives) and referred to as “pareto solution” defined in a concept named as domination [9]. Thus, the pareto solutions are used to form “pareto front” which determines bounds of Nondominated solutions.
2.2. First Steps in MOAs
After introduction of the evolutionary mechanism to the multiobjective optimization problem, the development of new multiobjective approaches has been accelerated [4]. Primary one of these approaches is Nondominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm (NSGA) proposed by Srinivas and Deb [5]. NSGA determines the Nondominated solutions according to ranks of their reproductive potentials.
Although pareto-ranking procedure gives a guarantee for transmission of elite individuals to next generations, an excessive repetition of ranking procedure causes to lose promising genetic material due to the genetically distortion of migrated data. In order to diminish this negative effect, Niched Pareto Genetic Algorithm (NPGA) that determined the Nondominated solutions by tournament selection method was suggested [6]. Afterwards, Fonseca and Fleming [7] suggested a penalization process that generated the promising pareto solutions considering their crowding densities.
Using an external archive to store Nondominated solutions leads to an increase in the capabilities of multiobjective optimization tools, such as in an evolutionary search proposed by Zitzler and Thiele, called Strength Pareto Evolutionary Algorithm (SPEA) [10]. The members of external archive are chosen according to their closeness to pareto front. However, enlargement of the external archive makes the convergence speed of its evolutionary search to be poor due to a decrease in its selection pressure. In order to deal with this difficulty, Knowles and Corne [11] suggested a grid system, called Pareto Archived Evolutionary Strategy (PAES) to compute the optimization-related procedures. Hence, distributing the entire population to this grid system by an adaptive mapping process, which of each node was used to represent an individual, makes it easier to maintain the diversity in pareto set.
2.3. An Overview of MOAs Applied in Field of Structural Engineering
Although MOAs mentioned above are successful for a solution space represented by design variable of continuous type, they fail to explore optimal designations in nonconcave and discontinuous solution space of structural design problems represented by design variables of discrete type. Hence, the preliminary studies in the field of structural engineering with multiple objectives were developed using weighting [12], goal programming [13, 14], and modified game theory methods [15]. Sunar and Kahraman [16] compared the computational performances of these algorithms considering optimal designations of a space truss with 25 bars and a satellite system and showed that modified game theory and goal programming were superior to weighting approach. Although it was reported that the weighting approach failed to explore Nondominated solutions on nonconvex parts of pareto front [17–19], it has been improved due to its easy adaptable mechanism. One of these attempts was based on a systematic alteration of objective function weights [20]. This adaptive approach was applied to design optimization of a truss problem with 3 bars and achieved to obtain a well-distributed pareto set in a nonconcave solution space.
Real-world engineering structures are represented by a large number of discrete design variables. Hence, the evolutionary search is easily misguided due to an increase in the computational effort. Therefore, new optimization algorithms inspired by some biological events, such as particle swarm, differential evolution [21], artificial immune system [22], ant colony [23], and some other evolutionary algorithms, such as microgenetic algorithm [24] have been utilized to solve optimization problems with multiple objectives.
Janga and Nagesh proposed an evolutionary technique, called elitist-mutated particle swarm optimization and applied to three test problems: design optimizations of two-bar truss, I-beam, and welded beam [25].
Cooperate and coevolutionary strategies were introduced to the evolutionary search mechanism to increase diversity within the set of Nondominated solutions stored [26]. For this purpose, chromosomes divided into different species are recombined and evolved to create a pareto set. However, the number of chromosomes chosen may exceed their predetermined number. In order to deal with this difficulty, the exceeded number of chromosomes is reduced according to the qualities of their crowding distances and redistributed using an elitism strategy. The fundamentals of NSGA [5], Niched Pareto Genetic Algorithm (NPGA) [27, 28], and Controlled Elitist Nondominated Genetic Algorithm (CNSGA) [5] were constituted on this approach. The proposed evolutionary approach, which of main evolutionary operations has similarities to the optimization algorithms named NSGA, NPGA, and CNSGA, were utilized for topology optimization of 2D heat transfer structures. It was demonstrated that using a decreased size of species increased the computational performance of the proposed optimization procedure.
The other promising approaches were developed as hybridizing these methods with each other. One of substantial attempts is the integration of neural network and fuzzy systems to provide a control mechanism for an evolutionary mechanism [29]. While a neural network is utilized to predict an individual with higher quality, operator parameters of evolutionary algorithm are updated according to the rules of fuzzy logic. This hybrid system was applied for design optimization of several composite beams with three layers, piezoelectric bimorph beam, a truss structure, and airplane wing and displayed to obtain more converged optimal designations comparing to a pure and independent usage of each algorithms without any hybrid implementation.
3. Introduction of MOAs, NSGAII, SPEA II, PESA II, and AbYSS for Design Optimization of Grillage Systems Utilizing Multiple Objectives
Although it is displayed that the evolutionary algorithms have been successfully utilized as optimization tools, some computational bottlenecks cause to obtain a poor-distributed pareto front. In order to increase their ability in generation of promising designations for a diverse pareto front, the conventional MOAs have been improved and/or developed. The promising versions are NSGA II, SPEA II, PESA II, and AbYSS. In this study, these improved or developed MOAs, are utilized for the optimal designations of grillage systems noting that the design optimization of grillage systems was carried out using a single objective by up to now [30–32] and a displacement-based matrix analysis approach [33]. In order to execute their optimization procedures, JMETAL coded in a programming language Java is employed [34]. Both JMETAL and the proposed four MOAs are introduced in the following subsections.
A Brief Introduction of JMETAL
JMETAL coded in a platform of object-oriented Java is used as an optimization tool to solve the multiobjective optimization problems [34]. It contains a number of classes which represent the building blocks of various multiobjective algorithms. However, their basic evolutionary-related elements are the same. Therefore, the architecture of JMETAL is constituted on a simple but an interdependently higher framework. JMETAL is an open source project. The computational procedures of various MOAs including the ones employed in this study are extensively documented in [34]. Therefore, the description of its base classes is not presented. Instead, the computational order of the preliminary classes that contain the fundamental parameters is briefly depicted by the pseudocodes. Whereas the class names are presented by use of a mark “ ”, their related parameters are defined by use of italic characters.
In general, JMETAL contains six packages, named “base, experiments, metaheuristics, problems, quality indicator and util”. While the package of “experiments” includes configurations of various metaheuristic procedures, such as AbYSS and NSGAII, their default configurations are located in the “settings” package. Design problems with various complexities are comprised in the “problems” package. The run of JMETAL firstly begins by execution of a purposed metaheuristic class, such as AbYSS.Java, located in the “experiments” package. This class invokes the experiment class which is responsible for activation of proposed metaheuristic algorithm. The purposed metaheuristic class invokes a class of design problem to be solved. Basic computation processes, named “evaluate () and evaluateconstaint (),” are carried out in this class, named design problem. Due to the use of binary coding scheme for the evolutionary computations, generated individuals can exceed the predefined upper bounds of design variables. In order to deal with inappropriate binary strings, the purposed meta-heuristic class named AbYSS.Java, and its related subclasses are extended by including a new class named “repairing mechanism” which is responsible to correct the decoded values of binary strings according to the limits of design variables.
3.1. Nondominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II, NSGA II
NSGA was firstly designed by Srinivas and Deb [5]. The evolutionary computation of NSGA is managed by classified “population size” individuals. Classification process begins firstly ranking the population in order to determine Nondominated individuals. Then, fitness values of individuals are shared considering their niching measures. The individuals with shared fitness values are selected by use of a selection method, called “stochastic universal sampling” and regenerated using mutation operator with a probability mutation_probablity and combination operator with a probability crossover_probablity until completing a predetermined evolution number max_evolution. The enhanced version of NSGA, NSGA II (see pseudocode in Algorithm 1) was developed to increase diversity among individuals [35, 36]. Although NSGA II utilizes the evolutionary operators for generation of individuals as in the computational procedure of NSGA, the generated individuals stored in an archive with population_size individuals are used to obtain a pareto front considering crowding distances of individuals. Furthermore, a hypercube, which is formed by use of the Nondominated individuals, is utilized to compute a hypervolume.
3.2. Improved Strength Pareto Evolutionary Algorithm, SPEA II
The primary version of SPEA approach was firstly suggested by Zitzler and Thiele [10]. Its evolutionary processes are managed by two populations. While one of these populations, called regular population is utilized to generate offspring, other population, called an archive with archive_size individuals is employed to preserve the evolutionary information of pareto front. In the beginning of evolutionary process, the archive is empty and filled by promising individuals. The exceed number of individuals are reduced giving a higher chance to the individuals of archive. For this purpose, a clustering technique which is based on an assignment of strength value to the individuals and an assessment of these individuals according to their strength values is utilized to discard the related individuals. However, a decrease in variation among individuals of population causes to increase the randomness in the evolutionary search and hence decrease the accuracy degree of density estimation, which is utilized by clustering process [37]. This leads to vanishing of the promising solutions located on the pareto front. In order to deal with this negativity, SPEA II is developed. SPEA II estimates density of strength values using th nearest neighbor method (see Algorithm 2). Furthermore, a new selection mechanism, called “environmental selection”, is used to update the archive and to preserve promising solutions during truncation of archive.
3.3. Improved Pareto Envelope-Based Selection Algorithm (Region-Based Selection), PESA II
Pareto Envelope-Based Selection Algorithm (PESA) was firstly presented by Corne et al. [38]. Having similarities to basic features of SPEA II, PESA uses two populations for its evolutionary processes. However, in the estimation of strength-value density, PESA uses a measure called “sequence factor.” An extended version of PESA, PESA II, utilizes hyperboxes which are obtained by dividing the entire search space into small ones (see Algorithm 3). Thus, the number of individuals contained in hyperboxes is used to determine a sequence factor. Following the determination of subregion numbers defined by bisections, the archive is created in the module named “AdaptiveGridArchive.” A population called “solution” is initialized and evolved by the application of evolutionary operators until being completed a fixed evolution number. Although SPEA II was shown to be computationally faster than NSGA II and SPEA II, some complicating tasks, such as possibility of existing dominated individuals in any hyperboxes, keeping a fixed number of subregions throughout the evolutionary search, and so forth, must be overcome in order to obtain satisfactory optimal designations [39, 40].
3.4. Adaptive Scatter Search for Multiobjective Optimization, AbYSS
AbYSS can be categorized as an evolutionary-search-based optimization algorithm derived by use of principle features of NSGA II, PESA II, and SEPA II [41]. A pseudocode for ABYSS is presented in Algorithm 4. After initializing a population with population_size individuals, the population is firstly regenerated using grid-based search technique named “diversification generation.” Then, the regenerated population is maintained by discarding the mutated individuals with poor qualities according to a dominance-based comparison test. This elimination process named “improvement” is inspired from NSGA II approach. Then, a search process named “reference update” is invoked to firstly construct a sub-population RefSet2 with Ref_Set_size individuals from a sub-population RefSet1 with Ref_Set2_size individuals and then, update the sub-population RefSet2. The sub-population RefSet2 is built by the individuals of RefSet1 with minimum euclidian distance. After generation of reference sets, the Nondominated individuals extracted from the reference sets are stored in an external population called archive with archive_size individuals using density estimation of individuals. In this regard, the existence of individuals in a densest region is identified considering their niching measures. Its features of utilizing the niching measures and density estimation for the evolutionary search are inspired from adaptive grid method by PAES II and selection strategy by SPEA II, respectively.
4. Optimum Design of Grillage Systems
The proposed four MOAs are presented in the previous section. These MOAs are evaluated for the optimal designations of grillage systems in this study. For this purpose, the objective functions, their related constraints, and structural analysis procedures are coded in Java. In this regard, the design requirements used in constraints and design optimization procedure are introduced in Sections 4.1 and 4.2.
4.1. Design Requirements of Grillage Systems according to LRFD-AISC Ver.13
Grillage systems comprise a number of lateral braced beams. If the beams loaded in plane of lateral system have no sufficient lateral stiffness, then they are buckled out of plane of loading. This case is called lateral-torsional buckling. The lateral-torsional buckling strength varies depending on the unbraced length and compactness of beam plays an important role in the load carrying capacity of beam. If a compact beam determined according to its web and flange dimensions has a sufficient unbraced length, then nominal flexural strength is calculated in an elastic domain, otherwise an inelastic one. In the inelastic case, a short and unbraced beam length causes to yield its outer fibers before attaining elastic buckling load. The formulation of nominal flexural strength Mn that is managed by limit states of yielding, lateral torsional, and flange local buckling is presented in the following part as defined in AISC-LRFD Ver.13 (see Figure 1). For simplicity, two distinct figures used to depict the lateral-torsional and flange local buckling depicted in AISC-LRFD Ver.13 is coarsely combined, but equation numbers corresponding to formulations for limit states are presented in a separate parenthesis.
The limit states of yielding of beam cross-section are written as
In elastic and inelastic domains, two unbraced lengths and are used to determine the compactness of sections manage the strength of lateral-torsional buckling. Nominal-flexural strength is computed as follows.
For inelastic-torsional buckling limited by ,where,
For elastic-torsional buckling occurred in a segment limited by (see Figure 1), where,
In (6), moment modification factor is utilized to consider the effect of lower torsional buckling arisen from a nonuniform distribution of moment. Therefore, associating with moment diagrams, it is computed as follows.
The local buckling of flanges for noncompact section is governed by two parameters, , . Depending on these parameters, nominal-flexural strength is computed as follows.
For inelastic-flange buckling occurred in a segment limited by ,
For elastic-flange buckling occurred in a segment limited by ,
In addition, nominal-shear strength is computed as follows (see the limit states of shear strength in Figure 2): where, In (11), web-plate buckling coefficient is equal to 5 for unstiffened webs with .
4.2. Design Procedure for Optimal Grillage Systems
In this work, a design problem of grillage system is represented by two objectives, entire weight of grillage system, and joint deflection, and expressed as follows: Subject to
The term is total weight of all grid members and computed using and which are unit weight to be selected from W-sections list of LRFD-AISC Ver.13 and length of a grid member. While is termed as a joint displacement corresponding to related degree of freedom which is denoted , total numbers of joint and grid member are indicated by and . is taken as (max span/300). In constraint inequalities, while displacements of joints are constrained by an upper limit , bending-moment strength of grid members is limited by allowable nominal-moment strength . Shear strength of grid members is limited by allowable nominal-shear strength (see in (11)). In (14) and (15), and are resistance factors for moment and shear and taken as 0.9. Furthermore, it must be noted that indicated in (14) manages total three strength requirements: yielding (2), flange-local buckling (9) and (10), and lateral-torsional buckling (3) and (5).
5. Search Methodology
Due to the fact that application problems are chosen from real-world engineering design problems with design variables of discrete type, a reliable and consistent search strategy must be established for an evaluation of proposed MOAs’ search capabilities. After generating optimal designations, the computational performances of MOAs are assessed according to the closeness of these designations to a pareto front known beforehand thereby using a number of quality measuring metrics. Furthermore, accuracy of assessment of multiobjective optimization algorithms must be confirmed by outcomes of statistical tests. The other important difficulty is how to adopt a common methodology for a conventional mathematical model, which is performed its computational procedures by usage of design variables of continuous type. Therefore, a reasonable approach is to obtain a pareto front by running current discrete optimization model in bigger and repeated generation numbers. In this regard, independent 10 runs of proposed MOAs are executed by use of both increased and decreased size of generation and population. Then, optimal designations obtained are utilized in computation of quality-measuring metrics, such as hyper volume and generational distance. Due to the nature of stochastic algorithms, a statistical test for analysis of these quality-measuring metrics computed must be performed with a certain level of confidence. Moreover, in order to decrease the effect of parameter values of evolutionary operators on MOAs’ performance evaluation, various parameter combinations are also considered. Details about quality-measuring metrics and statistical tests employed for MOAs’ performance assessment are presented in Sections 5.1 and 5.2.
5.1. Quality-Measuring Metrics
Differentiation in MOAs architecture prevents to lay down the different aspects of MOAs’ performance. Therefore, quality indicators have a big impact on accurately evaluation of MOAs performance. In this study, three quality indicators, hyper volume ratio (Hv), inverted generational distance (IGD), and spread are employed.
Hyper Volume Ratio
Hyper volume (HV) is an indicator which defines a volume covered by Nondominated set of solutions included in a region bounded by a pareto front (see (17)). For this purpose, a reference point chosen among Nondominated solutions with worst objective is utilized in computation of hypercube of each Nondominated solutions,
Hyper volume ratio (HVR) is an indicator which shows a ratio of current hyper volume to the true hyper volume computed by use of true pareto front and nondominated solutions true pareto front (see (18)),
Higher values of HVR indicate a large coverage of Nondominated solutions in a solution space.
Inverted Generational Distance
Inverted generational distance (IGD) estimates the far of Nondominated solutions included in current pareto front generated by the proposed MOA, from those included in true pareto front (see (19)), where is number of Nondominated solutions found by proposed MOA and is Euclidian distance between each of these and nearest member of true pareto front. A lower value of IGD indicates an increase in approximation of current pareto front obtained to the true pareto front in terms of convergence.
Spread
This quality metric abbreviated as () is used to measure an expanding spread exhibited by Nondominated solutions obtained and computed as where is Euclidian distance between consecutive Nondominated solutions, is mean of these distances, and and are distances to extreme solutions of current pareto front. A lower value points out a better distribution among Nondominated solutions. In other words, it is implied that Nondominated solutions are located in different positions.
5.2. Statistical Tests
The quality indicators mentioned above are utilized in comparison of MOAs’ distribution qualities. Therefore, after computing means and standard deviations of quality indicators obtained by in the end of independent 10 executions, consistency of these results are checked through performing a statistical analysis in a certain level of confidence. If a probability value resulted from a statistical testing procedure satisfies a user-defined significance level, then it is said that distribution of current MOAs approximation set is acceptable.
Computational procedures of the statistical analysis are performed in MATLAB [42]. Firstly, lillie test is carried out to check quality indicator values for whether to be exhibited a normal distribution (if the null distribution is completely specified, then Kolmogorov-Smirnov test is more appropriate). Then, existence of a variance homogeneity is controlled through Levene’ test. If homogeneity in the variance exists, Welch test is performed, otherwise Anova test. In order to compare the statistical outputs acquired from different algorithms, a post hoc testing is performed through “multicompare” function coded in MATLAB.
6. Discussion of Results
It is known that the computational performances of MOAs vary depending on the values of their interacting parameters. Therefore, in order to provide an accurate evaluation for their computational performances, some combination sets of parameter values are chosen. Due to a variety on the operator parameters of MOAs, various parameter combinations and the assigned values for their evolutionary operators are summarized in Table 1. The combination numbers (C. No.) are denoted by superscripts attached to related parameter values. In order to provide unbiased competition for the performance evaluation of MOAs employed, the parameter values of evolutionary operators are kept for each MOA. In this regard, the parameter combinations are sorted into two main groups denoted by numbers (1–4) and (5–8). Furthermore, each of main groups contains both upper and lower value sets of mutation and crossover distribution indexes in order to provide an intensive mutation or crossover effect for evolutionary search. For example, in first case of AbYSS (shown by italic characters in Table 1), Crossover and Mutation Probability values are 1.00 and 1.00; the values of Crossover and Mutation Distribution Indexes are 30 and 30; the values of Reference set I–II and archive size are 20, 20, and 40. Hence, reproducibility of related MOAs by use of these parameters is ensured. The detailed descriptions of these parameters are found in Section 3.
The penalty-related parameters used by penalty functions of weight and displacement are taken as and 0.005, and 2, and and 1 for and (see (17) and (18)), respectively.
Using these different parameter combinations, an optimal design of grillage systems is carried out by four MOAs, NSGA II, SPEA II, PESA II, and AbYSS according to optimum design procedure mentioned previously. The yield stress, elastic modulus, and shear modulus of steel material used to construct the grillage system are taken as 50 ksi (345 MPa), 29,000 ksi (200 MPa), and 14,500 ksi (100 MPa). Cross-sectional properties of grid members are chosen from a discrete set with 274 W-sections. Sequence number of each cross-sections included in this profile list database is the same as given in LRFD-AISC Ver.13 and contains all sectional properties (such as area, inertia moments in all directions). Design variables are represented by binary strings. Thus, a binary length of with possible gene combinations will be adequate to represent 274 ready sections. Profile list database, finite element attributes of design examples and a structural analysis formulation for the grillage system are coded in Java in order to appropriately compile with the optimization tool named JMETAL. In this regard, a user-defined input data coded in Java Language and related parts are presented for the design optimization of example 1 by utilizing AbYSS algorithm-based optimizer (see Algorithm 5). Details about class names and their related packages in Algorithm 4 are given in Section 3.
Design examples of real-world engineering structures are presented in an order of increasing size of their elements and joints. In order to display the change in the strength of grid members, both penalized and unpenalized optimal results corresponding to its maximum joint displacement or weight of grid structure are presented considering the joint and member numbers. Furthermore, convergence history obtained in the end of a complete evolutionary search is also presented. In order to provide an easier visualization for both weight and displacement values, the weight and displacement values are displayed for each of 100 equal segments obtained by a division of the maximum evolution number. Thus, the optimal designation located in one of these segments is easily determined.
6.1. Design Example 1: A Grid System with 4 and 3 Bays
This simple grillage system depicted in Figure 3 has four longitudinal and three lateral bays. Grid members of grillage system in and directions are linked into two separate groups: grid members (1–16) as design variable 1, grid members (17–32) as design variable 2, grid members (33–44) as design variable 3, grid members (45–56) as design variable 4, grid members (57–68) as design variable 5. Lengths of spans are ft (3.2004 m), ft (3.5052 m), ft (3.6576 m), ft (3.6576 m), ft (4.0386 m), ft (3.81 m), and ft (3.048 m). Magnitudes of loads are taken as 17.9847 kipf (80.00 kN) for and , 20.2328 kipf (90.00 kN) for and , 17.9847 kipf (80.00 kN) for and , 15.7366 kipf (70.00 kN) for , and 16.8606 kipf (75.00 kN) for . The value of allowable displacement is constrained as (13.25/300 = 0.0441 ft; 13.4416 mm).
The pareto fronts of a set of random Nondominated solutions obtained by both use of an increased population size and evolution number and AbYSS, NSGAII, PESAII, and SPEAII are depicted in Figures 4(a) and 4(b1)–4(b4). The means of quality indicator values, standard deviations values corresponding to best means, and assessment of significance levels according to statistical tests are presented in Tables 2 and 3. Considering Tables 2 and 3, an increase in the evolution number and population size leads to an improvement in the values of quality indicator, in other words, an increase in the convergence degree of optimal designations. According to assessment of statistical analysis results corresponding to the lower evolution number and population size, it is clear that there is not a statistical confidence among proposed MOAs. The best values of quality indicators are obtained by AbYSS. SPEAII and PESAII exhibits better computational performance compared to NSGAII. It is also observed that an increase in the evolution number and population size forces MOAs to use higher values of operator parameter for improvement of their optimal designation qualities. This result is confirmed by examining the values of quality indicators with bold and italic characters. These higher quality indicator values are obtained by Cases 1–4, which indicate a usage of lower evolution number and population size and Cases 5–8, which indicate a usage of higher evolution number and population size. Considering the best spread values, the pareto fronts obtained by four MOAs employed are compared with both each other and the pareto front obtained by use of higher population size and evolution number (Figures 4(b1)–4(b4)). The convergence history of the optimizer AbYSS (Case 3) with the best spread value 0.8067 is presented in Figure 5 with two axes. A designation with (weight = 5446.1415 lb (2470.3282 kg) and displacement = 0.0406 ft (12.3748 mm)) is obtained in a generation of no. = 4638 located in a segment of no. 92 with an interval .
The strength values of grid members are displayed considering penalized designation corresponding to a maximum displacement (weight = 18128.2500 lb (8222.835 kg) and displacement = 0.3977 ft (121.2189 mm); see Figures 6(a1)–6(a5)) and unpenalized designations corresponding to a maximum displacement (weight = 17095.5000 lb (7754.3883 kg) and displacement = 0.0068 ft (2.0721 mm)) and a maximum weight (weight = 74672.5000 lb (33870.8762 kg) and displacement = 0.0002 ft (0.0609 mm); see Figures 6(b1)–6(b5) and 6(c1)–6(c5)). Whereas the penalized designation corresponding to the maximum displacement contains a W-section set (W30×292, W6×12, W27×235, W6×12, and W8×15), the unpenalized designations corresponding to the maximum displacement and weight are represented by W-section sets (W24×68, W30×124, W27×129, and W30×148) and (W14×370, W14×455, W36×529, W36×652, and W36×361), respectively. The most critical strength values of penalized designation satisfied none of the constraints is obtained by both torsional and flange buckling-related constraints (see Figures 6(a1)–6(a5)). Examining the strength values depicted in Figures 6(b1)–6(b5) and 6(c1)–6(c5), limit state values of unpenalized designations corresponding to the maximum weight are higher than one corresponding to the maximum displacement due to a usage of the bigger cross-sectional properties for design variables. Furthermore, a common point of these strengths obtained by both panelized and unpenalized solutions corresponding to the maximum displacement is that the yielding limit state has a big impact on the flange buckling, torsional and yielding strengths (see Figures 6(a1), 6(a4), and 6(a5) and 6(b1), 6(b4), and 6(b5)).
6.2. Design Example 2: A Grid System with Five Bays
A grillage system with 160 grid members and 152 nodes is shown in Figure 7. This grillage system is almost 10-times larger than first design example. Grid members are linked in 8 separate groups, resulting in total four design variables in direction and total four design variables in direction. According to this linkage system, members (1–20), (21–40), (41–60), (61–80), (81–100), (101–120), (121–140), and (141–160) are linked to represent design variables respectively. Magnitude of loads – is equal to 49.46 kipf (219.998 kN). Lengths of spans are ft (2.200 m), ft (2.505 m), ft (2.398 m). The value of allowable displacement is constrained as (8.22/300 = 0.0274 ft; 8.3515 mm).
The pareto fronts of a set of random Nondominated solutions obtained by both use of an increased population size and evolution number and AbYSS, NSGAII, PESAII, and SPEAII are depicted in Figures 8(a) and 8(b1)–8(b4). The means of quality indicator values, standard deviations values corresponding to best means and assessment of significance levels according to statistical tests are reported in Tables 4 and 5. Examining the values of quality indicators tabulated in Tables 4 and 5, it is seen that the lower evolution number and population size decrease the quality degree of optimal designations leading to obtain an inconsistent statistical confidence among quality indicators. However, the quality degree of optimal designations is elevated associated by an increase in the evolution number and population size. According to the quality indicator values, AbYSS (Case 1) succeeded to obtain a lower spread 0.8356 and a higher hyper-volume value 0.9419 compared to NSGAII, PESAII, and SPEAII. It is also observed that a higher optimality degree is obtained by use of either lower parameter values of evolutionary operators in conjunction with a decreased evolution number and population size or higher ones in conjunction with an increased evolution number a population size. This claim is approved by examining the quality indicator values with bold and italic characters obtained by Cases 1–4, which indicate a usage of lower evolution number and population size and Cases 5–8, which indicate a usage of higher evolution number and population size (see Tables 4 and 5). Considering the best spread values, the pareto fronts obtained by four MOAs employed are compared with both each other and the pareto front obtained by use of higher population size and evolution number (Figure 8(b1)–8(b4)). The convergence history of the optimizer AbYSS (Case 1) with the best spread value 0.8067 is presented in Figure 9 with two axes. A designation with (weight = 13584.2465 lb (6161.7105 kg) and displacement = 0.0798 ft (24.3230 mm)) is obtained in a generation of no. = 4257 located in a segment of no. 85 with an interval .
The strength values of grid members are displayed considering penalized designation corresponding to a maximum displacement (weight = 9888.9999 lb (4485.5749 kg) and displacement = 0.1633 ft (49.7738 mm); see Figure 10(a1)–10(a5)) and unpenalized designations corresponding to a maximum displacement (weight = 32718.4000 lb (14840.8165 kg) and displacement = 0.0125 ft (3.81 mm)) and a maximum weight (weight = 102588.7500 lb (46533.4742 kg) and displacement = 0.0025 ft (0.762 mm); see Figures 10(b1)–10(b5) and 10(c1)–10(c5)). Whereas the penalized designation corresponding to the maximum displacement contains a W-section set (W14×38, W12×45, W12×53, W18×55, W12×22, W6×8.5, W6×20, and W18×71), the unpenalized designations corresponding to the maximum displacement and weight are represented by W-section sets (W12×87, W24×131, W33×152, W10×112, W24×131, W12×170, W21×132, W14×132) and (W40×149, W12×210, W36×441, W36×529, W36×395, W36×330, W36×361, and W27×194), respectively. An increase in the displacement values causes convergence in the flange bucking, torsional, and yielding-related strength values to their related yielding limit values. Hence, the distribution of these strengths on the grid members becomes more close to their limit state values (see Figure 10(a1), 10(a4) and 10(a5) and 10(b1), 10(b4), and 10(b5)). An increase in the weight of grid structure leads to an elevation in the limit state values (see Figure 10(c1)–10(c5)).
6.3. Design Example 3: A Grid System with Five and Six Bays
This grillage system with 236 members and 219 joint points has the highest complexity among design examples due to both lower number of support points constructed to carry a large grillage area and higher number of members and joints (see Figure 11). Grid members (1–20), (21–40), (41–60), (61–80), (81–100), (101–120), and (121–140) are linked to represent design variables in direction while design variables , and 11 in direction are assigned to lattice beams which are denoted by (, and ), (, and ), (, and ), and (, and ). Magnitude of loads (– and –), (– and –), (– and –), and (–) are taken as 24.730 kipf (109.999 kN), 35.970 kipf (159.995 kN), 38.210 kipf (169.959 kN) and 42.710 kipf (189.974 kN). Lengths of spans are equal to ft (2.30 m), ft (2.399 m), ft (2.499 m), ft (2.599 m), and ft (2.798 m). The value of allowable displacement is constrained as (9.18/300 = 0.0306 ft; 9.3268 mm)
The pareto fronts of a set of random Nondominated solutions obtained by both use of an increased population size and evolution number and AbYSS, NSGAII, PESAII, and SPEAII are depicted in Figures 12(a) and 12(b1)–12(b4). The quality indicator related-quantities including statistical test results are reported in Tables 6 and 7. According to tabulated valued in Tables 6 and 7, a decrease in the evolution number and population size causes the quality indicator values to be poor and hence statistical confidence to be inconsistent. Considering the indicator values in Table 7, it is obvious that AbYSS (Case 1) shows a better computational performance by obtaining a lower spread 0.8168 and a higher hyper-volume value 0.9657 compared to NSGAII, PESAII, and SPEAII. Also, the quality indicators obtained by PESAII and SPEAII are better than NSGAII. According to the convergence history of AbYSS (Case 1) with the best spread value 0.8168 presented in Figure 13, a designation with (weight = 22354.1046 lb (10139.6512 kg) and displacement = 0.2331 ft (71.0488 mm)) is obtained in a generation of no. = 4461 located in a segment of no. 89 with a interval .
The strength values of grid members are displayed considering penalized designation corresponding to a maximum displacement (weight = 36375.3700 lb (16499.5902 kg) and displacement = 0.7651 ft (233.2024 mm); see Figure 14(a1)–14(a5)) and unpenalized designations corresponding to a maximum displacement (weight = 44028.4600 lb (19970.9735 kg) and displacement = 0.02142 ft (6.528 mm)) and a maximum weight (weight = 176334.6800 lb (79984.0654 kg) and displacement = 0.0066 ft (2.0116 mm); see Figures 14(b1)–14(b5) and 14(c1)–14(c5)). Whereas the penalized designation corresponding to the maximum displacement contains a W-section set (W16×40, W12×45, W30×391, W14×30, W12×30, W12×19, W8×15, W12×96, W18×175, W10×39, and W30×116), the unpenalized designations corresponding to the maximum displacement and weight are represented by W-section sets (W18×106, W18×106, W18×106, W12×170, W18×106, W18×106, W18×106, W18×97, W21×122, W21×122, and W18×97), and (W40×503, W12×305, W14×500, W14×730, W14×550, W40×278, W16×100, W36×361, W14×665, W40×593, and W14×311), respectively. Examining Figure 14(a1)–14(a5), it is seen that torsional and yielding strengths play a bigger and more important role in the bearing capacity of grid structure compared to the other strengths. A similar result as in the application of design examples 1 and 2 is obtained in this application example: a decrease in the displacement values causes the flange bucking, torsional, and yielding-related strengths to obtain highly near to their related yielding limit state values. Using the steel profiles with larger cross-sectional properties leads to an increase in both weight of grid structure and limit state values.
7. Conclusion
In this study, the designs of grillage systems are optimized using the optimization tools named NSGAII, SPEAII, PESAII, and AbYSSS according to the design provisions of LRFD-AISC Ver.13 specification. Hence, the computational performances of the MOAs employed are not only evaluated but the change in the strength of gird members in conjunction with joint displacements is also displayed. In order to assess the computational performance of MOAs, the various quality indicators, IGD, HV, and spread are computed considering the application of three design examples with an order of increasing complexity degree and evaluated their statistical confidences according to outcomes of statistical tests. According to the evaluation of quality indicators and optimal designations, the following results are observed.(i)According to the values of quality indicators, AbYSS shows better computational performance compared to SPEAII, PESAII, and NSGAII. Moreover, NSGAII obtains the worst values of quality indicators than SPEAII and PESAII, whose computational performances are almost equal.(ii)An efficient exploration of search space is only provided by usage of an increased evolution number and population size. Otherwise, the outcomes from statistical tests point out an inconsistent relation between quality indicators obtained by use of a decreased evolution number and population size.(iii)An increase in the parameter values of evolutionary operators in conjunction with the evolution number and population size leads to an improvement in the convergence degree of optimal designations.(iv)In conjunction with increasing the evolution number and populations size, the degrees of quality indicators are improved by use of (higher crossover probability and crossover distribution index—higher mutation probability and mutation distribution index—higher reference sets and archive size) for the evolutionary operators of AbYSS, and (lower crossover probability and crossover distribution index—lower mutation probability and mutation distribution index—higher archive size) or (higher crossover probability and crossover distribution index—lower mutation probability and mutation distribution index—higher archive size) for the evolutionary operators of SPEAII and PESAII. (v)A decrease in the joint displacement correspondingly causes the values of flange buckling, torsional, and yielding strengths to obtain near to their related limit state values. In this regard, the bearing capacity of grid structure has to be kept in the upper levels against any drastic decrease in joint displacements. Therefore, using a multiobjective optimization algorithm becomes a reasonable approach for the optimal design of grillage systems.
In the next work, the effect of using the different evolutionary parameter values on the quality degree of optimal designations will be evaluated. Furthermore, the proposed MOAs will be hybridized with both each other and the other evolutionary optimization algorithms in order to both reduce the evolutionary computational cost spent to obtain Nondominated solutions and improve the curves of pareto fronts.
Nomenclature for AISC_LRFD Ver.13 Specification
Acknowledgments
The author would like to thank Professor Dr. Antonio J. Nebro, Prof. Dr. Juan J. Durillo, and their team members for releasing the source code of JMETAL to execute computational procedures of multiobjective optimization methods. He thanks reviewers for their valuable comments and recommendations about revision of this paper. He also thanks Kadirli Municipality of Osmaniye for their support to this paper.
References
- J. D. Schaffer, Multiple objective optimization with vector evaluated genetic algorithms, Ph.D. thesis, Vanderbilt University, 1984.
-. Hertz, B. Jaumard, C. Ribeiro, and W. F. Filho, “A multi-criteria tabu search approach to cell formation problems in group technology with multiple objectives,” RAIRO—Operations Research, vol. 28, no. 3, pp. 303–328, 1994. View at Google Scholar
- D. E. Goldberg, Genetic Algorithms in Search. Optimization and Machine Learning, Addison-Wesley Publishing, Massachusetts, Mass, USA, 1989.
- N. Srinivas and K. Deb, “Multiobjective optimization using nondominated sorting in genetic algorithms,” Evolutionary Computation, vol. 2, no. 3, pp. 221–248, 1994. View at Google Scholar
- J. N. Horn, A. L. Nafpliotis, and D. E. Goldberg, “A niched Pareto genetic algorithm for multiobjective optimization,” in Proceedings of the First IEEE Conference on Evolutionary Computation, IEEE World Congress on Computational Intelligence, pp. 82–87, IEEE Service Center, Piscataway, NJ, USA, Jun 1994.
- C. M. Fonseca and F. J. Fleming, “Genetic algorithms for multiobjective optimization: formulation, discussion and generalization,” in Proceedings of the Fifth International Conference on Genetic Algorithms, S. Forrest, Ed., pp. 416–423, Morgan Kauffman, San Mateo, Calif, USA, June 1993.
- M. Tanaka and T. Tanino, “Global optimization by the genetic algorithm in a multiobjective decision support system,” in Proceedings of the 10th International Conference on Multiple Criteria Decision Making, pp. 261–270, Taipei, China, July 1992.
- K. Deb, Multi-Objective Optimization Using Evolutionary Algorithms, John Wiley & Sons, Chichester, UK, 2001.
- E. Zitzler and L. Thiele, “Multiobjective evolutionary algorithms: a comparative case study and the strength Pareto approach,” IEEE Transactions on Evolutionary Computation, vol. 3, no. 4, pp. 257–271, 1999. View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- J. D. Knowles and D. W. Corne, “Approximating the nondominated front using the Pareto archived evolution strategy,” Evolutionary Computation, vol. 8, no. 2, pp. 149–172, 2000. View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- K. Deb and T. Goel, “Controlled elitist non-dominated sorting genetic algorithms for better convergence,” Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 1993, pp. 67–81, 2001. View at Google Scholar
- S. S. Rao, V. B. Venkayya, and N. S. Khot, “Optimization of actively controlled structures using goal programming techniques,” International Journal for Numerical Methods in Engineering, vol. 26, no. 1, pp. 183–197, 1988. View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- J. P. Ignizio, Goal Programming and Extensions, Heath, Boston, Mass, USA, 1976.
- S. S. Rao and T. I. Freiheit, “Modified game theory approach to multiobjective optimization,” Journal of Mechanisms, Transmissions, and Automation in Design, vol. 113, no. 3, pp. 286–291, 1991. View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- M. Sunar and R. Kahraman, “A comparative study of multiobjective optimization methods in structural design,” Turkish Journal of Engineering and Environmental Sciences, vol. 25, no. 2, pp. 69–78, 2001. View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- J. Koski, “Defectiveness of weighting method in multicriterion optimization of structures,” Communications in Numerical Methods in Engineering, vol. 1, no. 6, pp. 333–337, 1985. View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
-. Messac and C. A. Mattson, “Generating well-distributed sets of Pareto points for engineering design using physical programming,” Optimization and Engineering, vol. 3, no. 4, pp. 431–450, 2002. View at Google Scholar
- I. Y. Kim and O. L. Weck, “Adaptive weighted-sum method for bi-objective optimization: Pareto front generation,” Structural and Multidisciplinary Optimization, vol. 29, no. 2, pp. 149–158, 2005. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- A. Molina-Cristobal, L. A. Griffin, P. J. Fleming, and D. H. Owens, “Multiobjective controller design: optimising controller structure with genetic algorithms,” in Proceedings of the 16th IFAC World Congress on Automatic Control, Prague, Czech Republic, July 2005.
- C. A. C. Coello and N. C. Cortes, “Solving multiobjective optimization problems using an artificial immune system,” Genetic Programming and Evolvable Machines, vol. 6, no. 2, pp. 163–190, 2005. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- M. Guntsch, Ant algorithms in stochastic and multi-criteria environments, Ph.D. thesis, Department of Economics and Business Engineering, University of Karlsruhe, Germany, 2004.
- C. A. Coello and P. G. Toscano, “Multiobjective optimization using a micro-genetic algorithm,” in Proceedings of the Genetic And Evolutionary Computation Conference, (GECCO '01), L. Spector, et al., Ed., pp. 174–282, Morgan Kaufmann, San Francisco, Calif, USA, August 2001.
- R. M. Janga and K. D. Nagesh, “An efficient multi-objective optimization algorithm based on swarm intelligence for engineering design,” Engineering Optimization, vol. 39, no. 1, pp. 49–68, 2007. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at MathSciNet · View at Scopus
- N. Keerativuttitumrong, N. Chaiyaratana, and V. Varavithya, “Multi-objective co-operative co-evolutionary genetic algorithm,” Lecture Notes in Computer Science, vol. 2439, pp. 288–297, 2002. View at Google Scholar
- C. M. Fonseca and P. J. Fleming, “Genetic algorithms for multiobjective optimization: formulation, discussion and generalization,” in Proceedings of the 5th International Conference on Genetic Algorithms, pp. 416–423, Urbana-Champaign, Ill, USA, June 1993.
- J. Horn and N. Nafpliotis, “Multiobjective optimization using the niched Pareto genetic algorithm,” IlliGAL Report 93005, Illinois Genetic Algorithms Laboratory, University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, Ill, USA, 1993. View at Google Scholar
- A. R. Khorsand and M. R. Akbarzadeh, “Multi-objective meta level soft computing-based evolutionary structural design,” Journal of the Franklin Institute, vol. 344, no. 5, pp. 595–612, 2007. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- M. P. Saka, A. Daloglu, and F. Malhas, “Optimum spacing design of grillage systems using a genetic algorithm,” Advances in Engineering Software, vol. 31, no. 11, pp. 863–873, 2000. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- F. Erdal and M. P. Saka, “Effect of beam spacing in the harmony search based optimum design of grillages,” Asian Journal of Civil Engineering, vol. 9, no. 3, pp. 215–228, 2008. View at Google Scholar
- M. P. Saka and F. Erdal, “Harmony search based algorithm for the optimum design of grillage systems to LRFD-AISC,” Structural and Multidisciplinary Optimization, vol. 38, no. 1, pp. 25–41, 2009. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- J. K. Nelson and J. C. McCormac, Structural Analysis 3E WSE: Using Classical and Matrix Methods, John Wiley & Sons, New York, NY, USA, 2003.
-.
- K. Deb, S. Agrawal, A. Pratab, and T. Meyarivan, “A fast elitist non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm for multi-objective optimization:NSGA-II,” in Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Parallel Problem Solving from Nature, (PPSN '00), M. Schoenauer, K. Deb, G. Rudolph, et al., Eds., pp. 849–858, Paris, France, September 2000.
-, New York, NY, USA, 2001.
- D. W. Corne, J. D. Knowles, and M. J. Oates, “The Pareto envelope-based selection algorithm for multiobjective optimization,” in Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Parallel Problem Solving from Nature, (PPSN '00), M. Schoenauer, K. Deb, G. Rudolph, et al., Eds., pp. 839–848, Paris, France, September 2000.
- D. W. Corne, N. R. Jerram, J. D. Knowles, and M. J. Oates, “PESA-II: regionbased selection in evolutionary multiobjective optimization,” in Proceedings of the the Genetic and Evolutionary Computation Conference, (GECCO '01), L. Spector, E. D. Goodman, A. Wu, et al., Eds., pp. 283–290, San Francisco, Calif, USA, July 2001.
- K. Deb, M. Mohan, and S. Mishra, “Towards a quick computation of well-spread pareto-optimal solutions,” in Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Evolutionary Multi-Criterion Optimization, (EMO '03), C. M. Fonseca, P. J. Fleming, E. Zitzler, K. Deb, and L. Thiele, Eds., pp. 222–236, Faro, Portugal, April, 2003.
-
- The MathWorks, “Statistical toolbox User's Guide,” 2008. View at Google Scholar.
As I write, sixth form students at a school in Camden are staging a sit-in. This is just one example of the peaceful student occupations that have broken out across the UK in recent weeks – locations include Birmingham, Brighton, Cardiff, Edinburgh, London, Newcastle, Nottingham, Sheffield and York.
I grew up in a council house, attended a comprehensive school and went to university in the nineties without paying fees. People from social backgrounds such as mine will be even less likely to go to university if the coalition's fees proposals go through. I'd hoped that there would be strong opposition to these proposals, but not in my most optimistic moments did I imagine such an outbreak of resistance as we are now seeing.
What's remarkable about the student protests is that they have been almost entirely devoid of violence (with a few regrettable, but rare, exceptions), genuinely spontaneous and organised from the grassroots. The same is true of the direct action against corporate tax dodging by companies such as Topshop and Vodafone.
The official opposition of the Labour Party is nowhere to be seen in this real opposition to the government's cuts agenda. While more left-wing parties, such as the Greens and Plaid Cymru, have been more enthusiastic, they would not claim to have started the protests. The leadership of the National Union of Students has been running to catch up with what's happening on the ground.
Not only are students showing the way for the rest of us to follow, but now Christian students are reminding Christians as a whole of the need to stand up against injustice.
The Student Christian Movement (SCM) has declared its support for nonviolent direct action. SCM's Tim Stacey said this week that, “The proposed changes to education funding are incompatible with Jesus’ radical message of inclusivity and justice”. As a Christian, I am excited by a national Christian organisation taking such a principled, radical stance against the abuse of power.
Of course, there are many criticisms of the student protestors. The most offensive are perhaps the patronising remarks rather than the straightforward disagreements. There are those who say that students are too young to understand, that they're acting without thinking it through, that they'll change their minds when they're older.
But for every young person who is naïve, there is an older person who is too cynical to change anything. For every young person who acts without enough thought, there is an older person whose caution prevents action. For every young person who will sell out after getting older, there's another who will stand firm to the end.
My message to today's students is this: I'm sorry that my generation did not act enough to prevent a political situation that has led to these vicious cuts and higher fees. You are showing the rest of us how to resist injustice nonviolently and from the grassroots. Now we must learn from you.Enter your email address to subscribe to Irregular Times and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 745 other subscribers
Unless Barack Obama miserably fails at his presidency — or someone does something to him — we can expect the Democratic Party to shoo challengers off the field and give Americans the choice of Barack Obama or Barack Obama during the 2012 presidential primaries. The question for 2012 is who the Republicans will chooseKendyl Katharine Larsen - January 13, 2011
Sam and Krynn (Ekart) Larsen of Columbus, a girl, Kendyl Katharine, born Jan. 3, the first baby born at the Columbus Community Hospital in 2011.
She weighed 8 lbs. 3 ozs. and was 20 inches long.
She has two sisters, Bella, 4, and Josie, 2, to welcome her home.
Grandparents are Jan and Bernie Leece of Webber, Kan., Dale and Anna Ekart of Berthoud, Colo. and the late Roger and Sandy Larsen.
Great grandparents are Jack and Dona June Ekart of Imperial.
Was $69.00
Now $54.99
Now $24.99
Now $23.99
$49.00
Was $219.00
Now $99.99
Was $24.50
Now $17.99
Now $59.99
Was $249.00
Now $139.99
$139.00
Was $95.00
Was $94.This is a divisional patent application of copending application Ser. No. 743,704 filed Nov. 22, 1976, now U.S. Pat. No. 4,109,040 which in turn is a divisional application of Ser. No. 573,615 filed May 1, 1975 and issued May 31, 1977 as U.S. Pat. No. 4,026,198.
This invention relates in general to mechanism for producing packing material or cushioning dunnage as it is known in the art, and more particularly to a cushioning dunnage producing mechanism for the production and handling of a continuous, highly resilient, pad-like dunnage product formed from sheet-like stock material. A transfer vehicle or cart is usable in conjunction with the dunnage producing mechanism for transferring preselected amounts of the pad-like dunnage to locations distant from the dunnage producing machine.
In U.S. Pat. No. 3,799,039 issued Mar. 26, 1974 to George R. Johnson and entitled "Cushioning Dunnage Mechanism and Method" there is disclosed a cushioning dunnage producing mechanism of the general type of the present invention. While such prior art mechanism represented a considerable improvement over previous prior art arrangements for producing cushioning dunnage, there were still problems involved in the use of the machine illustrated in such patent. One of the problems was the tendency of the sheet-like stock material to tear during the dunnage producing operation and during its movement from a composite roll of the stock material into the crumpler section of the machine. Tearing of the stock material generally necessitated shutting down of the machine and reinserting non-torn portions of the webs from the stock roll into the crumpler mechanism, so that a high quality dunnage pad could be produced in the mechanism. Moreover, with the arrangement disclosed in the U.S. Pat. No. 3,799,039, the dunnage material produced was generally used at the location of or in the immediate vincinity of the dunnage producing machine, and the transfer of the dunnage pad material to another location was not too convenient.
The present invention provides a dunnage producing mechanism for producing from sheet-like stock material, such as paper, a pad-like cushioning dunnage product, and wherein the machine is an improved arrangement of the dunnage producing machine of the aforementioned U.S. Pat. No. 3,799,039. Moreover, the invention provides a dunnage producing mechanism of the above described type which includes a transfer vehicle for use in conjunction with the dunnage producing machine, for expeditiously providing for handling of the dunnage product and transfer of a preselected amount of the pad-like dunnage material from the location of the machine to a location distant from the dunnage producing machine, and in a manner wherein the dunnage pad material may be expeditiously transferred from the producing machine to the transfer vehicle.
Accordingly, an object of the invention is to provide a novel compact mechanism for producing and handling dunnage packing material.
Another object of the invention is to provide a mechanism of the latter type which utilizes a multi-ply roll of stock material rotatably mounted on the mechanism and wherein the axis of rotation of the paper stock material roll is so located so that there is reduced tendency for tearing of the sheets of stock material as they pass through the dunnage machine to be formed into a continuous lightweight cushioning dunnage pad.
Another object of the invention is to provide a novel transfer vehicle in conjunction with a dunnage producing mechanism of the above type for handling and transferring selected amounts of the dunnage pad produced from the machine to a location distant from the machine, in an expeditious manner.
A still further object of the invention is to provide a dunnage producing and handling mechanism in accordance with the above which includes a convergent chute for funneling the webs of stock material from the roll to a crumpler section on the mechanism, and wherein the axis of rotation of the roll of stock material is so disposed that the peripheral extremity of the mounted roll is substantially no lower or laterally disposed than a longitudinal plane passing through an inner defining surface of the chute at the entrance to the chute.
Another object of the invention is to provide a mechanism of the above described type wherein the transfer vehicle includes means for selectively cutting the dunnage carried thereon into selected lengths at the location of use.
Further objects and advantages of the invention will be apparent from the following description taken in conjunction with the accompanying drawings wherein:
FIG. 1 is a somewhat diagrammatic side elevational view of a mechanism embodying the present invention;
FIG. 2 is a top plan view of the mechanism of FIG. 1;
FIG. 3 is a generally perspective view of the dunnage producing machine of FIGS. 1 and 2 taken from the rear thereof;
FIG. 3A is a fragmentary view of a modified stock roll embodying adhesive means on at least certain of the webs or sheets of stock material for securing the confronting portions of the rolled edges of the stock material together for maintaining the pad-like configuration of the dunnage product;
FIG. 3B is a fragmentary view similar to FIG. 3A but illustrating a modified arrangement;
FIG. 4 is a perspective view of the dunnage producing machine of FIGS. 1 and 2 taken generally from the front thereof;
FIG. 5 is a fragmentary detailed view of the crumpler portion of the dunnage producing mechanism, together with power operated gears for pulling the stock material through the dunnage producing machine and for joining or stitching the superimposed inwardly rolled edges of the stock material into an integral pad-like product;
FIG. 6 is a view taken from the opposite side of the mechanism illustrated in FIG. 5;
FIGS. 7 and 8 are respectively front and side elevational views of cutting mechanism utilizable in the dunnage producing machine, for cutting the dunnage product produced on the machine;
FIGS. 9 and 10 are respectively front elevational and top plan views of the chute of the machine;
FIGS. 11 and 12 are perspective views of the transfer vehicle or cart for receiving the pad-like dunnage product from the continuous production on the dunnage producing machine, storing or supporting on same on the transfer vehicle, and providing for subsequent transfer of the preselected amount of the dunnage pad material to an area or location distant from the area of production of the dunnage producing machine;
FIG. 13 is an enlarged top plan detailed view of pusher mechanism for mounting in the chute of the dunnage producing mechanism of FIGS. 1 and 2;
FIG. 14 is an elevational view of the FIG. 13 structure;
FIG. 15 is a diagrammatic, schematic illustration of a control circuit for the dunnage producing machine;
FIG. 16 is a top plan view of a modified arrangement of dunnage producing machine;
FIG. 17 is a side elevational view of the FIG. 16 machine;
FIG. 18 is an end elevational view taken generally along the plane of line 18--18 of FIG. 17; while
FIG. 19 is a fragmentary view of the pad-like dunnage product produced on a dunnage machine utilizing a stock roll of FIG. 3A embodying adhesive means for attaching together confronting portions of the exterior sheet of the stock sheet material.
Referring now again to the drawings, there is illustrated a dunnage producing machine 10 which utilizes a single multi-ply stock roll 12 of sheet-like material such as, for instance, Kraft paper. In the embodiment illustrated, the stock roll 12 comprises a hollow core 14 of generally cylindrical configuration on which are rolled three superimposed webs or runs 16, 17 and 18 of paper stock material. The roll of stock material is adapted to be mounted on a supporting rod 19 extending through core 14, for rotation of roll 12 relative to the support structure 20, as the paper stock is drawn into the dunnage machine 10.
Open top, standing U-shaped guides 22 are provided, in the embodiment illustrated, for generally loosely receiving the ends of the rod 19 and retain the rod on the support structure 20 while providing for rapid replacement of the stock roll when necessary. In the embodiment illustrated, the three superimposed webs 16, 17 and 18 of paper stock are of generally equal width. As an example, the elongated roll of stock material may be of a dimension of approximately 9 inches in diameter by approximately 28 to 30 inches in width. However, as will be hereinafter discussed, the diameter of the roll is not particularly important so far as operation of the machine is concerned. What is important is the location of the periphery of the roll as related to the entranceway to the chute of the mechanism, in order to aid in preventing tearing of the sheets of stock as they come off the roll, and as will be hereinafter discussed. One end of the rod 19 extending through the stock roll, is adapted to have an opening therethrough receiving a pin projecting laterally from the rod, for preventing rotation of the rod upon rotation of the roll about rod 19. In other words, the roll of stock frictionally rotates relative to the rod 19 during pulling of the stock material into the dunnage producing mechanism in the embodiment illustrated.
Machine 10 comprises, in the embodiment illustrated, a support frame 24, including leg portions 24a which preferably include means 25 associated therewith for leveling the support frame with respect to the supporting surface S.
Frame 24 supports a longitudinally converging chute 26 (FIGS. 1, 9 and 10) which chute forms a guide and support for the webs of stock material 16, 17 and 18 as they are drawn off the stock roll 12 and are passed to a longitudinally elongated crumpler section 28 of the dunnage producing machine. In the embodiment illustrated, the chute 26 and the crumpler section 28 may be provided as an integral unit which can be conveniently formed of, for instance, fiberglass or plastic or some other such suitable material.
As can be best seen in FIGS. 1, 2 and 9, the chute section 26 comprises a widened mouth or entranceway 30, with the upper, lower and side wall interior surfaces 32, 34, 34a (FIG. 2) of the chute converging rearwardly with respect to one another and with respect to the entranceway. Entranceway 30 is of generally oval configuration (FIG. 9), with the major axis X--X of the oval shape disposed in a generally horizontal plane which passes through the horizontal center plane of the crumpler section 28. The minor axis Y--Y of the oval shaped entranceway is disposed in a vertical plane passing through the longitudinal center axis of the crumpler section 28. The top wall of the chute may be recessed as at 36 (FIGS. 2, 9 and 10) for providing accessibility to a pusher mechanism 40 (FIGS. 1, 14 and 15) which extends downwardly in depending relation from the top of the support frame to be closely spaced to the bottom wall surface 34 of the chute and as can be best seen in FIG. 1.
Pusher mechanism 40 in the embodiment illustrated comprises a tubular body portion of generally triangular shape in plan (FIG. 13) and is supported in the chute 26 in relatively closely spaced relation to the bottom interior surface 34 thereof by front and rear threaded rods 44, 44a extending through recess 36 in the chute. Threaded sockets 46 are provided on the body portion of the pusher mechanism, which receive one end of the associated rod 44 or 44a.
The other end of the rod extends through a support bar 48 (FIG. 2) and is secured to the bar 48 as by means of associated nuts 50. A plurality of longitudinally spaced openings may be provided in the bar 48 for selective adjusting of the position of the pusher with respect to the chute 46. It will also be seen that the nuts 50 provide for adjustment for the relative closeness of the body portion of the pusher with respect to the confronting surface 34 of the chute.
As can be seen in FIG. 2, the body portion of the pusher occupies a substantial portion of the crosswise dimension of the bottom wall of the chute, and causes the sheet-like stock material as it passes from the stock roll 12 to the crumpler section 28 to be generally confromed to the chute, thereby causing effective inward rolling of the lateral edges of the webs of stock material.
The body portion of the pusher means being formed of rod or tube material has rounded edges, and as it receives the stock material there beneath, urges it downwardly toward the bottom wall of the chute and aids in preventing tearing of the webs of stock material coming off stock roll 12.
A wheeled counting mechanism 52 may be provided, supported as by means of the aforementioned bar 48, for determining the amount or linear footage of dunnage material produced by the dunnage machine. A top cover 53, which may be hinged as at 53a provides convenient access to the interior of the machine and to the pusher mechanism 40 and counting mechanism 52.
Mounted on the frame 24 downstream from the rotational mounting 19 of the stock roll 12 is a separating means 54 (FIG. 1). In the embodiment illustrated separating means 54 comprises a plurality of vertically spaced bar-like elements 54a, 54b, and 54c, through which is adapted to pass the webs from the stock roll 12. As can be seen from FIG. 1, the upper web 16 is adapted to pass beneath separator rod 54a, while the middle web 17 passes beneath the separator rod 54b, and the lower web 18 passes beneath the lower separator rod 54c.
The separator mechanism maintains the webs in separated condition prior to their being urged back into generally juxtaposed condition at the pusher mechanism 40, the latter being downstream from the preferably cylindrical separator rods. The lowermost rod 54c is disposed just slightly above the bottom periphery of the entranceway 30 to chute 26, and with sufficient clearance so as to permit ready entry of the stock web 18 therebeneath.
In accordance with the invention, the axis of rotation of the stock roll is so positioned that the periphery of the stock roll 12 as initially loaded on the machine is maintained substantially no lower than and preferably higher than a horizontal plane passing through the aforementioned entranceway bottom periphery 55 to the chute 26. Such positioning of the stock roll periphery aids in preventing tearing of the webs of stock material as they are pulled off the stock roll and are directed toward the crumpler section 28.
Crumpler section 28 preferably has slots 56 (FIG. 10) in its upper and lower walls into which extend connecting or stitching means 58 (FIGS. 5 and 6) for connecting confronting portions of the generally loosely crumpled stock material together as the latter is drawn through the crumpler section by the connecting means. In this connection, the connecting means comprises in the FIGS. 5 and 6 embodiment, generally loosely meshed equal size spur gears 58a, 58b, which are rotatably mounted as by means of a respective shaft 60, 60a, for rotation relative to the crumpler section 28. Shaft 60 of upper gear 58a is preferably arranged so that the ends of the shaft are mounted in a slotted bracket frame 62 (FIG. 5) with the ends of the shaft being spring loaded as at 64, for urging the shaft downwardly toward the underlying gear 58b. It will be seen, therefore, that the top gear 58a generally "floats" in its supporting slotted bracket structure 62, with the gear 58a being movable vertically relative to the underlying gear 58b, to thus provide for tension varying of the spacing between the gears as different amounts or thicknesses of material pass therebetween. Such an arrangement aids in preventing tearing of the stock material due to too hard meshing between the connecting gears.
The lower shaft 60a may be rotatably mounted in stationary bearing structure 66 (FIG. 6) and includes a sprocket 67 secured to one end thereof, which in turn is connected by endless chain or belt 68 to geared speed reducer 69, the latter being driven by an electric motor 70 mounted on the machine frame 24. It will be seen that actuation of the motor 70 will cause rotation of the meshed gears 58a, 58b thus not only coining the stock material by rotation of the gears but also pulling the crumpled stock material through the mechanism.
The lateral edges of the webs 16, 17 and 18 of the stock roll after they pass the transversely extending separating rods 54a, 54b and 54c commence to be turned inwardly by the curved walls of the chute 26. Thus when the rolled edges of the webs reach the narrowed entrance mouth 72 of the crumpler section 28, they have been rolled substantially inwardly into generally abutting confronting relation with one another and wherein the web stock material is crumpled radially inwardly by the crumpler section and then is coined or joined along the central portion thereof by the aformentioned meshing gears 58a, 58b.
The webs 16, 17 and 18 are pulled from the periphery of the stock roll 12 in a zone defined by the aforementioned horizontal plane passing through chute entrance periphery 55 and a horizontal plane passing generally through or at the core tube 14 of the stock roll. It will be seen that at least initially when the stock roll is the heaviest, the periphery of the roll will in general be disposed in confronting relation to a zone defined by longitudinal planes passing through the uppermost separating rod 54a and the aforementioned chute entrance periphery 55. After considerable depletion of the stock roll and therefore considerable lightening thereof the periphery thereof in the embodiment illustrated, will move above a horizontal plane passing through the separating rod 54a.
The aforementioned pushing mechanism 40 urges the webs of stock material into engagement with one another during the inward rolling of the lateral edges of the webs, and aids in maintaining alignment of the stock material in its movement toward the crumpler section 28.
After passing from the exit opening 74 of the crumpler section 28, the continuously formed pad P (FIG. 4) of stock material may be severed by the cutter mechanism 76 mounted on the rear end of the machine at the exit opening 74 therein.
Cutter mechanism 76, in the embodiment illustrated, comprises a cutter framework 78 (FIG. 7) in which is movably mounted a cutter blade 78a which has a sharpened, preferably replaceable edge 79 adapted for cutting coaction with a stationary cutter edge 78b on the upper cross piece 80 of the cutter frame. Cutter frame 78 includes side leg portions 82, 84, each of which is of hollow construction (FIG. 8) and embodying a guideway or track 82a or 84a (FIG. 8) adapted to receive guide means 86 (in the embodiment illustrated rotatable wheels) on the cutter blade 78a for guiding the movement of the cutter blade 78a relative to the cutter frame 78. The wheels 86 are rotatably mounted on and with respect to the blade 78a and are received in rolling relation in the respective guide track 82a or 84a in the respective leg of the cutter frame 76.
Cutter blade 78a is pivotally coupled at 88 to a reciprocal double acting fluid powered motor unit 89 (FIG. 7) with the pivotal connection of the motor unit to the blade being offset in a direction toward the longer leg portion 84 of the cutter frame 78, and as can be best seen in FIG. 7. The other end of the motor unit 89 is pivoted as at 90 to a bracket 92 mounted on the support frame for the dunnage machine. Brackets 94 on the cutter frame locate and aid in supporting table surface 96, on which the pad-like dunnage may be supported as it is emitted by the mechanism.
Motor unit 89 is adapted to be controlled in its reciprocal actuation by means of a pair of control buttons 98, 99 mounted on the table surface 96 extending rearwardly from the frame of the dunnage machine. By having two control buttons in order to cause actuation of the cutter unit 76, both hands of the operator are maintained exteriorly of the cutter unit and protected from injury during actuation of the cutter unit.
In accordance with the invention, transfer vehicle 102 is provided, for receiving a predetermined amount of dunnage pad from the dunnage machine, winding it into a roll R (FIG. 1) and supporting it on the vehicle for subsequent transfer to an area distant from the dunnage machine 10.
The transfer vehicle 102 comprises a preferably lightweight frame 106 which has wheels 108 rotatably mounted thereon, for making the frame readily movable, and which may include a rotatable shaft 110 having some means thereon for initially securing the end of a strip of dunnage pad material thereto, during rotation of the shaft 110. Such means in the embodiment illustrated comprises a U-shaped bracket 112 attached to and projecting laterally from the shaft and which is adapted to receive the free end of the dunnage pad being produced by the machine and hold it during rotation of the shaft 110, as by means of removable handle 114. When the roll of dunnage material collected is of desired size, then either the cutter mechanism 76 on the dunnage machine, or the cutter 116 on the transfer cart, can be actuated to cut off the pad from the continuous length being produced by the dunnage machine, and the roll of dunnage material on the transfer cart is then available for expeditious movement by means of the transfer cart, to a selected area which may be distant from the dunnage machine.
When the cart or transfer vehicle 102 is moved to the desired location the manually operable cutter blade 116 can be utilized to cut the dunnage roll R into the desired lengths at the area to which the cart has been transported to. The transfer cart preferably has diagonally extending hand gripping portions 118 and cross portion 118a for gripping by a workman, and for tipping the cart rearwardly so that it is supported on the wheels 108, for easy movement. The other end of the cart with the cutter mechanism 116 and associated support board 120 thereon is of such weight that upon release of the handle portions 118, said other end of the cart tips downwardly by gravity and is supported by the end 112 (FIG. 1) of the frame portion 106 of the cart.
It will be seen therefore, that with the transfer cart, the production of the dunnage pad P from the dunnage machine can be used much more expeditiously, by providing an arrangement for rapidly receiving a selected amount of the dunnage pad from the producing machine and facilitating movement of such selected amount to an area which is remote from the machine, thus enabling the dunnage pad product to be utilized in various areas of an establishment without the necessity of having a dunnage producing machine located at each area wherein use of dunnage is desired.
Referring now to FIGS. 16, 17 and 18 there is illustrated another embodiment of the dunnage machine which is of a more compact nature in a horizontal or width direction as compared to the first described embodiment. In this arrangement, the stock roll 12' is mounted for rotation about a vertical axis, with the lower end of the shaft 19' which extends through the hollow core tube 14' of the stock roll, being received in a complementary opening in turntable 230, which is rotatably mounted on bracket structure 20' for rotation about a generally vertical axis, the latter being coincident with the axis of the rod 19'.
The upper end of the rod 19' is received in supported and preferably clamped relation by means of suitable readily releasable clamping means 232, mounted on upper support 20", so that the stock roll 12' can be rapidly mounted on the turntable and clamped by clamping mechanism 232, for rotary movement.
The webs 18, 17 and 16 coming from the stock roll 12', pass through the divider means 30' in a generally similar manner as in the first described embodiment, except that the webs are generally vertically oriented as compared to being generally horizontally oriented as in the first described embodiment.
Divider means 30' comprises vertically oriented rods 54a', 54b', 54c' coacting to cause separation of the webs 16, 17 and 18 from the stock roll, in a generally similar manner as in the first described embodiment. The chute means 26 in this embodiment may be of the same structural arrangement as in the first described embodiment, except that it is tipped on its side so that the major axis X--X of the oval shaped mouth or entranceway 30' to the chute means 26' is vertically disposed as compared to the horizontal orientation of the first described embodiment.
It will be seen that the separating rod 54c' coacts with the adjacent surface 34' of the chute means in the same general way that the rod 54c coacts with the corresponding surface 34 of the chute of the first described embodiment, and also that the periphery of the stock roll 12' is oriented with respect to a longitudinal plane passing through the surface 34' of the chute means of this embodiment in a similar relationship as in the first described embodiment.
A pusher mechanism 40' may coact with surface 34' in a similar manner as in the first described embodiment, and the webbed stock material from the stock roll passes beneath the pusher and into the crumpler section 28', where it is radially inwardly compressed in a similar manner as in the first described embodiment, to produce a pad-like dunnage product at the emitting end of the mechanism.
A cutter mechanism 76' may be mounted at the emitting end or mouth 74' of the dunnage mechanism, for cutting the dunnage material into selected lengths. In most other respects, the FIGS. 16, 17 and 18 embodiment is generally similar to the first described embodiment, with similar reference numbers being utilized to designate similar parts with the addition of the suffix (') prime thereto.
It will be seen that one of the advantages of the FIGS. 16, 17 and 18 embodiment is that it utilizes much less floor space for a dunnage machine, and while the dunnage product comes out of the machine tipped generally on its side as compared to that in the first described embodiment, it (the product, since it is very flexible) can be turned for coaction with a transfer cart (not shown) in a similar manner as that utilized in the first described embodiment.
FIG. 19 discloses another embodiment of dunnage product wherein the outer web 18' of the stock material has been provided with a strip 234 of adhesive, such as for instance pressure sensitive adhesive, along at least one lateral edge thereof. Thus when the webs are radially crumpled and placed into generally confronting relationship with one another, the strip 234 of adhesive is used to connect the confronting portions of the inwardly turned or inwardly rolled lateral edges of the stock webs together, to maintain the dunnage product P' in pad-like form. In this connection rather than having meshed gears 58a 58b coacting with the stock webs for coining or coupling them together, plain rollers or wheels could be utilized for compressing the confronting portions of the web stock material together so that the pressure sensitive adhesive strip 234 will be positively forced into sealing or securing contact with the confronting portion of the web, to hold the dunnage product in the pad-like form illustrated.
It will be seen that if wheel connecting means are used in lieu of the geared means illustrated in the first described embodiment, that the central section 236 of the dunnage product P' will be of a lesser thickness dimension as compared to the lateral pillow like portions of the product, and in a similar manner as the product produced by the geared connecting means, except that the product is held together not by coining of the webs, but instead by the strip of adhesive material. It will be understood, of course, that the geared connecting means could be utilized in conjunction with stock material utilizing adhesive connecting means rather than plain rollers, but with the adhesive strip, it is not necessary to also coin or mechanically stitch the stock material together, to hold it in its pad-like form.
Referring now to FIG. 15, there is shown schematically, a control system for controlling operation of the dunnage mechanism of either the FIGS. 1 and 2 embodiment or the FIGS. 16, 17 and 18 embodiment. The system is adapted for plugging into a conventional 115 volt AC source 237 of power.
A "momentary run" switch 238 (FIGS. 1, 2 and 13) is provided for momentarily actuating the drive motor 70 of the mechanism so long as the switch is held in compressed condition, for producing a selected amount of cushioning dunnage. Switch 238 is spring loaded and when actuated, the normally open contact thereof closes and the normally closed contact thereof opens, whereby the electric motor 70 is energized from the source of power 237. When the finger of the operator is removed from the switch button, the spring of the switch causes the normally open contact to reopen and the normally closed contact to close, thereby automatically deactuating the motor 70.
There is also provided a "maintained run" switch 240. The maintained run switch 240 is a maintained on-off type switch, so that when the manual actuating button 240a for the switch is pushed in one direction, the normally open contact of the switch closes and the normally closed contact opens and such condition is maintained when the finger of the operator is removed from the switch button. When the button 240a is repushed, the normally open contact opens, and the normally closed contact is once again closed.
Also located on table surface 96 on opposite sides of the exit mouth 74 of the dunnage machine is a auxiliary left, cutter actuating switch 244, and a auxiliary right hand cutter actuating switch 246, which are arranged in series with a master cutter actuating switch 248. Switch 248 can be disposed generally centrally of the dunnage mechanism above the exit mouth thereof, and as can be seen in FIGS. 1 and 2.
Either the left hand auxiliary switch 244 or the right hand auxiliary switch 246 must be actuated in conjunction with the master switch 248 in order that energization of the fluid actuated motor unit 89 actuating the cutter mechanism 76, can occur. It will be seen upon actuation of master switch 248, the normally open contact is closed and upon actuation of one or the other of the auxiliary cutter switches 244 or 246 the solenoid 250 controlling the flow of actuating fluid, such as for instance pressurized air, to the motor unit 89 is energized, to cause application of pressurized fluid to entry port 252 (FIG. 7) thereby causing outward projection of the piston rod of the motor unit, to cause the cutter blade 78a to move in its guided trackways 82a, 84a into cutting coaction with the upper stationary cutter blade 78b, thereby cutting off the dunnage pad at the selected length. Upon release of the actuating button of the auxiliary cutter switch or the button of the master switch, the normally closed contact of the auxiliary switch once again automatically closes, and the normally closed contact of the master switch once again automatically closes, thereby de-energizing the solenoid and the associated air valve automatically applies pressurized air to port 252a of motor unit 89, to move the cutter blade 78a downwardly along its guide paths whereby the cutter blade 78a is disposed in retracted condition.
It will be seen therefore that the both hands of the operator are necessary or occupied in order to actuate the cutter mechanism 76, and therefore such arrangement provides a safety system to insure that the hands of the machine operator can not be located in a position where they could be injured by the cutter mechanism, upon actuation thereof.
A cover interlock switch 254 (FIG. 13) is also preferably provided in the control system to disable the electric power to the machine from the source, in the event that cover 53 (or 53') is not disposed in completely closed condition.
From the foregoing description and accompanying drawings it will be seen that the invention provides a novel dunnage mechanism for producing and handling relatively low density padlike cushioning dunnage, and wherein the dunnage can be rapidly and effectively produced by the dunnage producing machine without tearing of the stock material, and wherein the continuously produceable dunnage pad from the machine can be expeditiously stored on a transfer cart for subsequent transfer to areas remote from the dunnage machine.
The terms and expressions which have been used.I had wanted to post yesterday - I even had a draft started on something I've been wanting to write about. However, by the time I put Arun to bed at 8:00pm, I was feeling mighty poorly - probably whatever I ate for dinner. I was in bed by 9:00pm, which seems to happen fairly often these days, although I usually read for an hour or so. Not last night. Eek...........
Anyway, over the past week or so, I've read some fairly sad resolutions. Broad, vague, over-reaching ones. Resolutions where the writers have clearly set themselves up for failure which leads me to wonder if that writer isn't going to beat himself/herself up later for not reaching such lofty goals. No, I am not sneering or criticizing. Quite the opposite. For example, for one to resolve that he/she is "going to be a better person" isn't really a goal - maybe it's an aspiration, but it's not a goal in the strict sense of the word. At one of my first jobs, I took a little "goal making" on-line course and they taught the system of using the acronym SMART to make goals. SMART stands for Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Reasonable, and Timely (here is a useful link that goes into a detail.) I've also seen many folks make such a LONG list of goals that it wasn't clear when they were planning to sleep. I've also seen the IMPOSSIBLE goal, or to be fair, NEARLY impossible goal. Seriously, is losing 100 pounds in a year reasonable? Losing weight IS admirable, but in most cases, losing 100 pounds in a year is probably dangerous or involves some sort of surgey.
So........I had previously said that I hadn't really made any resolutions except to give or send a birthday card to everyone on my Palm calendar this year. However, I inadvertently had made another one. I am going to the gym twice a week through May, then will start up again when NewKid is around 2 months old. Actually, I had started trying to go to the gym regularly in October, but quickly got waylaid with NewKid. Going to the gym has been a struggle since Arun has been born for a variety of reasons, but recently it is has been due to the fact that Arun didn't like being left in the nursery - most trips to the gym ended up with me leaving my workout early. However, yesterday we had an astounding success! He stayed in the nursery the entire time and when I went to get him, he was running around quite contentedly. Then, we ended up staying an extra 15 minutes playing in the children's gym that is next to the nursery.
However, my goal with the gym isn't really a weight thing, but really a "let's stretch my legs, keep my pregnancy weight gain to 25 lbs and get Arun out and about" thing. Simply put, the goal THIS year is to just make going to the gym a habit. Maybe next year, I'll worry about the 30 lbs or so of "Bonus" Me that I'm schlepping around - I gained 20 lbs when I quit smoking and just haven't lost it OR the extra 10 of "insulation" of which I was already in possession when I kicked my Capri Ultra Lights to the curb. On the one hand, of course, I am not satisfied with my weight. On the other, I learned in my early 20s that ideal weight doesn't not equal happiness - I was probably at my unhappiness in my life when I was at one of my skinniest. 30 lbs Bonus Me is definitely the most contented she has ever been in her life although, admittedly, Bonus Me would like to go shopping for a smaller size after she is done with all this Baby Making Bidness. Okay, enough 3rd person - what the fuck? Do I think I am Royal or something??
Speaking of weight, I am almost at the point where I need to get out the maternity clothes - I really don't need the pants yet, since I am still about 7 lbs BELOW where I had even started with Arun, my pants are not too uncomfortable - gaining baby, just not weight. However, because I am gaining baby, my shirts look AWFUL on me now. I'm at that Is or Isn't She? stage of Frump and maternity shirts help clear the air.
Also, I've never depended on the New Year for goals. In October of last year, I started flossing regularly - I floss nearly every day now and I HIGHLY recommend the Reach Flosser. It turns out what bothered me about flossing was wrapping the floss around my fingers and cutting the circulation off to them - NOT the actual flossing. I love flossing now and my teeth have never felt better. Finally, I quit smoking June 21, 2000 and I haven't had a cigarette since.
Folks, it's never a bad time to make a positive change. Why wait til January?
11 comments:
I like your attitude. I think part of the reason that New Year's resolutions are so popular is that people feel refreshed after leaving the busy holiday season behind them. Plus, that whole "fresh start" feeling is encouraging. As for myself, I'm just going to try to focus on myself a little more and not quite so much on everyone else. That should last until next week or so.
I don't ever make resolutions because I know myself well enough to know that I won't follow through and then I feel guilty and then well I think you hit on the cycle.
This year though, hubby and I together agreed to work on our finances - we have set some future goals that we really want to achieve but will need to better our position now so it isn't really a resolution - is it???
I agree with you that there's never really a wrong time of year to make a resolution. I cut out some bad habits a few months ago, and really got started working on some good ones maybe in November or something. But I have been noticing this year that January just seems to have a certain energy to it that helps you tip the balance between putting things off again and deciding that there's never going to be a better time to start than now. I think it's a combination of the New Year and the fact that the days are finally getting longer again.
The only thing my husband and I resolved to do this year is to get our taxes done by February 15th and not file the 2 extensions we have needed the last few years. I think you excercise plan sounds great! Definitely attainable and smart.
I made 4 goals, two of them were to continue doing something and the other two were to try and do something.
That way i have an out.
Good luck with the gym habit. It is now a habit for me. Yay!
I've really been enjoying my water pik.
You should submit this to the contest I've got. Resolutions anyone?
I hear ya on the smoking weight. Even though I'm only 5ish lbs away from my pre-pregnancy weight, I'm still 15 lbs from my pre-SMOKING weight. And 15 lbs is HUGE when your only 5'1"!
I gave up on resolutions a long time ago. Not that I am perfect in any way, but I really do strive to be the person I want to be everyday of my life.
Just wanted to say hello and thanks for your comment on my blog. I think it's fantastic that you are still breastfeeding and plan to continue breastfeeding through your pregnancy.
Dee and Kerry,
I agree that the New Year has a nice, "fresh start" feeling to it.
Flybunny,
I disagree - what you've made IS a resolution. A goal to reach a goal, right? For example, my gym goal this year is to just walk through the door!
Shalini,
My goal is not very aggressive, but I am not comfortable with heavy exercise while pregnant.
Meno,
One of your goals is to "try" to do something? Genius! You win either way. ;-)
Monkey,
Re-read that sentence. It sounds dirty, which made me giggle.
Scribbit,
Thanks for the suggestion! Done.
Jenn,
I am 5'5, so I totally hear YOU. Still, wasn't it worth kicking the cigs?
Reesh,
I am going to wean Arun by April - I don't want to overlap or wean him too close to the new baby's arrival in case he regresses. I definitely do NOT want to be nursing 2 children at once. Other than the planning, it's not difficult.
I made two resolutions. One totally easy, the other totally hard. We'll see how it goes!Essence Fest 2013 kicks off its evening concerts Friday (July 5) with main stage performances by Maxwell, Jill Scott, LL Cool J and Brandy. For more things to do in New Orleans, browse the events calendar.
- If you're looking to get out of town this weekend, check out the tarpon rodeo in Golden Meadow, La., Our Lady of the Gulf Crab Festival in Bay St. Louis, Miss., or another Louisiana festival in July.
- The Human Jukebox Alumni Association (former members of the Southern University band) leads a two-day workshop to teach high school students the fundamentals of playing music while marching.
- This week's edition of Friday Nights at NOMA features art activity with Young Audiences, music by The Pfister Sisters, cooking demonstrations and more.
- Kurt Sutton stars in the one-man show "An Evening with Mark Twain," at the Stage Door Canteen.
- Blue Nile will close for the summer on July 14th for repairs and renovations, so check out Mia Borders and Stooges Brass Band before the party is suspended at this Frenchmen Street mainstay.Margerum Wine Company has long been a favorite of K&L. Doug Margerum, owner and director of winemaking, started out on the retail side of things. He and his family opened Wine Cask in Santa Barbara in 1981 and spent more than a decade building a fantastic wine shop and bistro. During much of that time, Doug was also building an amazing wine company. Margerum Wines are fantastically balanced and go beautifully with food. They are pure and clean, showing off the beautiful fruit from around Santa Barbara County. We were lucky enough to get the opportunity to visit the winery and spend a couple hours eating delicious food and blending what would become the K&L Cuvee Sauvignon Blanc. This wine is crisp and clean with great depth and length. The wine is a blend of 4 vineyards ( Happy Canyon, Curtis, McGinley and Star Lane.) 45% is a blend of Happy Canyon and Curtis aged in Stainless steel. This gave our wine crispness and citrus notes along with freshness and acid. Another 45% was a combination of McGinley and Star Lane done in stainless steel. This added more concentration and aromatics. The last 10% was from McGinley vineyard aged in neutral barrels and left of the lees. This added richness and body. We had a great time blending this wine and we believe we put together a fantastic Sauvignon BlWed, Dec 08, 2004
Front Page
Taiwan News
- Pan-blue allies upset with KMT
- DPP caucus defends name-change plan
- Japan may have backed off from visa plan: report
- TSU says correcting name will preserve status quo
- Airline, other firms resistant to name change proposal
- Officials seek input at Kyoto talks
- First-of-a-kind transplant ends in success
- Interest groups say ratings system will violate free speech
- Chinese tour groups visit Kinmen in historic first
- Vote against PM is legal, court rules
- DPP releases book commemorating the Kaohsiung Incident
- Taiwan Quick Take
Business
- BenQ aims to double brand sales
- Guatemala in trade pact
- Financial watchdog plans for banking consolidation
- US may remove Taiwan from watch list by month's end
- Singapore Airlines moves to cut fares
- Comic book series helps fuel new interest in `go'
- Investors stay on sidelines ahead of Saturday elections
- Nation's export growth dropped to just 12% last month
- Business Briefs
Editorials
Sports
World News
- US, North Korean officials meet at UN
- Philippine officials appeal for international assistance
- US army deserter finishes 30-day prison sentence
- Singapore couples too beat for nookie: survey
- Al-Qaeda claims Jeddah attack
- Orange symbolizing quest for democracy in Ukraine
- Ivory Coast officials agree to new timetable for peace
- Paisley demands photographs of IRA disarmament
- Conciliatory commission to tackle foundering talks
- Congress set to pass intelligence deal
- `Titanic' wins for cheesiest movie line in bakery poll
- Famous building burns in Chicago
- Environmentalists sad US, China don't join Kyoto protocol
- Bidding for ghost on eBay hits the US$14,000 mark
- Colombian drug lord says he helped the police find and kill Pablo Escobar
- Free speech doesn't help naked police officer keep his job
-<<Dairy-Free Vegan Banana Chocolate Bread
Ingredients
* 1 1/2 cups cake flour (not self-rising)
* 1 cup sugar
* 2 cups of mashed bananas
* 1/4 cup cocoa powder
* 1 teaspoon baking soda
* 1/2 teaspoon salt
* 5 tablespoons vegetable oil
* 1 tablespoon white vinegar
* 1 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
* 1 1/4 cups water
Preparation
1
# Preheat oven to 350 degrees. For turbo broiler - preheat 140 degrees for 10 minutes
2
# In a medium bowl, whisk together flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking soda, and salt; set aside.
3
# In the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment or hand mixer, mix together oil, vinegar, vanilla, and water until well combined. Add flour mixture to the mixer and mix until smooth, scraping down the sides of the bowl with a spatula as necessary. Mix the mashed bananas. Batter should look and feel more watery than normal cake batters.
4
# Pour batter into prepared loaf pan/s, filling each pan 1/2 full. Transfer to oven and bake. oven 15-20 minutes. For turbo broiler 140 degrees for 20 minutes.
5
# Note: For turbo broiler users like me - Temp must be - 140 Degrees for 20 minutes.
About
Note: For turbo broiler users like me - Temp must be - 140 Degrees for 20 minutes.
Other Names:
vegan banana bread
Added:
Monday, August 15, 2011 - 2:41amU.S. Department of Transportation
Federal Highway Administration
1200 New Jersey Avenue, SEWashington, DC 20590
202-366-4000
Home / Briefing Room / Press Releases
Briefing Room
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Monday, June 19, 2006
Contact: Brian C. Keeter
(202) 366-0660
FHWA 07-06
Nation's Top Highway Official Announces $5.2 Million in New Grants for Ohio River Bridges Project
Federal Highway Administrator J. Richard Capka announced $5.2 million in new grants to move forward the Ohio River Bridges at an event to kick off a ramp relocation, part of the preliminary work necessary for the project to begin.
"Today marks a significant first step toward a project that will relieve big city congestion, improve freight, and help the Louisville and southern Indiana economies," Capka said. "The grants secured for the Ohio River Bridges project by Congresswoman Anne Northup and Congressman Mike Sodrel keep this nationally important project on track," Capka stressed.
The new grants can be used on any aspect of the project, including the environmental process, design, and construction, according to Capka.
The off-ramp from the Gene Snyder Freeway, KY 841, will be moved west of its current location to run parallel with the existing on-ramp at US 42. The ramp realignment will allow engineers to explore the design for a six-lane, 2,000-foot tunnel that will eventually carry traffic to and from the east end bridge of the Ohio River Bridges project.
"The Ohio River Bridges project fits into a national plan to relieve congestion," Capka said. Consumers lose 3.7 billion hours and waste 2.3 billion gallons of fuel sitting in traffic jams. Capka noted that with these facts in mind, Transportation Secretary Norman Y. Mineta rolled out the Bush Administration's new national strategy to reduce America's congestion a few weeks ago. Focusing on metropolitan areas, the plan gives federal, state, and local officials a clear strategy to cut traffic jams and relieve freight bottlenecks.
The Ohio River Bridges project will improve congestion, safety, and mobility at a major mid-America crossroads of three interstates, I-65, I-64, and I-71. I-65 is a major north-south freight corridor between Mobile, Alabama and Chicago, Illinois, currently carrying more than 140,000 vehicles per day.
###
FHWA Press Room
FHWA Press Releases
Return to topThe Sith Warrior Fights Jedi In The Old Republic
Someone is going to get tossed off this bridge..
Kane & Lynch Play Cops & Robbers
One of these men is a filthy cop. Can you figure out which one?
Naughty Bear Loves The Curb Stomp
I want to play Gears of War with Naughty Bear.
Last.Sarasota Commercial Real Estate. Simplified.
Since 1987, the Sarasota commercial real estate experts at American Property Group have been successfully matching clients with the best commercial spaces available in Sarasota, Manatee and Charlotte Counties. Let us do the same for you! We specialize in:
Our exclusive marketing package is unmatched by other commercial REALTORS® in the Sarasota area. Utilizing a proven combination of online (internet, social media, email, etc.) and offline (direct mail, press coverage, etc.) marketing strategies, your properties are seen by a wide variety of potential buyers/investors, not just locally in Sarasota, but around the world. We are connected 24/7/365 with our clients, local businesses and the community. We’re willing to do what it takes to get deals done and we get results!
Buying, Selling & Leasing Commercial Real Estate
We Get Results. PERIOD.
Our seasoned commercial real estate professionals understand the process of buying, selling and leasing commercial properties. We know it can be an overwhelming and intimidating task, but it doesn’t have to be. We have a simple goal of establishing long-term relationships with our clients, helping you fully understand the processes involved in commercial real estate transactions, so that you are confident in our abilities to successfully get the job done. Furthermore, we consider important factors such as how a location will affect your type of business, traffic counts, exposure needs and more.
No Headaches. No Hassles. Just Results.
Since 1987, we’ve worked hard to establish a reputation as a trustworthy, honest and results driven Sarasota commercial real estate company. We want to help you achieve your buying, selling and leasing goals and we have the knowledge and experience to do so, effectively and efficiently. Contact an agent today and get started!pot
Sarah Silverman Got High At the Emmys
By Elissa Goldstein August 26, 2014
“This is my pot. It’s liquid pot.” 
Network Jews: Andy Botwin from Showtime’s Pot Comedy ‘Weeds’
By Abe Fried-Tanzer September 11, 2012
The promiscuous playboy who enrolled in rabbinical school to avoid being called up to the army 
Israeli Researchers Develop Medicinal Cannabis Plant that Won’t Get You High
By Stephanie Butnick May 31, 2012
Lower levels of THC in new medicinal marijuana plant eliminate side effects, including the munchies 
ADVERTISEMENT, 2011
/ 29 Adar II, 5771
And now for the important news ....
By
Argus Hamilton |
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton notched her highest approval rating ever Thursday for how she's prosecuted the Libya war, reinforced Saudi Arabia and kept Iraq quiet. She's getting ready for her close-up. The next oil-producing country we invade will be Olay.
President Obama gave a speech Tuesday saying one solution to Western dependence on oil is to build more nuclear reactors. That was courageous. Most politicians don't possess the self-confidence to propose de-population as a solution to our energy problems.
The U.S. and Britain airdropped CIA and British spies into Libya Tuesday to scope out both sides. It won't be long before their cover is blown. Moammar Khadaffi just ordered the doorman at the Tripoli casino to murder the first white guy who wins at Baccarat and leaves with Ursula Andress.
Major League Baseball's season began Thursday in baseball stadiums nationwide. Fans turned out to see the game's best pitchers face the game's best hitters. Everyone was glad to open to the sports page on Friday to look at the box scores and read hits, runs, errors, and blood test results.
California announced Wednesday the Golden State's three-year drought is officially over. Sixty feet of snow fell on the Sierras, causing roofs to collapse. People in Tahoe have so much snow in their living room it looks like a photo layout in Charlie Sheen Living.
Tiger Woods put his one hundred and fifty-five foot yacht Privacy up for sale in Orlando Thursday for a reported asking price of twenty-five million dollars. All in all, it's a huge lesson. Naming your yacht Privacy is no substitute for learning how to erase text messages.
Lockerbie bomber Abdel al-Megrahi stayed in hiding in Tripoli Friday. He was freed by Britain because he was dying from cancer but he didn't die. Republicans want him to testify in Congress how his cancer disappeared once he got away from national health care.
NATO warned Thursday it will fire on anti-Khadaffi rebels if they fire on pro-Khadaffi civilians. Until now we only fired on pro-Khadaffi forces firing on anti-Khadaffi civilians. It makes most Americans nostalgic for the days when we had a simple policy of Blood for Oil.
Al-Qaeda got Burger King to change its ice cream swirl logo because it resembles the Arabic word for Allah. They've come into the modern era. They've gone from hijacking planes and crashing buildings to suing fast food restaurants for insults and hot coffee spills.
Arnold Schwarzenegger teamed up with Marvel Comics genius Stan Lee Wednesday to create a new comic book hero called The Governator. It's about an ex-movie star and ex-California governor who fights crime from his Brentwood mansion. In the first issue he does battle against age discrimination in Hollywood and the Gallup Poll approval rating.
Las Vegas officials opened the city's new Museum of Organized Crime on Wednesday to show how the Mafia built the Las Vegas Strip. The older hotels still show traces of it. The Riviera has a Mafia hot tub in the spa that's six feet across and five thousand feet deep.
NASCAR driver Chris Lafferty announced Thursday his racecar will endorse the Tea Party in the NASCAR races this season. It's in the glorious Southern tradition of defiance against the federal government. As long as the whitewall tires are stocked alongside the blackwall tires in the driver's pit, there's nothing the federal government can doWritten on: 29/08/2013
The products offered by this company are all great quality. The service and support provided by Face west is excellent, professional and efficient. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend them
As rated by our community of reviewers
" First class service " 
Written by kath4070
" Good website , brilliant deals , quality products . " 
" Great friendly service " 
" Sito davvero ottimo " 
" Excellent Customer Service " FRIENDS, family and magic fans have paid tribute to ‘master magician’ Phillip Jones, who died suddenly at Pembroke Castle on Sunday (May 11).
Phillip, 52, of Milford Haven, had been performing at the Valero Spring Fayre to mark the 50th anniversary of continuous operations at the Pembroke Refinery.
A performer for more than 30 years, people around the county have been saddened to hear of his death.
Former chairman of Milford Haven Round Table, Ralph Rees, said: .”
Phil’s website has been flooded with messages of condolence, from families around the county who have been inspired and entertained by his act.
Writing on Facebook, Irene Morgan said: “So sad a great entertainer you will be missed.”
Adele Baggett wrote: “RIP. The children of Milford Haven will miss you.”
Faith Neekcam added: “RIP Phil, you really entertained me when I was a small little girl, now there will never ever be amazing magic. Make sure you make the people up there laugh like you made us laugh miss you pal, see you very.Overview
Property Details
Studio, 0 Bedrooms, 1 Baths, 3 Sleeps
Condado, Ashford Avenue,Located about a 10 Minutes drive from the International Airport and a 1 minute walk to the beach. Walking distance to La Concha Renaissance Hotel and Casino, Condado Plaza Hotel, San Juan Marriot and Stellaris Casino and many other hotels, restaurants, and casinos within the area. Walk to international boutiques, gyms, banks, post office, Pharmacy, groceries, cafes, Ashford Medical Hospital, fast food stores, churches, and many more facilities and amenities. A few minutes drive leads to the Caribe Hilton Hotel and Casino and other landmark hotels, amenities and sights in Old San Juan and to Isla Verde turistic area.
Recent Review
Amazing weekend
About the Owner
8 Reviews
5 based on 8 traveler reviews
Amazing weekend
Great Value Great Location, Nice View
Great Value and Location Nice view fron balcony
Great Location and View!
Best PR stay ever!!!!!
Best stay in PR ever!!!!
Location
Activity and Interests
Museums, Theaters, fabulous sites, hotels, beaches and important cultural, social, educational, business, and athletic events that take place year-round throughout the Island. Modern highways take you everywhere and warm and friendly islanders will gladly help you if you neded. Tropical climate year-round. Walking distance (1 minute) to the beach. Tours may be arranged at mayor hotels.
Availability
Rental rates
Notes
- Nightly Rate: $75 - $100
Weekly Rate: $500 - $600
Monthly Rate: $2000 - $2500
Low season $500 weekly
* April 15 to November 14
High season $600 weekly
* November 15 to April 14
Additional Night $100 - $150
One time cleaning fee $50
Payment through PayPal or U.S. Postal Money Order.
* 50% Deposit due at reservation and full payment due 15 days prior check in.
* Check in at 3:00 pm
* Free WiFi
- 12
- Available
- 12
- Unavailable
- 12
- Today
Amenities
Property Type
- studio
Theme
- Adventure
- Budget
- Family
- Romantic
General
- Air Conditioning
- Internet
Pool / Spa
- Outdoor Pool
Suitability
- pets not allowed
Location Type
- Beach View
- Oceanfront
Sports & Adventure Activities
- golf
Bathrooms
-
- 1 Bathroom
- Bathroom 1
Bedrooms
- Studio, Sleeps 3
Notes:
- Cozy, comfortable, fully furnished and moderate rental studio in the heart of Ashford Avenue, beach and luxury hotels in San Juan, Puerto Rico, U.S.A.. Breath taking sight of the area and the sea from the private open balcony five stories high great for relaxing, reading or smoking. Features: A/C, comfortable Living area, 1 queen size bed, 1 twin convertible futon, 1 bath, full kitchen, cooking utensils, dinerware, dining table, microwave, stove w/oven and refrigerator, water heater, iron, hair dryer, 32" LCD flat screen TV with DVD, cable TV, alarm radio, CD player, free Wi-Fi Hot Spot, 1 gated private parking space, coin laundry, beach towels and bed linens. * 1 MINUTE WALk TO THE BEACH * SLEEPS 3 * PRIVATE OPEN AIR BALCONY * PARKING SPACE INCLUDED * 10 MINUTES FROM THE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT * FULLY EQUIPED * SWIMMING POOLI was lucky to find garam masala in the bulk spice bins, so I could get 2 tsp. for 50 cents. I don't use garam masala often, so it's a great buy for me!
Tariwale Alu Matar
(Curried Peas and Potatoes)
4 tbsp. EVOO (I used 1)
1/2 c. finely chopped onion
1 tbsp. grated ginger
1/4 tsp. turmeric
1/2 tsp. cayenne pepper
1/2 tsp. paprika
1 tsp. cumin
1 tsp. corriander
1 c. tomatoes (I used canned organic diced)
3-4 medium potatoes, diced
3 c. peas
2 c. water
1/2 c. yogurt
1/2 tsp. garam masala
1/2 c. cilantro, chopped
Heat pan to medium, add oil, ginger, and onions. Cook for 1 minute, add turmeric, cayenne, paprika, cumin, corriander, and tomatoes. Heat through for about 2 minutes. Add the potatoes, stir, and add the water. When it boils, turn to low and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.
Add the frozen peas, heat through.
Stir in the yogurt until creamy, add the garam masala, stir and serve with cilantro.
2 comments:
YUM! I LOVE curried vegetables!
There's something so warm and flavorful about North Indian food. I love it!Note: The only changes to this entry are minor corrections to grammar, punctuation, formatting, and spelling. I’ve also removed any last names which appeared.
Why is french kissing so appealing. I have french kissed both Sabrina and Kelly, and it is addictive. I think it is the thought of tongues tasting each other or something. Who knows?
Maile is coming over! Thank God! No more nights spent biking the streets pissed and depressed. I can hardly blame Maile for that, though. I love her.
I’ve just decided to pass the time until her arrival writing this. I don’t know why. Oh! Curtis told me a cool saying today!
“It is better to be pissed off than pissed on!”
I like it.
“Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence”'Amazing Race Canada' Dominates Canadian Screen Awards Pre-Telecast
TORONTO – Amazing Race Canada and a Canadian take on Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives were the big winners on Tuesday night as prize-giving at the Canadian Screen Awards got underway.
CTV's Amazing Race Canada, the local version of the international TV franchise, won three pre-telecast Screenies: best reality series photography, best reality series writing and best non-fiction cross-platform project for its digital extension.
And Food Network Canada’s You Gotta Eat Here, where host John Catucci tours Canadian diners and greasy spoons for bites and banter, won for best lifestyle series at a pre-telecast ceremony in Toronto.
You Gotta Eat Here director Jim Morrison also grabbed the trophy for best lifestyle program direction.
As trophies were handed out for news, sports, documentary, lifestyle, reality and digital media categories, National Geographic Canada's Museum Secrets, about top global museums, won for best information series editing and best factual program.
Other winners on Tuesday night included CTV National News With Lisa LaFlamme, which was named best national newscast, and TVO's The Defector: Escape from North Korea, which won for best documentary.
The Canadian Screen Awards continue with additional pre-telecast awards handed out for drama, kids, comedy and variety programming, ahead of a gala ceremony on Sunday night hosted by Martin Short, which will air on the CBC.Distance from Houston to Chihuahua
Distance is 1049 kilometers or 652 miles or 566 nautical milesThe distance is the theoretical air distance (great circle distance). Flying between the two locations' airports can be a different distance, depending on airport location and actual route chosen.
Map - Shortest path between Houston and Chihuahua
- Location for Houston
- Location for Chihuahua
Heading from Houston
See other cities near Houston
Calculate distance from HoustonCheap AKK to Pueblo flights
Popular Flights from Akhiok, Alaska
Top Akhiok Flights to US Destinations
Popular Flights from Pueblo, Colorado
Top Pueblo Flights to US Destinations
AKK to PUB Route Map
Akhiok to Pueblo Flights, Stats and Airplanes
Route information for flights from Akhiok AK to Pueblo Memorial.
Origin:
Destination:
Distance:
2,571.45 miles
PUB - Pueblo Memorial Airlines
Browse the most popular airlines servicing the Pueblo (PUB) airport. Visit their flights pages to learn more about the most popular routes these carriers fly.Artist of the day: Silas
St. Pete prog-metal act Silas is all about the tricky time signatures, high-tech guitar fury and vocal-chord-twisting vocals -- or at least, that used to be the case.
Alas, the band is calling it quits this weekend with a farewell show Saturday at the Orpheum. "No real reason, just the scene is kind of dying here, and we have all lost our interest in that style of music," said guitarist Nate Schmidt. "Thought it was best to move on and go on to better things."
Schmidt, vocalist Mike Chadwick, bassist Austin Peterson, drummer Matt Poynter and keyboardist Wil Fady will offer up one more screamtastic show of throat-searing metal before Silas calls it quits.
The show is Saturday (12/26) at the Orpheum with Oceana, My Captain My King, Stella and Von Wolfe. Doors open at 5:30 p.m. Tickets are $10. Head over and wish Silas' members all the best as they go their separate ways in 2010.
0Harper College and Rasmussen College
Partners in Your Education.
Harper College and Rasmussen College Dual Degree Program
Through our partnership with Harper a Harper College counselor and a Rasmussen College student advisor
- Scholarship opportunities—apply for a $2,000 Graduation Scholarship
*Must maintain continuous enrollment. $260 per credit is applicable only for courses taken at Rasmussen College.
To learn more, check out our Frequently Asked Questions below.I was listening the other day to a song sung by Cliff Edwards, Cheating on Me, recorded from an old 78 RPM single. Scratchy, warbly, and a bit thin, but it comes across beautifully across the gap of time. When you listen for a while, the scratches just disappear into the background and you hear Ukulele Ike’s lovely voice cut through the noise. I was thinking it was a song I really should learn to play myself. Listen to Edwards’s classic strumming in his version, as well as the key change towards the end:
I have it on my MP3, player along with many other tunes from the 1920s through the 50s. When I tire of listening to audio lectures and history podcasts (my usual audio fare when walking my dogs), or just want a change, I put the old music on; tunes featuring Al Bowlly, Ruth Etting, Rudy Vallee, Bessie Smith and others. Music my parents would have known. Songs like Brother Can You Spare a Dime? Why Don’t You Do Right? Sweetheart of Sigma Chi. Ukulele Lady.
Wonderful stuff. Not really all that different from today’s music, just some changes in instrumentation, in rhythm and in instrumentation. Certainly the sentiment in the lyrics is familiar: love, passion, loss, cheating, family, friends, the ups and downs of relationships. A bit more innocent than music these days (no violent, pornographic lyrics). I turn to this music increasingly often these days, less and less to modern, post-1990 tunes.
Here’s the same song, sung a few years later by Kay Brown, arranged for a somewhat later period’s musical tastes and different orchestration:
Both are undated, but I’d guess Edwards was from the late 1920s, Brown from the 40s.* One of the positive aspects of the internet has been the archiving of a lot of material from the past like these tunes, making them accessible for a new, wider audience.
Back when Edwards recorded the song, the guitar was not used a lot in popular music – it would start its ascendancy in the early 1930s when the first electric amplification was developed. But the ukulele craze brought that little instrument to the fore from around 1920 to the mid-1930s. And Edwards was the top of the pops for a while.
How well that music of yesteryear works today is evident in the numerous pop stars who have cut albums of old popular standards. Rod Stewart, Tony Bennett and Brian Ferry, for example. Then there are those who have resurrected the music in somewhat more romantic manner: Steve Tyrell comes to mind as the best of them, as the least saccharine and most authentic of many performers. Critic John Taylor writes:
…Tyrell is a romantic’s romantic, his just-slightly-craggy voice possessed of a natural and easy-going warmth. He may not be the most technically precise singer around, but there’s a just-between-us quality that renders each tune an intimate and personal performance, as though Tyrell is singing, not to a crowd but to each and every individual listener. Add impeccable production and sympathetic support from an utterly immaculate orchestra, and the results are the perfect prelude to passion.
Tyrell and the rest all know that good music is timeless and our musical past is easily resurrected, with just a little careful honing (and sincere appreciation of the music). Most of their cover songs are arranged to suit more modern tastes. Orchestrations beefed up to fit the current tastes in sound and rhythm, bass lines pumped up. But really not all that different: it remains comfortable and approachable for any modern listener.Drink and Draw
Pooka is 23 years old. She's a petite girl with strawberry blond (emphasis on the strawberry) hair and bangs pulled back and pumped up into a Gwen Stefani pompadour. She looks at a piece of paper on which someone has drawn a crude picture of a giraffe, complete with a linguine neck and leaking teats.
"Oh! I'm going to draw a lactating girl to match the lactating giraffe," she says in a Latinized suburban Miami accent as her full-bearded boyfriend, John-Wolf, gets up to greet a rocked-out-looking friend.
"Hi, Pooka!" the rocker responds quickly.
"Hi. I like your nipples," she says to him and then gives them a pinch.
Next Pooka gives a brief disquisition on John-Wolf's extraordinary ability to grow a gnarly brawny-man beard in only a week. "Look at him," she says. "Look at that fur."
Then the two men head out in the direction of BT's Gentlemen's Club (5922 S. Dixie Hwy., South Miami), which is next door.
"Velvet's my favorite stripper at BT's," Pooka tells me. "She's a thick girl with a gigantic ass. I mean, I don't know how she fits that thing in human clothes."
"Do you go to BT's because you like to draw the girls?" I ask.
"Mmm, yessss," Pooka says excitedly, but then quickly admits Velvet prefers dollar bills to a sketchbook.
"Do you ever get lap dances, you know, to get a better look?"
"I guess I feel since I'm a female and I don't have, you know, a penis, I shouldn't really be there. So I look at the girls, and I just buy lap dances for my boyfriend. I feel like I live vicariously through him. Like, go and have fun, and I'll just pretend like I did that."
Welcome to Drink and Draw — a social club of illustrators, their girlfriends, and ex-Dungeon Masters who meet the first Saturday of every month, 8:30-ish, on the cobblestone patio of Sunset Tavern (7232 SW 59th Ave., South Miami).
It began in Los Angeles, where a bunch of animators, including L.A. Ink's Kat Von D, decided to meet up every week to draw at a bar. They publicized the idea on MySpace, and some folks in Atlanta picked up on the idea. Then came Milwaukee and Lafayette, Louisiana.
This summer, Greg Narvasa, a Miami T-shirt designer who has a clean, spiky 'do and calls himself "a Midwestern Hispanic," decided to organize the fourth Drink and Draw chapter. After he made a few phone calls and sent e-mails to local friends/animators, about 30 people showed up at the first meeting. There have been four more gatherings since then. Attendance has fluctuated.
The idea, Pooka explains, is to find laxatives to cure "artist constipation."
At the most recent gathering, on October 13, six plastic tables were pushed together and 25 or so bodies were crammed around them, some sketching, some drinking, some just talking.
"It's [a place] where like-minded people can get together and serve as sources of competition and also for inspiration and support," says Jonathan, a floppy and sandy-haired dude who has attended several of the gatherings. He takes a sip of Michelob Ultra. "It's sort of like a workshop with boobs."
He means booze.
Next Pooka introduces me to 33-year-old Pat, whom she calls "Lord Patrick of the Third Realm" or simply "Pat Thai," because of his lineage.
Why does he come?
"I want to see what the competition is," he says. "And I use the term loosely.... I know I'm the best artist here."
Pooka randomly pulls a tube of vaginal cream from her purse and slaps it on the table.
How's that for inspiration and support?
For several minutes the group takes turns working on one big community sketch. Then they hand it over to Greg, the organizer, who lays it out on the table in front of him. It includes the giraffe and, as promised, a curvy, naked woman who has liquid oozing from her breasts. The image is refreshing for the struggling animator, who designs T-shirts for blood drives. "Once in the L.A. group, everyone drew their version of a gay Conan," says Greg.
"Hold on. Conan O'Brien or Conan the Barbarian?" I ask.
"Conan the Barbarian," he says. Then he begins sketching a man who resembles himself. The figure is clutching the giant giraffe's head as if riding a Falkor-esque beast ... while smoking a cigarette.
"Actually, drawing homoerotic cartoons is a good way of making money," 23-year-old Kristal says in a sweetly girlish voice. "I bought my husband an Xbox 360 with money I made from selling gay porn over the Internet."
I ask Kristal, a pale girl with glasses and pulled-back dark hair, why one would come to Drink and Draw.
To brush up on the art of drawing penises, she says. That's an art Kristal has certainly mastered in her own sketches — which she showed me later on. They include a portrayal of Richard Karn (Al from Home Improvement) getting pounded by Elton John atop a unicorn. Then there's my personal favorite: Velma from Scooby-Doo receiving a loaf of bread doggy-style. All of this has made Kristal, a manga convention organizer, quite a pretty penny. "I tend to charge $10 for a simple sketch, $15 to clean it up and make it more refined, $20 for some simple coloring, and $35 for full color with no background," says the University of Miami biology student. "The person sends a description of what they want, and I'll reply with a sketch. They send their money to me through PayPal, and then I'll e-mail them the final high-resolution copy."
When Kristal is handed the group picture, she begins to draw a white-haired man over the left ear of the giraffe. She adds wings, and the figure seems angelic. I take a second look and notice her character is also holding a smoking gun.
Pooka tries to persuade the artists that Irish car bombs — drinks that consist of Guinness, Bailey's, and about 10 seconds of chugging — are "good for the stomach."
Someone refers to the libation as "Irish Pepto," and then I ask Pooka where her name comes from.
"It comes from my role-playing days," she says.
"You mean your larping days?" someone in the group calls out.
"Larping?" I ask. "What's that?"
"Live-action role-playing," Pooka says as her face turns the same color as her hair. "In role-playing there's species of characters you can play. Pooka is like an Irish boogeyman, usually a black horse or a dog that befriends humans and then runs them into a thorn patch or stomps on your head. Her personality was just like mine."
The drawing comes around again. Pat Thai has drawn a flustered anime man in a blazer surrounded by psychedelic swirls. Above him a word balloon reads, "Oh my ..." He eyes a doodle of a head sprouting an erect, diseased-looking member and drooling over Pooka's buxom milk fountain.
The drawing is everything a good, tumultuous Saturday night should be: insane, alcohol-laden, and kBrowse for words starting with conceptualistic
conceptualistic
16 letter and longer words starting with:
conceptualistica
Back to conceptualisti
Some random words: jejuna teiglach wha rosolio li tike imid
This is not a dictionary, it's a word game wordfinder.
- Help and FAQ - Examples - Home
Privacy Policy - Share - © Copyright 2004-2015 Morewords.com - 6.418mSYou may also like
This banner shows a similar doctor. For information on how it can be removed visit RateMDs for Doctors.
You, or someone from your location, have already rated this doctor. Thanks for the rating!
Rate Dr. Andrew J. Watt
Top Hospitals in Stanford, CA
Find a Doctor by Specialty
You may also like
Top Cosmetic Surgeons / Plastic Surgeons
in Stanford, CA
19 reviews
#1 of 6
1 review
#2 of 6
2 reviews
#3 of 6
#4 of 6
#5 of 6Monday
Work session
10:30 a.m. Manager update
Tom Sullivan, County Manager
11:30 a.m. Legal update
John Merrill, County Attorney
Noon Lunch break
1:30 p.m. Treasurer update
Brita Horn, Treasurer
■ County Held Tax Liens
Discussion regarding County Held Tax Liens
2 p.m. Communications update
Douglas Brown, Director
■ 2014 radio purchases
Discussion regarding the 2014 purchase of radios for Road and Bridge, Routt County Sheriff’s Office, Communications and Yampa Valley Regional Airport.
2:15 p.m. Sheriff update
Garrett Wiggins
■ Temporary position records staff
Discussion to hire a part-time temporary employee to assist records staff with data migration.
2:45 June 2, 2014
B. Consideration for approval and signature of the annual Routt County 1451 Collaborative Management Program Memorandum of Understanding between Routt County on behalf of its Department of Human Services and The 14th Judicial District Combined Courts, Northwest Colorado Visiting Nurses Association, RE-1 School District, RE-2 School District, RE-3 School District, Advocates Against Battering & Abuse DBA Advocates Building Peaceful Communities, Colorado West Regional Mental Health, Behavioral Health Organization, Managed Services Organization and the Division of Youth Corrections for SFY 2014-2015.
C. Approval of and authorization to sign a previously approved IGA with CDOT with new Exhibit G.. Revised CORA policy
Consideration of adoption of a revised Policy Regarding Requests for Public Records Pursuant to the Colorado Public (Open) Records Act.
11 a.m. Sheriff
Garrett Wiggins, Sheriff
A. Temporary position records staff
Consideration for approval to hire a part-time temporary Records Staff to assist Records with data migration.
11:15 a.m. Communications
Director, Douglas Brown
A. 2014 Radio purchases road and bridge
Consideration to waive the formal bid process and approve and authorize the chairperson’s signature of the Supplemental Budget and the Purchase Order related to the purchase of five 800 MHz mobile radios for the Road and Bridge Department.
B. 2014 Radio purchase Sheriff’s Office
Consideration to waive the formal bid process and approve and authorize the chairperson to sign the Supplemental Budget and the communications director to sign the purchase order for three MHz portable radios for the Routt County Sheriff’s Office/Jail.
C. 2014 Radio purchases Communications and YVRA
Consideration to waive the formal bid process and approve and authorize the chairperson to sign the purchase order for one dual band portable radio for Communications and one 800 MHz mobile radio for the Yampa Valley Regional Airport.
Noon Lunch break
1 p.m. Assessor
Gary Peterson, Assessor
A. Abatements
Consideration to approve or deny the following Petitions for Abatement or Refund of Taxes:
Account Number/Owner:
■ R8173598-LIF Enterprises (Chad Fleischer)
■ R8165036 — Frient
■ R0155108 — Gibson
■ R3504283 — Jones
■ R0155595 & R0255356 — TanEvery Thursday Apple reveals a new free app of the week. Some apps are likely to be used a lot, such as last week's free app, 360 Panorama. Other apps, like this week's Kayak Pro, may not sound like something you're going to use today, or even in the near future, but you should download it anyway. Why? As pointed out on Reddit, and then by The Next Web -- because it's free.
If you're not going to use the app right away, delete it from your iOS device. There's no point in letting it take up space on your device, and you can always download it again in the future without having to pay for it. And, thanks to iCloud and the purchased section of the App Store, you can easily find apps you've previously purchased and download them in just a few taps.
If you end up needing an app you have downloaded and later deleted from your device, launch the App Store on your iOS device and tap on Updates. At the top there will be a Purchased option; tap on it. Then tap on the Not on this iPhone (or iPad, iPod). You should then see a list of apps you have purchased, but not currently installed on the device you're using. Find the app you want to use, and download it.
The approach to taking advantage of free app promotions is nothing new. Even before Apple rolled out the recent purchase section of the App Store with iCloud, users were able to search the name of an app and re-download it for free; if they could remember the name of the app, that is.
If you see a tweet, or a blog post with a current promotion for a free app, be it Apple's free app of the week, or from a developer, take advantage of it. You never know what kind of app you'll end up needing or using in the future.Link to this page:
Posted on 29 February 2012 at 16:56 GMT
West London Socialist Party: Defend Charing Cross hospital
Wednesday 29th February 2012
7.45pm
Wickham room, Bishop Creighton House, 378 Lillie Road (by junction with Fulham Palace Road), London
With detailed plans for cuts to be announced in June, the Imperial Trust has refused to give assurances about the future of A&E at Charing Cross hospital. In the 1990s and again in 2005 a massive campaign of resistance lifted threats to this A&E, the time has come for another such campaign!
Why not click here to join the Socialist Party, or click here to donate to the Socialist Party.CALHOUN COUNTY
Jan. 22: Tory Earl Stone, state VOP
Jan. 23: James Timothy Sapp, criminal registrant; Pamela Bowden Mayo, VOP; Shane Adam Coburn, poss. of controlled substance - synthetic marijuana; John Will Holland, poss. of controlled substance - synthetic marijuana, poss. l/t 20 grams marijuana; Steve Gordon Mears, felony battery on elected official; Dave Peterson, felony battery
Jan. 24: Shane Adam Coburn, VOP; Stephanie Diane Coker, burglary of a dwelling, burglary of an unoccupied structure, grand theft
Jan. 25: Lavasyette Catherine Donaldson, assault or battery on person 65 or older; Rex Alton Tucker, domestic battery, child abuse
Jan. 26: Robert Lee Simmons, false reports of commission of crime, leaving scene of crash without rendering, reckless driving with damage
Sheriff's Log for 01-30-14
Trackbacks
Trackback specific URI for this entry
No TrackbacksThe absolute best for those who seek all the options and full immersion into educational robotics
View our current and upcoming events!
Explore your exciting options and opportunities
28780 Old Town Front Street, A-3 Temecula, CA 92590 (951) 230 - 8333
Gears 2 Robots is not affiliated with the LEGO GroupPitching Success
By Steven Ellis, former Chicago Cubs pitching pro
You have goals set for yourself, even if you think you do not. This process occurs in the subconscious mind. Make the most of your subconscious thoughts by following these seven steps. It will shape future events in your life from pitching to life away from the pitcher's mound.
1. Set a clear precise goal
One in which you must achieve. Whatever the goal, make it specific and put it in writing. For example, throwing first pitch strikes to hitters or putting hitters away when you have two strikes on them are goals that are necessairy to be a successful pitcher and should be written down.
2. Set a relaistic time frame
There are no unrealistic goals, just unrealistic time frames. For example, if you want to throw harder, it simply won't happen over night. Instead, if you dedicate yourself to following a strict weight training regimen, you can expect to see velocity improvements over the course of a 8-10 week off season.
3. Break down goals
Arrange long term goals into short term goals: daily, weekly, monthly, and yearly.
4. Measure progress
Make corrections as needed. Note progress, what you have learned from failures, and write it all down so you can reference it in the future. This way you can see what made you successful or unsuccessful and can make adjusts accordingly.
5. Create motivation
"Desire" what it will mean for you to accomplish the goal.
6. Create mental pictures of success
See yourself attaining the goal using all senses: touch, sight, hear, taste, and smell. Bring the visualized experience to life! For example, picture yourself making the perfect pitch in the 9th inning of a close game with runners on base and threatening to score. Hear the crowd roar, smell the hot dog stand, see nothing but your catcher's glove, etc.
7. Believe in your abilities
Maintain a positive attitude and never, ever surrender to your dreams!!You are here: Home » Search » Search Results » Document
Search Documents | Browse Documents
EXHIBIT
10.1
PROMOTION
AGREEMENT
This
Promotion Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into as of
February 3, 2010 (“Effective Date”) by and between
MiddleBrook Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“MBRK”), a Delaware
corporation with offices at 7 Village Circle, Suite 100,
Westlake, TX 76262 and DoctorDirectory.com, Inc .
(“DD”), a South Carolina Corporation, with offices at
One Page Avenue, Suite 280, Asheville, NC 28801.
WHEREAS DD
provides advertising, promotion and marketing services to
pharmaceutical companies that seek to market their products to
physicians and other allied medical professionals including nurses,
nurse practitioners, and physician assistants; and
WHEREAS
MBRK markets prescription drug products, including its product
known as MOXATAG ®
(“MOXATAG”)
to licensed physicians, nurses, nurse practitioners, and physician
assistants in the United States (“US”) whose clinical
practice is consistent with MOXATAG’s approved labeling;
and
WHEREAS
MBRK seeks to have MOXATAG promoted to as many licensed US
physicians, nurse practitioners and physician assistants whose
clinical practice is consistent with MOXATAG’s approved
labeling as is possible and practical.
THEREFORE,
for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of
which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree that DD will
promote MOXATAG to certain US physicians and others as identified
in this Agreement subject to the terms and conditions as set forth
below:
Section 1
—
Definitions
The terms
as used in this Agreement will have the meanings as
follows:
(a)
“ Actual DD Target
Segment MOXATAG TRx ” means the total actual number
of MOXATAG prescriptions filled in the US during the applicable
Promotional Measurement Period and written by DD Target Segment
Prescribers as stipulated by the Prescriber Data.
(b)
“ Actual DD Target
Segment MOXATAG TRx Tablets ” means the average
number of tablets contained in all MOXATAG TRx during the
applicable Promotional Measurement Period as stipulated by the
Prescriber Data including the tablet quantities as reported by IMS
NPA weekly EUTRx (tablets) data, multiplied by Actual DD
Target Segment MOXATAG TRx.
(c)
“ Change of
Control ” means the change of control of MBRK, as
defined by any of the following events: A) any third party acquires
directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of any voting
security of MBRK representing fifty percent (50%) of the total
voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of MBRK; B)
the consummation of a merger, consolidation, recapitalization, or
reorganization of MBRK with or by a third party which
would result in fifty percent (50%) or more of
the total voting power of MBRK stock being transferred to a third
party; or C) the stockholders or equity holders of MBRK approve a
plan of complete liquidation of MBRK or an agreement for the sale
or disposition of all or substantially all the assets of
MBRK.
(d)
“ Coupons
” means those coupons or vouchers
provided by MBRK and distributed through a MBRK designee and whose
redemption is tracked by a MBRK designee, and redeemed by patients
filling MOXATAG prescriptions written by DD Target Segment
Prescribers.
(e)
“ Cost of Coupon
Redemption Amount ” means the redemption amount and the
costs associated with printing and processing those Coupons
redeemed during the applicable Promotion Measurement
period.
(f)
“ Cost of Samples
Amount ” means the cost of manufacturing and
delivering (including, without limitation, all applicable freight,
packaging and shipping costs) and costs of any third party vendors
used in connection with manufacturing and fulfillment of MOXATAG
samples.
(g)
“ Deposit
” means that amount which MBRK shall deposit with DD upon the
Promotion Commencement Date and as subject to the adjustment
outlined in Section 5.
(h)
“ DD Target Segment
Prescribers ” means the licensed prescribers as
defined in EXHIBIT 1.
(i)
“ Early Termination
Fee ” means that amount equal to the most
recent month’s Promotion Fee prior to termination, multiplied
by the number of unexpired months remaining in the current year of
the Agreement.
(j)
“ End of Agreement
Fee ” means the fee, in addition to any other amounts
due, payable to DD (when this Agreement is terminated as further
described in Section 18(f)) that is equal to two
(2) times the last month’s Promotional Fee earned by DD
during the last month of the Agreement.
(k)
“ FDA
” means the federal Food and Drug
Administration.
(l)
“ Gross Margin Per
Tablet ” means the Gross Margin calculated in
accordance with GAAP and which excludes those non-recurring and
unusual items that the Parties agree are not resulting from
activities under this Agreement (“GM Adjustment Items”)
divided by the actual number of MOXATAG tablets (as report
by IMS Health Rx data) during the applicable Promotional Period. By
way of example, these GM Adjustment Items where appropriate may
include inventory write-offs, changes to prior period reserve
balances or foreign exchange gains or losses. MBRK agrees to
provide a summary of any GM Adjustment Items to DD. The calculation
of Gross Margin Per Tablet will be based on U.S. sales of MOXATAG
only. For periods after September 30, 2010, if the Gross
Margin per Tablet is less than $3.50, the Parties agree to
re-evaluate the viability of the Agreement and if deemed necessary
will use commercially reasonable efforts to re-negotiate an
amendment to the Agreement.
(m)
“ Gross Margin Per TRx
” means
the Gross Margin per MOXATAG Rx as calculated in accordance with
GAAP and which exclude GM Adjustment Items. The calculation of
Gross Margin Per TRx will be based on U.S. sales of MOXATAG only.
For the period from the Effective Date through September 30,
2010, the Gross Margin per TRx shall be $36.50.
(n)
“ Intellectual Property
Rights ” means any and all patents,
intellectual property rights or interests.
(o)
“ Medical
Professionals ” means licensed nurses, nurse
practitioners, and physician assistants.
(p)
“ MOXATAG
” means the prescription drug known as MOXATAG
®
(amoxicillin
extended-release) Tablets 775 mg, approved by the FDA, having NDC
numbers 110442-142-03 and 110442-142-02 which is marketed in the
US, including currently and subsequently approved formulations,
strengths, concentrations and delivery mechanisms.
(q)
“ MOXATAG
Labeling ” shall mean (a) the FDA-approved full
prescribing information for MOXATAG, including any required patient
information, and (b) all labels and other written, printed or
graphic matter upon any container, wrapper or any package insert or
outsert utilized with or for MOXATAG.
(r)
“ Parties
” means DD and MBRK collectively.
(s)
“ Prescriber
Data ” means the prescriber data supplied by a
nationally recognized prescription data provider where permitted
under federal and state law, which is currently provided to MBRK by
IMS Health.
(t)
“ Promotion
Commencement Date ” means the first day of the month
in which DD commences its promotion of MOXATAG under this
Agreement.
(u)
“ Promotion
Fees ” means the Promotion Fees payable to DD by MBRK
for the promotion services provided under this Agreement as is
calculated by and stipulated in Section 5, which represent
fair market value for such services.
(v)
“ Promotional
Materials ” shall mean all MBRK-approved and
available sales representative training materials and all
MBRK-approved and available written, printed, graphic, electronic,
audio or video matter, including, but not limited to, journal
advertisements, sales aids, formulary binders, reprints, direct
mail, direct-to-consumer advertising, Internet postings, broadcast
advertisements and sales reminder aids (for example, scratch pads,
pens and other such items), in each case created by a party or on
its behalf and used or intended for use by DD and MBRK in
connection with any promotion of MOXATAG hereunder, or disease
state or indication for which MOXATAG is approved for treatment but
excluding MOXATAG Labeling.
(w)
“ Promotional
Measurement Period ” means that month during which
prescription activity for MOXATAG is measured.
(x)
“ Territory
” shall mean the US, including all US territories,
possessions and protectorates.
(y)
“ Up-Front Payment
” means
the one-time payment of $50,000 to be made by MBRK to DD upon
execution of this Agreement.
Section 2
—
Term
This
Agreement shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall
continue in full force and effect for an initial term of three
(3) years from the Promotion Commencement Date, divided into
three one-year periods. Unless terminated in accordance with the
provisions of Section 18, this Agreement shall automatically
renew for each subsequent one-year term.
Section 3
—
Obligations of DD
3.1
DD will
promote MOXATAG to DD Target Segment Prescribers using its full
suite of promotion solutions where DD and MBRK deem appropriate,
including but not limited to DD’s a)
eSampling Platform, b) eLearning / eDetailing, c) Educational
Portal Promotions, f) Patient Portal Promotions, g) Direct Mail
Advertising, h) Coupon Promotions, i) Consumer Condition Content,
j) Search Engine Marketing and k) Mini Web Site Promotions where
appropriate and with prior written approval from MBRK. MBRK shall
have final approval as to the promotion solutions utilized by DD in
the promotion of MOXATAG and DD will not deploy any promotion
solution without such approval from MBRK. Such promotion solutions
are as listed in EXHIBIT 4. In the event that the Parties mutually
agree on the provision of additional services beyond those listed
in EXHIBIT 4, such additional promotional solutions shall be
approved by MBRK and additional Appendices numbered sequentially
(1, 2, 3, 4 etc.) setting forth in detail the additional services
shall be duly signed by authorized representatives of the Parties
and attached to EXHIBIT 4 and incorporated herein. The services
contained in EXHIBIT 4 and any related modifications thereto
represent those services that are reasonably necessary to
accomplish the promotion of MOXATAG. No services shall be provided
by DD, or paid for by MBRK, except as agreed to in writing by the
Parties.
3.2.
Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, all Promotional Materials
relating to MOXATAG that will be utilized by DD, as well as the use
and placement of such Promotional Materials, are subject to written
approval by MBRK prior to such use. DD agrees to provide draft and
final versions of all Promotional Materials to MBRK for
MBRK’s review and approval prior to DD’s use of such
Promotional Materials, provided such materials are developed or
modified by DD. MBRK has the authority to perform the final review
of all Promotional Materials developed by DD. All Promotional
Materials are subject to MBRK’s legal, medical and regulatory
review and approval process. DD agrees to make all the necessary
changes and/or modifications requested by MBRK. DD shall not use
Promotional Materials for any purpose outside of this Agreement
without prior written authorization from MBRK.
3.3.
Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, all MOXATAG sample request
forms (hereinafter “Sample Request Forms”) utilized by
DD to document a prescriber’s request for MOXATAG samples are
subject to written approval by MBRK. DD agrees to provide draft and
final versions of all Sample Request Forms to MBRK for MBRK’s
review and approval prior to DD’s use of such Sample Request
Forms. MBRK has the authority to perform the final review of all
Sample Request Forms developed by DD or used in conjunct. All
Sample Request Forms are subject to MBRK’s legal, medical and
regulatory review and approval process. DD agrees to make all the
necessary changes and/or modifications requested by MBRK. DD shall
not use Sample Request Forms for any purpose outside of this
Agreement without prior written authorization from MBRK.
3.4.
Notwithstanding
any other provision of this Agreement, DD shall not offer or
provide any item to a DD Target Segment Prescriber, without prior
written approval by MBRK. The provision of any items shall be
subject to MBRK’s legal, medical and regulatory review and
approval process. In the event that MBRK authorizes the provision
of items of nominal value to a DD Target Segment Prescriber, DD
shall track and record the item provided, the associated value, the
date of the transaction, and the recipient DD Target Segment
Prescriber, including his or her credentials and the state in which
he or she is licensed, where possible.
3.5
DD shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to promote MOXATAG to DD Target
Segment Prescribers and agrees to efficiently perform the services
as described in EXHIBIT 4 in compliance with MBRK’s policies
and procedures, and all applicable federal and state laws and
regulations, including, without limitation, federal and state
anti-kickback statutes, regulations contained in 21 CFR (Code of
Federal Regulations) as they pertain to promotional activity of an
FDA-approved pharmaceutical product and the US Department of Health
and Human Services Office of Inspector General’s
(“OIG”) Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical
Manufacturers (2003). DD agrees that it shall not directly or
indirectly offer, pay or transfer anything of value, in cash or
in-kind,While I was in California, my future in-laws took Greg and me to a Caribbean restaurant for dinner. As I have stated many times in the past, Caribbean food is my ultimate weakness. My best friend (and Maid of Honour) Sonia is from Trinidad and thanks to her and her family, I consider curry, roti, channa and doubles comfort food.
Now, the restaurant we visited in Palo Alto was mainly Jamaican so unfortunately roti was not on the menu. We did have an excellent goat curry though!
When I got back to Dallas, I couldn’t get curry off my mind so Greg and I drove to the closest Caribbean market to get some ingredients. I purchased more of my favourite curry powder (made by Chief) as well as some amchar masala and goat meat! (That will be a future recipe).
One of my favourite curries is a simple chicken and potato stew. Typically it’s more of a broth base but I like to make mine thicker by adding the potatoes to the broth at the beginning of the cooking period. The end result is a thicker chicken curry that is similar to the filling in doubles (minus the chickpeas)
Now if I learned anything from being the fourth honorary Sant sister, it’s that you close the bedroom door when you cook curry! If you don’t, all of your clothing will smell like an Indian restaurant for days. (No to mention laying down on a bed of curry is no fun, unless you are rice.).
Serves 4
{ 7 comments… read them below or add one }
I have a love relationship with Indian and Japanese curries so I can’t wait to try a different culture’s style. Thank you. Can’t wait to read up about goat curry! That will be totally new!
I’ve never cooked goat before either, so it will be new for both of us! Hopefully I’ll have time to try it this weekend.
It’s nearing supper time here and I’m soooo bookmarking this recipe because I’m also soooo hungry! This is my kind of dish!
the new burlap looks good.
Thanks for helping me find it! Who knew burlap was so rare.
Yum-oh! You just made my day! Sahx
Looks good.
{ 2 trackbacks }TEXT ONLY
News
Releases @ TCC
ROBIN YING NAMED VICE PRESIDENT FOR INFORMATION SYSTEMS AT TIDEWATER COMMUNITY COLLEGE
HAMPTON ROADS, Va. (Oct. 18, 2012) – Dr. Robin L. P. Ying has been appointed Vice President for Information Systems at Tidewater Community College. Prior to joining TCC, Dr. Ying held the position of Vice President for Information and Instructional Technology Services and served as the Chief Information Officer at Oklahoma City Community College.
Dr. Ying brings to TCC more than 30 years of experience in IT. He started his career with Bell Laboratories in the early 1980s after obtaining MS degree from Yale University, and his Ph.D. degree from the University of California, Berkeley. He also served in the post of Associate Vice President for Information Technology at Imperial Valley Community College District in California.
In the private sector, Dr. Ying was a district manager in the Business Markets Division of AT&T Labs where he managed technology and software development. Several key operation support systems developed by his group are still used today to support major AT&T global digital services.
Dr. Ying has also served on numerous global committees and appointments. As Chief Technical Advisor for the China Telecommunication Modernization Development Program he managed research and development projects for Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications. Among other appointments, he was a delegate to the National ISDN User Forum, and served on the Board of Directors of the Vendor ISDN Association and the Global ISDN Industry Forum.
Dr. Robin L. P. Ying is filling the role on the TCC Executive Staff vacated by Richard Andersen who is retiring from the college.
###.Zoom: Region
| Locality
| Street. Marker positions are approximate..
Feel.
< Accommodation in New South Wales
<< Gday Travel HomepageAlyssa Milano Baby Bump Photo: Pregnant Star Shares Selfie, Swears She's Not Carrying Twins
Baby's the boss! Pregnant Alyssa Milano showed off her growing baby bump in a selfie posted via Instagram on Friday, April 4.
PHOTOS: '90s TV stars -- then and now
"The bump," Milano, 41, wrote. "#shortpeoplecarrybig #noitsnottwins." In the snapshot, the Who's the Boss? alum smiles as she cradles her belly. She looks flawless in a tight-fitting navy blue maxi dress and wears her brunette locks down.
PHOTOS: Guess the baby bump!
Us exclusively broke news last month that the Mistresses actress and her CAA agent husband David Bugliari, 33, are expecting their second child together. The couple -- married since 2009 -- are already parents to son Milo, 2.
PHOTOS: Celebrity pregnancy confessions
"Alyssa is so excited to be pregnant again!" a source told Us at the time. "She just recently started showing and has wanted to expand her family with David for a while."Our mission is to provide resources for achieving academic excellence. We are proud of our constantly changing and improving menu of academic support services. We encourage you to work with our friendly staff to use our services to make your time at UT Martin a great success!
Recommended Reading List
We get asked all the time for our recommendations for books to read. So our staff put together their recommendations for books that can make a different in your academic career: >Tarp on trailer snags power lines
Published: Wednesday, May 22, 2013 at 3:45 p.m.
Last Modified: Wednesday, May 22, 2013 at 3:45 p.m..
No one was injured and the investigation is on-going, officials said.
- Austin L. Miller
Reader comments posted to this article may be published in our print edition. All rights reserved. This copyrighted material may not be re-published without permission. Links are encouraged.The pair, who are tying the knot in a live TV special on ABC on Jan. 26 next year, were spotted looking at flower arrangements in L.A. on Thursday.
Lowe, who celebrated turning 30 with a party in Las Vegas on Friday night, and his fiancée were trailed by a camera crew while looking at table settings, and they also checked out a bridal bouquet in shades of pale pink.
But the wedding planning didn’t end there. A day after scoping out blooms, Lowe Tweeted that he and Giudici, 27, to whom he proposed in Thailand on The Bachelor finale earlier this year, were off to Bloomingdale's to register.
For Lowe, who's sticking to his traditional values and abstaining from sex with Giudici until they're married, their wedding day can't come soon enough.
"I'm a guy," he told PEOPLE in March. "If it were up to me, I'd go to the courthouse tomorrow and it would be a done deal!"advertisement
Internist, Hematology Specialist, Oncology Specialist (cancer)
7 years of experience
Accepting new patients
7 years of experience
Accepting new patients
4513 Westbank Expy
Marrero, LA 70072 Phone number & directions Udhrain:
View the full profile to get information on:
- Qualifications
- What's important to you
View full profile
Patient Reviews
Have you visited Dr. Udhrain? Share your experience.
Write a Review
Write a Review
Specialties & Research
Dr. Ashish Udhrain, MD is board certified in Internal Medicine, Hematology, and Medical Oncology.
- He has special expertise in 12 areas:
- Acute Myeloid Leukemia
- Anemia
-. Udhrain graduated from Ross University, Edison.
Affiliations
Dr. Udhrain has 1 hospital affiliations:
- Saint Francis Hospital Of Evanston
Languages
- Hindi
advertisement
Home > Find an Internist > LA > Marrero Internists > Dr. Ashish Udhrain, MD
Similar doctors nearby
Dr. Vijay Patel
Internal Medicine
7 years experience
Marrero, LA
Dr. Mark Workman
Internal Medicine
35 years experience
Marrero, LA
Dr. Judy Kang
Internal Medicine
14 years experience
Marrero, LA
Dr. Thomas Grimstad
Internal Medicine
38 years experience
Marrero, LA
Dr. Shantiprakash Kedia
Internal Medicine
37 years experience
Marrero, LA
Dr. David Beary
Internal Medicine
27 years experience
Marrero, LA
- Additional Information
- Dr. Ashish Udhrain MD is a male Internist, has 7 years of experience and practices in Internal Medicine, Hematology, and Medical Oncology.
- Where does Dr. Ashish Udhrain practice?
- Dr. Ashish Udhrain has 2 office locations.
- Dr. Ashish Udhrain practices Internal Medicine, Hematology, and Medical Oncology near Marrero, LA.
Additional practice locations include: Skokie, IL.
See Marrero Internists, Marrero Hematologists, and Marrero Oncologists.Jailbreak Tuesday: VoiceKeys tweak
Voice control on the iPhone is powerful but it has its limits. For instance you can’t speak and have it converted to text. However, thanks to the jailbreak tweak called VoiceKeys, you are now able to have true voice-to-text recognition on your iPhone!
VoiceKeys provides a speech-to-text feature that can be used anytime you want to enter text. All you have to do is tap the text area as if you were going to bring up the cut/copy/paste menu, but with this tweak installed, when your action menu appears you will see a “VoiceKeys” option. The moment you press the VoiceKeys button, your voice recognition begins . Once you’re done speaking, simply press recognize and your words appear onscreen.
The two negatives I have found with the VoiceKeys tweak is that in order to start speech-to-text you must use the action menu. I believe a button on the keyboard would be much more enjoyable and accessible. Also, VoiceKeys’ actual recognition of words and numbers is fairly accurate when the user speaks slow and clear, but it will often produce errors if speech is too fast or unclear. Overall, VoiceKeys is good, but could be better.
One funny thing I found is that if you use any type of profanity it will not display the text rather it will display “####”.
Check out the full video review below to see this tweak in action:Ramset New Zealand
23-29 Poland Road, Glenfield, North Shore City, Auckland
Physical address
Ramset offers a huge range of Power Tools, Mechanical & Chemical Anchor Systems and Diamond Cutting & Grinding Tools.
No reviews yet. Be the the 1st to review.
Review Ramset New Zealand
Sep.
Alongside this release, Google is making another surprising launch of its next addition to the Android series of operating systems. Yes we will soon be seeing the 4.4 KitKat and so far no details have been unveiled regarding the newest version of the Google operating system. With a completely new name, no one can be sure of what to expect out of it. For some, the new name is indicating towards a major adjustment and change in the OS while some are still of the view that it might just be another version of the 4.3 with a few new kicks.
Source: NextPowerUp | News Archive-  exterior accessories that can be used to revise and revitalize a ride’s look. After years of usage, the exterior parts on many vehicles begins to look old and ugly. Any damage to a vehicle’s paint job or to the exterior components themselves can depreciate a automobile's market value, making the use of body kit is just that important. A bodykit can change a ride look better, without ever replacing any of the actual mechanics of the ride.
Some aftermarket Volvo V60 body kits products come with replacements for several components, front & back bumpers and side add ons. These are the places of a vehicle that are often damaged from daily driving, but they alone aren’t the only parts that could be easily fixed. Other aftermarket body parts can be used to customize a car’s appearance, so Volvo V60 body kits can often be tailored to a driver’s specific needs. For an enhanced look that takes off the outdated looks resulting from years of usage, a simple body kits can make you smile.Any views expressed in this article are those of the author and not of Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Alert
Mali
Conflict and Displacement in Mali
Geneva, 25 January 2013
1. Brief description of the emergency and impact. Most organizations working on relief and development (including ACT Alliance members) had to abandon, at least temporarily, their operations in the north; later they resumed assistance in a restricted way to people that had moved southwards.
On 11 January 2013, France launched a military intervention to assist Malian government forces to fight off the Islamist groups after they moved south and seized the town of Konna, as well as to stop their southward advance. The French have continued the air strikes, extending the campaign to Diabali, Lere, Gao and Douentza; as well as preventing their advance southward.
2. Why is an ACT response needed?
The hostilities are creating large-scale displacement. As of 14 January 2013, the Commission Mouvement des Populations reported that an estimated 228,918 people had been internally displaced. This figure demonstrates an approximately 15.2% increase over the Commission’s last number on internally displaced people of 198,558 in November 2012. Nearly 375,000 Malians fled the conflict in the north in 2012. Over 145,000, the majority of them women and children, sought refuge in poor areas of neighbouring Burkina Faso, Mauritania and Niger. More continue to come since the fighting escalated in January 2013. Refugees are living among populations that are themselves struggling to get by in the face of poverty, food insecurity and limited access to basic social services. Impoverished host communities, still recovering from a region-wide food crisis in 2012, now have to share already scarce food and water. At some sites across the borders, refugees outnumber the host population. In Mali itself, most of the estimated 229,000 people considered internally displaced are living in extremely overcrowded, difficult conditions in urban centres or rented houses, relying primarily on relatives for support. Men, women and children who remain in northern Mali are exposed to violence and serious violations of their human rights, and have limited access to humanitarian assistance. The humanitarian response has met some, but far from all, of the displaced people’s vital needs. Water, food, shelter and medical care are needed immediately.
3. National and international response
On 10 January 2013, the day the Islamists captured Konna, Mali’s Interim President Dioncounda Traore requested military assistance from France to enable Malian forces to confront the rebels. On the same day, the United Nations called for the rapid deployment of the African-led International Support Mission in Mali (AFISMA), which has been mandated to assist state forces to retake the north. On 11 January, President Traore declared a state of emergency in the whole of Mali for an initial period of 10 days, which was later extended to three months. Also on 11 January, the President of Cote d’Ivoire and head of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), Alassane Ouattara, authorised the immediate deployment of ECOWAS troops to assist Malian government forces in defending the country’s territorial integrity.
With few prospects for peace in Mali in the short term, the presence of internally displaced people and refugees in neighbouring countries is likely to be protracted. Supporting refugees’ long-term livelihoods to increase their self-reliance and reduce the pressure on host populations is critical.
4. ACT Alliance response
With the support of the ACT security coordinator, the ACT Forum in Mali has developed a security plan for the forum enabling members to take quick and adequate actions in turbulent times. As foreseen in the plan, the ACT members had already several meetings in Mali to address staff safety and security issues. Members of the ACT forum in Mali are ICCO & Kerk in Actie, Christian Aid, Norwegian Church Aid, Diakonia Sweden and Lutheran World Relief. Most programmes of these members have been disrupted and shifted to respond to the immediate needs of the conflict affected people. Since August 2012, ACT Mali members proposed an emergency plan jointly with other NGOs through the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNOCHA), which was poorly funded. The ACT members’ long-term work in Mali involves:
- rebuilding trust between communities;
- encouraging more inclusive politics and equitable development across the country; and
- ensuring effective participation in peace-building and reconciliation processes, which includes women, refugees and marginalised communities.
5. Planned activities
The immediate humanitarian response activities will be coordinated with local authorities, NGOs and UNOCHA. The Forum in Mali is planning to provide support to 50,000 internally displaced people made up of displaced families, school children and malnourished children living with host families. An estimated amount of 1.2 million Euro will be needed and a preliminary appeal will be sent to the ACT secretariat by the end of January.
-----------------------------------
Any funding indication or pledge should be communicated to Jean-Daniel Birmele, ACTWAYLAND SCHOOL COMMUNITY PROGRAMS
The Wayland School Community Programs office is located in the Loker School, 47 Loker Street, Wayland, MA.
Main WSCP Office
Loker School
47 Loker Street
Wayland, MA 01778
Kathy Hodge
Accounts Coordinator
508-655-6405
Connie Burgess
Communications Coordinator
508-655-6406
Julie Potter
Pegasus Coordinator
Julie_Potter@wayland.k12.ma.us
508-655-8146
You may also email: tcwparentorg@gmail.com.
ABOUT WSCP
Are you looking for school vacation week programming? WSCP offers a February and an April Vacation Week program with flexible scheduling. A calendar listing the daily schedule is distributed in advance through each school, and children may enroll for one, two, three, or four days.
The programs are held at Loker School and are for children in Kindergarten through Grade Five. Each day offers a mix of free play and scheduled activity periods for cooking, science, arts and crafts, active games, music, and more. Children also enjoy special events daily. A typical week might include field trips for mini-golf, bowling, or roller skating and/or make-your-own-pottery or a drama workshop.
Information is distributed through the schools, or you may call WSCP at 508-655-6403.
Grades 1 - 4 After-School. To ensure a spot for your child, please enroll as soon as possible. We always maintain a wait list and notify families when openings are available. There is a two-day minimum, and no drop-ins are allowed in the after-school programs.
Wayland Middle School (Grades 5-8) After-School. The program offers sports and games, arts and crafts, community service, cooking, walking trips in Cochituate (weather permitting) and scheduled homework time. Fifth graders attend the BASE middle school program; a Wayland Public School bus provides transportation. There is a two-day minimum.
For enrollment information in BASE programs, call WSCP
at 508-655-6403.
CHILDREN'S CHORUS
FOR GRADES 1- 4 CHILDREN
Loker SchoolIt’s going be some doggone days of summer.
Boy Scouts everywhere will no longer be able to partake in the summer childhood pastime of squirt guns and water balloon fights.
A blog post by Bryan Wendall, an Eagle Scout and editor at various Scouting publications, reminded Scout leaders that new policies now prohibit the use of water guns and water balloons.
The ban is detailed inside the “2015 Boy Scouts of America National Shooting Sports Manual,” which regards water guns as firearms.
via Boy Scouts ban water-gun fights | New York Post.
Firearms safety is all well and good, but this is obviously a case of taking a good idea to its illogical extreme.
Of course, I don’t really know how rampant watergun fights were in the Boy Scouts in recent years. But I do know they’d have been aghast is the water fights we had in Sea Scouts (a division of the BSA).
The SES Whidby didn’t have any squirt guns. What it did have was four 1-1/2″ fire hoses, and the big old Hercules diesel fire pump.
Whenever we found ourselves cruising in company with another Scout ship, we would have a good natured water fight. And by good natured, I mean you could knock a man off his feet at about 100 feet with one hose.
And if you made the mistake of towing your ships rowboat behind you, we’d flood that thing in a heartbeat.Courtesy of EarthSky
A Clear Voice for Science
Visit EarthSky at
Algol – perhaps the most famous variable star in all the heavens – will be dimmest tonight at 8:29 p.m. Mountain Standard Time. Even at its dimmest, Algol is still bright enough to see with the eye.
Algol is what astronomers call an eclipsing binary star. In other words, the single point of light that we see as Algol is really two stars. Like clockwork, these two stars revolve around each other every 2.87 days. When the dimmer of these two stars moves in front of the brighter, Algol exhibits its minimum brightness.
That is why Algol is so famous. It is easy to watch – over the short span of a few days – as this star brightens and dims. The next minimum will fall on December 8, at 6:18 p.m. Central Time. To notice the change in Algol’s brightness, try contrasting it with a nearby star.
Algol is part of the constellation Perseus the Hero. The ancient Greeks saw Algol as the head of the Medusa, a frightful monster with a head full of snakes in place of hair. According to myth, anyone looking at the Medusa would turn into stone. It has even said that sea plants turned into coral when they happened to glance in the direction of the fearsome Medusa. In the myths, Perseus was able to kill Medusa as he viewed her reflection in a polished shield.
The name Algol means The Ghoul, and the star is sometimes called Demon Star. Early skywatchers likely noticed the variable brightness of Algol, associating the evil wink of this Demon Star with the baleful stare of the legendary Medusa.
How can you find Algol? Notice the easy-to-recognize M-shape of the constellation Cassiopeia shining high in your northern sky on December evenings. Then if you can star-hop from there to Algol, one of the sky’s most famous variable stars.
Written by Bruce McClure
Astronomy Picture of the Day from NASA/JPL
U.S. Naval Observator Astronomical Information center
The York County Astronomical Society
James S McDonnell Planetarium
')'."
Image: Sachin Tendulkar
Photographs: Andrew Biraj/Reuters
Bollywood stars shower praises on Sach.
Image: Sachin Tendulkar
Photographs: Andrew Biraj/Reuters
this
Comment
articleThe Art of Layering Amanda Lasicki on Saturday, 17 January 2009. Posted in Campus Safety, Institute Requirements, Rochester & Monroe County In case you are wondering how to survive all this cold we talk about...{youtube}yaPm6Lh74Os{/youtube} Tweet Comments (2) Emily Okey 17 January 2009 at 14:35 | # Haha, nice video. It's totally true though, layering keeps you so warm even when it's -11. I walked up to Park Point this morning with a billion layers on and got so hot that I had to take half of them off :) reply Michelle Bishop-Utano 17 January 2009 at 17:30 | # Great video! I especially appreciate the "Christmas Story" reference. reply Leave a comment You are commenting as guest. Optional login below.
Emily Okey
Michelle Bishop-UtanoThe Dark Knight Rises - Bane - Play Arts Kai (Sq...The Dark Knight Rises - Bane - Play Arts Kai (Square Enix)
JapaneseDetails
Buy
Partner shops approved by MFC - View more
Ixu's Deviance
Jungle
Figupan
Solaris Japan
OtakuRepublic
The Anime Corner Store
CDJapan
Hobby Search
anime-figuren.de
Releases
- Standard——
© DC Comics / Square Enix
View moreComments (15)
07 days ago
SolarisJapan
#2990870 // Sponsored by Solaris Jap...
In stock @ HobbyLink Japan Hlj.com (¥5,270)
Product page => (ext link)
Video Preview of the 2013 Play Arts Kai/Square Enix Lineup
MTV Geek Interview (Preview for Bane @ 3:00 )
02 years ago
Anime-Island
Available for pre-order @ Anime-Island
Yup I'm sold on this one. It's like Knightfall Bane's physique combined with Nolan Bane's design, certainly a different artistic rendition of the character which I don't mind at all.
02 years ago
MarshallDTeach
*muffled* I don't sleep so well Batman! I've got sleep apnea!
stupid mushmouth Bane and his stupid apnea mask.
...It's clear that I don't care for the movie version of Bane, right?
02 years ago
Terrorhunt
Wow...
The official photo made this figure looks slightly better than the con pics. Slightly.
Wow so much hate for this figure! I don't mind what Square Enix is doing here, hell they look nice if one was to look at them as different artistic renditions of the characters. Batman looks much better with the paint than when he was initially revealed (looks like they changed the size of the head so it looks in proportion.) And while Bane's musculature is somewhat exaggerated from Tom Hardy's actual build, it's not obscene enough to be a turn-off, rather it now looks like a combination of Knightfall Bane's musculature (original comic version) along with the movie's design.
If I want a realistic Bane I'd go for Hot Toys but since I've already pre-ordered that one, something a little bit different like this is great (not to mention they'd work well with the Arkham figures too.) Interesting thing to note is that PAK Bane happens to have the most accurate colors in comparison to other figures of Bane and that includes the Hot Toys version.
Arrrghh the joints....look....so...terrible.....must...get...away..from....arrrgh
How many joints did they put on him? Way too many! HoT Toys version ftw!
Shame that he's so HNNNGH beefy. That, and joints look bad (as typical for Play Arts Kai figures). I could have a nice Bane figure*. He's the best thing to come from the Nolan-verse, after all.
(* - not counting the ones that cost an arm and a leg and are awfully big, that is)
Community
- ziusudra42 (2 years ago)
- 0 user
- 0 user
- 0 user
- 3903
Related Clubs (3)
Alliance for Squar...
6 years ago
I Am The Night
3 years ago
DC Comics
2 years agoOrganizing and DIY Link party – Week 8_0<<_2<<
Today I linked to a household binder. Did you have any tips on this somewhere that I should include in the post? I’m new to your blog and haven’t seen any here…but doesn’t mean that you don’t have them! (I did focus on freebies and tips.)
Thanks Annette I’m not sure what tips you are meaning? Help me out. :)
i loved your ideals ,, the 4 of us moved from a 3 bedroom house to a 2 bedroom small or might i say tiny apartment , we short sold our house to keep from being foreclosed on , well every one said it would take years the Realtor every one said this so ,we were surprised when it sold in 3 weeks and they gave us 8 days to move, any way we have a 19 year old son a 16 year old daughter ,, so they got the 2 bedrooms , which left us with none so our tiny living room is ours , wide open bedroom , good thing we are in our 50′s lol , but we had 30 years of marriage and 16 years living in the house , we had moved before so that wasn’t so bad to clean out that time but after 16 years in same house the same one the kids lived their whole life in , we had stuff and more stuff , come to find out mostly junk lol but we really purged ..now i really really miss my books all 100 or so re read loved books ,and my blender , the kitchen is tiny so i got rid of it and my 2 sets of 1960s and 70′s retro looking dishes the whole 8 piece and severing dishes with creamers and sugar bowls ,, so silly to love something that isnt even alive ,…. now the rule is if you bring it home something has to go…. and we only have what we have to have , but it is so hard i had a huge kitchen with pantry and tons and tons of space so much so that the whole 2 door cabinet behind the trash can was empty… lol i didnt even know it was i thought stuff we never used was in there lol so i have to for go most buy one get one sells at plubix since i have no space and . i have to keep moving the crock pot and forman grill back and forth so i can get to them to use them , where i used to have them where they needed to be to cook ,now the oven gets used since i had to let go of the toaster oven , and hand chop things since the food processor went too . lol but i have really go every inch organized ,,i had too ,, every one has one extra sheet set which i do store the sheets inside the pillow case ,, i did it before too but we had lots of them and blankets and comforters , well i got a few space bags for those and we have only one each now , but we live in Florida so they rarely get used , a flannel sheet most time is what we use,, but i love the trick with basked you had i did it too but i didnt think it was cool it was just so i could find things but yours made me realize that it is cool …now if i could just stop saving those cute containers from soup and left overs from dinner out , thinking i could reuse them some how ,, i got no where to store them ,, i think i am a closet hoarder lol … so thanks for all your great ideals ,,( from bedroom less) till son realizes he needs to get full time work and save and move out and on with his life ..Understanding the Subtle Complexities of Global Warming
On August 8, 2007 there were 2.23 million square miles of ice in the Arctic.
By September 16th there were only 1.6 million square miles, a decline of 28% in only six weeks. This new level was far below the lowest low previously reached, which was 2.05 million square miles in 2005. How could such a huge change happen so quickly?
While most of us no longer question whether global warming is happening, few of us understand the intricate path it is likely to take as it unfolds. One of the most important and least understood aspects of this path is idea of the “feedback loop.”
This recent Op-ed piece from the New York Times, which Inkslinger posted about last week, does a wonderful job of explaining this idea. It’s something we all need to understand. If you haven’t had a chance to read it, I highly recommend taking a few moments to understand this crucial concept.Middle East cinemagoers bemoan lack of swearing in The Wolf of Wall Street
Martin Scorsese’s latest film The Wolf of Wall Street may have caused widespread controversy across much of the world for its depiction of white-collar debauchery and excessive swearing, but cinemagoers in the Middle East have admitted that they’re baffled by all the fuss.
“I went to see [The Wolf of Wall Street] this morning expecting to be absolutely horrified, but nothing.. not even a raised eyebrow,” said Shelina Mackie, a trainee yoga teacher in Abu Dhabi. “That stuff about orgies and drugs was obviously just a clever marketing ploy. It certainly fooled me.”
Khaldoon E. Chang, a retired baker in Dubai, said the promise of a record 506 uses of the word ‘fuck’ in the film was never met.
“There wasn’t even one! Every time DiCaprio opened his mouth and it felt like it was going to come out, there was just silence. Utter lies.”
Chang also admitted that, despite the rave reviews the film has received from critics, he felt The Wolf Of Wall Street was somewhat disjointed.
“I know Scorsese is supposed to be a cinema maestro, but to me the scenes just didn’t seem to flow together and it was sometimes quite jumpy and confusing,” he said.
“And all that talk about it being a three-hour epic was completely unjustified. I was in and out in under 40 minutes. To be honest, I think Marty has lost it.”
Exactly. The fuss had been totally exaggerated. It went so far that the release of sci-fi master piece “Schindler’s List” got totally unnoticed as the media gave all their attention to the Wolf of Wall Street. Luckily, the lack of success enabled OSN to have Spielberg’s brand new feature already broadcast in January.
Hahhahahhaha, nice!
Haha fantastic, another masterpiece manipulated for our viewing pleasure, cant wait to buy the 30 minute DVD here!!
Joke! 45 minutes lost of what looked like a great film
The movie was cut to death. More than 30 minutes are missing in the UAE version
I went to the Abu Dhabi Film Festival screening of ‘Deep Throat’: that’s 1 minute and 22 seconds I’ll never get back.
I only made it 30 seconds in…. Isn’t that normal?
Funny how they cut these kind of films but blood and guts hard core horror films are OK. Strange lot!
Especially in the shisha cafes and before school on Dubai 1.Polson News
Local news for Polson, MT continually updated from thousands of sources on the web.
Lake County man pleads guilty to killing wife
8 hrs ago | KXLY-TV Spokane | Comment?
Suspected drunk driver slams into school bus near Polson
Tuesday May 12 | WICU12 Erie | Comment?
2015 Spring Mack Days 7th Week
Thursday May 7 | Char-Koosta News | Comment?
Red Cross seeks blood donors in weeks leading up to summer
Thursday May 7 | Char-Koosta News | Comment?
Little libraries need caretakers
Thursday Apr 30 | Char-Koosta News | Comment?
Man pleads guilty to killing father-in-law
Thursday Apr 30 | KXLY-TV Spokane | Comment?
Talk
28 Famous Co-Stars Who Totally Hated Each Other
Civil Unrest In America
us news 252
Fracking: Progress or Poison?
Environment 261
Poles nearly lost during Spring Mack Days sixth weekend
Thursday Apr 30 | Char-Koosta News | Comment?
Updated: Thu May 21, 2015 07:14 pmAll-America (2) • 800 Free Relay - 2013 (4th), 2014 (3rd) Stanford Record Book • 200 Free - 1:44.76 (8th) Sophomore • 2013-14• Pac-12 All-Academic Second Team • Part of Stanford’s 800 free relay team that earned third place at the NCAA Championships • Set a career-best mark of 1:44.76 in the 200 free during the Pac-12 meet to place eighth • Finished 12th overall in the 500 free and 21st in the 100 free at the Pac-12 meet Freshman • 2012-13 • Helped Stanford’s 800 free relay team to a fourth-place finish (6:59.16) at the NCAA Championships to earn All-American status • Scored points in four events, including a fourth-place showing in the 200 free (1:45.53), at the Pac-12 Championships to help the Cardinal to its third conference title in the last four years • Produced season-best times in the 100 free and 200 free at Pac-12s • Had her top time of 4:43.32 in the 500 free at the Ohio State Invitational • Finished the 200 back in 2:11.85, a personal best, against Wisconsin • Swam top times in the 1,000 free (10:22.06) and 100 back (1:00.57) against San Jose State. Top Times • 100 Free - 49.61 (Feb. 27, 2013, Pac-12) • 200 Free - 1:44.76 (Feb. 26, 2014, Pac-12) • 500 Free - 4:43.32 (Nov. 30, 2012, Ohio State Invite) • 1,000 Free - 10:22.06 (Sept. 26, 2013, San Jose State) • 100 Back - 1:00.57 (Sept. 28, 2012, San Jose State) • 200 Back - 2:04.09 (Jan. 25, 2014, Arizona State)The Anderson File• Prepped at R.L. Paschal (Texas)• Two-time member of U.S. Junior National Team• Three-time Texas University Interscholastic League state champion in 200 free 2011• Texas University Interscholastic League state runner-up in 200 free• 2012 Texas University Interscholastic League state champion in 100 free• 2011 Texas University Interscholastic League state runner-up in 100 free• National Merit Scholar• Daughter of William and Randi AndersonMay the Speed Force Be With You: "The Flash" Finale's Greatest Moments
TV
If you weren’t fast, or lucky, enough to snag a badge for Comic-Con International within that glitched-filled 93-minute window in February, organizers are offering one last, and very slim, chance for you to go to the big show: a lottery.
Because of “the very limited number” of returned or canceled badges — no four-day but “several thousand” single-day passes, only 3,100 of which are for Saturday — aspiring attendees are asked to enter the Comic-Con Resale Drawing, which began Monday and will continue through 11 p.m. Wednesday. To participate, you must already have a Member ID; those who do should’ve already received an email detailing how to enter the lottery.
Those who have already purchased a four-day pass or a Saturday badge aren’t eligible for the drawing. Those selected to participate may purchase badges for an additional guest, as long as he or she has a confirmed Member ID (as of June 7) and hasn’t already bought a four-day pass or Saturday badge. Comic-Con will notify those selected to participate on or before June 17.
Comic-Con International will be held July 18-21 in San Diego.
2 Comments
Aaron B.
June 11, 2013 at 7:59 am
So… why do folks go to these things again? It all seems like a giant headache to me. I don’t live on the west coast and I don’t fall into any die-hard category of the Hollywood media that has now consumed Comic-Con, but I’m trying to understand the craziness… but… it’s hard.
karl
June 11, 2013 at 4:19 pm
Aaron – So people like to do different things than you? I agree, that is confusing….Warning:
The NCBI web site requires JavaScript to function.
more...
Generate a file for use with external citation management software.
The brains of individuals diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease (AD) are characterized by amyloid plaques, of which the major component is Abeta peptide. Excessive Cu and Fe ions binding to Abeta were suggested to have a deleterious effect on promoting both the aggregation of Abeta and the generation of reactive oxygen species (ROS). Other studies suggested that Abeta plays a protective role by acting as an antioxidant at nanomolar concentrations. The apparent confusion regarding the antioxidant and pro-oxidant properties of Abeta(40) encouraged us to explore the modulatory role of Abeta(40) at the molecular level under oxidative stress conditions. Here, we focused on Abeta(40) in the simplest oxidative system, namely, Cu(I)/Cu(II)/Fe(II)-H(2)O(2). Using ESR, we monitored the production of OH radicals in the above-mentioned systems in the presence of Abeta(40). We found that Abeta(40), either in its soluble or in its aggregated form, functioned as a remarkably potent antioxidant in Cu(I)/Fe(II)-catalyzed radical-producing systems and slightly less potently in the presence of Cu(II) with IC(50) values of 13-62 muM. Abeta(40) proved to be 3.8-6.5 and 15-42 times more potent than the soluble Abeta(28) and the potent antioxidant Trolox, respectively, in the Cu(I)/Fe(II)-H(2)O(2) systems. Time-dependent enhancement of ROS production by Abeta(40) occurs only at low concentrations of aggregated Abeta(40) and in the presence of Cu(II). On the basis of the extremely low IC(50) values of Abeta(40) and the extensive oxidative damage caused to Abeta(40) in Cu(I)/Fe(II)-H(2)O(2) systems, we propose that radical scavenging is the major mechanism of antioxidant activity of Abeta(40) in addition to metal ion chelation. In summary, Abeta(40), either soluble or aggregated, at either nanomolar or micromolar concentrations is a highly potent antioxidant in cell-free oxidative systems, acting mainly as a radical scavenger. Therefore, we propose that it is not the Abeta(40)-Cu(I)/Fe(II) complex per se that is responsible for the oxidative damage in AD.
National Center for
Biotechnology Information,
U.S. National Library of Medicine
8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda
MD, 20894
USANike co-founder and chairman Phil Knight and his wife, Penny Knight, have donated more than $1 billion of their fortune over the years to medical centers, athletic facilities, university buildings and other endeavors. $25 million for a new cardiovascular center at Providence St. Vincent Medical Center.
The University of Oregon, where Knight ran on the track team, worked four years at the school newspaper and graduated in 1959 with a bachelors degree in accounting, and Stanford University, where he earned an MBA, have been the chief recipients of the Knight's philanthropic giving. Medical research has been another.
Last September, the Knights dwarfed all of their previous gifts by announcing a $500 million challenge grant to Oregon Health & Science University's Knight Cancer Institute if the university could match the amount by February 2016. Through Tuesday, nearly $421 million in matching funds had been raised.
Other known Knight gifts, separated into medicine, education and athletics:
Medicine
2008: $100 million donated to Oregon Health & Science University to advance cancer research. In recognition of the gift, the institute was renamed the OHSU Knight Cancer Institute. The first $2 million of the gift named the Linda Conant Laboratory Suite, a key component of the Center for Cancer Cell Signaling in OHSU's Biomedical Research Building. Conant, who died of breast cancer in 2008, was a close friend of the Knight family.
2012: $125 million to benefit cardiovascular medicine and research at OHSU, establishing the OHSU Knight Cardiovascular Institute.
Education
1994: Helped pay for the $27 million renovation of the University of Oregon campus library, adding 132,000 square feet. The building was renamed the Knight Library. The library's website says $9.7 million was funded from private gifts and corporate and federal grants.
1996: The University of Oregon School of Law launched a $25 million building campaign, receiving a $10 million "naming gift" from Phil Knight. The William W. Knight Law Center, which sits across from Hayward Field, more than doubled the size of the law school's facilities. The facility is dedicated to Knight's father, a 1932 Oregon law school graduate and the former publisher of The Oregon Journal, Portland's defunct evening newspaper.
1996: Knight gives $15 million to create endowed chairs and professorships across campus. The University has 27 Knight Endowed Chairs and Professorships, which collectively receive over $325,000 in bonuses per year, according to The Daily Emerald, the student newspaper.
2006: Knight gives $105 million toward the $345 million, eight-building Knight Management Center at the Stanford Graduate School of Business, which was dedicated in 2011.
Athletics
2002: $30 million contributed toward the $90 million Autzen Stadium expansion that added 32 skyboxes and 12,000 seats (bring the total to 54,000 seats). Knight gave another $5 million last year to improve accessibility to the stadium.
2010: Knight pays for $41.7 million athlete tutoring center, The John E. Jaqua Academic Center for Student Athletes, named for the late UO alumnus and founding board member of Nike.
2011: Knight pledged $100 million to help repay the bonds for the construction of the 12,541-seat Matthew Knight Arena. State-backed bonds worth $200 million financed design and construction of the arena.
2013: With an announced price of $68 million, Phit LLC, a private construction group financed by Knight, paid to build the 145,000-square-foot Hatfield-Dowlin Complex to serve the University's football team. The building is named in honor of Phil Knight's mother, Lota Hatfield, and Penny Knight's mother, Dorothie Dowlin.
-- Allan BrettmanEconomist boosts profits after online subscription surge
Magazine's publisher announces 6 per cent increase in profits as subcriptions top 100,000.
Magazine's publisher announces 6 per cent increase in profits as subcriptions top 100,000.
by Mark Jenner Published
The publisher of the Economist has announced a 6 per cent increase in operating profits, due largely to a surge in advertising revenue associated with a growth in digital subscriptions. The news will likely please other publishers as the sector as a whole looks for new methods to increase profits in a time of dwindling readership and lack of growth.
The Economist Group is part owned by Pearson, publisher of the Financial Times, which holds a 50 per cent stake. In addition to the increase in digital-only subscriptions, growth in print subscriptions helped push circulation figures up by 3 per cent in the first half of 2011. As a result, the combined advertising revenue from print and digital subscriptions grew by 12 per cent.
The economic turbulence in the Eurozone and the continued threat of a second global economic recession will have done little to harm readership of the publication. John Micklethwait, editor-in-chief since 2006, explained the growth by explaining that continued technological advances particularly in relation to the proliferation of tablet computers and e-readers, helped the publication to "play to its strengths."
As well as the rise in digital only subscriptions the publisher last November launched a mobile subscription service with apps for Apple devices. The Economist has said that its app has had 3 million downloads so far.
"We are discovering great opportunities in digital," said Andrew Rashbass, chief executive of Economist Group. "For us, as for many publishers, digital is not a zero-sum game."
The company has also reported that unique visitors to the Economist website are up to 7 million, representing a 45 per cent year on year increase.NEW PROSPECT:Here's how I'm making extra money protecting preciousmemories from hard disk crashs, stolen computers, fires,floods, viruses and accidentally deleted files.
Get paid to back-up your computer files.....Would Carbonite do that?
I've found a way to make extra money protecting importantbusiness information & precious memories from hard diskcrashs, stolen computers, fires, floods, viruses andaccidentally deleted files.
You get Unlimited Data Backup with Cloud Computing on yourPC, Mac & that includes External USB Hard Drives. It's fullyencrypted and works for you completely in the background.
Peace of Mind for just 5-bucks/month per computer. WOW!Click the link to find out more...
Recorded Conference Call: 559-726-1299, pin 604221#Go to The Cloud...
Have a great day ahead,Roland Hubinette
P.S. Backing Up Your iPhone or Android coming very soon!Period:
- Vendor: Chadwyck-Healey (ProQuest Company)
- Coverage: Humanities and social sciences
- Restrictions: Terms and ConditionsThis weekend, the highly anticipated TomorrowWorld festival will make its way to Chattahoochee Hills, Georgia. Situated just southwest of Atlanta, the massive electronic music event will be a unique addition to an area that’s generally synonymous with hip-hop culture and a home to a large number of America’s strip clubs.
Highlighted through songs such as 2 Chainz’s “I Luv Dem Strippers” and “Bandz a Make Her Dance” produced by Atlanta local Mike Will Made It, we figured, what better way to welcome the EDM producers of the world to the South than to test them on their knowledge of the strip club scene in ATL with “Strip Club Trivia.”
Using the MTV News brain trust, we came up with some of the most absurd fake strip club names that we could and mixed them up with actual Atlanta clubs see if the artists could figure out which ones were phony. The game consisted of four rounds per artist, who played solely for dignity, respect and street cred. Let’s see how well you do. Which of the below names are fake?
Italian DJ/Producer Crookers emerged victorious with the only perfect score. Through this exercise we also learned that Martin Solveig loves twerking (a lot) and that Afrojack is a “25-year-old virgin.” How’d you score?
Editor’s note: Some of the fake clubs that did not make the list were No Hands , the South Pole, Gummybears. MacDonald’s, The Fanny Farm, Pharaoh Twerkhamun’s Pyramid and Assquakes.
Be sure to follow all of our TomorrowWorld coverage this weekend on mtvnews.com.
Custom® Building Products, a Quikrete company, is a great place to work because we are the leader in the tile and stone installation tools and materials industry - we have the best brands, innovative products, strong customer and supplier partnerships, outstanding corporate leadership, and talented employees along with growth and stability. Custom is headquartered in Huntington Beach, California and operates twelve manufacturing and distribution facilities in North America. Our facilities are located close to major metropolitan areas such as Atlanta, Dallas, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Miami, Philadelphia and Indianapolis, as well as northern and central California and Canada. We are a well recognized and growing company that offers competitive salaries and benefits in a collaborative, progressive and team-oriented environment. Our compensation and benefit package includes: competitive base pay, medical, dental and vision coverage, basic life and personal loss insurance, supplemental life insurance, 401k retirement plan with profit sharing match in the U.S., a registered retirement pension plan in Canada, continuing training, education and ongoing professional development, including recognition and award programs, paid vacations, holidays and sick leave., including salary histories,
Maintenance Mechanic - Nationwide
Driver - Nationwide
Customer Support 800-272-8786
Technical Services 800-282-8786
© 2015 Custom Building Products. All Rights
Reserved.Social service agencies and our local government offer resources for resettled refugees and immigrants. Download the Resource List, compiled by USCRI Detroit, to find more information about utility assistance, health clinics, clothing resources, and employment services in the area. >>Brett Ratner’s official site has provided hi-res shots of the new X-Men: The Last Stand banners that are popping up everywhere. You can view those here, here and here. As we reported earlier today, three more TV spots are airing on TV, and thanks to ‘John’, here are three links to lo-res versions of them at YouTube. Watch them here, here and here. Source: Caliph, JohnHalloween special: The vampire slayer goes green
"Halloween special: The vampire slayer goes green"
Buffy is back in Climate Progress. I’ll take any excuse!
Turns out former Buffy star Sarah Michelle Gellar is green, or at least green-tinged, like those monsters she used to fight.
She brings her own reusable bag to Whole Foods. Why? “So I get a discount.” Okay so the millionaire actress is
cheap frugal. You got a problem with that?
She also rides a bike, to the annoyance of her neighbors:
“Not only is it bright pink with the bell and streamers and the whole thing, but it has Hello Kitty tires. Every time I leave my apartment, my doorman just shakes his head.”
Interestingly, some of the demons on Buffy spin-off Angel were also green, figuratively speaking. For the sake of its vampire employees, the Los Angeles offices of Wolfram & Hart employ “Necro-tempered” tinted glass, which “filters out the constituents of sunlight that are dangerous to vampires while leaving the brightness in tact. Plus it’s thirty percent more energy efficient“!
And you thought TV was a vast wasteland.
Not only is it bright pink with the bell and streamers and the whole thing,I can see that you are an expert at your field! I am launching a website soon, and your information will be very useful for me.. Thanks for all your help and wishing you all the success in your business.451WHITEPAPER
* These fields are required.
Marketing to Moms: The Chief Household Office
If you’re missing out on the mom market, you’re overlooking one of the most coveted marketing demographics – here’s why:
- There are more than 85.4 million mothers in the US today
- Women make 85% of household purchasing decisions
- Last year, American moms spent $2.5 trillion
Learn more about moms, the “Chief Household Officers,” along with our top tips for marketing to them in this free 451 Marketing Whitepaper.SB142
AN ACT relating to retirement.
Amend KRS 61.595 to increase the retirement factor for Kentucky Employees Retirement System members from 1.97% to 2.0%, except that for KERS members with 20 or more years of service credit who retire between August 1, 1998, and July 31, 2013, the factor shall be 2.2%.
SB 142 - AMENDMENTS
Jan 14-introduced in Senate
Jan 15-to State and Local Government (S)
Feb 5-reported favorably, 1st reading, to Calendar with Committee Substitute
Feb 6-2nd reading, to Rules
Feb 10-recommitted to Appropriations and Revenue (S)
Feb 19-reported favorably, to Rules with Committee Substitute (2)
Feb 20-posted for passage in the Regular Orders of the Day for February 23, 1998
Feb 23-3rd reading, Committee Substitute (1) withdrawn; passed 32-2 with Committee Substitute (2)
Feb 24-received in House
Feb 25-to State Government (H)
Mar 2-posted in committee
Mar 10-reported favorably, 1st reading, to Calendar
Mar 11-2nd reading, to Rules
Mar 12-posted for passage in the Regular Orders of the Day for March 13, 1998
Mar 18-3rd reading, passed 93-0; received in Senate
Mar 19-enrolled, signed by each presiding officer, delivered to Governor
Mar 26-signed by Governor
Kentucky Legislature Home Page | Record Front Page.
[ Get.
Now, Sun, which was founded in 1982, might go away via the acquisition route similar to other once-promising technology companies such as BEA Systems, Siebel Systems, PeopleSoft, and Tandem. The list of acquired technology companies certainly is a long one.
How Sun got to this point can be debated. Undoubtedly, many factors come into play. But it seems clear that to an extent, a company that has billed itself as the flyer of the open systems flag has been hit hard by anchoring itself to technologies now viewed as proprietary. Or, they are at least viewed as Sun-dominated technologies even if others can use them.
While also offering systems running AMD or Intel chips, Sun's bread-and-butter chip platform has been SPARC RISC. Meanwhile, Intel has established itself as the de facto chip architecture of sorts, supported by software platforms such as Microsoft Windows and PC giant Dell. (For those of you who don't remember what RISC stands for, and it's been a while since it mattered much, it’s Reduced Instruction Set Computer.)
On the OS side, Sun has always been a Unix vendor. But like the ice man at the advent of the refrigerator, Sun cast its lots on Solaris in the early 1990s, and afterward Linux grew and grew.
A criticism Sun has endured was that it has been unable to make money from the Java technology it invented. A Sun official recently told me, though, that Java revenues have gone up since the November 2006 move to offer Sun's Java implementation via open source.
(Sun's focus on open sourcing its software has caused consternation, with a former vice president saying in 2007 that it was one reason he left the company. The official, Larry Singer, felt the company should have been more focused on generating revenues.)
Also a problem for Sun, as CEO Jonathan Schwartz acknowledged in a recent blog, is customers who are themselves struggling. "I am routinely talking to customers now partially owned by governments, whose share prices have declined 95 percent or more, whose balance sheets and basic business models are under extraordinary duress. Like every business, our health is a derivative of our customers', and to that end, we've got our challenges -- sure, innovation loves a crisis, but only after customers have stepped out from under their desks," Schwartz wrote.
Meanwhile, Sun keeps plugging away as if we're not supposed to notice the Sun-IBM reports. The company recently made its splash into the cloud computing space and is promoting Solaris for Intel's Nehalem chip.
The next chapter in this saga will be actually reporting on what happens with Sun and what kind of independence, if any, IBM will let Sun maintain. Or, this whole drama could end up with nothing happening at all.
We'll just have to stay tuned.Revolving Door Newsletter: 12.18.12
Promotions at Politico; Layoffs Postponed at The Washington TimesDecember 18, 2012
Politico makes a host of post-Election promotions. Marty Kady leaves his position as congressional editor for a spot as deputy managing editor of Politico and editor of Politico Pro. He replaces Tim Grieve, who moves further up the masthead. White House editor Rachel Smolkin jumps to deputy managing editor of the publication, while Rachel Van Dongen replaces Kady on the Congress beat. Dan Berman will serve as Van Dongen's deputy with Isaac Dovere taking over for Smolkin at the White House. He had been deputy!Read AIC Malaysia text version
AIC
PHONE: 6-03-8871 4000 TELEX : PENAWA MA 30128 FAX : 6-03-8871 4290 AFTN : WMKKYAYS COMM : AIRCIVIL KUALA LUMPUR
MALAYSIA
AERONAUTICAL INFORMATION SERVICE DEPARTMENT OF CIVIL AVIATION LEVEL 1-4, PODIUM BLOCK, LOT 4G4, PRECINT 4 FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ADMINISTRATIVE CENTRE, 62570 PUTRAJAYA MALAYSIA
17 / 2005 21 JUL
AIR OPERATOR CERTIFICATION AND SUPERVISION 1. 1.1 INTRODUCTION This AIC is issued in the exercise of the power conferred under section 24O of the Civil Aviation Act 1969. Pursuant to Regulation 24 Civil Aviation Regulations 1996 (CAR 1996) the following are the requirements for Air Operator certification and supervision: (a) An operator shall not operate an aircraft for the purpose of public transport otherwise unless, and in accordance with, the terms and conditions of an Air Operator Certificate (AOC). An applicant for an AOC, or variation of an AOC, shall allow the DCA to examine all safety aspects of the proposed operation. An applicant for an AOC must: (1) Hold an Air Service License (ASL) or Air Service Permit (ASP) issued by the Ministry of Transport; Has his principal place of business and, the registered office located in Malaysia; Has registered the aircraft which are to be operated under the AOC in Malaysia; and Satisfy the DCA that he is able to conduct safe operations.
1.2
(b)
(c)
(2)
(3)
(4) 2. 2.1
REQUIREMENTS Air Operator Certificate - General
2.1.1 Notwithstanding sub-paragraph 1.2 (c) (3) above, an operator may operate, with written consent from the DCA, aircraft registered in foreign country under a lease agreement accepted by the DCA. 2.1.2 An operator shall grant the DCA access to his organisation and aircraft and shall ensure that, with respect to maintenance, access is granted to any associated maintenance organisation, to determine continued compliance with CAR 1996 and any associated requirements and procedures. 1
2.1.3 An AOC will be varied, suspended or revoked if the DCA is no longer satisfied that the operator can maintain safe operations. 2.1.4 An AOC is not transferable. 2.1.5 The operator must satisfy the DCA that; (a) Its organisation and management are suitable and properly matched to the scale and scope of the operation; and Procedures for the supervision of operations have been defined. Employs adequate and suitably qualified personnel to conduct safe operations.
(b) (c)
2.1.6 The operator must have nominated an Accountable Manager acceptable to the DCA who has corporate authority for ensuring that all operations and maintenance activities can be financed and carried out to the standard required by the DCA and any other requirements defined by the operator. 2.1.7 The operator must have nominated post holders, acceptable to the DCA, who are responsible for the management and supervision of the following areas: (a) (b) (c) (d) Flight operations; The Engineering Maintenance systems; Crew training; and Others (as required)
2.1.8 A person may hold more than one of the nominated posts if acceptable to the DCA but for an operator who operates 2 aircraft or less, a minimum of two persons are required to cover the areas of responsibility specified in paragraph 2.1.7 above. 2.1.9 The operator must ensure that every flight is conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Operations Manual. 2.1.10 The operator must arrange appropriate ground handling facilities to ensure the safe handling of its flights. 2.1.11 The operator must ensure that its aircraft are equipped in accordance with CAR 1996 and its crews and other associated personnel are trained and qualified, as required for the area and type of operations. 2.1.12 The operator must comply with the maintenance requirements, in accordance with DCA AN 70 (for aircraft whose maximum take-off weight (MTOW) of 5700 kg or more or AN 68 (for aircraft whose MTOW is 5700 kg and less), for all aircraft operated under the terms of its AOC. 2.1.13 The operator must provide the DCA with a copy of the Operations Manual, as specified in Regulation 47 CAR 1996. 2
2.1.14 The operator must maintain operational support facilities at the main operating base, appropriate for the area and type of operation. 2.1.15 The operator shall make available to each member of his operating staff an approved up to date Operations Manual. 2.2 Issue, variation and continued validity of an AOC
2.2.1 An operator will not be granted an AOC, or a variation to an AOC and that AOC will not remain valid unless: (a) (b) (c) Operate within the terms and condition specified in the ASL / ASP; Aircraft operated have a valid Certificate of Airworthiness, The maintenance system has been approved by the DCA in accordance with DCA AN 70 or AN 68; and Has satisfied the DCA that he has the ability to: (1) (2) Establish and maintain an adequate organisation; Establish maintenance system and procedures in accordance with AN 70 or AN 68, as appropriate. Comply with maintenance requirements, consistent with the nature and extent of the operations Comply with required training programmes; Comply with term and conditions of the AOC.
(d)
(3)
(4) (5)
2.2.2 If the DCA is not satisfied that the requirements of subparagraph 2.2.1 above have been met, the DCA may require the conduct of one or more demonstration flights, operated as if they were public transport flights. 2.3 Administrative requirements
2.3.1 An operator shall ensure that the following information is included in the initial application for an AOC and, when applicable, any variation or renewal applied for: (a) The official name and business name, address and mailing address of the applicant; A description of the proposed operations; A description of the management organisation; The name of the Accountable Manager; The names of major post holders, including those responsible for flight operations, the engineering maintenance system, crew training and 3
(b) (c) (d) (e)
others (as required) together with their qualifications and experience; and (f) The Operations Manual.
2.3.2 In respect of the operator's engineering maintenance system only, the following information must be included in the initial application for an AOC and, when applicable, any variation or renewal applied for, and for each aircraft type to be operated; (a) (b) (c) (d) The Operator's Maintenance Management Manual; The operator's aircraft maintenance programme(s)/ schedules ); The Aircraft Technical Log; Definition of responsibilities and where appropriate, the technical specification(s) of the maintenance contract(s) between the operator and any DCA approved maintenance organisation; The type and number of aircraft.
(e)
2.3.3 The application for an initial issue of an AOC must be submitted at least 90 days before the date of intended operation except that the Operations Manual may be submitted later but not less than 60 days before the date of intended operations. 2.3.4 The application for the variation of an AOC must be submitted at least 30 days, or as otherwise agreed, before the date of intended operations. 2.3.5 The application for the renewal of an AOC must be submitted at least 30 days, or as otherwise agreed, before the end of the existing period of validity. 2.3.6 Other than in exceptional circumstances, the DCA must be given at least 10 days prior notice of a proposed change of a nominated post holder. 2.4 Contents and conditions of the Air Operator Certificate:
2.4.1 Operation Specifications forms part of an AOC. 2.4.2 The AOC specifies the following: (a) (b) (c) (d) Certificate Number Name and location (principal place of business) of the operator; Date of issue and period of validity; Description of the type of operations authorised;
4
2.4.3 The Operation Specifications specify the following: Part A- GENERAL (a) (b) Type(s) of aircraft authorised for use; Registration markings of the authorised aircraft;
Part B- ENROUTE AUTHORIZATIONS AND LIMITATIONS (a) (b) (c) Authorised areas of operation; Special limitations; and Special authorisations/approvals: (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) CAT II/CAT III (including approved minima). Minimum Navigation Performance Specification (MNPS). Extended Twin-Engine Operations (ETOPS). Area Navigation (RNAV). Reduced Vertical Separation Minimum (RVSM). Required Navigation Performance (RNP).
Part C AERODROME AUTHORIZATIONS AND LIMITATIONS Part D MAINTENANCE (a) Aircraft and Component Inspection, checks and overhaul time limits. Reliability Program. Concession. Part Pooled Authorization. Part Borrowing Authorization. Ferry Flight Authorization.
(b) (c) (d) (e) (f)
Part E MASS AND BALANCE (a) (b) Mass and balance Control. Aircraft Weighing.
Part F INTERCHANGE OF EQUIPMENT OPERATIONS 5
Part G AIRCRAFT LEASING OPERATIONS 2.5 Transportation of Dangerous Goods. A specific certificate will be issued to operator who qualifies. 2.6 The management and organisation of an AOC holder.
2.6.1 General 2.6.1.1An operator must have a sound and effective management structure in order to ensure the safe conduct of air operations. Nominated post holders must have proven competency in civil aviation together with appropriate technical/operational qualifications in aviation. 2.6.2 "Competency". "Competency" means that an individual must have a technical qualification and managerial experience acceptable to the DCA, as appropriate. 2.6.3 Nominated post holders (a) A description of the functions and the responsibilities of the nominated post holders, including their names, must be contained in the Operations Manual and the DCA must be given notice in writing of any intended or actual change in appointments or functions. The operator must make arrangements to ensure continuity of supervision in the absence of nominated post holders. A person nominated as a post holder by the holder of an AOC must not be nominated as a post holder by the holder of any other AOC, unless acceptable to the DCA. Persons nominated as post holders must be employed full time to fulfil the management functions associated with the scale and scope of the operation.
(b)
(c)
(d)
2.6.4 Adequacy and supervision of staff 2.6.4.1 2.6.4.1.1 Crew members. The operator must employ sufficient flight and cabin crew for the planned operations, trained and checked in accordance with CAR 1996 and any additional requirements defined by the operator. Ground Staff The number of ground staff is dependent upon the nature and the scale of operations. Operations and ground handling departments, in particular, must be staffed by trained personnel who have a thorough understanding of their responsibilities within the organisation.
2.6.4.2 2.6.4.2.1
6
2.6.4.2.2
An operator contracting other organisations to provide certain services retains responsibility for the maintenance of proper standards. In such circumstances, a nominated post holder must be given the task of ensuring that any contractor employed meets the required standards. Supervision The number of supervisors to be appointed is dependent upon the structure of the operator and the number of staff employed. The duties and responsibilities of these supervisors must be defined, and any commitments arranged so that they can discharge their supervisory responsibilities. The supervision of crew members and ground staff must be exercised by individuals possessing experience and personal qualities sufficient to ensure the attainment of the standards specified in the Operations Manual and associated manual.
2.6.4.3 2.6.4.3.1
2.6.4.3.2
2.6.4.3.3
2.6.5 Function and Purpose 2.6.5.1The safe conduct of air operations is achieved by an operator and DCA working in harmony towards a common aim. The functions of the two bodies are different, well defined, but complementary. In essence, the operator complies with the standards set through putting in place a sound and competent management structure. The DCA working within a framework of law (statues) sets and monitors the standards expected from operator. 2.6.6 Responsibilities of Management 2.6.6.1The responsibilities of management of AOC operator should include at least the following five main functions: (a) (b) Determination of the operator's flight safety and maintenance policy; Allocation of responsibilities and duties and issuing instructions to individuals, sufficient for implementation of company policy and the maintenance of safety standards; Monitoring of flight safety and maintenance standards; Recording and analysis of any deviations from company standards and ensuring corrective action; Evaluating the safety record of the company in order to avoid the development of undesirable trends.
(c) (d)
(e)
2.7
Accommodation facilities
2.7.1 An operator must ensure that working space available at each operating base is sufficient for personnel pertaining to the safety of flight operations and maintenance operations. Consideration must be given to the needs of ground 7
staff, those concerned with operational control, the storage and display of essential records, and flight planning by crews. 2.7.2 Office services must be capable, without delay, of distributing operational instructions and other information to all concerned. 2.8 Documentation
2.8.1 The operator must make arrangements for the production of manuals, amendments and other documentation. 2.9 Principal place of business
2.9.1 DCA requires an operator to have his principal place of business located in Malaysia. 2.9.2 The term `principal place of business' is interpreted as meaning the country in which the administrative headquarters and the operator's financial, operational and maintenance management are based. 3. APPENDIX
3.1 Appendix 1 is a sample of the AOC application form, therein referred to and shall be taken, read and construed as an essential and integral part of this AIC.
DATO' IR KOK SOO CHON Director General Department of Civil Aviation Malaysia 8
APPENDIX 1
DCA Borang 38 AOC App/Ren
JABATAN PENERBANGAN AWAM AOC APPLICATION
Please check appropriate items
Initial Renewal
1. Name and mailing address of company
New: Route / Equipment / Ac Type New Operating Base / Station
2. Address of principal base where the operations will be conducted (do not use post office box)
3. Proposed startup date
4. Management Personnel with resume and organizational structure Full Name Title Telephone
5. Proposed type of operation (check as many as possible)
Schedule Non-Schedule
Passenger Charter
Cargo Aerial Work
6. Proposed type of Maintenance Accomplishment
Own
Sub-Contract
Name of Maintenance Organisation:
7. Aircraft Data Numbers and types of aircraft (by make, model and series) Number of passenger seats or cargo payload capacity
8. Geographical area of intended operations and airports.
9
9. Additional information that provides a better understanding of the proposed operation or business including training of personnel and leasing contract. (attach additional sheets, if necessary)
Signature
Date
Name and Title
To be Completed by DCA Office
Date: Remarks:
Signature
Date
Name and Title
10
Information
AIC Malaysia
10 pages
Report File (DMCA)
Our content is added by our users. We aim to remove reported files within 1 working day. Please use this link to notify us:
Report this file as copyright or inappropriate
324218$420.71
$1402.37
$40.06
$97.48
$13.35
$665.94
$1202.03
$86.81
$908.20
View large image
$91.94
RRP: $151.03
Save:
39% - HG700 - 11 Speed 116 Link Chain
RRP $44.50
Save: 40%
KMC X10 Super Light Diamond Like Coating Chain - 116 Links - Black/Blue
RRP $122.41
Save: 52%
Campagnolo Record Bicycle Chain - 11 Speed
RRP $66.76
Save: 30%
Campagnolo CN-RE500 Coupling Pin - 11 Speed
There are currently no reviews.
Park Tool CT-2 Plier Type Chain Tool
Select imagewell looks like ssccq is getting higher on my list for monday :O hope i can still get it under .10
well looks like ssccq is getting higher on my list for monday :O hope i can still get it under .10
im a little confused
black liquor: the blend of caustic inorganic chemicals and dissolved wood generated in pulp and paper mills
so there waste has the potential to be used as fuel?
so they could possibly turn around and sale the waste generated from the mills
"Smurfit-Stone Container's application for alternative fuels black liquor funding from the US government was recently approved by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the company expects to gain as much as $543 million from the provision this year."
so the they will get an estimate of 543 million in FUNDING?
so they arent capable of selling it as is they need further research?
my question is where is this funding going towards?
black liquor research?
money needed to attract buyers?
is no one willing to buy this stuff yet?
does it need to be altered before it can be sold and not just simply get sold as soon as the black liquor waste gets produced?
how long till they can actually start profiting from their waste?
now to man my main ssccq concern, what the hell is going to happen to ssccq stock, is this going to be one of those rare bk's were stockholders dont get left with nothing? isnt ssccq going to get retired at some point and a new ticker brought out? if that happens do the ssccq people get into the new ticker? or left with the old till it dribbles down to 0. the bk is the only thing stopping me from pulling the tigger, and the uncertainty of it all.
Hey Tripps, good Saturday night....I hear they are doings twisters down in Texas, lol.
Anyway, I can help clear this up, or at least most of it.
Years ago I worked in a Refinery in Wyoming. I worked in the boilerhouse there. The refinery takes crude oil and refines it into all different levels: Naptha (which is the lightest)
Gasoline
Diesel
some other products
and then asphalt (which is the pure crap leftovers that is like really thick viscous that is one step above or equal to tar.
To make the tar (asphalt) even usable, heat has to be applied to it to melt it and make it circulate through the system to the boiler house.
When the asphalt arrives at the boiler house, it is superheated and then atomized with hot steam as it is injected into the boilers for combustion. It is an extremely efficient fuel and the cost is cheap.
Now lets apply this same principle to Black Liquor. Black Liquor is the dredge of waste from pulp products. If you look at a picture of it on the web, you will see that it is basically the same type of product as asphalt. It is not as combustible as asphalt because it is not a fossil fuel. In order to make Black Liquor burn efficiently, you have to add one 1/1000th of diesel to the liquor to make it burn and make it highly efficient. I am positive that it has to be atomized with steam also to make it flow properly to be injected into the boiler system.
Since there is a great savings in the reduction of burning fossil fuels with Black Liquor, the I.R.S. gives companies that use it a tax credit. This is where the $543 million dollars came from. If you read the article, you will see it was awarded by the Internal Revenue Service.
Now there is a real war going on between pulp mills. The mills, like Smurfit-Stone are getting the big credits, because the produce Black Liquor. The other ones that are still using fossil fuels are paying big time and not getting credits, therefore Smurfit has a distinct advantage over many other Pulp Mills here in the United States.
This credit is NOT principally for developing car fuels, but they are looking at it in a bio-diesel form with R&D.
The Black Liquor is a cheaper and more beneficial way to run their plants and they get rewarded for it. So they are profiting from their wastes.
Second, as for the bankruptcy status of SSCCQ, it is best, as I have advised all the other people here to call their Investor Relations department and make your own determination.
I called them last week, but missed their call back. I talked with them a couple of weeks prior and asked them if they intended to issue a .V stock and they told me that this hasn't even been brought up in discussion. Even with that, I highly recommend that you call them and share with us information that you derive from them.
I hope that helps a little bit.
Have a great Sat. Night,
Bill
Hey Greg,
I looked at CHB and here is what I come up with without all of the technical jargon:
If you look at it from a year, it is on a definite uptrend...no doubt about it. A terrific long.
Looking at it ST, it would be best to see if a guy could catch it a t .40 or below. The price has been dropping and it is a volatile stock, which can work both for the good and for the bad.
The float is relatively small and so is the volume, in the thousands. If somebody wanted to turn over a bunch, it could be harder to do. This doesn't affect me since I don't buy in the godzillions of shares.
It is a "C" rated stock. It trades about 649 thousand average a day.
Moving Average Price Compare
Friday, CHB closed above its 13 minute moving average. This is generally considered to an indication of a bullish trend.
Moving Averages
No current signals
Bollinger Bands
CHB is trading within its Bollinger Bands. This is a normal condition and suggests that the stock is neither overbought nor oversold relative to the recent price action.
MACD
CHB's MACD is currently indicating a weak bullish signal. Although the MACD is trending above the signal line, the indicator is still below 0, which suggests that the underlying moving averages are bearish.
RSI
The RSI is currently at 48.32% which indicates that the stock is neither overbought nor oversold. Keep checking the trend of the RSI to see if the internal strength of CHB is improving or weakening.
Directional Movement Index
The +DI line is below the -DI line and the ADX is greater than 20. This is a bearish signal that indicates the stock is in a confirmed downtrend.
Price and moving averages has closed below its Short term moving average. Short term moving average is currently above mid-term; AND above long term moving averages. From the relationship between price and moving averages; we can see that: This stock is NEUTRAL in short-term; and BULLISH in mid-long term.
So all in all, at the present, I would just keep an eye on it at the moment. It has tons of potential for mid to long right now, but not ST.
It is a good stock and has a great history...I am keeping my eye on it!
If you want a mid to a long, this would be great. Good Pick!
Bill
Last edited by billhart22; 05-17-2009 at 01:11 AM.
Thanks everybody for your feedback on SCGA.
My initial thought is that is is trading for the first time on Monday morning. They are asking .4xx for the bid.
It is a oil related company.
If you have any comments on it, please post them.
I don't know how the price will hold up right out of the gate. Any thoughts?
New issues are not my area of expertise in any shape or form.
My guess would be that it would drop over a week or so time and then would be a good time to buy, but paying close attention to it for a ST strike would be of the most importance.
I am clueless.
If there is anybody here that did not receive my email on it, please let me know with a PM and in the future I can send you a very occasional email with something of interest, at least to me, lol. You can send me emails of things that you find also. PM'ing is such a pain in the ass! One on one isn't bad, but trying to let everybody know is very time consuming. Email is best!
Here is the link to the stock info. Analysts say it is supposed to be a triple bagger, but I don't believe them yet. The proof is in the pudding.
At the same time, I don't want to be standing going, "Uh , ya...it did.."
Who knows, please give comments on this.
Have a great Sat. night!
BillAt Queen’s we offer postgraduate courses that come with a promise of value: to produce world-class graduates and provide the tools for you to take a leading role in the world economy.
Our programmes are divided into taught degrees (including MA and MSc) and research degrees (PhD and MPhil).
Below we also give you guidance on postgraduate funding and flexible study options, tell you what it’s like to study and live in Belfast and Northern Ireland, and welcome you into our brand new Graduate School.
Washington ES reopening celebration: New school meets old schoolExplore the newly remodeled Washington Elementary School and listen to alumni and staff talk about the historic school’s reinvention. We toured the school and interviewed visitors after the Oct. 10 reopening celebration. Watch video.
We Day Tacoma 2014 Thousands of seventh-graders from Tacoma Public Schools participated in We Day Tacoma 2014, held Thursday, Oct. 2 at Life Center. Thanks to Stadium High photo students Neil Bhatia, Hannah Eklund, Jacinda Garber and Emma Joy Miller for creating the images in our photo gallery. View photo gallery.
Being included means everythingLincoln High student Zach Jenkins discusses his transition into high school and out of special education pull-out classes. His insights reveal our common need to be understood and accepted. Watch video.
Learning never stopsSummer programs are an integral part of our efforts to improve academic outcomes for all students. In response to our commitment to boost learning, Tacoma Public Schools and community partners offered a broader range of programs this summer to help lessen learning losses. View photo gallery.
Jason Lee MS: Beating the “summer slide”A unique partnership with Tacoma Public Schools and Peace Community Center is helping Jason Lee Middle School students beat the “summer slide”. The fitness-based summer school program helps students grow academically, make important social connections and discover the connection between a healthy body and a healthy mind. Watch video.
Refusing to be a dropout statisticListen to four graduates from Oakland High School who had the odds stacked heavily against them but found the grit to make it to the finish line. Watch video.
Wilson, Mount Tahoma teams compete in Unified Soccer tournamentCongratulations are in order for the Unified Soccer teams from both Wilson and Mount Tahoma high schools for their achievements in the recently completed state competition as part of the annual Special Olympics Summer Games and the Washington Interscholastic Activities Association (WIAA) state soccer championships. View photo gallery.
Mount Tahoma College Signing Day June 2Mount Tahoma High School celebrated and recognized those seniors who will attend a college or university or enter the military for their 13th year. All Mount Tahoma seniors were invited to join in and recognize their peers who have an education plan for after graduation. View photo gallery.
Sherman celebrates Arts Education MonthMay is Arts Education Month, and Sherman Elementary
School celebrated with an Art and Literacy Night May 15 where families could
try out art activities with seven area artists and view student work created through
the school’s Artist in Residence program. Student-designed books showcased the
artistic talents of the students and celebrated literacy and reading. View photo gallery.
Partnership creates extended-day learning programPeace Community Center won a five-year, 21st Century Community Learning Center grant to provide academic enrichment opportunities for students at r Elementary School in Tacoma's Hilltop neighborhood. Peace Community Center is bringing together local non-profit organizations to deliver a mix of academic and enrichment activities for students attending after-school programs at r. We believe strong partnerships with organizations dedicated to empowering students will improve student outcomes and build better communities. View photo gallery.A road trip along the career pathFor Lincoln High School shop teacher Fred Hall, getting students on a career or college path is his most important task. Hall and 22 Career and Technical Education (CTE) students from Lincoln embarked on a one-day whirlwind tour of what might lie ahead after graduation. Their eastern Washington trip included site visits to Central Washington University’s Construction Management and Technology Education classes, The International Union of Operating Engineers Regional Training Facility, and Wild Horse Wind and Solar Facility. View photo gallery.Reengaging students: A new school opens its doorsTacoma Public Schools recently opened the doors to its newest school, the Reengagement Center. The center provides a unique, personalized educational experience, which helps students reengage and rediscover their educational path to graduation. View photo gallery.Three Graduates, Three Mentors. Foss High School stories.Our students don't always have easy lives. Sometimes, focusing on school seems like a luxury. Hear three students describe how nurturing mentors helped them navigate life's challenges... and get to the finish line. View video.
Tacoma Public Schools
Central Administration Building
P.O. Box 1357 Tacoma WA 98401-1357
253-571-1000 | info@tacoma.k12.wa.usSolar industry is evolving — and experiencing growing pains
A well-known Chinese solar power company has filed for bankruptcy, but this may actually be a sign of health for the industry.
Wed, May 08, 2013 at 04:14 PM
Photo: UC Irvine/Flickr
Suntech Power, one of the most well-known Chinese solar companies, filed for bankruptcy in March, the latest failure in an industry that is evolving, changing and yes, growing.
"In a normal business cycle, bankruptcies are a healthy sign of a maturing industry," Travis Hoium of The Motley Fool wrote."
According to a report from Forbes and data from Greentech Media, there were nearly 1,000 solar companies in China in 2012, a year in which the prices for some solar components fell by 35 percent. About 200 of those companies went out of business or merged with other companies last year.
But despite some corporate failings, the market for solar energy is growing almost everywhere you look. In Japan, a third of the country's prefecture governments have started to plan or build large-scale solar power plants, according to a report from The Asahi Shimbun. Australia is expected to install 750 megawatts of new solar facilities this year, according to the consulting group SunWiz. Minnesota's House of Representatives just passed a bill — which still needs to go through the state's Senate — that would require the state to get 4 percent of its energy from solar by 2025. The growth isn't universal, though: new solar installations in Europe have recently fallen for the first time, according to a report this week from the Financial Times.
Some solar companies are actually having trouble keeping up with demand. SunPower and First Solar both recently announced that orders have exceeded production capabilities, according to a report this week from Gigaom, although that is in part because many companies have cut back on production over the past two years.
Meanwhile the growth of the industry has brought more jobs after a period of layoffs. In the U.S., there are now actually more people employed by the solar industry than in coal mining, according to a recent count by the Solar Energy Industry Association, although as The Daily Beast points out, that might not include all coal workers. About half of solar employment is in installation, a job that pays slightly above the national median salary.
The industry's growth pains are likely to continue. The Motley Fool predicts that "more companies will fall," while others may merge or join forces – effectively circling the wagons to build their strengths. Governments will play a big role as well. The European Union recently proposed a 47 percent tariff on Chinese imports, which it says are subsidized by China's government. While that move would protect European solar manufacturers, it's actually opposed by installers, who have profited from cheap imports, which have until now increased EU demand for solar power.
What comes next for the solar industry? It's hard to say, but it's safe to say that change will be a big part of the equation.
Related solar stories on MNN:I have the following structure in a custom theme:
- src
- src/templates
- templates
The /src/templates are compiled into the /templates dir using Grunt. However the files from /src/templates are actually the files which get loaded.
I thought it may be parsing the folders alphabetically, so I renamed src to zzz, run a flush=all, and still the template from zzz/templates was the file loaded.
It wasn't until I renamed zzz/templates to zzz/nottemplates that the correct templates/Page.ss was loaded.
Why are sub folders checked for template directories? Surely this a reasonable performance hit checking every subfolder except the real templates for it's own templates directory?The Dinosaur Journey Museum is a great place to take children. It's very educational; not only for children, but for adults as well. The area around Fruita has many...
read more
The Dinosaur Journey Museum is a great place to take children. It's very educational; not only for children, but for adults as well. The area around Fruita has many paleontological dig sites, which makes the museum very relevant to this area, and a 'must see', especially for people who are planning a vacation to the Grand Valley with children.
We enjoyed the motion dinos
Earthquake pretending ground
Exposition about past quakes in US
It was a short visit cause no museum guides were around...
The gift store is so cute
We spent a couple hours exploring this fun dinosaur museum. There are lots of fun and interesting displays and information. You can watch work being done on real fossils in the lab. Some of the displays are old and could use some updating. For example don't bother searching for the hiding mammals in the spitting dinosaur display as the sign...
More
Didn't cost the earth to gain admission, my youngest boy loves dinosaurs - and was so excited when we realized where we were stopping. Fun for the whole family
This place is a dino lovers dream especially for kids who like to have a bit of interactive time with a few stations. The staff was nice and though I believe the museum is directed toward children I had a fun time all the same.
Fun place for families with kids. Cool dinosaur exibits. Not real expensive. There is a gift shop for souvineers. Then you can take a hike up the road on dinosaur hill. Fun for everyone.
The museum delights kids from 2-82. It is both informative and interactive. They even host birthday parties here. You kiddos can run through the museum dodging streams of water being "spit" by one of the dinosaurs, or dig in the sand pit for "fossils."
I loved all of the hands on displays, earthquake simulator, and all of the great facts. It was fun standing inside of the dinosaur heart.
If anyone has grandsons, they know that dinosaurs are always a big hit. This museum is big enough to entertain younger ones but with lots of hands on things and educational information for the older kids....including adults. It has an area for a picnic lunch and let's your kid's inner paleontologist to come out! I have watched my one grandson...
More
this was a great spot to seek out. If you have children they
would love to see the ancient dinosaur bones still in the mountain
We 4 adults enjoyed it
Register now for free — and start getting automatic notification of new reviews, responding to traveler feedback, adding new photos to your listing and much more.
Why is this listed with a Grand Junction address when it is in Fruita?
See all questions
(1)- MLB
- Cleveland Indians
- Shop By Category
- Office Accessories
- Cleveland Indians Pencil Holder
This pencil holder boasts a rich walnut finish and brass plate with enamel team logo. Measures 4.25 inches tall and 3.375 inches wide.
Related Items
Price: $39.99
Price: $34.99
Price: $33.99
Price: $63.99David Balosa – dbalosa1@umbc.edu Sociolinguistics, Language Domination, Spanish in the United States, Intercultural Communication and Cultural Exchange, Global Intercultural Citizenship, Critical/Political Discourse Analysis, Frantz Fanon Study, Moral, Social and Political Philosophy Hui Chih (Hilda) Huang – hhuang2@umbc.edu Variational pragmatic analysis of Chinese small talk and its application in pragmatic instruction and the development of pragmatic teaching materials for Chinese language learners in the U.S. La’Tasha Banks – lbanks1@umbc.edu Romy Hübler – romy.huebler@umbc.edu Civic agency, critical pedagogy, social movements, public scholarship, participatory action research Erin Berry – eberry3@umbc.edu Cultural Studies, Popular Culture, Media & Communication Studies, Social Media, Research Methods, Ethics, Double-Consciousness, Black Feminist Thought, Hip-Hop Feminism, & Sociolinguistics Teresa (Tracy) Irish – tirish1@umbc.edu Research Interests: Science and STEM education, Professional Learning Communities, Engineering Education. Dissertation Title: Developing STEM-focused Professional Learning Communities through the STEM Felix Burgos – fburgos1@umbc.edu Memory studies, Trauma and Violence, Critical heritage studies, Electracy, Digital humanities and Intercultural communication Ruken Isik – ruken1@umbc.edu Feminist Theory, Women’s Movements, Identity construction, Intersectionality Kathleen Callaghan – kcalla1@umbc.edu Satarupa Joardar – joardar1@umbc.edu Impact Of Social Media Like Twitter And Facebook On Social And Protest Movements In India Rachel Carter – rachc1@umbc.edu Christopher Justice - cj10@umbc.edu History and theories of composition, ecocomposition, multimodal composition, critical discourse analysis, environmental discourse, ecocriticism, environmental rhetoric, writing in the disciplines, genre theory, post-humanism, object-oriented ontology, film studies, film history Deanna Cerquetti – deanna5@umbc.edu Diane Kuthy – dkuthy1@umbc.edu Community arts, arts education, multi-modal literacy, cultural interventions, participatory research methods Emerald Christopher-Byrd – emerald1@umbc.edu Critical Race Theory, Cultural Studies, Gender and Women’s Studies, Black Women’s History, and Black Women & Politics (Working Dissertation Title: The Love and Marriage Playbook: Contemporary Guidelines for Black Women in Relationship Advice Literature) Mary Laurents – mfeldm1@umbc.edu Exploration of the cultural, social, and psychological mechanisms that underlie the development of cultural narratives as a reaction to mass death or catastrophic loss May Chung – chu7@umbc.edu Dialect awareness and education, Asian American language practices, teacher education of pre-service teachers, and linguistically and culturally diverse teaching practices for English language learners,/p> Kelly Lynch – klynch3@umbc.edu Frames and Narrative in the Online Reporting of Immigration Reform. It covers critical discourse analysis, narrative analysis, metaphor analysis, and immigration Ron Collins – coll5@umbc.edu Susan Mrozowski – smrozo1@umbc.edu Historical Analysis Of Medical Illustration Teresa Daniell – tdanie3@umbc.edu Masibonge Ian Ngidi-Brown – ibrown1@umbc.edu Cultural and Linguistics Dimensions Among Senior Management, and Employee Development Through Ubuntu: A Case For Nedbank Steven Dashiell – sdashie1@umbc.edu Masculinity Studies, marginalized populations, sociology of language, sociolinguistics, social inequality,cultural identity, popular culture studies Panthea Parang – panthea1@umbc.edu Inte’a DeShields – idesh1@umbc.edu Ingrid Parker – parker1@umbc.edu / ingrid.a.parker.mil@mail.mil “Women Leaders in Iraqi Civil Society and U.S. Women in Arms: An Army Officer’s Investigation into Similarities through Life Stories” Andrew Devos – adevos1@umbc.edu Media studies, US cultural history (emphasis on film), history of US race relations/racial formation;dissertation title: A Cultural History of Interracial Sexuality in U.S. Films, 1957-2001 Sheila Prados – sprados1@umbc.edu Mental Health Help Seeking Behaviors of African Americans in the Baltimore area Landry Digeon – ldigeon@umbc.edu Comparative analysis of French Quebecois T.V. series, Development of quantivative methods to analyize visual documents, Semiotics, Film language, Production ethnography Jiselle Providence – jisellep@umbc.edu Decolonizaton, Violence and Culture, Efficacy of Caribbean based social movements and Slave Reparations Ryan Donnelly – d101@umbc.edu Ecojustice education, critical pedagogy, critical literacy, democratic education, Ecofeminism, social movements and revolution, civic engagement, human ecology Siobhan Quinn siobhan1@umbc.edu Examination of community engagement mechanisms designed by anchor institutions within culturally complex communities. Specific interest in cultural arts centers and other programs promoting multicultural literacy through interdisciplinary programs in the arts and humanities Shirley B. Dunlap – sdunlap1@umbc.edu Intersectionality of race, gender, and cultural history in American Theatre—production and performance—as seen through theory and methodology Doaa Rashed – doaa1@umbc.edu Lori Edmonds – le1@umbc.edu Using a Student-Centered Funds of Knowledge Approach in the Diverse Secondary Science Classroom Uzma Abdul Rashid – urashid1@umbc.edu Female Muslim Adolescents: A Qualitative Exploration Of the Construction Of Gendered Islamic Identities In The United States Latasha Eley – leley1@umbc.edu Women’s studies; African-American studies; Black feminist thought; Standpoint theory; Black women’s body politics, i.e. colorism, hairism, body image, self-esteem; Black college student success; the Black college student experience at predominantly White institutions (PWIs); Best practices in college student affairs; Qualitative research methods; Effectively providing and aiding access to and through college; Social and mainstream media impacts on Black women’s body politics, overall experience, and success in college; Diversity and inclusion in college student affairs; Cultural competency. Dissertation: #teamlightskin #teamdarkskin #teamnatural #teamrelaxed: Black Women’s Experiences of Skin Hue and Hair Politics in College Chrissie Reilly – chrissi1@umbc.edu Jermaine Ellerbe – jermaineellerbe@aol.com Utilizing historical inquiry to engage underachieving gifted African American males Erin Roth – eroth@umbc.edu Health disparities among urban, older adults with multiple chronic health condition; pragmatics of the relationship with health care/public health professionals; resilience and agency in a biomedically-privileged context; ethnography Ibrahim Er - er11@umbc.edu Televisual language, semiotics, travelling narratives in TV/film discourse (TV series adaptations in particular), the rhetoric of music, narrative music, film scoring and its effect on the perception of visual track elements Rehana Shafi – rshafi@umbc.edu Emek Ergun – eergun1@umbc.edu Feminist translation, transnational feminism, language & gender, feminist pedagogies, critical masculinity studies, reception theories and traveling theories Anissa Sorokin – sorokin1@umbc.edu Rhetoric and composition; multimodal composition; writing center studies; first-year composition Heidi Faust – fausth1@umbc.edu Intersectionality, Race, Class, Language, Culture and Education, Teacher Education, TESOL, Critical Pedagogy, Social Justice in Eduction, Feminist Epistemologies, Contested concepts of community, identity, culture, nation, borders Sonya Squires-Caesar – sonya2@umbc.edu Tangled Money Tales: A Life History Exploration of Childhood Money Messages” Kim Feldman – kfeldman@umbc.edu Academic literacy, critical pedagogy, culturally responsive teaching, teacher identity and voice, teacher negotiation of policy and practice Shawntay Stocks – sstocks1@umbc.edu Betsy Fetchko – fetchko2@umbc.edu Media Ecology, Rhetoric of Social Movements, Social Construction of Identity (in particular the impact of language and images), Media Studies, Discourse Analysis Mary Tabaa – tabaa@umbc.edu Opportunity gaps in p-12 education, parental choice in public education, languages and language varieties in p-12 schools, professional development of pre-service and in-service teachers Shani Fleming – fleming1@umbc.edu Institutional Accountability: Recruitment and Retention of Underrepresented Minorities in Medical Education; Critical Race Theory Tissa Thomas – tissa1@umbc.edu Jessica Floyd – jfloyd1@umbc.edu Analyzing sea shanties through the lens of gender/sexuality/literary theory in order to understand/illustrate the construction of masculinity and sexuality on Merchant Sailing ships during the Great Age of Sail Chikao Tsubaki – ctsubak1@umbc.edu Community College Students’ Perceptions of Online Tutorial Services: A Case Study Teresa Foster – fostert1@umbc.edu Early modern Atlantic; forced and coerced labor in the colonial Chesapeake; 18th c. convict transportation; gender constructs in judicial punishment Adriana Val – aval1@umbc.edu Spanish Heritage Language Students: Life Stories: Language and Ethnic Identity John Fritz – fritz@umbc.edu Using analytics to inform faculty course design and encourage student responsibility for learning Kevin Wisniewski – wisnie1@umbc.edu The history of the book; American literature and culture; the history of reading; digital humanities and digital publishing Delana Gregg – delana1@umbc.edu Researching first-generation college students and their experiences in higher education Tymofey Wowk – twowk1@umbc.edu Remedial college student persistence at 2-year schools, sociology of higher education, psychology and student development theory, quantitative methods, higher education policy Nana K. Gyesie – ngyesie1@umbc.edu Identity negotiation of foreign born Africans students, Community College Honors/Scholarships programs and Student Success, Study Abroad programs and Identity Negotiation African Americans students Eva Wright – evw1@umbc.eduGarmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, Jan. 31 (AP)--Rain and wind forced postponement of a men's super-G World Cup race Sunday, denying Hermann Maier a chance to set an Austrian record.
The entire women's weekend program _ a slalom and a giant slalom at Zwiesel _ also was wiped out because of the stormy conditions.
Maier won Saturday's downhill, tying the Austrian record of 26 World Cup victories by Franz Klammer. Another victory Sunday would have given Maier sole possession of the Austrian mark.
But pouring rain and strong winds prevented any racing.
The International Ski Federation (FIS) planned to decide Monday when and where to stage the super-G.
The women have even more weather-related problems.
Last week, a women's super-G at Cortina d'Ampezzo, Italy, was wiped out because of gale-force winds, and has yet to be rescheduled.
And the FIS is still trying to find a venue for the women's downhill, super-G, slalom and combined races originally scheduled early next month at Deer Valley and Snowbasin in the United States. The races had to be moved because of a lack of snow and warm weather.NEW YORK — As the owner of a successful acupuncture clinic in a wealthy Washington suburb, David Vandenberg never had any problems making a $433 monthly child support payment.
Until last year, when his business faltered and he went on unemployment. Unable to find another job, the 50-year-old Vandenberg moved to Arkansas to live with his parents. Now they're paying the child support for him.
"I felt I didn't have any recourse," said Vandenberg, who has a 12-year-old daughter and tried unsuccessfully for a court-approved reduction in his child support payments. After child support, "I get $100 a month in unemployment."."
The Maryland Child Support Enforcement Administration has seen an 18 percent increase over the last year in requests for child support modifications, said Paula Tolson, spokeswoman for the state Department of Human Resources.
In Prince George's County, requests have tripled over the past 1 1/2 years. While historically requests have come from custodial parents who need an increase in support, many are now coming from noncustodial parents seeking a reduction, according to Joan Kennedy, director of the county's Office of Child Support Enforcement.
Many times the custodial parent feels the hit from a downward modification. Sometimes she has experienced her own income loss.
Delaine Moore, a separated stay-at-home mom of three in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, said there have been fewer trips to the movies and McDonald's and more activities at home since her ex's oil field drilling work came to a halt in March. Her child support and spousal payments dropped from $6,500 a month to nothing. He has since picked up a part-time job earning minimum wage but is only paying $450 a month.
Moore, who blogs about motherhood, divorce and infidelity, said her parents are paying her mortgage and she had money saved, but she is considering turning her home into a day care to earn money. If things haven't improved by Christmas, she may move in with her parents.
"I think my children are still feeling very loved and most importantly I'm here for them," she said. But it's been stressful. "I don't know what's going to happen."
Child support laws vary from state to state, but the amount is primarily based on the noncustodial parent's income. Other factors include how many children there are, how much time the children spend with each parent and the custodial parent's income.
In New York, a noncustodial parent making less than $80,000 pays 17 percent — less taxes — for one child, 25 percent for two children and 29 percent for three children, plus add-ons such as child care, medical expenses and extracurricular activities. But a reduction in income is not automatic grounds for a modification, said Eyal Talassazan, a divorce attorney in Great Neck, N.Y. Courts are often reluctant to disrupt children's lives.
Family court judge Patricia Macias of El Paso, Texas, said she considers whether the parent is unemployed or underemployed by choice, is actively seeking another job and can retain a job commensurate with their education and skills. Perhaps the person has assets that can be liquidated, she said.
"I believe that family court judges as a general rule are very empathetic to the economic situation," said Macias, immediate past president of the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges. "But our primary focus is what the kids need. So that it's not good enough to say, `Judge, you understand. We're in hard economic times.' We all understand but what extra effort are you making now?"
In some ways, the economy has made ex-spouses more willing to work things out on their own, said Ike Vanden Eykel of Koons, Fuller, Vanden Eykel & Robertson, a law firm with four locations in North Texas. Parents who go that route still need to get the court order changed, he said.
Samantha Land, 39, of Huntington Beach, Calif., agreed to a 50 percent reduction in $3,700 a month for her 8-year-old son.
"I don't need that much money and his income was getting reduced," said Land, who works as an esthetician, a nonmedical skin care specialist, and a transcriptionist. "The funny thing is because I did that, and because I have been more agreeable he has been more willing to help me when I need help."
Jeremy Lavine, 29, of Tampa, Fla., is keeping his two kids half the time so he is not paying the full support amount. He said he inquired about a modification more than a year ago, but the Florida Department of Children and Families told him his industry was going to bounce back.
Lavine's child support payment is still $1,100 a month based on a $4,500 a month income, though he now makes only $1,500 a month repairing jet skis. He and his ex-wife are going to mediation to get the changes to custody and child support on the books.
But as everyone knows, divorce can be contentious. Many people don't believe what their ex-spouses tell them when it comes to finances. Specialists recommend that parents work in the best interest of the children.
"Always keep talking," said Vanden Eykel. "Reach an accord. These are unprecedented times. It takes a real level of cooperation to get through it."
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“ ”November Pet of the Month: Tucker
Published: Nov 02 2013 09:24:37 AM EDT Updated On: Nov 02 2013 09:28:21 AM EDT
Tucker is a lovable cat who was sadly abandoned by his previous family. He enjoys other people and gets along with other cats.
Tucker needs a special diet to help him with diabetes.
If you would be interested in adopting Tucker, visit the Ruth Steinert Memorial SPCA in Pine Grove, Schuylkill County.
If you are a senior or a veteran, there is no adoption fee.
570-345-3540
Copyright 2013 WFMZ. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Restoring power after a major outage involves much more than simply throwing a switch or removing a tree from a line. View this diagram to see how SVEC restores power.
© 2013 Shenandoah Valley Electric Cooperative. All Rights Reserved. This institution is an equal opportunity provider and employer. | Site Map | Mobile Site
Web Design by BlueKey in Harrisonburg, VATeaches custom theme creation and demonstrates how to integrate with other Apple and third-party tools.
“For five days I have been excitedly moving from lesson to lesson, course to course. These are the finest and most reasonably priced tutorials I have ever found!” —David S.
more from our members »E-Resources Cataloging Menu
Online monographs (electronic books)
Online serials (electronic journals)
E-mono copy cataloging workflow
eCat workflow: PDFs stored on library server
MSU theses: CURRENT INSTRUCTIONS for electronic only
MSU theses: OLD INSTRUCTIONS for electronic & microfiche
MSU theses: OLD INSTRUCTIONS for e-thesis (if no Proquest record found in the catalog)
Online integrating resources (web pages & databases)
ScienceDirect analytics online
Webcat procedure: Adding free Web records to the catalog
Online access code procedure (code for online access appears in print book)March 11, 2008 on February 29 with a hairline fracture of his left wrist and a fractured left collarbone he sustained in a fall in his condo the previous night.
Now that Coach Wooden has been released from the hospital, daily updates on his condition will not be issued.What's next for OpenGL for the desktop, mobile devices, and the web?
Next-gen standards effort aims to rewrite OpenGL for the modern world
Siggraph 2014 company interested to participate is strongly encouraged to join Khronos for a voice and a vote in the development process," the group said in a press release on Monday.
In a phone conversation last week, Khronos president Neil Trevett told The Reg that one reason why OpenGL needs a radical revamp is because the hardware landscape is dramatically different today than when the standard was first conceived.
"OpenGL is 20 years old, and back in the day, RealityEngine hardware from Silicon Graphics was the typical target for the first generation of OpenGL," Trevett said. "Obviously hardware has significantly changed, even on mobile devices. You see multiple-core CPUs, quite advanced GPUs, shared memory ... it's a different world."
Mobile devices are much on everyone's mind in the industry these days, with console-quality gaming on mobile phones just around the corner. But Trevett sees the demand for OpenGL broadening even further.
"More and more platforms are becoming 3D capable," Trevett told The Reg. "It's not just desktop gaming PCs and workstations anymore. It is mobile devices, and it is web browsers, and it is cloud rendering, feeding across the web to clients. It's embedded markets. There's quite a big market selling GPUs into automotive.
"My microwave oven is about to be 3D enabled," he added, though he admitted this last example was probably a little farther off.
One goal for the next-gen OpenGL standardization effort, then, will be to simplify the OpenGL ecosystem and make it easier to develop applications for a wider range of targets.
For example, currently Khronos maintains the full OpenGL spec for desktop PCs – version 4.5 was announced on Monday – and the separate OpenGL ES spec for use on mobile devices. Trevett hopes that under the new standard, this division will no longer be necessary.
Also, subtle inconsistencies in how individual vendors implement the OpenGL ES spec can mean overall application performance can vary from device to device, something the new standard aims to address.
"Khronos has definitely taken it on board and internalized that we need to, for this generation, not just focus on the spec but focus on how we're going to make it even more reliable across multiple vendors," Trevett said. "And we're attacking that problem at a very fundamental level."
The new standard should have a more streamlined API so that it's easier to implement consistently, Trevett said, and it should also have a standardized intermediate language (IL) that's decoupled from the hardware acceleration that's available on each platform.
Khronos also plans to improve its conformance testing methodology so that implementation problems can be spotted before they go to market. The group is even considering releasing its conformance tests as open source so that interested parties can help improve them, although it hasn't committed to this yet.
Trevett said work on the next generation of OpenGL is already well underway and progress is moving rapidly. The effort has also sparked interest from unusual quarters, with "triple-A" game makers like Blizzard, EA, and Epic joining the typical hardware and tool vendors at the table for the first time.
"Out of all of the APIs we've ever designed at Khronos, including the original OpenGL ES, this is the most positive energy and momentum that I've ever seen," Trevett said. ®
Sponsored: Transform Your IT Infrastructure- Shopping Bag ( 0 items )
- All (36) from $2.59
- New (7) from $2.88
- Used (29) from $2.59 'birth!"
Under the light of a single bulb, the old drunk slipped into a coma. Louis Sullivan, the greatest architect in a city of great architecture, lay dying of kidney disease at the Warner Hotel on 33rd and Cottage Grove, five years after the White Sox had met there to fix the 1919 World Series. His last designs had been a series of extravagant little banks in midwestern hamlets, jewel boxes cascading with his glorious ornament, but they’d paid nothing, so old friends like his former protégé Frank Lloyd Wright had chipped in for this dingy room. As the bulb swung and his breathing shallowed, Chicagoans went on shopping in his department stores, cooking dinner in his homes, shuffling papers in his offices, dozing off in his theaters, and praying in the churches he’d created. Few had any clue how Sullivan had given form to the functions of their lives.
He’d come to Chicago in 1873, chased west by the year’s financial panic to a city whose purpose was to be in the middle. Before Marquette and Joliet came through in the late 1600s, centuries of Potawatomi Indians had portaged here between Lake Michigan and the Des Plaines River, paddling on to the Mississippi. French fur traders set up shop in the 1700s, and as the railroads pushed west in the next century, the frontier outpost named Fort Dearborn grew into Chicago, hub of the expanding nation. From every direction, people, resources, and products moved through its muddy plains, soon the site of the world’s biggest, wildest boomtown, and when the fire of 1871 scoured most of the city away, America willed it back into existence, this time even bigger and wilder. Between 1870 and 1890, the city’s population grew from just under 300,000 to more than a million souls densely packed and separate, every person there to do, to make, to somehow get theirs. Grain and livestock mattered as much as pig iron; labor confronted capital; new sciences were explored amid back- alley violence. “Having seen it, I urgently desire never to see it again,” said an uncharacteristically prim Rudyard Kipling after an 1890 visit. “It is inhabited by savages.” Historian William Cronon has called it “the grandest, most spectacular country fair the world has ever seen.” You could probably find fifty just like it now in China, but Chicago was the first of its kind, and Louis Sullivan had loved it at first sight. “Here . . . was power,” he wrote, “naked power, naked as the prairies, greater than the mountains.”
After a short stint at the École des Beaux- Arts in Paris, Sullivan teamed up with Dankmar Adler to design scores of buildings that expressed the extremes of the city that gave America its meat, steel, and the Wizard of Oz. Together Sullivan and Adler refined the idea of what a skyscraper should be. They pushed the limits of technology in buildings such as the Auditorium and the Schiller Theater, while Sullivan developed his distinctive ornamentation, an intricate, organic system that wound around the straight lines of modern industry, exploring the aesthetic possibilities of a grain of wheat the way Bach explored music. Sullivan’s florid yet rational ornament mediated between Chicagoans and their buildings. It captured the creative tension between rural and urban, past and present, the individual man and the democratic nation that fueled the city. Sullivan gave form to the idea of Chicago as a crossroads, where all of America’s impulses met to converse and trade, battle and build, each structure a message about how technology and man could thrive together. The Columbian Exposition of 1893 ended all that, though. Grand as Daniel Burnham’s fair was, it pushed the first generation of Chicago skyscraper builders out of fashion, and the city’s progress stumbled. Adler and Sullivan split, and as Sullivan took to the bottle, he warned— or cursed— that it would be fifty years before American architecture recovered. He was off by only five or so.
When Sullivan died that night in 1924, he died forgotten. Chicago was no longer his city, as much as it ever had been. In the 1920s virtually everyone went on the take— not just Al Capone but union bosses and corporate heads, aldermen and corner cops; even a few priests were mobsters under the Roman collar. Five years later the stock market crash would drag the city to the brink of collapse.
Out of those ashes, Chicago did rise again. It was a slow, often painful progress infused with creativity and greed, overshadowed by the two glamorous cities on the other coasts, but central in all ways to the massmarket America we know today. Beginning in the late 1930s and rolling on through the 1950s, Chicagoans produced much of what the world now calls “American”: the liberated, leering sexuality of Playboy; glass and steel modern architecture; rock and roll and the urban blues; McDonald’s and the spread of the fast- food nation; the improvisational sketch comedy that’s trained everyone from Joan Rivers and John Belushi to Steve Carell and Tina Fey; Ebony magazine and Emmett Till, whose murder catalyzed the civil rights movement; geodesic domes; avant-garde jazz and gospel music; the Nation of Islam; modern photography; the atom bomb and the Great Books; Kukla, Fran and Ollie; and the last great political machine.
The Third Coast is the history of Chicago’s greatest— and final— period as the nation’s primary meeting place, market, workshop, and lab, but it is also the story of how America’s uniform culture came to be. As New York positioned itself on the global stage and Hollywood polished the nation’s fantasies, the most profound aspects of American modernity grew up out of the flat, prairie land next to Lake Michigan. The real struggle for America’s future— whether it would be directed by its people or its institutions— took place in postwar Chicago.
Anonymous
Posted August 23, 2013
No text was provided for this review. ...MoD gives nod for procuring military planes, battle tanks
By N C Bipindra - NEW DELHI
Published: 14th September 2013 10:10 AM
Last Updated: 14th September 2013 10:10 AM
In a big boost to the country’s defence equipment expansion drive, the Union Ministry of Defence on Friday cleared two major proposals to buy six special operations planes and place an order for 236 Russian-origin battle tanks.
“The Defence Acquisition Council (DAC), headed by Union Defence Minister A K Antony, has given approval for the proposals to buy six C-130J special operations planes for `4,000 crore and place an order for 236 T-90 tanks worth `6,000 crore,” a Defence Ministry official said.
The C-130J planes would be brought from the US aircraft manufacturer Lockheed Martin as part of a govt-to-govt agreement signed between India and the US in February 2008 for `5,500 crore, which include training of IAF personnel in handling the aircraft and its maintenance.
Six such four-engine turboprop planes, also called the Super Hercules, were inducted into the IAF in February 2011 and are currently operating from the Hindon air base in Ghaziabad. They are being used for both transporting troops and equipment.
The new set of planes, configured for special operations, could be used even for covert commando operations by the special forces the Army, Navy and the Air Force. They would be capable of landing and taking off from improvised and short airstriCher looked as flamboyant as ever during her recent trip to Paris Fashion Week 2013. Wearing diamond-checkered trousers, chains and a pirate-inspired black hat she attended the Balmain runway show on Thursday where she was joined by fellow celebrity Fergie during Paris Fashion Week.
The grand diva showed off her quirky side in the black-and-white slim fit trousers as she left the George V Hotel on her way to the fashion show. Cher also wore a puffy black leather jacket with fur trim and a white scarf. A long rope of chains hung from her left hip and she looked incredible! Passers by were shocked at how great the superstar looked for her age.
To top off her look Cher wore a black hat that displayed the word ‘Rock’ in silver capital lettering on the front, along with black boots and over-sized sunglasses, carrying a black handbag.
Cher was first snapped leaving her Paris hotel before arriving at the Balmain Fall/Winter 2013 Ready-To-Wear fashion show with Black Eyed Peas singer Fergie.
The two were also spotted shopping around Paris and looked like they were having a great time. Don’t you agree CHER looks awesome!?!
If she better finished that album instead of this.
Still stunning as per usual.Nice hat Cher looks fab
Leave to our Cher to go shopping in Paris while we are waiting for the cd. Love you Cher.
Love the pants, she looks so Parisian!
Now she wear always something in her Head ,,,, like old ladies
Look baron bran setter
boy stefan, what u know about CHER FASHION IS ZERO!!!!!!!!!! u r a sad case
The pink eye shadows are horrible. Cant she put on better make-up after 2 million years in the biz?
Oh I agree with you Jane. Come on does anyone in her camp tell her to lose the pink and orange makeup. It makes her look pale. Oh and I hate the Rock hate. it makes her look dowdy.
i agree always said it,, PLS CHER no more
She has great hair. She needs to show it off! Or wear one of those huge sleek hats she wore in the 70’s.
I usually hate aviator sunglasses especially when men wear them, but Fergie looks good in them.
After this meeting a New single for june With LFMAO ? Ah ah it Will be a good solution to make a real hit !!!
Few days before i suggested That on thé précédent article of cher arriving in Paris at thé AirPort i Write a remix With LFMAO Will be gréât and in last article i
Saw pics of cher With fergie Funny coïncidence !!!
I dont like when she put hat on her head
Its Too old
Fergie is with the Black Eyed Peas so what does that have to do with LfMAO?
Album coming in September is a HUGE disappointment. It’s ridiculous how all Cher fans waiting years for a new work have been lied to about the release date which initially was supposed to take place around Christmas 2012. And releasing WW almost a year later after song came out is yet another stupid move. How an artist of Chers caliber can let herself in the hands of such poor management and promotion of her work?? I really stopped caring about this album because of her flaky attitude toward getting it done. If the fans have to wait another four months to hear a song they’ve already heard, it better sound totally different than the repetitive Euro-trash dance reductive piece WW was.
Nicely said!
OMG….Cher never lets us down! Being with Fergie makes these photos even better..”Its a Womens World”..!!
She should have released 3 to 4 albums allready in 14 years! Im sure when September comes it will have another release date. Atleast give us something to tide us over.
I don’t think it’ll ever materialize… they’ve been saying she’s been working on an album for, what, four or five years now? Seriously a new Genesis album is more likely than this new Cher album ever dropping
i think you are right. I have more to do in life waiting for this to materialize. tired of stressing out.
Its Time for cher to stop she s Being ridiculous and she looks ridiculous like old doly With pink make Up hat or wigs on thé Head … No this is thé end …
14 years its Too long noboby Believe in
Cher she is has been sad but true
Lady gaga never work With her
Warner dont want to promote her album
Coz They have saw her … And They have understand it was Too late for her
Clip vidéos for stupid WW is so terrible and cher looks really not FABULOUS
Time go so so fast … And u have done nothing Baby to keep ur place in Music industry
Imagine in 14 years it was possible to make 3 or 4 albums certainly sûre 3 world. Tour instead u have exploited Xxxxxx Believe album and u have kill this album now is thé most boring album of thé last fucking years
Seems that the big fan of Cher, Stefan, got really angry!
But no wonder, many people did.
I cant blame Stefan! Its become such a joke and stupid. Its worn me out.
Why don’t all of you grow up. The album will be out when the timing is right. It takes years for some artist to release an album. Cher and her record company aren’t just going to do it because all you babies are crying. wah wah wah. Get a life in the mean time and be patient; you’ll love it when it comes out. Now just shut up with all the childish nasty comments; it’s really a bit much.
I will pray for you.
we are just gonna have to wait, Cher is now having fun, like we have too, and not bitching about the new album, someday…
Agree Bill we need to cut Cher some slack. She is still human with life problems, her elderly mother sick, she’s not getting any younger herself and there is huge expectation so she will want it perfect. There WILL be a new album no doubt about that so let’s just let her sort it out with no pressure.
Oh please.cut her some slack? No other artists takes 14 years to produce and album and make multiple promises and disapoints fans. Its very unprofessional.No one would be so upset if she didnt keep breaking her promises and getting people excited! Also why dont you grow up and let people express how they feel!
Thank you Katie; I guess there are some normal people on this site.. LOL Just tired of the nastiness and hatefullness. Take it some place else.
Get over yourself. I have never seen an artist with so much drama making 1 album. Fans are allowed to be pissed! Sorry if I dont care for Cher and her record company’s drama. I personally dont think its the record company. This is just unacceptable!So i hacked my Wii 2 months ago and made a NAND backup and saved it on the USB.
Last month i wanted to save it on the PC but it got corrupted, tried to make another one backup but i can't load BootMii.
I click on the HBC Home button and choose launch BootMii.
The Screen gets black and the Wii flashes.
I did had some BootMii things on the SD Card but i deleted it with ModMii cause i didn't need them.
Now i wanna ask u guys how to make it work again so i can load it from HBC channel from the Launch BootMii button.Flu season preparation: Marshall Medical Center adds new masking protocol
It is influenza season once again. Marshall Medical Center is working to get its patients and staff immunized and to get the word out about the flu, its risks and what people can do to prevent its spread. Marshall’s priority is the health of its patients, employees and community. Since employees work closely with flu […]Yeah, I've read that here :P
But those two seemed to have more compatibility than the others.
But I'm not a pro, so do you have any suggestion?
Yeah, I've read that here :P
But those two seemed to have more compatibility than the others.
But I'm not a pro, so do you have any suggestion?
Hi dudes!
I'm thinking in buying an hard drive to run my games but I don't which to choose. So I was thinking you guys could help me.
I googled a bit and I think these are the best options for...
I don't know install wiiflow and I can't find any guide :(
Help please :)
Still having the same error :(
I cant change the cios on usb loader like you said
Yes after installing that
Please help!
still have the same error...
USB Device not found
No it says that there's no usb unplugged... But in the older usb loader gx version it shows the games but when i launch it the screen goes black and return to the wii menu
Bump! Please help (:
Its formatted to WBFS
I'm holding the new iPhone right now! Thanks to that man, Steve Jobs! You changed the world! RIP Steve Jobs
Still not working :(
Here's the system check
sysCheck v2.0 by Double_A
...runs on IOS58 (rev 6176).
Region: PAL
System Menu 4.3 (v514)
Hollywood v0x21
Not working! Now it crashes while loading usb device!
Yes i try to upgrade it i doesnt even recognized the usb, nobody has change the settings, recently i have downgraded to 4.1 but i've upgraded again to 4.3! Yes i tried many cIOS like 36, 249 and 250
But it used to work!
I have a Wii 4.3e softmodded. But my USB Loader GX when i try to start a game the screen goes black and then to the menu. I tried to play throught neogamma but still not work! I think its a IOS...
Dont need help anymore! Already updated to 4.3 and softmodded! Thx everybody ;)
I want to update to 4.3 but I can't it says that the update has failed
Well thx it worked! But i prefer the 4.3 version... How do I update? It don't let me update from disc neither network and I have block updates disable!
P.S. I just want to play from USB, some...
Thx :) I'll try it
There's no guide :( only the forum page
Yes I tried to follow many guides but when I enter in the options>data management>channels>sd card that boot.elf apears I click yes and enter and it say something suck it the IOS is something... I...
Sorry. I wanted to say 4.1 my version is 4.1'.
"Interesting topic. Mediocre lecturer".
"Ochoa""
Cut through the medical myths and get a solidly scientific guide to keeping yourself and your loved ones as protected as possible from pathogens, including a no-nonsense guide to vaccinations, tips on keeping a healthier home environment, and valuable advice for world travelers..
Disclaimer: Please note that this recording may include references to supplemental texts or print references that are not essential to the program and not supplied with your purchase..
"Amazing!!!"
If you like physics at all, and want to get a better understanding of fundamental physics this is the 'book' for you. He explains things logically and historically. The way it's read it sounds like your in his lecture hall, or sitting in your living room, listening him speak to you. I love his other 'book' on here, about particle physics, but I wish I would have listened to this one first. Really worth the time and money.
.
.The American Idol finale averaged 28.8 million and a 10.0 rating among adults 18-49 in time zone adjusted preliminary numbers between 8pm-10:07pm. Last year's two hour Wednesday finale drew 30.6 million and a 11.0 rating with adults 18-49 in preliminary (non time zone adjusted) numbers. In the final live plus same day ratings numbers for last year's finale, Idol wound up at 31.7 million and an 11.4 adults 18-49 rating. Since the time zone adjusted preliminary numbers will likely track closely with the finals it looks Idol was down around 9% in total viewers and 13% for adults 18-49. DVR viewing beyond the same night might bring things a little closer to last year, but we won't know for a few weeks.
For anyone who cares, in the NON time-zone adjusted numbers, Idol averaged 27.71 million and a 9.6/27 (rating/share) with adults 18-49 between 8pm-10pm.
Only CBS even tried to put up a fight, with finales of Old Christine, Gary Unmarried and a two hour Criminal Minds finale (which performed admirably, given the circumstances!)
Update: data now included below and I've included the half hour data, plus the final seven minutes for Idol (check out those last 7 minutes!) Please note the Idol data is time-zone adjusted but the other shows/networks data below isn't....Router has port acces vs time control?
Discussion in 'Computer Security' started by trs80, May 3, 2005.,186
- Jim Seifert [MSFT]
- Oct 15, 2004
ZoneAlarm has detected a problem with your installation, and therefore has restricted Internet accesA Teuchter, May 18, 2005, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 918
- A Teuchter
- May 19, 2005
Some shareware has a time limit and the software will not work after the time limit has expired.anthony crowder, Nov 22, 2006, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 20
- Views:
- 3,098
- hhtest
- Jan 16, 2007
limiting acces time for kids laptopskeef, Jan 14, 2008, in forum: Wireless Networking
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 539
- Chris
- Jan 15, 2008
Connecting 4 Port Router + Single Port RouterMooMetal, Jan 29, 2009, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 628
- MooMetal
- Jan 29, 2009The Federal Coalition has revealed it will repeal any legislation passed to introduce the Gonski reforms to the school funding system if elected to government next year. Gonski model aims to resolve entrenched disadvantage by allocating a standard amount for every student, with added loadings for students with a disability and those from low-income, indigenous and non-English-speaking families..
FULL ARTICLE:
Coalition to dump Gonski reforms: Pyne (The Age)
Most SharedSearch billions of records on Ancestry.com
Computer Users’
Group
March 19, 2008
Legacy Chart
Legacy
is offering a free charting program that can be used until June 15,
2008. You can download it from here
. It can take your existing file from any of several genealogy
programs and create many different types of charts. But there are
caveats. If you use FamilyTreeMaker, go to TOOLS/COMPACT FILE before
you use a file in Legacy. But it’s fun to create a chart before you
do that, just to see what you get! The charts that I got didn’t
chart the person that I selected. Once I selected my father but he
turned out to be a girl that had been adopted by two gay men! When I
finally got a chart based on the selected person, it had boys
marrying boys and girls marrying girls. Not a family tradition that
I wanted to preserve and pass on to my descendants! We’ll look at a
couple of my results.
Some interesting
charts are the DNA charts that show the path of DNA inheritance and
some of the pie shaped charts. Charts can be printed and taped
together or they can be sent to Legacy for professional printing as
wall charts.
Internet Privacy
When you receive a
cute message that has taken someone a bit of time and effort to
create and suggests that you send it to everyone you know, the
reason is generally to provide a method of gaining email addresses
and tracking where you go on the Internet. Messages are generally
about patriotism, love, humor or religion. Here’s what they do.
Cookies: Cookies are placed
on your computer when you visit most Internet sites. Only the web
site that posted it can read it but if that web site owner is a
member of a consortium of web sites then they all can read it when
you visit, thus tracking where you go.
Web Beacons: When an email or
a web page includes a graphic, it lists the source of the graphic
and your browser goes to get it. In order to receive it, the browser
has to tell the web site where to send it; ie your email address.
(Technically, it’s the URL of your web browser). If the graphic is
on a web site other than the one you’re are looking at, your address
is sent there too so now someone else has your email. So as not to
be noticed doing this, many sites use Web Beacons which are images
that are transparent images only one pixel high and wide. But your
browser has to go and get them. Thus, an advertiser ends up adding
web beacons to a web page for each of it’s clients and they all get
your email address so that they can Spam you. The Thunderbird and
Outlook Express email programs warn you if there are images in the
message and lets you choose whether to allow them. Thus you can
prevent the downloading of images unless you specifically request
it. When the email only contains a link to a web site, however, you
don’t get such a warning so be careful. Birthday cards, St. Patrick
Day greetings etc are typical of such cards. You can see what
company created the card from the URL (address) and visit their
website and scroll down to find their Privacy Policy before you open
the card. All privacy notices start with “we value and respect your
privacy” but then explain all of the different ways that they ignore
it.
What to do: If Outlook
Express or Thunderbird don’t tell you that they have blocked images,
it’s probably ok to open. If you do download blocked images, you can
try to find the originator and read the privacy policy. In
Thunderbird, you can go to VIEW and click on MESSAGE SOURCE. You can
then search for HTTP and find all of the web sites that posted
graphics. Or, you can clear all of your cookies and then open the
message again. Then check your cookies and if you have any, that’s
probably from the message creator. Go to the web site indicated in
the cookie and read the privacy policy listed at the bottom of the
page. If you don’t like it, dump the cookies and don’t forward the
message. Try ccleaner (ccleaner.com). (Pastfinders covered ccleaner
at our November, 2007 meeting. Go here ). Run a
spam remover program to get rid of any spam that was added. Spybot
Search and Destroy will immunize you against known threats.
Genealogy Sites
We’ll look at a few
genealogy sites that are worth your attention. There is a fast
growing collection of English data that allows you to search for
records to see if what you want is available and then lets you pay
either through a pay per view plan or a monthly or yearly
subscription to see the record. Pay per view is good for 60 units
for 90 days and costs $14. Subscription cost is about $30 a month or
$140 a year but vary in what you can view. Subscriptions allow
unlimited views. Go to
.Check the site out for information that you seek and if you find
enough to make an investment worthwhile, sign up.
For Scottish records,
the National Archives of Scotland has web site that allows you to
search records free but pay for what you view. Records start with
civil registration in 1855, census records from 1841, wills and
testaments from 1513 and parish records from 1553. Search results
are limited to numbers of records for the name in each category but
detailed indexes are available for 30 page views for $12. However,
the index to wills is free. Viewing a record image is about $2. Go
here
.
The US National
Archives (NARA) has records available for research on site but
little is available on line directly from NARA. But through a
partnership with Footnote, 28 million NARA records are available.
Searching and viewing a summary or small size image is free but
viewing a larger size image costs $8 a month or $69 a year. Access
to records is unlimited during the subscription period.
As above, search to
make sure what’s available before you invest. There is a 7 day trial
offer that you can quit when you want. Go to
.
Not all sites cost
money. There are a few free ones and one of the early ones is GenWeb,
going back 12 years. It covers all of the states and usually each
county within the states and sometimes several towns or cities. The
coverage is very uneven as the work is all done by volunteers and
some states have more records posted than other states. Some have
biographies, obituaries, cemeteries, histories and links to other
state resources. Go here
and pick the state that you want.
USGENNET This is a
non-profit site that provides web space for volunteer sites. It also
has a few sites of its own. Sites that it owns are US Data
Repository, Heartland Folk and Southern Folk. Sites that it hosts
are varied in content from town data to surnames. One of the best is
the American History and Genealogy Project (AHGP) You can get to
USGENNET here.
We’ll go to AHGP site that is set up by states; content varies
depending on the ambition of the volunteers. One of the best that
I’ve seen is Vermont and we’ll visit that site. One of the best
features is the gazetteers that provide a detailed history of the
towns including information on the founders and early settlers.
There is also the American Local History Network (ALHN). For
Florida, you get the same page as with AHGP but in Vermont, it’s a
different page.
Another site that is
free is Rootsweb which is owned by The Generations Network, owners
of Ancestry. They vowed to keep it free when they bought it. It
hosts the Pastfinders’ Home Page and has many links to other sites.
It has a database of genealogies which it calls WorldConnect. Use it
with care but it can lead you in the right direction sometimes.
There are also message boards, various vital records and links to
other sites. Posting you own genealogy here may lead to finding
cousins and it’s a great way to back-up your data. When your
computer crashes, at least all of your hard work on your genealogy
won’t be lost.
If you are looking for
the ship your immigrant ancestor came on, the Immigrant Ships
Transcribers Guild may be of help. The site is run by volunteers
interested in transcribing all available ships’ lists. You can go
here and type in a surname to find a ship your ancestor may have
come on.
. Cyndi’s List
has many other sources of ships’ lists.
Turn-off, Standby or Hibernate?
How do you rest your
computer when you’re not using it? There are three choices and a
description and the benefits of each are discussed below.
Turn-off: This shuts down the
computer so it uses no power. It’s certainly best for long term
idleness and should be done occasionally if one of the other modes
is chosen in order to activate updates that may have been installed.
It takes the longest time to start up and shut down.
Hibernate: This mode takes
everything that you have open and were working on and saves it on
your hard drive. Then it uses only enough power to sense when it
receives a wake-up call. There’s no limit on how long a desktop
computer can stay hibernated and a laptop can survive several days.
It is reasonably fast waking up (only a few seconds) and is a
reasonable approach to overnight or weekend idleness. You can have
the computer hibernate after a specified period of non-usage or you
can manually hibernate it by going to START/TURN OFF COMPUTER and
clicking on HIBERNATE if it’s available or hold the SHIFT key down
and STANDBY becomes HIBERNATE.
Standby: Resumes operation
faster than from hibernation but uses slightly more power. Can be
scheduled after a short period of idleness. Best if you use the
computer several times a day and want it to resume in a hurry.
Laptops are limited as to how long they can stay in standby;
generally about day. Check your documentation.
Note: In either
standby or hibernate, a networked computer can be set to Resume on
LAN (Local Area Network). Thus, you can cause a networked computer
to respond if you need access to it from another network computer.
Closing the Laptop Lid: What
do you want the computer to do when you shut the lid? Hibernation is
a good choice unless you use it several times a day and then standby
may be better; the time difference to resume is small.
Controlling These Features:
If the power icon is shown in the system tray, you can RIGHT CLICK
on it and select ADJUST POWER PROPERTIES. If not, RIGHT CLICK on and
empty space on your desktop select PROPERTIES and then click on the
SCREEN SAVER tab. Then click on the box labeled POWER. There you can
choose what type of POWER SCHEME to use, when to turn devices off
and what state they should go to. Under ALARMS you can tell when and
how you want to be notified of a low battery. POWER METER shows the
meter that tells how much battery power is left. ADVANCED lets you
show select to show the battery power meter icon on the task bar,
and lets you choose what action your laptop will take if you shut
the cover and what your computer will do if you press the power
button. HIBERNATE allows you to activate the hibernate option. When
you click on START and TURN OFF COMPUTER you are presented with
three options; STANDBY, TURN OFF and RESTART. (Some may also show
HIBERNATE.) Point to STANDBY and press SHIFT and STANDBY becomes
HIBERNATE. When the power icon is shown in the task bar, you can
just point to it and it will tell you how much power is left if you
are on batteries.
We discussed how to maintain the
battery in your laptop. My Toshiba manual in one place says not to
leave it plugged in for more than a month at a time. Further on it
says if you're not going to use it in the next 8 hours, unplug it.
It also says that the battery should be run down at least once a
month.Sex Therapy, Flibanserin, and the FDA
October 29, 2014. As many of you know, in 2010 Boehringer Ingelheim failed to win approval from the FDA committee charged with evaluating flibanserin for something called Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder (HSDD) in women.
At the time, many observers argued that HSDD was a made-up disorder, invented to enrich drug manufacturers. The FDA’s committee members disagreed. They concluded that HSDD was real enough, but there wasn’t sufficient proof that flibanserin was effective for it.
After the negative FDA committee decision, Boehringer Ingelheim decided to sell its rights to flibanserin to another drug company, Sprout Pharmaceuticals, which plans to re-approach the FDA next year for approval of the drug.
It’s surely no coincidence that the FDA scheduled a public meeting this week to discuss issues in the diagnosis, measurement, and treatment of female sexual problems. As expected, “sexual medicine” advocates such as Even The Score are facing off against grassroots “anti-medicalization” groups led by the New View Campaign at the meeting. There are serious arguments to be made on both sides.
As an MD sex therapist, I’m a bit biased. We clinicians all have long lists of patients who haven’t been helped enough by our best current methods. We’re always in need of innovation. And nowhere is this more true than for sexual desire problems.
The Limits of Sex Therapy.
Yes, sometimes, but not always. And sometimes biological approaches yield results, especially in combination with effective counseling. I’ve known women whose sexual desire recovered with testosterone treatment when nothing else seemed to help.
Flibanserin, if it’s ever approved, is not a miracle drug. If I understand correctly, it’s effects are generally subtle. It’s not the iphone-6. American women aren’t going to be lining up to get it. But it does represent a new approach to the non-hormonal treatment for desire. And we’re always in need of new ideas—especially for something as notoriously hard to treat as loss of sexual desire.
Flibanserin has yet to unfold its secrets. There’s been discussion about whether it might help us treat sexual problems in patients on SRI’s (Prozac, Zoloft, etc). Sexual side effects of SSRI’s are one of the thornier problems in the mental health field. Like many of my colleagues in sex therapy and sexual medicine, I would be eager to see if flibanserin might be useful for sexual side effects in people with OCD, Panic Disorder, and other conditions for which there’s no good substitute for an SRI.
The Riddle of Women’s Sexual Desire
One principal problem that Boehringer Ingelheim faced in 2010 was figuring out how to measure changes in female sexual desire. In the initial flibanserin studies, the principal outcome measure (“number of sexually satisfying episodes”) was almost certainly too crude to capture what’s really important.
Many in the field think we need to rethink the concept of desire, at least when it comes to women.
A provocative paper by psychologist and sex expert Dr. Marta Meana in the Journal of Sex Research calls into question some of our basic assumptions about women’s sexual desire (Meana M: Elucidating Women’s (hetero)Sexual Desire: Definitional Challenges and Content Expansion, Journal of Sex Research 47:104, 2010).
It’s not clear, argues Meana, that we really know what we mean by desire. What a woman might call sexual desire may be more reflective of a feeling about herself as a sexual being, rather than about whether she wants to have sex. Meana argues that a woman in a state of desire might be perfectly content not to have sex at all. “Sex is not always the goal of women’s sexual desire,” she writes. ”Sometimes, the experience of sexual desire may be its own reward.” What’s being raised here is obviously something more subtle—perhaps close to what people refer to as “sexual aliveness”—than what’s generally discussed by sex researchers.
Today on twitter I saw lots of comments from this week’s FDA meeting about what’s known as “Patient Reported Outcomes (PRO’s),” which if I understand the term correctly means paying attention to what women themselves feel is important for their sexual well-being. That sounds like a fruitful approach. As my colleague Michael Krychman, MD wrote me from the FDA meeting, there seems to be general agreement that traditional measures such as “number of sexually satisfying episodes” represent not much more than “downstream events,” only remotely related to the primary action (if any) of the drug.
For those of you with a particular interest in understanding—and yes trying to measure—desire-related issues (and the patience to do a lot of reading), a full transcript of the proceedings of this week’s FDA meeting are to be published HERE soon. And for those of you with strong opinions on the subject, the FDA is interested in hearing from you HERE.
For me, as a physician and sex therapist, I’m interested in any new ideas that help me do my job better.
We are always in need of new ideas.
Follow Dr Snyder onCalifornia Wash Meets Need for Speed
The tower adds an architectural touch and allows for prominent signage.
Eighty miles northeast of downtown Los Angeles lies the town of Victorville, located in the Victor Valley of sunny San Bernardino County. Flanked by the towns of Apple Valley to the east and Hesperia to the south, this self-described “Key City of the High Desert” is home to almost 95,000 citizens — and the Victorville Speedwash, winner of the 2010 Western Carwash Association Rookie of the Year Award.
Known for its courteous and speedy service, Victorville Speedwash opened on November 10, 2009 and has averaged 20,000 to 25,000 cars per month. In fact, in its first calendar year of existence in 2010, it washed 220,000 cars. As of March 4, it washed 50,000 cars for 2011. Located on the corner of Bear Valley Road and Industrial Boulevard, the wash benefits from passing traffic either coming from or going to busy Interstate 15.
Co-owners Fred Simab and Pedram Fararooy had a vision to provide a fast, affordable, and fun alternative to car washing. They initially gave free $5 washes for 20 days as a promotion to introduce this new concept to the local community. Many of the customers who took advantage of the promotion actually remained as regular customers. Manager Mike Iglesias and nine employees have kept the car wash full of customers who enjoy the unique architecture. The modern design has lots of glass, and stands out amongst the neighboring franchises like In-N-Out Burger, McDonald’s, Starbucks, Wal-Mart, Target, and Home Depot.
The two-acre lot houses twin 125-foot MacNeil conveyors, which jut outside of shorter double 100-foot tunnels. MacNeil’s Envirosoft foam wash material, Blue Coral soap, and Ecolab wax are the only products that actually touch the vehicles. Ten MacNeil blowers in each tunnel enable Victorville Speedwash to keep its guarantee of clean, dry, and shiny cars within five minutes.
The building offers a distinct and recognizable image.
Washing after dark.
Double tunnel: twice as impressive.
Guidance through signage and gestures.
Through one tunnel, a view of the other.
Tunnel to the left, vacuum stations to the right.
Victorville Speedwash is design-ed with convenience and ease of use in mind. From its user-friendly ICS auto attendants with video instructions and touchscreen operation, to its guided conveyor and visual confirmation signs, customers are sure to have a unique and fun experience going through the car wash.
Simply drive up to one of the four express lanes, select the wash from an automated pay station and pay with cash, credit or gift card, or with drive-thru Speedpass RFID tags. Let guest-service attendants guide you on to the conveyor, and enjoy the ride.
Some of the local celebrities that have enjoyed the Victorville Speedwash ride have been Victorville Mayor Rudy Cabriales, members of the Oakland Raiders, and Ultimate Fighting Championship fighter Joe “Daddy” Stevenson.
At Victorville Speedwash, the most basic wash (Straight Away) starts at only $5. An additional tri-color conditioner and clear-coat protectant (Checkered Flag) takes you up to $8, while the Winner Circle includes all of the aforementioned services plus Rain-X body treatment, wheel cleaning, and Black Magic tire shine for $10. Free air fresheners are included with the latter two.
For the customer who visits frequently or is short on time, Victorville Speedwash offers unlimited club plans that can be paid utilizing Speedpass RFID tags. The Straight Away is $20, the Checkered Flag is $30, and the Winner Circle is $40 per month. Customers may take advantage of these plans at their convenience, and as often as they wish.
No matter which wash package the customer selects, it includes free Auto Vac self-serve vacuuming. Friendly attendants guide customers to one of four lanes, each with its own shaded vacuum stall and 16 hose drops, for a grand total of 64 vacuum hoses.
Ecolab’s biodegradable, eco-friendly soaps and a Pur-Clean reverse-osmosis system contribute to Victorville Speedwash’s green outlook. This is not lost on Victorville ‘s utility providers — such as the departments of water and power — who have fleet accounts with Victorville Speedwash.
Further discounts exist for current and former members of the U.S. Military, AAA or AARP members, and even for groups of five or more cars registered under the same credit card account.
Gift cards are available for all occasions and any denomination (as low as $5). Gift cards work just like a credit card at the Victorville Speedwash pay stations. They never expire, and offer the option to add funds at any time. If customers make a purchase of $25 or more, they receive a free wash for their own car.
Victorville Speedwash puts the fun back into fundraising by setting up a “FUNdraising Code” customers can enter to support a team, school, or place of worship. Entering the code results in a donation of $1 for each wash and $2 for each wash club purchase. The payment is automatically sent at the end of the event. In this way, Victorville Speedwash has helped the Victorville and Hispanic Chambers of Commerce give aid to parks around cities. In one single day, the wash donated $1,000 to the local youth program.
In a nod to the customers of tomorrow, Victorville Speedwash is also very kid-friendly. Free washes have been auctioned off or donated for cheerleading groups or little leagues. There are themes for each month, such as distributing Valentine hearts in February or Halloween candy in October. Puzzle stickers are also provided to kids with a hidden code that offers a free upgrade. Satellite radio plays music from the 1950s to 1980s to liven up the atmosphere.
The younger crowd has been instrumental in posting on Victorville Speedwash’s Facebook, Twitter, and Blogspot websites. The car wash has over 500 friends, and uses social networking for promotions and announcements.
Besides word of mouth and social media, the wash advertises on local radio, through National CineMedia amidst movie theater previews, on Time-Warner cable TV, and in coup-on books that reach 45,000 homes.
Victorville Speedwash is unique in the area due to the professional appearance of its employees, cleanliness of its property, extended hours (6 a.m. to 9 p.m.), ample lighting, convenient location, and easy accessibility. Stop by and witness it for yourself.
Bill Paris, a former Auto Laundry News staffer, is a freelance contributor based in Paramus, NJ.Ich bin ein Mainstreamer Vol…FULL REVIEW
2015 Volkswagen PassatMSRP: $21,340 - $35,995
2014 Volkswagen PassatMSRP: $20,845 - $34,265
2013 Volkswagen PassatMSRP: $20,845 - $33,525
2012 Volkswagen PassatMSRP: $20,590 - $32,950
2010 Volkswagen PassatMSRP: $27,195 - $28,755
Sponsored
2014 Volkswagen Passat$19,976 / 34,702 miles / PA
2014 Volkswagen Passat$17,777 / 31,060 miles / NY
2015 Volkswagen Passat$19,888 / 15,241 miles / NJ
TRENDING
Advertisement8 Delicious Ways Starbucks Has Tried to Take Over the World
EB&D Loaded Up and Truckin' Burger
Chef-owner Tim Byres (Food and Wine People's Best New Chef 2012) relies on an in-kitchen wood grill and smoke pit to smoke and cure almost every item on the menu. He serves his mega burger with a soft-cooked egg fritter, thick house-smoked bacon, and smoked sharp cheddar on a homemade honey roll.
Donut Burger with Bacon and.
What Do You Think?.
4 thoughts on “Cuil isn’t”
Heh. Just searched for ‘Five Chinese Crackers’ and got loads of links to me, but illustrated by pictures of Chinese people. Usually five of them.
It also has me in the category of American Children’s Writers.
I would tell you I’d done loads of searched for other people so you thought I wasn’t vain. But I never did.
Naf all for Question That. Rubbish.
(additionally, I'm *very* amused that the Elton John Band link above comes up with a picture of my dad. Who's also called John Band, facts-about-people-called-John-Band fans…)
And having done the same I find links to some extremely dodgy spam sites, which ask you to install software and won't take no for an answer. Google's quite neat now at flagging up dodgy sites. All the same, I wish them well. Google have got too much of a monopoly, and I don't like the fact that they keep search data …Its advisers are said to be reviewing all options for Europe's busiest ferry port, including outright privatisation – though this is not thought to be the favoured option for a business worth at least £250m even in the current markets.
Dover's review has been given added impetus by fresh guidance this month from the Department for Transport to Britain's major trust ports, noting that it would work with them to explore "options for commercialisation of assets". The DfT said this would include "looking at alternative business models, commercialisation and new market opportunities".
The seven largest trust ports – including Dover, Milford Haven, Tyne and Aberdeen – are classified as public corporations for Government accounting purposes.
Under the 1991 Ports Act, the Government can force them to privatise. While it has so far refrained from using these powers, some former trust ports, such as Tees & Hartlepool, Medway and Forth, have voluntarily opted for privatisation.
Tim Waggott, Dover's finance director, declined to name which advisers had been appointed, though he said: "We have a number of advisers on board."
He said privatisation was "one of the options, but it wouldn't be our favoured option". Even so, he stressed: "We have not ruled anything out." Neither would Rothschild or PwC comment. Any move to privatise the port could irk the workforce.
Options are being explored alongside plans to raise funding for another four roll-on roll-off berths in the Western Docks to handle predicted growth in cross-Channel traffic.
Dover has already spoken to potential third-party investors, including infrastructure funds, though the port has £43m net cash and could use mainly bank debt to finance the £420m Western Docks project.
Mr Waggott said Government forecasts predicted a 85pc growth in freight volumes over the next 20-30 years. "We will run out of space in the existing facilities over the next five to 10 years," Mr Waggott said, pointing out that the port currently handled goods with a value of £55bn a year. "Dover is largely an extension of the motorway network and we handle many of the most valuable shipments coming into the UK, including lots of white goods."
Dover will today publish its annual report, showing a resilient performance despite the recession. Revenues rose for the seventh successive year, up 5.3pc to £60.8m, while operating profits increased by 2pc to £15.1m.
Tourist car journeys were unchanged at 2.8m, though freight unit volumes fell 2.4pc to 2.3m in a market that Mr Waggott believed was down 14pc-15pc. Dover was a beneficiary, however, of the disruption caused by the fire in the Channel Tunnel as well as new routes, such as LD Lines' service to Dieppe.
"This is a robust business," Mr Waggott said, adding that the review of its status aimed to "deliver the right ports model for Dover".If you’re not already well stocked from past deals, Target is having a great deal on Q-Tips this week!
Here’s the deal:
Buy (4) Q-Tips 375 ct @ $2.69 each
Use (4) $.60 RecycleBank Q-Tip Coupon (30 Points each)
Get $5 Target Gift Card for buying 4
Final Price = $.84 each!
You should be able to print the RecycleBank twice. You can also use the $.30 or $1/2 MQ found in the 1/29 RP.
Thanks Totally Target for the deal and photo!
Friday 22 May, 2015 Updated 7:05
22 Feb 2013
Views: 1,059
Font Size:
a /
A
President Goodluck Jornathan
By Nume Horsfall
The Foundation for Value Transformation (FVT) has advised the government at all levels to initiate policies that will not make Nigeria a failed state by 2015.
Managing Director, FVT, Mr. Segun Caulcrick, gave this advice Thursday during a visit by his organisation to THISDAY’s corporate head office in Lagos.
The FVT visit was to raise awareness on values as well as to bring about value re-orientation in the country.
He stressed that unless policies aimed at uplifting a lot of poor people in the country were implemented, the projection that the country would be a failed state by 2015, may come to pass.
Caulcrick said: “You look forward 10 years from now and that time people are calling today the good old days with all the kidnapping and robbery, you can imagine what it would be like. What kind of situation would be in ten years’ time and so there is an urgent need to change the trend.
“What we have as social behaviour today, is a result of our rooted values. And if your values are corrupted somehow, there is no way you would not have functional behaviour. What impact this has is wasted resources. We have made so much and not achieving much.
“From research, it has shown that transformation does not take place without people re-addressing their values by choosing new values that can lead to a new mindset of behaviour. The president talks about transformation often it is just a good PR statement.”
According to Caulcrick, his foundation would fashion out strategies that stakeholders could adopt to help reposition the economy.
“FVT conducted a research called cultural value assessment that study looks at the values of Nigeria, a nationwide survey. With a purpose to get stakeholders together to promote good values and how we can drive them together, To use this as a dialogue to review constitution, to see how they can use the values to impact their laws as well,” he added.
Tags: News, Nigeria, Featured, FAILED STATE, FG, Devt...Posts Tagged ‘Female Authors’
Female Fantasy Authors and Their Female Leads3
March 8, 2010 by Reader's Connection
Central Library´s Mary Kay Greenawalt has sent in a list of Urban Fantasy titles with strong female characters that really get her going. Ilona Andrews writes the Kate Daniels…
Category Booklist | Tags: Female Authors, Urban FantasySurrey Mirror list all of the museums in Surrey. If you are looking for museums in the local area then you can find a good business and deal with Surrey Mirror!
Why not list your Surrey business on Surrey Mirror?
Address: The Literary Institute, High Street, EGHAM, TW20 9EW
Address: 9 The Causeway, , HORSHAM, RH12 1HE
Address: 62 West Street, , DORKING, RH4 1BS
Address: Spring Street, , EPSOM, KT17 1UF
Address: Priest House, North Lane, West Hoathly, EAST GRINSTEAD, RH19 4PP
Address: Bell Street, , REIGATE, RH2 7RL
Address: Belle Vue Farm, Effingham Road, Copthorne, CRAWLEY, RH10 3HZ
Address: Surrey Heath House, Knoll Road, CAMBERLEY, GU15 3HDAttack may derail effort to force Taliban into talks [nytimes.com]
View full sizeAn Afghan soldier is seen in a guard tower Sunday at a military base as civilians gather outside in Panjwai, Kandahar province south of Kabul, Afghanistan. Afghan President Hamid Karzai says a U.S. service member has killed more than a dozen people in a shooting including nine children and three women. Karzai called the attack Sunday "an assassination" and demanded an explanation from the United States.
Delays grow as rails age at NJ Transit [online.wsj.com]
Happy 100th birthday, Girl Scouts [pennlive.com]
A new battle for the USS New Jersey [philly.com]
Track's $100M trifecta? [app.com]ALDO Shoes | Extra 30% Off Sale Footwear + Extra 15% Off + Free Shipping 1. Extra 30% off all reduced footwear (prices reflect this discount) Women's Men's Clearance 2. Extra 15% off + free shipping w/ code ECDAY12 Flag this deal What's the matter? Choose a reason Dead deal Duplicate Bad link Spam Inaccurate No value Alive again Edit deal tpark6283 Oct 08, 2012 One of my favorite shoe stores, thanks for the code!!! Will be ordering in a few! Reply ArtemisDeals Oct 08, 2012 I will have to check out what they all have!! Even if I cant buy its nice to know prices for sales :) Reply poe601 Oct 08, 2012 Thanks for the coupon, love Aldo shoes and this discount helps out! Reply Load More Comments-
Most Recent Posts
- Diet Free Weekends – Overview + Sample Week
- 4 Exercise Ab Workout for a Shredded Six Pack
- A Personal Message from Mike Gillette
- #1 Quality of Elite – Level Athletes (NOT what you think!)
- [MEN] Muscle Camp TV – New FREE Video Series
- Simple Sprint Workout for Fat Loss
- MEN ONLY – Sunshine on Balls = 200% Testosterone Increase
- Overhead Press Mistake to AVOID (and how to fix it)
- 10 Banned Chemicals Still in the U.S. Food Supply (and 6 ways to AVOID them for good)
- Joint Mobility – My Morning Routine (84)
- Expert Interviews (15)
- Kettlebells (48)
- Miscelany (63)
- Motivational (29)
- Product Reviews (17)
- Supps (12)
- Uncategorized (5)
- Videos (74)
- Workout (220)
-
-
Monthly Archives: January 2011
Dumbbell and Body Weight Workout – 15 Minute Fat Blast
Lack of time is one of the top excuses for missing workouts. But it’s important to remember that something is better than nothing. It’s much better to do a short workout at your house in the 15 or 30 minutes … 
Posted in Videos, Workout 2 Comments
Boot Camp Exercise Ideas – TT Push Up Variations (video)
Push Ups are a staple of the workouts I do with the fitness boot camps I run here in Sacramento, CA. They’re an old-school exercise – but are still one of the best! You end up using almost every major … 
Posted in Videos, Workout Leave a comment
‘The Hated’ Kettlebell, Dumbbell and Bodyweight Workout (video)
Awesome workout video from Craig Ballentyne, MS, CSCS, and creator of Turbulence Training – uses kettlebells, dumbbells and your own body weight for a high intensity, full-body fat burner: To recap the workout: 1. Start out with three sets of … 
Posted in Videos, Workout Leave a comment … … Campgrounds near Depoe Bay
Browse 22 attractions, meet 16 travelers, 3 tour guides and discover 21 photos
Travelers are voting Fogarty Creek Rv Park, Camper Cove Campground and Sea And Sand RV Park as the best of 3 campgrounds near Depoe Bay. There are 3 campgrounds near Waldport a city just 30 km from Depoe Bay and 4 campgrounds near Willamina which is 35 km distant. The most popular of these are Fogarty Creek Rv Park near Waldport and Camper Cove Campground in Willamina. You can find 162 campgrounds in Oregon and 6213 campgrounds in the country of United States. Our members favorite in Oregon is Crane Prairie Campground and Logging Creek Campground is the top pick in United States. Want more? Check out our map of campgrounds near Depoe Bay.
Fogarty Creek Rv ParkTourist Essentials Campgrounds3340 N Highway 101, Depoe Bay, Oregon 97341, United States
Fogarty Creek RV Park is located two miles north of scenic Depoe Bay and eight miles south of Lincoln City on the beautiful Oregon coast.RV park offer…
-
Camper Cove CampgroundTourist Essentials Campgrounds19620 Highway 101 South Cloverdale, Oregon 97112, United States
Camper Cove RV Park and Campground, located just 12 miles south of Tillamook, Oregon.Campground offer 50 sites, including full hook-up RV…
Sea And Sand RV ParkTourist Essentials Campgrounds4985 N, Highway 101, Depoe Bay, Oregon 97341, United States
Sea And Sand RV Park is conveniently located on Highway 101 just three miles north of Depoe Bay on the central Oregon coastline and eight…
-
[Date Index]
[Thread Index]
[Author Index]
Systems of linear equations. "There are currently no items in your cart.
Vaudeville & Menuet
16 Easy to Intermediate Pieces from 18th Century France Violin (Flute or Oboe) and Keyboard
- Listen (33)
- Instrument:
-
- Format:
-
Vaudeville & Menuet (16 Easy to Intermediate Pieces from 18th Century France Violin (Flute or Oboe) and Keyboard). Composed by Various. Arranged by Jeremy Barlow. For Bassoon, Cello, Flute, Oboe, Piano, Violin (Violin). Schott. Book with CD. 60 pages. Schott Music #ED12862. Published by Schott Music (HL.49030534).
ISBN 1902455525. 9x12 inches.
These popular airs and dances, by composers such as Boismortier, Chédeville, Destouches, Grétry, Marais, Montéclair, and Mondonville, derive from the court, countryside and theatre.
- Marche pour les matelots (Marais)
- Air (Boismortier)
- Rondeau (Boismortier)
- Gigues 1 & 2 (Corrette)
- Vaudeville (Corrette)
- Les Graces et l'enjouement (Le Clerc)
- La chasse galante (Le Clerc)
- Gavotte and Air (Lagarde)
- Branle de Metz (Le Clerc)
- Airs 1 & 2 (Mondonville)
- Contredanses 1 & 2 (Mondonville)
- Air (Mondonville)
- Marche (Mondonville)
- Brunette 'Je suis charmÃ© d'une brune' (MontÃ©clair)
- Le Menuet Ã 4Â¯6 coupÃ© (Le Clerc)
- La chapeliÃ¨re (Le Clerc)
Buy Together
$19.95
$24.99
Vaudeville & Menuet
with
Hammerhead Music Stand Light
Buy both for $44.94
Customers Who Bought Vaudeville & Menuet Also Bought:
English Airs & Dances
$19.95
Thistle & Minuet
$24.95
Tune Up the Fiddle!
$19.95
Four Scottish Sonatas
$22.95
Allegro, Adagio E Follia
$22.95
English Fiddle Tunes
$19.95
Scottish Folk Tunes
$19.95
Broadway Favorites For Strings - Co...
$24.99
Music for Four, Christmas, Part 1 -...
$18.50
Rodgers & Hammerstein Favorite Melo...
$9.99
Play the 1st Flute with the Philhar...
$47.51
Always There
$1.75 $1.61
- Marche Pour Les Matelots
- Marche Pour Les Matelots
- Air
- Rondeau
- Brunette 'Je Suis Charme D'une Brune'
- Gigues 1&2
- Vaudeville
- Le Menuet A 4-6 Coupe
- La Chapeliere
- Les Graces Et L'enjouement
- La Chasse Galante
- Gavotte And Air
- Branle De Metz
- Airs 1&2
- Contredanses 1&2
- Air
- Marche
- Marche Pour Les Matelots (Playalong)
- Air (Playalong)
- Rondeau (Playalong)
- Brunette 'Je Suis Charme D'une Brune' (Playalong)
- Gigues 1&2 (Playalong)
- Vaudeville (Playalong)
- Le Menuet A 4-6 Coupe (Playalong)
- La Chapeliere (Playalong)
- Les Graces Et L'enjouement (Playalong)
- La Chasse Galante (Playalong)
- Gavotte And Air (Playalong)
- Branle De Metz (Playalong)
- Airs 1&2 (Playalong)
- Contredanses 1&2 (Playalong)
- Air (Playalong)
- Marche (Playalong)
- Tuning Track A=440
To play the media you will need to update yourFlash plugin.
Vaudeville & Menuet
16 Easy to Intermediate Pieces from 18th Century France Violin (Flute or Oboe)audeville & Menuet
16 Easy to Intermediate Pieces from 18th Century France Violin (Flute or Oboe) Classical Period Sheet Music Vaudeville Sheet MusicAmazon Produce Network adds position
Amazon Produce Network, Mullica Hill, N.J., has added a grower relations and logistics person.
David Ponce began working for the importer and marketer of mangoes in early August.
Ponce previously worked as a commercial representative for melons grower-shipper Agro Libano in Rottedam, Netherlands where he oversaw receiving containers.
Greg Golden, Amazon’s sales manager and co-owner, said Ponce should be a strong addition to the operation.
Brooks’ ships papayas in redesigned box
Brooks Tropicals Inc., Homestead, Fla., has switched to shipping its Caribbean red papayas in a new type of box.
Since January, Brooks has been increasing the packing of its fruit in the box that Mary Ostlund, director of marketing, calls a corner post box.
Replacing a former carton Brooks used that wasn’t as display ready, the new container has a shorter top and graphics, Ostlund said.
“For the past six months, the box has gone through a trial period where we tested its stability and rigidity,” she said. “Designing a papaya box isn’t easy. Papayas love humidity while cardboard doesn’t.”
Brooks had machinery built to the company’s specifications to construct a box that provides optimal fruit protection while giving papayas the humid environment, Ostlund said.
She said Brooks has received strong retailer feedback on the packs.
Besides its Belize papayas, Brooks is a leading grower, packer and shipper of south Florida avocados and starfruit, Mexican limes, Jamaican Uniq fruit and ships smaller volumes of other tropicals.
Central American Produce moves offices
Central American Produce Inc., Pompano Beach, Fla., has moved its offices to a new location.
The year-round grower-shipper of mangoes, pineapples, melons and vegetables relocated from its Atlantic Boulevard location it had been at for 27 years to a newer building on Park Central Boulevard off of Military Trail, about a mile away from its aging building, said Michael Warren, president.
“Our offices are in a nicer and cleaner environment, and in an area that is more conducive to working,” he said. “There are open windows all around and it has nice tropical landscaping that allows us to take in the natural Florida beauty.”
Central American made the move in February.
Marketing veteran joins
J&C Tropicals
J&C Tropicals Inc., Miami, has brought in a marketing veteran to lead its marketing efforts.
Jeanette Rodriguez became vice president of marketing for the grower-shipper on July 1.
An art director, Rodriguez worked at a Manhattan, N.Y. agency on the Este Lauder contract before returning to Miami a decade ago to run her full service marketing and interactive design and development agency where she served numerous industries.
The Miami native began consulting for J&C in June before accepting the full-time marketing position.
“The goal here is to solidify the brand and create more industry awareness within the tropicals category about this company,” Rodriguez said.
Additionally, J&C plans to give its website a makeover.
J&C plans to launch its redesigned website in October in time for the Produce Marketing Association’s Fresh Summit 2010 in Orlando, Fla.
Mango Board releases crop report app
The Orlando, Fla.-based National Mango Board has released a Web-based crop report application.
The application is based on information from the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Market News Service and allows retailers and foodservice operators to discover trends and pull prices to plan promotions and recipes.
The customizable reports feature more than five years of mango crop data, including prices and volume and have options such as exporting country, date range and entry port.
William Watson, executive director, said the board has fielded many requests for the information.
“We wanted to collect it all and be the conduit for bringing a lot of this information together because we want to drive our stakeholders to our website and continue to build value in that area,” he said. “We developed a way to pull a lot of information from multiple sources together in one spot and make it easy for the user.”
The reports can also be exported to Excel spreadsheets.
The app can be found at.
Southern Specialties expands warehouse
Southern Specialties Inc. in late summer was expanding its warehouse capacity at its Pompano Beach, Fla., headquarters and distribution facility.
The grower, importer and shipper was having engineers design space in an adjacent warehouse that Southern Specialties plans to use as expanded warehouse space.
Once completed, the company plans to move its fresh-cut processing operation into the new area, which is a little more than 100,000 square feet, said Charlie Eagle, vice president of business development.
Southern Specialties markets specialty produce such as green beans, baby vegetables, asparagus, berries and specialty peppers, specialty tomatoes and specialty lettuce from the U.S., Canada, Central America and South America.
Amazon Produce Network adds positionClomid users??
50mg Cd 3-7..
I woke up this morning and my period has stopped?
I was on Cd 3 so it was still pretty heavy flow..is this normal??
The second rd my period was really light an short
This didnt happen to me, but I had been on progesterone before that to bring on my period. It may have not stopped all the way, is that possible? Either way call the doc! :) GL
I've done about 12 rounds over the past 8 years and I've never had that happen (I usually take Provera though to make me have a period so I don't know if that changes anything). I'd probably call the dr and just get their opinion :)
I was on it for 6 months. My period only started being really light this month. Kind of weird because in order to get a refill on it, I have to be seen by the Dr again. I go in 2 weeks.
on Feb. 25, 2013 at 12:26 PM
- angray08METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK
METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK; Mob Indictment Accuses 10 Men on Staten Island
Published: September 2, 1998
Ten members of the Staten Island arm of the Lucchese crime family were indicted yesterday on charges including drug trafficking and murder.
The indictment alleges that between Jan. 1, 1990, and Feb. 28, 1995, the Port Richmond Crew distributed cocaine in New York and Pennsylvania and engaged in extortion, loan sharking, money laundering and murder. The indictment was handed up in Federal District Court in Brooklyn.
Lewis D. Schiliro, assistant director in charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation's office in New York, said the murder victim was George Van Name, 23, a Federal witness who was shot four times in the head on Nov. 20, 1990. Mr. Van Name was the brother of a defendant, Kevin Van Name, who is charged along with Michael Bloome with attempting to kill a person in 1994 who had cooperated with Federal authorities.
Mr. Bloome, along with another man, is also charged with murder in the death of the owner of a Staten Island car service business.2013 USA Nationals Article
Creole – Women’s AA
With a slightly better turnout than last year of Women’s AA teams, this year USAV still decided to schedule one large 10-team pool for round robin that lasted the first three days of the tournament. A 3-0 start on the first day put our team in a good position moving into Monday, and we improved to 5-0 after a two solid wins Monday afternoon. The final Monday match was against our longtime nemesis, Wasabi, and we suffered a close loss to this solid team to end the day. However this loss did not cause us to lose momentum as we came back in our first match Tuesday with a quick win. Pool play finished out with two more tough matches, including a very tough loss in the third game 23-21 rounded out by a third game win 15-13 late on Tuesday night as we closed down the convention center. After three solid days of pool play, Creole moved into Gold playoffs seeded 3rd with a 7-2 pool play record.
The first Gold match bright and early Wednesday morning was against the 2nd seed, Wasabi, which was a well fought match but Wasabi pulled away to win at the end of the third game 15-12. Creole was then sent to the Gold loser’s bracket to face the team they lost to in 3 the last day of pool play. Hungry for revenge, Creole fought point-for-point to split the first two games 20-25 and 28-26. We kept fighting in game three but in the end could not finish for the win, losing 16-14. Thus ended Creole’s run for gold, and an unsatisfying 4th place finish. It was a disappointing end to the tournament after such a strong showing in pool play, but we are looking for redemption in 2014!Let’s be honest: women and video games go together like peanut butter and giraffes. That’s why it’s so entertaining when these two pursuits of man collide. Here’s another woman completely losing her wits after playing “Call Of Duty” with her boyfriend (presumably), which is a terrible, terrible idea from the start. And of course, she doesn’t take kindly to getting blown away ad infinitum.
I have no idea why this video is bleeped out for the first 45 seconds or so, and then not at all for the remainder. Anyway, this broad flips. The eff. Out. She’s barely understandable, but that’s probably because she’s Australian or, like most women, possessed by Satan. UPDATE: Original video uploaded, which looks even faker than the stream posted yesterday.
i call fake on this one… when she picks up the xbox, if you’ll notice, she doesnt unplug the cords, yet there are no cords attached to it (and its not like she yanked it for them to pull out)… stunt…
She seems nice.
def fake.
Her pickin the xbox up like that woulda pulld that 20 pound TV with it.
Plus… if it was real, she would have beee in the kitchen.
fucking newb.
You can tell it’s fake b/c in real life that guy’s dating an order of chili-cheese fries.
totally fake. also, my girlfriend kicks my ass at MK vs DC on the xbox.
And that’s what happens when you date a harpie, and then give here a controller.
That’s what happens when you date a guy who still plays video games.
Fake indeed, also fairly certain this girl is English, not Australian.
@D, how can you tell the difference?
/sees “co.uk” URL at the end of the video
i like the big black dildo in the front
Good call Enrico. If you consider yourself a “gamer” or plan any of your day around playing video games, then you are a friggin dork and you need to drop to your knees immediately and thank sweet Jesus that he caused a girl to even talk to you.
Good call with the url JOSH, also I am english, so that helps…definitely don’t sound like that though, luckily.
Nobody has mentioned ANOTHER reason it’s obviously fake…who would set up a video camera to record them playing xbox?Bern:Ballett – Clara, Howl, London
Bern:Ballett is one of the few significant European ballet companies run by a woman, its artistic director being British choreographer Cathy Marston. For its latest UK appearance, the company presents the London premiere of Marston's own new work, Clara. Inspired by the passionate relationships Clara Wieck formed with Robert Schumann and Johannes Brahms, the two composers to whom she was muse, the work explores love and friendship. While Wieck and Schumann were known to be lovers, this work poses the question of how close Clara came to Brahms. Completing the double bill is Howl, a work by Andrea Miller that explores the dynamic of mob mentality, violence and war. It's a tough, visceral piece that ratchets up the Bern:Ballet mix of classical and contemporary styles.
Linbury Studio Theatre, WC2, Wed to 28 May
Peter Schaufuss Ballet: Romeo & Juliet, Llandudno, Eastbourne
Ten years before Kenneth MacMillan created his now classic version of Romeo And Juliet, Frederick Ashton choreographed a setting of the Prokofiev score for Royal Danish Ballet. In contrast to the mass scale choreography, Ashton's version was intimate and classically styled. A couple of decades ago Peter Schaufuss brought this version back to England, when he was still artistic director of English National Ballet. Now, as director of his own Holstebro-based ballet company, he's staged it again, in a chamber version with a cast of just 12. This production – with the original costume designs by Peter Rice and new sets by Luciano Melin – is currently on a small UK tour before returning to London in the summer when it will feature two major Russian dancers, Natalia Osipova and Ivan Vasiliev, as guest stars in the title roles.
Venue Cymru, Llandudno, Sun; Congress Theatre, Eastbourne, Mon & Tue
Rambert Dance Company, London
Rambert has long had a light and clever touch with its repertory, mixing often surprising revivals with new commissions. In this special season to celebrate its 85th anniversary there's a rare performance of Paul Taylor's Roses. An evocation of love and mutability, it shows Taylor at his most lyrically expressive. Also featured in this Wells season is the London premiere of Monolith, a work by Tim Rushton showcasing his distinctively dark, burnished musical style. There's also a return of the spiky, surreal cabaret world of Henrietta Horn's Cardoon Club set to a hugely engaging score by Benjamin Pope that references 60s blues and psychedelic music. Music will be played live by the Rambert Orchestra.
Sadler's Wells, EC1, Tue to 28 May
• This article was amended on 23 May 2011. The original referred to Barn:Ballett and Bren:Ballett. This misspelling has been corrected.I'm having a big problem with lsphp5. Every few hours, dozens of lsphp5 processes accumulate without closing for sometime, which make server load jump over the roof (200 - 350 CPU load!). This began on our Cpanel server, after we upgraded both LSWS to latatest 4.0.12 plus PHP latest 5.2.x series PHP 5.2.12 We've downgraded LSWS back to 4.0.11, but problem is not yet completely gone, only takes longer to show up. We're using eaccelerator which we've set to use /dev/shm/eaccelerator On LSWS settings We're also using; Configuration -> Server - Cache; with following settings; Storage Path /backup/cache (using indepedent drive to minimize i/o on web server) Max Object Size - 1024000 Cache Expire Time (seconds) - 120 secs Configuration -> Server - External App; with following settings; Environment; PHP_LSAPI_MAX_REQUESTS=50000 PHP_LSAPI_CHILDREN=100 LSAPI_MAX_IDLE_CHILDREN=60 Max Connections - 100 Instances - 1 Initial Request Timeout (secs) - 60 Persistent Connection - No Connection Keepalive Timeout - 60 Max Idle Time - 3 We've to manually SSH into the server & do command; killall lsphp5 to stop the crazy overload. We have high traffic sites on the server, & all has been working perfectly well until 5 days ago when we did the two upgrades above. Is this a compatibility issue between PHP 5.2.12 & eAccelerator? George also suggests to check opcode cache on the server, what does this mean? Or how do we check other opcode cache on the server? Finally what is lshttpd process? Is it connected to lsphp5? Is it also supposed to close after a short time? We've noticed it showing as well along side the lsphp5, although it's only one process. Please help? This is causing downtimes to the sites every day!Full name Kumar Shri Ghanshyamshinhji Daulatsinhji Jhalla Limbdi
Born October 23, 1902, Limbdi Palace, Gujarat
Died November 10, 1964, Bhavnagar, Gujarat (aged 62 years 18 days)
Major teams Western India
Batting style Right-hand bat
Relation Brother-in-law - Maharaja of Porbandar, Cousin - KS Duleepsinhji
A forcing right-hand batsman, strong through the covers, he learnt his cricket at The Leys in Cambridge and played a few games in India, usually as captain, where he showed reasonable form. He has the connections and the ability to be selected as vice-captain for the 1932 India tour of England, although he did nothing on the trip scoring 154 runs at 9.62. Like his brother-in-law, the Marharaja of Porbandar, the captain, he sat out India's Test debut, although in his case a back injury contributed to his absence. He played little after his return, although he came back after a nine-year absence aged 40 to lead Western India to a Ranji TrophyReturn of long-missing persons remains rare
PHOENIX -- Retired Phoenix Police Sgt. Andy Hill said the discovery of three women missing for a decade brings hope that more missing children will be found.
Hill said the Cleveland case brought to mind 11-year-old Mikelle Biggs who vanished in 1999 near her Mesa home. She has never been found.
"Makes you wonder about cases like that. Is it possible that they were taken and are still alive? That's a very difficult situation for parents of missing kids," Hill said.
"You want closure but even if there's a glimmer of hope, you want to believe it's possible. Although in Mikelle's case there was enough evidence to indicate that she's probably not. You never know so we continually go back and review cases."
Former Phoenix Police Sgt. Paul Penzone said statistically, the chances of an abducted child being found alive remainThanks! Why are you flagging this item?
Cancel
Illustration Details
- Illustration ID#:
- 11184505
- Illustration
More From Artist
Load more resultsOnyx in deal to manage India hotel
Dubai, January 29, 2012
Onyx Hospitality Group, a Thailand-based hotel management company, said it has inked an agreement with Apna Punjab Resorts to operate a 127-suite hotel in India under its cornerstone mid to upscale Amari brand.
The hotel, to be located on Canal Road in Ludhiana, the business capital of Punjab, is expected to open in the second half of 2012, he company said in a statement.
The hotel 'Amari Ludhiana' will feature 127 spacious guestrooms with a courtyard lobby, reception and lounge located within a grand atrium space of approximately 1400 sq m.
"This project will mark the entry of the Amari brand into India and, it is therefore a very significant milestone for us,” said Peter Henley, president and CEO of Onyx Hospitality Group.
“Ludhiana is a thriving city and we look forward to working with Apna Punjab Resorts to make Amari Ludhiana the city’s leading hotel both in terms of its accommodation as well as its extensive catering facilities.”
Agyapaul Singh, owner of Apna Punjab Resorts said, “We have long known of Amari and its enviable reputation for service, food and spa facilities in Thailand. We are truly delighted to have this instrumental role in creating the first Amari property in India.”
"Ludhiana is a vibrant and growing destination, with a strong demand for weddings and banquets amongst both the local and non-resident communities," he added.-TradeArabia News ServiceNBA All-Star Weekend 2011: Chris Brown, Keri Hilson, Christina Milian, Rick Ross, Diddy, Melody Thornton, Amber Rose
A jubilant Chris Brown raided the After-School All-Stars Hoop Heroes Salute launch party hosted by LeBron James and Arnold Schwarzenegger at Katsuya in downtown Los Angeles during NBA All-Star Weekend on Friday (Feb. 18). The celebration continued as Breezy hosted a party at Boulevard3 in Hollywood. “Blvd 3 is going ham!!!!!!!!!” he told his Twitter fam.
Check out more of your favorite stars including Keri Hilson, Christina Milian, Rick Ross, Diddy, and Melody Thornton getting into the celebratory spirit ahead of Sunday’s All-Star Game.
Keri Hilson picked up some free swag at the Backstage Creations Celebrity Retreat at Shaq’s All-Star Weekend at the Nokia Theatre L.A. Live. She will perform at tomorrow’s NBA All-Star pre-game show along with fellow singer-songwriter Bruno Mars.
Christina Milian kicked it in all black at the Nike celebration with Kanye West and Kobe Bryant at Drai’s Hollywood.
Shortly before announcing his Maybach Music/Warner Bros. deal, a denim-clad Rick Ross caught up with Dwight Howard at his NBA All-Star Weekend celebration prior to hosting a paid gig with Nicki Minaj in downtown L.A.
The downpour couldn’t stop Diddy from overseeing ceremonies at his 2011 NBA All-Star Weekend event at Avalon nightclub.
Melody Thornton rocked her red heels to Diddy’s All-Star bash in Hollywood.
Amber Rose shimmered in a multi-colored cocktail dress at the Bacardi Gold VIP reception during Shaq’s All-Star Weekend Comedy Jam.INDEPENDENT MEDIA
Durban through a lens
Duncan Guy visits a photographic exhibition hosted by Durban Tourism and the National Geographic Traveller magazine.Read Story
WASHINGTON POST
It’s rocking in Rio de Janeiro
With a national park and rainforest at its heart and wild beaches off the beaten track, Rio de Janeiro is a city of secret oases, writes Dina Mishev.Read Story
.
When to doubt your hotel booking
Hotels are fighting third-party sites, not just because of confusion, but also because they would prefer to take your reservation directly.Read StoryReader: Racism, sexism, bigotry and hate aren't satire, no matter what Mike Rosen says are two very different takes on the controversy.
First up is Zac, who writes:
leave it to the right wing to classify their Racism, sexism, bigotry, and hate as "Satire" even though they get all riled up and cheer when their leaders and mouthpieces are being such "satirists." Sarah Palin calling Katie Couric's softball, basic, low IQ questions - "gotcha" questions is satirical. Thats what you get for cutting education budgets...people who cheer for violence and racism, and dont know what satirical means.
Wrong, maintains druid0621:
This just goes to show that liberals have no sense of humor, which also points to an absence of intellectual prowess. The difference between liberals and conservatives is simple: liberals emote, while conservatives think.
Check out the previous winner in ourAlready qualified? Stay on top of your game and progress your career through Continued Professional Development (CPD) courses starting from as little as £99. CPD is an essential if you are to maintain your Register of Exercise Professional accreditation.
Join us and reach a new level of Personal Training.
Functional Fitness CoursesAn unrivalled portfolio of the highest quality functional training courses to allow you to create exciting and dynamic programmes for your clients.
Group Exercise CoursesA range of ‘group exercise’ training courses to allow you to design and deliver group exercise.
Advanced Skills CoursesBecome a specialist. A range of qualifications offering varying career pathways from sports coaching through to pre and post natal care..
International marriage equality efforts have faced roadblocks from a variety of religious sources. The Catholic Church in Scotland, led by Cardinal Keith O’Brien, has been at the forefront of anti-marriage equality efforts in that country. The Catholic Church in France has launched a similar effort against both marriage equality and adoption by gay and lesbian couples in response to Socialist President Francois Hollande efforts to enact marriage equality by 2013. While the Catholic hierarchy and a conservative group within the Presbyterian Church in New Zealand have voiced opposition to a marriage equality bill in that country, 57 clergy from Anglican, Presbyterian and Methodist churches co-signed a letter rejecting the Catholic Church’s position. Other encouraging news comes from Nepal, where a recently passed law granting full equality to LGBT people has garnered no reaction from religious leaders.
On August 15, Dan Savage, founder of the It Gets Better Project, sat down to dinner with Brian S. Brown, president of the National Organization for Marriage, to debate the (Christian) Bible and LGBT equality. Both men are Catholic; Savage was born into an Irish Catholic family and attended parochial school but is now lapsed, while Brown was raised Quaker and converted in College. In the end, both Savage and Brown felt the hour-long debate, which can be seen on Youtube, was pointless. Neither changed his position nor acknowledged any of the other’s points.
Many people seem to be asking whether or not Christianity really is opposed to LGBT people and marriage. Jamie McGonnigal argues in the Huffington Post that, while most anti-LGBT equality groups claim to be fighting for something (so-called traditional marriage, family values, etc.) they are actually fighting equality under the guise of Christianity. Rev. J. McRee Elrod, a retired Unitarian Universalist minister agrees, noting that two of the most beautiful love stories in the Bible are between people of the same gender: David and Jonathan, and Ruth and Naomi. In a letter to other Christians encouraging dialogue and listening with an open mind, Richmond Schmidt says: “God tears down walls where we would form lines. […] act justly, love mercy and walk humbly with God. Preserving values is great. Valuing love is better still.”
Baptist
Transgender DNC delegate delivers sermon at local church
Charlotte Observer, August 26, 2012
Catholic
Catholic Church in Scotland steps up campaign against gay marriage
The Guardian, August 26, 2012
Anti-LGBT Archbishop tapped to give closing prayer at Democratic Convention
LGBTQ Nation, August 28, 2012
Newly-Appointed SF Archbishop, 'Father of Prop 8', Arrested in San Diego DUI
Towleroad, August 28, 2012
Christian
Biblical idea of marriage cherry-picks passages
Vic News, August 17, 2012
Arsonist Destroys Ohio Church
Box Turtle Bulletin, August 21, 2012
Is It Christian to Be Anti-Gay?
Huffington Post, August 21, 2012
After Dinner, the Fireworks
New York Times, August 22, 2012
A Call for Conversation From a Gay Christian: To My Fellow Christians
Huffington Post, August 23, 2012
Right-wing Groups Seek to Ban Wayne Besen From Fox
The Advocate, August 23, 2012
The deciding LGBT issue that Christians cannot ignore
John Shore, August 23, 2012
An Open Letter to LGBT or Same-Sex Attracted Freshmen at Christian Colleges and Universities
Odd Man Out, August 24, 2012
Leave religious agenda out of anti-bullying efforts
Times-Republican, August 26, 2012
Episcopal
Episcopal Bishop Champions Gay Marriage: PW Talks with Gene Robinson
Publishers Weekly, August 24, 2012
Evangelical
After Gay Son’s Suicide, Mother Finds Blame in Herself and in Her Church
New York Times, August 24, 2012
LGBT group cancels protest because church is 'too nice'
Examiner, August 28, 2012
Hindu
Hindus in Nepal shun homophobia
Asia Times, August 28, 2012
Interfaith
TEXAS FAITH: Chick-fil-A’s moment in the news
Dallas News, August 14, 2012
In the Spirit: Congregations take pride in parade
Wisconsin State Journal, August 26, 2012
International
Gay couple married in US feted at Malaysia banquet
Mercury News, August 6, 2012
French Catholic Church targets gay marriage
Associated Press, August, 15, 2012
First openly gay United Church moderator reaches out to Vancouver flock through Cohen and jazz
The Vancouver Sun, August 23, 2012
South African pastor blames gay men, lesbians and feminists for ‘culture of death’
Pink News, August 23, 2012
Priests attack gay marriage in strongly-worded letter read out across Scotland's 500 churches
Mail Online, August 26, 2012
Nepal: Religious leaders remain silent over legalisation of LGBT rights
Pink News, August 27, 2012
Wanganui vicar welcomes gays
Wanganui Chronicle, August 29, 2012
Jewish
Orthodox and Coming Out…As an Ally
My Jewish Learning, August 17, 2012
Back Bay Synagogue Caters to LGBT Jews
Edge, August 28, 2012
Marriage Equality
Fighting at the ballot box for the right to marry
CBS News, August 26, 2012
‘Religious liberty’ for me — but not for thee
LGBTQ Nation, August 26, 2012
Methodist
Clergy, laity group asks censure of Bishop Talbert over gay rights activism
United Methodist Reporter, August 24, 2012
Breast Milk, Homosexuality, and Being United Methodist
Methodist Federation for Social Action, August 29, 2012
Metropolitan Community Church
Emerald City MCC Seattle Calls a New Interim Pastor and Gets Its Groove Back
The Seattle Lesbian, August 28, 2012
Muslim
Can You Be Gay And Muslim? Yes.
Colombo Telegraph, August 21, 2012
Parisians celebrate being gay and Muslim at end of Ramadan
Gay Star News, August 28, 2012
United Church of Christ
Will You Marry Me? The Bible and Marriage Equality
Huffington Post, August 24, 2012
Unitarian Universalist
Gay rights group asks Jackson City Council to support human rights ordinance
M Live, August 14, 2012
An Open Letter to Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council: Let's Talk About Hate
Huffington Post, August 20, 2012
Marriage Equality Supporters to Gather Sunday at Northlake Unitarian
Kirkland Patch, August 23, 201212 December 2011 - One of the stormiest periods the UK has seen for several years is set to continue this week with heavy rain, strong winds and snow for parts of the country.
The end of the week in particular could see some very stormy conditions across England and Wales. The Met Office is keeping a close eye on this developing situation to keep everyone up-to-date with the latest information.
This week has already seen some heavy rain and winds gusting up to 70mph in the south of England. Further strong winds are expected today in northern England, southern Scotland and Northern Ireland, with gusts up to 80mph possible on exposed parts of the coast and 50-60mph further inland.
Snow is expected in northern areas today and tomorrow, although there is the risk that any part of the UK could see some snow flurries.
Tomorrow looks bright and breezy for most places, but early indications are that there is a potential for another storm system to affect parts of England and Wales later on Thursday and into Friday.
Transcript for stormy weather for the UK
(PDF, 81 kB)
Tim Hewson, Chief Forecaster at the Met Office, said: "There is some uncertainty in the forecast for later in the week, but there is potential for a storm which may bring strong winds and heavy rain to parts of the UK, and possibly colder air to more northern areas - which could continue the risk of snow, particularly for higher ground, in the north.
"We are keeping a close eye on the situation and are working closely with government agencies to keep them informed of the latest information. Our forecasts and weather warnings are updated regularly 24 hours a day, so we advise everyone to regularly check these to stay up-to-date with the situation."
Met Office Press Office: +44 (0)1392 886655
Met Office Customer Centre: 01392 885680
If you're outside the UK: +44 1392 885680
Last updated: 28 December 2011Only 1 Left In Stock! Buy Now!
Philips sdw5202o/17
- Factory Sealed
1 Left
- • Brand new
• Original manufacturer packaging
• Full manufacturer warranty
- Factory Sealed products are new, in original manufacturer packaging, and carry a manufacturer warranty.
27%
Enjoy premium picture quality with virtually no signal loss. The SDW5202O connects satellite, antenna and digital cable sources to components. Transferring the signal at a far greater speed than standard coaxial cable minimizes signal loss, so you enjoy optimum picture quality and data transfer. Pliable PVC sheathing surrounds the cable, protecting it from wear and tear and ensuring long-term<<Benton City Murder Suspect Trial Pushed Back
The trial for a Benton City murder suspect is pushed back 3 months.
Noah Matlack's defense attorney is not fully prepared to begin January 21st.
The new trial date is set for April 28th.
Matlack is charged with 1st-degree murder for allegedly stabbing Mike Edwards to death in September of last year.
Edwards' body was found behind the Assembly of God Church in Benton City.This programme bears about as much resemblance to reality as a badger does to a stealth bomber. The latest episode started with Nikki Alexander (Emilia Fox) becoming distressed as she performs an autopsy on an eight-year-old girl, who has been brutally raped and murdered. "Never look into their eyes," she says.
We're only human, and it can be difficult to deal with murder cases: the forensic pathologist on the Joanna Yeates case will have spent Christmas day in a ditch with a strangled girl. But the last thing we do is get all woe-is-me about it. The only way we can help the victims is by trying to find out how they died. And a forensic pathologist has to look in a cadaver's eyes – it's one way to tell whether they've been strangled.
Alexander and her team work in a very flash laboratory, with touch-screen computers like something out of the film Minority Report. In reality, our working conditions are more like a Jack the Ripper film – we usually work in hospital mortuaries, some of which date back to Victorian times. And we don't swan around dead bodies wearing designer clothes and stilettos either.
At one point, we see one of the pathologists cut open a skull and remove a dead man's brain. The way he does this is quite accurate – he peels back the skin, as we would do, and then removes the bone in one large chunk. But we tend to remove organs from the torso in one go, whereas here we see livers and hearts lifted out individually. It's just all about the shock factor.
I'm not stupid: I know this show is more about entertainment. But I do think it's quite damaging. We get students coming on placements who say, "What are we doing today?" And when I say, "Performing three autopsies and then writing up the reports", they look disappointed. They've probably watched Silent Witness, and so they expect us to be zooming all over town solving crimes. The reality is somewhat calmer – but a lot more professional.
• Silent Witness is on BBC1 at 9pm on Mondays and Tuesdays.- News
- Sports
- Opinion
- Obituaries
- Features
- Special Sections
- Classifieds
- Public Notices
Mr. and Mrs. Clint Bowyer are please to announce the engagement of their son, Justin Bowyer, to Lindsey Pirtle. Lindsey is the daughter of Dr. Scott Pirtle and Heidi Pirtle of Las Cruces. Justin is a graduate of Los Alamos High School and a New Mexico State University graduate with both a bachelor’s and master’s degree in mechanical engineering. Justin is currently employed at Los Alamos National Laboratory. Lindsey is a graduate of Las Cruces High School and received her bachelor’s degree in merchandising and marketing from New Mexico State University. Lindsey is currently employed at Los Alamos High School. The couple plan to wed in September 2012.Gun training classes booked solid for months
Gun training and safety courses in Cleveland are booked solid for the next eight weeks as new gun owners sign up to learn how to properly handle their firearm in the wake of the Connecticut school shooting. VPC
Join the Nation's Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsThis is a continuation of applicant's prior application Ser. No. 464,356, filed Jan. 12, 1990, now abandoned.
1. Field of the Invention
This invention pertains to self-defense devices, and more particularly to a device adapted to stun an assailant by projecting an electrically charged fluid.
2. Prior Art
Various non-lethal self-defense weapons exist in the prior art. For example, hand held devices capable of delivering an electric charge to an assailant are well known. However, such devices require the user to be in close proximity to the assailant for contacting the assailant with a high voltage element on the device. For obvious reasons, this is undesirable. U.S. Pat. No. 4,034,497 to Yanda discloses a self-defense device having a reservoir of liquid which is heated by detonation of a cartridge prior to projection at an assailant. While this device allows the user to maintain a safe distance from the assailant, heated liquid is not perceived as effective a deterrant as an electric shock.
It is, therefore, an object of the present invention to provide a self-defense device which allows the user to electrically shock an assailant while maintaining a safe distance from the assailant and protecting the user from shock.
It is a further object of the invention to provide a reliable self-defense device which projects an electrically charged fluid at an assailant for stunning the assailant thereby repelling an attack.
A further object of the invention is to provide a self-defense device which employs a high voltage electrical source in combination with an electrically conductive fluid to provide a desired stun effect.
A still further object of the present invention is to provide a stun gun which is convenient to handle and which maximizes the electrical potential transferrable to the target.
Still another object of the invention is to provide a portable device which projects a fluid stream, or dual fluid streams, light emitting in transit to, or upon contact with, a target.
The present invention provides a self-defense device comprising at least a fluid reservoir; first and second fluid ejection nozzles; means for conducting fluid from the fluid reservoir to the nozzle, said fluid reservoir, said fluid conducting means and said nozzles defining first and second fluid paths; a current generating means in electrical communication with the fluid path for charging fluid and means for producing high voltage therefrom in the fluid path; and means for forcing fluid from the reservoir through the nozzle for ejecting electrically charged first and second fluids at a target.
These as well as further objects and advantages of the present invention will be more fully apparent from the following detailed description and annexed drawings.
In the drawings, wherein like numerals represent like parts:
FIG. 1 is a partly schematic, partly diagrammatic view of a first embodiment of a stun gun in accordance with the invention having two fluid reservoirs, two barrels and two pumps;
FIG. 2 is another such view showing an embodiment of a stun gun having a single reservoir, two barrels and a single pump;
FIG. 3 is yet another such view showing a further embodiment of a stun gun with a modified fluid ejection means;
FIG. 3(a) and FIG. 3(b) are views of typical flap valves; and
FIG. 4 is a view of a modification of the fluid ejection means of FIG. 3.
A stun gun in accordance with the present invention generally includes one or two reservoirs having a filling port for introducing a fluid, preferably liquid, and a one-way vent for maintaining air pressure on the liquid as the reservoir level drops. A handle portion includes a battery power supply, a trigger-style on-off switch for accessing the power supply, and a trigger guard. Each of two barrels communicates at its proximal end with a reservoir and at its distal end with a nozzle, the reservoir, barrel and nozzle collectively defining a fluid path. The nozzle is metal and preferably includes a venturi orifice. The stun gun will typically have a high voltage source mounted on the barrel and will include a housing comprised, for example, of electrically non-conductive polypropylene, to house the parts illustrated and to protect the user from electric shock. The housing may, for example, have a conventional "hand gun" shape.
An electrically activated fluid pump for pumping fluid from the reservoir mounted on the barrel is connected to the battery by wires. The pump optionally includes a gate retractable when the pump is activated for blocking the fluid path and sealing the liquid in the reservoir when the switch is in its off, undepressed state. When the pump is activated upon depression of the switch, the pumping action propels liquid from the reservoir through the fluid path for ejection under pressure via the venturi orifice and for this purpose any suitable liquid pump will suffice.
As shown in the embodiments illustrated herein, a voltage converter mounted on the barrel between reservoir and nozzle is electrically connected to the battery by wires and serves to amplify the direct current low voltage from the battery to a high voltage when the switch is depressed. The high voltage output from the voltage converter is connected via wires to the metal nozzles for imparting the high voltage at one potential to one nozzle and at a different potential to the other nozzle and, thereby, to the liquids exiting therethrough.
Any fluid or combination of fluids is suitable provided it is electrically conductive and suitable for ejection through a nozzle as a continuous fluid stream, thereby transferring the electrical potential at the nozzle to the target. Examples of suitable fluids include metallic liquid mercury and/or any fluid, gel, or paste containing a sufficient concentration of electrically conductive particles, e.g. graphite, metallic or superconductive particles suspended within a preferably non-flammable base. Alternatively, a soluble salt or combination thereof (e.g. lithium bromide, aluminum sulfate, magnesium chloride, ammonium sulfate, aluminum chloride, common table salt, etc.) which ionizes sufficiently within a fluid (e.g. dimethyl sulfoxide, propylene carbonate, water, glycerine, electrorheologic fluid, polyacrylamide, carboxymethyl cellulose, guar gum, other thixotropic gels and polyelectrolytes) may be used.
The operation of the stun gun will by now be apparent. Briefly, depression of the trigger establishes a current path from the battery to the voltage converter and pump means. The high voltage output from the voltage converter is applied via wires to the two metallic nozzles for electrically charging liquid flowing through each nozzle with a different potential. The application of current to the pump activates the pump for pumping liquid from the reservoir through the venturis, with the liquid being electrically charged as it contacts the nozzle before exiting via the venturi as a continuous stream. It will be apparent that as the two liquid streams strike the target, typically an assailant, a current path is established comprising one nozzle, the fluid stream therefrom, the assailant, the fluid stream from the other nozzle and the other nozzle. The resulting electrical "shock" to the body of the assailant is intended to repel the assailant, or at least to briefly stun the assailant thereby allowing the victim to take other steps to extricate himself/herself from the attack. Of course, it is important that the liquid streams projected from the nozzles remain continuous between the nozzle and the target, as any discontinuity will preclude the establishment of an electric current path at the target. A continuous liquid stream is assured by appropriate selection of the viscosity and density of the fluid, selection of an appropriate pump, and proper dimensioning of the venturi.
It will be apparent that the self-defense device of the present invention allows the user to maintain a reasonable distance from the assailant while imparting a highly effective electric shock as a deterrent. This combination, which is equally applicable to the embodiments discussed herein, renders the device of the invention particularly suited for use as a self-defense device.
FIG. 1 illustrates a first embodiment of the present invention, generally designated at 50 which projects dual liquid streams, each at a different high voltage electrical potential. As shown, the device 50 includes dual reservoirs 52, 54 having the usual vents 56, 58 and filling ports 60, 62, respectively. The reservoirs 52, 54 are connected, respectively, to barrels 68, 70 having metal nozzles 74, 76 at their distal ends. Thus a first fluid path 53 comprises reservoir 52, barrel 68 and nozzle 74, and a second fluid path comprises reservoir 54, barrel 70 and nozzle 76. Device 50 also includes suitable dual pumps 64, 66 connected in tandem and a voltage converter 78 connected via wires 72, 73 to metal nozzles 74, 76, for simultaneous activation from battery 18 via wires 32 and 36, respectively upon depression of switch 20 shown behind trigger guard 22. More specifically, the nozzle 74 is connected by wire 72 to the positive terminal of the voltage converter 78 and the nozzle 76 is connected by wire 73 to the negative terminal. Consequently, upon liquid discharge, the liquid streams 80, 82 ejected from the nozzles 74, 76 are at different potentials. In this embodiment, the pump employed does not require a retractable gate.
In use, when the switch 20 is depressed, pumps 64, 66 pump liquid from the reservoirs 52, 54 through dual barrels 68, 70 to metal nozzles 74, 76. Because of the close proximity of the barrels 68, 70, it will be apparent that the dual streams 80, 82 exiting nozzles 74, 76, respectively, will be in close proximity as they strike the assailant target 42. Consequently, an electric current path will be established between the streams through the intervening portion of the assailant's body. As the resistance will be relatively low, the resulting current flow at the assailant's body will be high, and hence effective for its purpose. Nozzles 74, 76 may include venturis 67, 69 set on an angle to direct liquid streams 80, 82 to achieve optimal distances between liquid streams 80, 82 when they contact the target.
FIG. 2 illustrates a second embodiment 100 of the stun gun which, like the embodiment of FIG. 1, generates dual liquid streams, but does so with a single fluid reservoir 102 and a single pump 104. As shown, fluid reservoir 102 has the usual filling port 106 and vent 108. However, unlike the embodiment described hereinabove, the reservoir 102 is filled with a non-conducting fluid 110 rather than a conducting fluid. A conduit 112 connects the reservoir 102 to the pump 104, and a gate 114 in the conduit 112 retains the fluid 110 in the reservoir, except when the trigger 20 is depressed whereupon the gate 114 is retracted. As shown, the pump 104 includes chamber 116 having dual outlets to barrels 118, 120 having chambers 122 and 124, respectively, at their proximal ends. Screens 128 on either side of the chambers 122, 124 retain electrolyte material, e.g. pellets, 126 therein while accommodating liquid flow therethrough.
In use, upon depression of switch 20, pump 104 pumps fluid 110 from the reservoir 102 through the dual outlets of chamber 116 to the electrically separated barrels 118, 120. As the fluid 110 passes through the chambers 122, 124, the pellets 126 dissolve thereby rendering the fluid streams in the barrels 118, 120 ion permeable and hence electrically conductive. As the now conductive streams flow through their respective nozzles 130, 132, they are electrically charged via wires 72, 73 from voltage converter 78 in the manner described above in connection with the embodiment of FIG. 1, i.e., the dual liquid streams 80, 82 ejected from the nozzles 130, 132 are at different potentials, e.g. positive and negative, respectively. The resulting stun effect to the target 42 is likewise as described above in connection with the embodiment of FIG. 1. Typically, an electrically non-conductive housing 101 covers the nozzles and protects the user from electric shock. The housing may, for example 101a, also cover the reservoir, power source and fluid forcing means and be adapted to be hand held. The housing may have a conventional "hand gun" shape. Wires 32 and 36 may be located inside of the housing.
From the foregoing, it will be apparent that the stun gun 100 of FIG. 2 may employ a single reservoir 102 and a single pump 104 because the liquid 110 is not rendered conductive until after it has been separated into dual streams and is in the barrels 118, 120, i.e., after contacting the pellets 126 in chambers 122, 124. Of course, if the stun gun 100 is intended for repetitive use, an access must be provided for replacing the pellets 126.
FIG. 3 shows a further embodiment 150 of a self-defense device in accordance with the present invention. Like the embodiments of FIGS. 1 and 2, the device 150 generates and ejects from the nozzles 158, 160 dual liquid streams electrically charged at different potentials, e.g. negative and positive, via wires 72, 73 from voltage converter 78 for achieving the stun effect described above in connection with the device 50 of FIG. 1. Structurally, the device 150 of FIG. 3 is closer to the device 50 of FIG. 1 than the device 100 of FIG. 2, in that the device 150 employs dual reservoirs 152, 154 each containing a conductive fluid 156a and 156b, respectively. However, the device 150 differs from the other embodiments in that it employs an alternative mechanism for discharging liquid from the reservoirs 152, 154 through the metal nozzles 158, 160. In particular, the device 150 incorporates an electrically actuated cartridge 162 which, upon activation, releases a reactive material that builds pressure on a piston which forces fluid from the reservoir.
As shown, the cartridge 162 is mounted in the end cover 164, which is itself mounted on the main housing 166 of the device 150 as by screw threads 168. Wires 122 connect the cartridge 162 to the battery 18 such that the cartridge is activated and the reactive material therein released when the switch 20 is depressed.
The reservoirs 152, 154 include filling ports 174, 176, respectively, but do not include the vents found in the other embodiments. At the proximal end of each reservoir 152, 154 is a piston 170, 172 freely slidable in the chamber defined by its respective reservoir. For this purpose, the reservoirs 152, 154 and their respective pistons 170, 172 are preferably of circular cross-section, with a tight seal between the pistons and the walls of their seal between the pistons and the walls of their respective reservoirs being assured as by the inclusion of o-rings 175 seated in grooves on the walls of the pistons.
To use the device 150 of FIG. 3, the end cover 164 is removed whereupon the reservoirs 152, 154 are filled with conductive fluid 173 via filling ports 174, 176, respectively. As filling occurs, the pistons 170, 172 are moved to their proximal positions (solid lines in FIG. 3) under the pressure of the incoming liquid, with stops 178, 180 defining the most proximal positions of the pistons in their respective reservoir chambers. "Blowout" plugs 182, 184 in barrels 186 and 188, respectively, retain the fluid 156 in the reservoirs 152, 154 until the device 150 is actuated.
The device 150 is actuated in the usual fashion, i.e., by depressing the trigger 20. Upon depression of the trigger 20, positive and negative voltage potentials are applied to the metal nozzles 158 and 160, respectively, in the manner more fully described above in connection with the embodiment of FIG. 1. At the same time, depression of trigger 20 actuates the cartridge 162 for releasing a reactive material in the chamber 174 between the end cover 164 and pistons 170, 172. The pressure buildup in the chamber 165 caused by the release of the reactive material forces the pistons 170, 172 toward the distal ends of their respective reservoir chambers, thereby forcing the fluid 156 into barrels 186, 188. At this point, the pressure buildup in the barrels 186, 188 disintegrates the plugs 182, 184 whereupon the fluids 156a and 156b are expelled through the nozzles 158, 160. The stun effect is the same as that described above in connection with the embodiment of FIG. 1, i.e., the assailant experiences an electric shock as the dual streams strike. Of course, the use of a cartridge 162 and associated elements in lieu of a pump for expelling fluid from the reservoir is equally applicable to the other embodiments of the invention described herein.
In place of blow out plugs 182, 184, flap valves such as typically shown in FIG. 3(a) and FIG. 3(b) may be employed, in which event the device 150 is more readily reusable, i.e., by simply refilling the reservoirs 152, 154 and inserting a new cartridge 162. Of course, if disintegrating plugs 182, 184 are used, it is essential that they disintegrate to a sufficiently fine particle size to prevent blockage of the venturis in nozzles 158, 160.
In place of the cartridge activated fluid projecting system of FIG. 3, in an alternate embodiment of FIG. 4 a spring-loaded ram assembly 190 is incorporated into the overall design of FIG. 3 to provide a fluid projecting system with reloading capacity. The spring loaded ram assembly is driven by a solenoid 192 or by a mechanical linkage 192a. The ram assembly is resettable and is actuated by the trigger 20. The ram assembly supplies the required force for projecting fluid by displacing dual plungers which in turn activate dual syringes 152a, 154a by displacing pistons 170a, 172a within the dual syringes. Liquid is thereby forced through barrels 186, 188 and projected from nozzles 158, 160. The dual syringes are mounted in chambers located, for example, where reservoirs 152, 154 are located in FIG. 3. The spring loaded ram assembly is located rearwardly, relative to the nozzles, of the dual syringes 152a, 154a. The syringes each include a cylinder housing a piston 170a, 172a which is mounted to a shaft 173a, 175a, the shaft extending rearwardly of the cylinder. In operation, the shaft is pushed forward by a plunger, thereby moving the piston forward within the cylinder to expel fluid from the syringe and project it through the nozzles at a target. The syringes are replaceable and refillable.
While a detailed description of certain preferred embodiments of the present invention has been provided, it should be understood that still further variations, changes and modifications may be made without departing from the spirit and scope of the invention. If desired, the battery and/or voltage converter and/or reservoir(s) may be mounted in a separate housing and attached via suitable electrical and/or fluid conducting means. Any fluid expulsion means capable of generating a continuous fluid stream may be employed, e.g. electrical, mechanical, stored gas, etc. or any combination thereof.
Electro-luminescent, phosphorescent, or chemi-luminescent materials may be incorporated into the fluid to render fluid streams light emitting in transit to the target. Dual streams may be rendered light emitting in transit, or upon contact with the target and mixing of the streams, or both. These materials, some of particulate nature, others fluid soluble, may be incorporated either directly into the contained fluid, or admitted to a fluid stream via downstream plumbing if binary mixing be required, to produce the phosphorescent fluid streams. Examples of particulate material that can exhibit electro-luminescence and/or phosphorescence are copper or other metal activated zinc sulfide powder. Examples of fluid soluble chemi-luminescent materials include Luminol or Leuciginine based systems which, when mixed with oxidation capable secondary substances (e.g. peroxide), cause these materials to brightly phosphoresce. The fluid may contain a liquid base which is flammable, thus providing incendiary or explosive capability. Dyes and irritants and other incapacitating agents may also be added to the fluid.
As the foregoing as well as additional changes and modifications will be apparent to persons of ordinary skill in the art, the above description should be construed as illustrative and not in a limiting sense, the scope of the invention being defined by the following claims.Heavy Armor Kit
- Heavy Armor Kit
- Item Level 30
- Use: Permanently increase the armor value of an item worn on the chest, legs, hands or feet by 3. Cannot be applied to items higher than level 600. (1 sec cooldown)
- Requires Level 20
- Sell Price: 6 50
- Stacks up to 10Developed by Clap Hanz, in conjunction with Sony Computer Entertainment America’s Santa Monica Studios, Hot Shots Golf 5 brings a brand new chapter of the beloved Hot Shots franchise onto PS.
Features :
- New Shot System – Focus on the swing and not a power meter. Players will closely monitor takeaway and impact zone, taking into account distance, club selection, and weather. Of course, players may still opt for the traditional shot meter if desired.
- Online Action –.
- –: March 2008
More articles about Hot Shots Golf 5.
Need help deciding where to start? Use our project checklist to help you develop a plan for your remodel or home renovation. Being prepared will help you give your retailer direction on your redesign ideas.
Our retailers are skilled at helping you select a floor for your living space. Here are a few tips to help you make the most of your visit. You may find it useful to also view ‘Guide!
May 19, 2015
The entrance to your home is quite literally an introduction to you; that all-important first ...Osprey Kyte 36
Where to Buy
Retailers' Descriptions
Here's what other sites are saying:
Light, clean and functional, the Osprey Kyte 36 pack boasts a women-specific fit and comfort. Its size and features make it an ideal do-it-all pack for a 1-day or ultralight overnight adventure.
- REI
The women's specific Kyte 36 from Osprey is the ultimate "go anywhere, do anything" day pack. It is also perfect for lightweight overnight trips. With the Airscape mesh lined back panel you have great breathability without sacrificing support. The women's specific belt and harness allow you to effectively pull the weight off of your shoulders and onto your hips. The integrated raincover will keep your gear dry when mother nature tries to ruin your outing unexpectedly.
- CampSaver.com(TM) frame and AirScape backpanel-- Torso adjustable harness offers a customized fit-- Stretch mesh large front pocket and two side pockets-- Zippered sleeping bag compartment with divider-- Removable sleeping pad straps-- Dual ice tool loops-- Stow-on-the-Go(TM) trekking pole attachment-- Underlid zippered mesh pocket-- External hydration sleeve-- Integrated raincover
- OMCgear
A light, clean, and highly functional top-loading pack designed to perfectly fit a woman's frame, the Osprey Women's Kyte 36 is one of the most versatile packs on the market. Whether you're just heading out for a long day or you need something for overnight trips, the Kyte 36 is the ultimate "go anywhere, do anything" pack.
- EMS
Osprey Kyte 36
currently retails for:
$111.97 - $159.99
$111.97 - $159.99(Braden) The Band Perry just spent the past week in New Orleans working on the music video for "Postcard From Paris." Here's a little snapshot from them on set at the Café Du Monde.</> Embed 3y
(Braden) Trying a little video preview of what is coming up tomorrow (Tuesday) …Apple has found that a USB iPhone charger sold in Europe between October 2009 and September 2012 is causing issues for some customers. The charger "may overheat and pose a safety risk." Nothing like a toasty iPhone charger to worry an Apple loyalist.
While the malfunction was found only in "rare cases", Apple is still urging those who still have the charger to stop using it, and has offered to replace them free of charge. The image to the right will help you identify if you have the model in question.
The charger was sold in 37 countries throughout Europe, and several in Africa and Asia as well. The charger was shipped with iPhone 3GS, 4, and 4S, but was also sold separately as a stand alone charger.
This isn't the first charger issue for Apple. In 2008, Apple replaced defective 3G chargers and the more recent Lightning cable has caused issues for some iPhone owners.Mellencamp talked to fellow writer David Lindquist of the Indy Star, as the rocker readied for his shows in Indianapolis this week.
“I got no bones with any of those guys anymore,” Mellencamp told Lindquist . “If there’s a tenuous relationship, it’s probably between me and Larry — but I’m sure he’s mature enough and I’m mature enough. I know what would happen if we got into a room. I’d look at him, he’d look at me and I’d say, ‘Let’s go.’ That would be the end of it: ‘Let’s go to work.’”
In the story on his blog, Lindquist wrote that Mellencamp has shelved any reunion because he doesn’t want to give the impression that a tour with Crane, Myers and Aronoff would follow.
“This is the best rock band in America right now,” he said of Wanchic, guitarist Andy York, violin player Miriam Sturm, drummer Dane Clark, bass player Jon Gunnell and keyboard player Troye Kinnett. “Why would I abandon them?”
(read full interview)
Sounds to me like Mellencamp is fully committed to the current project and band, and that we may also get a shot at hearing the old band one more time when this tour concludes, be it early next year or otherwise.
NEW TOUR VIDEO: "Right Behind Me" - live at the historic Ryman Auditorium in Nashville, TN
Related Posts
Get more stuff like this, directly in your inbox!
Sign up for our email to get the best sounds on ChromeMusic.Thursday, April 09, 2009 ... Read moreNFL GameDay: Super Bowl XLIII highlights
Published: Oct. 2, 2011 at 02:48 p.m.
The Steelers defeat the Cardinals 27-23 in Super Bowl XLIII.
Published: Oct. 2, 2011 at 02:48 p.m.
The Steelers defeat the Cardinals 27-23 in Super Bowl XLIII.
Published: Jan. 4, 2015 at 09:34 p.m.
Carolina Panthers wide receiver Jerricho Cotchery made a leaping one-handed grab against the Arizona Cardinals, but was it good enough to be the top catch of the week?: Feb. 13, 2015 at 01:59 p.m.
Bucky Brooks evaluates West Virginia wide receiver Kevin White's draft stock.
Published: Oct. 28, 2014 at 08:15 p.m.
The "NFL Total Access" crew takes a look at some of the best plays from Week 8 in "Top 10 Performance Moments" presented by Bridgestone.
Published: June 26, 2011 at 07:59 p.m.
Super Bowl XLV MVP Aaron Rodgers was voted the 11th-best player of 2011 by his peers. Presented by Larry Fitzgerald.
Published: Jan. 11, 2010 at 05:23 p.m.
Bucky Brooks breaks down how Kurt Warner pulled off some more magic Sunday in Arizona.
Published: April 23, 2015 at 08:00 p.m.
Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald calls Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson a "huge playmaker" for any team.. 31, 2015 at 10:12 p.m.
Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald accepts the Art Rooney Award for sportsmanship at the 2015 "NFL Honors".
Published: Jan. 29, 2012 at 08:04 p.m.
Aaron Rodgers finds Larry Fitzgerald for a 44-yard touchdown, less than 30 seconds after his first touchdown.
Published: Jan. 13, 2015 at 09:58 p.m.
Shek is joined by Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald to discuss his MVP pick, Kurt Warner's career and who's the rightful king of Westeros from the HBO show "Game of Thrones".
Published: Dec. 5, 2014 at 04:42 p.m.
Gregg Rosenthal joins Marc Istook to discuss the Arizona Cardinals injury situation with wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald and running back Andre Ellington.
Published: Sept. 21, 2014 at 06:52 p.m.
San Francisco 49ers cornerback Perrish Cox recovers Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald's fumbled ball.
Published: Jan. 8, 2014 at 08:19 p.m.
Relive the season that made Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald the youngest player in NFL history to record 11,000 career receiving yards.
Published: Sept. 24, 2012 at 04:43 a.m.
(7:40) K.Kolb pass deep left to L.Fitzgerald for 37 yards, TOUCHDOWN.: Oct. 12, 2014 at 05:57 p.m.
Arizona Cardinals quarterback Carson Palmer throws a 24-yard touchdown pass to wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald.
Published: Aug. 9, 2014 at 11:35 p.m.
Arizona Cardinals quarterback Carson Palmer hits wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald in the end zone for a 7-yard touchdown.
Published: Dec. 25, 2010 at 10:25 p.m.
Jay Feely's late FG carries the Cardinals past Dallas, 27-26, in a Christmas edition of Thursday Night Football.
Published: Nov. 19, 2014 at 09:29 p.m.
The "Around the NFL" Podcast crew lets you know about the 3 things you need to watch in Week 12.
Published: Aug. 24, 2014 at 09:21 p.m.
Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald makes a diving catch for 19 yards from quarterback Carson PalBelow are the available bulk discount rates for each individual item when you purchase a certain amount
Decorpoxy™ creates decorative epoxy flooring with industrial-grade performance.
Decorpoxy™ is a 100% solids, three component epoxy system with a fast curing time. Will bond to concrete, wood, steel, aluminum, glass and ceramics. Produces a durable flooring surface which is ideally suited to industrial and institutional requirements.
Top compressive strength of 14,000 psi (ASTMD-695) resists steel-wheel traffic and the impact of fallen 55 gallon drums.
Use Decorpoxy™ floor coating for resurfacing new and old floors. Decorpoxy™ epoxy mortar is non-shrinking, quick-setting, and resistant to thermal and physical shock, abrasion, water, acids, alkalis, and solvents.
Decorpoxy™ is ideal in areas where safety, durability, beautification and sanitary requirements are important. VOC and OSHA Compliant as well as USDA Authorized and EPA approved.
Typical Uses:
Traffic aisles, loading docks, storage rooms and stairways, doorways and elevator entrances, ramps, washrooms, locker rooms, laboratories, and assembly lines. Also ideal for restaurants, food handling areas, kitchens, laundries, wet areas, poultry processing plants, machine shops and metal fabrication, hospitals, swimming pools and shipping docks.
Recommended Primer & Top Coat:
Related Products:
Decorative Epoxy Cove - DECORPOXY™ COVE MORTAR
Application Tools:
Flat TrowelFor some odd reason, some of my wbfs wii back up games are showing up as 0.0 in file size when the full games has been installed. I'm using a FAT32 formatted drive. I can't figure it out. For example, Barnyard shows up 0.0 and so does Monopoly Collection and Disney U. I don't know what I'm doing to have this issue or how to correct it. I've tried deleting the games and reinstalling them and nothing so far seems to work. Thank you for your help in advance.Health & Baby
Baby Car Seat/Carrier Recalled
May 10, 2007 - Evenflo Embrace Infant Car Seat/Carriers have been recalled because of a faulty handle that suddenly releases and dumps babies to the ground.
The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission says there have been 679 reports of the handle on the car seat/carriers unexpectedly releasing. There have been 160 reports of injuries to children, including one fractured skull, two concussions, and a number of bruises and scrapes.
About 450,000 of the faulty units were sold.
Affected models are Evenflo Embrace Infant Car Seat/Carriers made before April 8, 2006. A white label on the bottom of the carrier and on the top of the convenience base carries the model number. The recall includes model numbers beginning with 317, 320, 397, 398, 540, 548, 549, 550, 556, 597, 598, or 599.
Models beginning with the number 5 were sold with a compatible stroller. The units were made in the U.S. and in China.
The models may still be used as car seats when secured to a vehicle, but must not be used as carriers.
Evenflo is offering a free repair kit that strengthens the latch on the handle. The manufacturer asks that recalled units not be returned to the stores from which they were purchased. The handle should not be used until after installation of the repair kit.
For additional information, contact Evenflo at (800) 490-7497 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit the recall web site at embracehandle.com.
Today on WebMD
49ers linebacker Aldon Smith has put himself in numerous situations he shouldn't have been in during his young NFL career.
He's had two DUIs and was involved in a fight where he was stabbed at a party at his home in California. He was also arrested recently for allegedly making a false report of a bomb threat at the Los Angeles Internation Airport.
Smith, who had been out of the public eye since his recent legal woe, broke his silence late Monday night, writing a motivational message on his personal twitter account.
"Stay positive and always give your best effort,eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater tests," Smith wrote.
The 49ers don't appear ready to give up on Smith as they picked up his fifth-year option, which is worth $9.754 million. In three seasons, Smith has tallied 137 tackles and 42 sacks.
Follow me on twitter: @JasonHButt
More Below the Ad
Advertisement
Get truth delivered to
your inbox every week.
If you have trouble leaving a comment, review this help page. Still having problems? Let us know. If you find yourself moderated, take a moment to review our comment policy.
By CitizenDefender, August 15, 2007 at 10:43 am Link to this comment
“Not nature, but the “genius of mankind,” has knotted the hangman’s noose with which it can execute itself at any moment.” Carl G. Jung, 1952.
The Bush administration in typical military fashion has breached Iran’s borders with incursion forces of U. S. military units several times since the invasion of Iraq. The consequence has been to incite a reaction from the sovereign nation of Iran.
With his hand picked General following orders, he labels the Iranian Republican Guard as “Terrorists.” This behavior is predictable given Bush’s deceit on prior issues. There is a sense of foreboding about this no matter what his intention may be. He has “stayed the course” one day too many.
One again I need to thank the Washington Post for breaking the story.
The House and Senate must remove George W. Bush from his position of Commander in Chief.
Senate Majority Leader Pelosi needs to step up to the plate and start impeachment proceedings especially now that Mr. Rove is feeling the heat and stepping down.
Others should see this as a bad omen, as I do, since it only spells “more Conflict.” Bush has overestimated the role of mankind in nature and the universe for that matter.
The way to thrive is through peace and mutual understanding. War should always be the last resort.
We stand at a crossroad, holding the power to destroy ourselves and all of mankind.
Even if we remove Bush from office he will have his name in history right next to Stalin, Hitler and malaria.
“A day that will last until there is no immunity from punishment.” Yes, I as many thousands of Americans look for the day when this administration is forced to answer the questions of 9/11/2001 that the Commission avoided.
They don’t talk about it on TV anymore, but someone tried to make money with unusual stock trades right before the terrorist attacks of September 11. Who knew to bet that United Airlines would lose money? See the link.
The nuclear demolition hypothesis:
How the Towers were Demolished:
By farmertx, August 10, 2007 at 6:56 pm Link to this comment
1st Sargent
No argument there. Reality of any kind, unless espoused by Der Karl, is unknown to the Shrub.
The Shootist is smarter, but he doesn’t give a flying whatever.
I noted an editorial today in the Dallas paper about Baja California voter’s turning out a corrupt Governor.
Makes one wistful.
By the 1Sgt, August 10, 2007 at 4:49 pm Link to this comment
#93736 by purplewolf on 8/10 at 11:13 am
(30 comments total)
to the 1Sgt: I always thought the Puerto Rico was our 51st state,at least it was called that from the 70s to ?, when did it change to 52?
======================================================
Poor Puerto Rico, being a US possession, DREAMS of rating as high as Israel does….can you imagine….3 BILLION a year automatically going to PR? FREE!!!!!! No payback and then BILLIONS more in military contracts and supplies/equipment.
By purplewolf, August 10, 2007 at 12:13 pm Link to this comment
The Bush Bunch, much like the uninvited and unwelcome guest who crashed the dinner party in your home, doesn’t the the common sense or manners to leave when they have been told they are not wanted there and to get out.Time to call the authorities in to remove these unwanted “guests”. In other words it’s IMPEACHMENT TIME.
to the 1Sgt: I always thought the Puerto Rico was our 51st state,at least it was called that from the 70’s to ?, when did it change to 52?
By June, August 10, 2007 at 10:57 am Link to this comment
(Unregistered commenter)
Think about it. What would you do if a gang of armed thieves burst into your home, smashed up the place, killed some of your family members and asserted their right to the family’s silverware? Hand it over or surreptitiously booby-trap it? Invite them to stay and make themselves comfortable or suggest that they leave?
By James, August 10, 2007 at 4:37 am Link to this comment
(Unregistered commenter)
Interesting how one side of the propoganda in US says “we are wining in Iraq and violence is significantly reduced”, the other side of the propoganda machine says “Iran is increasing its influence in Iraq”!
DOES THIS MEAN THAT IRAN IS THE CAUSE OF BETTER STABILITY IN IRAQ?
If so, then why do we keep blaming Iran for everything from the floods to the collaps of the bridge…...............?
We should get the hell out and let them sort this mess, at least they seem to know what they are and should be doing!
By the 1Sgt, August 10, 2007 at 4:05 am Link to this comment
Farmertx,
To this day, I don’t think the grape ape and the devil below him have figured out the GRAVITY of the mistake they have made. Iran has already won Iraq and we did it for them. Now we also have set up a scenario where these two will be an even greater threat to Israel, the appendage 51st state.
By farmertx, August 9, 2007 at 3:57 pm Link to this comment
Shrub, being the master of diplomacy and foreign policy (he thought that was a insurance policy from Lloyds of London) that he is, coupled (take that either way) with Condi, will have the issue settled in no time flat.
I can only hope that Republican’s and Democrat’s alike, at least the rank and file members, are noting what happens when folks listen to sound bites and ignore the fact that a person has never accomplished anything, before casting their next vote.
That is assuming that we will have a vote to cast in the future.
Posted on May 21, 2015
A Progressive Journal of News and Opinion
Publisher Zuade Kaufman | Editor Robert Scheer
About Us | Contact Us | User Agreement | Privacy Policy | Comment Policy
Website development by Hop Studios
Like Truthdig on FacebookLink to Us | Tell-a-Friend | Contact
Related Tags
- x64 pmi 002 training download
- x64 pmi 001 training download
- x64 pmi 002 exam training download
- x64 pmi pmi 002 download
- x64 pmi 002 test download
- x64 pmi 002 dumps 002 questions download
- x64 pmi 002 questions and answers download
- x64 pmi 002 practice exam download
- x64 pmi 002 exam download
- x64 pmi 002 exam questions download
- x64 pmi 002 download
- x64 ik0 002 training download
- x64 no0 002 training download
- x64 bh0 002
... the box version), Quick-reference card, Help files Training 2 hours of training videos on DVD Connect to your content ...
Trialware | $489.00
ESET Smart Security (64 bit) 8.0.312.0
... Vulnerability Shield * Portable Device Control * Cybersecurity Training A Great time online for you and ... Tips for staying Complimentary ESET Cybersecurity Training provides tips on how to defend against cyber ...
Trialware | $59.99
NOD32 Antivirus (64 bit) 8.0.312.0
... Memory Scanner * Portable Device Control * Cybersecurity Training Your best defense against viruses, trojans and other forms of malware—and the top choice for IT professionals. Powered by the ...
Trialware | $39.99
AutoCAD Civil 3D 2012
... * Learning resources—E-Learning tutorials, Autodesk University course materials, training videos, and podcasts for select products * Support—Technical support via the web and the Autodesk® Knowledge Base Access Your Subscription ...
Trialware | $6 495.00
tags: 3D design, 3D model designer, CAD software, CAD, design, Auto CAD
Adobe Dreamweaver CS5 CS5.5 11.5.1
... online Adobe Design Center and Adobe Developer Connection, training and seminars, developer certification programs, and user forums. Support for leading technologies Design and develop in an environment that supports ...
Trialware | $399.00
Bandizip 5.06
Bandizip is ultra-fast file compression software with an easy-to-use interface. It allows you to create your own compressed files such as ZIP, 7Z, TAR, ISO and extract most popular compressed files ...
Freeware
FlightGear 3.4.0
... for use in research or academic environments, pilot training, as an industry engineering tool, for DIY-ers to pursue their favorite interesting flight simulation idea, and last but certainly not least ...
Freeware
tags: Flight Gear, fly simulator, commercial simulator, flight, gear, simulator
CorelDRAW X6 16.4.0.1280
... Quickly feel at home with built-in help, training videos and professionally designed templates. Then, create with ... wizard, Duplexing wizard and Bitstream® Font Navigator® Training Over 2 hours of training videos (internet connection ...
Trialware | $499.00
Maxsurf 17.07
... optimised hull forms quickly, accurately and with limited training time. Any number of NURB surfaces can be joined, trimmed and manipulated to create a complete model ready for hydrostatic analysis ...
Demo
tags: create ship model, design boat hull, ship designer, create, design, ship
ZWCAD 2012
... working with ZWCAD immediately with little to no training. With ZWCAD 2012, you are assured of compatibility and efficiency. Full .dwg support: Read and write drawings created by other CAD ...
Shareware
tags: ZWCAD, CAD, AutoCAD, IntelliCAD, DWG, ProgeCAD, CADopia, BricsCAD, GstarCAD, draftsight
eCAL 2.014
... support and access to our professionally made video training series. And much more! ...
Trialware | $79.99
tags: font designer, shape editor, font creator, font, designer, character
Bluebeam PDF Revu Standard Edition x64 12.5.0
... tutorials and online resources. Optional maintenance plans and training programs are available too. ...
Trialware | $179.00
Employee ID Cards Maker 8.2.0.1
Employee ID Cards Maker application is available on that is developed with innovative technology to create high standard and good looking cards using graphical, pencil, text, line, pictures, brushes, paints, ...
Shareware | $38.00
Instant Demo 8.50
... creates Flash movies for demonstrations, tutorials, presentations and training. The Flash movies play immediately in the viewers web browser with streaming MP3 sound. Editing features include annotated text and interactive ...
Demo | $199.00
Aloaha FAX Suite 5.0.291
... email and PDF. - Minimal administration and user training required. - Rules Manager included! - Reporting - email2SMS Gateway - SMS2email Gateway - SMTP Server included - POP3 download included ...
Shareware
Quite Imposing Plus 2.9b
... They give immediate results without need for expensive training or complicated job set ups. But if you do need a little help getting started just visit our support pages to ...
Freeware
tags: combining pages, Create booklets, Acrobat plugin, pdf, create, page
Timesheet Xpress 2015
... use, install and manage with little or no training required for users and a great time entry interface. Timesheet Xpress will allow your organisation to Track Time and charges in ...
Shareware | $142.00
tags: Timesheet, Timesheets, Time, Tracking, Billing, Project, Management, Software
DBF Doctor 2.9
... you to get started in seconds, without complex training. Simply select the corrupt file, open it in DBF Doctor, and you can see the contents of the file again! The ...
Shareware | $139.00
Freepath 3.0.10.1122
Freepath is presentation software that lets you mix PowerPoint slides with multi-media and traditional desktop files. Simply drag, drop and present. No matter the setting or industry - Business, Worship, Education ...
Shareware | $99.00
Barcode Business 7.3.0.1
... understand software functionalities without requiring any special technical training. Barcode label designer program effectively works with all latest versions of Windows OS including Windows XP, 7, Vista etc. Software features: ...
Shareware | $69.00
Mass SMS Software 7.0.1.3
... you don’t require any extra effort or technical training to operate this professional application. Bulk SMS program facilitate to send messages regarding mutual funds, finance, insurance, price updation, new products, ...
Shareware | $49.00
tags: Program, application, SMS, bulk, group, compatible, messaging, gateway, windows, GSM, professional, PDA, Samsung, contact, list, blackberry, smart phones, models, group, marketing, job alerts, broadcast, banks, insurance, companies, customers
Visual Basic 6.0 Study Pack 2.0.0.0
Welcome to the Visual Basic documentation. Visual Basic includes many documentation tools, each designed to help you learn and use a particular aspect of the product. The documentation provided with Visual ...
Shareware | $49.00
SportDraw Handball 6
... drill animated playbook used for handball coaching, handball training, handball for youth and handball scouting; handball coach makes handball drills and handball plays to get MP4 video and share it ...
Shareware | $39.00
Employee Planner Software 4.0.1.5
... overall employee details including salary, accounts, tour and training, in/out details, sick, paid, leave information, payroll and such other reports in an effective manner without requiring expert knowledge. ...One of the hallmarks of my services is that I take pride in giving everyone the best the value for money possible with both my taxi and my tour services here in The Bahamas.
I can guarantee you that there will be no up-selling and no hidden surprises, just a good honest quote.
For taxi services in The Bahamas, rates are controlled by the Government, which ensures that you get a fair price. Below, I have put a link to the official price list, which you can download in pdf format.
Official Bahamas Taxi Price List - (PDF) - this document is issued by the Government of the Bahamas Road Traffic Department
Remember, these are the maximum charges allowed here in The Bahamas and all prices are negotiable. I will always give you a good deal.
Example Fares from Nassau Airport
The price includes me meeting you at the arrivals lounge - I will be there holding a name card up for you, so you will see me as soon as you arrive
Paradise Island -$32
Downtown Nassau, Ferry, Docks, Cruise Ships - $27
Cable Beach - $18
Montagu shores - $ 34
Example Fares from Paradise Island
Downtown Nassau, Ferry, Docks - $11
Cable Beach - $20
Nassau Airport- $ 32
If you pay for a 3 hour trip, then that is the minimum I give you. again, if you pay for an 8 hour day trip, that is the minimum time you get. No hidden charges, no trips cut short, what pay for is what you get at a minimum.
In fact, quite often we have such great fun on the tours and time flies by and trips last longer than intended - no extra charge!
- Large bags cost an extra $1
- Carry on bags cost an extra 75 cents per bag
- There is an extra 3.00 for any extra person over two people travelling
- Children under six travel for free.
These additional charges are issued by the government of The Bahamas and apply to all taxi trips on the island
More Tour Price Information can be found on my Bahamas tour page
The prices of my tours will depend on how long you would like and for trips where I provide meals, how many people will be on the tour
An example price guide would be an 8 hour trip with me as your guide, including a delicious home made lunch on the beach, beverages, snorkelling and much more - this would be on a per head basis - $75 per head per adult and $50 per head for children.
You can also pay by the hour for shorter trips, for example if you would like a shopping trip to buy groceries, or you would like to go souvenir shopping. The price for this is $60 per hour.
No matter how many people, that is the maximum price, no hidden charges. These prices are a guide and all prices can be negotiated with me!
Tel - 1 (242) 423 4982
Safe, Reliable Bahamas Taxi and Tour Services, "No Job Too Small, No Job Too Big"The 23rd Street Lawn is a popular gathering space on the High Line, offering open green space for picnicking, sunbathing, and people-watching.
Restoration plays a major role in maintaining the Lawn. To this end, the Lawn will be temporarily closed for a number of weeks to allow the grass to recover from a busy spring season. During this time, our gardeners will be working to re-seed and restore the Lawn to keep it a welcoming green space for the months ahead. Please help us restore the Lawn by staying on the path.
Beginning this week, Lawn Time for Little Ones will move to the 10th Avenue Square, on the High Line near West 17th Street, and Arty Hours will move to the 14th Street Passage, on the High Line between West 13th and West 14th Streets, until further notice. Please check our Event Calendar or follow @highlinenyc on Twitter for updates on programs and events.Forgotten Password?
Ellen Berrey, Steve G. Hoffman and Laura Beth Nielsen Situated Justice: A Contextual Analysis of Fairness and Inequality in Employment Discrimination Litigation Law & Society Review 46
Article first published online: 12 APR 2012 | DOI: 10.1111/j.1540-5893.2012.00471.x
Complete the form below and we will send an e-mail message containing a link to the selected article on your behalf
Required = Required Field
Choose captcha format: Image or Audio. Click here if you need help.? Periodic lane restrictions are scheduled Wednesday, Oct. 15 through Wednesday, Nov. 7, at the following locations, as Bridge Masters perform routine bridge maintenance work in Franklin, Jefferson and Leon Counties.
Franklin County -
State Road (S.R.) 30 / U.S. 98 Tillie Miller Bridge in Carrabelle, over the Carrabelle River
S.R. 30 / U.S. 98 Porter Bar Creek Bridge, 2.5 miles west of S.R. 65
Jefferson County -
S.R. 10 / U.S. 90 Noname Creek Bridge, two miles west of Monticello
Leon County -
S.R. 263 Munson Slough Bridge. There will be no lane closures between 5 a.m. and 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. until 6 p.m.
S.R. 61 / Monroe Street, Bloxham Street Bridge. There will be no lane closures between 5 a.m. and 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. until 6 p.m.
S.R. 366 / Pensacola Street at the Central Drive culvert, near the south end of FSU Stadium. There will be no lane closures between 6 a.m. and 7 p.m.
S.R. 20 Freeman Creek Bridge, 3.1 miles east of S.R. 267. There will be no lane closures between 5 a.m. and 9 a.m. and from 4 p.m. until 7 p.m.
S.R. 20 Polk Creek Bridge, 6.7 miles east of S.R. 267. There will be no lane closures between 5 a.m. and 9 a.m. and from 4 p.m. until 7 p.m.
? Lane closures will occur 24 hours a day on State Road (S.R.) 59, one-half mile north of U.S. 27 in Monticello will occur Monday, Oct. 15 through Thursday, Oct. 18. This will allow APAC construction crews to continue paving.
? BeginningHello all- Sorry for the breathless tone, but i’m desperate need of a filing solution after a grueling week in Tyre with no reliable internet access. I’m wondering if anyone in Lebanon has an old BGAN that I might buy/rent/borrow (I pay charges regardless). Or maybe someone knows where I could get one on short notice. Within a couple of days.
Failing that, anyone know where I could find a Thuraya USB data cable. On their website, they say it supports Macs.
Failing THAT, how about a usb-to-serial adapter?
As I’m in Lebanon, we’re under embargo, which makes getting anything in very difficult, but if anyone knows anyone who knows anyone, etc., I would be really, really grateful.
Thanks so much and any quick response are much appreciated.
thanks!
chris
by
[a former member]
at
2006-07-29 19:07:07 UTC
(ed.
Mar 12 2008
)
Beirut
,
Lebanon
|
BookmarkReport spam→
Is it stills, or text? I don’t know the situation in Beirut, but if landlines are working you might be better off tracking one down and using that. Satphones might be slow or flaky as all the media is using the bandwidth.
Try an internet cafe, hotel business centre, someone’s house…
So, thanks for the suggestions, but need something for the field. Sorry for the initial confusion.
I don’t have a solution for you but as an army guy I’m thinking, why on earth didn’t you go there with a BGAN in the first place!? A war zone. Live and learn. Good luck next time!
Sgt Frank Hudec
Cameraman/Canadian Forces Army News
Apologies if I am telling you how to suck eggs, but as I gather you’re filing words alone (?) have you considered sending over cell phone? Generally a breeze for small transmissions. Or has the infrastructure been knocked out in Tyre?
Regards,
Wade.
Are you in Tyre(Sour)at the moment? I know one photographer who is there at the moment who has BGAN.
Ask around for the English Photographer Jason Howe…he is on LS so do a search…Also Daniel Barry who so kindly brought me in some film is heading to Tyre soon & he also has BGAN.Daniel is also on LS.
Lebanese cell phones are not working south of Saida(I was there yesterday)so you might ave to be in Tyre to get in contact… I am shooting film which is less of a headache.
If your in Tyre stay cool & safe.
BTW Sgt!Why dont you do a parachute jump into the hot zone & bring in a box full of BGAN’s!
Mark
I was in Sour all last week and just came up to Beirut to solve my logistical problems. Now qana. Jesus. I will be back down there tomorrow or so.
You know Mark, I just find it kinda funny that some seasoned PJ’s wouldn’t think of these things ahead of time. What do you expect in any war zone? Cell-phone coverage? Bank machines? High-speed Internet cafes? Four-lane highways? Full-serve gas stations? 24-hour supermarkets? …..
Stay safe.
Need someone to split with? I am staying in the Mayflower Hotel Hamra Room 818 if you get this before you leave & need someone to split with. A reliable driver is paramount…I was with a real fuckwit yesterday who got lost near the destroyed power station at Jiye, North of Saida & got buzzed twice by IAF because we were the only thing moving.
Let me know if you get this in time.
I was at the Mayflower in March this year and spent a few days with a good driver/translator. Ahmad Moussa, he’s one of the drivers down on the corner between Mayflower and Rue Bliss. He’s an older guy with a decent mercedes wagon. He was pretty good dealing with all the checkpoints, but I’m not sure what he’s up to with the current scenario. He never once tried to rip me off, good all round guy. Look him up if you want someone decent.
Jamie
Thanks anywayUNITED STATES OFFICE
Monaco Government Tourist and Convention Bureau
565, Fifth Avenue - 23rd Floor
New York, N.Y. 10017
USA
Tel: +1 212 286 33 30
Toll free (USA): (800) 753 9696
Make a note of the date – the Monte-Carlo Beach Volleyball will take place on 15 and 16 June 2013 on Larvotto Beach!
The best national women's Beach Volleyball teams, including the Brazilian and American teams, will meet in Monaco for an exciting competition from 15 to 16 June.
The tournament will take place in Larvotto. There will be a total of 18 matches over the two days, as well as some fun entertainment.
Program for the tournaments
Wednesday 12 June: 2nd University Beach Volleyball Tournament
Thursday 13 June: Final of the Albert II Beach Volleyball Trophy
Friday 14 June: MCBV partners tournament
Saturday 15 June: Qualifying matches
Sunday 16 June: Finals
Further information:
Number of views : 474 Organizing the 5th "St. Devota Tournament"Pluto Was a Planet
Tuesday, December 08, 2009.
Dr.Tyson is amazing! im 12 years old and i love him!
If a *planet* the size and mass of Mercury, which wouldn't "clear its orbit," whatever the hell that's supposed to mean, were ever discovered in the Kuiper Belt, it would be interesting to see how the dynamicists explain how it isn't a planet but Mercury is.
I don't know where Tyson got the ridiculous idea that the position of those of us who recognize that Pluto is a planet has anything to do with cartoon dogs, but if he really believes that, he needs to get out more.
That was a good talk Neil. It is reasonable to group Pluto in a class of spherical objects that are more notable than asteroids but are not dominant in their orbit.
The idea behind the IAU definition is to clear the orbit or control the orbit (of similarly sized objects). In this case there are 6 theoretically spherical objects (based on Spitzer diameter estimates) in a 2:3 resonance with Neptune. Objects in the 2:3 resonance are known as Plutinos. These 6 spherical objects in the 2:3 resonance are: Pluto, 90482 Orcus, 28978 Ixion, (84922) 2003 VS2, 38628 Huya, and (208996) 2003 AZ84.
Any definition can be nitpicked. It would also be weird to call Pluto a planet based on geophysical characteristics and then exclude Triton, Titan, Europa, etc.
I still prefer to classify planets as either special (the 8 major dynamical bodies), or as a very inclusive group including spherical secondary planets. In the latter case we would already have about 70+ planets in the Solar System. We would have 8 dominant, ~18 secondaries, and 40-60 likely dwarfs.
-- Kevin Heider
Pluto is still a planet, and neither it nor the issue is dead..
Erica [8]--that's what I thought too, but Merriam-Webster's etymology connects it to a Greek root, "plein," that means "flow." How that leads to "rule by the rich" it doesn't explain.
Weren't the estimates off considerably the last time a near-Earth object came close to us, just in the last year or 2?
Does he believe that Cosmic Rays are the cause of Global Warming?
I'm not sure about Erica's comment regarding the etymology of "plutocracy," but a look in the dictionary shows that "ploutos" is a Greek word for "wealth." That may indeed be connected to the chthonic god Pluto, but the Greek word "ploutokratia" is our word's closest relative.
It's segments like this and the earlier one about wheat that make me feel that I have learned more during my seven years of retirement listening to WNYC than I ever did during all of my classroom studying up to and including my undergraduate degree.
What do we know about planets in other solar systems?
Pluto, as god of the Underworld presided over the wealth of gems and metals, hence- Plutocracy- rule by the wealthy
All I'm saying is, now how will that phrase used to memorize the planets in order read: My Mother Just Served Us Nine _______. Totally ruined. Existentially left hanging.
Maybe Disney's Pluto for some, but when I was a small child and read about Pluto for the first time in our family's World Book Encyclopedia, I was drawn to it because it was the littlest planet, like me as a child, the furthest away, all the way out there in the cold, and the youngest one in terms of our awareness (the last planet added to the list). It was not a Disney dog but a child's identification with the Underdog of the Planets.
So of course there was internal reaction when it got bumped from the family of planets.
re: plutocracy. Pluto/Hades, being the god of the underworld, was also god of the earth's riches (gems, precious metals, etc.) Most of the major Greek and Roman deities wore many hats.
Don't forget that Disney recruited all these German scientists post WWII with dubious records..
5 bob
agreed!! nothing new in 3 years????
why this topic is still so important? enough already. done. pluto planet. gone. dead. just a huge rock.
i believe mr. tyson has many other interesting stories to tell. r
I read the book "Death by Black Hole" I found it to be useful for a neophyte like me. My only suggestion is that I wish you had included some diagrams or pictures to make it easier for me to understand some of the topics you wrote about.
I wound up having to reference the internet/wikipedia to make things clearer for me.
Dr. Tyson- Is it true that Mercury used to be a larger planet, but, because of its proximity to the Sun, most of it has burned away?
I agree with George. I've been noticing people listening to Michio Kaku's lectures on 3 Civilizations as well. DR. TYSON WE NEED YOU NOW!
Please debunk the Nibiru 2012 nonsense.Company Type:
Manufacturer
Norit X-Flow manufactures membranes and modules for filtration, separation, concentration and purification processes of water, wastewater for industries and municipalities. We have expertise and experience in all water areas, from potable water production to treatment of process and wastewater. Our extensive portfolio of membrane products assures the right specifications for each application.February 24 - General Motors hands 45,000 of its hourly US workers an average bonus of $4,300 (£2,669) after the country's biggest car maker roared back to profit. The move was in stark contrast to less than two years ago, when employees faced the prospect of the company collapsing.
February 1 - General Motors says US sales rose 22pc in January, topping analysts’ estimates, as deliveries of small sport-utility vehicles and other new models gained.
2010 - A NEW ROAD TRIP BEGINS
November 18 - General Motors returns to the stock market in the biggest flotation in Wall Street history, capping a remarkable comeback. It followed a final day of frenzied orders for GM shares with seven times more buyers than shares on offer. The Detroit-based company increased the number on shares on offer and raised the price from $26 to $33 a share, raising $20.1bn. It has the option to sell up to $23.1bn, which would eclipse Agricultural Bank of China as the biggest flotation in history.
August 12 - Ed Whitacre says he will step down as chief executive and chairman. Board member Dan Akerson, 61, is named to succeed him.
August 5 - Whitacre says GM readying IPO documents.
July 22 - Announces $3.5bn deal for AmeriCredit, seen as as building block toward floatation.
June 16 - Company says it will restructure Opel without European aid after government talks get bogged down.
May 17 - GM says it has a "good chance" to report its first full-year profit since 2004.
April 21 - Whitacre says IPO is "real possibility" by the end of 2010.
February 2010 - Spyker cars shareholders approve deal to acquire Saab from GM.
2009 - OVERHAUL
November 2009 - GM reverses course and decides to keep and restructure its Opel unit in Europe.
September 2009 - Agrees to sell a 55pc stake in its Opel unit in Europe to a Russian-state backed group led by car parts group Magna.
July 2009 - Emerges from bankruptcy with four core brands and majority owned by the US government.
June 1, 2009 - Files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
---------------
May 28, 2009 - US Treasury and General Motors make new equity exchange offer under which bondholders would be offered 10pc of a reorganized company and given warrants to purchase another 15pc.
May 27, 2009 - GM's offer to exchange $27 billion in bond debt for a 10pc stake in a reorganized company fails.
May 22, 2009 - Borrows another $4 billion from the U.S. Treasury and reaches deal with Canadian auto workers.
May 21, 2009 - Announces a new cost-saving labor agreement with the UAW, under which UAW-aligned healthcare trust will receive half of the $20 billion debt GM owes the fund in the form of stock and new debt, instead of cash.
May 15, 2009 - Unveils plans to drop 1,100 of its smaller, less-profitable dealerships.
May 7, 2009 - Posts a first-quarter net loss of $6 billion and a cash burn of $10.2 billion.
May 5, 2009 - GM details plans to all but wipe out the holdings of remaining shareholders by issuing up to 60 billion new shares in a bid to pay off debt to the U.S. government, bondholders and the UAW.
--------------- billion in debt by about 90 percent of bondholders.
April 22, 2009 - GM says unlikely to make a $1 billion debt payment due June 1.
April 17, 2009 - Readying detailed plans for bankruptcy filing as it races to complete a business plan under federal oversight.
---------------
March 30, 2009 - Chief executive Rick Wagoner ousted by US government, replaced by chief operating officer Fritz Henderson. Company also given 60 days to develop new restructuring plan.
March 5, 2009 - Company's auditors raise "substantial doubt" about its ability to survive outside bankruptcy.
---------------
Feb 26, 2009 - Posts 2008 loss of $30.9 billion.
Feb 17, 2009 - Raises US funding request to a total of $30 billion, announces plans to cut global workforce by 47,000 and close five U.S. plants by 2012.
Feb 5, 2009 - GM announces plan to slash its global salaried workforce by about 10,000, or 14 percent and cut the pay of most remaining white-collar US workers.
--------------
Jan 21, 2009 - Toyota surpasses General Motors as the world's largest automaker for the first time.
2008 - RUNNING OUT OF ROAD
Dec 2, 2008 - GM seeks US government aid of up to $18 billion.
Dec 19, 2008 - Chrysler and General Motors granted $17.4 billion in government loans.
Nov 2008 - Warns its liquidity will fall short of the minimum needed to run its business by the first half of 2009.
Sept 2008 - Holds merger talks with Chrysler but walks away in November to focus on preserving cash.
July 2008 - Announces plans to cut costs by $10 billion and raise $5 billion through borrowing and asset sales.
June 2008 - Hummer brand put under on review, ahead of a possible sale.
2007
GM signs deal with the UAW, which includes shifting GM's retiree health care liabilities to an independent trust.
2005
Pays $2 billion to Fiat to cancel "put" option under its deal and buy its way out of the alliance.
2002
Signs deal to buy most of Daewoo Motor.
2000
Buys 20pc of Italy's automaker Fiat for $2.4 billion in GM stock. The deal includes a "put" option that gives Fiat the right to force GM to buy the remainder of the Italian automaker.
Company also decides to kill the Oldsmobile brand.
1999
Buys 20pc of Subaru-maker Fuji Heavy Industries. Later sells stake. Company also spins off partsmaker Delphi. Delphi's US operations enter Chapter 11 reorganization in 2005, where they remain.
1998
A 56-day strike at GM's Flint stamping operations shuts all of GM's North American assembly plants.
1990
Launch of the Saturn.
1990
Acquires 50pc stake in Sweden's Saab and purchases the remaining half a decade later.
1986
Purchases British sports car maker Lotus. It later sold the manufacturer in 1993.
1981
GM and Toyota Motor Corp form a joint venture, known as NUMMI, to build cars in Fremont, California.
Company also buys about 5pc of Suzuki Motor. It raises the stake to 20pc in 2000, but later sells this down to 3pc.
1971
Deal to buy 34.2pc of Japan's Isuzu. Raises stake to 49pc in 1998 and later sells it.
1937
After a bitter strike, GM recognizes the United Auto Workers (UAW) as the bargaining representative for its hourly workers. The union will come to own a 19.93pc stake including warrants, which is aims to sell down to 15.33pc in the floatation.
1929
GM buys 80pc stake in German carmaker Adam Opel.
1919
Company creates captive finance arm, GMAC.
1908
General Motors founded in Flint, Michigan.Android fragmentation issue is overblown, says platform’s co-founder
Stop moaning about Android fragmentation, it’s fine – most people are happy with their devices, says Android co-founder Rich Miner
The issue of Android fragmentation is grossly overblown according to one of the founding members of Google’s Android platform.
Speaking at the Massachusetts Technology Leadership Council’s technology forum, Rich Miner voiced his opinions on why fragmentation – at least these days – isn’t such a big deal inside the Android kingdom.
‘I think this is a bit of an overblown issue, frankly. Don’t forget, there are 1.5 million Android phones being activated every single day. There are 900 million devices out in the market,’ said Miner.
And Miner sort of has a point, too – upwards of 60 percent of Android devices are now running Android Ice Cream Sandwich, and when you combine this with things like TouchWiz and Sense overlays you can see his line of reason: most people either a) won’t care their device isn’t running 4.2 or b) won’t notice.
‘I think if you asked a consumer, “do you feel like your phone OS needs to be updated today?” they’re pretty happy with the results and the performance they’re seeing. So I’m not sure it’s a major issue,’ Miner added.
Ice Cream Sandwich introduced a lot of updates to Google’s Android platform – it was something of a watershed moment for the OS, and the first real sign for many that Google well and truly had Apple beaten.
Android Jelly Bean took it a couple of steps further with the addition of Project Butter and better security, but aside from these features the core experience is remarkably similar (even more so to the untrained eye).
The real issue with update issues lies with OEMs, argues Miner. Google does the software, pushes it out, and it’s up to companies like Samsung, HTC, LG, Sony, and Huawei to get them working on their devices. Basically, it’s not Google’s problem.
‘The,’ concluded Miner.
Fragmentation is still apparent within the Android Kingdom, but with more and more handsets running Ice Cream Sandwich and Jelly Bean (61.2 percent, respectively, according to the latest Google stats) it is increasingly becoming a moot issue.
34.1 percent of handsets still run Gingerbread and while this is problematic – especially with regards to services, app compatibility, and security – that figure should decrease dramatically inside the next six months.
What’s your take?University of DubuqueNews & EventsCalendarAcademic
Christmas on the Quad
- Date:
- December 7, 2012
- Time:
- 4:00 PM — 5:00 PM
- Location:
- BL-Chapel
- Victoria Molle
The University of Dubuque invites students, faculty, staff, alumni, neighbors and friends to begin the season of Advent and to prepare for the coming of Christmas by joining in the 16th Annual Christmas on the Quad. Followed by the traditional lighting of the Bruce Spruce! Reception to follow.
Add this event to your calendarJohn Rogers "Without Chip Goodyear BHP is a ship wihout a captain. As China cools in 2008 because of U.S. recession, BHP will drop like a rock to low $30's."
its jimmy john rogers you guys
Yeah. I guess that's why Jim Rogers holds BHP and RTP as core holdings in his portfolio. He's only up about 400% since 2002. You will NEVER see BHP in the 30s ever again. Let's get real shall we?
Thanks for the quote. Whichever Rogers it is must be referring to the A$ BHP.AX shares (now around A$40)... or he is off his rocker. He also doesn't know a thing about BHP's management or Board. The Rio Tinto deal has been studied off and on for years, The latest offer originated about six or eight months ago before Goodyear left. In any event Kloppers is a good, experienced, intelligent, tough new CEO. Paul Anderson, CEO before Goodyear is on the Board, and Don Argus, very tough Chairman, plus other experienced, outside Directors are not going to let any CEO go off half-cocked.Nobody should pay any attention to, or be influenced by, so-called investment experts whether they are positive or negative on stocks, economy or markets. They know nothing, are blinded by their own ego, and often have ulterior motives. Ditto people who bash or pump shares.Link to BHP Board of Directors:
CNBS Europe showing headline re: London Board will require BHP bid by February 8th.BHP up in US today, remove some of the uncertainty, and buyers will move back in, IMHO.vocex12000iberiabank corp (IBKC:NASDAQ GS)
Last $64.76 USD
Change Today +0.05 / 0.08%
Volume 162.1K
IBKC On Other Exchanges
As of 8:10 PM 05/21/15 All times are local (Market data is delayed by at least 15 minutes).
Key Executives - iberiabank corp (IBKC)
Board Members - iberiabank corp (IBKC)
Executive Committees* - iberiabank corp (IBKC)
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Industry Analysis
IBKC
Industry Average
Sponsored Financial Commentaries
Sponsored Links
Report Data Issue
To contact IBERIAB.Constructed in 1866 by Elijah Oliver.He was the son of John Oliver and born in the cove in 1824. His original farm was destroyed during the U.S. Civil War by Confederate marauders. This cabin is considered a dog-trot cabin sence it has a breezeway between the main house and kitchen.People in the cove didn’t turn away strangers who may need food or a place to spend the night.The closed in portion of the front porch was a “stranger room” Elijah built for this reason.This cabin is located a short hike from the Cades Cove Loop Road in the Great Smoky Mountain NP
Artwork Comments
Nice shot love the sepia tone perfect for this type of image !
This is wonderful Gary………beautiful piece of history………the tones and lighting here are perfect….
Really nice image in sepia color, well done!
excellent capture Gary! great as a BW!
Wow, interesting place. Great job with the sepia effect it’s perfect.
Another gorgeous one! How many of these do you have hanging on your wall? I hope a few!!!
Great composition and tone,,, Excellent image!!
Great vantage point Gary… turned out fantastic! :-)
Another great shot Gary, good job
I really love this one, Gary. Great angle, and I love that you’ve included enough of the setting to show it’s surrounding woodlands. Beautifully done!General Scientific Principles
Written: 1998.08.29
Last Revised: 1998.12.19
Upper/Lower Limits | Efficiency | Force, Energy, and Power | Newton's Laws | Gravity | Relativity | Philosophy | Process Analysis
There appears to be considerable confusion about the meaning of upper and lower limits.
An upper limit is a figure for the absolute highest possible value of a given figure (ie- the figure cannot possibly be higher than this limit, but it can be much lower). As an example, if a matter/antimatter reactor consumes 100kg of antimatter, then an upper limit for its energy output would be 2·100·c² = 1.8E19 joules. In other words, it is physically impossible for a matter/antimatter reactor to produce more than 1.8E19 joules from 100kg of antimatter fuel. In fact, the costs of operating the reactor and various process inefficiencies would most likely reduce such a reactor's true power output dramatically, usually to a small fraction of the upper limit. Typically, trekkies calculate upper limits and then treat those limits as order-of-magnitude estimates rather than limits!
A lower limit is a figure for the absolute lowest theoretically possible value of a given figure. As an example, if a 1kg block of steel is heated from 300K to 400K with no other changes, the change in its enthalpy is roughly 60kJ. It is impossible to heat it thusly without expending at least 60 kJ, because the energy state of the system has increased by 60kJ. In reality the energy expenditure will be higher due to process inefficiencies, and perhaps much higher. As with upper limits, lower limits are routinely misinterpreted by trekkies as estimates or even upper limits! Again, this routine misinterpretation may be due to either sheer ignorance or quasi-religious fanaticism.
The laws of physics, particularly the Second Law of Thermodynamics, prevent any process from ever being perfect. Nothing is 100% efficient anywhere in the universe. Nothing can be measured or controlled to 100% exact precision. No process can occur in zero elapsed time. These concepts are simple, easily understood, and obvious to any scientifically trained person. However, since most trekkies lack scientific training and more importantly, they lack the scientific mindset, they seem unable to grasp these simple concepts. Trekkie "analyses" of their technology invariably include phrases like "perfect targeting", "instant reaction", "100% efficiency", etc. even though any such assumptions inevitably lead to highly unrealistic upper limits rather than reasonable estimates.
The concepts of force, energy, and power are fundamental building blocks of science. No one can claim to have even a remote familiarity with science unless he or she has a firm grasp on these concepts- anyone without a firm grasp on these concepts cannot understand the more complex scientific principles.
Force: the Physics definition of Force (as opposed to the various unscientific colloquial definitions of force or The Force) is defined in Webster's New World Dictionary as "the cause, or agent, that puts an object at rest into motion or alters the motion of a moving object." That's probably as good as definition as any- a fundamental concept like force is difficult to define accurately without resorting to equations or circular definitions involving synonyms. In equation format, F=ma as implied by Newton's Second Law of Motion. In other words, the amount of force required to accelerate an object is proportional to the rate of acceleration multiplied by the mass of the object.
Energy
Definition: Energy is perhaps the most fundamental concept in science. All events and processes can be analyzed strictly in terms of energy balances, from obvious examples like power plants, drive motors, and refridgeration systems to less obvious examples like the biological processes in the human body and the severity of collisions. Energy balances can be used to determine whether a process is possible at all, and the extent to which a process is reversible. Energy can take many forms- mechanical, kinetic, electrical, thermal, electromagnetic, chemical, entropic, etc. A full description of all the various types of energies and the various methods by which they can be related to various situations and processes is obviously beyond the scope of this document. However, we can say that the units of energy have the dimensions of force multiplied by distance, although there are many other ways to combine units to result in energy.
The First Law of Thermodynamics: This law is the most fundamental concept of physics: it states that the total amount of energy in a closed system is constant. A more popular way of describing it is to say that energy can neither be created or destroyed, but I personally prefer the former definition. The meaning is the same in either case, but it is important to remind people of the importance of the closed system in energy analyses.
Energy Balances: Basically, energy balances involve "before and after" states of energy. An example is a 10kg block of steel resting on the ground compared to the same block suspended 10m above the ground. The suspended block has ~981J more potential energy than the block sitting on the ground, so at least 981J of energy will be required to go from one state to the other. The height change cannot be accomplished without adding 981J of energy (in some form or other) into the system because that would mean that some of its new potential energy came "out of nowhere", a clear violation of the First Law of Thermodynamics. If far more energy is poured into the system (say, 2kJ), then the excess energy must go somewhere- the block has only gained 981J of potential energy, so the extra 1019J must become something else, eg. thermal energy in the steel or the surrounding air. Note: it is perfectly possible to expend energy without adding energy to your intended target: if you push against a concrete wall with all of your might, you will expend large quantities of chemical energy within your body without adding any significant energy to the wall. This is not a violation of energy balances or the First Law of Thermodynamics- you expended energy in your body, but you never added any energy to the wall. In the overall scheme of things, chemical energy was transformed into thermal energy in your body but no mechanical energy was added to the system.
Case Study: the Genesis Device: The concept of energy balances is deceptively simple in definition, but it is misunderstood with frightening regularity, which is very ironic considering that people are talking about science fiction and claim to understand science. One example is the Genesis Device seen in ST2. Trekkies have advanced ludicrous energy estimates for the Genesis Device (the author of the Daystrom Institute Technical Library claims that a "conservative" estimate for the Genesis Device energy output is 2E48 J!), but in reality, their claims merely serve as good illustrations of how not to perform an energy balance:
The erroneous trekkie "analysis" goes as follows: the mass of the planet must collapse quickly to form a planet (actually, the author of the aforementioned propaganda claims that it formed an entire star system even though the entire process took place inside an existing star system). Therefore, we can generate some arbitrary figures for the size of the nebula (eg. Mr. Kennedy claims that the nebula is 1.5 light years wide even though it is small enough to fit inside a star system, reachable from a nearby planet within minutes at sublight velocities). Once we have generated these large and impressive (albeit totally incorrect) numbers, we can assume that the entire collapse process occurs in seconds (although the actual elapsed time is totally unknown). Since we have exaggerated this combination of nebula size and elapsed time to the point where it necessitates superluminal collapse speeds, we can then conclude that the matter is warp-driven (perhaps they put tiny warp nacelles on all of the little molecules). Therefore, we can use the warp-power chart in the TM to guesstimate the energy required to raise the speed of the matter by the necessary amount to form an entire solar system (even though only a planet was formed). Even if we disregard the various logical and dimensional errors in this analysis, we can easily determine that it violates the First Law of Thermodynamics for two reasons:
The change in energy states is negative, not positive! When a planet or even an entire star system is formed from a nebula, the energy state of the newly-formed planet (or star system, if one chooses to accept the author's non-canon assumptions about creating an entire star system) is actually tens of!
We can clearly see that the trekkie claims regarding the Genesis Device are based on a deplorable misunderstanding of the First Law of Thermodynamics; instead of comparing the "before" and "after" energy states, as anyone with thermodynamics or physics training would do, they make uneducated guesses about what happens during the process itself, and don't particularly care whether it makes any sense from the point of view of overall energy balances. To summarize, don't make the same mistakes made by trekkies: remember that "energy after" - "energy before" = "energy input". Thus endeth the lesson.
Power: Power is the rate at which energy is expended. A knowledge of both power and energy output is required to determine the destructive power of a weapon, because a small amount of energy can be released at a very high rate, thus resulting in a large power output, or a large amount of energy can be released at a very low rate, thus resulting in a low power output. In either case, the destructive capabilities of the weapon would be far lower than a high-power, high-energy weapon. A high-power, low-energy weapon will simply not be able to do a lot of work on its target, so the power level is only impressive from a mathematical standpoint. A low-power high-energy weapon may be able to perform a lot of work on its target, but if the power level is extremely low then various energy-dissipation mechanisms will come into play, preventing the energy from concentrating in a single location to the point where it can be dangerous.
Inertia: "Every body persists in its state of rest or of uniform motion in a straight line unless it is compelled to change that state by forces imposed on it."
Force and acceleration: "The rate of change of momentum of a body is proportional to the resultant force acting on the body and is in the direction of that force." This law is often expressed as the resultant equation, F=ma.
Action/reaction: "To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction; or, the mutual attractions of two bodies upon each other are always equal, and directed to contrary parts." This concept is very poorly understood by a large number of people. Let's suppose your mass is 70kg. As you sit in your chair under 1g conditions reading this page, you are therefore exerting roughly 690N of force upon the chair. The direct implication of Newton's third law is that the chair is exerting 690N of force back up against your posterior. Similarly, when an aircraft moves through the atmosphere at constant speed, its engines push it forward with (for example) 250kN of force. The aerodynamic drag of the aircraft must push back with the same force.
Newton's law of universal gravitation is as follows: "The force between any two particles having masses m1 and m2 separated by a distance r is an attraction acting along the line joining the particles and has the magnitude F=Gm1m2/r² where G is a universal constant having the same value for all pairs of particles." The value of G has been experimentally determined (see the Constants page), and r is the distance between the two particles.
The above equation is often applied to large objects by idealizing those objects into point-masses where the entire mass of the object is considered to be located at its centre of gravity. Note that this idealization is invalid when one object is inside another (eg- a small object buried deep within the Earth), but it can be used when the objects are separate.
The gravitational potential energy can be determined by integrating the gravitational force equation from r to infinity. The result is that the gravitational potential energy of one object with respect to another works out to U=-Gm1m2/r. The negative sign is not a mistype; the potential energy is zero at infinite distances and decreases as the separation distance decreases. This is not intuitive but many scientific concepts are not instantly intuitive, in spite of Federation cultists' concerted efforts to rewrite science to conform to their intuitive beliefs. As the distance decreases, the potential energy must also decrease. If the sign were reversed, we would find that the potential energy would continually increase as the two objects approach. In other words, the potential energy of an object falling toward the Earth would increase as it falls! This is obviously a ludicrous solution, so hopefully it should be obvious why the sign is negative.
A common exercise is to determine an object's escape velocity from a celestial object such as a planet, moon, or star. Escape velocity is defined as the velocity at which an object's kinetic energy is equal to the magnitude of its gravitational potential energy. In other words, 0.5mv²=GmM/r where m is the small object's mass, M is the celestial body's mass, and r is the initial distance between their centres of gravity. We can easily rearrange the equation to find that v²=2GM/r; note that the escape velocity is independent of the smaller object's mass. For an object on Earth's surface, we can easily substitute G=6.67E-11, M=5.97E24, and r=6.37E6 to find that v=1.12E4 m/s.
Another exercise is to determine the binding energy of a system of particles (such as a planet being destroyed by the Death Star). The basic principle is that the binding energy of a system of particles is equal to the sum total of the magnitudes of the gravitational potential energy existing between any two particles in that system. For a system of only three particles A, B, and C, the binding energy would be the sum total of the magnitude of the gravitational potential energy between A+C added to the potential energy between B+C added to the potential energy between A+C.
The 20th century Earth scientist known as Einstein was the first of his species to strike upon two concepts:
The laws of physics are the same in all inertial frames. No preferred inertial frame exists.
The speed of light is the same in all inertial frames.
From these two basic postulates the entire field of General Relativity appeared. Numerous conclusions were drawn about the relationship between matter and energy based on the above two basic postulates, such as the following:
Matter-Energy equivalence: E = mc². This formula describes the relationship between energy and mass- if a given amount of mass is completely converted to energy, it will release a quantity of energy equal to its mass multiplied by the speed of light squared, which is 9E16 m²/s².
Mass dilation:
This formula describes the relationship between rest-mass and true mass, as velocity increases. For a 1kg object traveling at 0.99c, its relativistic mass will be more than 7 kg.
Time dilation:
This formula assigns quantitative values to the basic concept that "moving clocks run slow". As speeds increase, the perception of time's passage slows down. An observer traveling at 0.99c would experience the passage of 0.14 seconds for every second that passes from the point of view of a stationary observer.
Length dilation:
This formula describes the increase in length associated with increasing speeds. In other words, a fast object becomes longer and conversely, a fast-moving observer will perceive slow-moving objects to be shorter. An observer traveling at 0.99c would perceive a 1m long object as being only 0.14m long.
Kinetic energy: The kinetic energy of an object moving at relativistic speeds is (m-mo)·c². If one substitutes the mass increase equation into that formula, it can be determined that when v is small, the equation simplifies to the classical equation, KE=0.5mv². For a 1kg object traveling at 0.99c, Newtonian physics predicts a kinetic energy of 4.41E16 J, while general relativity predicts kinetic energy of 5.48E17 J, more than 12 times larger. Note that this is actually higher than the energy yield that would come from annihilating the 1kg mass entirely into energy.
Momentum: The momentum of an object moving at relativistic speeds is calculated by simply substituting the relativistic mass into the classical p=mv equation. A 1kg object traveling at 0.99c will have 2.97E8 kg·m/s of linear momentum according to Newtonian physics and 2.11E9 kg·m/s of linear momentum according to general relativity.
The philosophy of science is a subject for much discussion and a real discussion is beyond the scope of this document. However, the basic philosophy of science is that it exists to describe the physical universe. The key word is "describe." It does not exist to promulgate belief systems, support or deny any particular set of beliefs, or create technology. Its profound impact on society and technology is a side-effect, not its intended purpose.
The basic scientific method is quite simple: analyze measured data, formulate theories which fit the data, and then perform experiments designed to disprove the theories. If those experiments fail to disprove those theories, the theories gain weight. Notice here the important distinction between failing to disprove a theory and proving the theory. It is impossible to prove a scientific theory.
Suppose we have numerous theories which we have failed to disprove, and which fit the facts. How do we choose between them? We use Occam's Razor, which states that when faced with numerous theories that all fit the facts, the simplest theory will always be the correct one. This may sound like an arbitrary decision, but it is not: this is the way the universe works. Without Occam's Razor, we could potentially generate an infinite number of theories, of progressively increasing complexity, to explain any given phenomenon.
An interesting tendency of trekkies is their propensity for discussion of process rather than measurement of results. Anyone wishing to maintain any remote adherence to science must remember that science and engineering are both based on the measurement of results, not discussion of process. Without measured data, scientists would never be able to sort nonsensical theories out from valid theories. Energy balances, for example, are entirely based on the measurement of energy states before and after a process, rather than examining what happens inside the process itself. If we wish to understand the process, we always perform the energy balance first, and then attempt to derive any process analysis from that foundation.
How does this apply to trekkies? One example is the Federation "warp core." Instead of discussing the known capabilities and limitations of warp cores (ie- what they have and have not been able to do), or describing their fuel consumption as a basis for upper limits, the vast majority of trekkies assume that the upper limit is in fact the energy output! If a modern-day automotive engineer attempted to estimate automobile engine horsepower based on fuel consumption, he would be laughed out of work. Yet, this is the precise method that Federation cultists use to "estimate" warp core output!
If we were to analyze automobile engines based on their intake manifold fluid mechanics, fuel delivery system design, crankshaft geometry, camshaft profile, lifter design, valve geometry, air intake system design, fuel consumption, combustion chamber geometry, spark timing, etc., we would be expending an incredible amount of effort in a hopelessly futile endeavour. Depending on the set of assumptions and approximations we use, we would be able to arbitrarily calculate any of a wide range of horsepower figures, particularly if we base our analyses on superficial diagrams and descriptions (like the information in the TM) rather than complete engineering specifications. Even with complete engineering specifications, automotive engineers never know how powerful an engine will be until they actually hook it up to a dynamometer and measure its horsepower. Measurement of results rather than discussion of process; that is how it is done in the real world, and for good reason.
If trekkies want to generate realistic lower limits for any given technology, they need to perform energy balances to determine what they have and have not accomplished. For example, we know that Federation shuttlecraft, Imperial starfighters, Victory-class Star Destroyers, etc. can all easily escape the gravity well of a planet, so they are all capable of easily generating 6E7 J/kg for their mass. We know from official sources (the TM, BTM, and the ROTJ novelization) that both Federation and Imperial starships are capable of travelling at a significant fraction of the speed of light, and even exceeding the speed of light, but it is doubtful that their actual kinetic energy is commensurate with their apparent speed because it would require the annihilation of most of their mass into energy. In the case of Federation vessels, they claim to use a subspace "mass-lightening field" to achieve high speeds without expending large amounts of energy, and similarly extenuating circumstances may apply to Imperial starships. There is, of course, no scientific basis for a "mass-lightening" field, but we have no choice but to accept certain technobabble devices in science fiction series, otherwise the series collapse and almost none of the plot occurences are possible.
However, regardless of what disagreements might result from the measurement and discussion of phenomena, at least we would be discussing actual results rather than meaningless discussion of process (based of superficial diagrams and descriptions of technology which is not fully explained). Unlike measurement of results which generates established and undeniable capabilities, discussion of process merely generates huge volumes of discussion without meaningful conclusions.The Mid-Columbia Folklore Society will feature Straw Into Gold in a "House Concert" on Feb. 2 at 7 p.m.
The concert will be held at the Old Schoolhouse at the Crest of the Hill on Hwy. 35 in Mt. Hood.
Straw Into Gold has been performing music of heart and hearth in the Pacific Northwest since 1993. Its repertoire ranges from traditional folk music about weaving to arrangements of contemporary folk songs, to choral-like spiritual music. The ensemble is known for its clear, sweet blend of precise harmonies.
The group performs both a cappella and with its own instrumental accompaniment of autoharp, fiddle, guitar, piano and hand drum.
Straw Into Gold performs in handwoven costumes against a woven backdrop inlaid with wheat.
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.Map of Outdoors near Madrid
Browse 259 attractions, meet 55 travelers, 14 tour guides and discover 432 photos
This map features 8 outdoors in Madrid. TouristLink also features a map of all the outdoors in Spain Want more information? Check out this list of top ranking outdoors in Madrid
Check out our photos of "Outdoors near Madrid." Click a photo of a outdoor to see its location on the map and find out more information. We have photos of all 259 tourist attractions around Madrid or add your own (Click here to browse them).Compamia Ibiza Chair Seat Cushion (Set of 4)
The comfy Compamia Ibiza Chair Seat Cushion (Set of 4) (ISP990S-C-CA, ISP990S-C-CO, ISP990S-C-PA, ISP990S
Four Per Set:Like the Compamia Ibiza Dining Arm Chairs in the Miami Resin Wickerlook 5 Piece Dining Set, these cushions come in sets of four
Fits Right In:The multiple color choices allow you to complement your existing outdoor furniture color scheme
Dimensions
- Height: 1"
- Width: 23"
- Depth: 23"
-Reason #187204 Why No Black Woman Should Take Advice from Steve Harvey
This is the second of our two posts today. We here at WAOD didn't need this latest tidbit to form conclusions about Steve Harvey's inadequacy as a relationship "expert". All you had to know was A) Steve Harvey is a comedienne- I won't take his advice on how to cross a street and B) Steve Harvey has been married a bucket load of times- so I won't take his advice on how to makes significant decisions related to relationships--marriage or otherwise.
Now we have one of the former Mrs Harvies who is letting anyone who will listen know that Steve Harvey is not the "good Christian" he wants y'all to think he is.... PAGING Marvin Sapp! According to The YBF
-.
Of course much of this is tainted in jilted spouse-related scorn, but it just corroborates what any fool with critical thinking skills could have figured out.
Plus I checked out the first book from the library, its filled with foolishness.... but apparently many women are fools since he keep raking in the cash on these book sales.
So the next time y'all see Steve Harvey blubbering over some gospel song selection on one of these Black awards shows he likes to host, remember that this .... This woman is the mother of this man's son and he is clearly trying to destroy her.
Good luck with that Mary!
Reader Comments (28)
I don't get the Steve Harvey phenomenon. I guess I missed that class on getting advice on relationships from a person who is on his THIRD marriage. I'm not the least surprised about his behavior with his previous wife. I also read that book and was insulted by it's patronizing tone. I was horrified that a friend of mine recommended it to me. I thought she had better sense than that. When I read stories like this I feel like Noah and the ark. I'm getting on the ark of self-determination and self-respect. My sisters who want to stay on land and drown in the brainwashing are welcome to it.
@ Shekinah I understand what you are saying about that book (which, by the way, I heard he stole the title and basic concept of from a black woman.)
I was stunned and dismayed when some of my intelligent female friends, who I always had the utmost respect for, began raving about that book, recommending I buy a copy, and posting about it on their Facebook pages. I had to let them know a little about the author's history. Not sure if they got what I was saying. It was like they were so excited that a black man was writing a book about relationships that they did not bother to research his intentions or credentials.
I find Steve Harvey to be very slimy and he is a comedian. He is entitled to his opinion, but how does that make him a relationship expert? I also find the overall tone of his "advice" to be very sexist and patronizing.
Never really cared for Mr. Harvey. I never understood how someone could be on Kings of Comedy cursing every other word, then host a gospel awards show. That's like having Jenna Jamision host the Kids Choice awards.
Yep Gina, I picked that up in his first book too. I think he also cheated on his first wife with this woman. Regardless, he never addresses the men, only the women. In my eyes that makes him a sexist bully. Why do so many women believe that his advice will land them a decent man anyways.
Am I wrong to think that maybe Cosmo gives better advice on how to land a man than Steve Harvey and Messence.
Some black women buy his books because they are "zombies" like Gina said. Freaking "zombies". LOL! How can we expect other people to take us seriously when we don't even see that the joke is on us. SMDH.
Yeah... Steve Harvey is a hypocritical joker!!! People can say what they want about him truly caring about young men but I ain't buying it. The first young man he SHOULD be truly caring about is his son. How do you treat the mother of your son in this deplorable manner and expect for him to grow up having respect for women!
He is an overgrown manchild hustler and proves this over and over and over again!
I don't take up for zombies, the writing is on the wall. There is nothing more pathetic than a zombie over 35 (Steves book fanbase). When I saw his book signing TV I thought I would see a bunch of 20 somethings. These were grown women 35 plus.
So after you are grown and have kids you wanna read a book to learn the game, the men you were with didn't leave you with lessons? or are they obsessed with playing the victim.
I would like to know what you guys think about the fact that since he was a womenizer, wouldn't he be the best person to give you advice on such men? Help younotice the traits of men who only want to play games?
FYI: I have yet to read the book. I'm just asking.
@ QueenSafira
If Steve's game was strong he wouldn't have an ex blasting him on Youtube.
That's what I've been saying all along DUDE IS A COMEDIAN.
I don't believe most people would seriously take advice from David Letterman on healthy relationships and marriage.
You have to be some kind of low to do that given his past.Some women knew about Steve when they bought that book SMH.
I just interviewed the author of "Why Do I Have to Act Like a Man?" whom Mary reached out to recently. All I can say is...wow. The fact that Mr. Harvey has so many women following behind him in lockstep is both baffling and sad.
Steve Harvey is a relative of my brother in law's. According to my BIL, this man treats his flesh-and-blood family extremely poorly and has an extremely exalted opinion of himself.
The problem is the type of advice these comedians give, particularly targeted to women and young girls. Steve Harvey, Monique, Sherri Shepard, Chris Rock...these people have no type of formal education, no creditials to be a therapist.
Hmmm! His current wife is to blame as well. Yes, blame him, but blame her as well. She was an opportunist. She will always be the other woman. She needs to be prepared when another set of legs with a higher priority than hers come walking through the door, she better be prepared for deja vu. God don't like ugly. I would seek relationship counseling from my gray cat, Tate before I would even considering taking advice from this man. He is a joke - a comedian, who is jumping on the band wagon of triggers to get black people to respond to ignorance. Steve Harvey is a trend. You want relationship counseling, see someone who can back up their advice with results, rather that conjecture or riding to make on fortune, because of his name. But, he knows that many folks are foolish, folks like drama and folks want a quick fix at something that takes commitment, time and hard work to keep it going strong. Steve is trying to build wealth, he has a clothing and accessories line, etc. Come on ladies wake the hell up!
I remember when Steve first came on the scene as a contestant on Showtime at the Apollo. He as REALLY funny and I like him alot. His comedy was different and refreshing and relatively clean. When he went on to become the host of Showtime at the Apollo for a little while, I liked him even more. But after he blew up and started to get bigger, something happened to him. I developed a strong distaste for him around the time of the first Kings of Comedy tour. I saw him perform and he came across as mean-spirited. Lots of comedians clown audience members as part of their act. Most of the time, the comeidans know where to draw the line and when to let up. Steve would take it a bit too far. It was just something about him that made me uncomfortable. I then observed the same type of behavior and got the same vibe when I saw him on televsion (other than the Steve Harvey Show) and heard him in interviews. It eventually got to the point where I couldn't even stand to hear him speak. The man's voice grates on my ears like nails on a chalkboard.
One of my good friends works in PR and had the displeasure of meeting Steve Harvey a few years ago when he hosted the Black Family Reunion. She told me the he is an absolute JERK. He refused to speak to any of the "underlings" directly. They had to speak to his assistant, and the assistant would tell Steve what they said. Steve would be sitting LESS THAN FIVE FEET AWAY FROM HER, but he would not address her directly. She had to tell his assistant, and the assitant would repeat to Steve VERBATIM what she had just said. Then he would answer the assistant, and the assistant would repeat VERBATIM to her what Steve had just said. I called my friend a liar because surely no one could be this ignorat. Unfortunately she was telling the truth.
So none of what Mary is saying surprises me. Steve is behaving in a vile manner. And why is he suing her because Oprah wouldn't give him a show? (Doesn't he know that Oprah does not give shows to black people except Gail... but I digress...) He has already taken EVERYTHING from Mary. She has nothing. What exactly does he think he's going to get from her with this lawsuit? Her underwear? This just confirms what I suspected years ago, the man is mean-spirited. But I have a feeling that Karma is getting ready to bite Steve in the butt and he is in for a fall of GIGANTIC proportions.
@ Blkchik
I couldn't have said it better myself. Shouldn't your past failed relationships teach you a lesson? A lot of this stuff is common sense. Most relationship advice given to women is patronizing and offensive. It assumes that men are simple creatures who send clear messages and women are emotional idiots who constantly make the wrong moves. If you want a man like Steve Harvey, this is the book for you.
Steve Harvey is as many have said a comedian and a womanizer..
Thank you Blogmother for keeping it real and uncovering the foolishness...
Please excuse the typos in my previous post.
I forgot to include that the last time I saw Steve Harvey live was in the mid-2000's at the MegaFest. The MegaFest is a large gospel convention that TD Jakes used to put on every summer in Atlanta. My mother invited me to go with her to the Christian Comedy show at Phillips Arena. Steve Harvey was the host. Now I was immeidately suspect, because I had already seen Kings of Comedy years before and I KNEW the kind of comedy that Steve Harvey performed. I could not for the life of me understand why anyone would want Steve to host a Christian comedy event. He was actually doing a decent job, but of course he had a "moment" and forgot his audience. During one of his routines between acts he was telling a story where he accidentally on purpose implied that he is well-endowed. The crowd was pretty queit, there was some nervous laughter here and there, but mainly crickets. Two young ladies who were sitting about 20 rows from the front of the stage got up and walked out. Of course Steve did not like that. He made some snarky remarks along the lines of "EFF you witches-with-a b then" and continued to try to recover from his previous faux pas. After the next act was done and he had to come back out, he pulled the "God is working on me" card, complete with covering his face with his hand, shaking his head and appearing to be holding back tears. Note that he did not apologize for his inappropriate joke or for trying to clown the women who left. But the crowd ate it up like fresh biscuits on Sunday morning. All I could do was sit there dumbfounded and shake my head at how gullible people are.
If Steve did all this evil, he will have his day. God don't like ugly.
If Steve Harvey went around having the Regina Grier character whining and referring to him as "Big Daddy" every five minutes on his sitcom from the defunct WB, I am not surprised with how he is in the real world. Even in "Love Don't Cost A Thing" his character was more concerned with his son "being a man" (i.e. having sex) than anything. I don't think he's acting I think that's how he is for real. He just seems scuzzy to me.
I can't believe there are women clamoring for this book and for him regardless of all this drama coming out.
"(Doesn't he know that Oprah does not give shows to black people except Gail... but I digress...)" - MommieDearest
So true! I honestly don't think Oprah likes Black people.
Steve Harvey is a joke and not a funny one. He is just doing what so many media outlets have done and exploiting the supposed sad state that we Black women are in. Unfortunately, like BET, Steve has a following. So like BET he's going to keep doing what he's doing.
OK, this is just RICH!!!! How clueless can a bunch of women possibly be??? Steve Harvey is the keynote speaker for Women's Empowerment 2011 in North Carolina. *smh*
So now the new wife is suing the ex. Steve can't maintain his own family situation and he writing books giving lessons.! Its a total mess, instead of writing books he needs advice, maybe he should call Dr Phil
From Rhymeswithsnitch.com:
"Faithful Rhymes with Snitch readers already knew half the dirt Mary dished in her videos, including allegations Steve was stepping out on their marriage with his current wife Marjorie, how he led Mary to believe she couldn't hire her own attorney for their divorce proceedings, and how, after finding out how dirty he did Mary, Oprah dropped plans to set Steve up Dr. Phil style"
I cannot believe this! Ok maybe I can but dang. How can you have so much skeletons in your closet but then preach to people as if your a holy man? Plus his new wife aint no saint either. I wonder how this whole thing is going to play out.
Val,
Oprah has plenty reasons not to like black people. Hell, I only like certain types of black people and that number hovers around 20 percent.
Steve Harvey is an idiot and the black people who accept him, Hill Harper, etc and other trifling black comedian actors as relationship experts are equally as stupid as I think Steve and Hill are.
@BLKSeaGoat,
"Val,
Oprah has plenty reasons not to like black people. Hell, I only like certain types of black people and that number hovers around 20 percent".
LOL, Come to think of it I sometimes feel that way.
Whoa, judgmental much? What's with all the hate and female bashing? If a sister wants to read Steve and his books and that helps her get through her day then that is her business. I read his book for research for my own upcoming book and can't say that I'm a Steve Harvey fan. I thought the book was simplistic but that said I don't think it's necessary to rag on the ladies for seeking solace between his pages. Maybe they got something out of it that we didn't. We're all entitled to have differing opinions about our literary tastes. As for Steve the man and not the author, what happened to the power of redemption? Maybe he was a reprobate 5 years ago or maybe just yesterday but can't people transform and change for the better? Isn't that what being 'saved' is all about? I'm not defending him, his past or his writing but damn, y'all take down the animosity a notch or two. Agree to disagree and keep it moving. It's not that serious.
@ The Super Sistah - BWHAHAHA Female bashing? First of all, you have some nerve coming up in here referring to women and girl's as "female." We aren't dogs, cats or lions- Then tell people to agree to disagree, but criticize people for disagreeing. You ARE a Steve Harvey fan, you are just too embarrassed to admit it. What about Mary? is she a "female " too? Are people entitled to criticize their opinion regarding how he treated her?
The Super Sistah is no sister at all, she's a MALE-IDENTIFIED woman who thinks women are disposable and men are Gods.
Steve Harvey's agent need to get off of this blog. LATE and LOUD!Travel Guide Europe United Kingdom England Yorkshire and the Humber East Riding of Yorkshire Hull
Hull (officially Kingston upon Hull) is a port city in East Riding of Yorkshire, Yorkshire and the Humber, England with around 260,000 inhabitants. is also well known from World War II and was one of the most bombed cities outside of London due to the activity at the port.
Hull is split into the following areas:
East and West Hull are seperated by the River Hull.
Hull has a number of public museums which are owned and operated by the local government. Entry is free and all are open from 9:00am - 5:00pm Monday till Friday as well as some reduced hours at weekends. Check the Hull City Council website for their weekend opening times.
Hull is also home to The Deep which is known as one of the most spectacular aquariums in the world. It is open daily from 10:00am till 5:00pm excluding December 24th - 25th. Tickets can be purchased online or when you arrive and parking is free.
Hull observes all British public holidays, a list of these can be found on the UK Government website.
Annually Hull hosts the Freedom Festival which is a free event with locations across the city centre. Freedom Festival celebrates, through artistic and cultural expression, Hull’s independent spirit and historic contribution to the cause of freedom.
In 2017, Hull will be the host of the UK City of Culture, the year long event promises one event every day of the year. The last City of Culture was Derry-Londonderry in Northern Ireland in 2013.
Humberside Airport (HUY) is situated around 30 minutes from Hull. Stagecoach Bus operates the Humber Flyer service into Hull from the airport every 90 minutes. National Express also offer coach services to Hull.
Paragon Railway Station is the only station servicing Hull. Local services here run to Scarborough and places in between as well as to York, Leeds, Doncaster and Sheffield. Hull trains operate daily direct services to and from London Kings Cross.
Hull is located off the A63 which runs directly into the city, the end of the A63 is the M62 which has links to the A1, M1, M18 and M60.
From the Netherlands
From Belgium
Hull has long had a traffic problem in rush hour. Expect to add an extra 20 minutes on your journey if you are travelling during rush hour and are going near the city centre.
The city has many parking areas including a few multi-story car parks located at Princess Quay shopping centre, St. Stephens shopping centre and Prospect Centre.
Stagecoach Bus and EYMS run frequent bus services to all parts of the city. The main interchange is found next to the train station on Ferens martyncoup a question about HullAsk martyncoup a question about Hull
I live here and have done all my life, great city you should come and visit!
Become a Travel Helper for Hull
This is version 18. Last edited at 10:01 on Jan 6, 15 by Utrecht. 8 articles link to this page.
Except where otherwise noted, content of this article is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 License?
Posted by Ferron Salniker | Tuesday, April 1st, 2014 | No Comments Sewn Products
Tuesday, April 29th
If you’re planning on producing apparel or sewn products, this workshop is for you!
Interested in hosting a youth intern at your business? Contact claire@sfmade.org for details.
SFMade Job Board
SFMade members can post a job on SFMade’s Job Board, and we’ll help you screen for qualified candidates too, including for seasonal hires! Email job descriptions to claire@sfmade.org.:
Space is limited for select activities, so reserve your spots early!
Mission Motors that they design and manufacture for other vehicle companies. They contract with other companies in the Bay Area for many of their parts and finish the product in their San Francisco factory and office. Their sister business, Mission Motorcycles, builds electric motorcycles.
“Being here is all about the people,” said Chris Zach, Director of Business Development. “We are able to hire the best people in the country because we are based in San Francisco.” The company has 32 employees in their SOMA factory.
Last month, Mission Motors hosted 17 high school students as part of a tour for Inside Manufacturing, a new SFMade program that exposes high school students to San Francisco’s manufacturers. “Our staff really enjoyed the opportunity to share what they’re doing, and the kids asked really insightful questions about the technology and business,” said Zach..).org
Site design and development by Mission MindedMay the Speed Force Be With You: "The Flash" Finale's Greatest Moments
TV
Showing results 1-40 of 44
Writer Landry Walker and artist J. Calafiore have a death wish in this exclusive look at DC Comics' "Red Lanterns" #38, on sale Jan. 28.
The writer hints at what's to come in his "Red Lanterns" opening arc, exploring whether Guy Gardner can still be considered a superhero.
The "Death of Wolverine" writer talks about his passion for space in Oni's "Letter 44," his intense schedule and what's next for his career.
Writer Tony Bedard tells CBR about "Supergirl's" time as a Red Lantern, her multiple crossovers and what befalls the Maid of Might in "Futures End."
Fast on the yellow heels of Sinestro, Atrocitus will be set loose into the world of "Infinite Crisis," the free-to-play multiplayer online battle arena game from WB Games.
"Justice League," "Superman" and "Harley Quinn" are among the final reveals for DC Comics' September "Futures End" 3D motion covers. discusses his DC Comics slate, and how his current busy comic book writing schedule is "literally a dream come true."
The prolific Charles Soule discusses his side-job as a lawyer, appointment TV for a busy comic writer -- but won't name a favorite fictional lawyer.
DC Comics releases a special flip-book containing both "Green Lantern" & "Red Lanterns" #28 on Feb. 5. Check out an exclusive preview of both!
Robert Venditti and Charles Soule discuss their "Green Lantern/Red Lantern" flip-book issue, Supergirl as a Red Lantern and Guy Gardner's sweet mustache.
"Supergirl" writer Tony Bedard discusses the decision to grant Kara Zor-El a Red Lantern ring and his future plans for the Maid of Might.
As DC Comics prepares for October's "Lights Out" event to roll through the Green Lantern titles, the publisher has released an early look at Charles Soule and Alessandro Vitti's "Red Lanterns" #24, on sale Oct. 23.
At Baltimore Comic-Con, DC Comics marked the second anniversary of The New 52 launch with a panel featuring Editor-in-Chief Bob Harras, David Finch, Jimmy Palmiotti, Amanda Conner, Robert Venditti and more.
As the threat of Relic approaches, Guy Gardner's mission continues in "Red Lanterns" #23. DC Comics has provided CBR with an exclusive preview of Charles Soule and Alesandro Vitti's next issue.
New architects behind DC's "Green Lantern" universe Robert Venditti, Van Jensen, Justin Jordan and Charles Soule discuss the future of the franchise at HeroesCon 2013.
Writer Charles Soule discusses his upcoming run on "Red Lanterns," explaining why his series has more in common with "Sons Of Anarchy" and "The Shield" than traditional sci-fi stories.
Courtesy of DC, CBR has an advance preview of "Red Lanterns" #21 by the new team of Charles Soule and Alessandro Vitti. Find out why Guy Gardner turns his back on the Corps on June 26!
Charles Soule, Peter Tomasi, Sterling Gates and more writers and artists join top editors Bob Harras and Bobbie Chase at C2E2 to discuss the latest developments in DC Comics' New 52...
Writer Peter Milligan speaks to CBR about the newest human "Red Lantern" in the DC Comics series and why family is on Constantine's brain in "Hellblazer."
"Red Lanterns" writer Peter Milligan spoke with CBR about fleshing out the most violent Corps in the DC Universe, the ramifications of Bleez's increased intellect and what a human Red Lantern may add to the mix.
DC Comics has provided CBR with an exclusive preview of "Red Lanterns" #2. The next chapter of Peter Milligan and Ed Benes exploration of the DCU's rage-filled Lantern Corps hits Wednesday, October 5.
DC Comics claims its relaunched number one issues are new reader-friendly, so CBR News asked non-comic book readers to weigh in on the latest batch of New 52 titles, including "Red Lanterns," "Superboy" and more.
Writer Tony Bedard spoke with CBR News about Kyle Rayner, Peter Milligan and his upcoming series "Green Lantern: New Guardians, part of DC Comics' fast-approaching September relaunch.
Courtesy of DC Comics, CBR presents an exclusive first look at the third issue covers for "Green Lantern," "Green Lantern: The New Guardians" and "Red Lanterns."
DC Comic’s Executive Editor Eddie Berganza, writer Peter Tomasi and artist Ed Benes joined DC CCO Geoff Johns to talk about the future of the Green Lantern Corps with fans at San Diego's Comic-Con International.
ROBOT 6 looks at DC Comics' line of Super-Pets books, noting how creators like Art Balthazar can make even rage-vomiting Red Lanterns kid-friendly.
The power of the Green Lantern Corps enters the world of Sony Online Entertainment and DC Entertainment's "DC Universe Online" later this summer.
Peter Milligan, writer for DC Comics' new “Red Lanterns” comic series out in September, spoke with CBR about Atrocitus and crew, as well as his sympathy for the Red Lantern Corps.
DC Comics and Geoff Johns have released details regarding the Green Lantern characters and series as the publisher readies for a line-wide September relaunch. UPDATED with solicitation info.WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — With the country heading closer to the edge of the so-called fiscal cliff, many Americans are hoping Congress will reach a compromise soon.
One UNCW professor says she has come up with a plan that would satisfy both sides.
“Almost all Americans that are paying income tax will see their taxes go up,” UNCW Accounting and Taxation Professor Dr. Cherie Hennig said. “We have agreement on the Republican and the Democratic side for 98 percent of the taxpayers seeing no increase. The disagreement is on that ‘two percent.'”
Hennig says she and three other tax professors across the country have come up with a plan to satisfy both sides. They call their plan the MAXTax Fix. The plan would cap the tax on small business owners at a 34-percent rate, which is the same as the corporate tax rate. They say the proposal agrees with the Republican idea of protecting small businesses from higher taxes.
“When Rep. (John) Boehner says that a tax increase to 39.6 percent would adversely affect small business owners, that is correct,” Hennig said
But the plan also acknowledges the Democrats’ stance that the wealthy can afford to pay more.
“It would give President Obama what he wants: an increase in the graduated tax rate so that the top rate would be 39.6 percent,” she said.
That highest rate would apply to people making at least $390,050.
Hennig believes the American people are tired of the fighting in Washington. She says there is no reason the two sides cannot come together.
“We come from different universities, different political backgrounds. If the four of us can agree, it seems that there should be the opportunity for Congress to come together in a compromise,” Hennig said.
The MAXTax Fix plan was published today in a major accounting journal. The authors also submitted directly to House Speaker Boehner.
6 Comments
That sounds like an idea a college “professor” would come up with, a left winger to be more exact, why should one oerson pay 39.6% and another pay nothing? Obviously an idea coming from someone that has never done a private sector job in their life, the problem in this country is not a lack of incoming funds, it’s a total lack of control over SPENDING someone else’s money!! No wonder the kids coming out of college nowadays with big diploma;s and titles are so confused and aren’t able to find jobs!
don’t agree with passing taxes on anyone…UNTIL our government reigns in SPENDING..however I see it as VERY unfair that they want to tax a single person that makes over 200,000 or a couple making over 250,000. MARRIAGE PENALTY!…if a single person can make 200 grand before being taxed at a higher rate, then a couple should be able to make 400 grand…
have no idea how the real world works. They spend their working years in an insulated cocoon of theory and couldn’t run a business if their lives depended on it.
There’s an old saying…”Those who can…do. Those who can’t…teach.”
So, I own a small business and I’m a one man band right now. I pay income tax. The profits from my company go into my income, which I pay tax on. Then I should pay corporate income tax or a “small business” income tax? I’m getting twice for the same earnings! It’s absurd. The entire concept of a corporate income tax should be eliminated.
I have an other fiscal cliff solution…
The democrats tell tax the richs. The republicans tell, don’t tax the richs, they have no more money, to create jobs. And only 25% of the richs really create the jobs, they are entrepreneurs.
The solution is : Tax the richs, and exempt the entrepreneurs.
You have tax income, from 75% of the richs.
The entrepreneurs have more money, to invest in them company and create jobs.
The other richs are stimulate, to create US jobs.
Is the triple action measure…
Richard Gauthier
…they are interested in themselves and their political party. Screw the people, screw the country…the new political agenda.900 Oak Ridge Road
Roosevelt Park, MI 49441
(231) 755-3721
Welcome to the City of Roosevelt Park website..
Coming Up
- 05/25/2015: City Hall is Closed »
- 05/26/2015: Planning Commission »
- 06/01/2015: City Council Meeting »
- 06/15/2015: City Council Meeting »Joe,
Reading the letter "What will America look like in two years" evoked a memory of what America looked like to me two years ago.
At the checkout of grocery store in the US, I came across a food bin by the door, collecting food for children. For children! My being appalled bemused my American born and reared cousin. As I explained to my cousin, in my sheltered life, living on the two relatively wealthy continents of Europe and Australia, I had only ever seen something like that once before. The bin I had formerly encountered collected food ... for dogs.
When I relayed this to my cousin, she pointed out that Americans expect parents to look after their children. I got cranky at this point and snapped, "So you let starve children to teach them to have better parents?" Normally with any contentious issue she would argue the toss or concede the point, but this time she didn't do either. She said nothing. Her eyes glazed over.
Is that survival in a totalist state?
We anglosphere outsiders tend to shrug off this sort of thing with a sardonic, 'Only in America.' A few of us fear we are not that far behind our American cousins.
When people ask me what I thought of America, the phrase 'bloody awful' is never far from my lips. I am not anti-American but the image of a place that begrudges feeding it's children's saddens me immensely.
Aine
Australia
------
Aine,
It's things such as you pointed out that chill me to the bone regarding my country. It really makes me want to cry. And I see dozens of such examples social callousness and mean spiritedness as I walk around in everyday America. Most of them are right up there with that of Nazi Germany (actually, Hitler's regime treated Germans better) and the Spartans, who are much admired in America for their war making skills, mostly on the grounds of what the military class was willing to suffer.
What makes it so chilling is that if you point these things out to most Americans, one of two things will happen. Either they will give you a blank look of incomprehension (they see you as weird) or they will leap to the defense of America with some ideological piece of shit that sounds perfectly reasonable to them because of their life-long indoctrination.
I've been stuck in the States for a while now due to business. And I find myself pretty much staying at home, avoiding social gatherings and shopping altogether. Both activities put my ability to keep my mouth shut to the test, and I always fail. Sometimes I pause and doubt my own sanity, just as I did before I left for Belize. After all, man is a mimicking animal and society is basically a consensus based reality. And this sort of social cruelty is the consensus established norm. Despite what the American left believes, we cannot blame politicians and corporations for everything. At some point waaaaay back there it was our human and social responsibility to stand up, throw ourselves "onto the wheels of the machine," as Mario Savio put it forty years ago. And we did not. Instead we allowed and continue to allow the persecution of those who did or still do. And on and on it goes. Forty-five years after Allen Ginsberg wrote "Howl" I am still seeing the best minds of my generation sobbing on the madhouse steps. Seeing them be medicated, lose marriages, rant on the Internet for years, then give up hope. It's like screaming into a vacuum. You mouth moves but the somnambulant crowd passes silently by in oblivion.
I do speaking engagements and radio interviews when I am here. And I find that I must tone down the truth into something that fits into the consensus reality, even when speaking to lefty crowds. I have to pretend more or less that I think it can be fixed, that some politician can be elected who will turn around 200 years of observable social trajectory. People say, "Well, at least some people are trying to fix the problem from within the system. And I want to scream: THE SYSTEM IS THE PROBLEM! IT'S RIGGED, YOU DUMB FUCKERS!
I wish I could at least call this denial. But if people are incapable of even perceiving the facts because of state conditioning, serving up the facts is useless. Which is why all that powerful truth out there on the net has no real effect. It exists outside our indoctrination's reference framework. Therefore it does not exist. What exists is the system. The ward on which we all live and secretly fear Nurse Ratchett. But it is still the system and the U.S. is still a ward in which the citizen patients are carefully observed and managed to best result for the corporate state. Best result meaning economical producers and consumers for (allegedly) free market capitalism. And every patient and affinity group has a cherished unreality which allows them to live in denial. For instance, there is the cherished notion among liberal and left leaning Americans that all this is recent, and sprang up simply because George Bush was elected. I don't think so friends. No one man can establish cruelty in 300 million people in eight years. He can only heighten it by squeezing the people harder, encouraging fear and alienation and coldness of spirit.
How much more time the American people can muddle along, the muddle slowly becoming an even more mindless slog toward the unthinkable? My guess is until we hit that economic and ecological wall we are careening toward. In which case we will start killing anybody in the way of arbitrary conquest of resources in the age of peak everything. Even people who understand what is coming are hedging their bets -- as in, "Well, I won't be around when it all comes down." Or "I can make enough money to be in a safe place when the shit hits the fan." Or simply "America right or wrong."
In any case, I seldom met an American who grasps the full scope of our aberration as a nation (which requires standing back and simply watching observable and obvious symptoms). And when I do it is always over the Internet.
Now I have met another one. Thank you for writing.
In art and labor,
JoeTEDx PortofSpain is organized under license from TED.com. Re-broadcast of any of the materials on television or radio is expressly forbidden and in contradiction of the terms of our license. Doing so can jeopardize our ability to host future TEDxPortofSpain events. Please contact TEDxPortofSpain for further information.
All press requests should be sent to Dennise Demming.Dennise Demming is the official spokesperson for TEDxPortofSp [location] is misleading.
For more information on TEDx, visit.Location:
Palermo Viejo
Good For:
Drinking....Inspired by the New York art scene, Illesteva's ultra cool oversized round-frame sunglasses are coveted by trendsetters from coast to coast. Show off this cobalt acetate style at your next rooftop pool party, or slip them on to add a flash of bold color to downtown looks.
Cobalt acetateDark-gray graduated lenses, oversized Come in a designer-stamped brown hard case and suede pouch100% UV protection
Product code: 312226 - Need help? Contact usDave Gulezian
President & CEO
As founder of Viscira, Dave brings more than 15 years of executive management experience with innovative, technology-based companies, including the last 10 within the life sciences industry. He has built strong business relationships with many of the market leaders in the pharmaceutical and biotech space including Amgen, Novartis, Johnson & Johnson, Genentech, Abbott Labs and Eli Lilly.
In collaboration with his talented teams, Dave has helped to drive innovation in the industry related to the use of new, interactive technologies that are helping improve the impact and effectiveness of the marketing, sales and training functions. He has a BS in Electrical Engineering from Cornell University and an MBA from Stanford University’s Graduate School of Business.
Rick Barker
Chief Operating Officer
Rick’s background includes more than 20 years of software and services experience, with the past 13 years in executive management roles. Rick started his career in the management consulting practice at Ernst & Young with an exclusive focus on the healthcare industry. He has led large-scale initiatives taking numerous mobile and web-based software products and platforms to market for Fortune 500 clients. Rick provides strategic and operational oversight for the production team and is focused on developing innovative technical products and solutions for Viscira’s clients. Rick’s educational background includes a BA from UC Berkeley, an MA from Northwestern University, and an MBA from UC Berkeley’s Haas School of Business.
K.
Jeff Asada
Vice President
Business Development
Jeff brings 12 years of cross-functional sales and marketing experience within the technology and healthcare industries. He has led numerous interactive and new-media initiatives with many biotech and global pharmaceutical market leaders including Roche, Genentech, Johnson & Johnson, Novartis, Allergan and Otsuka. At Viscira, Jeff leads the business development team and partners with production in identifying technology solutions to address industry challenges and improve innovation. Jeff received his BA from the University of Hawaii.
Hagop “Kane” Kaneboughazian
Vice President
Animation
As the Animation Department Head and Senior Creative Director, Kane brings over 15 years of animation production experience to Viscira. Having previously been Vice President of a successful animation studio and also having run his own boutique animation company, Kane has the uncanny ability to balance artistic excellence with the business objectives of our clients.
Kane’s past animation experience includes television commercials, game cinematics, music videos, short format movies, and educational films. However, for the past 6 years his sole focus has been on creating award-winning scientific animations for the pharmaceutical and medical device industries–combining science with cinema.
But ask Kane about his success, and he would say that it’s really all about his team. At Viscira, Kane has assembled a team of some of the most talented professionals in the animation industry. No one has an animation team like Viscira–not even close. Over the past four years alone, Kane’s team has successfully delivered over 50 MOA animations and interactive programs for some of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies. With each project they continue to find ways to push the envelope and create animations that are scientifically accurate, technically sophisticated, and visually stunning.
Nat Fast
Vice President
Software Development
Nat is a self-proclaimed creative technologist who has concentrated on media and content production systems for the past 35 years. He previously was the Vice President of Development at Livescribe, a consumer electronics company focusing on the invention of a smart pen, and was responsible for the pen as the center of the overall architecture of the enterprise solution. He also worked with Leapfrog Enterprises in the development of the interactive model for the audio-only Fly pen. Working with the US Army, Paramount Pictures and ICT he developed a distance learning, narrative simulation system for leadership training as well as created the technology behind the final exercise for NSA analysts at the Industrial College of the Armed Forces.
Nat is considered a pioneer in the early development of data-driven websites for entertainment, gaming and ecommerce. He was the Vice President of Technology for Digital Evolution (US Interactive) during the dot com days and worked with some of the largest corporations (Toyota, Nissan, Planet Hollywood, Saban, Swiss Air, Disney, Paramount, Lockheed Martin, Microsoft, DNC) to envision and create products for web-driven applications, kiosks, client server applications, multimedia systems and event management. He was the Executive and Floor Producer for the Technology Pavilion of the 1997 Inauguration of the President of the United States. He has consulted to AT&T Labs in the commercialization of patentable technology and provided numerous prototypes of new technologies to companies such as Kmart, United Airlines, AT&T Solutions, Microsoft and Apple. Nat holds a BA in Theater Arts from Santa Clara University.
Eric duPlessis
Director
Motion Graphics
Eric's passion for design started at age 5 when he elected to re-finish the walls in his bedroom with magic marker and mashed potatoes. The art of using mixed media as a form of creative expression was born and he hasn’t stopped since.
In 1998, Eric graduated from the Colorado Institute of Art with a degree in Visual Communications & Graphic Design. During his time at school, Eric's focus was typography, color theory, and editorial layout, however, Eric soon realized it just wasn’t enough for him. Eric had a desire to understand the process of bringing life to his designs. Eric soon found himself out of school and in a small interactive shop where he began to focus all of his attention on interactive design and motion graphics. After a few years of using Flash as his primary application to not only bring static visual concepts to life but building high-end, user-driven experiences, Eric was using Flash as a tool for more and more sophisticated linear motion graphics. Eric decided to step the level of design up and jump head-first into 3D animation.
In 2001, Eric began working for a San Francisco-based pharma marketing agency. He was given an opportunity to dive further into the motion graphic process than ever before. Focusing all of his efforts on 3D animation, broadcast design, integrated video solutions for major interactive campaigns, and embracing the entire video production process, Eric soon found himself leading a team of artists that shared the same passion. In 2007, Eric took on the role of Creative Director, and embraced one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences that a creative professional could have. Eric's passion for visual storytelling was now accompanied by the passion to lead, motivate, and inspire.
Eric duPlessis joined the Viscira team as Director of Motion Graphics and continues to share his passion for motion design.
"…design isn't about making something look better, it's about moving someone to action." Hillman Curtis
Kristen Clarke
Director
Production
Kristen is a certified project management professional (PMP) with over 15 years of interactive project management experience. She has led end-to-end web development, mobile application development, and online marketing initiatives for clients such as PayPal, Wells Fargo, Intuit, Microsoft, and Nike. Her primary focus the past 5 years has been producing interactive projects for clients like Amgen, Genentech, Roche, and Johnson & Johnson. At Viscira, she helps train and lead the producer team, in addition to playing a hands-on project management role for key client programs. Kristen has a BA in International Studies from the University of Washington.
Shan Jaffar
Director from Texas A&M - Commerce in 3D Visualization.
Tracey Aurich
Senior Director
Account Management
Tracey brings over 20 years of advertising experience to Viscira, all of which have been dedicated to the healthcare industry. Tracey currently leads the client services efforts in our New York office and serves as a strategic digital partner to our clients. Her career includes successful global and US product launch initiatives, spanning such therapeutic categories as neurology, cardiology, oncology, respiratory health, women’s health, ophthalmology, and dermatology. Tracey received her BA in Advertising from Pennsylvania State University.
Heather McCune, Ph.D.
Director
Content
Heather brings over 10 years of bench research and 6 years of medical writing experience to Viscira’s Content team. She has led content development efforts for numerous Viscira clients—including Amgen, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Celgene, Genentech, Novartis, and Roche—and has experience in such therapeutic areas as oncology, immunology, dermatology, ophthalmology, and regenerative medicine. Heather has a BA in Biology from Macalester College and a PhD in Genetics from the University of Washington. She has held research positions at the University of Minnesota and the University of Chicago, and she was a postdoctoral fellow in Biochemistry & Biophysics at UCSF.
Nicole Manoogian
Regional Vice President
Business Development
Nicole’s background includes a broad range of pharmaceutical sales, marketing and advertising expertise. Nicole brings strategic leadership through her experience on both the client and agency sides of the industry. She has personally led numerous interactive and new-media initiatives with major biotech, medical device and pharmaceutical market leaders including, Johnson & Johnson, Medtronic, and Amgen. Nicole is responsible for Viscira’s Southern California key accounts and managing Viscira’s Chicago-based Business Development efforts. Nicole received her BA in Mass Communication from UC Berkeley.
Rodwin Pabello
Director
Visual & Interaction Design
Rodwin heads up the Viscira Interaction and Visual Design team with a strong cross-departmental collaborative approach. He draws from 19 years of combined experience in the video game, pharmaceutical and Rock 'n' Roll worlds. With a solid grasp of interactive for iPad, web and mobile, Rodwin has launched many successful programs for popular name brands such as SEGA, Bill Graham Presents, UbiSoft, Genentech, Amgen, BristolMeyers Squibb, Onyx, Celgene, Teva, GlaxoSmithKline, Novartis, and Abbott. Rodwin has a BS in Design from the University of California, Davis.I don't get as much time as I'd like to devote to my circumambient podcast. It is a project I thoroughly love and hope to find / make the time to record more often.
One music podcast that continually inspires me to get back to circumambient is the Low Light Mixes. A regular mix of music that focuses on vibrant genres such as Ambient, Electronic and 'Sunday Morning Jazz'.
The chap behind it must have some record collection ... he pulls some really obscure tracks out ... making his show a place for me to find ’new’ music ... via his themed mixes.
I say ’new’ because it is ’new to me’ ... the focus with these mixes tends to be established artists like Brian Eno. In fact, he recently did a mix of cover versions of Eno's songs and soundscapes which is utterly fascinating.
I would heartily recommend this podcast - go here for more info.
- TxCoteaux du Languedoc
What's the bottle? 1998 Coteaux du Languedoc, Chteau de Lausières
Price and stockist? £6.49, Safeway
What's interesting about the wine? The red wine appellations of the south of the France - the so-called Midi - have made enormous improvements in the last decade, thanks to new winemaking techniques, better vineyards and, especially, increased plantings of the Syrah grape. This excellent unoaked red is a good example. It was made from 90 per cent Syrah (fermented using the carbonic maceration technique employed in Beaujolais to produce wines with lots of colour, but very smooth tannins), with 5 per cent each of Mourvèdre and Grenache.
What does the wine smell and taste like? This is not as big and butch as some Coteaux du Languedoc wines, but that's not necessarily a minus point. It has a bright, youthful, ruby colour and a spicy blackberry and damson nose. On the palate, it's softer than you expect, with medium body, no oak, sweet strawberry fruit and a pleasantly rustic undertone. The wine has good length and finishes with a nip of dry tannin.
What does it go with? Grilled sausages would be perfect. Otherwise, try it with soft cheese.
Serving temperature? 14-16 C. You can chill this down if you want, as you would a Beaujolais.
Will it keep? Yes, but not for more than 1 to 3 years.
What are we tasting next? 1998 Petit Chablis, La Chablisienne (£6.99, Marks & Spencer)
Send your views to tim.atkin@observer.co.ukI think this is brilliant. This should be mandatory for every dad-to-be, as part of the antenatal classes, so they get a fair idea of what their other half is going to have to go through during labour… It is pretty funny actually.
This video is part of a Dutch TV show called “Guinea Pigs” where the hosts, Dennis Storm and Valerio Zena (both eye candy in my honest opinion) decide to experience the pain of giving birth. Are women exaggerating? They achieve this by attaching electrodes to their abdomen for two hours so they get electro-simulations of contractions.
Do you think men should experience this at some stage? Would this make them better labour partners?
Original Source The Huffington Post
This is brilliant!!!!! So amazing to watch. I wish I knew what they were saying. I have to share this…
funny i would love to understand what they were saying.
Pingback: Watch Men Suffer Labour Pains [Video] | Meet Mums
Pingback: Henry McKeane having a baby | Meet MumsRobert Kuzicki, a fourth grade student at Ss. Peter and Paul Catholic School, Lehighton, won the school level competition of the National Geographic Bee held Jan. 11 and a chance at a $25,000 college scholarship. The school level Bee, at which 10 student finalists answered oral questions, was the first round in the 23rd Annual National Geographic Bee. Kuzicki advances to the next level of competition, a written exam to determine state competitors.Home Recipes & How-Tos Quickie Coconut Cupcakes Videos Quickie Coconut Cupcakes MainVideo (1) Kitchen Shortcuts Advertisement Quickie Coconut Cupcakes (04:53) Rachael and the neighborhood kids make and decorate coconut cupcakes. Get the recipe Email Related Videos Coconut Cupcakes (05:44) Ina's Coconut Cupcakes (03:30) Quickie Pizza (04:05) Quickie Quinoa Salad (02:55) Coconut Jelly (03:20) Coconut Flan (02:47) Coconut Drops (02:20) Coconut Macaroons (01:51) Coconut Shrimp (01:21) Cupcake Superstars (04:57) Banana Cupcakes (03:18) Magical Cupcakes (42:00) Comedy Cupcakes (42:00) Cosmic Cupcakes (42:00) Flan Cupcakes (02:30) Yummy Cupcakes (03:04) Pumpkin Cupcakes (03:58) Motherloaf Cupcakes (04:17) Cheerleader Cupcakes (42:00) Hostess Cupcakes (03:40) Slapshot Cupcakes (01:02) Aloha Cupcakes (42:00) Chocolate Cupcakes (03:54) Pumpkin Cupcakes (03:28) MORE VIDEOSExactly one week ago I posted how my nails looked with the lovely nearly naked shade, 025 Desert Sand of Max Factor’s Glossfinity nail polish range. I did that precisely because I needed to test the 7-Day gloss claim of the product. You know what, I must say, I’m pretty impressed. See for yourself.
Do my eyes deceive me or did I just take a better photo for the after shot? Seriously speaking…there is a negligible bit of nail wear near the edges of the nail and movement away from the cuticle (a given) but no nicks or chips are to be found on this hand after 7 days of packing, exercising, and whatever else I did. My right hand has a nick/chip that took place towards the end of the event when the polish was applied so that doesn’t really count because my nails were still “wet” when that happened. The wear on my left hand however has remained practically immaculate save for minor lines and scratches visible only to myself on the top coat.
The verdict is Glossfinity nail polish as well as the topcoat are of great value for longevity at the regular price of Php245 a bottle and are currently on promo. Spend Php450 for a purchase of two bottles from the Glossfinity range. I still have to test the Cobalt Blue shade I was given WITHOUT a topcoat so watch out for that :). Nails like new for this long? Someone suddenly wants more nail shades…follow MaxFactor Philippines on Facebook here.Months of nerves and anticipation will finally come to an end today for 22,645 regular decision applicants to the University, who can go online to view their decisions at 5 p.m. Eastern.
Dean of Admissions James Miller ’73 said this year’s applicant pool was the largest ever, representing a 21 percent increase from the previous year – the greatest reported rise in applications among Ivy League schools this year.
“It’s a very, very talented applicant pool … the most talented applicant pool I’ve ever seen,” Miller said.
Of the total 24,988 applicants – including both early and regular decision – 2,708 will be admitted. According to Miller, the Office of Admissions sent out acceptance letters to 10.8 percent of applicants, while 13.3 percent were admitted last year.
There could be several explanations for the this year’s application surge, Miller said. “One is that we have changed the way we recruit,” he said, adding that Brown now joins other institutions such as Yale and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology to give information sessions and lure prospective students.
“When we travel we get significant crowds of people,” he said.
The recent improvement in Brown’s financial aid program may also be a factor in making the schoolmore accessible, Miller added.
The board of admissions met every day and night for months, even on weekends and holidays in order to reach decisions, according to Miller.
“It was really quite an extraordinary commitment of time and effort,” he said. “We had to make some very hard choices, but it’s a nice position to be in.”
High school seniors know that competition is especially fierce this year.
“Since this is such a competitive year … everyone applied to at least one top-tier school,” said Claire Gianotti, a senior at Friends Academy in Locust Valley, N.Y. She said she is also anticipating responses from other high caliber schools such as Dartmouth and Princeton.
“It’s not a torturous time for us, but pretty anxiety-provoking,” said Temple Shipley, a student at the Dallas School for the Talented and Gifted.
D.J. Pain, a senior at Livingston High School in Livingston, N.J., said the halls of his school are filled with discussion on who got in where. “Especially if you’re in the higher (Advanced Placement) classes, college is a big topic,” he said.
While news spreads quickly on days when multiple universities release decisions, few students are visibly “freaking out” beforehand, said Molly Berenhaus, also a senior at Livingston, whose top choice is Brown. There are about 15 students in her class applying to each Ivy League school, she said.
“It’s hard to really think about it because no matter how you look at it, that doesn’t determine the decision you actually hear,” she said. Some students are “hush hush” about where they’ve applied to avoid attention in case they get rejected, she added.
According to Gianotti, fewer students from her school are getting into their top choice schools than in the past.
Toby Hollis, a senior at Piedmont High School in Piedmont, Calif., said applying to schools was “psychologically less straining” than waiting for the decisions. But “now I’m very nervous,” he said.
Despite their nerves, the seniors are ready to finally know their fates.
“I’m excited to know because I feel like I’ve been waiting two or three years to find out if I was going to get in,” Gianotti said
According to Shipley, the question of what schools she will get into has “been on my mind since my freshan year of high school.”
“It’s been essential for conversations at the dinner table and a lot of conversations at the lunch table with my friends,” Shipley said, adding that “there’s almost too much emphasis placed on getting into college.”
Shipley said Brown is her top choice because it has well-rounded, intelligent students as well as a “less intense environment” that is “equally as rigorous.”
Miller said the most important piece of advice he can give to students counting down the minutes is that “they should all be very proud of what they accomplished, and they should all take pride in their successes.”Yummy Plants: a vegan lifestyle website and community. We can help you start a vegan diet!
NuGo Nutrition Celebrates 10 Years of Yummy Vegan Foods!
>! We discovered NuGo Nutrition’s protein-rich bars, one answer to our cravings for a vegan treat that’s good for us and good to eat. Many airports now carry NuGo Nutrition’s protein bars!
NuGo Nutrition is the brainchild of Keith Rohrlick and David Levine, two health-conscious runners from Pittsburgh, who found that the energy bars they were eating during training failed the taste test. Ten years ago the entrepreneurs decided to start their own company and launch the NuGo brand of delicious protein bars.
Today NuGo Nutrition is thriving and its products are widely distributed in grocery stores, health food stores, and airports nationwide The company makes eight categories of protein bars and markets them as “lifestyle” bars. Most of the bars are diary free and meet the dietary restrictions of diverse groups. NuGo bars come in gluten free, soy free, vegan, peanut free, organic, sugar free, pareve, and low-glycemic varieties. Each bar fits several categories: For example, NuGo 10 is raw, gluten free, peanut free, pareve, and vegan. NuGo Nutrition is proud to say that all its chocolate bars are made with “REAL dark chocolate,” high in antioxidants. The NuGo bars contain brown rice, soy, and whole grains. They don’t contain trans-fats, vegetable fats, or hydrogenated oils. NuGo bars are treats that treat us right.
Thank you NuGo Nutrition for making our travels SO much easier – and yummy!
To order bars online or find a market that carries the brand, go to the Nugo Nutrition website.
Team NuGo last year at the Pittsburgh Marathon!Play Dough Polka Popes by Miriam Jonas
With this week’s Pope Mania, we take a trip back to 2011 for Miriam Jonas’ Polka Popes. Jonas, a Berlin-based artist, sculpted portraits of fictitious popes using colorful play dough. She then placed the Polka Popes inside of empty fish tins and installed them on a large wall.
Miriam’s portraits are a satire on consumer culture and the modern church, reducing larger than life clerical figures into products ready for consumption. The fish cans are a winking reference to traditional Christian symbols.
Perhaps one of my gentile readers could explain how fish cans reference Christian symbols.
Google Translate is particularly unapologetic with Jonas’ website, but from what I can tell, she uses the playful medium and bright colors to disarm her audience so that she can confront us with her message. Well played, Miriam!
It’s been a while since we’ve had a musical pairing. Here we go.
Click through for more Polka Popes.
The only thing I can think of with regards to the fish can is that ‘Jesus fish’ that some Christians put on their car. I think it is more of a born-again thing, not Catholic though.���
Match Results
The Princeton boys' bowling team opened up its season with a 2615-1955 victory against Winton Woods on Monday, November 19 at Brentwood Bowling Alley.
The Vikings were led by junior Chris Gregory, who bowled a 203.5 on the afternoon.
Senior Adeleke Ademuyewo bowled a 202 in the win.
Princeton (1-0) will travel to Eastern Lanes to take on Middletown on Tuesday, November 20 at 4:00pm.The Brumbies and the Wallabies have suffered a heavy blow as David Pocock will be out of rugby for six months.
Pocock was injured playing for the Brumbies and scans have now confirmed that he has torn anterior cruciate ligament (ACL) and will be out of action for at least six months.
Pocock suffered the injury when he fell awkwardly in a tackle by fellow Wallaby Adam Ashley-Cooper who was playing for the Waratahs.
Former Wallaby captain Pocock now faces a knee reconstruction and is expected to miss the rest of the Super Rugby season as well as the British and Irish Lions tour and the Rugby Championship.."Christiane Amanpour Debuts on ABC's "This Week"
August 2, 2010Christiane Amanpour made her debut on ABC News’ “This Week” this past Sunday, a much awaited and a banner moment in the news media world. Featuring taped interviews with Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates, Amanpour's much anticipated debut was described by New York Times' Alessandra Stanley as making a "noticeable, and even striking, change."
Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)
Company Overview of Donahue Schriber Realty Group Inc.
Company Overview
Donahue Schriber Realty Group Inc. is a privately owned real estate investment trust. It invests in the real estate markets of United States. The fund makes its investments in necessity-based retail which includes the neighborhood, community, lifestyle and power center formats. It is involved in the development, acquisitions, leasing, construction, asset management, and marketing. Donahue Schriber Realty Group Inc. was founded in 1969, and is based in Costa Mesa, California with additional offices in Anaheim, California; Fresno, California; Sacramento, California; and San Diego, California.
200 East Baker Street
Suite 100
Costa Mesa, CA 92626
United States
Founded in 1969
Phone:
714-545-1400
714-545-4222
Key Executives for Donahue Schriber Realty Group Inc.
Donahue Schriber Realty Group Inc. Key Developments
Prudential Mortgage Capital Company provided $118.5 million in financing to Donahue Schriber Realty Group toward its purchase of four grocery-anchored shopping centers in California and Washington. The financing, provided in four separate 10-year, cross-collateralized, fixed-rate loans, is secured by four properties - Gilman District in Berkeley, Calif.; Village Oaks in San Jose, Calif.; Lakeland Town Center in Auburn, Wash.; and Westgate North in Tacoma, Wash.
Donahue Schriber leases 1,438 square feet at the northeast corner of Dinuba Boulevard and Riggin Avenue in Visalia to Parrot AT&T. Doug Cords and Shane Anderson were the agents in cooperation with Lewis Smith of Retail California.
Donahue Schriber Realty Group acquired Gilman Village in Berkeley, California on January 30, 2015. The company also purchased the recently completed Village Oaks shopping center, a 320,000 square foot center anchored by Target and Safeway located in San Jose, California. Gilman Village is a 91,300 square foot Whole Foods Market anchored center located off Interstate 80 that splits Gilman Street between 9th and 10th Avenue in West Berkeley. The 47,000 square-foot Whole Foods is located on the north side and features the first Allegro Coffee on the West Coast in addition to its vast produce and other specialty food offerings.
Similar Private Companies By Industry
Recent Private Companies Transactions
Most Searched Private Companies
Sponsored Financial Commentaries
Sponsored Links
To contact Donahue Schriber Real.Legacy Oil & Gas Inc. is engaged in exploration, exploitation and development drilling for oil and natural gas reserves. The company is committed to aggressive, cost-effective growth of light oil reserves and production in large hydrocarbon in-place assets and resource plays.
The company's wholly owned subsidiary, Legacy Oil & Gas ND, Inc., holds properties and operates in the State of North Dakota.TROY, N.Y. -- The Staten Island Yankees continue to roll through the New York-Penn League, shutting out Tri-City twice Saturday night, 8-0 and 2-0, to extend their winning streak to eight games.
Zollo Almonte's two-run homer in the fifth inning gave the Staten Island Yankees a 2-0 win and double-header sweep Saturday over the Tri-City ValleyCats. (Staten Island Advance file photo by Hilton Flores)
>>IMAGE.4-July-2013
This dialogue between Indonesia and the OECD supports policy-makers in their efforts to enhance disclosure of beneficial ownership and control as part of overall efforts to improve corporate governance standards and practices in Indonesia..
3-June-2013
This report sets out the shared view of 12 Eurasian countries on priorities and recommendations to improve their corporate governance and spur capital market development and economic growth.
30-May-2013
Boards of directors of SOEs play a fundamental role in corporate stewardship and performance. Over the last decade, OECD governments have sought to professionalise SOE boards, ensure their independence and shield them from ad hoc political intervention. In general these approaches have worked; yet, more remains to be done. This report seeks to shed slight on good practices drawing on national practices from over 30 economies.
15-May-2013
Discussions at this meeting focused on the first draft of the revised Russian Code of Corporate Governance..Create.
“Words cannot express how much you people at lynda.com have changed my life. I have learned more than I could have from reading books.” —Joseph A.
more from our members »OLD HOEFT & Co. Moe's Line Wall Hanging Chicken Feeder
- Sold for: Start Free Trial or Sign In to see what it's worth.
- Item Category: Ethnic, Folk & Native American Art
- Source: eBay
- Sold Date: Apr 11,2011
- Channel: Online Auction
You do not come across items like this very often. This is an old (I was told it was probably from the 1930s) chken feeder made by HOEFT and Company INC...MOE'S Line Poultry Supplies (please see photo of excellent inscription) from Chicago, Illinois.The lid opens and closes with no issues. Overall it is in very nice condition. What you see is what you get. NOTE: MAKE ME A DECENT OFFER AND IT IS ALL YOURS! I AM NOT SURE HOW MUCH THIS IS WORTH, SO ALL OFFERS ARE WELCOMED! THANK YOU FOR LOOKING!Bankrupt Homefront; Take 2 agreed purchase Evolve and; Ubisoft agreed to purchase Montreal and South Park. THQ had hoped to sell THQ to Clearlake Capital or another buyer, but apparently found that the separately sold assets would net more than a single buyer. Farrell said that THQ now expects those sales to close this week. THQ said that employees not included in the sale would lose their jobs. THQ filed for bankruptcy in December.
Top NewsWednesday, January 23, 2013
THQ Chopped Into Tiny Pieces, Scattered To The Winds
Related Companies:
Related Stories
MarketplaceThe hospitality sector has seen falling room occupancy rates because of fewer Japanese travelers in the wake of the massive earthquake and tsunami on Friday, while travel agents acted quickly to adjust their business plans to minimize losses.
Leofoo Tourism Group (六福旅遊集團), which operates The Westin Taipei (六福皇宮), Leofoo Hotel (六福客棧) and Leofoo Resort (六福莊), saw the number of foreign guests falling 15 percent in the wake of Japan’s powerful earthquake on Friday, chief operating officer Lulu Chuang (莊豐如) said yesterday at a media gathering.
The disaster dealt a heavy blow to Leofoo Hotel because Japanese tourists account for 42 percent of its occupancy rate, Chuang said, adding that about 10 percent canceled reservations over the weekend and on Monday.
Another 5 percent of US and European guests changed plans to visit Taiwan, citing radiation concerns, Chaung said.
“The worry, while reflecting a lack of information about the nuclear crisis in Japan, may wreak havoc on the hospitality industry here,” Chuang said, calling on the government to help defuse the jitters.
Formosa International Hotels Corp (晶華國際酒店), the nation’s biggest listed hotel operator, said yesterday it foresaw a drop of 6 percent in room occupancy rate this month, impacted by the cancellations from Japanese clients, which account for 38 percent of its total clientele.
“The impact of cancelations from Japanese customers is still within control,” Ellen Chang (張筠), Formosa Regent Taipei (晶華酒店) public relations director, said by telephone. “We have launched contingency plans to attract guests from Singapore, Hong Kong and Macau to offset the drop in Japanese clients.”
Luckily, Chang said, 80 percent of Formosa Regent’s Japanese guests are business travelers and they are still going ahead with their business trips to Taiwan.
Executives of Taipei’s Grand Hotel (圓山大飯店) and Ambassador Hotel (國賓飯店) said they expected the situation to worsen in the coming months.
The Tourism Bureau yesterday estimated a 20 percent decline in Japanese visitors over the coming three months, or more than NT$1 billion (US$33.9 million) in lost income, Tourism Bureau Deputy Director-General Wayne Liu (劉喜臨) said.
Last year, 1.08 million Japanese people visited Taiwan, making Japan the second-largest source of tourists after China, he said.
The ripple effect from Japan’s earthquake has also been closely monitored by the local travel industry owing to heightened concerns over the possibility of wider radiation leaks, a vice general manager of a major travel agency said on condition of anonymity yesterday.
Many travel agencies organized cherry-blossoms sightseeing trips to Japan for later this month and early next month, and the cancellations from customers have been non-stop for the past few days, she said.
“The impact is very huge,” she said. “The industry can’t put a loss figure to the impact just yet, but what we can say is that it is significant.”
The Kaohsiung Association of Travel Agents said on Tuesday that its members were focusing on Chinese tourists, many of whom canceled travel plans to Japan.
Ma Yi-lung (馬一龍), chairman of the association, said more than 90 percent of people in Kaohsiung who purchased Tokyo tour packages arriving before March 21 have canceled their reservations. Even those planning to travel to the island of Okinawa, more than 1,500km away from Tokyo, have called off their plans, he added.Shortness of Breath, 6th Edition
A Guide to Better Living and Breathing
$24.95
This book may take up to 5 business days to ship
For more than 25 years, SHORTNESS OF BREATH: A Guide to Better Living and Breathing has been a helpful tool for educating patients about chronic lung disease, specifically chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. This user-friendly book presents a wealth of pertinent information in a style the average reader can comprehend. SHORTNESS OF BREATH covers the psychological and physiological impacts of lung disease, offering suggestions on exercise programs, relaxation techniques, travel precautions, diet, and more.Table of Contents
View all Respiratory Therapy titles
Author Information
Customer Reviews
- Paperback
-
- Reference
- 152 Pages
- Imprint: Mosby
- ISBN: 978-0-323-01064-1
-Film: Santiago es Santiago
1:00 - 2:30 p.m.
Busch Student Center, 253D
Discover the Real Cuba: the island time forgot, where a rich home-grown culture thrives free of the Commercialized World of American Mass Media! In over 50 years since the revolution, Cuba's isolation has allowed the culture to evolve on it's own. In 2010, filmmaker Warren Haack went.Got a minute?
Got a minute?
Interpret, bilingual, Cantonese, Mandarin, health worker, community, healthcare, social services....
- Indeed
Receive calls at Health Center, determines nature of business and direct to destination. Check-in patients for clinic visits, assure that registration is done...
- Indeed
Where needed, takes clients through entitlement, medical, and mental health systems to connect them with services and.Key things you need to know aboutVicki Clark:
Vicki Clark's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Vicki Clark's Specialties
- Dietetics
- View 1 specialty
More About Vicki Clark's Background
MoreGet the facts on Vicki Clark
Patient Satisfaction
Patients' feedback on their experience with Vicki Clark
Be the first to evaluate Vicki
- 274 E Chicago St
- Coldwater, MI 490 Clark!
The link you entered contains bad characters or identifiers. Please enter the link exactly as it appears in your email or text message.
Thank You
This confirms that we have received your survey about Vicki Clark. Please note: it will take 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor's profile.
Thank You
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Vicki Clark. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile.Advertisement
Advertisement
Back to Men's Basketball coverage
Saturday, January 26, 2013
Kansas guard Travis Releford raises up the fieldhouse during a Jayhawk run against Oklahoma in the second half on Saturday, Jan. 26, 2013.
Advertisement
Images from Saturday's game against Oklahoma at Allen Fieldhouse.
Kansas coach Bill Self talks after his team's 67-54 win over Oklahoma on Jan. 26, 2013.
Generally,.
Andrew Dunlap 2 years, 3 months ago
we may be the best team this week, but we are not the best that we can be, it's not about AP rankings, it only matters in April.
mae 2 years, 3 months ago
wrong. being number 1 helps recruiting year round. it is why the cream of the crop look at us instead of kstate, mizzou and others.
Mark Lindrud 2 years, 3 months ago
Being #1 isn't that big for recruiting. We are in the top 5 every year and either a 1 or 2 seed yearly. Also, we are on tv more than any team in our conference, and finally we have The Phog with the best fans in the nation.
klineisanazi 2 years, 3 months ago
Good grief. We are not competing with K-State for players. KU does not need publicity. Recruits know all about the Jayhawks.
ironhead80 2 years, 3 months ago
Yes, KU deserves the #1 spot considering how the other top bball schools get more PUB than KU. That has always been the case even though this year I believe KU is in the top 5 of the bball top programs. To be a dominate #1 we need more of scorer at the 4 position.
by ironhead80
actorman 2 years, 3 months ago
It seems logical to me: #1 in FG percentage defense = #1 at the polls.
Hank Cross 2 years, 3 months ago
I agree with the 'someone's got to be No.1' attitude. All that matters is getting a good seed in the tourney and barring some completely unforseen blow up, KU is on track for that. Being No. 1 during the season means nothing unless you're Mizzou who would hang a banner or K-State who would make a commerative dvd.
Bville Hawk 2 years, 3 months ago
Lol, that's really funny!
KULA 2 years, 3 months ago
Duke has banners in their arena commemorating No. 1 poll rankings, lol.
Jonathan Allison 2 years, 3 months ago
I could see a single banner that commemorates how many weeks the program has been ranked number 1 overall, or in Kansas' case, how many years the program has achieved a number 1 ranking for at least one week. But to dedicate more than one banner for it would be a waste of precious rafter space.
Boouk 2 years, 3 months ago
If Elijah gets back to playing like he was at the end of last season, this is clearly the best team in the country. If he continues to struggle, we're probably in the 2-5 range.
Kye Clark 2 years, 3 months ago
Your point about EJ is spot on. He is clearly the wild card on this team. Which is odd considering many thought (myself included) that he was at worst going to be the rock of this team - meaning steady, if not spectacular - and at best was going to play himself onto NBA draft boards. It hasn't worked out that way, as he's been very erratic and hasn't come close to "starring" for even stretches let alone entire games, and I'm asking myself "when is it time to worry?"
Some have speculated that it's lingering injuries holding him back, some say it's because he's playing out of position. To the first theory, if that's the case, what's the solution? Will rest even help him? We've had a week off between a couple of games this season and it hasn't seemed to matter. Of course, time off between games doesn't mean time off from practice, so it's hard to say how much "rest", if any, he's actually gotten during these stretches. Might be a case where Self has to shelve him at practice and hope that puts some bounce back in his step on game days. Again, if nagging injuries are dragging down his play.
If it's the second theory, some posters have suggested maximizing his minutes at the 2 and play Tharpe more. That's not ideal either, as Tharpe is still deficient on defense and we saw today is still prone to carelessness. The other problem with this is that you're most likely taking minutes away from Travis, BMac, Ellis, or Young to get Tharpe in the game more (the latter two players losing minutes if Self decides to go small and play Travis at the 4).
Here's to hoping he can regain that level of play we saw last season. If so, I agree that this team is as good as any this year.
Boouk 2 years, 3 months ago
I think he'll be fine if he doesn't shoot as many 3's and quits making those 2 to 3 bonehead passes a game. Hopefully with more experience at PG he'll start cutting down on the bad passes and improve his shooting and shot selection.
Ben Kane 2 years, 3 months ago
I think it's more the second than the first. I believe the solution is to keep him focused on what he already is: getting teammates involved, playing defense, and taking care of the ball. the shooting will fall into place if he maintains the other 3, i have no fears about that.
Jonathan Allison 2 years, 3 months ago
To expound on the second issue a little more.
There is an innate weakness in playing Tharpe and EJ together. You touched on that it reduces minutes for Trav, BMac, Ellis, Young. This is critical because our best players are BMac, Withey, and Trav. So in order for our three best players to all continue to play that means we are going with the "small" lineup. Which has proven well for us situationally this year. But as Jaybate pointed out before the K-State game if we play the 4 guard lineup then we become very thin for guards on the bench. Foul trouble would force us to go back to Young/Ellis or bring in Rio or White. No one is suggesting that we shouldn't play Young/Ellis, but if we do have the 4 guards in the game together for more minutes there's also the issue of they will all be getting winded at the same times in the game. So we may need multiple guard players needing a breather at the same time. I see the 4 guard lineup as a situational strategic advantage, but I don't think that it will become a major part of Self's gameplan. So, having Tharpe and EJ on the court together likely means that either Trav or BMac is catching a breather. Which is exactly what you were indicating, and is precisely the fundamental flaw and reason that Self will play Tharpe and EJ independently moreso than he plays them concurrently.
Boouk 2 years, 3 months ago
He wasn't playing good last year until the end of the season, when he was probably our best player in the NCAA tournament.
KatnissHawk 2 years, 3 months ago
He's playing like he's injured. Not all here and he's been like that all season.
KatnissHawk 2 years, 3 months ago
I agree. I think he's not close to 100%.
Boouk 2 years, 3 months ago
By the way, Michigan plays at Illinois tomorrow on the Big 10 network at 5.
jaybate 2 years, 3 months ago
Thanks for the feed. Got to catch up on the Wolverines and Behlein.
Bville Hawk 2 years, 3 months ago
Wow, a dozen or so posts up already and not one bitching about Keegan's Northern Illinois comments in the last couple sentences. The Keegan Bashers on this board are slipping.
Jack Jones 2 years, 3 months ago
I've re-read the Northern Illinois comments a number of times, and have yet to see anything to bitch about. Maybe that explains your observation.
Ben Kane 2 years, 3 months ago
it's not worthy of being mentioned...
KatnissHawk 2 years, 3 months ago
Let Michigan have the 1, and we should be happy with anything between 1 and 5. Need the 1 seed in March.
Jack Jones 2 years, 3 months ago
It's way, way, way to early to be getting excited about being #1, or #2, or # anything. Yes, it makes for excitable conversation > and that's why it will continue ad infinitum. Being a Jayhawk for 60+ years > history reminds me that rarely, rarely does a team maintain a top 1,2,3,4 ranking this early in a season throughout the balance of the schedule. That's exactly why the #1, Golden Mantra of the coaching profession is > ONE GAME AT A TIME!!
David Leathers 2 years, 3 months ago
There are 3 types of coaches and teams:
The first of which are the teams that make it to the top of the polls every once in a while -- your Villanovas, USCs, and Georgetowns. (Probably bad examples, I'm too tired to do any research)
The second (and the group that I would place KU and HCBS in) is the group that has the yearly potential to be in the number one spot, but once (and if) they do get there, play pretty poorly. This group, however, is one of the most dangerous groups in the Tournament because they've been there. They know what to expect. Also, these types of teams spend a great majority of the season improving from game to game, and tend to peak at the right time.
The last and rarest of them all is the group of teams that spend nearly all year at the top. These teams do one of two things in the NCAAs: they either win it all as the favorite, or they flop and mess up a lot of people's brackets. Last year's Kentucky team fits into this group, as does the Joakim Noah-led team looking for the repeat a few years back.
John Randall 2 years, 3 months ago
I'm not sure three categories cover the spectrum. Any single elimination crapshoot like the NCAA tourney rewards luck and clutch performance almost as much as which officiating crews are assigned to which games.
hotrodm 2 years, 3 months ago
Forget about the polls. Win the regular season Big 12 championship and make a 6 game run in the NCAA tourney. Anything less would be a disapointment.
Jeff Coffman 2 years, 3 months ago
Bring on the #1 ranking...It is awesome to be the best.
I was waiting for Tom to explain why Duke should be #1. Personally, I think they didn't drop enough after their first lost, and I think they won't drop much even after one of the biggest beatdowns I've seen by a "good" team. Personally, that loss alone should drop them out of the top 10, but it won't happen, because people like Keegan who vote in the "prestigious" AP poll wouldn't want to vote what they really saw against the Miami game, a team that is one dimensional on offense and doesn't have an inside defensive presence. They were down by 32 when Miami put in their scrubs.
Jim Roth 2 years, 3 months ago
We had seven NBA players on the 2008 team. How many are on this team? Two are obvious; any others? Not just next year, but eventually...
fansincewilt 2 years, 3 months ago
In 2008, there were three or four teams that stood out from the rest. Last year, there was one team and then four or five after that. This year is different from those kinds of years. There really isn't a team that stands out as the best team in the country. I do think Michigan has the most big wins with wins over KSU and NC State at home, and wins over Minnesota and Bradley on the road. Their loss at Ohio State is significant since KS won there. KS has wins over Ohio State and KS State on the road and a loss to Michigan State on a neutral court. I think the Ohio State resume is a little more impressive unless they lose tonight. At this point I think they should be #1 and #2. There is a lot of basketball left and KS has much to work on but they just might be the two best teams in the country. Michigan has a tougher road than the Jayhawks to ending up the #1 team in the nation. Because of that, I think KS ends #1. They could probably lose another game or maybe even two and still end #1. I think the #1 team will probably have at least three loses at the end of the season. The article is very good.
Mark Lindrud 2 years, 3 months ago
I don't care about being #1, it's almost like an albatross midway through the season, ill take #2 and improved play by us as the season progresses. Will we end up #1 eventually? Probably, but the season is a journey and that's my focus, because we've still got a ways to go to get where we want to be, but Coach Self is keeping the boys focused on the task at hand. Bring in West Virginia Monday and lets get that Big 12 Title so we can say Nine is Fine.
akgjenkintown 2 years, 3 months ago
Use the eye test. There is not one person that can claim that this team is good at all facets of the game and is the best team in the country; at least as of today. Defense, Self's staple has KU surviving and winning. There are still too many glaring weaknesses that the opposing teams continue to exploit. And after each game, opposing coaches continue to modify their game plans, which will now include pressuring the ball to half court, to go with double teaming Withey and making McLemore work for his shots. In the OU game, Ben created his own shots and we as KU fans are lucky to have such an elite player capably of scoring when blanketed. There will be a game, and potentially soon when the defense cannot overcome the costly turnovers and sporadic outside shooting.
I want KU to be #1 when it counts and that is on April 8 in Atlanta. This season's team has more depth than last year but lacks good ball handling (not just Elijah) leading to more costly turnovers and transition points by the opposing team than I can remember in a long time. KU's turnovers are not deadball, but lead to fastbreaks the other way. That is normally a KU staple - transition points. That is something that stands out and is a huge concern even though this team continues to do just enough to win against good but not great teams (best wins OSU and KSU on the road and ISU at home). Since Big XII play other teams have focused on sticking close to our guards to slow transition and overplaying the passing lanes and KU has obliged by throwing the ball careless. Matchups will be the key going forward. Although OU kept it close I never thought they had the three point shooters to challenge KU. But if you look at the basketball landscape outside of ISU in the Big XII, there are many teams that shoot the three well enough on a given evening and could pull an early round upset if KU continues to play loose with the ball and keep the opposing teams close.
TexasRockChalk 2 years, 3 months ago
Let Michigan have #1. I don't like WVU needing any more ammunition for Big Monday than necessary. We seem to play to the level of our competition (see Ohio State, Baylor & the Kitty Cats) as of late. We're spoiled. How many coaches would give an arm and a leg to be 18-1 and winning 16-17 in a row, and "complaining" about how we're vastly underperforming (on offense)? :)
Sam Constance 2 years, 3 months ago
I agree that being #1 essentially doesn't matter, but I stop short of saying that I don't care if Michigan is #1 instead of us. And at that point, it's more a matter of respect than anything else.
If there's one thing we know about the polls, they tend to operate on a set process--teams advance in the polls as teams in front of them lose and drop in the polls. To suggest that the polls are any kind of "who is the best overall team right now" barometer is simply incorrect, because if that was the case, you would see the order of the polls fluctuate from week to week, as teams had impressive wins and weeks to demonstrate their overall worthiness. So we have a strange sort of queue, where getting to the #1 spot is more a factor of where you start and when you lose than anything else.
And given that understanding, it's a slight to Kansas to sit behind Michigan, because the Wolverines have lost MUCH MUCH MUCH more recently than us, and it just so happens that the team they lost to was the same team KU controlled, start to finish--Ohio State.
Kansas deserves the #1 ranking in the context of how the rankings are traditionally assigned and modified. Even though they still have plenty of flaws to work on--for example, I am extremely worried that the end of this team will be on the back of two things: leaving shooters open from the perimeter and passes that are either ill-advised, or aren't crisp enough--this team has the resume that deserves the top spot at this point in the season and given the losses of the other top teams over the past few weeks.
But we all know how this is going to work: KU won't leapfrog Michigan in the AP poll, so come Monday, we will likely have a split #1 team: Michigan in the AP and Kansas in the Coaches' Poll.
Brian Skelly 2 years, 3 months ago
To me the polls are largely irrelevant. As far as KU folks are concerned rankings should only matter as it concerns to seeding. Getting a #1 seed at this point seems possible. Lets just keep it at that and not worry about the opinion brigade at this point. Polls do play a part in that of course. But odds are it wont a whole lot to the committee in the room that picks.
This team seems less talented than most the KU teams the past 5 years. It's hard to argue otherwise really. It also speaks to the dearth of talent in the NCAA right now. We're fortunate in big sense though. We have 4 Seniors, whom have all improved appreciably from where they were when they showed up here. They've also all gone through the battles all the way to last years Final Four. When you thrown in an uber talented guy like McLemore it makes it even better.
One of my favorite quotes ive seen from Self this year is the fact that Ben benefits from playing with the 4 seniors as much as the 4 seniors benefit from playing with him. And its true to the Nth degree. It also explains why we are where we are nationally. It doesnt make sense to me when I watch it with my own eyes. But when you see other supposed 'good' teams go down constantly, it does tell you how things are out there.
Survive and advance.
jaybate 2 years, 3 months ago
Swish
jhawkinsf 2 years, 3 months ago
At the end of the regular season, there will be four #1 seeds. The highest of those will play closest to home. The last #1 seed might play quite some distance from home. Should a #2 or #3 seed be playing much closer to home than the #1 seed, any advantage of being a #1 seed will quickly disappear.
I attended the 2007 elite eight game played between #1 Kansas and #2 UCLA. The game was played in San Jose. It was a virtual home game for the Bruins as their crown far outnumbered our crowd. They beat us soundly. Had we been a stronger #1 seed, we could have played our games in St. Louis instead of California. (All four of UCLA's games leading up to the Final Four were played in California while the team coming out of St. Louis, Florida, went on to be champs.) I'd hate to be a #1 seed placed in Indianapolis if Indiana winds up being a #2 seed. That fate might fall to the lowest of the #1 seeds. So, yes, being #1 overall does matter.
Kent Richardson 2 years, 3 months ago
The way I see it is being ranked highly is an ego stoke for us. Validation that we are right when we scold/screech (whatever a Jayhawk does). It feels good , we are proud, we are right, we care. When we are not ranked #1 I can understand and justify that. When we are ranked #1 I like it but it makes CS and myself nervous. You're right, there are more important times in the season but it sure feels good in the moment. I think it helps recruiting in the same vein that an early round loss hurts recruiting. This is the best thread in the country.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.');
}
-->

. The Perfect Location! At the corner of Devine St & Kilbourne St with over 22,000 drive-bys everyday
. Corner lot on S. Dickens and Rosewood. Property consists of 3456 total sq footage home, 1700 sqft r
. 7 Building complex generating $5700 monthly. Opportunity to rent out properties as well. Plenty of
. One of the lowest prices psf for this type of parcel anywhere in the northeast!! Ready for/ RETAILOverviewPreston Peak is a massive peak buried deep in the mountains of the rugged and remote northwest corner of California. It is the highpoint and reigning monarch of the Siskiyou Wilderness, and bar none the most rugged and spectacular peak in the entire Siskiyou Range. Its summit commands attention from far away, and is easily recognizable from many other peaks in the Klamath Mountains and Southern Cascades. Preston Peak rises dramatically above the surrounding dense forest. They say early settlers to this region thought the mountain was 10-12,000 feet high. The scale of this mountain is described by John Hart in his book “Hiking the Bigfoot Country”. "At a mile and some above sea level it is by no means the highest peak in the Klamath Mountains...Yet there is no mountain in northern California which I remember with more pleasure. They say that early travelers on the Klamath River, glimpsing the mountain above them, thought it was 12,000 feet tall. The first time you see Preston Peak you will know why..” The peak is rugged on all sides, rising 4000 feet in less than 2 miles from Clear Creek Canyon on its west side, and nearly 6000 feet on its east from Indian Creek Canyon. Its north face is most dramatic, an imposing 2000 foot wall of dark vertical granite. Nearly a dozen lakes and tarns are tucked into the peaks numerous cirques, the largest of which is Raspberry Lake, the deepest lake in the Siskiyou Wilderness. The 2000 foot north face of Preston Peak Views from the summit are incredible, with seemingly all of Northwestern California at your feet. What is perhaps more impressive is the fact that from its summit not a single trace of civilization can be seen. To the west, craggy peaks give way to forested ridges, eventually giving way to the Pacific Ocean. To the east the deep canyon of the Klamath River consumes the view, while further off the skyline repeats the pattern of forested ridge lines, giving way to craggy peaks. Preston Peak on the way out of the Devil's punchbowl Preston Peak from the trail to Youngs Valley The Siskiyou Wilderness is one of the least used wilderness areas in California. The trailheads that provide the most reasonable access to Preston Peak are however, the two most popular trailheads in the wilderness, meaning complete solitude is not a guarantee on summer weekends. You may encounter another person or two at some point during your trip, but this area is far from crowded. View NorthWest Face From NW ridge Peak 6121 Northwest Ridge The immediate area around Preston Peak was designated as the Preston Peak Botanical and Geological Area to protect the rare plants that can be found there. The Siskiyou region features the most diverse coniferous forests in the world and the Preston Peak area is espeically diverse due to its high elevation, proximity to the ocean and unique soils. Unique plants include, Alaska cedar, Noble fir, Brewer spruce and Port Orford cedar. Preston and Bear from Ship mountain Preston Peak from Grayback Mountain Preston Peak has 2,549 feet of prominence making it the 83rd most prominent peak in the state of California. As such it is often climbed by those working on the California 2,000 ft Prominence Peaks. Bear Mountain Twin Peaks Raspberry Lake El Capitan The combination of its wilderness setting, scenic approach, rugged character, and dominating presence among neighboring peaks make Preston Peak a worthy objective that is well worth the moderate scramble required to attain its summit. Getting ThereYoung's Valley Trailhead: This Trailhead provides the easiest access to the Northwest Ridge and less strenuous access to the West Slope. 30 miles up US 199 from Crescent City (or 49 miles over From Grants Pass) Turn on Knopki Creek Road (Forest Route 18N07). 11 miles up Knopki Creek road turn right at the junction with the road to the Young's Valley Trailhead. 1.5 miles farther will put you at the Young's Valley Trailhead. Check out Middle Fork Falls on the way. Doe Flat Trailhead: By far the most popular trailhead in in the Siskiyou Wildernes.This Trailhead provides access to the West Slope route. 24 miles up US 199 from Crescent City (or 55 miles over From Grants Pass) Turn on Forest Route 16 / Little Jones Creek Road. After 10 miles turn left on Forest Route 16N02. Follow this road for 3 miles to the trailhead. Preston Peak Approach Map (for high resolution map click here)Summit RoutesNorthwest Ridge Via Raspberry Lake YDS class 3 Northwest Ridge Approach: Young's Valley Trailhead 18 miles and 5300 feet of elevation gain round trip Most Ascents of Preston Peak take place by this route. Begin at the Young's Valley Trailhead and hike 3 miles to Young's Valley. Pass the junction with the Clear Creek Trail and continue toward Raspberry Lake. The Trail begins as an old road bed until reaching an old chrome mine 6 miles in. After the mine the trail becomes much narrower, the last mile to the lake is much more rugged. Raspberry lake is 7 miles from the trailhead. Summit Route The lake is where the real fun begins. Begin traversing along the west side of the lake. Ascend the ridge on a large rockfall area on the west side of the lake. Now follow the crest of the ridge to a large gargoyle shaped outcrop. Traverse high on the east side of the ridge to get around this outcrop. Cross the ridge and traverse level on the west side of peak 6121 until the saddle between peak 6121 and Preston Peak is attained, cairns mark the way. From the saddle between Peak 6121 and Preston Peak the route is much more obvious, simply follow the Northwest ridge to the summit. Ascending the ridge involves crossing a variety of terrain including; heavy brush, dirt gullies, boulder hoping and some scrambling on granite slabs. A more detailed description of this route can be found here. West Slope Via Rattlesnake Meadows YDS class 4 (mostly class 2) Approach 1: Doe Flat Trailhead 23 miles and 7200 feet of elevation gain round trip West Slope The Doe Flat Trailhead provides access to the West slope of Preston Peak, however this approach involves 3000 feet of elevation gain on the return, which can be demoralizing after a long summit day. Descend 4 miles along the Doe Flat Trail to Trout Camp. The last mile is quite steep. From trout camp head north on the Clear Creek trail for 2 miles to the junction with the Rattlesnake Meadows trail. Follow the Rattlesnake meadows trail to Rattlesnake Meadows. Approach 2: Young's Valley Trailhead 19 miles and 6200 feet of elevation gain round trip This approach is slightly shorter and lacks the extra elevation gain. Begin at the Young's Valley Trailhead and hike 3 miles to Young's Valley. Turn at the junction with the Clear Creek Trail, and follow it to the junction with the Rattlesnake Meadows trail. Follow the Rattlesnake Meadows trail to Rattlesnake Meadows. Summit Route Head east from the meadows aiming between the True summit and the south summit of Preston Peak. Ascend a large slanting rockfall to the saddle between the two summits. This portion of the climb is a long tedious boulder hop. Once the saddle between the peaks is attained follow the crest of the south ridge to the summit. While short the final scramble along this ridge is quite exposed, a few moves near the summit are class 4. Other Approaches Preston Peak From Red ButteNortheast Ridge Beta provided by Jesus Malverde A few summers ago,. We approached our base camp tarn via Cedar Crest, a spectacular ridgeline that extends south from Preston Peak to the Clear Creek. Plan on three days for this cross-country approach (highly recommended!), driving in from highway 96 along the Klamath River. Summit Views Summit View Preston Peak has one of the best summit views in the Klamath Mountains. To the west the Pacific Ocean is clearly visable. To the east the vast intermountain Klamath region of Northern California stretches with endless rugged peaks definfing the skyline. 26 peaks and features are labeled in the above panorama. Red Tape From the Ridge Above Raspberry Lake Preston Peak is located inside the Siskiyou Wilderness. This wilderness area contains no special regulations other than standard wilderness ethics. Wilderness permits are not required in the Siskiyou wilderness however campfire permits are required if you plan to have a campfire or use an open flame stove. Knopki Creek Road and Little Jones Creek Road close during the wet season (around October) and stay closed until the snow melts out, making summer the most realistic time to visit, though the peak could be attempted year round. Preston Peak can see heavy snowfall in the winter time and snow may linger into summer. Camping Raspberry Lake Camping is allowed just about anywhere in the Siskiyou Wilderness area and surrounding National Forest land. Some specific campsites are listed below and shown on the attached map. Camping at either trailhead is also an option. Young's Valley Trailhead: Young's Valley (West Side) (3 miles) Bell Echo Camp (4 miles) Raspberry Lake (7 miles) Doe Flat Trailhead: Trout Camp (4 miles) Rattlesnake Meadows (8 miles)Contacts and Additonal Info A tarn on the east side of Preston PeakFor more information on Preston Peak, consult pages 182-192 of “Hiking the Bigfoot Country” by John Hart. The book is a 1975 publication of the Sierra Club Klamath National Forest 1312 Fairlane Road Yreka, CA 96097-9549 (530) 842-6131 fax 530.841.4571 TTY/TDD 530.841.4573 Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest 3040 Biddle Road Medford, OR 97504 (541) 618-2200 TTY 1-866-296-3823 Six Rivers National Forest 1330 Bayshore Way Eureka, CA95501 707.442.1721 fax 707.442.9242 TTY/TDD 707.442.1721 Klamath National Forest Page on Siskiyou Wilderness Smith River National Recreation Area Visitor Center, Gasquet, (707) 457-3131 Calling local National Forest ranger stations will most likely be of no use. The individuals I have spoken with weren't much help with anything. In fact most National Forest employees in the area probably haven't even been inside the wilderness area. External Links North Face from point 6121 A Trip Report (note: I do not recommend the approach from the Black Butte Trailhead) A Video from the same source Article from Oregon LiveImages[ View Gallery - 34 More Images ]iHerb Customer Reviews
Aroma Naturals, Soy VegePure, 100% Natural Soy Pillar Candle, Meditation, Patchouli & Frankincense, 8.8 oz (260 g)
Smells Wonderful
1 person found the following review helpful
Posted by Reviewer1303253 on Feb 16, 2013
This candle burns cleanly and smells great! It does not overpower (like the artificial ones do), but it is enough to make a larger room smell really nice. It is a very relaxing scent..
long burning
Posted by Reviewer1223026 on Feb 15, 2011
smells stronger in the box, but is lovely when burning also.remote services technician jobs near Independence, MO
Certified Tumor Registrar (M,T,W,Fr-work remote Wed-work onsite)
Truman Medical Centers- Kansas City , MO
diabetes, women's health, and trauma services. TMC is a two-hospital, combined 413-bed not-for-profit hospital, which is the largest and most comprehensive safety net healthcare...22 days ago from Truman Medical Centers
Tech II, Product Support/Repair
CareFusion- Kansas City , KS
*Accountabilities:* The Field Service Technician will provide remote and on-site ... Additionally, the Field Service Technician will participate in the installation...16 days ago from CareFusion
Field Service Engineer
Bruker Biosciences- Kansas City , MO
duties may be assigned. Installs and services our MS Systems. Installations involve ... involves operating instrument via remote diagnostic software; independently...7 days ago from Bruker Biosciences Corp
Help Desk Technician
K12itc- Kansas City , MO
support for computer users via phone and remote support software Log all help desk interactions and research questions using available information resources Maintain/update...30+ days ago from StartWire
Customer Care Representative JobNEW
Time Warner Cable- Kansas City , MO
US Area of Interest: Customer Service/Member Services Position Type: Full Time Posting Job ... equipment (e.g. cable box, DVR, remote, Android devices, modems) and exhibit...14 hours ago from Time Warner Cable
Tech II, Product Support/Repair
Carefusion- Kansas City , KS
care Accountabilities: The Field Service Technician will provide remote and on-site ... Additionally, the Field Service Technician will participate in the installation...30+ days ago from CareFusion Corporation
Technical Engagement Leader-Charlotte, North Carolina
Cerner- Kansas City , KS
disaster recovery and temporary hosting services for Cerner clients. CernerWorks ... add value in delivering quality health care services to our clients. Our primary focus is...30+ days ago from Cerner Corporation
Internal Support Technician
Alexander Open Systems- Overland Park , KS
Light Customer-Facing Support Services – Remote or on-site assistance for AOS customers requiring similar skill sets as outlined below Work with ticketing system to manage...30+ days ago from Alexander Open Systems, Inc
Service Desk Specialist
Modis- Kansas City , MO
technical support over the phone, via remote proxy and in person. Establish ... and follow-up with Level 3 technology services staff to ensure timely resolution on...8 days ago from RoboJobs.com
Customer Care RepresentativeNEW
Time Warner Cable Enterprises- Kansas City , MO
equipment (e.g. cable box, DVR, remote, Android devices, modems) and exhibit possibilities to subscribers. By providing information, options, and an unbeatable level of service...3 days ago from Time Warner Cable Enterprises LLC.
-
- Advantage Tech 71
- Cerner 51
- Oracle 27
- HP 13
- Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) 10
- Ctg 10
- Jack Henry and Associates 9
- Genesis10 7
- Dell 6
- Deluxe 6
- See more >
- Full time 483
- Permanent 470
- Contract 9
- Part time 7
- Internship 5
-
- 0 - 2 years 39
- 2 - 5 years 95
- 5 - 7 years 67
- 7 - 10 years 39
- 10 - 15 years 9
-
- Exclude Job Boards 246
- Job Boards Only 238
-advertisement
Psychiatrist, Pediatric / Adolescent Psychiatrist
26 years of experience
26 years of experience
105 Terry Dr
Ste 103
Newtown, PA 18940 Phone number & directions
Ste 103
Newtown, PA 18940 Phone number & directions
advertisement
Learn more about Dr. Sandra Zebrowski:
View the full profile to get information on:
- Qualifications
- What's important to you
View full profile
Patient Reviews
Have you visited Dr. Zebrowski? Share your experience.
Write a Review
Write a Review
Specialties & Research
Dr. Sandra Zebrowski, MD is board certified in Child & Adolescent Psychiatry and Psychiatry.
- She has special expertise in 7 areas:
- Attention Deficit Disorder (ADD) / Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
- Bipolar Disorder / Manic Depressive Disorder
- Depression
- Depressive Disorder
- Insomnia
- Schizophrenia
- Sleep Disorders
Education & Awards
Dr. Zebrowski graduated from Temple University Physicians, Philadelphia.
advertisement
Home > Find a Psychiatrist > PA > Newtown Psychiatrists > Dr. Sandra Zebrowski, MD
Similar doctors nearby
Dr. George Lawson
Psychiatry
Newtown, PA
Dr. Manolo Mempin
Psychiatry
37 years experience
Langhorne, PA
Dr. Harry Markow
Psychiatry
39 years experience
Newtown, PA
Dr. Ruth Rosenberg
Psychiatry
23 years experience
Newtown, PA
Dr. Seth Rosenwald
Psychiatry
27 years experience
Newtown, PA
Dr. Evan Feibusch
Psychiatry
18 years experience
Newtown, PA
- Additional Information
- Dr. Sandra Marie Zebrowski MD is a female Pediatric / Adolescent Psychiatrist, has 26 years of experience and practices in Psychiatry and Child & Adolescent Psychiatry.
- Where does Dr. Sandra M. Zebrowski practice?
- Dr. Sandra Zebrowski has 1 office location.
- Dr. Sandra Zebrowski practices Psychiatry and Child & Adolescent Psychiatry near Newtown, PA.
See Newtown Psychiatrists."This being the season of goodwill, it seemed only right to add a few festive recipes to my Nigellissima app. The update also includes a list of my must-have ingredients for an Italian-inspired Christmas. Buon Natale a tutti!"
If you're feeling in the mood for some Italian inspiration, why not download Nigella's exclusive free taster app! Guaranteed to bring the spirit of Nigellissima - and an Italian-inspired Christmas - onto your iPhone or iPad, pronto!
With thirteen Italian-inspired recipes from the new book, as well as unique behind-the-scenes content, Nigellissima invites you to experience Nigella's Italy. Discover the story behind the making of the book, watch an interactive Q&A with Nigella, and browse ‘Nigella’s Latin Loves’, her must-have Italian ingredients and implements, shot in fun 360 degree photography.
All this and more, elegantly displayed via an innovative and user-friendly interface. Ciao!
Although this recipe does not itself issue from Italy, the inspiration is entirely Italian. One of… See RecipePac Div Ft Mac Miller & Raven Sorvino – Black Acura
August 29, 2012 | Music, Rap/Hip Hop
For their new single, Pac Div decide to team up with Mac Miller and Raven Sorvino. ‘Black Acura’ is produced by Thelonius Martin and will appear on their upcoming album “GMB”.
Listen to the track below.
Previously: Pac Div – Bank (Prod. by Scoop DeVille)
Pingback: V Playlist: Pac Div x Mac Miller x Raven Sorvino, Sir Michael Rocks x Vic Mensa, Plies, Tech N9ne, Troy Ave()
Pingback: Pac Div – Truth | Xclusives Zone(): 31 March 1999
House: Senate
Portfolio: Environment and Heritage
Commencement: 28 days after Royal Assent, except
for provisions relating to the Australia-Indonesia Delimitation
Treaty which commence when the Treaty enters into force for
Australia.
The Environment and Heritage Legislation
Amendment Bill 1999 (the Bill) amends the Environment
Protection (Sea Dumping) Act 1981 in order to implement the
1996 Protocol to the Convention on the Prevention of Marine
Pollution by Dumping of Wastes and Other Matter, 1972. It also
amends the Sea Installations Act 1987 to allow the
Environment Minister to issue and vary a permit for a sea
installation which is located partly in Commonwealth waters and
partly in the State or Territory coastal waters within three
nautical miles of the territorial sea baseline.
The Government's ocean policy was released in
1998, to coincide with the International Year of the Oceans.
Australia's Oceans Policy sets out the planning and
management framework for oceans and includes commitments to:
complete action to ratify the 1996 Protocol to
the London Convention and implement the total ban on industrial
waste dumping at sea; and
amend legislation to place beyond doubt the
regulation of artificial reef construction to protect the marine
environment from pollution and to prevent hazards in the sea for
navigation, commercial fishing and divers through conditions
attached to permits under the Commonwealth Environment
Protection (Sea Dumping) Act 1981.(1)
The Bill's proposed amendments to the
Environment Protection (Sea Dumping) Act 1981 aim to
implement the Protocol to the Convention on the Prevention of
Marine Pollution by Dumping of Wastes and Other Matter, 1972 (known
as the 'London Convention'), and will ensure that the commitments
set out in the Oceans Policy are fulfilled. The Bill was referred
to the Environment, Communications Information Technology and the
Arts Legislation Committee for an inquiry, and the Committee
reported on 10 August 1999. The Committee recommended that the Bill
be passed without amendment.(2)
International concern about marine
pollution
Australia's Oceans Policy was developed
in the context of concerns about the fragility of the marine
environment. The last few decades have seen changing international
attitudes to sea dumping, and a turning away from the adage that
'the solution to pollution is dilution'. International concern
about the detrimental effects of dumping of wastes at sea
culminated in the London Convention, which came into force on 30
August 1975.(3) The Convention was the first international
convention to cover the issue of ocean dumping.(4) Australia
ratified it on 21 August 1985, over a year after the
Environment Protection (Sea Dumping) Act 1981 (Sea Dumping
Act), which incorporated the Convention into Australian law, was
proclaimed.(5)
The London Convention, and in turn the Sea
Dumping Act, address sea dumping and do not purport to address all
forms of marine pollution. They focus on the deliberate dumping of
waste at sea by ships or aircraft.(6) The definition of sea dumping
contained in Article 3 of the London Convention does not include
material dumped in the sea from a land source, or the operational
discharges from ships.(7) Similarly, the disposal of wastes related
to the exploitation and offshore processing of sea-bed mineral
resources is not covered by the Convention or the Act.(8)
Certain substances listed in Annex 1 of the
London Convention cannot be dumped under the terms of the
Convention. These include organohalogen compounds, mercury,
cadmium, persistent plastics, crude oil and its wastes, and
radioactive wastes. Though high level radioactive waste dumping has
never been permitted by the London Convention, it did permit low
level waste dumpings until 1994, when the Contracting Parties
decided to stop all radioactive waste dumpings internationally.(9)
Wastes which require a special permit are listed in Annex II and
include arsenic, copper, lead and zinc.
The London Convention appears to have strongly
influenced the content of the Convention for the Protection of
the Natural Resources and Environment of the South Pacific
Region (the Noumea Convention) and the Protocol for the
Prevention of Pollution of the South Pacific Region by Dumping
(the SPREP Protocol).(10) The current provisions of the Sea Dumping
Act give effect to Australia's regional obligations under the SPREP
Protocol(11), which is contained in Schedule 4 to the Act. Sections
9A-9D of the Act, which ban the dumping, loading and incineration
of radioactive waste, fulfil obligations under Article 10 of the
Convention for the Protection of the Natural Resources and
Environment of the South Pacific Region.
The London Convention has been considerably
strengthened by the 1996 Protocol, known as the 1996 Protocol to
the Convention on the Prevention of Marine Pollution by Dumping of
Wastes and Other Matter, 1972. The Protocol is discussed below.
Other relevant Conventions
The London Convention, and the Australian
legislation implementing it, do not address all issues arising from
the dumping of waste and marine pollution. The Basel Convention
on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and
Their Disposal 1989, addresses the shipping of wastes from one
country to another.(12)
In practice, the London Convention may overlap
with the International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution
from Ships 1973 (MARPOL) and the 1978 Protocol.(13) MARPOL however
is not aimed at deliberate sea dumping. It addresses discharges
occurring as a result of maritime transport, such as oil spills, as
well as operational discharges from ships, such as garbage or
sewerage.'(14) In Australia, the Protection of the Sea
(Prevention of Pollution from Ships) Act 1983 implements the
key provisions of MARPOL and the 1978 Protocol. This legislation is
administered by the Australian Maritime Safety Authority
(AMSA).(15)
Administration of the Sea Dumping
Act
The Sea Dumping Act is administered by
Environment Australia, except where dumping is to take place within
the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park, in which case it is
administered by the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park
Authority.(16)
The Sea Dumping Act currently applies from the
low water mark to the outer edge of the Australian Fishing Zone
(AFZ) and to parts of the continental shelf beyond the limit of the
AFZ.(17) If the Bill is passed, the Act will apply to Australia's
Exclusive Economic Zone (see Main Provisions). It does not apply to
waters within the limits of a State, for example Sydney
Harbour.(18) Section 9(1) of the Act, known as the 'roll back'
provision, allows the Environment Minister to publish a notice in
the Commonwealth Gazette that certain provisions of the
Sea Dumping Act no longer apply to the coastal waters of a State or
the Northern Territory, if satisfied that the State or Northern
Territory laws give effect to the London Convention and the SPREP
Protocol in relation to their coastal waters. South Australia,
Tasmania and Western Australia have legislated to this effect.(19)
The Bill proposes to rewrite section 9 so that the Act will
continue to apply to States and their coastal waters in relation to
activities involving radioactive materials and prescribed
materials, but the Act's operation will be limited where the State
has given effect to the 1996 Protocol.
London Convention 1996 Protocol
The London Convention's 1996 Protocol is
intended to replace the Convention's list of banned substances with
a very restricted list of substances which may be dumped at sea
with a permit.(20) The aim of the Protocol, as stated in its
Preamble, is to oblige Contracting Parties to take effective
measures to prevent, reduce and where practical eliminate pollution
caused by dumping.
Australia was one of the 42 Contracting Parties
that adopted the 1996 Protocol at a Special Meeting of Contracting
Parties in 1996, and signed the Protocol on 31 March 1998. If the
Bill is passed, it seems that Australia will move to ratify (i.e.
confirm that it intends to be bound by) the Protocol.(21)
Article 26 provides a transitional period of up
to five years for states to comply with the Protocol.(22) However,
the Protocol's prohibition of incineration at sea or the dumping of
radioactive waste or matter take effect immediately.(23)
Substances permitted to be dumped under
the 1996 Protocol
Annex 1 of the Protocol permits the following
substances to be dumped:
Annex 2 of the Protocol sets out the procedure
for assessing wastes or other matter that may be considered for
dumping at sea. The Annex requires contracting parties to make
further attempts to reduce the necessity for dumping. These
are:
A summary of each of these elements of Annex 2
is contained in the Australian and New Zealand Environment and
Conservation Council's (ANZECC) Interim Ocean Disposal Guidelines
published in December 1998.(24)
The 'Action List' which should be established
under Annex 2 provides a mechanism for screening wastes which are
candidates for dumping, and their constituents, on the basis of
their potential effects of human health and the marine environment.
Action Lists are intended to specify an upper level of
concentrations of substances in order to avoid effects on human
health or sensitive marine organisms. Action Lists aim to ensure
that the level of contaminants dumped is reduced.(25)
Permits under the Sea Dumping
Act
The process for assessing applications under the
Sea Dumping Act is set out in the ANZECC Interim Ocean Disposal
Guidelines. Sea dumping permits are issued by the Environment
Protection Group of Environment Australia for Australian waters
except the Great Barrier Reef Region, which are issued by the Great
Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority. Approximately twenty permits
are issued in Australia each year for sea dumping. Most of these
are for the dumping of uncontaminated dredge spoil (sediments and
materials removed from the seabed as a result of dredging).(26)
Impact assessment under the Environment
Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act
The decision to grant a permit under the Sea
Dumping Act can trigger the application of the Environment
Protection (Impact of Proposals) Act 1974 (EPIP Act). When
assessing permit applications, Environment Australia considers
whether the granting of a permit warrants triggering the assessment
processes under that Act.(27)
The link between the Sea Dumping Act and
recently reformed Commonwealth environmental legislation is still
unclear. The Environmental Reform (Consequential Provisions)
Act 1999 (ERCP Act), which will come into force on or before
17 July 2000(28), will repeal the EPIP Act and several other
environmental statutes, and make savings and transitional
arrangements. The Environment Protection and Biodiversity
Conservation Act 1999 (EPBC Act) will replace the
environmental assessment and approval regime in the EPIP Act.
Unlike the EPIP Act, which is triggered both indirectly by
Commonwealth Government agencies' decisions and by specific
Commonwealth proposals(29), the EPBC Act will be invoked only by
direct triggers: actions which have, will have or are likely to
have a significant impact on the six matters of 'national
environmental significance' listed in the Act.(30)
Once the EPBC Act comes into force, the
assessment process for sea dumping will not be triggered by the
granting of permits under the Sea Dumping Act(31), but could be
triggered by the actual act of sea dumping. The act of sea dumping
would constitute an 'action' under section 523 of the EPBC Act. If
sea dumping has, will have or is likely to have a significant
impact on a matter of national environmental significance under the
EPBC Act, for example the Commonwealth marine environment trigger
in sections 23 and 24A,(32) then the Act would apply to the action
of sea dumping, subject to certain exceptions. These include those
set out in Part 4 of the Act, such as actions covered by bilateral
agreements, actions covered by Ministerial declarations, and
actions in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park.
The Environment Minister has not yet announced
whether sea dumping permitted under the Sea Dumping Act will be
exempted from the operation of the EPBC Act through regulations,
declarations or bilateral agreements under the EPBC Act. It is also
unclear how the EPBC Act will apply to sea dumping which occurs
pursuant to State or Territory legislation. Sea dumping in State or
Territory waters would be a potential trigger for the operation of
subsections 23(2) and 24A(3) of the EPBC Act, which prohibit
actions taken outside Commonwealth marine areas having a
significant impact on a Commonwealth marine area.
Certain provisions in the ERCP Act do however
indicate the way in which the overlap of the EPBC Act and the Sea
Dumping Act may be managed. The ERCP Act will amend the Sea Dumping
Act when the former Act takes effect. Clauses 38 and 39 of Schedule
3 of the ERCP Act appear to contemplate that the EPBC Act can apply
to sea dumping because of its own force (through the relevant
triggers such as the marine trigger) or because of Subdivision A of
Division 4 of Part 11 of the EPBC Act. That Subdivision requires
Commonwealth agencies or employees which are considering giving an
authorisation in respect of certain actions to inform the Minister
of the proposed action and consider the Minister's advice before
issuing the approval. Under subsection 160(2)(d) of the EPBC Act,
regulations could be made requiring Environment Australia to
consider the Minister's advice before issuing an approval for sea
dumping. If this approach is used, subsections 23(4) and 24A(8) of
the EPBC Act would have the effect of removing sea dumping as a
trigger for the operation of the EPBC Act.
There have been no public statements by the
Environment Minister or Environment Australia regarding the way in
which the Sea Dumping Act and the EPBC Act will interact.
Sea Installations Act
In addition to the amendments to the Sea Dumping
Act, the Bill proposes to amend the Sea Installations Act. If the
amendments are passed, this will allow a permit to be issued under
the Act for the proposed 'Basslink' interconnector which would
enable Tasmania to participate in the National Electricity Market.
Basslink will include a high voltage direct current undersea cable
across Bass Strait, converter stations in Tasmania and Victoria,
connecting lines from the converter stations, and transmission
connections to the Tasmanian and Victorian transmission
networks.(33) The Victorian, Commonwealth and Tasmanian governments
have agreed to a combined environmental assessment and approval
process in relation to the Basslink proposal.(34)
The interaction of the Sea Installations Act and
the EPBC Act could be resolved in a manner similar to that which
will be used for the Sea Dumping Act.
Schedule 1--Amendments
Environment Protection (Sea Dumping) Act
1981
Item 2 inserts a definition of
'artificial reef' into subsection 4(1) of the Environment
Protection (Sea Dumping) Act 1981 (Sea Dumping Act). An
artificial reef is a structure or formation placed on the seabed
for certain purposes. The regulations may prescribe what does and
does not constitute an artificial reef.
Item 7 amends the definition of
'Australian waters' in subsection 4(1) of the Sea Dumping Act so
that these waters include the 'exclusive economic zone' as defined
in the Seas and Submerged Lands Act 1973 rather than the
'Australian fishing zone' as defined in the Fisheries
Management Act 1991. Sea above the continental shelf will
remain within the definition of Australian waters. The practical
effect of the amendment is that the exclusive economic zone around
Antarctica will be covered by the Sea Dumping Act. Item
20, which inserts new section 4A,
provides that for the purposes of the Act, 'Australian waters' do
not include the 'top hat area' described in Article 4.3 of the
Torres Strait Treaty.(35) Item 75 allows the
Minister to provide a certificate which is prima facie
evidence that Australian waters included or did not include the top
hat area at a particular time.
Item 8 defines 'controlled
material' which is wastes or other matter within the meaning of the
1996 Protocol to the London Convention, as well as vessels,
aircraft or platforms.
Item 14 defines 'seriously
harmful material' as radioactive material, or any other material
prescribed as such by the regulations. See Item
77.
Item 20 inserts new
section 4A (discussed above) and new section
4B. New section 4B sets out the application of the Sea
Dumping Act to the 'overlap area' which is defined in the
Australia-Indonesia Delimitation Treaty. The section will commence
when the treaty enters into force for Australia. It allows
Australia to give effect to possible obligations under that treaty
when it comes into effect. The 'overlap area' is where Australia or
Indonesia's exclusive economic zone overlaps with other's exclusive
economic zone. The Treaty, which will commence when ratified by
both parties, will establish a delimitation boundary for each
country. The section requires the Minister to consult with the
Government of the Republic of Indonesia prior to issuing a permit
in relation to the overlap area, unless the Minister has published
a notice in the Gazette declaring that the Indonesian
Government has agreed to the issue of permits under the Act in
relation to the overlap area. New subsection 4B(4)
prevents an inspector from exercising powers under the Act in the
overlap area in respect of foreign vessels and aircraft, and
platforms not subject to Australia's jurisdiction under the Treaty,
without first consulting with the Government of Indonesia. There is
no obligation to consult if the Minister has published a notice in
the Gazette declaring that the Government of Indonesia has
notified Australia of its agreement to the exercise by inspectors
of powers under the Act in the overlap area.
Item 21 amends section 5 of the
Act, which provides an exemption from the Act in relation to the
exploration, exploitation and offshore processing of seabed mineral
resources. The amendment means that the exemption in relation to
the disposal or storage of wastes will continue, but will not apply
to the disposal or storage of a vessel, aircraft or platform.
Item 22 narrows the scope of
the current exemption for vessels and aircraft of the Defence
forces. It limits the section 7 Defence forces exemption to the
situation where the Defence vessel or aircraft is being used in
armed conflict or an 'emergency situation' (not defined). The
exemption will no longer apply to Defence Force platforms. The
amendment continues the exemption for vessels or aircraft of
foreign naval, military or air forces, but not for their platforms.
This appears to be consistent with Article 10 of the Protocol.
Item 23 provides that Chapter 2
of the Criminal Code applies to all offences against the
Sea Dumping Act. Chapter 2 of the Criminal Code codifies
the general principles of criminal responsibility under laws of the
Commonwealth, which apply to any offence created by those laws.
These include criminal liability for bodies corporate.
Item 24 repeals section 9 of
the Sea Dumping Act, which allows the Minister to declare that
provisions of the Sea Dumping Act do not apply to the coastal
waters of a State or the Northern Territory where the Minister is
satisfied that State or Northern Territory law gives effect to the
London Convention and the SPREP Protocol. Proposed section
9 allows the Minister to make a declaration limiting the
operation of the Sea Dumping Act where the law of a State or the
Northern Territory gives effect to the 1996 Protocol in relation to
its coastal waters. Declarations are disallowable and the Sea
Dumping Act will continue to apply to the dumping and incineration,
harmful material' as defined in Item 14 (radioactive material or
any other prescribed material). The Act will also continue to apply
to artificial reef placements involving seriously harmful material.
The Sea Dumping Act will therefore continue to apply to dumping of
radioactive material, regardless of any declaration under section
9.
Item 25 repeals sections 9A to
14 of the Sea Dumping Act and inserts new sections 10A to
10F. The new sections introduce a new penalty regime and
more comprehensive prohibitions on certain activities if carried
out without a permit. New sections 10A to 10F set out criminal
penalties for certain offences. Where the offending material is
seriously harmful material, the penalty is imprisonment for up to
10 years, or a fine of up to 2,000 penalty units ($220,000), or
both. Where it the offending material is not within Annex 1 to the
Protocol, the penalty is imprisonment for up to 2 years, or a fine
up to 500 penalty units, or both. In any other case, the penalty is
imprisonment for up to 1 year, or a fine up to 250 penalty units,
or both. Section 4B of the Crimes Act 1914 will apply to
these penalties, so that bodies corporate are liable for up to five
times the maximum pecuniary penalty that could be imposed by a
court on a natural person convicted of the same offence.
New section 10A makes it an
offence to dump 'controlled material' (defined in Item
8) except in accordance with a permit. Controlled material
must not be dumped into Australian waters from a vessel, aircraft
or platform, nor dumped in any part of the sea from an Australian
vessel or aircraft. It is also an offence to dump a vessel,
aircraft or platform (which are included in the definition of
controlled material) into Australian waters, or dump an Australian
vessel or Australian aircraft into any part of the sea.
New section 10B makes it an
offence to incinerate 'controlled material' except in accordance
with a permit if the incineration takes place at sea on a vessel or
platform in Australian waters or on an Australian vessel in any
part of the sea. The offence does not include the combustion or
partial combustion of controlled material at sea but not on a
vessel or platform, for example the burning of a vessel at sea. The
Explanatory Memorandum states that this type of combustion
should be considered dumping for the purposes of the Act, if the
intention was to dispose of the controlled material.(36)
New section 10C prohibits the
incineration except in accordance with a permit. The section
prohibits the loading of controlled material on a vessel, aircraft
or platform in Australia or Australian waters, or on any Australian
vessel or Australian aircraft, where the person knows or is
reckless about its dumping or incineration at sea.
New section 10D prohibits the
export from Australia of controlled material where the person knows
that it will be dumped or incinerated at sea, or is reckless as to
whether this will occur.
New section 10E prohibits the
placing of an artificial reef unless in accordance with a permit.
This amendment will make it beyond doubt that the Commonwealth can
regulate artificial reefs under the Sea Dumping Act.
New section 10F provides that
where there is an offence against any of sections 10A to 10E, then
the person responsible in relation to the offending craft (the
owner or person in charge) or the offending material (the owner of
the material) is guilty of an offence where the person knew that
the offending craft or offending material would be used in
committing the offence against any of sections 10A to 10E, or was
reckless as to whether it would be so used, and did not take
reasonable steps to prevent the use of the offending craft or
offending material in committing the primary offence. 'Offending
craft' and 'offending material' are defined in Items 11 and
12 respectively.
Item 26 repeals section 15,
which provides defences to an offence against certain provisions of
the Sea Dumping Act. Item 26 inserts a new provision setting out
exceptions to proposed offences under the Sea Dumping Act.
Proposed sections 10A and 10B will not apply to
dumping into non-Australian waters, or incineration at sea in
non-Australian waters if it is done in keeping with a permit
granted in accordance with the Protocol by a party to the Protocol.
Section 10C will not apply to loading for dumping
into non-Australian waters, or incineration at sea in
non-Australian waters in the same circumstances.
Proposed sections 10A, 10B, 10C, 10E and
36 will not apply if the conduct was necessary for the
safety of human life or of a vessel, aircraft or platform in the
case of force majeure caused by stress of weather. They
will also not apply if the relevant conduct appeared to be the only
way of averting a threat to human life or to the safety of the
vessel, aircraft or platform, and it was probable that the damage
caused by the conduct would be less than would otherwise occur. For
these exceptions to apply, the conduct must be carried out in a way
that minimises the likelihood of damage to human or marine life,
and must be reported to the Minister as soon as practicable
afterwards. Proposed subsection 15(4) will provide
that the defendant bears the onus of proof of showing that they
come within a section 15 exception.
Item 27 allows the Environment
Minister to ensure the repair or remedying of, or mitigation of any
damage from dumping or incineration of controlled material, or the
placement of an artificial reef or contravention of a condition of
a permit.
Item 33 provides that a person
who takes a vessel out to sea before it is released from detention,
or removes from Australia or an external Territory any aircraft
before it is released from detention, and who knows or is reckless
as to whether the vessel or aircraft is still under detention, is
guilty of an offence. Item 33 also introduces an offence in
relation to owners and persons in charge of such vessels or
aircraft. They are deemed to be a 'responsible person' in relation
to the aircraft or vessel. If the vessel is taken to sea, or the
aircraft is removed from Australia, contrary to proposed subsection
17(5), the owner or person in charge is guilty of an offence if
they know of the detention or were reckless as to the detention,
and did not take reasonable steps to prevent the vessel being taken
out to sea, or the aircraft being removed from Australia. Offences
in relation to detention are punishable by up to two years
imprisonment or a fine up to 120 penalty units ($13,200), or both.
Section 4B of the Crimes Act 1914 will apply (see Item
25).
Item 35 amends section 19 of
the Act. Proposed subsection 19(5) will provide
that, subject to an exception for emergencies, a permit for dumping
or loading can only be granted for controlled material listed
within Annex 1 to the Protocol, and can only be granted in
accordance with Annex 2 to the Protocol (see Background).
Proposed subsection 19(6) provides that, subject
to an exception for emergencies, a permit cannot be granted for
incineration at sea or loading for incineration at sea. The
exception for emergencies is set out in proposed subsection
19(7), which provides that a permit for dumping or
incinerating controlled material, or loading for these purposes,
cannot be granted unless there is an emergency that poses an
unacceptable risk to human health, safety or the marine
environment, and there is no other feasible solution. Item
44 provides that recourse cannot be had to the
Administrative Appeals Tribunal for review of Ministerial decisions
under subsection 19(7). A permit cannot be granted for an
artificial reef placement of 'seriously harmful material' as
defined by Item 14 (subsection 19(8)). When
deciding whether to grant a permit, the Minister must have regard
so far as relevant to the Protocol, Torres Strait Treaty and any
other treaty or convention relating to sea dumping to which
Australia is a party (proposed subsection
19(8A)).
Item 41 amends subsection 23(1)
of the Act so that the holder of a permit may apply to the Minister
for a variation of the permit, or the revocation, suspension or
variation of a condition of the permit. Section 24 provides that
Ministerial decisions under section 23 (and certain other sections)
are reviewable by the Administrative Appeals Tribunal.
Item 44 amends section 24 of
the Act so that a decision by the Minister under subsection 19(7)
of the Act to grant or refuse to grant a permit will not be
reviewable by the Administrative Appeals Tribunal. Proposed
subsection 19(7), discussed above, provides for the granting of
permits in emergencies. Item 47 will require the
Minister to publish in the Gazette the reasons for a decision under
subsection 19(7) granting or refusing to grant a permit in an
emergency situation.
Item 48 revises section 27 of
the Act, and provides that members of the Australian Federal Police
or of the police force of a Territory, as well as officers of the
Australian Customs Service, are inspectors under the Sea Dumping
Act.
Item 63 inserts new section
30A, which allows applications for warrants to be made to a
magistrate by telephone, facsimile or other electronic means. The
magistrate may require voice communication to the extent that this
is practicable. If the magistrate grants the warrant, they must
notify the inspector by telephone, facsimile or other electronic
means of the terms of the warrant.
Item 70 revises section 36 so
that a permit holder is guilty of an offence if they do an act or
omission that contravenes a condition imposed in respect of the
permit, and at the time of the act or omission, the permit holder
is aware of the existence of the condition, or is reckless as to
the existence of the condition. Such an offence carries a maximum
prison term of one year or a fine of up to 250 penalty units
($27,500) for a natural person, or both. Section 4B of the
Crimes Act 1914 will apply (see Item 25).
Item 71 provides that certain
offences under the Sea Dumping Act are indictable offences, but
allows a court of summary jurisdiction to hear and determine
proceedings for such offences if satisfied that it is proper to do
so, and if both the defendant and the prosecutor consent. Item 71
sets out the maximum penalties that a court of summary jurisdiction
may impose for offences against sections 10A to 10F. The highest
penalty of two years imprisonment or a fine of up to 240 penalty
units, or both, can be imposed if it is proved that the offending
material is seriously harmful material. A lower penalty of up to 1
year's imprisonment, and a fine of up to 120 penalty units, or
both, can be imposed if the offending material is not within Annex
1 to the Protocol. Where the offending material is not seriously
harmful material, and is not within Annex 1 to the Protocol, up to
6 months imprisonment or a fine up to 60 penalty units, or both,
will apply. The section also sets out maximum penalties that a
court of summary jurisdiction can impose for offences against
subsections 17(5), 35(1), 35(2) and 36(1).
Item 76 inserts new section 40A
which protects acts or omissions in good faith by an official in
relation to an artificial reef permit, whether negligent or not. No
action or proceeding lies against the official or the Commonwealth
for any loss or injury in relation to the permit, whether or not
the placement of the matter or thing was done in accordance with
the permit.
Item 77 inserts new subsection
41(3) into the Act, which ensures that before a regulation
prescribes material as 'seriously harmful material' for the
purposes of subsection 4(1), the Minister must be satisfied that
the material is capable of causing serious harm to the marine
environment. This limitation on the kinds of material that may be
prescribed as 'seriously harmful material' does not appear to
incorporate the precautionary principle (see Concluding
Item 78 inserts the 1996
Protocol to the Convention on the Prevention of Marine Pollution by
Dumping of Wastes and Other Matter, 1972.
Item 79 repeals subsection
19(2) of the Sea Installations Act 1987, so that the
Minister will be able to grant a person a permit to authorise a sea
installation to be located partly in, and partly outside, the
'adjacent area' of a State or an affected Territory. The definition
of 'adjacent areas' contained in section 5 of the Sea Installations
Act is somewhat convoluted, but essentially consists of waters
within the exclusive economic zone or outside of it, within the
outer limits of the continental shelf, but does not include waters
from the territorial sea baseline to three nautical miles out from
the baseline. The Explanatory Memorandum states that this
amendment is not intended to bring within the ambit of the Sea
Installations Act any sea installations, or the installation and
use of sea installations, to which the Act does not currently
apply.(37)
Item 80 repeals subsection
29(3) of the Sea Installations Act, which currently prevents the
Minister from varying a permit so that a sea installation located
partly in, and partly outside, the 'adjacent area' of a State or an
affected Territory. The Explanatory Memorandum states that
this amendment is not intended to bring within the ambit of the Sea
Installations Act any sea installations, or the installation and
use of sea installations, to which it does not currently
apply.(38)
Australia's implementation of the 1996 Protocol
to the London Convention is a positive development, as are the
proposed amendments increasing the penalties for contraventions of
the Sea Dumping Act. Changes such as the curtailing of the Defence
Forces exemption are not likely to unduly burden the Defence
Department, as the Defence Forces have voluntarily complied with
the Sea Dumping Act.(39) The inclusion of Australia's exclusive
economic zone around Antarctica is also a positive development.
However, the possibility of sea dumping permits being granted for
that area, may, for some, be a matter of concern. Under proposed
section 19(8A), permits could only be granted in relation to the
Antarctic area if dumping was consistent with Australia's
international obligations under various Antarctic treaties. For
example, dumping may not be consistent with Australia's obligations
under the Protocol on Environmental Protection to the Antarctic
Treaty of 1 December 1959, which addresses, amongst other things,
disposal of waste at sea.(40)
It might be argued that the amendments should
explicitly incorporate the 'precautionary principle'. The Minister
for Environment and Heritage, Senator the Hon. Robert Hill, has
stated that:
The Protocol incorporates the precautionary
principle - if there is any concern that a substance may harm the
environment, it will not be dumped until testing has proved
otherwise.(41)
Article 3.2 of the Protocol states:.
On one view, it therefore may be preferable for
the Act to explicitly require the Minister to apply the
precautionary principle when making decisions under the Act.
However, the practical effect of the absence of an explicit
adoption of the precautionary principle may be reduced or offset by
provisions such as section 18 of the Act, which allows the Minister
to require the applicant for a permit to enter into an agreement
that includes provisions such as that the applicant will undertake
research or analysis relating to the effect that the proposed
dumping might have on the marine environment.
In any case, the use of 'reverse listing'
(listing only those substances which may be dumped, rather than
those which may not) in Annex 1 of the 1996 Protocol is a strongly
precautionary measure.
The Victorian Government has raised concerns
about the amendments to the Sea Installations Act. In its
Submission to the Environment, Communications, Information
Technology and the Arts Legislation Committee Inquiry into the
Environment and Heritage Legislation Amendment Bill, it stated:
Nevertheless, Victoria is concerned that with
the proposed amendments the Commonwealth Minister would have the
power to issue a permit for an entire sea installation which
straddles State waters and Commonwealth waters. As currently
proposed, the amendments would provide for the granting of a permit
for an entire sea installation under the Sea Installations Act
1987, including that part within State waters. The Sea
Installations Act 1987 would therefore override State law, to
the extent that there is an inconsistency. The proposed amendments
also suggest that there is potential for the environmental
approvals process under the Sea Installations Act 1987 to
override Victorian processes.(42)
Victoria's submission proposed that a further
amendment should be made that ensured that a permit for a sea
installation straddling an adjacent area and State waters only
applies to that part of the sea installation within the 'adjacent
area' and does not apply to that part of the sea installation in
State waters.
Fiona Walker
26
Air-conditioning in the bedrooms
(Show on map)
Sort by >>
[+-]Random Selection Rating Sleeps Newest villas Price
Location address: Osv.
This entry was posted on Thursday, February 23rd, 2012 at 2:11 pm and is filed under Composers, Contemporary Classical. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Only underlings are bound by “mutual respect”, I guess.
Dennis
“I don’t know about academia’s ethics”
“This course, like any other, is premised on mutual respect and honesty. More specifically, I expect that the work you submit is your own. Plagiarism will therefore be severely penalized: any work containing plagiarized material will be granted the grade of no credit and may subject you to prosecution before the …”
Reinaldo, if I’m not mistaken, this does happen in the science world all the time. The work of underlings is taken (particularly in academia), verified, and branded with the name of the boss/professor. And not just science. There isn’t even an agreement, as in the Sidereus deal. Work is owned by a corporation and issued under the name of its prestige scientist or taken from a graduate student and presented as a professor’s original work. I’m not sure what the ethics are here (corporate contracts often specify owning your work whether created during work or on off-hours; I don’t know about academia’s eithics, but as an editor of academic papers, I’ve seen it often enough).
So none of this is new. The question for me remains the orchestras, their expectations, and their contracts. And what will happen in the commissioning business from now on.
Great essay, Garrett.
ARG, yet one more oversight here. The sentence should read like this: Let’s say for a moment that the wording in the commissioning contract was not very specific about the piece being an “original” work, isn’t it part of the job description of a composer to write exactly this: “original” works. We have names for all of the other things: arranger, orchestrator, transcriber.
Sorry, I’m agreeing with Dennis about the assessment of Sidereus. Just one last thing since I’m already posting again: Let’s say for a moment that may, isn’t it part of the job description of a composer to write “original” work? I keep thinking that if this had happened in the science world, and we had a scientist passing someone else’s research as his own, this behavior would not be tolerated and the consequences would be swift. Why is it allowed for a composer of that stature to do this? If a lesser-know composer were to to this exact same thing, he/she might find it hard to get work after this. With Mr. Golijov so many people are prone to shrug it off as part of his “modus operandi”. I believe this sends the wrong message.
What seems to be missing from the discussions about the appropriation of older music in a new composition is the idea of transformation. Even Alex Ross defends Golijov’s practice of taking someone else’s work and including it into his own work, by saying that there is a long tradition of appropriation in the history of Western Music. However, I doubt that anyone here would accuse Stravinsky or Bach of plagiarism. Both of these composers took liberally from others, but in the process of composition, there was a transformation of these raw materials into something unique and individual, thoroughly imbued with the personalities of each of the composers. What Golijov has done here is a graduate-student level orchestration exercise. Adding a few lugubrious chords at the opening and in the middle section does not constitute to me enough of a personal contribution in Golijov’s part for me to really consider this piece to be Golijov’s.
While I agree with Garrett’s point that Sidereus is not a very good piece, I don’t necessarily think that this is really the issue at hand here. We must all surely know commissioned pieces that have turned out to be less than stellar. Presenters and commissioning organizations are aware of the risks involved in commissioning a new work from a composer (it might not turn out be a good piece), but I do believe that they are at least entitled to have an original work, and at least as long as was originally agreed. As someone commented in one of the many conversations I have had about this issue: “If he was going to steal a piece, why not at least steal one that was long enough?”
It is unfortunate that celebrity trumps an inspired composition whomever the composer. Don’t worry, every comment and blog on this controversy will supercharge its target.
While I appreciate Lynn Job’s observation concerning the use of ghostwriters in celebrity autobiographies, it must be noted that even in this instance the end product is new and original material – whoever wrote it. A better parallel might be an autobiography which borrowed incidents from another autobiography and simply changed the names to the current subject. Even in Hollywood, where I know at least one composer who can’t read music but has “composed” Oscar-winning orchestral scores, the product is original. Apparently that obvious point was omitted from the contract for this commission, but I imagine it will be prominent in future commission contracts.
I do agree with my esteemed colleague Dennis Bathory-Kitsz, certainly a genius composer himself, that orchestral commissions are increasingly an insiders’ game. Although such an incident would be a career-killer for us mid-level composers, I am confident that Golijov’s career will suffer not at all. As I said on Facebook, “Composition is all about vision. For example, I envision Joan Tower’s scores with my name on them as the composer. That should be OK, right, since the overall artistic vision was mine?”
Eric, the ‘original material’ issue is always specified in calls for scores, competitions, etc., isn’t it? I’m sure we’ve all read those terms: No arrangements, no music already premiered, nothing published, written specifically for the competition or score call. And could it be that such terms were NOT in Golijov’s commission contracts? Please, someone from the orchestras step up with a copy of this contract!
As Jim R alluded to in his post, I will just say it outright: it is laughable to suggest that the most publicized composers have some sort of burden of having to “carry the load” of most commissions from major orchestras. Do you realize how much these commissions are worth? Do you also realize they’re allowed to say “no”? If they do not fulfill their obligations in the commission contract (interesting point made about specifying “original material”), they are legally bound by any consequences spelled out in the contract. If there are no such consequences for the above situation, they are home free, legally speaking, but will just have to face the public outrage. And they should.
It is very generous, though, of the OP to volunteer his, and collectively, all of us lesser-known’s services to help take the burden off all of those high profile guys 😉 As soon as the John Adams’s and the Chris Rouse’s agree to that, tell me where I can sign up too!
As far as the treachery of commissions, as Dennis B-K mentioned, here are some thoughts: until a composer has their own management, publicist, and publisher, that composer is responsible not only for creating art, but also managing their career. This includes being able to negotiate contracts, book performances, and be a salesperson (“close the deal”). This isn’t easy. We all stumble (I certainly have). But it’s ultimately our responsibility- unless we get lucky and are “discovered” and taken under someone’s wing, or simply are independently wealthy enough to afford to have people do all of this for us. When one is confident enough to be able to do this sort of thing, though, people will take this composer more seriously, and will be far less likely to take advantage of him/her.
There’s no use complaining about it- the music business isn’t always pretty. But if that’s your vocation, best to learn how to play the game so that when the time comes, you know how to be in control. It also means knowing when to walk away from a bad offer (i.e. a commission which the commissioner reserves the right to cancel the commission if they don’t like the way the 13th in your final E b9 #11 b13 sonority resolves).
n.b.- The fact that I’ve always thought Golijov is a phony isn’t really relevant to any of this, but let’s just say that this whole issue reinforces that in my mind
Great piece, Garrett. Thanks for the extra effort.
You know, this is probably a tangent, but here it is. We allow every penny-ante group to specify the terms of pieces, with some groups even asking us to pay for them to look at and reject them. I’ve had commissions rejected. The violist who was subbing in one of our ensembles here derailed a 40-minute premiere of mine because she thought it was no good. And we stay silent? I think that’s wrong. And I’m going to post below what I posted to my Facebook page (at almost the exact same moment Garrett’s piece above appeared). Here it is, unedited from how it appeared on FB:
Let’s assume that what’s been reported is true. Osvaldo Golijov orchestrated someone else’s work and passed it off as his own.
This has brought up lots of ill feeling about the size of the commission — from 35 orchestras — and how Golijov shorted the piece as well. But there’s some jealousy under that.
For my part, I don’t resent that Golijov got a 35-orchestra commission and I didn’t, nor that my colleagues didn’t, because we wouldn’t have anyway, ever. This is an insider’s game. We don’t get to play. Golijov does.
No, I don’t see a failure of morals here because we have triply encouraged this through rewarding sameness, through our history of borrowing and stealing, and through the generic use of other work such as samples and mashups and up/downloading what we can.
No, I’m not offended that he might have used another’s work and passed it off as his own, so long as there was an agreement among the two. Lynn Job has made the point about ghostwriting; most celebrity autobiographies are ghostwritten or patched together from interviews. At least the ghostwriters get a crumb of collaborative credit along with a pot o’ cash. Heck, I ghostwrite for money.
No, I am so not bothered that 35 orchestras got hoodwinked because they didn’t appear to have done their due diligence by specifying original material only in the contracts (I’m sure they didn’t, or that would have been the first item in the news). Apparently they didn’t specify length, either, so you know what? You earned it, orchestras.
But yes, I am bothered that nobody noticed until now … that the material of this and other works was lifted and no one who should have known did know. As I’ve said before, if Turnage hadn’t mentioned his use of ‘Single Ladies’, it would have been ludicrous because everyone would have known anyway. Knowing another musical culture isn’t in many critics’ kit bag, and it looks like there’s some work to be done.
And yes, I am also bothered by the lack of shared credit. I’ve made the point about Gavin Bryars not being thorough or respectful in basing an entire electroacoustic piece on a sample taken from a human being dismissed as a ‘tramp’ and apparently worthy of neither honor nor of a portion of the royalties (nor even the area in which the ‘tramp’ lived receiving the royalties for whatever public services the ‘tramp’ and his colleagues might have needed). I’m entirely committed to the notion of credit where due.
But something else that bothers me is deeper and that goes to our spirits as artists. The piece is not a very interesting one, and that has been obscured by the rest of the controversy. Calling Golijov out on plagiarism is so much easier than calling him out on the shoddy work. It’s a backdoor way of attacking Golijov through his credibility and not his art.
If we have something to say about the art, let’s not take down a reputation over what, in the long history of art, is tradition.
Armando, I think we do need to be able to say that, and discuss it openly. You can leave it to the critics — look how successful they were — or you can be brave about your opinions, provide analysis, and make your case. If not, then we deserve the dismissive criticism we get from the public.
<>
Garrett, I have to take you to task on this: saying the piece isn’t very good is your SUBJECTIVE opinion. (I actually find it a rather beautiful and well orchestrated of Mr. Ward-Bergeman’s piece.) If organizations start rescinding commissions after they’re delivered because they’re “no good” (or as one composer friend of mine once had happen, because it didn’t sound enough like his/her earlier work) then we’ll all be in trouble.
Great article. It is heartening to measured discussion about the matter.
In fact, Mr. Golijov’s statement to Ms. Guimarães that “each piece of music comes from another piece. There is nothing that originates from nothing.” is reported by Ms. Guimarães as being his first salvo in their conversation…which was the result of her telling him that his original explanation for why he used another composer’s work without permission and without credit in “Kohelet” no longer resonated for her. It isn’t a very compelling argument, as the conversation that followed and Mr. Golijov’s own actions when confronted by Ms. Guimarães about his “borrowing” reveals that Mr. Golijov himself understands there is borrowing, reference, and event extensive citation…and then there is appropriating far beyond what even he would say is acceptable.
While Ms. Guimarães does not reveal the composer of the music Mr. Golijov used in “Kohelet”, she does indicate that it is by a famous composer and that the song is “uma famosa melodia brasileira.” I can’t see where she says it was a “traditional Brazilian melody” — which, of course, is more often considered fair game.
As an arts administrator, I have less concern for the psychological trials facing successful composers in the modern world (I would be quite willing to put up with a LOT of psychological pressure at $50- to $75,000 a pop), than I have for the implications all of this has for what I consider to be the fundamental responsibility of my profession: delivering to my audiences authentic, powerful work with integrity, transparency and comprehensible insight. Not a lot of that going on in this case. And I am disappointed in how my colleagues at the 36 orchestras in quesiton are (or, rather, are not), by all appearances, handling the matter.
A fine essay, and an excellent summing up — and extension — of multiple viewpoints on this important topic (although the analogy to the world of sports reminds me of George Steiner bringing in Knute Rockne in his Charles Eliot Norton Harvard Lectures of 2001-02).
My understanding is also that Golijov, like Bright Sheng, Steven Mackey, Steven Stucky, and numerous other fine American composers, have academic teaching responsibilities (unlike in Europe where free-lancing has been more economically feasible for the past few, post WWII generations due to greater state-support of the arts — and less crushing recent individual/family private debt.)
Do American university-based composers have adequate sabbatical support to fulfill their public orchestral commissions at the highest artistic level? (That said, Philip Glass and John Adams — not academically-based — also suffer pressure to fulfill major orchestral commissions, I believe).
And if you allege that the present system is at least partially to blame, how might the system of artistic support, in the U.S., be changed so as to nurture more consistently high quality, original new work? More details of your ideas are needed.
I heard Sidereus live, and I frankly can’t recall too much of it; as I can’t recall too much of Glass’s Toltec Symphony #7 or Glass’s new Symphony #9. (I recall more of Glass’s Symphony #5; it being, in my mind, an important predecessor of Adam’s On the Transmigration of Souls.)).There are currently no items in your cart.
The Piano Guys - Simplified Favorites, Vol. 1
Easy Piano Arrangements with Optional Cello Parts
Look inside(3)
- Instrument:
-
- Format:
-
The Piano Guys - Simplified Favorites, Vol. 1 (Easy Piano Arrangements with Optional Cello Parts). By The Piano Guys. For Cello, Piano/Keyboard. Easy Piano Personality. Softcover. 106 pages. Published by Hal Leonard (HL.127421).
ISBN 1480390186. 9x12 inches.
With their clever and inspiring takes on popular music and creative videos, The Piano Guys serve up an eclectic mix of classical, film score, rock and pop favorites.
- Without You
- Paradise
- Moonlight
- All Of Me
- Begin Again
- Rolling In The Deep
- Titanium
- A Thousand Years
- Arwen's Vigil
- Kung Fu Piano: Cello Ascends
- Over The Rainbow
Buy Together
$16.99
$12.95
The Piano Guys - Simplified Favorites, Vol. 1
with
QT-5 Qwik Time Quartz Metronome - Credit Card Size
Buy both for $29.94
Customers Who Bought The Piano Guys - Simplified Favorites, Vol. 1 Also Bought:
The Piano Guys - A Family Christmas
$19.99
Let It Go
$5.99 $4.49
Frozen (Piano/Vocal/Guitar)
$16.99 $12.74
Songs from Frozen, Tangled and Ench...
$12.99 $9.74
Top Hits of 2014
$14.99
The Best Songs Ever - 6th Edition (...
$19.95
The Piano Guys
$19.99
Top Hits of 2014
$16.99
The Giant Book of Pop & Rock Sheet ...
$20.99
Frozen - Violin Play Along
$14.99 $11.24
100 Movie Songs for Piano Solo
$24.99
100 Light Classics for Piano Solo
$24.99
Bastien Piano Basics, Primer, Piano
$6.95
Christmas Solos for Beginning Cello...
$17.99
Songs from Frozen, Tangled and Ench...
$14.99 $11.24
The Giant Book of Christmas Sheet M...
$20.99
All of Me
$3.99
Bastien Piano Basics, Primer, Perfo...
$5.50
The Piano Guys - Simplified Favorites, Vol. 1
Easy Piano Arrangements with Optional Cello - Simplified Favorites, Vol. 1
Easy Piano Arrangements with Optional Cello Piano Guys Sheet Music The Piano Guys Cello Sheet Music The Piano Guys Easy Piano Sheet Music
Instrument: Cello Sheet Music Easy Piano Sheet Music
Format: Collection / SongbookIt is a measure of David Cameron's admiration for Andy Coulson that the prime minister was happy to see him walk out of the front door of No 10 into the glare of photographers' flashbulbs this evening.
Coulson, who will leave No 10 for good in a few weeks weeks time, could have slipped out through the entrance to the cabinet office on Whitehall. But the prime minister clearly wanted to signal that, in his eyes, there is no stain on Coulson's reputation.
The prime minister is genuinely saddened by the resignation of Coulson who became a good friend in the three and a half years he spent as a key member of the Cameron inner circle. Cameron's sadness goes deeper than regret at the loss of a voice from beyond Notting Hill.
Cameron regards Coulson as a consummate professional who ran a tight ship at Conservative HQ and then in Downing Street where he was greatly liked and respected by his staff. There was the odd tear in No 10 yesterday.
Coulson will never forget Coulson's role in helping to craft a more nuanced message for the Tories after his arrival in 2007. The future prime minister had initially adopted what Tory critics described as a tree hugging approach, designed to contaminate the party's brand, after his election as leader in 2005. Coulson gave the Tories a sharper edge, designed to appeal to readers of the Sun, in a way which helped ensure there was no crude lurch to the right in the way William Hague appealed to the Tory core vote when his leadership ran into trouble in 1997.
Senior Tories fear that it will be difficult to replace Coulson. This is what one minister told me:
It is a pity Andy has gone because he is a real professional. I fear we won't be able to replace him with someone as good.
While Cameron is disappointed to see Coulson leave, figures familiar with the thinking in the inner circle believe that he and George Osborne, who was instrumental in recruiting the former tabloid editor, are not distraught.
Two reasons explain why there is no panic in Downing Street. Cameron and Osborne have known for weeks that Coulson would have to go as the allegations about illegal phone hacking at the News of the World mounted in recent weeks. Coulson insists he had no knowledge of the hacking.
There is a second, more intriguing, reason for the lack of panic. One ally says that Cameron and Osborne have matured since 2007 and have greatly grown in confidence since they turned to Coulson in panic at a low point in their fortunes.
Today's Cameron-Osborne confidence means they feel they can cope with the loss of a valued and respected member of their court.
This is what one ally told me:
David has grown into a natural prime minister and George's reputation has been enhanced as chancellor. Their reliance on any one person is less than it was.
In a way these remarks are a tribute to Coulson. They show how Cameron has grown in stature since Coulson's arrival in 2007. The former tabloid editor joined at a low point as a row over grammar schools highlighted a lack of discipline in Cameron's office.
Within months Cameron and Osborne had transformed their fortunes after a series of announcements at the 2007 Tory conference – most notably a pledge to raise the inheritance tax threshold to £1m – had spooked Gordon Brown into abandoning plans for an election. Coulson was not the only person who helped in the transformation. But he was an important voice.
As Coulson walked out of the front door to No 10 last night there was sadness among colleagues who knew the pressure he had faced.
The breaking point for Coulson was when he had to devote a week preparing for – and then giving evidence to – the Tommy Sheridan trial. One Tory said:
Andy lost a week. You simply can't afford that when you are the Downing Street communications director.
But Coulson was also alarmed by two other key moments. These were when his two older children were teased at school and when he woke at 4.00am recently to dodge television cameras by leaving for work at 4.30am. Even then the cameras were waiting. One friend said:
You know the game is up when getting up at 4.00am isn't good enough.
Labour will, however, maintain the pressure, as Ed Miliband signalled today when he questioned Cameron's judgment in "hanging" onto Coulson. This is what Tom Watson, the former Labour minister who has led the charge against Coulson as a member of the Commons culture committee, said:
This is the second job that Andy Coulson has resigned from for something he claims to know nothing. Spin and obfuscation is all we get from Downing Street – we need to get to the truth.Slip into something a little more — not mass produced. Find your look
Vacation in NYC – New Years 2009!!
water landscape city tourism ferry ny taxi architetcure
10%off
for joining
the Redbubble
mailing list
Receive exclusive deals and awesome artist news and content right to your inbox.
Free for your convenience.Search properties
WordPress Real Estate Themes
There are always some things that help us to make the life as easier as it is possible and we want to offer you some of them. WordPress Real Estate Themes save you time and money when it goes about starting your own blog that deals with real estate business. If you are looking for reasonably priced professional themes, you will certainly find them in this category. All of them are worth checking out, because among this variety you can find the one you are looking for. Using these Real Estate WordPress Themes you can start the new blog or renovate the existing one and increase its productivity.
Don’t miss a chance to see all catchy themes in our ultimate collection of WordPress themes from Templates.com.
Product: WordPress Templates
us
Select a language
:
News | Share Your Love… | About us | BlogIf you don't have dinner reservations for tonight, you may be doing the cooking.
Many restaurants are reporting tables are filled for the most romantic night of the year with reservations spilling into the weekend. Even the snow isn't holding diners back.
“We have been booked since last weekend,” said Jason Minor, chef at Black n' Bleu in Hampden Twp.
The restaurant is filled tonight, and Feb. 15 isn't looking any better unless you want to reserve a table for the odd times of 3 p.m. or 9:30 p.m.
Next to New Year's Eve and Mother's Day, Valentine's Day is one of the biggest dining out days of the year. This year, with the holiday falling on a Friday reservations will stretch into the weekend.
Seats will be hard to come by at other hot spots such as Mangia Qui in Harrisburg, The Progress Grill in Susquehanna Twp. and Alfred's Victorian in Middletown.
“Booked for weeks,” said Robin Pellegrini, owner of Alfred's Victorian. “It's just a romantic night in a Victorian building.”
The winter storm and the fact more snow is predicted to fall later tonight hasn't stopped couples from going out to eat. Pellegrini said she has received no cancellations.
At this point, her biggest concern is ensuring diners and staff have enough places to park with spots available in the municipal lot behind the Middletown borough building.
Progress Grill owner Nick Karagiannis said they have received only a few cancellations, mostly from regulars who travel in from outside of the immediate Harrisburg area to eat at the restaurant.
Still, the Progress Grill has no wiggle room on its reservation list for tonight or Saturday, Karagiannis said.
At Cafe Fresco downtown, chef Travis Mumma said they are turning people away.
“We are crazy booked. It's nuts,” he said.July 16, 2012 | Lynn Nicholas
Reducing payments to hospitals doesn’t reduce health care costs, it just shifts them to someone else
The state must not try to exert too much control over providers, writes Lynn Nicholas, the president and CEO of the Massachusetts Hospital Association.
Wake up with today's top stories.Want each day's news headlines delivered fresh to your
inbox every morning? Just connect with us
in one of the following ways:
subscriber log inArmenia’s ruling coalition retained a parliamentary majority following the May 2012 elections amid allegations of abuse of administrative resources, and intimidation of voters, observers, and journalists. Ill-treatment in police custody persists. The government has yet to offer conscientious objectors a genuine civilian alternative to military service. It has also failed to effectively investigate a troubling number of non-combat deaths in the military. Violence and discrimination based on sexual orientation are serious problems. Bureaucratic restrictions prevent people with terminal illnesses from accessing strong pain medications.
- May 6, 2015
- Nov 15, 2013
Reports
- Armenia’s Disputed 2008 Presidential Election, Post-Election Violence, and the One-Sided Pursuit of Accountability
Armenia
- May 6, 2015
- May 1, 2015
- Jun 17, 2014
- Nov 28, 2013
- Nov 15, 2013
- Oct 18, 2013
- Sep 11, 2013
- Sep 11, 2013
- Armenia: Letter to Head of Special Investigation Service Regarding Alleged Beating of Peaceful ProtesterSep 9, 2013
- Jan 24, 2013Things Learned At Supersonic 2012...
The Quietus
, November 5th, 2012 09:02
Toby Cook, Cay McDermott, Dave McGonigle, Matt Evans, Noel Gardner, Kevin Mccaighy and John Doran report back from the Custard Factory in Digbeth on their findings
All pictures courtesy of Katja Ogrin bar the exterior shot of Ozzy's house taken by Cay McDermott
A Salutary Lesson In The Indignities Of Fandom
The whole phenomenon of artefacts that accrue quasi-magical value based on momentary or prolonged contact with cultural icons is a tawdry one. Cast-off clothes and ragged, signed paperbacks are secular relics, the modern equivalent of the knucklebones of St Barnabas. I've left the urge to gather such things in my teenage years, where it belongs.
Mostly.
This year's Supersonic bill featured two performances from one of my absolute favourite musicians of all time, Tatsuya Yoshida – first, drumming with Zeni Geva and then solo as RUINS Alone. At one point during the unfeasibly ridiculous and impossibly complex mayhem of the latter set, a stray stick came arcing through the air and found itself in my possession. Had the story ended there, I might have gone home with a nice souvenir. But no. A friend suggested I get it signed. With my judgement impaired by a hyper-prog-induced endorphin rush, this seemed like a good idea.
I encountered Tatsuya in the merch area. After a brief exchange of pleasantries, I said, "oh, and I have your drumstick…" and presented said item, reaching for my pen with the other hand.
"Thank you," he said. "I was looking for that."
Thwarted, embarrassed, not wanting to deprive a touring musician of his gear, I handed it over and scurried away.
This sorry tale has two morals: one, there's no dignity in asking for an autograph, even less in failing to get one. Two, never meet your heroes – they'll only take back the stuff you stole from them.
Matt Evans
Ozzy Osbourne's family home in Lodge Road, Astona ground in the distance. While a person could easily wander around, crossing places off a list (places like 67 Park Lane, where Tony Iommi grew up in the company of a foul mouthed mynah bird, or 210 Witton Road, which he 'visited' twice in 1966 in the guise of 'John the Burglar'), without Rob's explanations you'd just be looking at a bunch of buildings, free of context and meaning. "People keep asking me if I'd be interested in doing a podcast so they can do the tour for themselves," says Rob. "But I think that would take something away from the whole experience." The whole point of Crossroads Of Sabbath is that you're walking in the footsteps of the men themselves, seeing it all first-hand – and taking in a bit of modern British social history while you're at it..
More information on the Crossroads of Sabbath here. Tours will be running throughout 2013.
Christina McDermott
Drum Circles Aren't Just For Hippies, They're For Real People Too
All festivals are, in a certain sense, the brief coming together of a particular diasporic musical community – certainly ones the size of Supersonic, Tusk or even the various ATPs – and you know that while individual tastes may differ, everyone is there for the same reason; everyone is there to share in the same passion. The first year I attended Supersonic in 2010, by myself, I knew nothing of the majority of the acts on the bill; outside of The Quietus' own John and Luke I arrived, essentially, knowing nobody. The friendships I made that first year coupled with the ineffable, intangible atmosphere of togetherness that radiates out of the very brickwork of the old factory units and viaducts that make up the festival site and the joyous, collective appreciation of the extreme, the experimental and the obscure are what keeps me coming back.
On Sunday night, just as the beautifully uncomfortable strains of the Oxbow Orchestra were drawing to a close, in a small marquee outside of the Warehouse stage, led by some of the admittedly uncomfortably hippyish looking members of Gnod – including one who appeared to have survived the drug-induced brain aneurysm he suffered during their deranged yet brilliant set – a dozen or so punters, plus members of Teeth Of The Sea and Goat, spontaneously started using any surface and any implement (including beer cup on table and wooden canes on security rails) to create what you'd probably have to call a drum circle.
Loud, twitching, pulsating, cacophonous – it's hard to say exactly how long it lasted, but it sure drew a crowd; it forced home that sense that, unlike at many festivals, at Supersonic the performer/punter dynamic is of a whole other nature. I'm not going to give you some bollocks about how the punters are the festival – it'd be nothing without the bands and the people behind the scenes working themselves to early graves to give us lucky few such an experience, but there is a sense of community here in the neutral zone of the second city that is largely lacking in the real world. "You lot really don't know how lucky you are."
Toby Cook
Mutate To Survive
To me this year's Supersonic was to not just a celebration of the festival's tenth anniversary. Having attended five of the ten festivals, it has been a chance to understand just how much Supersonic has altered during that span of time. This year, the line up seemed to suggest that the festival was referring to itself more than anything else. Of the 42 groups and musicians listed in the 2012 programme, 15 had made at least one previous appearance at Supersonic. Identifying the returnees such as Dylan Carlson, Chris Corsano, PCM, and DJ Scotch Egg also brought about an awareness of just how much the Custard Factory complex itself has changed the nature of the festival as a spectacle.
As this year's event progressed, it also became an almost involuntary reaction to remember where else I had first seen them. Whilst being blasted by The Bug's ground-shaking Warehouse set on the Saturday night, I recalled catching the beginning of his set at the intimate and much-missed Medicine Bar stage on the opening night of the 2006 festival. Similarly, Jarboe's magnificent performance in the confines of the Old Library revived memories of her fiery duel with Esoteric on the Space 2 stage from 2009. The former was one of contorted elegance and restrained accompaniment, the latter a phosphorescent vision of power and violent energy. Some returnees seemed pleased to transfer their innate menace to new surroundings, like Drunk In Hell, whose enraged malevolence threatened to override their Old Library confines in 2011 but seemed to reside more comfortably on the Boxxed stage this year.
One musician who has proved himself the epitome of flexibility at Supersonic is Chris Corsano. His effortless improvisations as part of Flower/Corsano Duo in 2009 and 2012 are as vivid and all-embracing as his contribution (alongside Heather Leigh Murray) to the 2010 festival was divisive: Jailbreak's howling set on the Outside stage that year still ranks as one of the most notorious in Supersonic history. The Outside stage area, once the heartbeat of the entire festival, has now become a tranquil, almost noiseless refuge from the new layout of performance spaces.
The ever-changing nature of the festival means that whenever a venerated group or musician appears, they have as much to prove as anyone making their debut. Nowhere was this more apparent than in the form of the Zeni Geva. With the memory of their exultant set of 2010 still resounding in many observers' minds, the severity of the punishment meted out by KK Null and Tatsuya Yoshida more than overcame the absence of Mitsuru Tabata, forging a fresh gig-going experience into the annals of the festival. To imply that Supersonic 2012 was the best ever would imply that the festival has nowhere left to go or nothing else to improve upon. To have reached its second decade is precisely the challenge that Capsule is more than capable of meeting.
Kevin McCaighy
Time To Put Down The Bong And Take It Seriously?, tour a bit more and take a more contrived attitude towards PR, they could achieve a greater deal of relative success, and in fairness they probably should – why should I stifle their creativity by insisting they do something as mundane as to take it a bit more seriously?
If Supersonic proves only one thing it's that in 2012 it's still possible to put on a festival with absolutely no compromise whatsoever, and to a degree the likes of Hey Colossus and Drunk In Hell and tangible examples of that same attitude – the divine comedy, that knowing sense that it's all fucked and the biggest joke in life is life itself, so why not get up there and make as much fucking noise as possible; if people don't dig it, fuck ‘em. Except in the case of the south London outfit, people do dig it – Friday night's crowd was, by the band's own admission, possibly the largest they've ever played to, and it was probably as good as I've ever seen them play too. Brooding, thunderous, anarchic, cacophonous and occasionally, wilfully repellent. And yet at the same time utterly compelling and, I suppose, punk as fuck.
Toby Cook
The Fine Art Of Cake (And A Recipe For Cardamon-Cinnamon Crumb Loaf)
I'm pretty much convinced that, as well as hosting the most interesting bands of any music festival currently taking place in the UK, Supersonic also serves up the best cake. In fact, it's the only music event I've been to that takes the fine art of baking so seriously. I'm not sure if any other weekender even has its own tea room, let alone gives it equal billing with the band stages in the programme. Organisers Capsule make no secret of their love of cake either - at this year's event, they thanked their donors for their contributions by holding a tea party for them (you laugh, but chimps in bowler hats are fanatical about their doom metal). For someone like me, who loves baking and bogling in equal measure, it's an absolute joy.
The tea room (also a record shop and exhibition space of sorts) is the best place to spend a hungover Sunday afternoon. Hunched over a slice of lemon drizzle and a double-bagger brew, I observe my fellow festival goers enjoying a much-needed peaceful moment, lost in silent contemplation in the company of high-qual home baking. Tea and cake turns out to be a great social leveller. The young family thoughtfully picking at slices of vegan chocolate and cherry loaf are parked next to the tattooed rocker in a Sunn 0))) t-shirt merrily tucking into a doorstep-sized wedge of carrot cake. The room was like a scene from the Great British Bake Off with the bunting and purse-lipped WI matrons replaced by misguided piercings and patiently farmed facial hair.
This is now the fifth Supersonic I've attended where I've returned home with dented hearing, a head full of static and a new cake recipe. This cardamom cinnamon crumb loaf was one of the best things I ate at the festival, consumed after I soaked up Tim Hecker's set. I was so overcome by his beautiful, joyous noise that I wanted to up the high further through the judicious application of baked goods. Full of sugar and spice, this cake is much like Supersonic itself – a slice of sweetness spiked with something complicated, unexpected and wholly delicious.
Cardamom cinnamon crumb loaf (Makes one medium-sized loaf)
For the loaf cake
• 300g plain flour
• 1 tsp baking powder
• 2 tsp vanilla essence
• 200g unsalted butter
• 150g soft brown sugar
• 2 medium eggs
• 200ml single cream
For the cardamom-cinnamon crumb
• 75g butter
• 75g soft brown sugar
• 75g plain flour
• 2 tsp cinnamon
• The seeds from 6 cardamom pods, ground with a pestle and mortar
Make it!
- First, grease a medium sized loaf tin well, and heat your oven to gas mark 4/200 degrees C.
- Sift your plain flour and baking powder together in a medium-sized bowl. Add the brown sugar and combine well with a wooden spoon.
- Melt the butter in a small saucepan. Leave to cool for around five minutes, then add the eggs, vanilla essence and cream.
- Combine the wet ingredients with the flour and sugar mixture until a firm, sticky batter has been formed. If you find the batter to be a bit dry, add a touch more cream. Pour the batter into your loaf tin.
- Now, make your crumb topping. Place the butter, flour, sugar, cinnamon and cardamom in a bowl and combine well with your fingers until rough sticky ‘crumbs' have been formed. Layer these on top of the loaf cake batter.
- Bake the loaf cake at gas mark 4/200 degrees C for around 45 minutes-1 hour. The cake is done when the crumb has become browned and firm, and when a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clear.
- Serve with coffee and a side order of noise.
Christina McDermott
Nothing's Shocking
No-one wants to admit to being shocked by anything anymore. People are as keen as ever to be offended by bigotry or graphically violent imagery, in all art forms, but there will always be a knowing and jaded commentator on hand to point out that they're just doing it for effect or publicity or attention. A precedent for the outrage in question will invariably be cited, too. Why do you think GG Allin repeatedly claimed he was going to off himself live on stage (before actually dying of a heroin overdose in someone's house)? Well, because he was an idiot, but one astute enough to know it would be an untoppable – pun mostly unintended – act of audience confrontation. In lieu of anyone doing it since, and the deep trauma it would probably induce, musicians continue to try and fuck with the heads of people who are far too cool and aloof to let their heads be fucked with.
Some of these musicians are performing at Supersonic, which to an extent operates as a platform for this precise carry-on. Some of them were releasing records while GG Allin was still alive. Yet even though there were bands twenty years or more ago who were both legitimately challenging and legitimately successful, it seems unfeasible that a festival like this could have thrived in Britain back then. Supersonic's success has much to do with… not the mainstreaming of noise, exactly, but at least the removal of its ghettoisation. Indie kids and techno spods bugging out to Sunn 0))), kinda thing. Horrible music lends a hand to Supersonic, and Supersonic lends one right back, especially if you're Drunk In Hell, who were the best band I saw at the festival last year, and are the best band this year.
Drunk In Hell come from Middlesbrough, have never toured or released a record, and make music that feels like it's draining the fat from your body. Their presumed influences – Kilslug, Brainbombs, Drunks With Guns, Whitehouse – are nevertheless red herrings: there's no schlock here, no wilful ineptitude, nothing as self-regarding as a concept, just unceasing, uni-riffed storms of feedback, assault and pig-fuckery and Michael Bishop vocalising like he's exorcising. For a band who genuinely seem to have almost no interest in your patronage, DIH are treated as kings. A moshpit – perhaps the most cheerful and benign moshpit ever – starts during, I think, ‘Chick Flick'; ludicrously, a security guard climbs over the barrier to try and maintain order. Either she has no prior experience of live rock music, or feels that frivolity does a disservice to a band whose ability to flay you alive is perhaps unmatched in 2012.
They've only been doing this nonsense for four years, though. Oxbow have reached the age of 23. Considering that Eugene Robinson, the band's vocalist, envisioned the band's 1989 debut LP Fuckfest as a "suicide note", this probably deserves congratulations. At Supersonic, Oxbow are selling original vinyl copies of Fuckfest for £50; I bought mine for a pound in maybe 2000. In the UK at least, Oxbow's momentum started about a decade ago. People left their shows saying "what the hell did we just see?" to each other, later to people who weren't there, and so it builds. The hell they just saw was a punishing, yet musically deft and jazz-informed, noise-rock band fronted by a man who fondles himself on stage and drools when he sings (people always talk about the penis, but rarely the drool). If you know Oxbow, though, you know this: the inevitable result was that people would come to see the group expecting to glimpse a lob-on. If no-one's surprised, it's not quite as fun.
Which brings us to the Oxbow Orchestra, who headline the main stage on Sunday night. This is the songs of Oxbow sung by (naturally) Robinson and played by guitarist Niko Wenner and an actual, no-pissing-about orchestra, including members of ‘doom metal tuba' band Ore. Despite the extensive reworking their music has undergone, Robinson maintains his wounded howl; conceding to decorum while admitting, "I'm having a hard time keeping my pants on." This is certainly no light classical tinkle – the players, mostly prim and besuited, slash or huff at their given instrument as keenly as Wenner and the other Oxbovians do in the ‘normal' lineup.
Sometimes, you catch the flicker of a smile on an orchestra member when the frontman hugs the mic or sings (on ‘Bomb') of "a land… where SODOMY is a WAY OF LIFE!" They're probably not shocked, of course, nor is most of the audience, but it's a safe bet that they've seen very few live performances quite like this before. At this point in Oxbow's existence, that's likely more rewarding than causing sheltered matrons and indie feebs to recoil from a bout of onstage masturbation. Maybe if GG had kept it together, he'd have rounded up an orchestra too. Maybe Drunk In Hell still will.
Noel Gardner
All Things In Moderation
Speaking as someone who at one point during the weekend was caught dancing like Tyres in Spaced despite the fact that, at the time, no music was playing and the people with me were trying to have a serious conversation about someone getting a taxi, I'm perhaps not the ideal candidate to be preaching moderation; if an artist wants to swallow all of their drugs mere minutes before the start of their set then who am I to argue? It certainly seemed to work well enough for Gnod. No so much for one-time Jungle Brother cohort, and perhaps the most ironically monikered man in rap, Sensational though.
Undeniably Friday night's Small But Hard showcase in the Boxxed venue was a particular highlight in a festival full of them – in fact, if openers Devilman aren't your new favourite band then there's probably something wrong with you – but it was so very, very nearly ruined by a man who on this occasion was to rap what Oliver Reed was to chat shows; it's all about moderation motherfucker!
Whilst there's certainly humour to be had from seeing a man on stage so fucked up he couldn't rap his way out of a paper bag, there's tragedy too; there's only so many times you keep stopping the excellent, chest caving beats provided by label mates DJ Scotch Bonnet and Koyxeи with the proclamation that "yo, yo, I'm having trouble with my metaphors; y'all can't hear my metaphors" before it all becomes about as funny as that pissed guy you see at every party you've ever been to who's trying to light the wrong end of a cigarette. Out of some sort of heady concoction of wishful thinking and malice I stayed until about the point he became more concerned about getting one of the rapidly thinning crowd to go to the bar for him, by which time I'd have rather been dancing to the fucking traffic lights.
Toby Cook
My New Favourite Band Is Called DEVILMAN
We are literally spoiled for contenders for best band of the weekend. Hey Colossus are fucking amazing and dead exciting to watch. I can't be 100% sure without seeing a set list but I think they played '23 Going On 666', 'Poppers: A Warning From History', 'Tough On Saville, Tough On The Causes Of Saville', 'Steve Reich Listens To EyeHateGod's Dope Sick (And Begrudgingly Admits "It's Ok I Guess"', 'Mr Kirk's Night Nurse', ‘Sutcliffe Jug Band' and 'Brian Eno On Fire Off The Shoulder Of Orion'. It's good to see this unit go from strength to strength, aided in no small part by the addition of Tim from Part Chimp on drums, John from Notorious Hi-Fi Killers on guitar & clackers and what sounds suspiciously like rehearsals.
UFOmammut, the paganistic, goddess worshipping, Italian space rock trio run through all of their new, two-part, 90-minute long, one song epic ORO. Ciao bellissimo! (Or should that be bellissima?)
My Disco are so good I end up missing the start of my own after-show DJ set. They come on stage and deconstruct ‘Wrapped Coast'. Rohan Rebeiro sits behind his kit motionless as a programmed, Balearic, acid house beat plays on tape (this is essentially a live cover of Factory Floor's remix of this track). Liam Andrews stands behind a speaker glowering at his bass without touching it. Only Benjamin Andrews is in motion, back to the crowd, hunched over with head in a speaker cone, frantically thrashing atonal noise out of his guitar like he's running out of time. And it's sublime, like Joey Beltram versus Loop. This band are the equivalent to this generation's Fugazi. It pains me that barely anyone seems to have noticed.
I bug out to The Bug. Admittedly the set is very similar to the one they played at a pre-Notting Hill Carnival club set a few weeks earlier in London and that show was noticeably louder and punchier – to the extent that in the front row you could see people's nostrils pinching with the bass. However, that was played to a partisan audience of young, up for it, bass fan Herberts and Herbettes in leisure wear who had been partying solid for six hours. As good as it was, relatively speaking it must have been like shooting fish in a barrel compared to tonight. The Warehouse space tonight contains a much older, non-partisan crowd, but that makes Kevin Martin, Daddy Freddy and Flowdan work much harder to get the energy up. The real star of the show however is Israeli vocalist Miss Red, who may well be a diminutive figure in real life but, backlit by searing arc lights, her shadow projected onto dry ice like a Brocken spectre, she fills up the entire venue with her demonic/angelic raga vocal turn. By the end, even the black metal fans are losing their shit.
Gnod fry my fucking circuits and make me want to join a cult.
Rob Lowe as Lichens is ascending like a motherfucker. Each time you see him you think "it just can't get any better than this." And then each time it does.
But if there is one thing that nearly always happens at Supersonic, it's that I leave with a burning passion for a band that I've never heard before*. It was a bravura move putting on such an astoundingly good band as Devilman as the first act on the first day – it fills you full of righteous zeal and later makes you consider joining the Drunk In Hell mosh pit. The first act on the Small But Hard label showcase stage is at once savage but sensuous, synthetic but chaotic with a bracing sonic battery that draws from industrial dance, bass music, rave, hip hop beats, noise and heavy, heavy, heavy fucking dub.
The sheer, disdainful, caustic assault is reminiscent of Scorn's peerless swan song at last year's festival and it sets the bar inordinately high for the rest of the weekend. Just as you're thinking, "fuck, I can't believe how heavy this is", they play ‘Last Black Emperor', Taigen from Bo Ningen and some dude who looks like a cross between Beat Takeshi Kitano and Jason Statham in mirror shades come on stage to look threatening and shit gets Neo Tokyo real.
Check out their self-titled debut on Small But Hard at your nearest opportunity.
(*After the set I phone up Luke to tell him that I've already seen a brilliant new band. He says: "You clown. Can't you remember raving your head off to Devilman in 2010 last time we saw them at Supersonic when we were off our noggins?" You have to write stuff down when you get to my age, you really do.)
John Doran
Age Before Beauty
I hate getting older. But there are two ways for the perennial awkward squad to rage against the dying of the light: you can set your visage into a permanent Meldrew-esque scowl or stoically choose to ignore the whole aging process altogether. This latter path is not to be trodden lightly. Take the late Tory MP Alan Clark: in the last volumes of his diaries he wrote of his exploits jumping between the beds of three different women (none of whom was his wife) like some priapic ping-pong ball. It's not clever, and one assumes by the end of the whole process, it wasn't big, either.
Music is of course, like much of late 20th/early 21st century culture, permanently set on a mission to deny altogether the existence of time's arrow. Pop stars desperately hang on to their fading looks: 60s icons like Cher have been under the surgeon's knife so often that they now resemble discarded Thunderbird puppets rescued from a film lot fire. And even those who (more or less) let nature take its course physically, can find themselves as mutton dressed as lamb for decade after embarrassing decade like The Rolling Stones. For some music fans, unfortunately, this is absolutely fine – the equivalent of a musical comfort blanket, or perhaps a book of old photographs. But art doesn't – and shouldn't – stand still.
One way to stave off the problems of old age is to just keep moving forward, without care for those that you leave in your wake: an incredibly simple idea, but one which can mean commercial suicide for those brave enough to attempt it. And it's this approach which brings me, by a rather roundabout way, to last weekend's rather splendid Supersonic Festival. Supersonic can be difficult to get a handle on – and thus market, one assumes - due to its disregard for easy genre programming or musically-segregated stages. Instead, performers from a great many genres are free to come together into a seething, roaring mass to infect as many listeners as they can. And while there were a great many young bucks in the line-up, some of the weekend's best and most enduring sets were performed by people whose careers in music started as long as twenty to thirty years ago; some, even longer.
Here in abundance across the festival's three days was evidence of fearless pioneers and experimenters, heads down and throttles set for the white hot future. Merzbow, who wowed people on Saturday night with his canonical noise music has released countless – literally – albums since 1979. 1979. That's over thirty years ago. Similarly, Saturday had Sir Richard Bishop, once of Sun City Girls, playing both solo and as one-third of Rangda, a super group comprised of Bishop, Ben Chasny (Six Organs of Admittance) and Chris Corsano. Again, Sun City Girls released their first album in 1979. But again, it's not all just about staying power: Bishop's work with Rangda is some of his best yet, and Merzbow, while not always my cup of tea, just never fucking stops releasing albums that always seem to offer something new.
But the person at Supersonic that perhaps best exemplified the idea of growing old without either him or anyone else actually noticing was Kevin Martin. Listening to some of his set as The Bug early Sunday morning made me realise that, while his various outings as God, Techno Animal and Ice have little in common on the surface, he's always had an uncanny ability to interact with fringe musical genres either just before they blow up or as they become reconfigured in some new way. And now, with The Bug, he's not only experimenting with youthful hyper-charged dubstep, grime and industrial dancehall but he's throwing smart bomb acid house back into the mix. His refusal to ossify and his ability to use whatever tools are to hand to embrace his own musical vision is incredibly inspiring: there's nothing mature, per se, about The Bug's music, but the approach belies a confidence that cares not a jot for fashion or trends. The young, then, might just learn something from this kind of caper.
Dave McGonigleOpened 8 years ago
Closed 8 years ago
Last modified 8 years ago
#3359 closed (wontfix)
Add "Current server time" to the bottom of code.djangoproject.com
Description
It's completelly wishlist so feel absolutely free to close as wontfix ;)
For those living in other timezones than djangoproject.com it would be a bit usefull to have the server time printed at the bottom of the page in code.djangoproject.com, so we don't need to calculate it ourselves when looking at the "timeline" and tickets.
Again, it's just wish*whish*whishlist
Change History (3)
comment:1 Changed 8 years ago by mir@…
- Needs documentation unset
- Needs tests unset
- Patch needs improvement unset
- Triage Stage changed from Unreviewed to Design decision needed
comment:2 Changed 8 years ago by jacob
- Resolution set to wontfix
- Status changed from new to closed
I can't figure out how to make Trac do this, so I'm gonna mark wontfix.
comment:3 Changed 8 years ago by Marc Fargas <telenieko@…>
You could modify the template to atleast say "Server timezone is -0600" or something like that, it makes thing easier when you look at the Timeline :)
Just a wish ;)
+0 from me ;-)quote:Originally posted by bas
He found I dj'd and thought it was the coolest thing ever lol
Your mum probably thinks you're pretty cool too Bas.
Finland is about the most awesome thing ever....
quote:Originally posted by Joss Weatherby
Finland is about the most awesome thing ever....
Agreed, but not just for that
Not to mention the hot chicks from there too
quote:Originally posted by Halcyon+On+On
I had a decadent morning, pedi/manicure, spa, sauna, exfoliation, massage, sauna, spa and then got my hair trimmed and dyed. All shiny and clean now :3
Rocked up to my first day today at Merck for "orientation". Got a great vibe from the staff and new recruits straight away and my manager goes "Oh by the way, the National Sales Manager approved your 3.5 week holiday next month since it's all set in stone already and we'd rather work around it so everyone is happy than to make you cancel it". Best company ever!
quote:Originally posted by Sunsnail
that was great
hey, im playing some music live right now
So I might have an awesome job.
quote:Originally posted by Joss Weatherby
So I might have an awesome job.
Care to elaborate?
Can't say much due to an NDA but it involves awesomeness.
And its based out of Aussie land. Maybe I can come visit Stupert.
Privacy Statement / DMCAMandz
Sydney NSW Australia
Reviews: 2
Average Rating: 4.5
REVIEWS & RATINGS
2 reviews
Posted June 17, 2014
True to size
Love these sneakers, they are totally true to size, if you want to see the size conversion go on the Superga website. I am a size 8 US, a size 39 European, size 8 Australian and a size 6 UK. The only thing different about these sneakers is the UK size which says they are a size 5.5 UK. I find lots of brands have different size conversions but 99% of the time I am the above sizes so if you order your normal US size you should be ok. They are also very comfy to wear and have pretty good support for a casual canvas sneaker. Will definitely be buying some in other colours.
Sizing: True to Size / As Expected
report inappropriate content
Posted August 18, 2011
Great colour
I have 5 pairs of Ag Stilt jeans and I definately think these run about 1/2 small. I usually wear a size 29 in Ag's although I can sometimes wear a 28 if the denim is super stretchy but I found these to be at least 1/2 a size small because I almost could have worn a size 30. They are quite a stiff denim but I am sure they will stretch as after a couple of hours of wear they are already stretching. Otherwise they fit exactly the same as all other AG Stilt jeans. They are a really nice mid sort of blue wash with some wiskering down the front. In the picture they almost look like a grey but they are quite blue. I love the stilt because it is not too skinny and the ankle length makes them perfect to wear with boots, flats and heals - they are the perfect all round jean!
Sizing: Smaller than Expected
report inappropriate contentA woman was seriously injured in a motorcycle crash during a turn Thursday night, according to the Florida Highway Patrol.
The crash happened Thursday night on the eastbound exit to Alton Road from Julia Tuttle Causeway. The exit was closed at 6:30 p.m.
Police said the motorcyclist crashed into a tree.
The woman was taken in critical condition to Jackson Memorial Hospital's Ryder Trauma Center.
Troopers at the scene said she was riding a sports motorcycle. It is unknown if she was wearing a helmet.
The Alton Road exit was shut down as crews worked to investigate and clear the scene.
Watch Local 10 News and refresh Local10.com for updates on this story.Children's Literature - Phyllis Kennemer Basic facts about the life of Amelia Earhart and the era in which she lived (1897-1922) are presented in an easy-to-read format. Earhart's role in setting records in aviation and her willingness to travel into the unknown are emphasized. Quotations attributed to Earhart appear in speech bubbles entitled "In Her Own Words." Most of these focus on her belief that women can do and be anything they choose to be. Vocabulary words are presented in inset boxes as "Words to Know." Pages showing a perspective of the time period show a radio, a car, an unemployment line, and a board game. Photographs in both black and white and in color add interest and information to the brief text. Includes a table of contents, an illustrated word bank of six words and a glossary including four words. A Level 1: Starting to Read Book for beginning readers. A good introduction to biographies for young researchers. Part of the "Super Reader" series. Reviewer: Phyllis Kennemer, Ph.D.
OverviewBiography
Beijing will be Mark’s first Olympic Games. He is a freestyle sprinter who is co-holder of the New Zealand record over 50m freestyle and record holder of the 100m freestyle, both set at the Olympic Trials. He competed for New Zealand at the Oceania Championships in 2006 and last year competed in the FINA World Championships in Melbourne and the World University Games in Bangkok.Hilton Charlotte Center City OnlineWebsite - an email - Greg_Greenawalt@hilton.comAddress222 E. 3rd St.Charlotte, NC 28202PhonePrimary - (704) 377-1500Toll Free - (800) 445-8667 AAA four diamond hotel located in Charlotte’s center city directly across from the Charlotte Convention Center & attached by the Overstreet Mall to both Wachovia Corporation & Bank of America’s World Headquarters.The hotel features 24-hour room service, Wireless High speed internet service throughout the hotel and an extensive health club with an indoor pool and running track. Enjoy your favorite beverages & appetizers in Union Station Lounge & daily breakfast & lunch buffets in Union GrillWell, it’s not exactly Buffy or Twilight but it’s just as far-fetched, writes Charlotte Anne Walters.
I really want to like this story – it’s something a bit different and the title makes it sound very exciting but I just can’t warm to it. I think it’s because I don’t find the plot very believable. Would you really risk your own marriage and the love of your husband just to protect him from heartbreak over the realities of his eldest son? Would you really take the blame knowing that it might cost you your marriage and threaten the future of your own child? And if you feared that a quiver of arrows might be used to harm your child surely you would remove them, not leave them hanging on the wall? And is it fair to send a disabled young boy, despite his wrongdoings, away to sea for a year?
So many questions and not enough satisfactory answers for my liking I’m afraid. Which is a shame really as the general premise of the story is a good one. Mr Ferguson comes to see Holmes for help in clearing up a very unpleasant incident in his household. He had married a beautiful, spirited South American woman and had no doubt over her love and devotion for him. They had a baby together but he also had a son from a previous marriage who had a spinal condition. He had witnessed his wife beating this youth on two occasions and then found her crouched over the baby with blood around her mouth and a wound on the child’s neck. She fled to her bedroom and hadn’t seen him since.
Holmes managed to deduce from the weapons on the wall and a curiously disabled dog that a poisoned arrow had been shot into the child’s neck by the jealous eldest boy. The wife, who was anticipating such an attack, was trying to suck the poison out. She hid the truth from her husband as she didn’t want to break his heart over the son whom he loved so much.
Like I say at the start, there is so much about this that doesn’t quite hold true that it detracts from the story for me. However, it is still a good tale at its heart and I did enjoy re-reading it.
It is also the story in which Holmes says the line – ‘I never get your limits Watson. There are unexplored possibilities about you’, upon hearing of Watson’s earlier prowess on the rugby field. I have used this idea to great effect in my own novel and tried to explore some of those previously unexplored possibilities.
There is also another expression which seemed more like something my Nan would say rather than a wealthy gentleman, a bit like the ‘I’ll just put my slippers on’ line in The Blue Carbuncle. Mr Ferguson says – ‘And yet the kiddies have got to be protected.’ Kiddies? I can hear my mum’s voice in my head saying “Kids are baby goats not human children!” – her usual phrase of chastisement if I ever said ‘kid’ instead of child.
All in all a bit of a disappointing story but still gives the usual enjoyment of watching Holmes save the day. 6 out of 10.What is Diabetes?
Diabetes results when the pancreas is unable to produce adequate insulin or the body is unable to use the insulin effectively. Insulin is a hormone that carries glucose, (blood sugar) out of the blood into the cells where it is used for energy. If you are unable to produce adequate insulin or you are unable to use your insulin effectively, (insulin resistance); you will develop hyperglycemia or high blood sugar.
Diabetes is a chronic, long-term disease that can lead to:
- Heart disease
- Stroke
- Kidney Failure
- Blindness
- Loss of Limb
Are there different types of Diabetes?
Yes, people with Type 1 Diabetes require daily injections of insulin, (a hormone) to control their blood sugar. People with Type 1 Diabetes do not make sufficient insulin on their own. 5-10% of all people diagnosed with diabetes fall into this category.
People with Type 2 Diabetes may not make adequate insulin, but they usually have "insulin resistance", an inability to effectively utilize the insulin they are making. Type 2 diabetics can be managed through diet, exercise, and sometimes with the use of medication and insulin. Approximately 90-95% of all people diagnosed with diabetes fall into this category.
Can I have diabetes and not know it? Yes, for many people diabetes is a symptom-less disease. You may not know you have diabetes because not all people experience symptoms. Symptoms of high blood sugar are fatigue, increased thirst, increased urination, increased hunger, blurred vision, dry skin and nausea.
Who is at greatest risk for diabetes?
- People with a family history.
- People who are overweight, especially if they carry their weight in the stomach.
- All ethnic groups, including Native Americans, African Americans, Hispanic Americans and Asian Americans.
- Mothers who had large babies or gestational diabetes during pregnancy.
How can I find out if I have diabetes?
Go to your doctor and have your doctor test for diabetes. The tests for diabetes include:
- A Fasting blood glucose
- A Random blood glucose
- An Oral Glucose Tolerance Test
What is the treatment for Diabetes?
The treatment for Diabetes includes education. In order to manage your diabetes, you must test your blood sugars daily. Therefore, you need to learn how to use a blood sugar monitor. You may need to make some lifestyle changes, such as increasing your activity level and reducing food portions and carbohydrates. Some people with diabetes need to take medications and/or insulin.
Sarasota Memorial's Diabetes Treatment Services (DTS) provides comprehensive educational programs. Support groups are also available to those who have attended the outpatient diabetes programs. Ask your doctor to refer you to our program.
If you wish to learn more about DTS, please call us for an appointment.
Diabetes Treatment Services
Phone: 941-917-7468
Site optimized for Chrome or Firefox | Copyright © 2015. Sarasota Memorial Health Care System. All rights reserved.News Release
Service Extends Comment Periods for Gray and Mexican Wolf Proposals, Reschedules Public Hearings, Adds Hearing in Arizona
For Immediate Release
October 24, 2013
As a result of delays caused by the lapse in federal appropriations, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service today also are extended until December 17.
A formal notice of these hearings and the extension of the comment period will appear in the Federal Register on October 28.
To learn more about the proposed rules, view the draft Federal Register notice with.
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
Office of External Affairs
4401 N. Fairfax Drive, MS-330
Arlington, Virginia 20003
(703) 358-2220
(703) 358-1930 FAX
Contacts
Gavin Shire
(703) 358-2649
gavin_shire@fws.gov
The public is invited to a worship experience led by the Helmsmen Quartet at 8 a.m., 9:30 a.m., and 11 a.m. on Sunday, Jan. 22, at the First Church of God in LaGrange.
The Helmsmen, who have recorded 17 albums, will lead a worship using a variety of musical styles ranging from old time hymns to lively Southern Gospel songs. The concert is rich in professionalism but exalts Jesus Christ as Lord and Savior.
For more information, call the church at (260) 463-3700.. O'Neill's latest occurred in a recent interview with the Financial Times in which he questioned why the government should provide Social Security, Medicare or any other social insurance. "Able-bodied adults should save enough on a regular basis so that they can provide for their own retirement and, for that matter, health and medical needs," he said.
The Treasury secretary's candor goes a long way toward explaining why Bush's giant $1.3-trillion tax cut--most of whose benefits will go to multimillionaires like O'Neill--hasn't caused more worry in the White House about what will happen to Social Security and Medicare when the baby boomers retire and there's no money left to pay the bill. Bush Inc. assumes that boomers will just take care of themselves.
Seen in this light, the commission recently launched by George W. Bush to recommend ways to save Social Security (packed with people already committed to "privatizing" it) and the new White House move to overhaul Medicare with "market-based changes" are fig leafs for a long-term strategy to get rid of these social insurance schemes altogether.
O'Neill's candor is refreshing. It deserves more than a "gotcha" from Democrats looking for ways to scare elderly voters in the 2002 mid-term elections and the 2004 presidential contest. The Treasury secretary raises one of the most fundamental questions society faces: Why should there be any social insurance at all?
The idea for Social Security was dreamed up by Labor Secretary Frances Perkins and signed into law by Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1935. Unemployment insurance and welfare were parts of the original scheme. Medicare was President Johnson's doing, 30 years later.
The broad idea was easily understood by the generations that experienced the Depression, World War II, the Cold War and some deep recessions. Any family could find itself down on its luck through no fault of its own. Family savings could go down the drain if the economy turned really sour. Its breadwinner might lose his (almost always "his") job and have a hard time finding another. Or he might become disabled or die, leaving his wife and children destitute. An elderly person or couple might lose everything in an economic down draft and face their twilight years in grinding poverty.
A humane society, it was assumed, would pool some of its resources to guard against these personal misfortunes. Like any insurance system, citizens would be expected to pay small premiums. But unlike private insurance, everyone would be included regardless of the likelihood that they'd need to draw on the insurance pool. Rich and poor, healthy and sick, young workers and older workers--all would pitch in.
Treasury Secretary O'Neill would prefer going back to the days before social insurance, when individuals either had to save their own earnings against the possibility they'd need help down the line or buy their own private insurance. Presumably, if the responsibility rested entirely on their shoulders, they'd save more and take better precaution to avoid harm's way.
Some families, however, don't earn enough to allow them to save much of anything. And some harms--a catastrophic illness, a disabling accident, a factory closing, a stock-market plunge--can't be avoided.
Meanwhile, private insurers naturally will do everything they can to sign up clients at the lowest risk of needing them, while eschewing the high risks. After all, insurance companies and HMOs aren't charitable institutions--they need to show profits. And all are becoming more efficient at discriminating among potential consumers, weeding out the high risks and marketing to the low.
So without social insurance, people who are poorer or who face higher risk of having bad things happen to them won't be covered. People at the other end--richer and at lower risk--will efficiently pool their resources and get insurance at a much lower rate than if they had to bear the extra cost of insuring the poorer and the riskier.
It's coming to be like that all over the land. The richer, healthier, younger, well-educated and well-connected and their children are doing better and better. (They even got a big tax windfall just now.) And the gap between them and the bottom half of the nation widens.
It's not just an income and wealth gap. It's also a geographical gap--they live farther and farther apart. And a psychological gap--the better off don't even encounter the other half or understand them or empathize with the daily burdens and challenges they face.
The welfare "safety net" that was included in the Social Security Act of 1935 already is in shreds. Unemployment insurance reaches a far smaller percentage of people who lose their jobs than it did two decades ago. And now Social Security and Medicare are on the dock.
When Americans faced a common problem--the Depression, a hot war, a cold war--we understood intuitively that we were all in it together. Someone's misfortune could be anyone's: "There but for the grace of God go I." Social insurance was a natural impulse, a first cousin to patriotism. But that sense of commonality is waning as we drift into separate worlds of privilege and resignation.
Treasury Secretary O'Neill and the administration of which he is a part may see the future of American society better than we would like to admit to ourselves. But if that's the future, it won't be much of a society.
You may also like:
You need to be logged in to comment.
(If there's one thing we know about comment trolls, it's that they're lazy) - 26577-1 - Metauro Desk Lamp$217.80
Uttermost - 29499-1 - Adara Desk Lamp$257.40
Pablo Designs - Clamp Freestanding LED Desk Lamp$450.00
Dimond D1837 Antique Brass Hamilton Desk Lamp$106.00
Carpyen - CITY-CLAMP - City Clamp Desk Lamp$712.00
Holtkotter - Table Lamp$658.00
Holtkotter - Halogen Desk Lamp$638.00
Pablo Designs - Clamp LED Desk Lamp$370.00Bid McPhee
John Alexander McPhee was born on November 1, 1859 in Massena, New York. His father, John, was a Scotchman who earned his living as a saddlemaker. The boy was soon given the nickname “Bid.”
When he was seven, the family moved to Aledo, Illinois, and then to nearby Keithsburg, a small town on the banks of the Mississippi River. In Keithsburg, Bid began helping out in the kitchen of a hotel run by his uncle.
As a teenager, he befriended a boy named Parke Wilson, whose father operated the local dry goods store. Bid got a job working in the store, and played baseball with Parke, who was eight years younger. The two would ultimately face each other in the National League for seven seasons, after Parke became a catcher for the New York Giants.
Bid was also a catcher in those early years, a sure-handed receiver with fine speed on the basepaths. By the age of 16, he'd established himself as one of the best players in the Keithsburg area.
His ability soon caught the eye of the professionals, and in the summer of 1878, he was catching for the Davenport Brown Stockings, an Iowa club in the Northwestern League. In 39 games that season, the 18-year-old hit .333.
The following year, the Davenport captain asked Bid to play at second base on occasion, as well as in the outfield. He saw action in only 20 games, however, and his average dropped to .229.
In 1880, he took a steady, well-paid job as a clerk in a dry goods store in Denver. Though he participated in recreational baseball, he did not play professionally that year.
The owner of the minor-league team in Akron, Ohio, who remembered Bid's play with Davenport, signed him for the 1881 season by promising him the second-base job and a position as bookkeeper with an Akron lumber company.
Bid, now 21, played well as Akron's second baseman that year. After the season ended, he was contacted by a scout for the Cincinnati franchise of the American Association, a newly-formed league that planned to begin play in 1882, and hoped to compete with the National League.
Cincinnati had been the home of a National League team as recently as 1880. But by playing games on Sundays and selling beer at its ballpark, the club roused the antagonism of league president William Hulburt, an ardent prohibitionist who was trying to clean up the game. Cincinnati was well-known for its beer-brewing, and had a large German population that enjoyed drinking beer. When the team's officials refused to change their beer-and-Sunday ball policy, Hulburt, with the support of the other league owners, expelled the club from the National League.
Cincinnati then became a driving force in the formation of the American Association, which would also include teams in Philadelphia, St. Louis, Baltimore, Pittsburgh, and Louisville. The new circuit would compete for fans with the National League by offering a lower admission price of twenty-five cents, Sunday games, and the sale of liquor on the grounds. It became known as “The Beer and Whiskey League.”
Bid signed with the Cincinnati Red Stockings, and made his major-league debut on the season's opening day of May 2, 1882. Though his club lost to Pittsburgh, 10-9, the “Cincinnati Enquirer” the next day mentioned him as one of five Red Stockings who had played well in the field.
The American Association had begun its inaugural season with a rule requiring players to wear jerseys in colors specific to each position. Pitchers on every team were to wear sky-blue jerseys, while catchers wore deep red, first basemen had bright-red and white, and shortstops wore burgundy. As a second baseman, Bid took the field in a jersey with a pattern of two-inch wide orange-and-black stripes. The players referred to the uniforms as “clown suits”, until the experiment was ended.
When Bid broke in, pitchers had to throw underhand, at a distance of 45 feet from the plate, and seven balls were required for a batter to be awarded first base. He hit just .228 in 1882, the lowest average of any Cincinnati regular. But the Red Stockings won the American Association pennant, finishing 11 and one-half games ahead of the second-place Philadelphia Athletics, and Bid led the league in fielding percentage, double plays, and putouts.
That fall, Cincinnati agreed to play a two-game series against the Chicago White Stockings, champions of the National League. The games were played at the Bank Street Grounds, Cincinnati's home park.
The Chicago club, led by future Hall of Famer Cap Anson, was clearly the best team in baseball, while the American Association was often viewed as an inferior league. Anson felt confident enough to leave King Kelly, his star shortstop, at home to rest up for the White Stockings' forthcoming series against the National League's second-place Providence Grays.
The first game was played on October 6, with 2,700 fans in attendance. Teams commonly used only two starting pitchers, and Anson sent his second-best man to the mound. Cincinnati countered with Will White, the only 19th century player to wear glasses on the field, and the most intimidating pitcher in baseball. Hit batsmen were not given first base at the time, and with seven balls required for a walk, White often drilled hitters with pitches several times in one at-bat, to keep them from crowding the plate.
White pitched an outstanding game, shutting Chicago out. Bid drove in two runs with a triple, then scored on a wild pitch as Cincinnati won, 4-0. The following day, the “Cincinnati Enquirer” compared the Red Stockings' victory to the Spartans' defeat of Persia at Thermopylae.
Though White started the series' second game for Cincinnati, the White Stockings prevailed, 2-0. Overall, though, it had been a good first season for the American Association, and a split of the two games with the mighty Chicago club was a promising result.
In the next few years, Bid began to establish himself as the best second baseman in all of baseball. Like many players in his era, he played bare-handed in the field. He was graceful at second, and his speed gave him excellent range. He had quick, agile hands, and handled ground balls cleanly. He was particularly skilled at catching pop-ups. Infielders at the time rarely pursued pop flies hit behind them, to avoid collisions with outfielders, who played much shallower than they do today. Bid was one of the first to go after any ball within reach, and his outstanding career totals for chances and putouts testify to his ability.
Bid also had a strong, accurate arm that enabled him to play deep at second base. A smart player, with quick anticipation, he was adept at thwarting a double-steal by cutting in front of second base, catching the ball in his throwing hand and firing it to the catcher to nail the runner from third.
Off the field, Bid's teammates discovered he was the most well-mannered, articulate man among them. He was also a rarity among ballplayers of his time in that he didn't drink.
In his first few years with Cincinnati, Bid's hitting improved rapidly. In 1884, his third season in the major leagues, he hit .278, a full fifty points higher than his average as a rookie.
In that same 1884 season, Cincinnati shortened the team's name to the Reds, and baseball began to institute a number of important rule changes. For the first time, a batter hit by a pitch would be given first base, and National League pitchers were allowed to throw overhand. The American Association permitted overhand pitching in 1885, and in1886 it reduced the number of balls for a walk to six. That year, the league also abolished a rule requiring pitchers to throw the ball with both feet on the ground. Hurlers who liked to take a running start before throwing, or used a whirling, unorthodox delivery, were given greater freedom to do so.
Despite these changes, Bid's hitting continued to flourish. In 1886, he led the league with eight home runs, and exceeded his best season's totals with 23 doubles, 12 triples, 70 RBIs, and an average of .268. His power hitting was particularly impressive, given that he stood 5'8”, and weighed only 152 pounds. His sharp eye at the plate, an attribute he maintained throughout his career, allowed him to draw 59 walks, and he stole 40 bases. He became the Reds' lead-off hitter that season, and thrived in the position, scoring 139 runs, the second-highest total in the league.
Prior to the 1886 campaign, the National League and American Association club owners had drawn up a plan called the Limit Agreement, by which they pledged not to pay any player more than $2,000 per season. The owners soon began to break their own rule, however, exceeding the limit to keep their best players happy. Bid signed in February, 1887 to play for $2,000 that year. But attached to the official contract was a document written in longhand on the team's stationery, which stated that the Reds would pay him an additional $300, bringing his total salary for the season to $2,300. A small number of the best players, including King Kelly, collected more than twice their salary in under-the -table payments from their clubs.
To foster more hitting, the National League and the American Association adopted a rule before the 1887 season opened, requiring pitchers to keep their back foot on a line 55' 6” from the plate. They could also take only one step before releasing the ball, thus eliminating the running start that many of the toughest pitchers used. The number of balls for a walk was reduced to five, and the hitters were now given four strikes. To assist the running game, another rule limited the ways pitchers could deceive men on base.
Bid continued to play one outstanding season after another, excelling as the Reds' lead-off hitter with fine totals for stolen bases, walks, and runs scored. He also regularly led the league in the defensive categories of double plays, fielding percentage, putouts, assists, and total chances.
He became known throughout baseball as “King Bid”, and his wizardry in the field was all the more admirable because he continued to play bare-handed. Players generally wore gloves by 1890, but his view didn't change. He told a “Cincinnati Enquirer” reporter that year that he thought the use of gloves had gone a bit too far, claiming he had “never seen the necessity of wearing one”, and could not “hold a thrown ball if there is anything on my hands.” He toughened his hands by soaking them in salt water. “True, hot-hit balls do sting a little at the opening of the season,” he said, “but after you get used to it, there is no trouble on that score.”
Prior to the 1890 season, the Reds and the Brooklyn Bridegrooms moved from the American Association to the National League. Sadly for the Reds, who had not won a league pennant since Bid's rookie year in 1882, their misfortunes would continue.
In 1892, Cincinnati had a poor pitching staff, and the club was well out of the race in the season's final week. Before the last game, a stranger named Bumpus Jones walked into the Reds' clubhouse and announced that he could pitch better than anyone in baseball. Amused by Jones' claim, player-manager Charles Comiskey gave him a uniform and let him take the mound. Jones proceeded to throw a no-hitter against the Pittsburgh Pirates that day. He was invited to try out for the Reds the following spring, and made the club. But he was unable to summon his prowess of the previous year, and the Reds released him after five starts.
During spring training in 1896, an injured finger on Bid's left hand was slow to heal, so he began wearing a thinly-padded glove. He'd played bare-handed for 14 years in the big leagues, and was the last player in baseball to use a glove. He wore it throughout the 1896 season, and for the rest of his career. His fielding percentage of .982 that year set a major-league record that stood until 1925, by which time baseball equipment and field conditions had been enormously improved. Bid's achievement was remarkable, and greater still when one remembers he was 36 that season.
His hitting ability, too, remained sharp late in his career. In 1894, when he was 34, he attained his highest batting average of .313. He went on to hit .305 in 1896, and .301 in 1897.
Bid suffered an ankle injury during the 1897 season, and was sidelined for over two months. When the Cincinnati fans heard he might retire, they took up a collection for him. On August 14, 1897, they held Bid McPhee Day at the Reds' ballpark, and presented him with a check for $1,800.
In his final season, 1899, he played in 112 games for the Reds at the age of 39, and hit a respectable .279, the fourth-best average among the team's regulars. He retired in March, 1900, while in spring training with the club in New Orleans. In an open letter to the Reds' fans, he said he was leaving because “. . . my presence on the team would only handicap its chances.” The club, he said, had given him permission to stay as long as he wanted, a fitting tribute to a man who was most proud of the fact that he had never been fined or ejected from a game.
During 18 seasons and 2,172 games in the major leagues, Bid compiled a career average of .281, with 1,674 runs, 2,342 hits, 1,072 RBIs, and 542 stolen bases. He led the league in double plays 11 times; in fielding percentage nine times; in putouts eight times; and in assists and total chances six times. He still holds the career and single-season records for putouts by a second baseman.
He stayed in Cincinnati after retiring, and in 1901 he agreed to manage the Reds. The club had a difficult season, and in 1902, amid more inconsistent play and some chicanery involving the Reds' owner, Bid resigned on July 11.
For several years, he tended to his various business affairs in Cincinnati, and worked as a talent scout for the Reds. In 1909, he moved to the town of Ocean Beach in Southern California, where he remained in quiet retirement until his death in 1943.
In 2000, he was elected to the Hall of Fame by the Veterans Committee, along with Sparky Anderson and Negro Leagues player Norman “Turkey” Stearnes. Bid and Johnny Bench are the Hall's only two members to have played their entire careers in Cincinnati. Honoring Bid, one of baseball's unfailing gentlemen, his Hall of Fame plaque commemorates a man “known for his sober disposition and exemplary sportsmanship.”:
- Bid McPhee:17AM 04/02/15Nokia Lumia 525 Hands On
Nokia announced the Lumia 525 sometime back last month and basically, it was a Lumia 520 with a very slightly different design and 1 GB of RAM. The Lumia 525 is primarily for addressing the low RAM issue on Windows Phones. Phones with 512 MB of RAM, like the Lumia 520, were not allowed to download some apps and games from the Windows Phone Store because of them demanding more resources. This was partly solved with more optimizations from the developers’ side, but we still see a lot of new apps and games releasing with the limitation, so Nokia simply went the other way and updated the 520 with 1 GB of RAM, and that’s exactly the reason why 525 exists. It was revealed at an event in Goa today that the Lumia 525 will be arriving to India during the first week of January 2014. The Lumia 520 is already the best selling Windows Phone in India and we hope the 525 directly replaces it. That said, we went hands on with the Lumia 525 at the Annual Strategy Sharing Summit in Goa, you can find our impressions below.
As we mentioned earlier, the Lumia 525 is basically a 520 with upgraded RAM and a new build. The phone is now glossier than before and comes in Bright Orange, Yellow, White and Black. Here, the black alone is matte. We had a red version to play with at the event, and this is how the back looks -
You can notice that it is a bit glossier than before, but it is not completely glossy plastic, because the texture is just matte and smooth. Literally everything is the same in terms of design except for the more curvier back. From the above picture, you can see how it is less sharp on the corner and more blunt, with it proving to be a better fit in the hands.
The display is the same 4 inch WVGA IPS LCD screen that was on the Lumia 520, but it does seem a tad brighter than before. We didn’t have a 520 to test side by side, but we think it is indeed slightly brighter.
Like we repeatedly mentioned, the most important change to the Lumia 525 is its 1 GB of RAM, which brings it on par to the Lumia 820 or the 920, except for the processing power. It is based off the same Snapdragon S4 Plus chipset with a dual core 1 GHz processor MSM8227 and the Adreno 305 GPU. The GPU is actually really good for gaming though, only the RAM was a bottleneck before, and now it is not. So, for people wanting to enjoy all the games with the same familiar form factor and features of the 520, the 525 will be a great option.
The Lumia 525 runs on the latest Windows Phone 8 GDR3 software update with Nokia’s own Lumia Black firmware. It will come with the Nokia Camera app pre-installed as it is now available for all the Lumia phones.
But unfortunately, little else has changed, and the device is practically a small upgrade rather than a successor, which we had initially believed so. There is no front facing camera, nor there is a LED flash for the camera, but hopes are not lost because MWC is just around the corner and we expect to see a true upgrade and a successor to the Lumia 520, which has been the worldwide Windows Phone best seller. The Lumia 525 is expected to launch to retail in India in the first week of January 2014.
RACO.
RACO Wireless has also teamed up with Everything Everywhere (London, England), the company that runs T-Mobile and Orange, to provide customers with access to its network for international operations. According to RACO, this partnership allows for a “one-stop shop” for connectivity in the U.S., U.K. and European markets.
The remaining partnerships include two telematics companies, Teletrac Inc (Garden Grove, Calif., U.S.A.) and Geotab (Oakville, Ontario). Through these partnerships, RACO Wireless will support M2M connectivity and SIM management for both companies’ fleet and vehicle tracking services.
Other announcements RACO Wireless made at the CTIA Enterprise and Applications show include RACO Wireless providing the M2M backbone for companies VehSmart and Securus (Dallas, Texas, U.S.A.).
VehSmart, a telematics company, provides GPS-enabled telematics throughout the automotive industry, as well as personal devices for consumers. VehSmart systems include two-way communication of location, driving status, auto systems, and safety and security information.
With Securus, RACO is providing the backbone for eCare+Voice, a medical alert communication locator. This product is designed to assist seniors by allowing emergency communication in the event that something happens and no one is around to assist them.Cite
Bibliographic details for "Sangahyando"
- Page name: Sangahyando
- Author: Tolkien Gateway contributors
- Publisher: Tolkien Gateway
- Date of last revision: 18 January 2012 21:40 UTC
- Date retrieved: 22 May 2015 10:06 UTC
- Permanent link:
- Page Version ID: 184438
Citation styles for "Sangahyando"
APA style
Sangahyando. (2012, January 18). In Tolkien Gateway. Retrieved 10:06, May 22, 2015, from
MLA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. "Sangahyando." Tolkien Gateway. Tolkien Gateway, 18 Jan. 2012. Web. 22 May. 2015.
MHRA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors, 'Sangahyando', Tolkien Gateway, 18 January 2012, 21:40 UTC, <> [accessed 22 May 2015]
Chicago style
Tolkien Gateway contributors, "Sangahyando," Tolkien Gateway, (accessed May 22, 2015).
CBE/CSE style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. Sangahyando [Internet]. Tolkien Gateway; 2012 Jan 18, 21:40 UTC [cited 2015 May 22]. Available from:.
Bluebook style
Sangahyando, (last visited May 22, 2015).
Bluebook: Harvard JOLT style
Tolkien Gateway, Sangahyando, (optional description here) (as of May 22, 2015, 10:06 GMT).
AMA style
Tolkien Gateway contributors. Sangahyando. Tolkien Gateway. January 18, 2012, 21:40 UTC. Available at:. Accessed May 22, 2015.
BibTeX entry
@misc{ wiki:xxx, author = "Tolkien Gateway", title = "Sangahyando ----May-2015]" }
Talk pages
- Markup
- [[Sangahyando]] ([ this version])
- Result
- Sangahyando (this version)SAN FRANCISCO -- Box is teaming up with Motorola Mobliity to get its app preloaded on Motorola's Android tablet, the Xoom.
See also: Box CEO: We're building the smarter enterprise Marc Andreessen: Future of enterprise software reflects consumer tech
The Honeycomb-based slate rolled out earlier this year, but it's not the first tablet or device to come preloaded with the Box cloud app.
Box already has a close relationship with HP as the Box app was one of the first (and only) available apps on the HP TouchPad, which included 50GB of free lifetime storage.
Kathy Chou, vice president of strategy and operations at Hewlett-Packard, also announced at the BoxWorks 2011 keynote on Tuesday morning that HP business PCs will soon start shipping with Box apps pre-loaded on shipments starting with SMBs in North America, and there are plans to expand globally.
But the mobile route really fits with Box's strategy more. Box's cloud structure is ideal for enterprises and consumers who want cloud storage for remaining productive from anywhere, even if it's just by hitting a few taps on a touchscreen.
Box also announced several other partnerships during the keynote, including with VMware, Ping Security and integration for Salesforce Chatter.
Jason Ruger, senior director of IT strategy and security, posited that the consumerization of IT and the 4G connection speed of the Motorola Xoom is what makes Box.com an ideal app on the tablet.
"If they can't get access to the data on their laptop, they're not as productive as they could be," Ruger said.
The app will roll out with Motorola Xoom units globally, providing access to all of a user's content via secure sharing from anywhere.
As a bonus, pulling a page from the book of Oprah Winfrey as both Ruger and Box CEO and co-founder Aaron Levie joked about being from Chicago, all BoxWorks attendees will be getting a Motorola Xoom unit to test out the preloaded Box app.
Join the discussion
Conversation powered by LivefyreThe bloggess, It’s been a rough week but if you’re reading this it means you’re still alive. or that you have very good internet reception in the afterlife.. Jenny mccarthy - imdb, Jenny mccarthy was born in evergreen park, illinois, a chicago suburb, the second oldest daughter of linda (loheit), a courtroom custodian, and daniel mccarthy, a. Everyday holiday, At the very last boardwalk stand they've got funnel cakes and fried oreos, pictured above is the latter. i swear, what a strategically placed business..
Robin wright - imdb, Robin wright, actress: princess bride. robin virginia wright born dallas, texas, gayle (gaston), national director mary kay, freddie gayle. Jenny steffens hobick, Entertaining expert, jenny steffens hobick, brings blog website devoted glories entertaining, recipes, weddings everyday occasions.. Sublime stitching - sublime stitching, The original source alternative embroidery - 2001.[NAIROBI] An international agricultural research programme has unveiled plans to collaborate with the African Union to drive agricultural research and boost productivity on the continent.
SPEED READ
- Partnership launched to promote science-based agricultural transformations
- Research will focus on Africa's most pressing agricultural challenges
- Experts fear partnership could undermine other African networking frameworks
The collaboration will support the efforts of African research institutes at the country, sub-regional and continental level to realise science-based agricultural transformations and advance science and technology agendas, says Piers Bocock, director of knowledge management and communications at the CGIAR Consortium.
"In addition to developing capacity and sharing knowledge, the memorandum will facilitate the sharing of existing scientific and technological breakthroughs," Bocock tells SciDev.Net.
The CGIAR Consortium is a global partnership that brings together 15 of the world's leading agriculture research centres and that also leads 16 comprehensive global agricultural research programmes addressing food security.
The consortium will work to improve its coordination with governmental agricultural strategies and the AUC's Comprehensive Africa Agriculture Development Programme (CAADP), which aims to boost African agriculture by addressing policy and capacity issues in the sector.
"By understanding the priorities of African governments, we can ensure that our research is focused on the most pressing agricultural challenges in Africa," Bocock says.
Abebe Haile Gabriel, the AUC's director of rural economy and agriculture, says the memorandum "calls for joint actions to guide the implementation of programmes and support activities for the CAADP," while noting that the agreement does not include any financial exchange.
But collaborations such as this also raise a number of potentially challenging issues, says Maurice Bolo, director of the Scinnovent Centre, a Nairobi-based research and training organisation focused on science and innovation.
Bolo is keen to know, for example, how the partnership plans to tap into existing regional centres of excellence that were created under the New Partnership for Africa’s Development's (NEPAD) Consolidated Plan of Action (CPA) on Africa’s Science and Technology
"This cooperation may further undermine intra-African networking or cooperation, which is already suffering, and there is little attention given to programmatic synergies with other continental initiatives, such as the CPA," he says.
Bolo adds that there is very little collaboration between scientists in different African countries, and that this does not augur well for attempts aimed at increasing such collaboration.
He also expresses concern that the new memorandum does not focus sufficiently on agricultural innovation, a deficiency that he feels is common across the continent.
"Research and development products have stagnated in laboratories, whether at the CGIAR or African research institutes, and any new collaboration should give attention to moving these products into use or commercialisation," Bolo says.
This article has been produced by SciDev.Net's Sub-Saharan Africa desk.Founder .
Founding Partner at @i/o ventures , @Golden Gate Ventures , & @Savannah Fund . Previously CEO of @Lefora, @Meetro & paragon5
MD at SHV, Early WebLogic eng, EIR at Accel & Benchmark, Founder of @Gauntlet Systems (acq), Chief Technologist at @Yahoo, Founder of @Bagcheck (@Twitter acq).
VC at Arena Ventures; former angel 100+ deals (Angellist, WIsh, Lyft, Twitter, Postmates). Drove into Iraq alone in 2003 to start first company. US Marine Corps)
I am an angel investor in over 60 startups, including Uber.com (first round). I have a $10m angel fund and host the largest startup conference in the world..
VP @PCH Access , Previously Program Director @Media Camp , Sr. Director @Turner Broadcasting System , @Apple (17 years, Sr. Director), Pilot.
Founded Baseline in 2006. 60+ investments since inception and have helped more than 30 founders sell their companies with great success.
Rethinking how startup funding works @Maiden Lane Ventures. Venture partner @FKA. Founded and killed Social Swipe.
I make things happen. Need to close partner deals? Need a COO or other CXO? Need to build a sales team for your startup? I've done it + much more. #Growth
Google Access PM; formerly at @Facebook, Founded: @Drone.VC, @Ohana, @PBworks, @Hacker Dojo, @Mexican VC, and more. Award-winning startup advisor. Coder.
Co-Founder of @Invite Media
Investing in breakaway growth companies in technology. Angel investor. Founder of @Alpha ()
Entrepreneur + a little advising/investing. Founded @Circle of Moms, @teamrankings-1. First data scientist at both @LinkedIn and @PayPal.
General Partner at @Cross Link Capital. Founder of @alpha () 20+ companies.
Early-stage startups at @True Ventures.
Founding Partner at 500 Startups. Ex-Googler & ex-YouTuber. Left-handed. Ballet dancer of ~25 yrs. Go Bears.[caption id="attachment_71763" align="aligncenter" width="560" caption="Photo courtesy of St. John"]
[/caption]
Irvine-based St. John is being put up for sale by Vestar Capital Partners, according to several reports. Vestar, which holds the majority stake in St. John, has tapped Rothschild Group, a global financial advisory firm, to look for a buyer. Vestar bought St. John for $522 million in 1999 and took the company private. Annual revenues for the company are around $400 million, according to reports.
Vestar and St. John decline to comment on the reports, said Carol Makovich, spokeswoman for Vestar.
In February, St. John co-founder Robert E. Gray died, at 86. He was CEO until his retirement in 2002, after which his daughter, Kelly Gray succeeded him.
The company is marking its 50th anniversary this year.
St. John clothing is carried at high-end department stores such as Nordstrom, Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus. The company operates about 43 signature boutiques and outlets nationwide, including one store at South Coast Plaza.
Prior to being bought by Vestar, St. John was owned by Escada and became a publicly-traded company. Marie Gray, co-founder and wife of the late Robert E. Gray, owns the minority stake and remains on board as a consultant. For many years, the Grays' daughter, Kelly, was the face of St. John ads before the company went the celebrity and supermodel route: Gisele Bundchen in 2005, Angelina Jolie from 2006 to 2009, Karen Elson from 2010 to 2011, and Kate Winslet since last fall. The company's name was shortened from St. John Knits several years ago.
Follow OC Retail blog on Facebook to get other retail news and events.
More O.C. retail stories:
- Cars Land stores at Disney California Adventure
- Lego store shows off its remodel at Downtown Disney
- St. John put up for sale by Vestar
- Preppy catalog features Newport Beach
- Victoria's Secret model and Angels pitcher at PINK
- Haven't been to SoCo? It's time to visit
- GameStop now offering Steam Wallet codes
- Incipio buys Tavik
- Preview of new O.C. Home Depot Superstore
- Sports Authority opens O.C. store
- 2 Victoria's Secret PINK stores to open in O.C.
- Nordstrom Rack opens at Outlets at Orange
- Monique Lhuillier goes accessible at Saks
- Hobby Lobby to open first ever O.C. store.
Engagement Session with Dr David Moltow
Student Engagement Sessions
Psychology of Mathematics Education (PME39) Conference
Mathematics Education: Climbing Mountains, Building Bridges
Discover the world-class institution that is the University of Tasmania
Come along to the University of Tasmania Open Day
Connect with us
Stephanie-Heathcote
Bachelor of Education
(Early Childhood)
It was a wonderful surprise to win the Young Teacher of the Year award. It was such a compliment to have...
Brendon Bolton
Bachelor of Human Movement
The ‘real learning opportunities’ we had within our course to apply and experiment with various teaching strategies was valuable....You Are Here > CFB Home > Players > John Scully
News: s-r blog:Surf Sports Reference Faster – Buy Ad-Free Access on all sites
School: Notre Dame
Position: ??
Consensus All-American: 1980
Draft: 4th round, 109th overall of the 1981 NFL draft by the Atlanta Falcons
Awards and Honors
1980 Consensus All-America:
Logan Branjord
on March 01, 2012 :
Thanks for the read. I didn't feel any sort of mystery or tension until the final few paragraphs though. A little slow moving for a short piece like this.
(review of free book)
Review by:
MB Crandell
on Feb. 22, 2012 :
Great story with an ending I wasn't expecting! Thank you for that. I'm going to add you to my list of favorite authors. I really like your work.
(review of free book)
Review by:
GlennAndSasha Gabriel!
(review of free book)
Review by:
Miriam Gaudin
on Jan. 14, 2012 :
(no rating)
Good Book!
(review of free book).
Forum preview. In this version, you can get the new color materials in old savegames. You don't need previous versions to run this preview. This version is fully compatible with old savegames. OLD VERSION, NEW DOWNLOAD HERE:
You don't need previous versions to run this preview. This version is fully compatible with old savegames.
(May 11, 2012)
Great game! Graphic is excellent, all sounds is good and the gameplay is epic!! Tanks a lot! :DMcDonald's Happy Meal heroin: Drugs found with child's food in Pittsburgh
A McDonald's employee in Pittsburgh was arrested Wednesday after undercover police officers said they discovered her selling heroin in Happy Meal boxes, according to a criminal complaint.
Shantia Dennis is accused of selling heroin with Happy Meals at a Pittsburgh McDonald's.
.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2014 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.Anyone find a good arm band for the Bionic?
Discussion in 'Droid Bionic Accessories' started by showtime2k, Sep 20, 2011.
Page 2 of 3
Page 2 of 3
- Similar Threads
- Replies:
- 30
- Views:
- 13,554
- Replies:
- 11
- Views:
- 8,294
- Replies:
- 4
- Views:
- 872
- Replies:
- 3
- Views:
- 2,273
XenPorta 2 PRO © Jason Axelrod from 8WAYRUN.COM
Search tags for this pageYou might choose to study the market for the type of home you are seeking and in the price range you are searching for rather than look at a broad picture. As to the second half of your questionâ€¦ a lot of what drives our market is supply and demand. Interest rates are still very low â€“ at 6.0-6.5 percent the range is some of the best cost of money weâ€™ve ever seen. The economy here is relatively good. Money for buyers is available (they just need to do what they always did before, qualify for the loan). We have not had an explosion of subdivisionsâ€”yes, weâ€™ve had growth, but not uncontrolled as in other markets. We also had high rates of appreciation, but not out of control. nor do we see a huge number of short sales and foreclosures as Corvallis didnâ€™t experience the high numbers of sub-prime loans found in other areas. We are a desirable destination for everyone from young families to retirees.
Recent reports indicate that there is some relief in the hardest hit markets. When those markets absorb the excess inventory and come into balance it will help to loosen up the rest of the country. Most real estate professionals in Corvallis do not expect a prolonged correction in our market. As long as interest rates remain reasonable and employment is relatively stable, the Corvallis housing market will continue to be stable and/or improve. So, no significant reduction in prices is expected.
Lana gave you a great answer. What I will add is that this is a great time to buy. Prices are very low now. While we may see some additional decreases I would anticipate things will get better and in 5 years I believe as do many economists that we will be back at a plus 30% from where we are now.
Corvallis is a great town. It has been a tight market in the past and those days will return as there are not that many new projects going in there. Your biggest risk is interest rates. A 1% increase in interest rates will cost you $100,000 dollars on the price of a home. Therefore I would say shop hard, make a good buy for this market, move in and get your homeownership going. Stay 5 years and the tax and investment benefits will outweigh the other issues.
Don't worry. Jump in and buy!
Good luck!
Regards;
Dirk Knudsen
#1 Rated Re\Max team in Oregon
Re\Max Hall of FameThe lights are on
Bound by Flame has been on my radar for the last year. I have been eagerly waiting while paying close attention for new information in every press release. Now, the time has finally arrived and Bound by Flame is out and I couldn’t have been more excited to get the chance to review it.
Fantasy role-playing games are one of the most common genres on the market today, probably only behind the likes of first-person shooters. So, with new fantasy RPGs coming out all the time, you could easily feel like you are drowning while trying to play them all. That has been the case for me over the past few years. Games like Skyrim, Dragon Age II, Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning, Dark Souls II, and The Witcher II: Assassins of Kings are all great games in their own right, but they didn’t grab me the way I hoped that they would. The only one on that list that did was Kingdoms of Amalur and it only did because it had the most fun combat system I have ever played in an RPG. Because of the bad taste left in my mouth by these HUGE blockbuster games, I was skeptical about the possibility of Bound by Flame changing my mind. Sure, the screenshots and trailers looked pretty cool, but how many times have we been burned by previews like that? The only glimmer of hope I have been holding on to was that Bound by Flame is developed by Spiders, a small French video game development studio known for games like Of Orcs and Men and Mars: War Logs. Maybe a small team could develop the perfect fantasy RPG that I have been waiting for.
The story in Bound by Flame has a Game of Thrones feel to it, but not in the sense that there is a war between five kings. Instead you should think about the “White Walkers”. For those of you who are not familiar with Game of Thrones, the “White Walkers” are a race of mythical humanoid creatures that possess magical powers, look akin to zombies, and have a history of waging war on mankind. The Bound by Flame counterpart to the “White Walkers” are the Deadwalkers: an army of rotting, deformed, and downright disgusting zombie-like creatures. The Deadwalkers were summoned over 150 years ago by the Lords of Ice, who are hell-bent on conquering the world of Vertiel. The Lords of Ice are a circle of mysterious immortal necromancers who have been successfully leading their legions of undead in the extermination of all other known races.
Killin’ some Deadwalkers…
The world of Vertiel was once bountifully populated by humans, elves, dwarves, and the like; however by the time you begin your quest, most of the sentient lifeforms have been wiped off the map and unwillingly joined the Deadwalker army. You play as Vulcan, an upstart human mercenary with a bad attitude and a lot of sass. Vulcan belongs to a faction of respected human mercenaries called the Pure-Blades, who are tasked with protecting what’s left of the Red Scholars–an ancient Order of mages who are considered to be the last chance of stopping the impending apocalypse brought on by the vicious bloodlust of the Lords of Ice.
While protecting the Red Scholars during a ritual intended to stop the Lords of Ice, all hell breaks loose. Vulcan accidentally ends up on the wrong side of a Demon summoning spell and becomes possessed. The Demon inside Vulcan is trapped, and has no choice but to help our hero if he chooses to accept it. As the fight against the Lords of Ice and the Deadwalkers progress, Vulcan is constantly tormented by the Demon, tempting him to give up his humanity in order to gain unheard-of levels of magical powers.
Ooohhhh nooooo!
I was overwhelmingly obsessed with finding out every little detail about the history of the world and the war with the Undead. Spiders did a fantastic job at establishing both compelling lore and an awesome story. I found myself talking to every single character, while making sure to investigate all dialogue options so as not to miss any of the story. Most of the story is told through these dialogue investigations, so if you decide to skip them you will surely miss out. I wanted to know who the Lords of Ice were, why they were waging war on the entire planet, and who the hell the Demon was that possessed Vulcan.
Bound by Flame has an excellent fantasy story; but that being said, I fear that many players may not enjoy spending as much time diving deep into conversations as I did. By no means is the story told solely through NPC interaction though; you will get the overall picture just by playing and only talking to NPCs necessary for each main quest. However, there is no way you will enjoy just how rich the story can be by doing this.
So many options..
When comparing Bound by Flame’s story to the story of Skyrim, there are obvious similarities in story progression and themes. However, the aspect that sets Bound by Flame apart from Skyrim (and the myriad of other fantasy RPG clones) is that Bound by Flame does.
Bound by Flame is exactly what I have been looking for. Sure, there are sidequests in every camp you enter, but there are a very limited number of them. Further, most of these are somehow tied to your party members or even to the overarching main storyline. I was able to complete both the main questline and the majority of the sidequests available in just over 25 hours. Even if you take your time and attempt to do everything, you will still only clock in about 30-35 hours. This is the perfect formula for a great fantasy RPG and I commend Spiders for hitting nail on the head.
For a game that has been flying under the radar by most of the gaming world, Bound by Flame looks absolutely gorgeous. Many developers these days take the easy way out and use the same color palette throughout the entirety of their game. Spiders did not abide by these rules and instead built a world made up of incredibly diverse environments. Each of these environments were beautiful and used different colors to show off their differences. Even the dreary environments like swamps were and caverns were alluring if you take the time to inspect the detail.
However, when comparing Bound by Flame’s delightful art style and color palette to that of other games in the genre, it doesn’t quite compare the the photorealism that many of these games have achieved in recent years. With that said, it doesn’t take away anything from the game as Spiders studio created an awesome visual style of their own.
The voice talent in Bound by Flame is headlined by the established and excellent Robin Atkin Downes as Vulcan. Downes plays the part to perfection and makes it easy for players to connect with Vulcan and really feel involved in the story. The entire cast followed Downes amazing lead, making each character interaction that much more enjoyable. The only downside to these interactions is that there is almost no lip syncing in the game. If you pay close attention, you will notice that characters mouths will just freely move as they speak and will not look realistic in the least. The lack of lip syncing was not detrimental to the overall experience for me because I read the subtitles as characters talk instead of watching their faces; but it is obvious that it will be an issue for some players.
Speaking of the audio performance in Bound by Flame, I would be remiss to not talk about the soundtrack. You know a soundtrack has done its job when it delivers tension and emotion at just the right moments. That is exactly what composer Olivier Derivière (known for his work on Assassin’s Creed and Remember Me) was able to do with this soundtrack. As catchy as most of Bound by Flame’s songs are, you will quickly notice that there aren’t a whole lot of them. You will spend a lot of time in each environment so by the time you have completed each section of the game, you have probably heard the same songs played repeatedly for hours. The collection of songs you will experience really are superb at establishing the perfect mood for each environment and aspect of the story; I just wished that there was a larger variety of them when it was all said and done.
The question that everyone has been asking when inquiring aboutBound by Flame has been “What is the combat system like?” To put it simply, I would describe it as being fun, strategic, and a little difficult if you are not paying close attention to what you are doing. Bound by Flame.
Die!
Strategically using your assortment of combat abilities and weapons is the most vital aspect of winning against even the most mundane battles with mobs of weak Deadwalkers and beasts roaming the land. You can freely choose between a sword, axe, hammer, daggers, a crossbow, explosive traps, and fire magic to help you get the upper hand on enemies. Bound by Flame is packed full of different mob level enemies that all have different attack patterns and special abilities. As you progress, you will have to learn their patterns and what weapons are most useful against them or accept your inevitable fate as becoming one of the undead.
The strategy required to defeat the many different beasts and Deadwalkers increases tenfold when you encounter a boss fight. Spiders did a great job when designing their terrifying set of bosses. Each major boss fight was incredibly unique when compared to the previous boss you encountered. Not only are each of them horrifyingly creepy looking, but they also all have different combat styles as well. If you are anything like me, you will find yourself dying often each time you encounter a boss until you can finally develop a well-oiled strategy. Often the most rewarding part of defeating a boss was the feeling of satisfaction from working out the perfect strategy.
Oh my..
Based on how I described the combat system, you may think that it will be really hard, but that really isn’t the case. I have never been a fan of hard games, and Bound by Flame never felt like it was approaching that territory. I always felt like I was just one second or one move away from figuring out how to kill each enemy or boss. This caused me to immediately jump back in and try a different strategy until I could finally work it out.
Armor and weapon customization will often determine whether you live or die in any given skirmish. Bound by Flame has an incredibly deep loot system which lets you use just about any item you find to upgrade your equipment. These upgrades will not only add statistic boosts like attack power or physical resistance, but they will also completely change the way that specific piece of equipment looks. Needless to say, it was awesome to see Vulcan go from having raggedy amor in the beginning to looking like he could rule the world by the end. Aside from the huge variety of cosmetic differences in weapons and armor, you will want to pay close attention to each statistic you are upgrading because some will prove to be your best weapon against certain enemies, while others will be your Achilles’ Heel.
The leveling system and skill trees are very straight forward and include no real surprises or innovation when compared to other RPGs. Vulcan gains experience and levels up by defeating enemies. After leveling up, you can choose to put skill points in any of the three available skill trees: a heavy weapon warrior skill tree, a dagger and crossbow ranger skill tree, and the Demon’s fire magic skill tree. On top of that, you will also have the ability to use an additional skill point on a passive skill that can improve things like how often you find ingredients or how much items will cost at a merchant. Nothing really crazy stood out about the leveling or skill trees, but it was well done all the same.
Skillz for dayz
The Verdict: 9 out of 10
Bound by Flame is a breath of fresh air in an otherwise crowded genre. Spiders has achieved what many developers fail to ever do: creating a beautiful world with an incredibly deep/interesting history while also including a rock solid fun combat system. Even though you can complete the main story and most of the sidequests in about 30 hours, many players will find themselves diving right back into the game to try and achieve the other two endings. Bound by Flame was everything I wanted it to be and then some. Spiders did an absolutely fantastic job and I hope that gamers will realize this so that we might see a sequel in the near future. How do I sum up the entire game in just three words? “Go buy it.”
Courtney Osborn is MONG’s Founder and Editor in Chief. You can follow him on Twitter and IGN.
I give the review a 9.75 for stellar grammar all the way through. Seriously, do five-year-olds write these user reviews?a first at CEC (for me anyway)
By Alan Hargreaves-Oracle on Oct 09, 2007
About three hours before I laft last Saturday, I got a gate open email for a bugfix that I was putting back into on10-patch (the Solaris 10 Patch gate). I decided that generally the gatekeepers want you available for a bit after it. As I was flying that day, it probably was not a good idea to do it then.
So, before the Speed Geeking at the unconference (more on that later), I wandered down to the Sun Pavilion, got myself punched in and did the putback while sat on the floor conected through wireless.
When I mentioned tis two Hal Stern he made the point that I had to blog thos. So, here you go Hal!
Technorati Tags: cec2007, suncec2007$94,000 Trulia Est.
-
- |
-
PUBLIC RECORD
13 West Ave Waterport, NY 14571
- Single-Family Home
- 4 Bedrooms
- 1 full, 1 partial Bathrooms
- 2,272 sqft
- Lot size: 1.27 acres
- Built in 1838
- Edit Home Facts
Property Details for 13 West Ave
Description provided by Trulia
13 West Ave This is a Single-Family Home located at 13 West Avenue, Waterport NY. 13 West Ave has 4 beds, 1 ½ bath, and approximately 2,272 square feet. The property was built in 1838. 13 West Ave is in the 14571 ZIP code in Waterport, NY. The average list price for ZIP code 14571 is $96,583.
Public Records for 13 West Ave
Official property, sales, and tax information from county (public) records as of 10/2014:
- Single Family Residential
- 1 Partial Bathroom
- Built In 1838
- Exterior Walls: Wood
- County: Orleans
- 4 Bedrooms
- 2,272 sqft
- Stories: 2 story with basement
- Basement: Partial Basement
- Tax Rate Code Area: 342001
- 1 Bathroom
- Lot Size: 1.27 acres
- Heating
- Style: Traditional
See businesses, schools, and crimes near this home
Property Taxes and Assessment for 13 West Ave
Source: Public Records
Estimates around 13 West Ave
- Home Estimates for 13 West AveIn it, but not of it. TPM DC
Obama Embraces 'Gang of Six' Deficit Plan
"...
Leaders of the Gang of Six announced Tuesday that they're close to an agreement on a major deal to cut the deficit by more than $4 trillion over the next decade. The group of senators have been struggling to come up with a plan all of its members could agree upon, and progress was stymied recently when Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK) left the negotiating table because of a general resistance to cut healthcare costs.
The group said Tuesday it had found some ways to cut healthcare that helped Coburn return to talks. The plan broadly mirrors a proposal put forth by the Debt Commission led by Erskine Bowles and Alan Simpson, which the President generally supports. It would call for immediate $500 billion "down payment" on cutting the deficit as the starting point toward the ultimate goal of finding more than $4 trillion over the next decade that would be finalized in a second piece of legislation.
The bipartisan deal would likely gain enough traction to get through the Senate, but Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-VA) have rejected any willingness to compromise on a deal that includes net tax increases.
Republicans have taken issue with the Gang of Six proposals because it would raise $1 trillion in revenues over the coming decade, while Democratic leaders are skeptical for its cuts to entitlements programs including Medicare and Medicaid.Help please with route - Spain
Hello everyone! I need help badly with my route/ itinerary. My husband and me will be in Spain this next December (Nov. 30-Dc 12). We'll have 12 full days, not including the returning day. What I need is help with the best logical route, considering we will arrive at Madrid, return from BCN, and will be travelling in train... Here are the places we will be visiting: Madrid Toledo La Mancha (just for the windmills) Cordoba Seville Arcos (or Rhonda?) Granada
Barcelona Our main concern is how are we going to arrange the order of these places, considering train routes. I've being reading a lot and have already bought our Rick Steve's Spain 2013 (arrive last night!!!), but couldn't finally get the best logical route. All your help will be really appreciated, and suggestions would be more than welcome... ;-)(scroll down to see all contacts)
This directory is comprised of contacts who consider themselves mergers or acquisitions experts in addition to the exact job title they’ve been assigned.A US military official said yesterday that US soldiers fired their guns in self-defense, but admitted they might have fired into a crowd of angry Afghan civilians in Kabul after a deadly traffic accident between a military convoy and motorists this week.
"There are initial indications, as part of our ongoing investigation, that coalition soldiers in the convoy did in fact use their weapons in self-defence," Colonel Tom Collins, spokesman for the US-led coalition forces, told a packed press conference.
Coalition forces had initially said after Monday's accident that soldiers had only fired their weapons in the air to disburse the crowd as the convoy was attempting to leave the area.
The accident, which occurred during morning rush hour, drew an angry crowd to the crash site and triggered large-scale rioting in Kabul. As many as 20 people were feared dead and more than 160 wounded in the day's events.
Collins said US military officials were still investigating whether soldiers fired at specific civilians approaching them in what they believed to be an aggressive manner. He also said official were still determining whether the soldiers had followed proper rules of engagement. Television footage at the accident scene appeared to show US soldiers firing indiscriminately around them, and numerous witnesses told reporters that the soldiers fired on civilians.
If the US investigation concludes that soldiers fired on unarmed civilians, it would worsen already strained relations between the Afghan population and US-led international military coalition, which has been involved in previous car accidents with motorists and killed multiple civilians during military operations.
Threatening
Collins said the crowd at the accident scene was throwing rocks and threatening US soldiers and Afghan police who had come to assist them. He said the crowd eventually overpowered policemen providing a security cordon for the soldiers and that small arms fire erupted within the crowd.
"Our initial investigation shows that fire came from the crowd, and our soldiers used their weapons to defend themselves," Collins said, adding that the soldiers were under imminent threat from the crowd. "The danger was there."
The investigation, which includes Afghan officials, has determined so far that a 27,000kg military cargo truck ploughed into a crowd of occupied cars stuck in traffic because the US military truck had a brakes failure because of overheating.
The truck was part of a 12-vehicle convoy travelling from Bagram Air Force Base north of Kabul through the city's downtown areas en route to the eastern city of Gardez, during which it travelled down steep mountain roads that required heavy breaking.
Collins said the truck's operator was an experienced driver who took evasive action to avoid hitting civilians, including ploughing into unoccupied parked cars while trying to stop, but nonetheless rammed into several occupied vehicles.
"This was a tragic accident, and it truly was an accident," he said. "Our soldiers are honorable. They act very professionally."
Rumors
After the accident, rumors spread that the convoy had deliberately slammed into the motorists and US soldiers had indiscriminately fired into the gathering crowds.
Gangs of armed men, many of them youths, began walking the streets and chanting, "Death to America," looting stores; throwing stones at police and passing vehicles; and attacking the offices of the UN, foreign aid organizations, police posts, shops, hotels and a television station.Haupp
Tiffen IRND+DDFX Feature Highlights
About The New Tiffen MPTV Line of FiltersFiveTheMembers of the media can contact Anya Oskolkova at anya@zazilmediagroup.com to request a product review kit, or if attending the NAB 2013 exhibition, set up a press appointment for a private product briefing.
Janice DolanZazil Media Group(e) janice@zazilmediagroup.com(p) 617.817.6595(skype) janicedolan
####Getting In
Schools & Colleges
- School of Agriculture & Environmental Sciences
- College of Arts & Sciences
- School of Business & Economics
- School of Education
Dr. Chiekwe Bernadette (Chi) Anyansi-Archibong
Position: Professor
Telephone: (336) 285-3404
Office Location: 341 Merrick Hall
Address:
North Carolina A&T State University
Quiester Craig Hall
Greensboro, NC 27411
Teaching Interest:
Global Issues—Global management courses
Strategic management
Ethics in Business
Research Ethics
Business environment
Entrepreneurship
Cross-cultural communication and Management
Cross Cultural Negotiation Strategies, etc.Research Interest:
Emerging Economies and Global competitiveness
Research Ethics:
Sustainable Growth strategies
Factors of Production In economic development of poor nations, etc.
Biography:
Chi Anyansi-Archibong received her PH. D. in Strategic Management, with minors in International Management and Entrepreneurship, an MBA and a BS degree in Accounting and Management from the University of Kansas. She is currently a professor at North Carolina A & T State University in Greensboro. She has been an active participant in organizing and implementing several management education programs and workshops in China, Latvia, Estonnia, Russia, Nigeria, St. Kitts, Trinidad and Tobago, Barbados, The U.S Virgin Islands and the United States. She has participated in several international faculty developments in Senegal, South Africa, Hungary, Czech Republic, India, Morocco, Costa Rica, New Zealand, Ireland, etc. in addition to many others in the United States.
As a veteran Faculty Liaison(1989-1999) for the North Carolina Small Business and Technology Development Center (NCSBTDC), she worked with many area small businesses under the University outreach programs. Research/contract projects include the determination of appropriate budget system for the IT division of North Carolina Department of Corrections; Strategic Panning; etc.
Dr. Anyansi -Archibong is the author of four Research and Business Case Books; Over 112 journal and proceedings articles and cases; fifteen grant proposals and reports; and numerous teaching materials such as “experiential exercises” and skills development materials for Strategic, International, Ethics, and Business Environment courses (Instructional Materials). She has appeared as an invited speaker in several national and international conferences as well as held leadership roles in case research, Faculty short-term study abroad, cultural competency and case teaching workshops for both professional organizations and universities. She served as the president of the North American Case Research Association (NACRA), (a 550 member international organization). She was the president and founder of the Southeast Case Research Association (SECRA), the founder of North Carolina A&T SIFE organization, founder of SIFE Nigeria, founder of North Carolina A&T Rotaractor, and has served as the program chair, session chair, and discussant for several international and national professional organizations and conferences. Invitations for speaking engagements came from diverse organizations including Initiative for competitive Inner City, Association of NISSAN/HBCU Fellows, Institute for Global Leaders in the Caribbean, Women Leadership Forum, National Association of Women Business Owners, etc.
Dr. Anyansi-Archibong served as a reviewer for several professional proceedings, journals, and book manuscripts. She has served on the editorial review board for The Case research Journal, and The journal of Entrepreneurship: Theory and Practice, and The International Review for Third World Issues. She is currently on the editorial review board for The Journal of SMET Education: Innovations and Research, The Journal of Entrepreneurship Education, The Case research Journal, and the Southeast Case Research Journal. She was an Associate Editor for PINNACLE, A McGraw-Hill Publication (1990-2002) and an author for the Weekly Wall Street Journal In education (International Business Issues-1997-2004). She has served as a manuscript reviewer for McGraw-Hill Publishing Company, Prentice Hall, Sage Publishing Company, Houghton Mifflin, etc.
Dr. Anyansi-Archibong serves on several organization boards including the NACRA past presidents’ Advisory Council, the NACRA Board, the National Business School Network (NBSN) Steering Committee, The Southeast Case Research Board, The Students In Free Enterprise (SIFE) Academic Board, Who is Who in professions board, Students for Advancement of Global Entrepreneurship (SAGE) board, and Bishop McGuinness High School Board, Industry of the Blind (IOB) board. She is a SIFE Consultant, a member of the National Academy of Management, International Council for Small Business (served as International Liaison) , a member of the Small Business Institute Directors Association, a member of the Triad World Affairs Council and the U. S. Association for Small Business and Entrepreneurship (USASBE), Global business Association, World Case Research and Application (WACRA). She was also on the Advisory Board of the Wall Street Journal in Education (1998-2004) and an ex-officio member of SIFE Nigeria Board. She served on the Greensboro United Way Council for Self-Sufficiency, Employment and Positive Life (1992-2003)
Dr. Anyansi-Archibong has received several recognitions and awards. She is currently listed in the 2000 Notable American Women, in the 1995 Who is Who World Wide, 1996 Sterling Who is Who, and 1995 Harvard Directory of Who is Who in International Management Research. She is a Nissan Fellow, A Samuel Walton Fellow for Free Enterprise Education, A Paul Harris Fellow (Rotary International), a SASAKAWA-Japanese Institute Fellow, an ExxonMobil Fellow, an Institutional Leader for Land Grant Universities Research Ethics (LANGURE). She was a National President for SIFE Global, the Faculty Director for the University of Michigan-Center for International Business/ HBCU Collaboration, A Champion of SIFE, A Double Eagle Champion of SIFE, The Leavey Award Recipient for Excellence in Entrepreneurship education, the Distinguished Case Research Contributor Award and the Beyond Pinstripes Award for External Impact. She has received several Teaching Excellence awards including the AMOCO teaching excellence.
Dr. Anyansi-Archibong was the chair of the University environmental Scanning Committee for several years and a member of the committee for the 1890s University Planning ( a federal government Committee). She was chair of the Department of Business Administration Curriculum Committee for eleven years and currently chairs the School of Business and Economics curriculum committee. She has served for several years on the School of Business and University Promotion and Tenure committees. She was the Chair for Faculty Grievance committee. She has authored several courses at the school and university level and supervised the development of three other international related courses in the Business School. She served as the Coordinator for the University Interdisciplinary Global Studies Certificate Program (GSCP) 2001-2006 and the School of Business and Economics Business Environment Course, 2003-present. She also currently serves as a member of the UNC Tomorrow Team for Global Competency and the University System ORP Investment Advisory10 Ridiculously Cute Endangered Animal Babies in Videos
Baby Hippos
A 95-percent drop in the world's hippopotamus population -- according to this 2003 article from New Scientist -- landed these mammals on the endangered species list in 2006, and as officials cracked down on the capture and sale of elephant ivory, hippo teeth became a favorite replacement.
But this mother and her baby, caught on film by the BBC, aren't fighting off poachers on this particular day: They're swimming and lazing in the river, just like any other family on a hot-weather trip to the beach. While baby hippos range in size from about 55-120 pounds, their full-grown counterparts weigh as much as 500 pounds, making them the third-biggest land animals -- behind elephants and rhinos -- according to the African Wildlife Foundation.Description NetSuite Mid-Market Edition is an integrated, cloud-based business management software solution for accounting, enterprise resource planning (ERP), customer relationship management (CRM), professional services automation (PSA), and e-commerce. This donation provides an initial one-year license for the base NetSuite software suite for up to five users. It includes 120,000 outgoing campaign email messages per year, 10 GB of File Cabinet space for storing documents and other files, 10 GB of database storage, and training services. See the Subscription Details tab for more information. Benefits for Organizations If you have experience implementing accounting and CRM systems or hire a consultant, you can use NetSuite Mid-Market Edition to: Enhance your fundraising with an integrated donor database, email marketing platform, and e-commerce platform for accepting online donations Track constituent activities through dashboards, reporting, and database tools Budget, track, and report on expenses for executives, program managers, and funders in real time Manage inventory and sales of products and services online and offline Major Capabilities Accounting and finance management: NetSuite ERP includes accounting standards such as general ledgers, accounts payable and receivable, purchasing, inventory, order entry, and more. Donor management and sales force automation: NetSuite CRM includes quote and order management, marketing automation with campaigns, and customer service and support. Productivity tools: You can track your organization's efficiency via a contacts database, shared calendar, tasks, expense reporting, and employee hours tracking. E-commerce tools: You can create a basic e-commerce site with an integrated catalog of products and services. SuiteCloud: You can build custom applications on top of the NetSuite platform via an integrated development environment, APIs, and advanced point-and-click customization. Support This product includes the Silver level of support from NetSuite. You can submit issues online via NetSuite's Customer Access Portal, and NetSuite will call back in two to four hours..DoDDS-Europe
Isles District Office
- AFNORTH Community Schools
- Alconbury Community Schools
- Brussels Community Schools
- Croughton Community Schools
- Lakenheath Community Schools
- Menwith Hill Community Schools
- SHAPE Community Schools
News and Features
Back to Previous Page | All News Items
Avid Students Win VFW Award
SHAPE MHS
John Taylor
SHAPE | May 12, 2014
Avvid students recognized by VFW | Photo: John Taylor
On Friday, May 9, representatives from the VFW Europe Post 605 in Paris traveled to SHAPE to recognize 12 students who participated in the Voice of Democracy and Patriot's Pen competitions.All students received certificates and 4 were given cash awards.
None of this would have happened if the Post Commander, Mr. Ernesto Paolucci, a veteran of WWII, had not insisted on presenting these awards in person.{E�#
Back to Previous Page | All News ItemsWelcome to the Muppet Central Forum!
You are viewing our forum as a guest. Join our free community to post topics and start private conversations. Please contact us if you need help with registration or your account login.
Scott Harris
New Member, Male, 41, from New York, NY
- Scott Harris was last seen:
- Apr 15, 2012
About
- Gender:
- Male
- Birthday:
- May 17, 1974 (Age: 41)
- Location:
- New York, NY
InteractBBQ Chicken Pizza
Zucchini and Feta Pizza with Artichoke and Garlic Sauce
Spanish Pizza with Chorizo and Manchego
Potato and Clam Pizza with Pancetta and Calabrian Chile Sauce
White Pizza with Potatoes and Asparagus
Deep-Dish Vegetable Pizza
Sausage & Pepper Pizza
Grilled Pizza Margherita
Salsiccia Pizza with Broccoli Rabe
Zucchini & Basil Pizzas
Grilled Margherita Pizza
Heirloom Tomato and Basil Pizza
Sicilian Zucchini Pizza
Herbed Pizzas with Prosciutto, Basil and Goat Cheese
Fig and Prosciutto Pizza
Grilled Southwestern Pizza
Pancetta and Calabrian Chile Pizza with Kale
Grilled Potato and Pancetta Pizza with Arugula
Grilled Asparagus and Prosciutto Pizza
Pizza with Broccoli Rabe and Sausage
Heirloom Tomato and Arugula Pizza
All-Purpose Pizza Dough
Arugula and Prosciutto Pizza
Pizza with Bacon and TomatoesBatam : Just Across Singapore
You have to login first to rate this destination
0.00/5 ( votes)
Home » Batam: Just Across Singapore » Find Hotel » Vista Hotel & Service Apartment
Vista Hotel & Service Apartment
With a strategic location Vista Hotel is right in the heart of Batam, 20 minutes from Hang Nadim International Airport. 10 minutes from shopping area, Nagoya, Batam Centre.10 minutes from Ferry Terminal.I was watching some approaches at SAN this evening and the Southwest Lone Star One came in. The representative color schemes along with their new 737s being delivered got me wondering if Southwest would be brazen enough to bring out a Colorado scheme to flaunt around DIA.
View Large View Medium
Photo © Carlos E. Santa MariaView Large View Medium
Photo © Josh Akbar
View Large View Medium
Photo © Steve BrimleyView Large View Medium
Photo © Bill Hough
View Large View Medium
Photo © James RowsonView Large View Medium
Photo © John Klos
I love my FRONTIER, but I'd love to see a 737 that matches the mountains and colors of this plate...
Additionally, anyone know if there are certain qualifications for a state to be represented by Southwest?
And why no Illinois One or Florida One?[Edited 2008-02-01 21:04:17]
This topic is archived and can not be replied to any more.How to Install Sound Onto an Windows XP System
Today's modern computers usually have two choices for sound, built in onboard sound or a sound card. Before onboard sound and sound cards were around computers were only able to make a a series of beeps. These beeps were at different frequencies and length to indicate specific problems the PC might be experiencing. Early PC games used this beep as a way to create sound tracks for the game. The installation process of a sound card is the same for any sound card you wish to install. Any sound card needs to be installed into a PCI slot, which is a specific slot on the motherboard, that can support additional computer devices like sound cards. The steps below will allow any user to get sound working on a new or a freshly reformatted PC.
Steps
- 1Go to the selected computer and shut it down if it's running. Once the computer is safely shut down, unplug all the cords on the back panel. Move the computer to a comfortable working area and open the case.Ad
- 2Look on the motherboard for an open pci slot. Most motherboards have these slots closer to the bottom of the case. Before you insert the card into the slot remember that these parts are delicate and should be handled with care. Grab your sound card and snap it into the selected pci slot. Make sure to put a hex screw to secure it to the case.
- 3Now that the sound card is installed, plug in all the computer cords. Turn the pc on and log on to an administrator account.
- 4Get the sound card's name and version. Most new cards come with a sound card driver cd. If you're installing an older card and don't have the cd, search the sound cards name and version on Google. Find a reliable site, like the manufacturer's site, and download the driver to your desktop.
- 5If the cd is available put it into the computers cd drive. Otherwise double-click on the driver you downloaded onto the desktop. This will start the drivers install process, do not have other processes running in the background. Additional programs might cause the driver install to fail or become corrupted.
- 6Once the installation is complete, restart the computer and it should detect the sound card when logged on next.
- 7If not already done so, plug your speaker system into the sound cards specified slots. If you are installing a speaker system that will run dolby 5.1 proceed to step 8, otherwise skip to step 9
- 8To enable dolby 5.1 the user must first click the start button on the task bar. Go to the control panel and select sounds and audio devices. Under speaker settings click on advanced and a new window will pop up. Under the speakers tab there is a drop menu that the user can select their sound system setup. Usually ranging to having no speakers to enabling Dolby 7.1 surround sound.
Ad
- Some sound cards come with additional sound programs, creative is most infamous for this. The sound program has many adjustments that the user can play with. Feel free to mess with settings, usually a reset to default settings is provided.
We could really use your help!
storing food?
rate articles?
music production?
guns and ammunition?
real estate?
Warnings
- Electrostatic discharge (ESD) can damage computer parts severely
- Wear a anti-static wrist strap or have a anti-static mat under the work area
- Handle the sound card with care, do not put stress on the card at any time
Things You'll Need
- Used or newly bought sound card
- Sound card driver CD or install file
- Speaker system
- Screwdriver
- Screw to hold sound card to chassis
Article Info
Categories: XP Instructions
In other languages:
Español: instalar sonido en un sistema Windows XP, Русский: установить звук в Windows XP, Português: Instalar Som em um Sistema com Windows XP
Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 12,820 times.
About this wikiHowPhoto SpecialScore! Stars Party for the Super Bowl
Ready for football? Ashton Kutcher & Demi Moore, Justin Timberlake, Jennifer Aniston and more stars head to Dallas the big game
Credit: Sara Jaye Weiss/Startraks
Updated: Monday Feb 07, 2011 | 12:45 PM.
'FORGET' ME NOT
From Super Bowl to Super Friends! Jim Carrey finds a new pal in singer Cee Lo Green at Don Julio's pregame bash, held at The Lot, on Feb. 5.LinuxQuestions.org
(
/questions/
)
-
Slackware
(
)
- -
Strange problem when install Slack 9.1
(
)
ZiGiE
10-28-2003 10:10 AM
Strange problem when install Slack 9.1
I'm having a very strange problem.
I'm trying to install Slackwarwe 9.1 on my Sony Vaio laptop. My CD-ROM is not supported by any of the pre-built kernels (it's in the docking station, SCSI and firewire support required). I booted from CD, configured network, istalled 'wget' and mirrored entire Slackware-9.1 folder from FTP onto my harddrive. I checked it against CHECKSUM.md5 - no errors, ALL files, including sources, are there. BTW, my HDD is partitioned as follows:
--- I have a dead NTFS partition (PQBoot killed my MBR recently, still trying to recover my data) with WinXP as /dev/hda1 (~22G);
--- Linux ext2 partition as /dev/hda2 (~8G);
--- swap partition /dev/hda3 (~300M).
I run setup, select key map, swap (/dev/hda3), target (/dev/hda2), select source as premounted directory (/mnt/slackware-9.1), /dev/hda2 is mounted to /mnt, select all packages, select newbie (I tried full as well) and after that setup shows me message that linux was installed and configured without actually installing it. I can't understand what is going on. I tried reformating linux partition and re-downloaded slackware - same result. Setup just skips the installation and configuration steps without giving any error messages, just tells me that installation is complite and that I can reboot, but nothing is installed...
Any ideas?
subekk0
10-28-2003 02:20 PM
Something to try
If you have a USB floppy drive try creating the bootdisks and rootdisks and loading it that way. It could be that SW is erroring out because it is detecting something, and doesn't know what error to call it.... so it just completes. I have had that happen before when a partion was not large enough to install correctly.
ZiGiE
10-28-2003 02:25 PM
So you're saying that it might make a difference whether I boot from CD or floppy?
ZiGiE
10-28-2003 08:55 PM
Wow! I tried to boot from floppies instead of CD and installation seems to work. I'm installing my Slack right now :D
Thanks, subekk0!
All times are GMT -5. The time now is
05:04 AM
.Japanese Government Plan for Miyagi Prefecture Reconstruction”
We do not aim to simply “restore” rather, we aim to develop an appropriate infrastructure through fundamental “reconstruction” in diverse areas including, agriculture forestry and fishing, commerce and industry, manufacturing, and the upgrading and placement of community facilities/disaster prevention facilities.
Forward-thinking urban planning that responds to the problems facing modern society
As we push forward with the restoration effort, we aim to pursue forward-looking urban planning that responds to issues surrounding modern society such as population decline, falling birthrate, an aging population, environmental conservation and coexistence with nature, and the development of safe and secure local communities.
Develop a model for reconstruction after catastrophic damage
By achieving a restoration process that incorporates new ideas and initiatives, we aim in 10 years’ time (2020) to have developed a model for recovery from catastrophic damage.
（2）Basic Policy/Ideas
① Timescale ・10-year plan, 2011-2020
・Restoration period (3years), Regeneration period (4 years), Development period (3 years)
② Agents for reconstruction
・Individual citizens to become agents for recovery,
combined with a government system providing full
support to private sector activities
③ Support needed
・Human and material support from the government, other prefectures, municipalities, and the private sector
・Large scale reconstruction contracts/projects directly implemented by the government (reducing the burden on the prefecture and afflicted municipalities)
・Flexible and secure fiscal measures in the form of large scale government disaster recovery grants/local government grants (securing funds for the prefecture and afflicted municipalities)
・Establishment of flexible systems that prioritize restoration of afflicted areas. Application of special legislation and specific systems that reflect the actual situation in the afflicted areas (flexible operation of regulations)
（3）Matters of top priority
Life support for disaster victims
(provide temporary housing (30,000 homes), facilitate secondary evacuation, provide life support for disaster victims, support for repairing homes etc.)
Prompt restoration of public facilities and lifeline utilities
(restore roads, ports, waterways, coastal areas, airport, railways, water and sewage systems, electricity, gas, communications)
Recovery of administrative functions in afflicted municipalities
(restore facilities, official documents and information systems; secure personnel etc.)
Waste Disposal
(remove the huge volume of waste left by the tsunami within 1 year, and dispose of this waste within 3 years)
Securing the education environment
(secure nursery, elementary, junior and high school education, ensure sufficient facilities and teaching staff, and promptly restore social education and educational facilities)
Securing insurance, medical care, and welfare
(restore facilities in afflicted areas, secure health and sanitation, support those providing relief)
Securing employment and living expenses
(secure employment and living expenses for disaster victims and employment for recent graduates)
Initial restoration of agriculture, forestry and fisheries industries
(restore agricultural land, fishing grounds and forests, and provide financial support for markets, distribution, and sales etc.)
Restoration of commerce and industry
(provide financial support in the form of operating capital and funds for the restoration of facilities and services. Business consultation etc.)
Rebuilding a safe and secure local community
(re-examine disaster prevention schemes, restore disaster prevention facilities and services, monitor radiation, secure systems of law enforcement)
（4）Restoration of coastal settlements affected by the disaster
○, Yamoto, suffered enormous damage as a result of the huge tsunami. Full restoration of these areas will not be possible.
○ Regeneration through the reformulation of a new “grand design” for cities and towns that takes a medium-long term view is a must.
○ In particular, with regards to the grand design of residential areas, agricultural regions, fishing ports, harbor areas, commercial and industrial areas, there is a need to fundamentally revise the way of thinking of local residents/cities/towns in terms of the nature of disaster prevention and industrial development etc.
○ Provision of full and long-term support for the restoration efforts of local communities from a variety of sources including the government, prefecture, other municipalities, business, and other organizations.
○ Prevent unregulated use of land, and promote new urban development by supporting the realization of a restoration plan for cities/towns that includes building restrictions, town planning, human/personnel and technological support etc.
（5）Restoration of the whole prefecture
○ Damage resulting from the earthquake and tsunami has been enormous, and has greatly affected all aspects of citizens’ lives.
○ このため、県政全般について分野毎の復興の基本的な方向性を示す。
○ 施策を展開する上では、県全体の防災や産業振興のあり方を抜本的に見直し、被災地を中心に、最適な公共施設や設備の配置などの基盤づくりを図る必要がある。
○ 県民生活の復興を図りさらなる発展に結びつけるため、各分野とも、復旧期・再生期・発展期の各段階を踏まえた効果的な施策の展開を図る。
○ 最終的には、本県の長期総合計画である「宮城の将来ビジョン」に掲げた「富県宮城の実現」、「安心と活力に満ちた地域社会づくり」、「人と自然が調和した美しく安全な県土づくり」の政策推進の基本方向に基づき、県民が県勢の発展を実感できる地域社会を実現していく。
① 環境・生活・衛生・廃棄物
② 保健・医療・福祉
③ 経済・商工・観光・雇用
④ 農業・林業・水産業
⑤ 公共土木施設
⑥ 教育
⑦ 防災・安全･安心
（6）県の行財政運営の基本方針
① 徹底した復興事業へのシフト・重点化
・復旧期・再生期においては、徹底して復興事業へ財源・人材を振り向ける。
・既存の事務事業の見直しを大幅に行い、財源・人材の集中化・重点化を図る。
② 財源確保対策
・災害復興交付金、地方交付税など、国による自由度の高い確実な財源措置が必要である。
・県の自助努力として、県の独自課税（「みやぎ発展税」、「みやぎ環境税」、「産業廃棄物税」）の税収を、制度の趣旨を損なわない範囲で復興のための経費に充当する。
３ 今後のスケジュール等
○ 今後、基本方針に基づき、議会、県民、市町村、有識者等の意見を踏まえながら「（仮称）宮城県震災復興計画」を策定する（平成 23 年 8 月中を目途、９月議会に議案として上程予定）。
○ 基本方針（素案）についても、適宜修正等を行い確定していく。
○ 県全体の基本方針、復興計画を踏まえて、各部局において必要に応じて個別の事業計画を策定し、財源措置を講じて個別事業を展開する。
Translation by our Japanese based teamAbout the Book
Global warming is the story of the twenty-first century. It is the most serious issue facing the future of humankind, but American energy and environmental policy is driving the whole world down a path toward global catastrophe. According to Joseph Romm, we have ten years, at most, to start making sharp cuts to our greenhouse gas emissions, or we will face disastrous consequences. The good news, he writes, is that there is something we can do—but only if the leadership of the U.S. government acts immediately and asserts its influence on the rest of the world.
Hell and High Water is nothing less than a wake-up call to the country. It is a searing critique of American environmental and energy policy, and a passionate call to action by a writer with a unique command of the science and politics of climate: 9.99 USD
- BISAC1: POLITICAL SCIENCE / General>>.
Leveson report: powerful new press watchdog to be backed by the courts
Related Articles
Published: 29 November 2012
The era of newspapers regulating themselves should end, the Leveson inquiry concluded today.
In a milestone report, Lord Justice Leveson called for a powerful independent regulator - with the ability to fine newspapers up to £1m.
It would underpinned by new laws and accountable to the courts in the wake of phone hacking and other scandals.
His proposals instantly split the Government and Parliament down the middle – leaving David Cameron at loggerheads with deputy Nick Clegg and under intense pressure from Labour to agree.
The judge scornfully rejected self-regulation of the Press as “the industry marking its own homework”.
He specifically ruled out proposals for tougher regulation drawn up by the newspaper industry itself.
“Any model with editors on the main board is simply not independent of the industry,” he said.
He then called on Parliament to act. Recalling that his was the seventh inquiry in 70 years he demanded: “The ball now moves back into the politicians’ court. They must now decide who guards the guardians.”
Key points of his 2,000 page report were:
- Newspapers are urged to co-operate with setting up an independent regulator with powers to set standards and rules, force prominent corrections, investigate alleged malpractice. Crucially, its chairman would be appointed by a panel and not be the Government or newspapers.
- Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt, the former Culture Secretary, allowed “a perception of bias” over his office’s handling of Rupert Murdoch’s attempted takeover of BskyB because of the actions of his special adviser, Adam Smith. However, Mr Hunt and Business Secretary Vince Cable were both cleared of bias.
- It raised a question mark over why George Osborne suggested that David Cameron hire former News of the World editor Andy Coulson, who had quit over phone hacking.
- The report criticised "poor decisions" by Scotland Yard over the original phone-hacking investigation in 2006 but saw "no basis for challenging at any stage the integrity of the police”.
- Former Met chief John Yates was singled out for criticism for failing to re-open the probe in 2009 at a time when he was close friends with former News of the World executive Neil Wallis.
- The reports said Rupert Murdoch was so powerful he could influence political leaders “without having to ask”.
- It castigated the “unethical” disregard by some sections of the press towards privacy, including the use of phone hacking, blagging, harassment, intrusion and “lack of respect” for people in grief.
- Calling for a crackdown on cosy relations between the press and police, the inquiry concluded “off the record” briefings to journalists by officers should be outlawed.
- Attempting to rein in the paparazzi, Lord Justice Leveson recommended that photographers names be published alongside their pictures in a bid to maximise “transparency”.
The judge admitted that critics would accuse him of abolishing centuries of Press freedom but insisted his proposals would both safeguard a free media while reining in bad behaviour by tabloid newspapers.
“In order to give effect to the incentives that I have outlined, it is essential that there should be legislation to underpin the independent self-regulatory system and facilitate its recognition in legal processes,” he said.
 level of independence and effectiveness are met by the system in order for publishers to take advantage of the benefits arising as a result of membership.”
Any newspaper that declined the “benefits of membership” would face paying “exemplary damages” and higher levels of legal costs if they lost court actions brought against them, he proposed.
The report said: “The Board should have the power to impose appropriate and proportionate sanctions, (including financial sanctions up to 1 per cent of turnover with a maximum of £1million), on any subscriber found to be responsible for serious or systematic breaches of the standards code or governance requirements of the body."
His report today was less critical than expected of senior politicians and the police at the centre of the controversies over hacking, media ownership.
On the famous “LoL” and other texts between David Cameron and former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks, the report states: “ Like everyone else, politicians are entitled to be friendly with whomsoever they wish and there must remain some space for a private life in even the most public of figures.”
Another text in which Ms Brooks tells Mr Cameron that she is “rooting for you tomorrow ” ahead of a party conference speech in 2009, when The Sun switched support from Labour to the Conservatives, was picked out by the inquiry.
The report added: “The text illustrates how complete the sudden transfer of support was and how close the communications between News International and Mr Cameron was.”
Of the developing friendship between Cameron and Rebekah Brooks, he said the "volume" and "nature" of contact changed over time. He added: "By the end, it was less a matter of Mr Cameron getting his message over to the new editor of The Sun and more a question of News International being 'in it together' with Mr Cameron, and seeking to get his message across for him."
On Rupert Murdoch, the report says: “Sometimes the very greatest power is exercised without having to ask…”
Politicians were aware that “taking on” the media mogul would be likely to lead to a rupture in support – “a metaphorical declaration of war on his titles with the inevitable backlash that would follow”.
The report added: “Put in these terms, the influence exercised by Mr Murdoch is more about what did not happen than what did.”
Lord Justice Leveson raised an eyebrow over Mr Osborne’s recommendation to hire former NoW editor Andy Coulson as the Tories’ chief spin doctor.
He questioned why Coulson’s name came up in the selection process when he had “resigned in response to the conviction and imprisonment of one of his journalists.”
Lord Justice Leveson was scathing about the ethical standards in some sections of the Press. He said that “a cultural strand exists within the press betraying an unethical cultural indifference to the consequences of exposing private lives and a failure to treat individuals with appropriate dignity and respect”.
“This was in essence an overarching complaint which encompasses many of the criticisms addressed below,m” said the report. “Phone hacking, blagging, the widsespread use of covert surveillance, harassment and the publication of private and confidential information all reflect, to varying extents, this cultural indiufference.”
Lord Justice Leveson gave the benefit of the doubt to the Metropolitan Police’s handling of the phone-hacking investigation.
Although he admitted there was “entirely understandable” concern that “a number of senior officers within the Met had become too close to News International”, he concluded he had “seen no basis for challenging at any stage the integrity of the police”.
He added: “What is however equally clear is that a series of poor decisions, poorly executed, all came together to contribute to the perception I have recognised.”
However, Lord Justice Leveson did single out former Met chief John Yates for failing to re-open the phone-hacking investigation in 2009 at a time when he was close friends with former News of the World executive Neil Wallis.
He said: “Although he was a very experienced police officer, I regret that Assistant Commissioner Yates did not reflect on whether he should be involved in an investigation into the newspaper at which he had friends, including one who was the deputy editor.
.”
In an astonishing crackdown on relations between the press and police, Lord Justice Leveson concluded all unofficial contact between and officers and journalists should be outlawed.
He said the term “off-the-record briefing should be discontinued” and replaced solely with “background briefings” – that cannot be reported – and “embargoed briefings”, where publication is delayed until an agreed date.
He concluded: “These terms more neutrally describe what are legitimate police and media interactions.”)".
Meanwhile, in an attempt to rein in the paparazzi, Lord Justice Leveson recommended that photographers names be published alongside their pictures in a bid to maximise “transparency”.
Lord Justice Leveson admitted he was particularly influenced by evidence from high-profile victims of the press, including Kate and Gerry McCann - parents of missing Madeleine; the parents of murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler and Christopher Jefferies, a Bristol teacher wrongly accused of murder by several national newspapers.
Labour MP Chris Bryant said: “Leveson is impressive. The law needs to change. Self-interest regulation isn’t regulation at all. Genuinely independent regulation [is] vital.”
Tory MP Nadhim Zahawi, who has backed tighter regulation of newspapers, drew parallels between a new press regulator and the media regulator Ofcom.
He said: “The broadcasters are already regulated and that didn’t stop ITV from breaking the very good Savile story.”
And Labour’s Tom Harris tweeted: “Will I still be able to have my planned lunch with a journalist next week?”<<Oprah Winfrey Wants to End Reign With Donald Trump Makeover
By Sarah Crow Posted Mar 30th 2011 01:20PM
The New York Post reports that Winfrey's wish is to give Donald Trump and other celebrity guests on-air makeovers in an episode before she takes her final bow.
The real estate mogul, whose deep spray tan and famous coif are often the butt of jokes, may want to take Oprah's style advice if he's serious about his reported presidential bid.
As the invite to appear on Oprah's show reportedly noted, "This will become one of those historical television moments that will become iconic."
Winfrey, who sat down with the 'Apprentice' creator and his family in February, has given audiences plenty to talk about in her final season, including a touching reunion with her half-sister, who was put up for adoption in 1963.
Whether or not Trump will heed Oprah's wishes remains to be seen, but producers have high hopes. As 'Oprah' producers told Trump, "The eyes of the world will be upon these episodes."
Watch a preview for Oprah's interview with the Trump family.
Filed under:
- Celebrity Style-
- TV News-
- WTF-
- Oprah Winfrey-
- Donald Trump yea, the eyes of the world are really going to be watching these last episodes, her ratings are in the toilet!
Reply
Her ratings are in the toilet? Viewership for Daytime TV overall has declined, but Oprah is STILL the most watched show on daytime. In fact, she's up this year over last year.
only watched her show 1 time it was about credit cards only reason
Due to anything like supporting the big O ??
What a fun idea! Everyone needs to change it up once in awhile or at the least every decade. "The Donald" would most likely look a lot younger with a new hairdo.
Reply
when she gets finished with his make over...maybe he will look like Rosie O Donnell
Donald Trump probably want to do the same for Oprah and put her on The Biggest Loser!
Reply
Donald will never change his hair, but maybe part it a different way. I heard him say that is his Trademark, and Hairstyle, that brought him Good Luck, and wealth, so he won't change it. He would look younger with a different cut, and less tan, but he still looks good to me. GIGI
Reply
Now that is a show I would watch! I would love to see something done with that mess on top of his head he calls hair and please do something with his orange face!
Reply
Why waste time having a makeover she's still going to look like a big gorilla.
Reply
Shame on you. This woman has done a lot for us women and I totally respect her. You are a bigot. She has one of the biggest hearts in America. Thank you Oprah for keeping it real.
SHAME ON YOU TALKING ABOUT YOUR MOTHER LIKE THAT. YOU SHOULD BE SLAPPED.
You should be ashamed of yourself. I may not care much for Oprah but to attack someone personally like that is terrible.
Its nice to hear you talk about yourself BOOOOO
virginia ward,
ophra has never don't a thing, that didn't benefit her in some way...the only thing more repulsive that this, two faced, phony, low life piece of siht, that makes fun of her trailer trash cattle, are the morons that admire her...you and everyone like you needs to get their heads out of their *sses, open their eyes and stop being a blind follower and think for themselves!
With his money he can look any way he wants too.
And frankly I like his looks
Reply
Poor Dolly...cataracts can be so distorting.
Trump makeover: Remove big, obnoxious ego and replace with a regular one, remove mindset that pretends to be a birther just to get the Tea Bigots to like him, give 90% of money to charity instead of building greedy empire and bragging about it 24/7, get a vasectomy and penis enlargement so that he does not need the big planes, big buildings and gold digger models to replace the small penis issue. And make him live with Sarah Palin for one month and listen to her screechy nonsense for one month as punishment for the birther stupidiy. And then make them both go away forever.
Reply
good one you made my day!
Thank you!!!! Yes Sarah and Donald deserve each other. Maybe we can add Glenn Beck, Rush L., Monica Crowley, Anne Coulter and Bill O'R. to the mix, just for fun! A bunch of narrow minded goofballs who are The Privleged and yet they continue to try to point fingers at true intellectuals and call them "elitists" as though being intellectual is a bad thing. But then, if your world view and vocabulary are both significantly limited, like Sarah & Co.'s, then I guess intellectuals would just make you so mad that you would say things like, "You Betcha!" Give me an intellectual any day instead of greeding ho's who like to sell themselves by taking advantage of those who are even less intelligent than they are.Molecular biologist Nof Atamna-Ismaeel aims to foster peace through cooking after winning Israel’s wildly popular reality show Master Chef.
Nir Peled’s edgy graffiti-inspired fashion and graphic design is on Puma jackets, Absolut bottles and Coke ads..
ISRAEL21c looks at some of the ingredients that have made the White City on the Mediterranean second only to Silicon Valley.
Israel has more serial entrepreneurs per capita than any other nation. ISRAEL21c uncovers some surprising motivating factors pushing them to succeed.
‘In the world of martial-arts competitions, I have never felt anxious — not about performing in front of an audience, and not about getting injured.’
‘It was hard for me to believe that an organ that cannot be replaced would so severely lack a system to help it heal,’ says Prof. Michal Schwartz.
Starring in the 30th season of Hawaii-based ‘Bodies in Motion,’ Gilad Janklowicz reflects on the inbred chutzpah that led him to international fame.
Prof. Hossam Haick, the Technion’s rising star in nanotechnology, believes the young Arab generation is thirsting for advanced scientific knowledge.
‘People can hear certain Israeli elements in our music, but we all just speak the language of music, and that has no borders or boundaries,’ says the saxophonist.Luca Berra wrote:L.
------ That's consistent with current behavior -- the problem is in the current name mangling (i,e. mounts by "/dev/VG/LV" get xlated into "/dev/mapper/<mangled-VG>-<mangled-LV>", where at least one manglement is xlating "-" into "--". But I've already been told that future manglements may be added due to limitations in udev. For non LV devs, it would be like having '/dev/sdc2' xlated into '(hd2,<rand>)' (where <rand> = some not always consistent integer) which, of course would be silly! ( ;-) ), or xlating LABEL="MyDisk-Label" => '/dev'disk/by-label/MYDISK--LABEL' (with 'My-Label' being 'canonicalized', for some definition of thereof, into some other value), vs. now, it's given the real devname (/dev/sdc<x>) (which is FINE with me...; it's the real HW name that the kernel uses, whereas 'label=xxx was a syntax I was encouraged to use as part of the suse boot system, as 'everything works with labels' (well, lets not speak about lilo, or booting from an HD w/o a ram disk, as we'll just drop support for those options...*cough*).... As noted, the current behavior isn't giving/using eitherthe 'real devname' /dev/dm-[x], NOR the user name, but a mangled name making it the worst of all worlds, as there is no easy way to find
out the LV and VG of the device mounted on a given mount point. To get around this == and tell me if I'm wrong, I have to use lvm, to output a list of all VG,LV groups. Then using a [perl] script (I suppose BASH's Associative arrays might work too, but familiarity points toward perl at this point), I can build up an Assoc array to map devno's -> VG,LV, then use the devno of the mountpoint as an index into that. That level of complexity is so completely LAME just to find outthe name I used to mount a FS on some mount point!....
If there is an easier way, please, hit me with a clue stick! -lMarch 15, 2009
UTAH STATE NCAA TOURNAMENT TICKET INFORMATION
Complete 2009 NCAA Tournament Bracket in PDF Format
LOGAN, Utah - Utah State men's basketball will make its sixth NCAA Tournament appearance in 10 years when the 11th-seeded Aggies take on sixth-seeded Marquette in the first round of the NCAA West Regional on Friday at Taco Bell Arena at Boise, Idaho.
Utah State (30-4 overall, 14-2 WAC) is making it first appearance in the NCAA Tournament in three years, but its sixth in the last 10 years and seventh in the last 12 years. Overall, the Aggies are making their 18th NCAA Tournament appearance. USU's last NCAA Tournament was in 2006, when the Aggies dropped a 75-61 decision to fifth-seeded Washington in the first round.
This is the first time ever that USU has faced Marquette. The Aggies are 6-9 all-time vs. teams from the Big East, last facing a Big East team in 2000 when USU took on Connecticut in the NCAA Tournament, losing 75-67. Marquette is 9-1 all-time vs. teams from the WAC, with New Mexico State the only team to beat the Golden Eagles, 73-69, in 1972.
In its previous 17 appearances, Utah State is 6-19. The last USU NCAA Tournament victory was in 2001 when the Aggies beat Ohio State, 77-68, in overtime, in the first round.
This is USU's second time as a No. 11 seed since the NCAA started seedings in 1980, joining the 1980 Aggies, who lost to Clemson, 76-73. The 11th seed is USU's highest NCAA seed since 1983 when Utah State was a 10th seed.
Utah State is coming off its Western Athletic Conference Tournament championship win with a 72-62 victory over Nevada Saturday night at Reno, Nev., as the Aggies swept the WAC titles after winning their second-straight regular-season WAC championship.
Saturday's win was USU's school-record 30th win of the season, bettering the 2000 and 2001 USU teams that each finished with 28-6 records, going to the NCAA Tournament both seasons. Overall, it is the 25th time in school history that Utah State has won 20 or more games. USU has won 23 or more games in each of the last 10 seasons, which is a school record. Only Gonzaga and Kansas have matched USU's current streak of 10-straight 23 seasons.
Utah State's 30 wins are the second-most wins in the nation this year behind only Memphis (31-3). USU is also one of just five teams in the nation with four or fewer losses joining Connecticut (27-4), Memphis, North Carolina (28-3), and Pittsburgh (28-4).
The Aggies are led by WAC Player of the Year and Tournament MVP Gary Wilkinson, as the senior forward averages 17.1 points and 6.9 rebounds per game. Wilkinson was named first-team all-District 6 by7 the National Association of Basketball Coaches last week.
Also averaging in double-figures is junior guard Jared Quayle with 12.9 ppg and sophomore forward Tai Wesley with 11.9 ppg.
The winner of the Utah State-Marquette game will play the winner of third-seeded Missouri and 14th-seeded Cornell on Sunday.
-Shop by Section
New @ Blog
Subscribe
Subscribers (0)
Find Us on Social Network
Payments Accepted
Have a review for this item? Post your review below:
Managed by Zalehan Selamat | Powered by My1STOP.com.my
© 2006-2015 Carwin Solutions.
All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.St. Paul High School girls basketball coach Robert Miller said the Del Rey League would be a battle and he wasn’t kidding. The Swordsmen lost three nonleague games in 17 attempts, entering last week’s league opener with a stellar 15-3 mark.
Two games into league play and the Swordsmen are 0-2 after a 64-37 defeat at Bishop Amat on Thursday.
Caption: St. Paul head coach Robert Miller in the second half of a CIF prep basketball game as Bishop Amat beat St. Paul 64-37 at Bishop Amat High School on Thursday, January 13, 2011, in La Puente. (SGVN/Staff Photo by Keith Birmingham/SPORTS)
The path doesn’t get much easier for St. Paul (15-5, 0-2) which hosts Bishop Montgomery (13-5, 0-1) next Thursday at 7 p.m.
Here’s the game story – St. Paul not able to keep up with Bishop AmatArticles with keyword "American education"
In Focus
Nina Kemppel Came Home to Lead Alaska Humanities Forum
The humanities have a big impact on Alaskan life.
Conversation
America, Word for Word
Chairman Adams interviews 2015 Jefferson Lecturer Anna Deavere Smith.
Conversation
The Danger of Historical Amnesia
Historian David McCullough talks with NEH Chairman Bruce Cole about how American education has lapsed.A coalition of community organizations is holding an emergency vigil and protest after Arizona Governor Jan Brewer signed into law the most extreme anti-immigrant legislation in the country (SB-1070) on Friday. This disgusting bill legalizes racial profiling, and mandates local law enforcement to check proof of citizenship of anyone they encounter.
10 other states are currently considering similar legislation
We will gather to protest a fundraising event for local religious right outfit the Minnesota Family Council attended by national level republican politicians Mike Huckabee and Governor Tim Pawlenty, who have a long track record of anti immigrant sentiment, to send a strong message to the politicians of Minnesota, and the United States.
WHEN: Monday April 26th 5:00PM
WHERE: The Hilton Hotel 1001 Marquette Ave. S
Join us to say:
• NO to SB1070 and racist laws!
• Boycott Arizona until SB1070 is repealed!
• END racist anti-immigrant policies that unfairly target immigrant workers and families, including 287G!
• Just immigration reform that includes legalization and equal rights for all immigrants NOW!
“The nation is sick. Trouble is in the land. Confusion all around… But I know, somehow, that only when it is dark enough, can you see the stars.”
-Martin Luther King
Ya Basta!
MIRAc, SEIU, La Asamblea, Workers Interfaith Network, and FMLN-M.Top Definition
A program automatically loaded into memory whenever windows is booted, but is unneccisary for operation of the system. Short for "load quicktime manager"
i wanted to free up some RAM, so loadqm was the first to go
1 more definition
2
One of the coolest and underrated forumites in te Gamespot off-topic forums.
Loadqm is cool.December 6, 2007
Matt Carter
TheWolfpacker.com
Last Saturday there was a national title game in the junior college ranks. Butler County Community College in El Dorado, Kan., ended up taking it to Snow Hill College from Ephraim, Utah, prevailing 56-27 to win the NJCAA National Championship for the fifth time.One of the anchors for an offensive line that helped Butler roll up an impressive 529 yards of total offense, including a 223-yard rushing effort by running back Beau Johnson, was left guard Wade Weibert. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inOrange Pear Jam Recipe
5 1
Full of fruity flavor, this delightful jam is a great toast topper. Delores Ward of Decatur, Indiana came up with the recipe when a neighbor gave her an armload of pears. "Everyone really likes it," says Delores.
Ingredients
- 7 cups sugar
- 5 cups chopped peeled fresh pears
- 1 cup crushed pineapple, drained
- 2 tablespoons lemon juice
- 2 packages (3 ounces each) orange gelatin
Directions
- In a Dutch oven, combine sugar, pears, pineapple and lemon juice. Bring to a full rolling boil over high heat, stirring constantly. Reduce heat; simmer 15 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove from heat; stir in gelatin until dissolved.
- Pour into jars or containers; cool to room temperature, about 1 hour. Cover and let stand overnight or until set, but no longer than 24 hours. Refrigerate up to 3 weeks. Yield: about 7 cups.
Originally published as Orange Pear Jam in Country Woman July/August 2003, p40
Reviews for Orange Pear Jam
AVERAGE RATING
MY REVIEW
Please Log In or Join to add a rating and review.
Click stars to rate
Any changes to your rating or review will appear where you originally posted your review
Sort By :
MY REVIEW
Reviewed Sep. 24, 2014
"Soooooooooooooooooooooo good!"
Contains peanuts, sesame, paprika. May contains almonds, cashews, soy and seaweeds.
Added to My List as a guest*.
*Your guest list will be temporarily saved until you end this browser session.
Bhuja Snacks Original Mix -- 7 oz
Oops! Something went wrong and we were unable to process your request. Please try again.
Spice Up Your Life. progress!
Another step forward with the animation - sure, some of the drawings that you've done don't look quite as smooth as they could with your old style, but that's the beauty of Frame By Frame, as more focus is directed towards the drawing side of things and errors there become somewhat obvious.
A little touch up here and there gives you an incredible looking piece that's certainly a great show of what you're up to now for the works that you're creating. If anything, I'm a little disappointed, as this means you're animating less submissions, but the higher quality does certainly make up for it, certainly.
Perhaps a few more voices later in the piece, when the guys are staring in wonder at the land of pizza waffles, just for added ambience. I know that you cut it, but perhaps an indicator of something along the lines of "Okay, so we're going to take a waffle, throw some pizza toppings on it, bang it in the oven and POW! Pizza Waffles!" for an intro, making it really simple and hard hitting. I'm not advocating education for those too slow, more that it would help completion of the piece.
[Review Request Club]
There was actually about 30 seconds of animation that was going to be in the beginning where the guy with the hat faints and the other guy makes a pizza waffle, replete with crazy camera angles. If I had a whole semester to do that, I would've. I only had half that time so I focused on the core of the animation, which is the journey to Waffleland.
This cartoon has some ugly frames in it, no doubt. There's a cleaned up version with MUCH better backgrounds on Youtube called "Pizza Waffles DELUXE" that I uploaded. I'll eventually get around to updating the .swf here, but eh.
My output has slowed to a crawl, but I'm learning a lot more than I used to be. The cartoons are also of generally better quality, but I lost a lot of fans due to the wait and change of styles. Glad you liked it though!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
WAFFLE WAFFLE WAFFL EWAFFLEWAFFLEWZFSFAFS FUCK YOU
WAFFEL FEFEEL WAFFELAFEFALfaLDF FUCK ASS
What are you doing up son it's past your bedtime
Rated 5 / 5 stars
awesome but....
potato waffles beat pizza waffles hands down
You're either with me or against me on this one.
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Lolz
There is no way you can tell me that there weren't any mushrooms in those pizza waffles hahaha.
Winners don't use drugs (tm)
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Wow
Ya know, I think of stuff like this.
That's delicious, but potentially bad for your health.Thomas Morris and Edward Hill
Battle of Cold Harbor
Soldier Group
About The Diary
The diary of Captain Edward Hill conveys the pleasures, hardships, and heroism of a Union soldier who served in the Civil War's climactic showdown in Virginia between the armies of General Ulysses Grant and Robert E. Lee. Hill and his regiment, the 16th Michigan Infantry, took part in many of the Army of the Potomac's key battles, to the theater in Baltimore and Washington. In mid-April 1864 he rejoined his men at their camp near Bealton Station, Virginia, and during the relentless Union offensive of May they took part in the Battles of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania, and North Anna. Hill was wounded near Cold Harbor on June 1, 1864 prior to the Battle of Cold Harbor and would later receive the Medal of Honor for his heroic leadership. The diary continues during Hill's recovery, chronicling his progress and daily visitors while he recuperated at Armory Square Hospital in Washington, D.C..
Maps & Directories
Mailing Address
Saint Mary's College of California
1928 Saint Mary's Road
Moraga, CA 94575
(925) 631-4000
Google Map | Campus Map | PO BoxesCity Corner column: Holiday trash pickup, live Christmas tree pickup
Dec. 25, 2011 at 6:25 a.m.
By Jennifer Sourdellia
Will extra holiday trash be picked up after Christmas? When will live Christmas trees be picked up?
With Christmas behind us, it's time to discard some of that extra holiday trash. The city will pick up extra garbage this week, so gather up of all of those cardboard boxes, packaging, gift boxes, wrapping paper, ribbons, bows, gift bags and holiday cards. Residents should put extra holiday trash in plastic bags, boxes or old trash cans and place them at least 5 feet away from the automated cart by 7 a.m. on your normal trash collection day.
Please note that no yard waste will be picked up with the extra garbage collection. Yard waste collection will resume on Jan. 2. Live Christmas trees will be picked up as yard waste with the yard waste collection starting on Jan. 2. Only live trees will be collected. Please remove the tree stand and all lights and decorations.
For more information, please call the Environmental Services Department at 361-485-3230.
Do I need a permit to build a fence in my yard?
Permits are not required to build a fence on your property. Fences and walls are allowed in any residential yard along the property line, provided that the fence does not exceed eight feet in height. Fences or walls located in front of the front building line shall not exceed three feet in height.
On corner lots, fences and walls shall not encroach on the front or exterior side building lines. Fences constructed of plywood or corrugated steel sheets are not allowed.
For more information, please call the Development Center at 361-485-3320.
I live in the Belltower subdivision. How can I find out who my city council representative is? Also, are the city council meetings and other programming on Vtv15 available online and on-demand?
Most residents in Belltower fall into District 4, which is represented by City Councilman David Hagan. Belltower residents are also represented by Super District 6 City Councilman Tom Halepaska and by Mayor Will Armstrong, who represents the entire city.
To find out who your city council representative is, visit. Scroll down the bottom of the page and click on "Map of City Council Districts." The map will show the various streets and districts. Find your street or neighborhood on the map - there will be a corresponding number. Go back to the city council member page on the website and match the corresponding district number with the representative's district number - this will determine who your city council representative is.
In response to your second question, yes, the city council meetings, parks commission meetings, planning commission meetings and most original programming on Vtv15 are available online at. These programs can be watched at your convenience on your computer, television or mobile device that has Internet access..Painting, but in a way which.
If you think Hedges is over-the-top, keep in mind that – in 1972 - the CIA director relabeled “dissidents” as “terrorists” so hear…. what did the President and Attorney General have to say about this ?
What’s their stand ?
AD
Time to elect politicians who see The Constitution as a guide instead of an obstacle. It’s gotten scary.
This ruling was inevitable. The NDAA has been not only in place, but very probably already been used for indefinate detention. Hedges argued that point when the AG office demanded an immediate stay on the original ruling, saying that the only reason to quickly delay the ruling until appeal would be if the government was already holding folks under that law. Circumstantial evidence, but a logical conclusion.
Chris Hedges is a great journalist, and an inspirational voice speaking truth to power. His articles on TruthDig are morose, to be sure, but they are poignant. His newest book is on my reading list, i I can ever get to it!$25 Shipping When You Purchase 12 Bottles - Click For Details
|
Mobile Site
|
|
|
Your cart:
0
bottles
Advanced search
Search again:
Go
Advanced search
prev
SKU 723638
Robert Foley Vineyards Pinot Blanc 2009
Robert Foley Vineyards - California - United States - Napa Valley
Rated 88- Medium straw color. Flowers and a buttery nuance on the nose. Then dense and sweet on the palate but with firm acidity and a distinctly salty quality giving it definition. Finishes with good persistence. Try this with Asian food. -International Wine Cellar
Additional information »
$16.67
Robert Foley Vineyards Pin Robert Foley Vineyards Pinot Blanc 2009
Winery:
Robert Foley.Every trip to the CO front range would not be complete without at least a one night stay at the St. Julien.
This trip we also visited the spa, which would extremely sleek and a real treat. Also, make sure to reserve the mountain view rooms, they are worth the extra price.
It's like staying in a 4 star mountain resort but down in the eclectic town of Boulder.
Food is fantastic and the lobby music and buzz is always so much fun. My wife and I always enjoy!Arizona Spotlight for April 25, 2014
Have you harvested cholla buds lately?; award-winning Ellington Band from Tucson Jazz Institute travels to NYC; being a gentrifier in oldest Latino neighborhood; author gives Anne Frank's sister life.
Have you harvested cholla buds lately?; award-winning Ellington Band from Tucson Jazz Institute travels to NYC; being a gentrifier in oldest Latino neighborhood; author gives Anne Frank's sister.
Diane and her guests discuss the fact the Supreme Court upheld Michigan's arrimative action ban. Weekdays 9-11 a.m. on NPR 89.1 FM/1550 AM.
Marketplace takes a fresh approach to business news and how it relates to listeners’ daily lives. Weekdays 3:00 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. on NPR 89.1 FM/1550AM
Tuesday, Diane and her guests discuss the rising poverty in America, the causes and consequences. Weekdays 9-11 a.m. on NPR 89.1 FM/1550 AM.
What do you love about your body?; a young Tucsonan wants to qualify for American Olympic skeet shooting team; 23rd AZ International Film Fest; unique approach to understanding English language.
Blogger and advocate Jes Baker asks 'What do you love about your body?'
Mountain View High School senior hopes to land a spot on the team USA's skeet shooting team.
We asked listeners to send us their best coincidence stories. Saturday at Noon and Sunday at 7:00 p.m. on NPR 89.1 FM/1550 AM.
An in-depth exploration of suicide prevention efforts among teens, college students and older Americans. Beginning Monday, April 14th.
Larger ER will accommodate increase in people going to doctor now that they have federally-mandated health insurance.
Film writer Chris Dashiell shares his appreciation for director Stanley Kubrick's classic black comedy on its 50th anniversary.
Author talks about new book on science of food, other things people can swallow; film writer shares appreciation for classic satire marking 50th anniversary.
Watch students from the Greenwood School memorize, practice and recite the Gettysburg Address. Premieres Tuesday, April 15th, at 9 p.m. on PBS 6.]Bethabara membership finds new life, growingcomment (0)
August 24, 2000
By Sue Ann Miller
Members of Sipsey Association’s Bethabara Baptist Church, Northport, have gone from dusting their empty sanctuary pews to ordering more.
It wasn’t that long ago that the 157-year-old church was barely surviving in its rural location in Tuscaloosa County. At one point the church membership had dropped to 13 active members.
Today the church is overflowing — many attendees are young couples with children — and the growth spurt has created the need for a new sanctuary to accommodate the steady rise in membership. Plans are under way for the building of a 400-capacity sanctuary.
Church members credit this phenomenal growth to the leadership of their minister of eight years, Ted Sessoms. According to longtime member and church pianist, Gloyce Skelton, “Our pastor preaches God’s Word uncompromisingly, challenging us to continually study His Word and live closer to Him.”
“Brother Ted brings such conviction through the power of the Holy Spirit that souls are being saved as a result,” said member Sherrye Pruitt. “The news of our growth, the outpouring of God’s spirit and the love we have for one another is spreading through our community and the surrounding counties,” Pruitt added.
Eight years ago Sessoms entered the doors of the small church with 18 members present. “It was my first church and all I knew was to love them and preach God’s Word with power and authority,” the bivocational pastor said of his first year. “At the beginning of this year we asked God to send us 50 souls that we might minister to and love,” Sessoms said. “We have had 38 souls saved and 13 others have moved their letters here. We now set up chairs for the crowd overflow,” he said of his church’s revival.
Bethabara’s oldest member, 88-year-old Thelma Crossland recalls times throughout the last half century when she and her husband and two children would walk five miles one way to attend church and find only one or two members and the preacher in attendance.
“There was a time I was afraid our church wouldn’t survive,” Crossland said. “My husband told me not to worry, that God wasn’t aiming to close these doors,” she noted. “I just wished he could have lived long enough to see the miracles the Lord has done here.”
Comment (0)
Be the first to post a comment.
Post your commentSapphire Radeon HD 5850 TOXIC Video Card - Benchmarks - High Quality AA and AFSapphire has already given the HD 5870 the TOXIC treatment. Today the same happens to the HD 5850.
High Quality AA and AF
Our high quality tests let us separate the men from the boys and the ladies from the girls. If the cards weren't struggling before they will start to now.
Resident Evil 5
With the detail cranked right up including AA and AF, we can see the HD 5850 does fall below that 60 FPS average we want to see. If you look, though, we're not even an FPS away from it.
Far Cry 2
With the detail right up under Far Cry 2 we can see both HD 5800 series cards struggle to break the 30 FPS minimum we want to see.
World In Conflict
Like Far Cry 2, we again struggle with the minimum and getting close to that 30 FPS mark we wantTom Ricketts is swapping rivals. The Penn State offensive tackle has transferred to Pitt, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette reported Wednesday.
"I just signed the papers everything's official," Ricketts told the paper.
"It just wasn't working for me at Penn State. I was homesick. I made the decision to go there when I was 17. I'm just real excited to be back home now and playing for Pitt."
Ricketts is from North Allegheny High. He¹ll have to sit out one year. His father, Tom, was a first-round draft pick of the Steelers in 1989.What is RSS? It's Really Simple Syndication.
Do you have an RSS reader? Have a website about Wide Mouth Mason where you'd like to add updated content about the band but may not have the time to do it yourself? Let us help you! You can add parts of Wide Mouth Mason's sites to an RSS reader or to your website by using the RSS Feeds below. Each RSS feed has with a headline and link back to WideMouthMasonDOTcom for the full story.:.USB Drive Antivirus provides 100% usb antivirus protection against any viruses trying to attack via usb drive. When an USB device is inserted into your computer,USB Drive Antivirus will automatically scan it, block and delete usb and autorun virus.Advertisements.
NavyAntivirus is a small but handy USB virus protection tool that will scan and protect your files. Guards / protects from autorun infection (autorun.
TownScape USB Anti-Virus is a lightweight background anti-virus that was created primarily for Memory Sticks/Memory Cards (But not limited to) that is built on the ideal of not needing to be updated and being different in its operation.
TownScape USB Anti-Virus Focuses on the fact that most viruses infect computers through USB/Flash Drives. The solution is simple: Prevention.
TownScape USB Anti-Virus guards against viruses on USB/Memory Devices without needing to be updated, is lightweight, fast and automated. It eliminates viruses from spreading without even knowing their signatures or what their names are.
USB Security Protection provides 100% protection against any malicious programs trying to attack via USB storage, also provides physical security to USB drives. Supports USB disks..
© 2000-2015 Xentrik.NetPremature ovarian failure (POF) is when a woman's ovaries stop working before she is 40., though many health care providers suggest taking hormones until age 50. According to the International Premature Ovarian Failure Association, between 1 and 4% of women suffer from POF – equivalent to between 250,000 and 1 million women in the USA alone.
A group of researchers have been able to restore ovarian function to rats suffering from POF, which may lead to treating women with POF in the future. The researchers, led byprofessor Osama Azmy of the National Research Center in Cairo, used embryonic rat stem cells (Mesenchymal stem cells - MSCs) to restore ovary function in the experimental rats. Mesenchyme, or mesenchymal connective tissue, is a type of loose connective tissue, located within the embryo . Cells derived from the mesenchyme are capable of developing into a variety of tissues.
They studied 60 mature female rats. The rats were divided into 4 groups. The first group (group 1) was the control group, which was given no treatment. The rest of the rats, groups 2-4, were given a chemical to induce ovarian failure with 15 rats in each group.
Group 2 had ovarian failure, but then was treated with MSC injections. Male Stem cells were used, so that the exact location of the stem cells could subsequently be detected by looking for the presence of a Y chromosome. Group 3 had ovarian failure, and was injected with a saline solution. Group 4 had ovarian failure and was not treated.
The researchers also monitored the levels of FSH (follicle-Stimulating Hormone) and 17β estradiol, to see if hormone levels of the treated rats returned to normal.
Within 2 weeks, the rats in the experimental group had regained fully-functioning ovaries. After 8 weeks, the hormone levels of the rats in the treated group (group 2) were the same as those rats which did not have ovarian failure (group 1). The researchers were able to detect the presence of the MSCs in the ovaries of the rats by confirming the local presence of a Y chromosome.
About the results, Azmy said, “This work shows that Mesenchymal Stem Cells can restore ovarian function..”
This work is presented at IFFS 2010, which is the World Congress on Fertility and Sterility, Munich 12-16 September.
ABSTRACT
"Stem cells restored ovarian function and folliculogenesis in rats following induced Ovarian failure", Azmy O.M., Taha T.F., Ali A., Atta H.
Introduction: Premature ovarian failure (POF) is a heterogenous syndrome affecting 1% of women below the age of 40 years and 0.1% before 30 years. Infertility is a major problem that affects these women and currently no treatment is available that effectively increases fertility. Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) represent a promising tool for new clinical concepts in supporting cellular therapy.
Aim: The aim of this experimental animal study was to explore the therapeutic potency of MSC transplantation for chemotherapy-induced ovarian damage in rats.
Materials and methods: This was a prospective case control experimental animal study. Sixty mature female rats were studied. Fifteen rats served as a control group (group I). 45 rats were injected by intraperitoneal cyclophosphamide (CTX). The study group was subdivided into 3 equal groups (group II, III and IV). Rats of group II were injected intravenously by male MSC, while group III by saline and group IV did not receive any injections. The rats were followed up for eight weeks by daily vaginal smear and biweekly E2 and FSH levels to monitor the ovarian activity. PCR was done to look for sry gene expression and Y chromosome incorporation into the ovarian tissues. Two rats were sacrificed every 2 weeks for histopathological examination for the ovarian tissues.
Results: Ovarian failure was achieved in the study group by two weeks. The hypoestrogenic and hypergonadotropic state was reversed in the group that received MSC injection by the eighth week. There was no statistical difference between group 1 and 2 after 8 weeks of follow up as regards the mean serum FSH (3.60 ± 0.08 mIU/ mL vs. 5.38 ± 0.31 mIU/mL; P=0.1, respectively) and E2 levels (69.71±1.26 vs. 53.5±0.93 pg/mL, P=0.2; respectively) . Also, cytological and Histopathological examinations showed resurrection of ovarian folliculogenesis and corpus luteum formation in group II and such changes were
not observed in the other groups. The (sry) gene expression of the Y chromosome was detected within the ovarian tissues in group II.
Conclusions: stem cells have the power of recovering ovarian function both in its hormonal and follicular development abilities. Our work has proved that this principle is achieved mainly by incorporation of stem cells into the ovarian structure and not merely by the paracrine effect.
Mesenchymal Stem Cells Shown To Restore Non-Functioning Ovaries
By News Staff | September 15th 2010 02:03 PM | 2 comments | Print | E-mail | Track Comments
Two women, one with premature ovarian failure and one with perimenopause had fetal stem cell transplantation done peripherally. After 18 weeks, neither showed signs of ovarian recovery or renewed fertility.
Anonymous (not verified) | 11/30/11 | 00:19 AM
- LinkA day home with sick kids calls for more crafts:
I’ve saved the corks from milk cartons and some jars for a while, not quite knowing what to do with them. But since our daughter is getting more and more interested in games, we decided to make a game of our own. We mixed memory and scavenge hunts (that no time for flash cards often makes and reminds me of but that I haven’t really gotten around to do).
If I had gotten my way, I would only have painted something on the inside of the cork to create a DIY Memory. But since this was team work and a joint effort, we first painted the corks in pairs, and then, during nap time, I hid one of them and they searched for it, brought it back to the starting plate to the other one collecting a pair for themselves. They absolutely loved the search!!!
(We actually made more cork pairs than these but not all where available for a picture)
I was thinking of drawing a map for the older one too but decided nap time is for naps… Come to think of it, training the use of a map may actually work better when we get on our camping trip and we get to hide the corks outside by trees and stones.
Anyway, an easy and pretty relaxing way to spend time with enough variation to keep the younger one (2,5) also focused.
Oh, brilliant! Yeah, sick kids can be tough to entertain, especially when they’re starting to feel better (and bored with being in) but not quite well enough to go out yet. Helps to have some novel activities.
I keep meaning to try geocaching and never getting around to it. If I end up doing any, I’ll let you know :)
Please do tell me how geocatching works, if you get into it!
I still love scavenger hunts… In fact z and I have still been searching for plastic Easter eggs almost every day! It’s so fun to see her face when she finds one, she looks so proud and happy. :)
That’s cute, a prolonged Easter egg hunt :) !
You always have so many fabulous ideas! Have often do you do crafts with the kids? Trying to learn from you on time management! :)
How often I do crafts with the kids varies a lot. Sometimes something every day, sometimes there are weeks without crafts. Most days we at least draw, paint or write. I don’t know about the time management skills though… as I usually take kids to daycare and hubby pics them up, the evening is short: I come home at 5 and around 7 we get ready for evening story and bed on daycare nights (sooo early!!!). With meals and baths too I find the time very scarce, but I try to be completely present that time; no phone (unless we play together) and no internet (due to this it’s taken me 2 months to find time to call a friend.. :( ) but I prefer to do crafts than e.g. play with cars or Barbies. We try to keep cooking and cleaning in moderation during that time; partly I believe it’s good the kids see we do house chores and that they participate in them, partly I don’t want to spend the whole evening sharing my attention with chores too. So often after their bedtime the vacuum cleaner comes out and I prepare for simple meals for the next day. At the moment it helps that hubby works reduced hours (30hrs/week) due to small kids, which means he is home 1 day a week and often eg shops and does laundry for the week. But that fun ends mid June. We’ll see how we do next year, hope our kids wouldn’t be quite so tired after daycare. It’s all a balancing act, isn’t it?
You are amazing to do crafts so often. I hope I can but there are so many things to do, plus the 2 elder 2 kids are now in school and it’s exam week this week. I just wish for it to be over and start my crafts again. I haven’t been doing crafts for quite some time. I like it that your crafts are so simple and do not take much time, it’s easy and not many materials. Simple craft work would be more manageable. Thanks for sharing your after work schedule and motivating me again. I shall think about what to do after the kids’ exams :)
It must be even harder to manage the time with kids in different ages and with school work! But yes, crafts in the evening definitively need to be simple and fast in order to be enjoyable for everyone ;)
Btw, you had a good post with great ideas on how to thank teachers or something like that. What was it called? Can’t find it now but ideas would be welcome :)
The teacher’s day gift box is not exactly a from scratch craft work, but easy for working mums :)
These 2 should be simple for your kids :)
Thanks for the links! I’ve forgotten about the salt art even though I thought I’d definitively do it when you first wrote the post. Will be great for a card, hopefully I’ll manage to try it with a work trip coming up…
We tried doing a box out of ice cream sticks a while ago, but my kids where too small to finish it. Maybe I should try again though? That paper clip jar is a good idea too. We decided to give a shopping bag witht he apple prints, could be nice if we’d decorate a jar to fold it in. we’ll see… Thanks!
What a great idea – and I bet they loved it even more because they got to decorate them!
I hope so :)
They’ll be geo-caching next. (I say that like I really know what it is) ;)
Yeah, I’ll tell you when they’ve taught me what exactly it is… I think it involves technology, so I’m always a few years behind everybody else ;)The Local Church is a term referring to the religious organization based on the teachings of its Chinese founder, Witness Lee (1905-1997). They adopt no public name and among themselves use only the terms "Lord's recovery" or "local churches" as descriptions of what they are, not official designations. Local groups legally incorporate under the term "The Church in" followed by the official name of the municipality and can be found in phone books thus. While the "local church" teaches that the Bible is God inspired, generally only the Recovery Version is used in their meetings, along with other publications from the Living Stream Ministry. The Recovery Version, a study Bible, includes outlines, cross-references and extensive footnotes written by Witness Lee on almost every page. A main principle of interpretation used by Witness Lee and reflected in the footnotes is to use the Bible to interpret the Bible.
Christian writers and watchdog organizations view the teachings of this group as departing from Christian orthodoxy, although its adherents contend they are merely misunderstood and quoted out of context. The essential teaching of the group is Witness Lee's doctrine of mingling, which is usually defended with a saying borrowed from Athanasius, "God became man that man could become God." Witness Lee argued that believers would become God himself, using Psalm 82:6, "Ye are Gods," in support. However, Athanasius intended that the true Christian was being restored to the image of God as God originally created man in the garden of Eden that is, each Christian is one soul of breath and dust, spirit and flesh (Gen. 2:7) glorifying God.
Contents
- 1 Brief History
- 2 Mingling
- 3 Criticisms
- 4 Notes
- 5 External links
Brief History
Adherents of The Local Church claim its beginning in the teachings of Christian teacher and author, Watchman Nee (1903-1972) who ministered in China, and whose followers were called by some western missionaries "The Little Flock" (the name of their hymnal). In 1952 he was imprisoned for his faith and he remained in prison until his death in 1972. While Watchman Nee was in prison on mainland China, he never corroborated Lee's claims that he had been Nee's coworker or was his successor to the leadership of the Little Flock.
In 1962, Witness Lee came to the United States claiming to bring the teachings of Watchman Nee. It was in the U.S. that Lee's followers subsequently became known as "The Local Church" or "The Lord's Recovery." Much controversy derived from Lee's leadership and peculiar teachings.
In keeping with their unofficial designation, they believe and teach that local churches include all of the believers in their respective cities. All the adherents, and only adherents, in a given city comprise "the local church" in that city,and all Christians meeting elsewhere are apostate.
Mingling
Witness Lee taught that his adherents could be changed from man to God through a process he called mingling. As the process took place, the two natures of man and God would mix together, producing a God-man hybrid like Jesus, according to Lee. This teaching is usually justified by a saying of Athanasius of Alexandria, an early church father, that "God became man that man could become God."
In point of fact however, Athanasius specifically ruled out the possibility of mingling the natures of God and man in Jesus Christ. For example, regarding Jesus Christ the Athanasian Creed reads, Unus omnino, non confusione substantiae, sed unitate personae, meaning "One altogether, not by mingling of the natures, but by the unity of Person." Confusione (< Latin confundere) literally means "pouring together, mixing, mingling; joining together,"^[1]^ which is exactly the way that Witness Lee defines his doctrine of "mingling".^[2]^^[3]^
Thus ironically, Athanasius refuted the doctrine of mingling as dangerously heretical as early as the 4th century.
Criticisms
 come:1-8)." ^[4]^
Notes
- ? Etymology of confused.
- ? Witness Lee, One Body, One Spirit, and One New Man, (Anaheim, CA: Living Stream Ministry, 1992), 8-9. Google Books.
- ? Witness Lee, Christ as the Reality, (Anaheim, CA: Living Stream Ministry, 1982), 115-116. Google Books.
- ? The Local Church at Watchman Fellowship, Index of Cults and Religions. Retrieved 12/28/2009.
External links
Christian websites
- Summaries of doctrines, rituals, and history of the Local Church
- Harvest House Christian Publishers
- Encylcopedia of Cults and New Religions
- Witness Lee's God-Talk
- Witness Lee's Mingling
- Witness Lee's Local Church (The Recovery Movement)
- Man Becoming God as Explained by Witness Lee and the "Lord's Recovery", by Justyn M.
- Essay about dysfunctional churches that harm their members
- Six Major Teachings, by Troy Brooks
- Analysis of Local Church Statements regarding the Godhead, by Alan W. Gomes101 Ways to Show Your Wife you Care
101 Ways to Show Your Wife that You Love Her
-!
10. WHISPER IN HER EAR Get close to your wife and whisper those sweet words of love in her ear. Try whispering something about your private love life in the middle of a public place and watch her blush!..
21. COMPLIMENT HER Everyone needs a compliment now and then, but many wives need a little extra reassurance to make sure that she’s still special in your eyes. A compliment won’t cost you anything, but for your wife, it could be priceless!
22. BUY HER A FEMININE GIFT Buy your wife a gift that will make her feel feminine, like her favorite perfume, or a pretty night gown.!
33. GIVE HER A MASSAGE Grab the oil and lotion, then grab your wife! Give her a full body massage and help her relax. (Try to at least get past her shoulders before moving on to “other things).”
34. PLAY A GAME TOGETHER Bring out the board games or play a game of tennis. Playing a game together can help keep the two of you close. If she beats you, admit it. Don’t say, “Oh, I just let you win.”
35. CALL IF YOU’RE GOING TO BE LATE Don’t make your wife worry about you, or let dinner get cold. Take out 5 minutes to phone her if you see you’re going to be late.
36. WASH THE DISHES FOR HER You don’t have to clean the whole house, but just doing one chore such as the dishes once in a while, or at least cleaning up after yourself, will help her out a lot.
37. PICK HER FLOWERS OK, you’ve sent her flowers, but why not pick some wildflowers yourself? Stop the car and pick some by the roadside, then gently tuck one behind your wife’s ear and kiss her neck.
38. TAKE HER TO A ROMANTIC PLAY Skip the movie and head out to a theatrical play. If there’s not a good romantic one showing, find one with some good, clean humor.
39. PLAY A KISSING GAME Lock lips and see who can hold out the longest!
40. GIVE HER A NIGHT OFF Watch the kids while she heads out to shop for awhile. Throw in a few extra bucks so that she can buy herself something special.
41. DON’T MENTION HER WEIGHT No matter what size your wife may be, bringing up her weight is definitely a no no.
42. DONT ARGUE OVER FINANCES If money gets tight, be very careful not to argue or shift blame. Together, and in a business-like fashion, explore ways that you can pay off your debts. If things spin out of control, consider financial counseling. Your marriage is worth more than money...
53..
54. GIVE HER LOTS OF CUDDLE TIME Wives like to be cuddled and kissed without sex sometimes. Try sitting in front of a campfire or lay under the stars and just take your time.
55..
56. BE FORGIVING If your wife should do something that offends you, be quick to forgive. Holding hard feelings can ruin a marriage. Let her know in a heartfelt way how she made you feel, then let it go.
57..
58. BE CLEAN AND NEAT Keep yourself groomed, clean, and smelling nice.
59. PROVIDE SECURITY Let your wife feel secure in your love without worrying if you will still love her from day to day.
60. FIND OUT WHAT HER NEEDS ARE SEXUALLY Your wife’s sexual needs sometimes vary a great deal from yours. Find out how and where she likes to be touched, and what she expects from sex, and try to fill her needs.
61. HELP OUT WHEN SHE DOESN’T FEEL WELL If your wife is sick or has just had a bad day, try helping with her household duties and with the kids. Make sure she can get plenty of rest.
62. DON’T COMPARE HER IN A NEGATIVE WAY Don’t say things like, “You gripe just like your Aunt Thelma.” Comparison often hurts self esteem.
63. TAKE HER ON WEEKEND TRIPSTake your wife to a romantic resort for the weekend. If your budget’s a little tight, consider checking into a hotel, even if it’s local, so the two of you can get away from the familiar and just enjoy each other.
64. BE VERBAL WHEN MAKING LOVE When making love, describe aloud and in detail each thing that you do and how it makes you feel. This will greatly arouse your wife, as well as let her know that she’s meeting your needs.
65. SHOP FOR A GIFT TO SHARE Go shopping for something that you’ll both enjoy together. Get a great CD, massage oils, or anything that you’ll both like.
66. ENCOURAGE HER TO FOLLOW HER DREAMS If your wife has dreams and goals that she would like to accomplish, be her best cheer leader. Support her as she endeavors to reach them.
67. BE KIND AND COURTEOUS Treat your wife as you would expect her to treat you. Treat her with dignity and be courteous at all times.
68. PASS GAS IN THE BATHROOM If you must pass gas, go to the bathroom. Don’t do it to annoy her, or burp at the table. It’s not as funny as you think it is – as a matter of fact, it’s not funny at all.
69. FLIRT WITH YOUR WIFE Don’t stop flirting with her just because you’re married. Do it now more than ever to keep that spark! Wink at her from across the room, whistle at her, or give her “that look.” Watch her cheeks turn rosy.
70..
71. TAKE A WALK Go for a long walk through a park or take a moonlight stroll. Hold hands while you walk.
72..
73. SET UP A SLIDE SHOW Pick out special photo memories from the time that you were dating to the present. Create a slide show with music. This is something that you can do together and can help keep you close.
74. DON’T RUSH SEX While the two of you are in the middle of the wonderful marital gift of sex, be careful not to rush it. Let your wife know that you’re loving her, not just the moment.
75. DON’T BELITTLE HER OPINIONS If your wife has an opinion or an idea, thank her, and let her know that her thoughts are valuable. Don’t act like her ideas are unintelligent or crazy.
76..
77..
78. REMINISCE YOUR WEDDING NIGHT Women like to remember special times. Bring up your wedding night and how it felt to have sex for the first time. Talk about your high school graduations or the day your kids were born.
79. MAKE HER LATE FOR BREAKFAST Wake her up by kissing her! Not only will this be a pleasant way to wake up, but she just might keep you there through breakfast!
80. MAKE A JOURNAL Start on her birthday or Christmas and write a love note or something special to your wife everyday for a year. At the end of the year, present it to her as a gift.
81. GIVE HER A NICKNAME Give her your own special name, like “Beautiful” or “Angel.”
82. HAVE YOUR PHOTO MADE WITH HER Go have a professional, up-to-date photo done of the two of you. Try romantic scenes such as a park or waterfall.
83. GO ON A SECOND HONEYMOON Remember how special your honeymoon was? Take another one, and try to make it better than the first.
84. START A HOBBY TOGETHER Find a hobby that you both enjoy, such as horse back riding or tennis. Do it together as often as you can to help stay close.
85. HELP HER UNDRESS Help your wife with the buttons or snaps. Caress her gently as you help remove her clothing. Do it slowly, piece by piece.
86. SHOW HUMILITY Don’t get a big head and think that you can’t be touched with a ten foot pole. You wife wants you to be confident, but don’t think that you’re the master of all.
87. PROTECT HER Look after your wife making sure that she’s not in any situations where she could be harmed physically or emotionally. This even includes verbal abuse from cantankerous family members. Always be quick to stand up for her in any given situation.
88..
89. BE HER BEST FRIEND Be there for your wife at all times and in every situation. Let her feel confident enough to share anything with you.
90.? JUST SAY THE WORDS Tell your wife everyday, several times a day, that you love her.
When is the best time to tell your wife how much you love her ? …… Before someone else does ……Re: Anti Spyware
- From: "philo" <philo@xxxxxxxxxxx>
- Date: Sun, 22 Mar 2009 11:41:45 -0500
"Macc" <maccdee@xxxxxxxxxxxxxx> wrote in message
news:0fydnd0CfquTzFvUnZ2dnUVZ8reWnZ2d@xxxxxxxxx
"Big_Al" <BigAl@xxxxxx> wrote in message
news:Ov2WWcuqJHA.4996@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Macc said this on 3/22/2009 5:43 AM:
HelloI have ZoneAlarm not so much as its a great firewall, but I like the
Which antispyware is recommended by this ng please? ATM I'm using
Windows Defender, Spybot, AdAware & Malwarebytes. I Also use Zone Alarm
Free & AVG Free AE which notifies me of tracking cookies etc.
Running all the time is Spybot Tea Time & Defender.
Do I need all these?
Macc
outbound notification it offers, especially when I'm testing new
software.
I also have AVG 8.5 Free A/V program. Don't know what AVG AE is.
And Defender.
I run Malwarebytes now and then, and CCleaner to clear out cookies. I
like CCleaner cause you can set aside cookies that you don't want
deleted. TVGuide's tv provider is a setting I like to keep :-)
Thanks. I do have CC Cleaner which I use every now & again. The Version
of AVG which I'm using is 8.0. A senior moment, I'm afraid, re "AE"
which is the Anniversary Edition of AdAware not AVG.
Macc
I found a real nice time saver called Cookie Monster (it's freeware)
You can configure it to keep the few cookies you may need...
then in a matter of seconds delete all tracking cookies.
I've noticed that if one surfs prudently, after a long search,
most of those adware utilities just end up removing tracking cookies anyway
.
- Follow-Ups:
- Re: Anti Spyware
- From: Macc
- References:
- Anti Spyware
- From: Macc
- Re: Anti Spyware
- From: Big_Al
- Re: Anti Spyware
- From: Macc
- Prev by Date: DISK CLEANUP Program won't run.
- Next by Date: Re: updattes, critical of not?
- Previous by thread: Re: Anti Spyware
- Next by thread: Re: Anti Spyware
- Index(es):Here at Review Centre we work hard to make sure we are the best place on the internet for honest, unbiased consumer reviews - we are grateful for your help in keeping us that way!
Written on: 22/10/2013
Got this O'Neill Youth Skins Rash Vest in Smoke / Lime in ultra quick time and at a great price and to quote 'it's really cool'.Treating ADHD: Learning More
Before you can help your child, you must understand what ADHD is. Although ADHD is not a learning problem, it can interfere with learning. With the proper help, your child will find it easier to learn both at school and at home.
Learning about ADHD.
Learning with ADHD
Except in rare cases, there is nothing wrong with the intelligence of a child with ADHD. To make learning easier, work with your child’s teacher. Share the tips for teachers below. Keep in mind, federal law supports your child’s right to receive the help he or she needs.
Parent’s role
Here are some ways you can help your child:
Stay informed. Read about ADHD. Join a local ADHD parent support group.
Reassure your child that ADHD is not his or her fault.
Request a teacher who can help your child. Stay in touch.
Create a tidy, quiet study space for your child at home.
Teacher’s role
Here are a few tips the teacher can try:
Seat the child near the front of the room, away from any distractions such as windows or noisy radiators.
Find the best way to “reach and teach” the child. Use tape recorders, computers, or games if they promote learning.
Encourage the child to pursue favorite subjects. Offer special projects to boost self-esteem.
Child’s role.Today my husband decided to to take a break from working on RV's in his New Shop, and built me something that I Truly Love my own part of Seattle, A Snowy Space Needle!!!
Snowy Space Needle
Snowy Seattle Space Needle
By: harleyvaderSubscribe Channel: Holiday Location: Lake Stevens, WA
+ Comment!
This story is inappropriate and should be flagged for moderation. Please choose from one of the following options:
You pay 20% of the Medicare-approved amount.
Medicare will only cover your enteral infusion pump if your doctor or supplier is enrolled in Medicare. If a supplier doesn't accept assignment, Medicare doesn't limit how much the supplier can charge you. You may also have to pay the entire bill (your share and Medicare's share) at the time you more than.
Find a Medicare contract supplier..VISIT DENVER is the premier source of information about Denver's hot spots, visitor attractions, cultural events, hotels, and more. For a comprehensive listing of things to do in Denver, visit
Public art, theatre rentals, entertainment, and more.
Week of May 27, 2013: Consent Agenda & Meeting Schedule
Please note:
The Denver City Council will not meet Monday. 27, 2013 due to Memorial Day.
During the week of May, 27, 2013 Denver City Council will not conduct meetings due to an ordinance.
At the request of the applicant, it is Denver City Council’s intent to postpone a public hearing for CB13-0156 on Monday, May 20, 2013.
Please note there will be a 15 minute public comment period during the Government & Finance Committee on Wednesday, May 22, 2013.
Week of May 13, 2013: Agendas & Meeting Schedule
Please note: The Government & Finance Committee Meeting on Wednesday, May 15, 2013 is canceled. The Special Issues: National Western Stock Show Committee on Monday May 20, 2013 is canceled.
Week of May 25, 2015
Week of May 18, 2015 -- Meeting agendas and schedule
Week of February 9, 2015 -- Meeting agendas and scheduleTeaching new board games to your family
As you can tell from this website, most of our board game playing is with our family. We love it when we can take some time to sit down and play games together. But doing so doesn’t come without its challenges. And one of the biggest challenges in a family game setting is the variety of ages you’re faced with.
One of the first issues to deal with is selecting games that work well for your family size and the age ranges of the members of your family. The good news is that there are a lot of games that can fit the bill – you can see a number of them on our Family Favorites page.
The next challenge when you’re playing games with your family will be teaching the games to your children. We think this is one of the main reasons families don’t try a lot of new games and instead stick with just playing the same old games over and over.
So what are some good ways to teach new games to your kids?
Over the last few years, we’ve added a lot of new games to our game library. And we’ve had a great time doing so because we’ve been able to play so many fantastic games that we now love. But every time we get a new game, we’re faced with the same challenge – learning and teaching a new game to the kids.
- Get familiar with the game: The first thing we need to mention is that to teach a game to your kids, it’s best if you’re familiar with the game first. We don’t know many kids who like to listen to people read a rulebook to them. Take time in advance to figure the game out for yourself.
- Take baby steps: Even though your first impressions will be to set up the whole game first, a lot of times this may overwhelm kids. We’ve found that the best approach is to introduce elements of the game little by little so each can be digested better.
Establish goals: Start with the objective of the game and tie it to the theme: A lot of what gets kids interested in a game is the theme. So always start with what they’re trying to accomplish. Using an example from the board game Abandon Ship: “You want to save your rats from sinking with the ship. The more rats you get to the top of the ship, the more points you’ll get.”
- Show the way: Describe how you go about accomplishing your objectives. Most of the time this will include how you move or the options you have to gain things. “You roll the dice and pick one of the colored dice to use. Then move that colored rat in the way the dice shows.”
- Highlight speed bumps: Explain what problems may get in their way. Most games include elements that will hinder your ability to reach your goal. Show what to watch out for. “After each round, the ship is going to sink, so watch out for your rats near the bottom levels.”
- Helping hand: When learning a new game, everyone should expect plenty of discussion. Talk through what’s happening as people take their turns. Ask questions as you go through the first few rounds to make sure everyone understands what’s happening.
- Don’t play for keeps: To us, family game time is about fun and not winning. We can enjoy the challenges that games present and strive to do our best every time. But don’t get bent out of shape with the outcome of the game – especially the first time you play a game. Even if you have a competitive family, the first time playing a new game shouldn’t be about winning.
And if none of that works – just pull up one of our videos and hopefully it will help you learn enough of the game to get you started.
We hope these tips help you introduce more fun board games and card games to your family. The larger variety of games they get exposed to, the more you’ll find them asking to play a game with you. And we think that’s a very fine way to strengthen your relationships.
And if you’d like to get some additional ideas about how to teach games to your young children (5 and under), take a look at the article on Growing Up Gamers about Teaching Games to Kids. It’s a great article and offers some great ideas of how to start at the very basics.
What strategies work well for teaching your family how to play a new game?
- Why do you play games?
- Best new family board games of 2010
- 10 Must-Have family board games
- How to introduce board games to new players
- Board games teach life’s important lessons
Great article, Trent! And thank you for the shout-out! This post is even spell-checked.
Wiz Khalifa kills a red carpet, Ty Burrell tries to be a cool dad, and Adrien Grenier shows you how to... more >
10 Essentials
10 Essentials: Jean-Philippe Delhomme
The artist and writer on the best radio show for discovering music, his favorite vintage camera, and more."According to ESPN News, Chris Schwinden who vacated one of the two roster spots that need to be opened for the promotion of right-handed reliever Elvin Ramirez and activation of catcher Josh Thole from the disabled list.
Schwinden was placed on waivers by the Mets on Thursday,.Commissioned Release #34
Commissioned & Edited by: Ryoma
Props to Ryoma for attempting this one. The whole thing was nothing but text written over the background, so I’m sure it was very difficult to edit. The results are not the prettiest, but you gotta give credit to the man for trying his best.
The scenario here involves a dirty old man teaching a little girl how to swim, which he uses as the perfect opportunity to corrupt and make the mother and daughter into his sex slaves.
A media fire link is here:
My god, even though the art for this is so off, I fapped myself fucking dry over this when I first saw it (raw).
I’m pretty ecstatic that I can find out how generic and/or bad the dialog is, heh.
Thanks for the release.
NIIIICE! I have been looking years for a translated version of “Akatsuki Giken’s” work! This is great!
cool release keep the good work up ^^ its just awesome
Nice art, great translation, good job overall.
Could you translate some more of “Akatsuki Giken’s” fantastic creations? Pleeeeease! It’s a bunch of them out there.
A few other works of Akatsuki Giken were commissioned and translated for Ryoma, but I don’t think he edited these. The edits are very laborious, difficult, and time consuming because almost all of the text is written directly over the background, so please understand.
My god! you guys should post MORE translated akatsuki Giken works.
Keep up the good work!
i would love more of akatsuki giken’s wonderful erotic art pieces to be translated, especially mama dokusobe or in niku juku haha! those are so great!
Anything would be great! Everything is packed full of hands grabbing those huge women-asses and letting the fingers sink deep into the soft flesh!
Finally Akatsuki Giken translated? Thanks, you guys rock.
God Job!
Good Job!
Finally akatsuki giken! Thank you
Must learn Japanese for this one. LOLPark City, UT, Santa Fe, NM, Philadelphia, PA (PRWEB) January 31, 2014
Jewelry artist David Forlano joined his wife, Debrianna Mansini, at the Sundance Film Festival for the world premiere of the film, "Drunktown's Finest." Mansini was cast in a supporting role for the film directed by Sydney Freeland and executive produced by Robert Redford. Many of the “A” list celebrities were seen dressed down in jeans, plaid shirt or a ski cap while Forlano and Mansini wore some of the best American handmade finery. Forlano provided some of the most spectacular necklaces and jewelry made by his collaborative artistic duo with Steve Ford -Ford/Forlano. Morning-Star Angeline, star of "Drunktown's Finest," and contemporary portrait artist Robbi Firestone also sported Ford/Forlano at the festival. Firestone was seen wearing Ford/Forlano's signature Big Bead Necklace and a pair of button earrings. A selection of images taken at the red carpet event can be seen in the Getty Images library online for Morning-Star Angeline and Debrianna Mansini both wearing work by Ford/Forlano. For the world premiere of the film, Mansini wore "shell" earrings and a pebble cascade necklaces. Angeline wore a pair of "shell" earrings.
In addition to the unique jewelry of Ford/Forlano, Mansini also wore clothing by Santa Fe designers Atelier Danielle and Elven Velvet and shearling coats by Cindy Spolek. Forlano wore shirts by Frittelli and Lockwood, a scarf by Amy Putansu and a shearling coat by Cindy Spolek.
"We had no idea what to expect. The town of Park City, Utah blooms with creativity as the movie industry moves in for two weeks and we wanted to make a splash," says Forlano. "Park City's Main street is packed with people and celebrities of the independent film industry. At times, it was obvious there was a star nearby when people like Kurt Russell and Bob Odenkirk were on the street and gracious enough to stick around for photos. Other moments were more down to earth and it felt like I was not looking at a hologram of a famous person but just a person I recognize, like a family member or friend."
The work of Ford/Forlano is in the permanent collections of eight museums including the Philadelphia, Craftboston at the Cyclorama, and the American Craft Council show in Baltimore..Archive
space.
comic books, environment design, space opera
space opera: Cygnus Lake
Character sketch of one of the leads. Originally she was written as a cyborg, but reading over the script I don’t know that it really adds anything to the story.
character design, comic books, space opera
remixed piece
Pardon the forthcoming mental diarrhea.
One of the things I’ve always tried to do with concept design work is to provide as clear a read as possible. To me, this has meant eliminating extra (unnecessary) information, clarifying the intent of the design as much as possible, with the idea that the main purpose is to guide someone else in creating a 3D asset. In that kind of mind set, the concept art is not the end, but simply one step along the way to the end. It’s a documentation of the desired end product, but it is not the product itself.
Illustration is a different kind of thing. As the one holding the pencil (or brush, stylus, whatever your deal is), that thing you’re creating is the end product. That being the case, a clear, efficient read isn’t necessarily always a requirement. Meaning, you’re no longer writing a visual instruction manual for someone else to build something.
Good art seems to be about being different things to different people – depending on what’s going on inside your head, what you get emotionally from a piece of art will be different from what the person next to you gets out of it. I’ve always tried to maximize the “signal to noise” ratio in my concept art. See that stuff about “clear read” above. In illustration, it may be that “noise” can be made into “signal.” By having many layers, textures, noise – there are more opportunities for meaning to arise from the art. Not necessarily “meaning” in terms of what the artist intended, but that might come from the act of a viewer looking at a piece of art and responding emotionally to patterns, lines or forms in ways that only that particular person can.
In the past I’ve made the comparison between concept artists and actors. Some concept artists approach their work similarly to good character actors. They are able to suppress their own voice in order to play a role that best supports the project they are working on, and you are never really conscious of CONCEPT ART. Same way that really good visual effects are not obvious, or how a lot of times it’s difficult to remember the names of those good character actors. These concept artists are able to design appropriately for any time period, genre, mood, etc. Other concept artists are more like blockbuster movie stars. They do a certain thing really well, are well known for it and are hired to do that thing on someone’s project. As in movies, there’s definitely a market for those guys too.
As a concept artist, I’ve always strived for the character actor route, which means I’ve always attempted to eliminate any individual mannerisms or idiosyncracies in my art as much as possible, in pursuit of that “clear read,” and to serve the project. Of course, as much as you try you’ll never completely eliminate those personal artistic twitches. As an illustrator, I want to figure out exactly what those things are, and bring them back and refine them in my illustration work.
So all that verbiage was meant to set up this image, which is a remix of a digitally painted sketch from several months ago. My formative years as an artist (starting from say age two to about age 28) were spent with pencil and paper, and I think that a good portion of my artistic “voice” comes from that pencil, paper and linework equation.
character design, sketches, space opera
space opera: Federation Outpost Docking Bay
space opera: Planetary Federation Outpost
space opera: Uvei Mortis’ Battle Cruiser
space opera: Todd Almeida & Nathan Masato
Two of the main heroes in the story.
character design, sketches, space opera
space opera: translight jump
Hm OK I’m not sure I’m calling this done. My judgment is not 100% this time of night, but here it is for now…
space opera, vehicle design
space opera: Uvei Mortis…
character design, sketches, space operaBy James Myers
FAIRFIELD, Calif. (KTXL/CNN) - A California family is fighting with a hunter over its 800 pound, pet pig's corpse.
The hunter apparently shot the farm animal after it wandered from home.
The Sales family fell in love with an 800 pound pig.
"You know, it is only a pig, but when you live on a farm, your animals are like your dogs. And he was, Rufus was part of the family," said owner Amber Sales.
For nine years Rufus had the run of the Fairfield family's yard.
"He was such a member of the family that when my father-in-law passed away about six or seven years ago, he was listed in the obituary as being his pet," said Sales.
But then the unthinkable happened last week. Rufus got loose and wandered into an area where sportsmen can legally hunt wild pigs.
The 800 pound pet was shot and killed.
"When we contacted the hunters, they said they would make arrangements to return the pig, but that never happened," said Sales.
She doesn't like to think of what could have happened to Rufus' remains.
"I can't imagine someone eating him. I mean just the thought of him at the dinner table. Let alone, he's eight or nine years old, that can't be tasting very good. And there was even talk about them possibly trying to mount the pig. I can't see the point of why they would want to mount someone's pet," said Sales.
The family says they just want some closure and to put this and Rufus to rest.
"We're a hunting family and I would be mortified if I killed someone's pet. I would make every effort to return it or replace it. And in this case we weren't asking for it to be replaced, we were just asking for it to be returned," said Sales.
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsSomerset, PA (PRWEB) February 25, 2014
Jenny Products, Inc. introduces its GC5A-60V single-stage air compressor, featuring a 60-gallon vertical air tank and an industrial-grade 5-horsepower motor. Designed for long-lasting, reliable performance, the compressor is ideal for use in a variety of shops.
The GC..
Options include constant run control, dual control, a low-oil switch, oil sight glass, air lubricator, aftercooler and dryer. In addition to the GC5A-60V, Jenny Products offers a full line of stationary air compressors with a wide variety of tank sizes, CFM outputs and pressure ratings..Everyone.
Even if nVidia and ATI could release drivers directly for Mac OS X the reality is that OpenGL is implemented by Apple as to ensure the same sort of consistency as one observes with DirectX. The reason why DirectX took off was because developers no longer wnated to deal with vendor specific buggy OpenGL implementations - where hours are wasted debugging code that works wonderfully on one vendors OpenGL implementation but not another. Then add another layer of nVidia ceasing the support of older hardware so you've possible got older OpenGL implementations floating around that you've got to test against as well.
Compare that mess to Mac OS X where there is a single implementation that works across the board - sure, it doesn't have insane optimisations like what a hardware vendor offers but from a programmers perspective it is one less thing to be concerned about in the larger grand scheme of things. Rather than debugging for different OpenGL implementations more time can be spent enhancing what they're working on..
AFAIK most of the openGL functionality in OSX (that is drivers and libs) are provided by the vendors to Apple,which then chooses what goes in and how; this is also partially why apples openGL is slower (they don't pick all the optimizations. So in effect it really is the same thing. Either way there is very little/no difference in the way openGL is used by application programmers (that is the point of OGL) just how well the manufacturers implement ogl functionality.
Edited 2011-02-26 17:25 UTC makes use of GDC
Linux does:...
Or are you now going to argue that Linux is not UNIX certified?
Edited 2011-02-25 10:13 UTC
Well seeing as opengl is an abstraction from the hardware it couldn't be any other way. Add that to the fact that different vendors have differing levels of ogl prowess and driver capability, that being Nvidia>Amd>Intel.
Not sure of that. Unless OpenGL is a perfect 1:1 copy of the hardware's instruction set, there's some amount of algorithms in there, which are independent from the hardware being used and would benefit from being taken out of drivers. In fact, I bet this amount of algorithms is quite large, because I don't think people would use OpenGL if it was just a portable version of assembly
Can't OpenGL implementations probe hardware to check what is supported and do with that ? Exposé,."
Again, something that should have been done since 10.4 (10.3 only had Exposé). AirDrop: This is a feature that every OS should have contained since the '80s
Oh I do not think sharing over wireless would be that possible in '80s! The wired connection was still not common in those days! Otherwise, the world would be totally different by now
About Autosave: I think the point is that OS will support by itself a way to implement autosave so developers ever need to implement their own every time. I hope it would be simply a matter of supplying the data to some kind of API call.
About FileVault: Still MS Windows' file/disk encryption does not work on other OS. To share between different platforms you should use instead third party utility.. You could also use archive utility to encrypt anyway. Some of them AFAIK support AES too. (I am not really sure. So correct me if I am wrong)
Actually people was demanding for the dock to go away?
Oh I do not think sharing over wireless would be that possible in '80s! The wired connection was still not common in those days! Otherwise, the world would be totally different by now.
Got the same problem as you and the solution was quite simple (although not so easy to find). Go to ~/Library/Application\ Support/AppStore. Open manifest.plist expand until you see a line with "failed" and change the value from yes to no... Worked like a charm here. Posting this reply from lion
For a better experience, switch to Mobile Version »
(Australia 22 Apr 1911 – 27 Jul 1992)
recto: 28.0 x 24.0 cm image; 29.3 x 25.0 cm sheet
verso: 30.0 x 25.6 cm image/sheet
Use Art Sets to create your own gallery – for yourself or to share. You can save artworks, videos, audio files and blog posts, and add your own text and images.\pee-AY-troos\
Mickael Pietrus (Air France) ▪ Twitter: @MickaelPietrus
Position: Small Forward and Shooting Guard and Point Guard ▪ Shoots: Right
Height: 6-6 ▪ Weight: 215 lbs.
Promote your website or business by sponsoring this page for $20 on Basketball-Reference.com. Your message will replace this ad.
Click to show advanced options: [+]VOTERS WHO READ the voters information pamphlet they got in the mail may notice that something is missing.
Assembly candidate Marc Levine's 250-word statement is in the top-left corner of the page. The rest of the page is blank.
There's no statement from Assemblyman Michael Allen.
The two Democrats are opponents in the Nov. 6 race for Marin's seat in the Assembly.
It's not that Allen couldn't afford the $1,587 it would have cost him to include his statement in the pamphlet.
Allen has already spent more than $835,656 in his campaign to win the seat.
It's what else he would have had to give up.
In order to have a candidate's statement printed, Allen would have had to promise to spend less — a lot less.
In order to qualify to have a statement in the voters pamphlet, candidates for state office have to promise to hold their spending under $400,000 during the primary and $700,000 during the general election. The rule forces candidates to decide whether they can or need to raise and spend more to win. And whether that's worth not being in the handbook.
Allen decided being able to raise and spend more was more valuable than having 250 words in the pamphlet sent to all registered voters. Raising money hasn't been a challenge thanks to support from the Democratic Party, Assembly Democrats and Sacramento political action committees.
The decision wasn't so hard for Levine, who has spent $181,651, well within the caps.
The two men are locked in a battle for the seat vacated by Jared Huffman, the San Rafael Democrat who is completing his third and final term in the Assembly.
For Allen, skipping a statement in the pamphlet was a strategic decision. He decided he needed the extra campaign cash to introduce himself to voters in Marin and Southern Sonoma County.
Allen, a first-term assemblyman, had his Sonoma-Napa district eliminated during the 2011 redistricting.
With Huffman forced into retirement by term limits, Allen moved to San Rafael to run for the vacant seat.
He won the June primary, but with just 31 percent of the vote. Levine, who narrowly beat Allen in Marin, was second districtwide, with 21.4 percent, earning a spot in the Nov. 6 runoff.
Allen said that moving to a new district meant that 80 percent of the voters didn't know him and more money was needed to get his message out. He says not being in the pamphlet might cost him "a little bit" among some voters, but it was the "right" decision.
Former Marin Supervisor Cynthia Murray faced the same decision in 2006 when she ran for Assembly. She listened to her advisers and wasn't in the pamphlet to avoid the spending limit. "If I had it to do over, I would not have taken my consultants' advice to not be in the voter pamphlet. I think it hurt me," she said.
For many voters, the voters handbook is a must-read, while they may not pay as much attention to glossy mailers and campaign hit pieces.
Murray says many older voters rely on the pamphlet to study up on the candidates.
"Being in the pamphlet was a missed opportunity to get my message out," she said.
Brad Breithaupt's column appears on Wednesdays.I once had a history teacher prepare his class for a challenging final essay exam by giving them this piece of advice, “Your grade is determined before you begin writing your answer. Your grade is determined as soon as you are done planning your essay.” As it turns out, he was right.
An Affiliate’s success depends on the quality and number of programs it implements in any given year. But as an Affiliate leader, your immediate task is not to ensure the “success of the Affiliate” in the abstract. Your goal—presumably—is to make next year, your year, as successful as it can be. A successful year serves the Affiliate and your community. But it also enhances your reputation among your peers. The latter aspect of leadership is an important, although often unspoken, motivator for young lawyers joining bar organizations.
So how do you make sure your year stands out? How do you make yourself, and your Affiliate, the subject of accolades among bar members, bar leaders, and legal circles? Here are a few tips.
1. Create a Calendar of Events
First, make a list of the projects you want to implement during your term. These may be new ideas or old ideas (see Tip #2). Figure out what you want to achieve. And then, slot your “projects” into a calendar of events.
It may seem like a “pie in the sky” idea, but creating a calendar of events gives you a framework for the bar year. Identify which weekends you will host which events and where, calendar internal phone calls and meetings, set deadlines for newsletters and online publications. This will give you an idea of what months will run heavy and what months will run light. It also will allow you to distribute work so that people have manageable responsibilities year round. You may also choose to work some people very hard for a short period of time but then let them return to their “other lives” for the rest of the year. Either way, calendaring your year will help you get perspective on what is in store for you and for your Affiliate.
2. Improve Existing Programs
Although leaders like to innovate—the prestige of it is unquestionable—taking a project your predecessor began and improving, increasing, or growing it is an excellent way to build on the efforts of others, provide program continuity, and use existing connections. If your predecessor held a “First Annual Fundraiser,” consider organizing a second one. Use the people who organized the first one to find out what worked and what did not.
Alternatively, look back a few years and identify projects that were implemented once but never took off. Talk to the people involved in those projects and try to understand why the project was only implemented once. Then, you can decide whether you want to use the idea and make it a staple of your Affiliate.
The process of identifying, and re-implementing old projects, has several advantages. First, you don’t have to think up a project. The idea is already there. Second, you have the “prototype” and you can start troubleshooting something that already happened rather than anticipating things that may happen in the future. Third, this process allows you to contact and network with previous, current, and future leaders. Your circle of acquaintances will grow exponentially.
3. Keep It Simple
Whether you decide to start a new project or revamp an old one, keep it simple. Programs can be extremely successful even if simple. What matters most is not the grandiosity of the project, but how useful it is to members of your community (whether the public or the bar). For example, a series of monthly CLEs in fancy restaurants with prestigious speakers may sound fantastic, but it may turn into a nightmare if restaurants and speakers don’t line up to meet your membership’s busy schedules. Instead, begin holding quarterly CLEs in comfortable settings, such as law schools, universities, low-key food establishments, and invite experienced practitioners from around town. This way you keep location, speakers, and frequency manageable. People will remember your Affiliate offered useful CLEs on a regular basis. By using local practitioners, it will increase the likelihood that word of the CLEs will spread. The same logic applies to clinics, fundraisers, and pro bono programs. When starting out, start with a basic set up. Your successors will be able to embellish it, but you will have founded it.
4. Keep It Focused
Keep the project focused: thematically, geographically, by length, and by content. For example, rather than setting up clinics for seniors, veterans, children, domestic abuse victims, police officers, or first responders, identify the two-to-three issues you really want to address during your term. Tailor your events to target those issues. As another example, if you want to implement a program across the state, choose two-to-three manageable cities. Once the program is implemented there, move on to other cities. If you want to host a CLE program, higher quality for fewer hours is more effective and manageable than more hours with less quality.
5. Assign Discrete Tasks
You may be tempted to assign particular projects to a committee and hope it works. A committee that organizes itself is a great thing, but many committees need a little more guidance. A committee that does not produce the desired project or program may not be a lost cause. It may simply have been given a task and no way to achieve it.
Break down the project into discrete tasks: fundraising, venue, speakers, food and refreshments, outreach, and so on. Assign groups of people—or a single person—to each task. If possible, break the task down to manageable goals. Rather than telling someone to “find a venue,” give them a list of possible venues and if possible contacts at each of those venues. If that is not possible, give them a contact for someone who has secured venues for other events. Give your committee members something to work with and particular goals to achieve. “Please contact these five speakers and find out if they are available” will probably yield better results than, “Please find speakers.” Even if you don’t have particular speakers in mind, give the people in charge of finding speakers particular cities, law firms, organizations, or bar associations to start from. Chances are, the people helping you are busy. By giving them a discrete task, you will maximize their efforts by cutting down on wasted time, resources, and energy.
6. Don’t Overuse Your “Superstars”
Every organization has “superstars.” Those people who produce results time after time. They make it seem effortless. This also makes them superstars. But the fact is, it is not effortless. And although you may want to go to those people over and over again, you may overdo it: either by overwhelming them with work or by exhausting them and their resources.
So learn to manage the not-so-superstars. Give them small tasks to complete and make sure they do so. Find out what they are good at and try to tailor their duties to those particular areas. If you really don’t have enough people willing or able to put in the time and energy, recruit new blood, even if on an ad hoc basis. Let your superstars supervise others, which decreases the work load for them but keeps them involved and allows them to jump in if something is falling apart.
7. Keep Track of Progress
Check in regularly with the people around you and check on whether they need help or are struggling. Have regular phone calls and ask people to report on their tasks. Don’t let them say, “Everything’s fine,” and nothing more. Ask for particulars. You should know what parts of the project are truly going fine, and what parts of the project may need extra help further down the line. If something falls apart, you will be better prepared if you saw it coming. In addition, keeping track of progress keeps the people around you on task because they will likely want to have something to report.
8. Make It Replicable
The positive impact of your term after you are gone is just as—if not more—important than your actual term in office. If one of your programs becomes so easy to implement that it can be repeated year after year, successfully, you will have done your community, your Affiliate, and yourself a service. So try to make programs replicable.
First, keep track of vendors, service providers, speakers, and sponsors that you contacted. Keep a record of why each of these people was ultimately involved in the project, or not. Keep in touch with these people and possibly introduce your successor so that they can hit the ground running.
Keep costs as low as possible and create partnerships that can be used year after year. This is particularly important when it comes to venue. Some law schools, for example, have CLE coordinators whose sole task is to help host CLE programs for free or at very low cost to participants. Some restaurants or venues have long-term relationships with bar associations and know about the logistics of hosting particular bar events. By using these types of institutions, you make the project easy to replicate because your successors will have a low-cost venue staffed with knowledgeable individuals.
Identify how, and to whom, you marketed the project. Try to understand which marketing outlets worked and which did not. Keep track of who you contacted to “spread the word.” This information will be key in making the event successful year after year.
Overall, try to create a “project in a box” package. When you hand this over to your successor, chances are he or she will be more than happy to implement a project presented in this way.
As you head into next year, plan the year ahead. Use the tips described above. Create a schedule and stick to it. You should know now when your events will take place. The more specific you can make your calendar of events, the easier it will be for others to help you implement your plans. Make sure everyone knows what they will be doing month-by-month during your term. Then follow up to make sure everyone stays on task. And of course, keep reading The Affiliate newsletter.
To all of you leaders, good luck and see you next year!WAC Lighting Line Voltage Track Pendants
Light up your space in style with these stunning line voltage track pendants from WAC Lighting. These fixtures are compatible with single and dual circuit track lighting systems and are designed to bring great style and optimal lighting to any space.
- Fiore Line Voltage Track PendantPrice: $193.50+ Free Shipping
- Couture Line Voltage Track PendantPrice: $252.00+ Free Shipping
- Bongo Pendant LightPrice: $177.00Eco Friendly
- Dax Pendant LightPrice: $153.00Eco Friendly
- Felis Pendant LightPrice: $127.95-$135.00Eco Friendly
- Frost Pendant LightPrice: $166.50
- Bongo Pendant Light - Incandescent - Track MountPrice: $171.00+ Free Shipping
- Dax Pendant Light - Incandescent - Track MountPrice: $153.00+ Free Shipping
- Felis Pendant Light - Incandescent - Track MountPrice: $135.00+ Free ShippingIt was revealed today that No Cliché's Toy Commander, scheduled as a European Dreamcast launch title, will make its way to America by Sega itself. This should come as no surprise, as No Cliché is one of Sega of Europe's exclusive 1.5 party developers. This, combined with the game's forty missions, thirty-five vehicles, actual true-to-life toy physics, and the warm reception by the press at every one of its public showings, make it an obvious choice for quality-hungry Sega.
A release date has yet to be revealed, but most sources point to a pre-Christmas push as one of Sega's 2nd wave Dreamcast titles. Be on the lookout for this one, folks - it's a true gem!
-- Anoop Gantayat, IGNDC
You must be logged in to post a comment.blog comments powered by DisqusStop paying $5.95 for a head of roasted garlic at that fancypants gourmet shop! You can make it at home for a tenth the price.
Tired of the blandness of canned chicken stock? Try making your own with Mark's Crazy-good Chicken Stock recipe.
Tamale Pie has come a long way since the all-canned-ingredients concoctions of the 1950s.
Here's an Italian preparation for your next poultry dinner, Chicken with Marinated Peppers.
Looking for an interesting way to deal with the holiday bird? Then try this Five Spice Turkey recipe.
Check out pbs's Roast Chicken recipe for the secret to perfect poultry succulence.
This FanFrickenChickenTastic recipe, a variation on "beer-can chicken," is a stroke of genius.
Here's a recipe for lamb stew from restaurateur jordan1.
How about some Thai Squid?
While we're on seafood, here's an excellent recipe for penne with tuna sauce.
Wondering what to do with those potatoes besides mashing them? Try gower's "Rustico" Potatoes recipe!
This Butternut Squash Soup is easy to make, and so satisfying.
Here's a simple but elegant Pumpkin Soup.
And try this Tortilla Soup, too!
Possibly the best Chocolate Angel Pie recipe on the planet.
Or perhaps you're looking for a quick and easy recipe for a decadent fruit cobbler?Blog | prom!?
Blogs By Topic
- 100 Things: "To the Next Level"
Watch the cast of 100 Things to Do Before High School amp up your favorite Nick shows!
- Worst Babysitter Ever
If you see her coming, run the other direction! She's the Worst. Babysitter. Ever.Podcast: Play in new window | Download | Embed
Is there a bigger story than Tom Renney being fired than the New York Rangers? No, but there is more going on, such as the Islanders / Senators trade this week, and Tom has something to say about Ryan Miller being injured.
Hey James,
Glad to see you stand up a little to Tom.
I understand he’s upset about the Miller incident (and apparently all past Buffalo slights), but it’s nice to see you push back. It’s hard sometimes to see these things happening to your home team, but it doesn’t make all your rants true!wilksholmes
Recent Activity
Comment on Top Quarterback Gunner Kiel Down To Notre Dame And….Vanderbilt
Considering the Kiel's keep everything VERY close to the vest and his teammates, coaches, and others have no idea where he is going, the odds that some wannabe SEC blogger has inside info about who Gunner has eliminated or narrowed his choices down to is about as likely as Vanderbilt winning the BCS NCG next season.A new programme by BT is looking to attract startups that make apps or services designed to take advantage of fibre-optic broadband connections.
It's being launched in conjunction with London-based TechHub, which provides workspaces for tech entrepreneurs to meet up and spin out ideas.
In a statement, BT says it's looking for new applications and services that can be marketed alongside its existing consumer products, including its Wi-Fi and fibre-optic Infinity broadband services.
Members only
The winning entrepreneurs will bag six months' support from BT and receive advice on R&D, engineering, legal and marketing - but not any investment.
They will, however, gain membership to TechHub's community space in East London's "Tech City" area where they will be offered business support, space to work and access to other tech entrepreneurs.
The programme is being launched alongside BT's Infinity Lab showcase at TechHub London that will use startups' products and its own technology to highlight how broadband is helping the economy.Flyers at Penguins – 7:30 p.m., NBCSN
CONSOL Energy Center, Pittsburgh, Pa
The Flyers will look to build on the momentum gained in Monday’s 7-0 thrashing of the New York Islanders when their season-long, six-game road trip comes to a close against the Pittsburgh Penguins on Wednesday night.
Pittsburgh took the first meeting of these intrastate rivals this season to earn a small bit of payback after losing last year’s exciting first-round playoff series to the Flyers in six games.
There’s been plenty to gripe about concerning the Flyers this season, but a strong showing in Pittsburgh could show they’re serious about turning the season around.
Records
Flyers: 7-9-1 (Fourth in Atlantic Division, 10th in Eastern Conference)
Penguins: 11-5-0 (First in Atlantic Division, second in Eastern Conference)
Last meeting
The Flyers opened their lockout-shortened campaign with a 3-1 loss to the Penguins in the last meeting between these two bitter rivals. Tyler Kennedy, James Neal and Chris Kunitz each scored for Pittsburgh, while Claude Giroux netted the only marker for the orange and black.
Wednesday’s matchup will mark the second of four contests between the Flyers and Penguins this season. The Flyers took four of six regular-season games from the Pens in 2011-12.
Previous games
After calling himself and his teammates out after a listless 4-1 loss to the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday, Claude Giroux backed up his harsh words with a two-goal, one-assist performance in Monday afternoon’s 7-0 rout of the Islanders. Ilya Bryzgalov, who played in his 400th career NHL game, made 19 saves to record his 30th career shutout and Jakub Voracek registered four helpers to help the Flyers earn their seventh victory of the season.
Pittsburgh, which has won three games in a row, improved to 8-2 in its last 10 games and moved one point ahead of the New Jersey Devils atop the Eastern Conference standings after rallying for a 3-2 victory over the Buffalo Sabres on Sunday. Sidney Crosby, who is second in the NHL in scoring with 24 points, finished the game with one goal and two assists for the Pens.
End of the road
The Flyers have a chance to end their road trip with a .500 record after dropping three of the first four contests.
In 11 games away from the Wells Fargo Center this season, the Flyers are just 3-8 overall and have tallied just 20 markers – 14 combined in wins over the Florida Panthers and Islanders.
Following their matchup with the Penguins, the Flyers will open a five-game homestand on Thursday night against the Panthers. The Flyers are 4-1-1 on home ice so far this season.
Home ice advantage?
Since Pittsburgh opened the CONSOL Energy Center in 2010, the Flyers have won five of six games on the Penguins’ home ice in the regular season.
Including the 2012 Stanley Cup playoffs, Giroux has tallied eight goals and seven assists in his last eight contests in Pittsburgh, where the Flyers have won seven of nine overall.
Keep an eye on...
The Flyers’ new top line of Giroux, Voracek and Matt Read combined for 10 points and a plus-9 rating in Monday’s drubbing of the Isles. We’ll see if the chemistry this trio found in Uniondale can carry over into Pittsburgh on Wednesday.
Voracek got off to a slow start this season – he had just three points through the first seven games – but has collected two goals and 10 assists over his past 10 contests to improve his team-lead in points to 15.
Although Crosby has lit up the Flyers for 89 points in 57 career games – including playoffs – in the series, the Penguins’ captain hasn’t registered a point and is a minus-4 in his last three meetings against the orange and black.
Did you know?
The Flyers have not allowed a power-play goal in six consecutive games, killing off 21-of-21 shorthanded situations over that span.
Dating back to a 3-2 loss to the Capitals on Feb. 1, the Flyers have successfully killed off 38-of-40 (95 percent) of their penalties.
Injuries
Flyers: Scott Hartnell (left foot) and Andrej Meszaros (left shoulder) are practicing with the team, but are still not ready to return to game action.
Jody Shelley (hip) and Michael Leighton (finger) are on injured reserve.
Penguins: Pittsburgh is completely healthy entering Wednesday’s contest.
Sound off
Do you think Giroux has snapped out of his offensive funk?
Flyers-Penguins: What you need to know
Flyers at Penguins – 7:30 p.m., NBCSN2011-01-13 / Obituaries
Card of Thanks
Let us in our hour of loss pause to say we have been comforted and reassured by our friends and neighbors who care. Thank you for all the deeds of love and concern shown during the past 8 1/2 years and at the passing of our loved one, Ruby Stephens. For your presence when we needed you most and for your help in such practical ways, we are most grateful and pray God's blessings on you all.
The Stephens FamilyTechnical Notes. Hirsch Selection Canadian Rye is sourced and handbottled at the fabled Glenora Distillery especially for Anchor Distilling Company. Glenora Distillery is a Canadian treasure located on Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia. Hirsch Selection Canadian Rye is subtle with a distinctive style; mellow and light in tone, yet expressively rich and spicy. The nose shows hints of cherries, pear fruit and honey lacing in the aroma. The palate is splendidly smooth filling the mouth with honey silkiness. This small batch Canadian Rye Whisky is double distilled, with the second distillation in pot stills, and aged in fine oak casks. Gentle smoke and distinct spice underscore the subtle sweetness of this limited 3 year-old cask selection. An excellent example of Canadian Rye from the Hirsch Selection series of single barrel whiskies.Name Availability A181C Works with Beta 181. A27M Stereo microphone adapter designed to hold two microphones in selectable positions for stereo broadcasting, recording or sound reinforcement. A313SC Carrying case for KSM313/NE. A313VB Velveteen pouch for KSM313/NE. A32SC Carrying Case, Aluminum, for KSM32 Microphone. A32VB Pouch, Velveteen, for KSM32 Microphone A32ZB Padded zippered carrying bag for Shure KSM32 or KSM44 microphones. A353SC Carrying case for KSM353/ED. A353VB Velveteen pouch for KSM353/ED. A42SC Aluminum Carrying Case. Works with KSM42 and KSM44A. A42VB Protective Velveteen Pouch. Works with KSM42. A44ASC Aluminum Carrying Case. Works with KSM44A. A44AVB Protective Velveteen Pouch. Works with KSM44A. A89LC Carrying case for VP89L. A89MC Carrying case for VP89M. A89SC Carrying case for VP89S and VP82. A89U Converts modular VP89 microphones to a "double-barrel" configuration.By Nick Stolle
Walking into Mark Dagley’s "Structural Solutions" at Minus Space is like accidentally wandering into the middle of a peculiar standoff. Three strong, distinct energies surround you, pushing and pulling, bandying you about.
To your right a hulking, sharp figure, smartly outfitted in what Niele Toroni might refer to as a Red red’s – October 5, 2012.Navigation
Teradata Unified Data Architecture
Leverage All Your Data
Download
Turning data into profit with Teradata Unified Data Architecture
White paper
The Teradata Public Relations and Social Media Team provide news services to our associates and the global community.
Marketers Must Connect the Dots to Leverage Data Insights Create Lasting Brand Value - 5/13/2015
Individualized Marketing means moving beyond personalization to true individualization and bona fide value exchange.
Teradata Announces APEX Award Winners at ONE Teradata Marketing Festival 2015 - 5/12/2015
Seven Outstanding Companies Honored for Innovation and Marketing Excellence
Teradata Announces Social Advertising Capability on Facebook - 5/12/2015
Teradata Digital Marketing Center utilizes Facebook Custom Audiences for more accurate targeting of Facebook ads.
Brierley Partners Expands Omni Channel Capabilities with Teradatas Digital Marketing Center - 5/12/2015
Strategic partnership enhances customer-centric experiences across all channels.
Teradata Delivers World s Most Advanced Hybrid Row and Column Database - 5/07/2015
Innovations allow customers to mix and match row and column technologies at will, without the trade-offs of purely columnar databases.
Teradata Delivers Agile Anytime Anywhere Interface to Teradata Database for Web Mobile and Business Applications - 5/07/2015
With any device, a customer, supplier, mobile employee, or application can use the Teradata Database for critical data and insights.
Teradata Reports 2015 First Quarter Results - 5/07/2015
Reports revenue of $582 million
Teradata Selects Urban Airship as Integration Partner for Customer Interaction Manager - 5/06/2015
Marketers can now extend integrated multi-channel campaigns to their mobile app audience through the Teradata-Urban Airship integrated solution.
Northwestern University Graduate Students Take on Big Data Using Teradata Aster Discovery Platform in Hackathon - 5/06/2015
Winning team applies analytics to U.S. presidential speeches, discovers link in positivity and popularity
Customers Can Achieve Unmatched Analytic Ability with Teradata Database Compatible Partner Solutions - 5/05/2015
Large, diverse ecosystem of alliance partners make it faster and easier for customers to deploy and get value from Teradata technology
2015 Teradata User Group Events
Big Analytics Workshop: From Hype to Business Results
2015 Marketing Insights Workshopsmichael bravo
Work Survey: 1966-2006
As the world continuously rotates, seasons change through time. While one organism is born, another dies. In order to allow this constant rebirth of life, the seeds of life need to be planted. Plants as well as all of the creatures of nature have ability to reproduce and disperse their seed and their progeny, some across many miles. Much like the coconut drifting across the sea trying to inhabit a new island, to form future generations, Earth drifts through the cosmos like an untethered island. So what types of seeds do we as earthlings spread or receive through the galaxy? Michael Bravo’s artwork guides us through this journey of time and space, collecting, recording and creating around the human perception of this fecund Universe. A traveling man by nature, Michael Bravo takes a refreshing approach in this survey of his art, revealing his knowledge of multiple mediums of art.
Michael Bravo’s artwork is an exploration of his personal interests and discoveries throughout his life. It is an authentic reflection of his exploration into the inner workings of his subjects—the parts we don’t see—and his subjects’ interconnectivity. His personal philosophies about life are expressed throughout this body of work. Bravo is able to apply his acute sense of his subjects and has a broad intuitive ability to reinterpret their information artistically, drawing out aspects of his subjects that would otherwise remain unseen. He feels that life is an interactive process that is always changing and it is important to understand our individual experiences. He has been exploring these ideas through painting, photography, printmaking, and sculpture.
Bravo loves to travel and loves the feeling of waking up somewhere new and not knowing where he is. For years he documented his destinations by drawing. He drew cities to record human activities and their artifacts. His precisely accurate drawings often took several trips to the same site to finish, and after one particularly cold day he decided to start photographing these places instead. His father, a photographer who used a large format camera, influenced his work greatly. Bravo began traveling to the Southwest, taking pictures. There he found empty spaces that truly fascinated him. Through photography he tries to push his energy into that space and imagines the pictures as some form of real estate. There is a physical magnetism that draws him to these places. They are spontaneous in their discovery and he often revisits the ones he likes best. The process of re-visitation is driven by the desire to understand that place and how it has changed. Bravo also goes back to learn more about himself and his own changes. His intention is to photographically record this destination in a manner, which alone would satisfy the viewer.
A change that had a huge influence on Bravo’s photography was the introduction of computers. He loved the possibilities of the computer, the way they helped him improve his picture’s capabilities. For the first time he was able to print large photographs from his negatives. The image Sheep’s Head, his first large-scale print, started as three black and white negatives. They were scanned, merged into a panorama, the bands were removed and the negative space was drawn in digitally with Photoshop. Bravo then added subtle color in select areas of the landscape. The effect is timeless, vast and still. He was conscience of the resemblance between these empty spaces and lunar images, which had always intrigued him. N.A.S.A.’s images of lunar landings and exploration photos are what aided in him visualizing these photos.
Bravo has always been able to combine his personal interests and art. As a fisherman on the California North Coast’s rivers, he found himself bringing home more objects for artwork than fish, especially driftwood. As his collection of driftwood sticks grew, he started leaving the fishing pole at home so he could carry home more sticks. He paints the sticks and stacks them to make different forms. This combination of natural forms and bright colors creates a strong contrast. Much like Bravo’s other work, he attempts to breath life and energy in an otherwise lifeless form.
Bravo is investigating several different themes throughout his artwork. His fascination with translucent objects started when he was very young. He wanted to draw what was on the inside of objects, not just what was visible. He started with the ellipse, which is a challenging form to draw realistically. As a child he drew cars just so he could draw the ellipsis of the wheels. Later, he figured cakes were something that were ellipsis with a familiar association. Cakes, the dessert kind, gave him the freedom to paint celebratory forms that evolved from the exploration of how space works. To Bravo the cake image represents the shortness and sweetness of life. The candles are a symbol for taking chances, because “if you never light the candles, you can’t get your wish”.
The theme of translucency is expressed through his sculptures as well. Several pieces are made of clear acrylic but have the look of carved ice. Two such pieces, Amp and Juvenal are included in this exhibition.
The idea for these sculptures came from his early observation of “suicide knobs” on the steering wheels of old hot rods, He recalls one acrylic knob made of this same material, which had the look of clear, flawless glass with a three dimensional red rose suspended on the inside. He wanted to see how it was done, and use that knowledge to create art.
He began carving small pieces, experimenting with the translucency and the information that he could imbed within the sculpture. He cuts thick sheets of Lucite into various shapes and then carves them down with an industrial grinder , which adds texture and shapes the piece. The stacking and gluing of these craved slabs gives rise to their shape and volume. Since many of these pieces are hollow, they enable him to abstractly paint the interior to give them more depth and add color.
Abstract painting has allowed Bravo to address formal concerns without being influenced by image. He wants to hold visual interest by making the viewers think and try to figure it out, as there are no easy conclusions to his work. He avoids painting recognizable objects to get an image without bombarding the viewers, so they are able to draw their own conclusions. His large abstract paintings usually take six months to a year to complete. He builds them up on paper with layers of polymer medium and acrylic paint, paints on it for a few days, and then adds another layer of polymer. The paper becomes a thick multi-colored canvas with too many layers to count. The textured layers converse with one another enriching each other’s presence. Observing these abstract paintings from multiple vantage points is a must, in that it changes depth, space, and colors depending on one’s distance.
Bravo’s ability to successfully move through a series of steps to achieve a goal is what drew him to teaching. He was able to share his ability to physically execute a series of actions to get the desired results. He taught his students the important process of making lines and shapes without giving away the whole subject immediately. He encouraged them to get lost and then find themselves again throughout their artwork, the same way his teachers encouraged him. While attending California College of Arts and Crafts (currently called California College of Arts) in the 1960’s, he was greatly influenced by his professors Robert Bechtle and Roy DeForest. They were exciting to be around and passed along their own special way of relating to the world. Bravo learned what it means to be an artist, and also the responsibility of addressing the world through a visual language that is understood by everyone. It was at the CCAC that he started his dot series. He painted European in 1966, which is a map orientation of Europe using dots as in a stylistic motif.
The dots also relate to of Bravo's fascination with seeds and their importance. During a trip to a Pacific island, he was walking along a beach and saw thousands of seeds washed ashore. They were from several different places around the world, and had all ended up there. While some people may think this was a pure coincidence of nature, Bravo saw it as nature's plan. He began thinking about these tiny origins of life all traveling long distances to achieve their destiny and reproduce. He was able to visualize this same concept in the cosmos, and began painting seeds and star patterns as one. He employs images of the night sky as the backdrop for his dot images; Bravo has conceptualized multiple pictures of forms in space. Just as these tiny bits of genetic information travel on the waves, earth is a ball of genetic information floating in space. The idea that something as vast as our universe is so similar to the tiniest of seeds helps put Bravo’s connections into perspective.
Michael Bravo has a personal and exciting way of viewing the world. As art fans, we are lucky enough to be invited into his world, to catch a glimpse of his perspective through his art. Bravo feels as if the knowledge passed by his professors has been granted to him for a reason. This reason being, so that he can pass on this knowledge of life and love for art on to future generations. His knowledge of self is reflective through his work. This artistic insight has evolved through years of experience and personal development. Bravo’s ideas expand above and beyond both time and space to a place where the imagination can be free and to run wild. The most important piece of information which he share’s is the concept of connectivity. In life the seed is usually the beginning for all and all organisms over time will return to the earth. Bravo’s ability to capture and express these concepts through various mediums is a trip through the familiar in to the unknown.
Essay by Jacqueline Smith and David Ramirez
Photo: Michael Bravo, AMP, 2006, sculpted acrylic, 52 in. x 24 in. x 34 inThe UConn have added B1G team Indiana to its football schedule, a home-and-home series that won't happen for another fiver years when the Huskies travel to Bloomington, Ind. for a Sept. 21, 2019 matchup, and the Hoosiers return the favor on Sept. 26, 2020 when they come to Rentschler Field.
The teams have faced off twice before; UConn beat Indiana, 34-10 on Aug. 30, 2003, and then outlasted the Hoosiers, 14-7, three years later in Bloomington.
Back in February, the school announced a home-and-home series with another B1G team, Illinois, which also takes place in 2019 and 2020.
The current schedule of future Huskies non-conference games (via SNY.com):.How to Stop Being Nosy
Are you always looking into things that should not be looked in, or doing businesses that's not yours? Being nosy is not a good quality to have. It can ruin friendships, and give you a bad reputation. Learning to stop takes poise, determination, and hard work.
Steps
- 1Think. What are they talking about? Does it involve you? Or do you think it does? If you always think it's about you, you're either selfish, or afraid someone is saying something mean about you, or giving away something that you said no to.Ad
- 2Narrow down. If you think they are talking about you, what are they talking about? Is it something bad, or something just... embarrassing? What have you told them? Maybe they're just saying something nice about you, and you're being paranoid.
- 3If they are saying something about you, try to think, what's the worst that could happen if I just left it alone? Maybe they're just going to do something nice for you, and you don't want to ruin the surprise, but it can't be that bad, unless you've told them your deepest darkest secret.
- 4Just put out of your mind that they might be talking about you. You could ruin your image, as being a nosy person, just because curiosity got the best of you, and going over there.Ad
We could really use your help!
guns and ammunition?
rate articles?
Adobe Photoshop?
motor driven systems?
home construction?
Tips
- Consider walking away. Don't worry if anyone is talking about you or not. Leave the issue alone.
Warnings
- Never walk up to someone and ask what they're talking about.
About this wikiHowTwo adults and three children escaped injury when a pipe bomb exploded near a house in Co Londonderry early on Tuesday.
A number of windows at the back of the property at Castle Park in Tobermore were damaged in the incident around 1am.
Police at the scene of a pipe bomb attack at a house in the Castle Park area of Tobermore.
Police said a house in Calmore Park directly behind Castle Park was also damaged in the incident. The occupants of that property also escaped injury.
UUP MLA for the area Sandra Overend condemned those responsible for the attack as “reckless”.
“Nothing can justify placing an explosive device at a house, especially one with children inside, and such actions must be condemned by everyone,” she said.
“Somebody out there knows who is responsible for this terrible act, and I would appeal to them to pass any information they have to the PSNI so that the culprits can be brought before the courts.”
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.The early news from the G20 in Europe is a supposed standoff between Obama and the continental conservatives, Angela Merkel of Germany and Nicolas Sarkozy of France.
I have trouble finding a political home in the American political spectrum, but connect well with European conservatives. European conservatives support national health insurance, oppose the death penalty, and support basic social welfare programs. They tend to be pro-life, but without the vitriol or accusations of murder that Americans often engage in. They appear principled rather than fanatical.
European conservatives avoid the free market extremism of some American conservatives, as well as the religious fundamentalism that has defined conservatism in the US. To a West European conservative the kind of rhetoric that Sean Hannity engages in (‘the US is the greatest country God has ever given man’) would sound fascistic and bizarre. In other words, European conservatives generally avoid the things I dislike about American conservatism.
On the positive side, they avoid the kind of ideological anti-market thinking of some on the left, and they recognize the importance of community and tradition. Where American conservatives are often hyper-individualist, European conservatives still have their roots in the notion of the importance of society. That makes them less ideological, and more pragmatic.
Merkel and Sarkozy disagree with Obama’s call for increased deficit spending in Europe to stimulate the economy. A physicist by training, Merkel finds it irrational to think the cure for a debt induced bubble is more debt. Along with Sarkozy she is calling for a new regulatory regime to make sure that global finance is held accountable to rule of law. Globalization, they believe, created a situation outside the scope of the regulatory regimes of the states. States had developed sound policies for domestic regulation, but once capital was freed from having to stay within national borders, it found loopholes and opportunities to exploit.
This isn’t a new argument. The famous political scientist Susan Strange, writing back in 1999 before her death, talked about the demise of the Westphalian state system in an article “The Westfailure system.” Of the three crises she saw threatening the system, the most dangerous was the possibility of a global credit crisis due to how ineffective international regulations had become in an era of globalization. With the US gripped by an ideological free market mindset, people didn’t see the need to develop a transnational regulatory scheme, thus allowing predatory practices to grow.
Germany and France are also signalling the US that just as they did not automatically support the 2003 Iraq war, which they saw as foolhardy and dangerous, they won’t buy in to a massive stimulus which they fear will cause inflation and/or stagflation. They are worried that this spending will cause a collapse in value of the dollar, and potentially make world recovery more difficult.
These arguments are compelling. I still think the stimulus is probably worth the gamble, but it will be meaningless without an overhaul of global regulation on finance capital. The belief that the market can self-regulate has been proven false; those on the inside are privvy to information and abilities to act that allow them to manipulate markets for excessive profit. That has to be stopped, and can only be stopped with a coordinated international regulatory regime. This needs to be as profound a change as the Bretton Woods system provided after World War II.
And, though I’ve accepted Obama’s argument that a stimulus is needed and worth the risk, pressure has to be put on the US not to simply try to get out of this on the cheap, expecting the rest of the world to absorb the cost of our higher debt by maintaining an inflated value for the dollar. This means renewed pressure for the US to cut its budget where possible (especially in areas that do not support the creation of jobs, infrastructure, and economic growth) and recognize that without fiscal discipline, economic recovery could be very short lived.
Sarkozy especially has made it clear he blames the “Anglos” — the British and Americans — for this mess. Their penchant for debt, deregulation and speculation pushed the world into the abyss; many of Europe’s problems are contagion from the US. Obama should acknowledge as much, and make clear that we understand that our laissez faire approach to global capital and our penchant for debt (without savings) were causal factors in creating this crisis. In so doing, we have to avoid the same kind of borrow and spend policies Reagan used to get us out of the last recession — this time, we’re in too deep, such policies won’t work.
Moreover, Merkel and Sarkozy can set the tone for a strong European voice in world politics, filling a gap that the US is leaving as US power and moral authority remains discredited due to both Iraq and the global economic crisis. Unlike the Bush Administration, which bristled at the threat (Rumsfeld ridiculing France and Germany as “old Europe”), Obama has to recognize that this isn’t the late 20th century, and the US isn’t the ‘unipolar power.’ We need partnerships, and we need to listen.
Merkel and Sarkozy’s conservatism is a good balance to Obama’s aggressive interventionism. I find myself in the middle, glad that the continental Europeans are working to make sure that the US approach is not uncritically accepted. The US must think hard about the consequences of increased debt, and accept the need for a new regulatory regime for global capital.
Many people ridicule meetings like that of G20 as just for show and unproductive — more to allow leaders to get to know each other than to really achieve results. This time, however, this meeting could be very important as the start towards figuring out a way to deal with the worst global economic crisis in over 70 years.
#1 by henitsirk on April 2, 2009 - 02:26
Thanks for the brief picture of European conservatism. I could get on board with that too. Especially if you threw in some Danish co-housing and state funding of private schools — two dreams of mine! (Though state funding of private schools has its pitfalls, I’m sure, but anything to help me afford it, at this point!)
#2 by Scott Erb on April 2, 2009 - 03:48
Your comment at the end reminds me how self-interest also affects our perspective. I like the education spending in the stimulus bill because it helps me. My wife is a CPA for a hospital who tells me about the real financial problems hospitals face — so money going to help states pay Medicare helps her place of employment. Have I been brought to support the stimulus out of self-interest?
I think state funding of private schools can make sense. I had a “disagreement” (friendly, really) with a colleague at a union meeting on this. I’m part of a faculty union affiliated with the NEA, and the NEA is not a fan of funding private schools. But even though I’m an NEA member (via a college faculty union), I think they get a bit too conservative in defending their interests.
#3 by henitsirk on April 2, 2009 - 15:00
I’m coming from the perspective of watching Waldorf schools in the US struggle with funding themselves — no state funding, no church funding. And then they have become (generally) just another elite private school for the rich, instead of meeting the needs of all children as was the original intention. There are attempts at tuition remission, sliding scales, etc., but realistically they are schools for the relatively wealthy.
How we could work state funds for private schools in this country is a bit beyond my imagination, given our intractible division between “church and state” — however that is currently being defined. Giving tax dollars to support Catholic schools, for example, is not ever going to fly well with certain parts of the population. I believe in some countries like Denmark and France, any kind of school can receive state funding, as long as requirements are met. (And there’s the rub for Waldorf schools — part of their history and culture involves complete autonomy on the part of the faculty of each school to set the pedagogy and curricula, so acquiescing to state testing requirements, for example, is extremely problematic. There are Waldorf charter schools, but some believe they have strayed too far from true Waldorf methods.)
I think in your case, self-interest coincides with the greater good, so to speak. Health and education are two primary things that make a nation or culture stronger and more…well, healthy and intelligent. We’ve got major problems in both areas in this country, so paying some attention to them should be welcomed. Whether throwing wads of money at them is the answer is another question!
Holtkotter - Halogen Table Lamp$950.00
Holtkotter - Galileo Halogen End-Table LampPrice From: $538.00 - $598.00
Trend Lighting - Delphi Table Lamp$310.00
Adesso - Symmetry Table Lamp$332.50
Holtkotter - Fabric Shaded Table Lamp$498.00
Holtkotter - Fabric Shaded Table Lamp$498.00Euro Club Top Ten—April 26
Posted: April 25, 2014 at 6:29 am
1. Saracens (Last Week: 1): Another week, another win for Saracens. With only two matches left they now hold a nine point lead over Northampton in the table and can concentrate on Clermont.
2. Toulon (2): Toulon are nipping on the heels of Saracens in our rankings and are on a similar trajectory. They have the Top 14 where they want it and could take the Heineken Cup. Their form at the end of the season is only getting better.
3. Leinster (5): Nothing gets your confidence up more than a big win over Benetton. Barring something crazy Leinster will be the top seed in the RaboDirect Pro12 playoffs.
4. Munster (6): You could have excused Munster if they had one eye on Europe last weekend but they didn’t think that way as they beat Connacht. The result puts them second in the RaboDirect.
5. Montpellier (3): They had the Top 14 in their hands but a slip-up to Castres means they probably won’t finish in the top spot. That said, expect them to make a serious run in the playoffs.
6. Clermont (4): Seriously, these guys need to figure things out. They arguably have the most talent in Europe but have been incredibly inconsistent as their loss to Racing Metro proved this week. Still, they are alive in the Heineken Cup.
7. Northampton (7): Maybe this is the beginning of a bright spell for the Saints after mini-slump. Their win over London Irish essentially sealed second place in the Premiership. Plus, they still have the Amlin Challenge Cup to play for.
8. Racing Metro (NA): Full credit to Racing Metro who have been on fire as of late. Their win over Clermont was just the latest proof of their surge. They now sit a playoff spot and could cause waves.
9. Glasgow (NA): The Warriors have climbed into a playoff spot in the RaboDirect and are playing well. They haven’t lost in five matches.
10. Leicester (7): A loss to Harlequins is definitely not what the Tigers wanted to do. They will have two more chances to rebound before the playoffs.
Curtis Reed is the founder and editor of This Is American Rugby. He can be found on Twitter @ThisIsAmerRugby, on Facebook, and at.Printable Format
The SI Organization Inc. has named retired Air Force Lt. Gen. John Sheridan vice president of its National Security Space line of business, the company announced today.
In his new role, he will be responsible for leading a line of business that will support national security space programs for the intelligence community, the military and NASA, the April 16 announcement said.
Sheridan retired in August 2011 as commander of the Space and Missile Systems Center, Air Force Space Command, Los Angeles Air Force Base.
His experience includes acquisition leadership of space, aircraft and simulator programs; requirements development across all Air Force space programs; and operational leadership in four different national space programs.
He also served as the Air Force program executive officer for space, managing the research, design, development, acquisition and sustainment of satellite, launch and command and control systems.
Sheridan also served as the deputy director of the National Reconnaissance Office; as program executive officer and director for space radar; commandant of Air Command and Staff College; and director of requirements for Air Force Space Command.
SI is a provider of systems engineering and integration capabilities to the U.S. intelligence community, Defense Department and other agencies.
The company employs more than 2,100 people, with major locations in Chantilly, Va.; Denver; Laurel, Md.; Los Angeles; and Valley Forge, Pa..Added to My List as a guest*.
*Your guest list will be temporarily saved until you end this browser session.
Kal Dinosaurs Dino Colostrum™ Chocolate -- 300 mg - 60 Chewables
Oops! Something went wrong and we were unable to process your request. Please try again.
Dino Colostrum™ dietary supplement is a low-heat, Certified Hormone Free, 100% Bovine Colostrum from New Zealand pasture fed cows. Bovine Colostrum is a concentrate of nutrients and immune supporting factors, such as lactoferrins and immunoglobulins (IgG). It is a protein-based supplement, containing the growth factor IFG, which is thought to help support protein synthesis and plays an important role in tissue growth and repair in infants, children and adults. Dino Colostrum™ is intended to provide nutritive support for protective nourishment that can add to general immune health and well being.
44% off
Retail price: $31.09
Vitacost price: $17.39
38% off
Retail price: $13.59
Vitacost price: $8.39
49% off
Retail price: $21.89
Vitacost price: $11.09
20% off
Retail price: $26.99
Vitacost price: $21.49
40% off
Retail price: $20.59
Vitacost price: $12.29Feb152013
Tour/Activity
Las Vegas, Nevada
My Rating
The vCard is the only way to go! It is worth it bc its honored at the clubs. We got to Tao and there was a line but as we were looking for a VIP line one of the bouncers noticed the vCard in my hand,asked how many us had it,i said all of us, he unhooked the rope and let us in!No standing inIn "Magic City," the new original Starz series starring Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Miami is hot and Morgan as hotelier Ike Evans wants to introduce America -- and us -- to the city's charms.In the series-op More »
The new Starz drama Magic City, a macho soap opera set in sex-glamour-and-revolution-rocked 1958 Miami, cries out for one of those bitchy one- or two-sentence reviews that music critics sometimes writ More »
It can't be denied that the makers of "Magic City" (10 p.m. ET Friday, Starz) assembled a promising list of ingredients for this period drama. Watching "Magic City," which is set at a swanky Miami hot More »
On the new Starz series Magic City , Jeffrey Dean Morgan stars as Ike Evans, the owner of the Miramar Playa, one of Miami's most glamorous hotels in the 1950s. But as the hotel prepares for a New Year More »
The new Starz series “Magic City” is centered on a Jewish Miami Beach hotelier with ties to the mob, and it has the feel of “The Sopranos,” but set around the time of “Mad Men.” More »
Don't accuse Mitch Glazer of trying to capitalize on the one-hour cable drama craze. The veteran screenwriter's new show, "Magic City," which premieres on Starz this weekend , actually began as a pilo More »
HitFix's Alan Sepinwall reviews "Magic City," the new Starz drama starring Jeffrey Dean Morgan as a resort hotel owner in late '50s Miami.- More »
Starz’ ‘ Magic City ’ “The Year Of The Fin” Episode 1 airs Friday April 1 at 10 pm. Episode Synopsis : The Year Of The Fin’ Ike Evans, owner of Miami’s most glamorous hotel, needs his 1958 NYE concert More »Born: April1, 1861 Danville, Kentucky
Died: Jan 17, 1951 Houston, Texas
Cause:Cerebral Hemorrhage &Paralysis
Burial: Olivewood Cemetary, Houston, Texas
Minnie B. Brown was born in Danville, Kentucky. She has been the hardest family member over the years to research. The only real records which I have been able to trace her with was the census records. According to these records after spending her child and teen years in Kentucky she moved to Alabama sometime around 1880, however this is just guess work because she had her first daughter Dasie Brown in 1881 in Alabama. Now, it is not known but at some point around 1882 or 1883 she moved to Texas because she had her second daughter Sallie Brown in Texas. I know that while in Texas they lived in Wharton, Texas. Minnie had her third and last daughter Bessie Brown my grandmother in Houston, Texas or Wharton, Texas in 1896. She and her three daughters was still in Wharton in 1900 where they all appeared on the 1900 census there it is possible they went to Wharton, Texas too work for a short period of time. Later in 1900 they moved to Houston, Texas. Researching various records i.e. city directories, I found that she and her oldest daughters worked at a multitude of jobs (i.e. washer- woman, laundry worker, housekeeper and cook) Now, I was unable to locate them on the 1910 census, but was able to locate them on the 1920 census where Minnie B. Brown lived with her daughter Bessie Harrison and Bessie's four children (Edwin, Eugene, Alvoria and my father Lee Harrison at the age of 4). It is important at this point to note by 1920 her husband and my grandfather Eugene Harrison Sr. had died in WWI in New Port News VA.,and Lee Harrison was given up for adoption to Francis Moureaux of Beaumont, Texas.Children's Health (Pediatrics)
Find a Pediatric Doctor in San Diego at Scripps Health
A pediatric doctor could save your child’s life — or simply help him or her live a healthier one. So finding the right pediatrician is essential for your infant, adolescent or teen. Nearly 40 Scripps Clinic and Scripps Coastal Medical Center pediatricians provide exceptional children’s health care at locations throughout San Diego. Highly qualified and compassionate, our pediatric medicine physicians are prepared to build a lasting relationship with you and your child.
If you need to reschedule your child’s appointment, please call to cancel as early as possible — ideally at least 24 hours ahead of time.
Accessible Pediatric Care
At Scripps Clinic and Scripps Coastal Medical Center, you’ll find:
- Nearly 40 pediatricians
- Eight locations throughout San Diego County
- Online medical records
- Secure messaging with your pediatrician’s office
Find out if your health insurance plan is accepted.
Comprehensive Pediatrics
Scripps offers a variety of pediatric services including:
- Newborn and infant care
- Well-child/baby care
- Adolescent care
- Camp, school and sports physicals
- Health screenings
- Immunizations
Learn more about our children's health services.
Your Child's Pediatric Visit
Before you head to your pediatrician’s office, it’s important to arrive prepared. Get tips to make the most of your child's doctor visit.
Parenting Support
The Parent Connection is San Diego’s largest parenting support group. The organization brings San Diego families together to provide support, social activities and build lasting relationships. Learn more about The Parent Connection.
Scripps News
Classes & Events
January 8, 2009
Bryan Lazare
TigerBait.com
The basis for which linebacker D.T. (short for Deterrian) Schackelford of Decatur, Ala.-Austin committed to Tennessee five months ago never changed. He had always been a fan of the school and the quality of the program the Volunteers put on the field. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inChrist-centered phenomenon defying N.Y. Times
Book, new film show prophecy fulfilled before our eyes
ACROSS
1. Chaplain of the Continental Congress and preacher of independence: 2 wds.
9. Certain radical believer in popular revolution against dictators and exploitation?
10. Type of center Chuck Norris recommends for enjoying water aerobics
11. The kind of harsh treatment young David received from King Saul?
12. Purging from one’s psyche (racism, for instance): 2 wds.
13. Heavily Muslim city on the Strait of Gibraltar where church planters are threatened
14. Oil-rich exclave of Angola where factions claim independence
16. Intense sensation of fear, uncertainty and doubt
19. Aaron Klein bailiwick whose name actually means “Spring Hill”: 2 wds.
21. Devastated and thoroughly destroyed, as one’s future: 3 wds.
23. Came up with, or went out with: 2 wds.
24. Following Joseph Farah’s G2 Bulletin for critical developments around the globe, e.g.: 2 wds.
25. So as to utterly remove all sense of orientation
26. Delegate who sponsored not only independence but also prayer and fasting: 3 wds.
DOWN
1. Friend of Tom Paine who militated against taxation without representation: 3 wds.
2. Adolf’s deputy, who punished animal cruelty by threatening to send offenders to concentration camps
3. Best place to measure one’s susceptibility to overdoing it
4. De facto, as Barack Obama’s occupation of the U.S. presidency
5. What Constitution destroyers find in clauses like “general welfare” and “necessary and proper”
6. Short name for the home of Prince Alwaleed, part owner of Fox News
7. Shape of the long-abandoned pink monkey house in Dayton, Ohio, dutifully upkept by taxpayer funding
8. President of Delaware who signed the Articles of Confederation: 3 wds.
15. Political leader who required inspired assistance to read the handwriting on the wall
17. Doing the same activity over and over and expecting different results
18. Suffering critically impaired judgment
19. A point of no return in human relations: 2 wds.
20. Virulent vituperation
22. Early acronym that has assisted treasure-seeking divers for over 60 yearsSix Fun Things to Do with Small Kids in Myrtle Beach
No two vacations to Myrtle Beach are alike—or at least they don’t have to be, because there are always new things to do and see every time you visit. And that includes different options for families whose kids are at different ages.
There are plenty of choices in Myrtle Beach for things to do with younger kids. Here are just a few options:
The Myrtle Beach SkyWheel
If you want the very best view on the Grand Strand, you’ve got to check out the SkyWheel. Located in the heart of the Myrtle Beach Oceanfront Boardwalk and Promenade, the SkyWheel is a nearly 200-foot-tall ride to amazing ocean and city views. And best yet, kids 2 and younger are free—just ask for an angel ticket at the ticket window.
Cherry Grove Pier
This family owned fishing pier, located about a 20 minute drive from North Beach Plantation, is a fun place to bring the whole family to enjoy the view on the observation deck and watch people fishing from the pier. Many young kids also enjoy a few hours spent fishing with mom and dad, and the Cherry Grove pier is a great place for fishing—you can get your rod, bait and license in the tackle shop. Keep in mind that you will need a $2 pass in order to walk the pier.
Painter’s Ice Cream
We love this ice cream shop—it’s a North Myrtle Beach staple. Homemade ice cream with a side of nostalgia; kids love it. They don’t have a website, but you can find them at 2408 Hwy. 17 S., North Myrtle Beach.
WonderWorks
This Broadway at the Beach attraction is called an “amusement park for the mind,” and for good reason! Kids love the hands-on exhibits, full of fun with an educational edge. Plan carefully about when you go, because it can get crowded. If your kids are early risers, that can be a great way to beat the crowds.
The Children’s Museum of South Carolina
This is another great opportunity to combine fun with education. Look for hands on activities for kids with a creative emphasis. Some recent exhibits include a hurricane simulator, a weather center and newsdesk with green screen and a learn to drive exhibit.
Alligator Adventure
This Barefoot Landing animal park features alligators, yes—you can watch them leap from the water to be fed in warmer months—but it also includes a wide array of animals that fascinate young kids, including large cats, exotic birds, kangaroos, lemurs, turtles and even warthogs!
Of course, all of these places to visit are simply extras, when the real appeal of a Myrtle Beach vacation is in the fun of taking your child to the beach! Well, that and the pool. Kids love pools, and we have great pools at North Beach Plantation!
Posted 7/29/13In the stream
- RT @CoryBooker: Long past due, this what we need: Momentum in Congress to act on criminal justice reform. nationaljournal.com/politics/as-20… 2 days ago
- RT @HistoryInPix: Eighteen year old French film actress, Catherine Deneuve, 1961. 3 days ago
- RT @TheEconomist: The share of America’s working-age population in the labour force has dropped considerably econ.st/1A9y2aH http://… 3 days ago
- @jessicabrookman which would, of course, somewhat depend on the quality of the (other) escapists.... 3 days ago
- 'Straordinary RT @ShiCooks: Paintings of human hands made 7300 BC buff.ly/1E7dfPD h/t @SheAHow @KshrGirl 3 days
- is finally live and ready to go. I moved by blog from here to my own domain – lucidconfusions.com.
My focus will remain the same – marketing, customer service and technology. Thank you to everybody who visited me here. Come take a look around my new place. If you like it, you can bookmark me and even subscribe to my RSS.
Happy Thanksgiving!Austin, TX -- (ReleaseWire) -- 01/24/2014 -- Worldwide there are over 200 million people with kidney disease. In the United States it is predicted the next health epidemic will be kidney disease and kidney failure due to the aging baby boomer population, current diabetes epidemic, and high blood pressure.
Currently, there are over 50 books on the internet recommending information about how to improve kidney disease, management, and diet programs. With the amount of information available, how is a person to decide what is the best diet program for kidney disease to use. By listening to what others have used with success is a good start. Learn about what diet program people are using called, “The All Natural Kidney Health & Kidney Function Restoration Program.” from a previous user or by clicking here.
A customers named Barbara Hensworth from Massuchets states her creatinine went from 2.7 to 1.8, her GFR increased from 24 to 44, and potassium is back in a normal range
"Thanks so much!
I was scared I was going to be widow. My husband, Mark had high blood pressure which caused kidney problems. We saw a nutritionist and dietitian that helped us, but he continued to get worse and we really wanted something more. I found the program and I immediately got started. I went through the All Natural Kidney Health & Kidney Function Restoration Program, and got all the foods and supplements to start giving to my husband.
He started to have more energy and less fatigue in about 6 weeks. I laughed when he said he felt 15 years younger. The kidney doctor was thrilled with the good results. He just said to keep doing what we were doing. This is working to improve his kidney disease.
The program covers and easily explains every part of how to improve kidney disease and makes perfect sense that everyone understands."
Mark & Barbara Henswourth, Lowell, Massachusetts
Robert Galarowicz N.D. is the author and creator of, “The All Natural Kidney Health & Kidney Function Restoration Program”, and many customers and consulting clients have used the diet program to learn how to reverse their kidney disease and eliminate symptoms. The program has approval from Nephrologists, medical doctors and chiropractors. Visit to read reviews of what doctors have to say about the program.
The program covers natural and some conventional medical treatments to lower creatinine levels, raise GFR and improve symptoms. It includes over 4 PDF manuals of how to boost kidney function with a diet program, foods, meals, snacks, and includes a 2 week menu plan, multiple lists of foods, an eating out guide, references guides, a printable shopping list and more.
The publisher of the program is Healthy Kidney Publishing that is also founded by Robert Galarowicz who is a Naturopath, Nutritionist and more importantly a kidney sufferer himself. He has been through every stage of kidney disease, has been on dialysis and is currently living with a kidney transplant. His research into kidney disease brings to the public treatments that allow patients to take control of their kidney disease with diet, foods, lifestyle changes, supplements, herbs and so much more. He also believes that anyone with kidney disease should use conventional allopathic medicine but needs to have it done properly.
Healthy Kidney Publishing has a free video of over 7 ways to improve kidney disease at … All recommendations are within the first 3 minutes of the video.
Media Contact
Healthy Kidney Publishing
1 Sears Dr. Fl#3
Paramus, NJ 07652
support@healkidneydisease.comGeneses and Todd’s Hair Studio in Wise, Va., will hold their third annual Cut-A-Thon from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Saturday, March 30, at the salons at 202 Norton Road, Wise, Va.
Stylists will cut hair for a $30 donation for women and a $20 donation for men and children younger than 12.
Proceeds will go to the Food Bank of Wise County. In addition to the funds raised from haircuts, proceeds will be generated from a raffle for free haircuts for one year from each salon, and from a silent auction. Auction items have been donated by local businesses and individuals. Raffle tickets will be sold all day.
The Food Bank of Wise County has provided food assistance to the residents of Wise County and the city of Norton for 26 years. On average, the food bank serves more than 600 families per month out of its two distribution centers on Esserville Road in Norton and on Wood Avenue in Big Stone Gap.
Previous beneficiaries of the Cut-A-Thon were Family Crisis Support Services, which received $10,000 in 2011, and the Southwest Virginia Cancer Center Patient Care Fund, which received $13,100 in 2012.
To make an appointment for the Cut-A-Thon call (276) 328-2875 or (276) 328-1401. Walk-ins are welcome.comments powered by DisqusLithonia hotels
Find a variety of discounted Lithonia hotels available with . There are 518 hotels with available for booking in Lithonia through HotelClub. Lithonia hotels with are also well known for their Amenities and Room cleanliness
- 5 star hotels
- 4 star hotels
- 3 star hotels
- 2 star hotels
- 1 star hotels
- Las Vegas hotels (170 hotels)
- New York hotels (306 hotels)
- San Francisco hotels (149 hotels)
- Los Angeles hotels (118 hotels)
- Orange County hotels (1 hotel)
- West Hollywood hotels (13 hotels)
- San Diego hotels (191 hotels)
- Miami Beach hotels (159 hotels)
- Chicago hotels (138 hotels)
- Washington DC hotels (110 hotels)
518 hotels in Lithonia, US
1 Hyatt Place Atlanta-East/Lithonia
Boasting an array of extensive facilities and soothing ambience, the Hyatt Place Atlanta East Lithonia invites both the business and leisure travellers for a pleasurable retreat. General This... More
2 Fairfield Inn & Suites by Marriott Atlanta East/Lithonia
The Halyards Hotel Port Alfred is set along the waterfront of the famous Royal Alfred Marina and perfectly matches its backdrop. The property forms an ideal base to all the tourists. The hotel... More
3 Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta East/Stonecrest
Featuring luxurious accommodation and excellent facilities, Hilton Garden Inn Atlanta East/Stonecrest is a chic haven of peace, which offers the perfect blend of maximum comfort and immaculate... More
4 Holiday Inn Express & Suites ATLANTA EAST - LITHONIA
Offering inviting accommodation and quality services, the Comfort Suites in Stonecrest is the right choice for business and leisure travellers who are looking for a relaxed and hassle free stay. ... More
5 Microtel Inn & Suites by Wyndham Lithonia/Stone Mountain
Being one of the finest property in Atlanta, the Microtel Inn & Suites By Wyndham Lithonia Stone Mountain has an easy access to the area attractions like the Luther Rice Seminary, New Birth... More
6 Wellesley Inn
A modern hotel that offers comfortable accommodations and meeting rooms close to the airport, Wellesley Inn creates an ideal starting point for travellers in Atlanta, Georgia. Visitors at this... More
7 Motel 6 Atlanta Airport North
Atlanta Airport Hotel is an ideal place for a stopover or a short stay in the city. The quality accommodation and services provided at the hotel create the right atmosphere for an enjoyable... More
8 Red Roof Inn Lithonia
Offering quality service and comfort in an intimate and welcoming environment, the Red Roof Inn Lithonia is just the place for a relaxed and pleasant holiday. The inn is also is surrounded by some... More
9 Knights Inn Lithonia Atlanta East Area
Thank you for choosing our Knights Inn Lithonia Atlanta East Area hotel. Knights Inn is a budget hotel brand with over 370 locations across North America. Hotels provide basic overnight... More
10 Super 8 Decatur/Lithonia/Atl Area
Assuring quality amenities and exceptional service, the Super 8 Motel Decatur Georgia offers a home away from home experience. GeneralThe Super 8 Motel offers internet facilities that can be... MoreWow! It’s been a while since i’ve posted here on the original site, the Facebook page and group have taken precedence for quite some time. Like, a year. Still can’t get the hang of Twitter either. Anyway, here’s all the most current WXPFL news, on the eve of the 1 year anniversary episode of WXPFL Thursday Night Pencil Fights at the Re-Bar!
THE WXPFL TICONDEROGA TOP TEN
With the contendership for WXPFL champion being primarily determined by tournament, we have decided to replace the old contendership rankings with The Ticonderoga Top Ten. Every month, Silas Ticonderoga IV and various gaming officials will determine the top ten power players in the WXPFL, based on win/loss record, audience response and sportsmanship.
1. The San Juan Island Savage
2. The Librarian
3. Balls Deep
4. The Graphite Sheik
5. The Yellow Dragon
6. The Bird
7. Dr. Nefarious
8. Han Sanitizer, Germaphobic Spaceman
9. The Hundred Dollar Man Thaddeus P. Skrilla
10. Jimmie AssholeUPDATE: U.S. health secretary touts Obamacare at Hoboken pharmacy
HOBOKEN — U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius will tout the Affordable Care Act during a visit to northern New Jersey.
Sebelius is slated to join Rite Aid CEP John Standley in Hoboken today. The pharmacy chain is announcing new resources to help customers prepare for the health care program.
Sebelius also plans to visit Newark, where she'll discuss the opportunity for New Jersey residents to enroll in coverage in the health insurance marketplace on Oct. 1.
RELATED COVERAGE
• Obamacare dollars: N.J. to receive more than $2 million from feds to help enroll residents
• N.J. to get $3.4 million from feds to help people enroll in ObamacareWhere to Find Rosca de Reyes in Los Angeles: 3 Bakeries With the King's Ring
The holiday season doesn't end with the ringing of a new year for those celebrating El Día De Los Reyes Magos (Three Kings Day),.
It's a sweet breadlike cake, shaped into an oval ring and dotted with multi-colored candied fruit and, sometimes, trinkets. A figurine of baby Jesus is typically baked inside the ring and, depending on the culture, whoever finds it will either have to throw a party with tamales and atole or gets to be king or queen of the feast.
At some bakeries, this seasonal pastry is best ordered in advance to guarantee that you'll have one in time for the holiday. Check out the following three bakeries, with locations from Santa Monica to Downey, for a king's ring of your own.
La Mascota Bakery: This East L.A. bakery, open since 1952, is a neighborhood go-to for sweet or savory breads, holiday staples such as pan de muerto, and, on Sundays, menudo. While you're there for your order of rosca de reyes, you may as well pick up a dozen or so of their tamales, just in case you find the figurine in your slice and will have to host that party. 2715 Whittier Blvd., Los Angeles; (323) 263-5513.
La Monarca Bakery: La Monarca's version of the rosca de reyes features multi-colored strips of dried fruit, a liberal scattering of sugar and the occasional pecan. There are four locations from eastside to west, allowing for pick-up at a relatively convenient spot. East L.A.:.
Porto's: This high-volume bakery cafe, known for Cuban specialities including guava strudels and papas rellenas, offers dark golden rosca de reyes in two sizes, small and large. At busy hours, parking can be a drag to find and the lines may hold you up for a while. To make your time worthwhile, consider having a pressed medianoche sandwich with roast pork, ham and Swiss cheese for lunch followed by a single-shot cortadito. Burbank: 3614 W. Magnolia Blvd., Burbank; (818) 846-9100. Downey: 8233 Firestone Blvd., Downey; (562) 862-8888. Glendale: 315 N. Brand Blvd., Glendale; (818) 956-5996.
See also: 10 Best Bakeries inFor a long time, perhaps millions of years, the common soil bacterium Agrobacterium tumefaciens has been doing what molecular biologists are now striving to do. It has been inserting foreign genes into plants and getting the plants to express those genes in the form of proteins.
--Mary-Dell
Chilton
The bacterium Agrobacterium tumefaciens (AT) causes plants to form a tumor, called a gall, located most commonly at the crown of the plant--the junction of root and stem. This "crown gall disease" affects broad-leafed plants such as fruit trees, grapes, and ornamental plants.
The disease has been known since the turn of the century, when scientists determined that AT isolated from a crown gall and inoculated into a wound in a healthy plant would cause the latter to develop a tumor as well.
Scientists suspected by the early 1970s that the causative agent must be nucleic acid in some mobile form that can be transferred from the bacterium to the plant and incorporated into the plant cells, probably carried by a virus or a plasmid. A plasmid is a small piece of "auxiliary" double-stranded DNA, separate from the regular host chromosomes, carrying special genes that may confer survival advantages or other characteristics—traits such as antibiotic resistance, pathogenicity, or ability to metabolize rare compounds.
In the late 1970s, UW microbiologists Mary-Dell Chilton, Eugene W. Nester, and Milton P. Gordon were the first to prove that it was DNA from a plasmid in Agrobacteriumthat was transferred and integrated into the plant DNA to cause crown gall tumors. Furthermore, they identified which particular plasmid DNA segments were involved. In fact, the UW team deduced the first genetic map of one of the tumor-inducing plasmids.
"This natural case of genetic engineering of plants is of major importance to biology because it demonstrates that DNA can be transferred between biological kingdoms," emphasizes Nester. Moreover, he notes, Agrobacterium has become the major vector for genetic engineering of plants.
Chilton explains that the unique biological characteristics of this plasmid make it a natural agent for gene transfer. It causes pieces of plasmid DNA to be inserted into the plant DNA. The host plant then maintains that foreign genetic material, replicating it along with the host plant's own genes, which are transcribed to ultimately produce proteins. The general strategy would therefore be to design a "recombinant" plasmid containing a foreign gene that codes for a desired trait that is to be transferred to the plant. The trait might be resistance to herbicides, for example, or the ability to synthesize a specific protein of commercial interest, like an antibiotic. Next, the recombinant plasmid is transferred into Agrobacterium. Finally, bacteria containing these modified plasmids are inoculated into the host plant and go about their business of inserting plasmid DNA fragments into the host plant cells. The first genetically engineered food now available in supermarkets, the "Flavor-Savr" tomato, owes its existence to gene transfer by Agrobacterium.Book your room at Hotel-Restaurant Du Golf
Hotel in Cabourg with restaurant and outdoor pool
Collect 200 points
Simply enter your Nectar card number when prompted. Your points will be credited 30 days after you return from your trip.*Offers may apply
Location
Situated in Cabourg, this hotel is within 2 mi (3 km) of Cabourg Public Golf, Casino Gardens, and Cabourg Beach. Cabourg-Le Home Golf is 2.1 mi (3.4 km) away.
Hotel Features
This hotel features a restaurant, an outdoor pool, and a bar/lounge. Free WiFi in public areas and free self parking are also provided. Other amenities include meeting rooms and a garden.
Room Amenities
All 39 soundproofed rooms feature free WiFi and room service. Guests will also find TVs, hair dryers, and phones.Information missing or incorrect? Tell us!
Hotel Amenities
Hotel Amenities WiFi
- Meeting rooms
- Garden
- Restaurant
- Number of meeting rooms - 3
-
- Soundproofed rooms
- Phone
- Hair dryer
- Desk
- Television
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Free WiFi
- Room service (limited hours)
- Free cribs/infant beds.
- Fee for buffet breakfast:.On Jul 21, 6:06 am, scott(dot)marl(dot)(dot)(dot)(at)gmail(dot)com (Scott Marlowe) wrote: > On Mon, Jul 20, 2009 at 9:35 PM, Krade<kr(dot)(dot)(dot)(at)krade(dot)com> wrote: > > But I think I might just do: > > select * from a where comment_tsv @@ plainto_tsquery('query') and timestamp > >> cast(floor(extract(epoch from CURRENT_TIMESTAMP) - 864000) as integer) > > order by timestamp desc limit 24 offset 0; > > > And if I get less than 24 rows, issue the regular query: > > > select * from a where comment_tsv @@ plainto_tsquery('query') order by > > timestamp desc limit 24 offset 0; > > Couldn't you do tge second query as a with query then run another > query to limit that result to everything greater than now()-xdays ? > > -- > Sent via pgsql-performance mailing list (pgsql-performa(dot)(dot)(dot)(at)postgresql(dot)org) > To make changes to your subscription: :) -- Valentine GogichashviliMariscos 785-312-9057
Visit website 4821 W 6th St Ste A, SE Corner of 6th & Wakarusa, Lawrence, KS 66049 Opens today at 8 a.m.
Menu & Staff / Catering Menu
Take a look at our unique Catering Menu
Mariscos understands that you have unique tastes and desires for your catering event. This is a guide to help you create something special for the people you wish to host. We take pride in creating the best dining experience that’s just right for you.
Weddings and Rehearsal Dinners If you are planning a wedding, rehearsal dinner or bridal shower, let Mariscos create a successful and memorable occasion. We can accommodate parties up to 50 at our Top Shelf Bar or suggest a local venue and we'll cater it there.
Receptions - Rehearsal Dinners - Wedding Brunches Engagement Parties - Bridal ShowersISBN13: 9780425269442
ISBN10: 0425269442 Condition: Standard All Product Details
Whipping up chocolate-orange scones at pastry school is Dakota Walkers passion, but shell never give up the Friday Night Knitting Club at Walker and Daughter, the coziest yarn shop in Manhattan. The club is also a haven for Peri, Darwin, Lucie, K.C., Anita, and Catherine—Dakotas dearest friends, big sisters, and sometimes surrogate mothers.
With the holidays just around the corner, the women have reason to celebrate: Theres a special wedding planned for New Years Day. And in the meantime, Dakota is finishing a sweater her mother started before she was born. As she takes on her mothers pattern, she learns that there was much more history in these stitches than she had anticipated, and to build on her mothers legacy, Dakota must become the woman she truly desires to be.
READERS GUIDE INSIDE
Featured Titles » Literature
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » A to Z
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » Contemporary Women
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » Family Life
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » Featured Titles
Fiction and Poetry » Romance » ContemporaryFontmatrix is a font manager built with the kind of features and abilities graphic designers, layout pros, and others have felt necessary, but modernized with some new touches.
fontmatrix is a manager built with the kind of features and abilities graphic designers, layout professionals along with others have felt necessary, but modernized with some new touches.
Fontmatrix has a concept of ‘tagging'..
Install Fontmatrix in Ubuntu 10.04
Open the terminal and run the following command
sudo apt-get install fontmatrix
After installing fontmatrix you can open from Applications>Graphics>Fontmatrix
Screenshot
Sponsored Link
Incoming search terms:
- fontmatrix
- ubuntu fontmatrix
- fontmatrix ubuntu
- fontmatrix manual
- best font manager ubuntu
- font matrix
- fontmatrix ppa
I prefer Font Manager:
[Reply]Overwhelmed? Let us show you a simple path to top rankings.
Get top rankings in Google
- Get your business found on Google, social media and local sites
- Track your progress along the way
Learn how SEO works along the way
- Learn SEO as you optimize your own web presence
- Leverage our SEO experts and get help as needed
Easy to follow action plan
- Stop wasting time figuring out what to do - we show you the way!
- Help you go from novice to expert and grow business at same timeMac DeMarco interview: "We’ve got a bunch of new toys to play with onstage"
The quirky Canuck delves into self-analysis on a surprisingly introspective new LP
The Canadian musician Mac DeMarco has inspired something of a cult following for his rude, lewd and sometimes nude stage antics—oh, and his songs. Still, despite his brand of so-called “jizz jazz,” DeMarco sounds strikingly introspective on his second full-length, Salad Days. We caught up with the new Brooklynite at the warehouse of his label, Captured Tracks, to talk self-awareness and salad.
The first lyrics on Salad Days are, “As I’m getting older, chip upon my shoulder.” The lamentations spread outward from there.
I guess it’s a little serious. A couple of things happened to me over the last few years of touring: Some have been good; some have been bad. Some of it is pinching myself to make sure I’m not acting like a prick or feeling jaded. We kind of just wound up in New York in the middle of the tour and my girlfriend was down here, and we weren’t set that up in any way. She’s not a U.S. citizen and I’m not; things are just complicated. In general, going from playing shows to, like, nobody a couple years to playing to a whole bunch of people: I’ve become a public thing for some people now. It gets a little weird, I think.
Many of the new song titles have an active request. Are you giving advice?
For the most part, I think it’s me trying to give myself advice. All of the songs are pretty personal; it’s just me reflecting. That’s more or less what it is—me being like, Come on, man.
How does that reflective air jibe with the take-it-easy persona you’ve cultivated?
Maybe I’m portrayed that way or come off that way—and I am a pretty easygoing person—but when I get a chance to sit down and think about it, it’s a little bit different.
What’s your favorite salad?
I’m not really a salad guy. But I did start eating this salad from the corner store: a chicken Ceasar. Little bit of meat, little bit of salad; that’s about it.
What’s this I hear about cocaine-mirror merchandise?
I’m not sure if they’ve been made yet. We’re definitely trying to get some funky items for this album. I think they’re doing a life-size cutout of me holding the record for the record stores.
Fast Times–style. Tell me about your Tyler, the Creator collaboration.
Late summer or fall, we’ve got a double album with 25 songs on it coming out called White Chocolate. It’s my first opportunity to try producing rap. We worked with a couple people, but it’s basically him rapping and me making beats.
The latest record feels very raw.
I’m not a professional recording guy by any means. I do it myself and to the best of my ability. During this album, a lot of my gear was breaking and shit. So, if I got a take where there wasn’t a super fucked-up amount of hiss or the tape didn’t snap, I’d be like, “Okay, that’s the one.” It’s the way it works with the stuff I’m working with. I like the way it turns out.
Do you have any onstage tomfoolery planned for this tour?
We’ve decided, let’s drop all the shit we do now because we’re so sick of doing it and just let new stuff come to light. We’ve got a bunch of new toys to play with onstage. It’ll be interesting to see how it pans out.
Were you pretty pumped about Canadian hockey this year?
Did they win the Olympics?
The men and the women.
Well, there you go. That makes me proud but I’m not a huge hockey guy. A lot of people are confused when I’m like, “Oh, I don’t really know about hockey”—because I’m Canadian. For me, the hockey guys in high school were just the biggest fucking apes. So, they kind of turned me off.
Mac DeMarco plays Baby's All Right Apr 8 and Webster Hall Apr 9.
- Get LivefyreMaybe it’s that Mom and Dad’s dining room is now finished off so nicely, that I can’t help but want one of my own. Or maybe it’s that it’s been months since I’ve worked on this room and I’m too project A.D.D. to not switch back whenever the hell I want to. Or, simply, I’m tired of having absolutely everything that belongs in the dining room and kitchen (including furniture) piled high in my living room like an episode of Hoarders.
Yeah, probably the last one. But at any rate, I’m ready to get the walls in my dining room finished off. I’ve already sketched up my game plan, finalized the paint color, purchased new curtains and rugs, installed picture frame molding, and now, all that’s really left is sanding down the skim coat on the walls and slapping the paint on.
Well, technically, I’ll probably need to do one more skim coat and sand job after this before the walls are up to my perfectionist standards, but at least the first round is already done. And I have a nifty new tool to help me move a little faster than previous rooms. So I’m simply (impatiently) setting a goal this month to finish these walls and reclaim this room.
Crossing my fingers and stretching out my arms… ready, set, go!
P.S. Today’s the first evening of the Haven Conference, so if you follow me on Instagram, be prepared to see my feed turn into an equation that pretty much looks like this: [Sarah + beer + other bloggers you enjoy reading + other random bloggers putting on their party pants = total of Instagram feed for 3 days]. Just a head’s up, especially if you find the chance of me accidentally putting a ridiculously embarrassing picture of myself on the internet entertaining (oh, wait – I’ve done that before. Carry on).
I wish I had instagram just for this! Have a great time and please don’t feel odd woman out–you have come too far in this blogging arena to feel like the awkward duck. :)
Thank you for posting this project. I have spent soooo many hours looking for info on how far down from the chair rail the molding should be etc…Now I know!!! ;) I was working on a house that was built in 1901. Every bit of detail had been removed. It had 70’s paneling on every wall. Yuck!!! I was set to bring it back to life. Unfortunatly we had to move do to family. But now I have what I need to start on my new house. Thanks.
So sweet. It was a great time – saw a lot of friends who I rarely get to see but for this conference (it’s kind of funny to be close to so many people I never would have met without the blog!). I only wish it had gone on longer!
I love the picture frame molding!!! I am definitely going to try this in my dining room!Program Overview Who we are, what we do
Washington and Lee's Shepherd Program for the Interdisciplinary Study of Poverty and Human Capability began in 1997 with support from Nancy and Tom Shepherd '52. It.
Academic Study.
Co-Curricular Activities:
• pre-orientation service trips for entering students led by upper-level undergraduates
• eight-week summer internships for law and undergraduate students
• intense community engagement through a Bonner Program
• a Campus Kitchen that retrieves unused food in order to join persons at multiple agencies for meals or snack time
• a Nabors Service League that organizes student service in the local community and at other locations during University holidays
• direct service and focused community-based research linked with courses
• a post-graduate Elrod Fellowship Program for continuing education after graduation.
Long-Term Impact.New expectations, now lower than ever...
This morning's paper has the latest desperate redefinition of non-defeat from the LDP anonymice. According to sources, Junichiro Koizumi will continue to serve as party leader and prime minister even if the LDP manages to win just 44 seats. LDP leader in the House of Councillors Mikio Aoki is also rapidly backing away from the line of "51 seats or bust" he drew only a week ago. “I am not the one who will be deciding whether or not we are in the post-Koizumi era,” he says.
The brighter minds within the LDP are discovering the main problem with setting up a line dividing victory from defeat: the LDP lacks a consensus Plan B candidate ready to step in should Koizumi be forced to commit political seppuku for failing to meet the party's performance goals. The main pretender to the post of party president and prime minister, Takeo Hiranuma, lacks the full backing of the party. Other candidates often mentioned as potential Koizumi successors--former chief cabinet secretary Yasuo Fukuda, former home affairs minister Tarō Aso and finance minister Sadakazu Tanigaki--are all either laboring under a cloud (Fukuda, who had to resign as chief cabinet minister because of his having been caught with his pants down in the pension non-payment scandal) or are too ridiculous to be taken seriously (Tanigaki, who is a sweet-natured flake. His status as one of the LDP's “leaders of tomorrow” never fails to amaze me). As for a new Cabinet, no one even has a clue even about the criteria the party might use to select a new lineup.
The lack of serious preparations for a post-Koizumi succession highlights one the LDP's campaign weaknesses: a too-brief roster of significant party luminaries. After Koizumi, Aoki, LDP secretary-general Shinzō Abe and minister for the environment Yuriko Koike (an Arabic-speaking former television news anchor), the party has few stars capable of whipping up any enthusiasm among the voters. The rest of the party is either too decrepit, too abrasive or too young to defend the party's record in a convincing fashion.
The stark contrast between the LDP's thin lineup at the top and the Democratic Party's deep bench of knowledgeable, telegenic leaders is no accident. It is not due to "bright policies attracting bright people" or whatever other nonsense activists might be peddling. The bright lights of the DPJ are the bright lights of the LDP, or at least they would have been had Ichiro Ozawa not bolted in the 1990s taking an entire generation with him into the political wilderness.
The latest poll figures on the proportional vote:
DPJ 24%
LDP 22%
Komeitō * 6%
Communists * 3%
Socialists 2%
* Komeitō and Communist Party supporters lie to pollsters about their voting intentions in order help their parties perform better than expected on election day.Dealers in Pleasant Garden, NC
CarDealExpert is the Only Place to Look When Buying a New or Used Car in Pleasant Garden, North Carolina
It's no secret that many car dealers in Pleasant Garden North Carolina will charge as much for a car as possible if a prospective customer hasn't educated themselves and prepared for negotiations ahead of time. Instead of overpaying for your next Pleasant Garden North Carolina purchase, why not let the professionals at CarDealExpert help you get the best deal possible?
CarDealExpert is here to save you money. When you buy a new or used car in Pleasant Pleasant Garden, North Carolina, you will find comfort in the fact that CarDealExpert will find you the best possible price available. We work with several dealers in Pleasant Garden to give you superior quality and expert negotiating ability in your search efforts for that perfect car.
Finally, if you have a few friends that are also in the Pleasant Garden market for a new or used automobile, you can all save money by using the upcoming "Social New and Used Car Buying Application", which you can learn about at the Car Deal Expert Facebook Page. Be sure and Like us!No idea if this has been done before but with all the talk of recent about the best option for a Menu or Navigation icon for use on small screens in responsive design I thought, why not?
See the Smashing Magazine article.
And Chris Coyier's line up of 3-line icons.
keyboard shortcuts: ← previous shot → next shot L or F like Z toggle zoomHighlights
- 1.5-hour private tour of Madrid’s Prado Museum led by a knowledgeable guide
- Skip the line with your priority entrance ticket and head straight inside the Prado Museum
- Learn about King Charles III who commissioned the building to be built in the late 18th century
- See masterpieces by influential European artists like Hieronymus Bosch and Fra Angelico
- Admire Velazquez’s Las Meninas painting, and discover why it's one of the most talked-about works in Western art
What You Can Expect
Admire the Prado Museum's architecture as well as its art!.
Customer Reviews
August 2014
She was amazing - our tour guide ties different periods of art history together explaining the various influences certain artist la had on each other and on specific movements - she was the best! Strongly recommend her.
July 2013
I highly recommend this for anyone traveling from another country. Cutting to the chase in regard to the highlights of the facility are nice whenever time is an issue. The tour guide knows exactly what major highlights to show you in a timely fashion and is wonderful at knowing the history.Release Date:
June 1, 1996
Date Published:
June 1, 1996
details
PVG Licensed Art & SoundtrackA stunning songbook featuring 10 songs from the movie and full-color artwork throughout. Includes the songs: The Bells of Notre Dame * Out There * God Help the Outcasts * Someday * and more.
Genre: Juvenile Nonfiction
Sub-Genre: Music / Songbooks
- Genre: Juvenile Nonfiction
- Subgenre: Music / Songbooks
- Age: 9-12 years
- Language: English
- Author: Alan Menken , Stephen Schwartz
other Info.
- Online Item #: 12154217
- Store Item Number (DPCI): 248-39-1963
- ISBN: 9780793562848
- Item can be gift wrapped.
- Made in the USA or ImportedCincinnati, OH (PRWEB) March 08, 2013
Replacement engines for automobiles, SUVs and trucks are unlike most retail items. These motors require special freight handling and pricing often changes between sellers. The UsedEngines.co company is now supplying its used engines in Ohio to better serve the Midwest market. The major cities like Toledo, Columbus, Cincinnati and Sandusky are now part of the distribution network of this company. More details can be read online at usedengines.co.
Many junkyards and salvage companies specialize in replacement auto parts in used condition. While these resources have a large inventory, quality can be a factor when searching for parts. Essentials in vehicles like motors and transmissions are not supplied by all retailers. Most automobile dealerships supply these types of parts directly to the public.
The resources now available online for Midwest states like Ohio are providing better options for engine purchases. The preowned motors now shipped supply the quality buyers cannot find locally.
Shortages of some engines can be found in many states. This is due in part to high shipping costs charged by some freight companies. A large percentage of distribution companies are located in cities like Dallas, Los Angeles and New York City.
Buyers purchasing motors from these distribution cities must pay freight costs as well as the purchase price of a motor. The UsedEngines.co company has now terminated freight costs charged to customers. This free shipping for engines is exclusive to this company and now applies to the new Ohio shipments.
The new Midwest engine shipments that are supplied by this company are in response to expanded distribution in other states. Houston, Texas is one of the largest used auto parts markets in the country. A new distribution network has been recently announced there by this company.
The news release for the Texas shipment announcements can be read at. The involvement of these larger distribution cities is expected to increase company sales volume this year. New cities are expected to be announced as more distribution contracts are signed.
The Used Engines Co. now distributes preowned motors to select cities in the U.S. This company has built one of the largest distribution networks found online. The low pricing measures used by company management has resulted in annual sales increases each year. Warranty information is supplied with each customer shipment made by this company. This effort is to help educate customers and announce updated warranty terms. The Used Engines Co. uses top freight companies to supply its motors to owners of vehicles, mechanics and other trade industry clients.Possible Answer
Section 3.3 Derivatives of Logarithmic and Exponential Functions 2010 Kiryl Tsishchanka THEOREM: We have d dx (ax) = ax lna In particular, if a = e, then - read more
The derivatives of trig functions are a bit different. Look at the sine function, and the slope of the sine function - read more
Please vote if the answer you were given helped you or not, thats the best way to improve our algorithm. You can also submit an answer or search documents about derivative of sin2x cos2x.Let the appliqué bead trim neckline add that extra flash of glamour to your daylook. There's no doubt about it, this Rebecca Taylor dress is sure to become a wardrobe classic. Shown here with a Miu Miu coat, an Anya Hindmarch bag and Christian Louboutin boots
Teal ribbed knit sweater dress with appliqué bead trim neck. Rebecca Taylor dress has a V-neck, short sleeves, a frilled hem and simply slips on. 77% rayon, 23% polyester. Dry clean. US sizing. This style runs true to size.
Product code: 36595 - Need help? Contact usThank you!
Your email has been successfully subscribed.
Please enter a valid email address.
Please note special shipping rules for this item:
- Shipping delivery time may vary, but overnight shipping is possible.
- Signature is required.
- Must be present to sign for the package.
- No delivery over the weekend.
- Cannot be shipped to a FedEx restricted delivery zone
Guaranteed delivery for Valentine's Day not available for this item.
The gigantic Big Hunka Love Diamond Bear is a 4½-foot-tall, cuddly Vermont Teddy Bear stuffed with more than enough love to last a lifetime.
He's as handsome as they come with a romantic red velvet bowtie. At the center of this gift's "wow factor" is an exquisite, one-of-a-kind, 5.90 carat diamond ring made
exclusively for the Big Hunka Love Diamond Bear by Perrywinkle's Fine Jewelry in Burlington, Vermont. This magnificent piece of handcrafted jewelry features a stunning
5.05 carat "fire rose" diamond flanked by two half-moon diamonds for a total weight of 5.90 carats. Discounts and Special Offers are not valid on this item.
Order a Teddy Bear for Valentine's Day
Not looking to spend $30,000? We have over 100 Bears for Valentine's Day, or any occasion!
Please note special guarantee, warranty and return policies pertaining to the ring from Perrywinkle's Fine Jewelry:, EGL,.
Due to the special value of this item it is only available for purchaseby calling one of our Bear Counselors at 1-800-829-BEAR (2327)The privacy of our visitors to barschool.com is important to us.
At barschool.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit bars also note:
*.)
Webmaster Contact Information
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the barschool.com privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at infobarschool@yahoo.com).Systematic estimation were retrospective database analysis and hospital-based surveillance study. Only one study was a household-based survey. A wide cost range was identified (e.g., inpatient care US$79.91 to $858.40 and outpatient care $13.06 to $64.10), depending on the methods, study perspective, and type of costs included. ABSTRACT ONLY. (Learn how users in developing countries can gain free access to journal articles.)
Author: Takemoto ML, Bahia L, Toscano CM, Araujo DV
Published: 2013
» Visit web page (English)
(Located at)
Citation: Takemoto ML, Bahia L, Toscano CM, Araujo DV. Systematic Review of Studies on Rotavirus Disease Cost-of-Illness and Productivity Loss in Latin America and the Caribbean. Vaccine. 2013;31(Suppl 3):C45-C57.
Resource types: Peer-reviewed journal
Diseases/vaccines: Rotavirus
Topics: Immunization financing, Disease/vaccine specific information
Regions: Latin America and the Caribbean
Home > Food and Drink
< Previous Next >
THE COURTYARD
Open Monday to Saturday from 5.30pm. Last orders taken 9pm (or later if pre-booked). Booking preferred, please, on 01387 254 316As well as our current a la carte menu, (please click here ) we offer aDaily Special Menu1 course £15.952 Courses with Coffee and Fudge £19.953 Courses with Coffee and Fudge £24.95
We have a great selection of sandwiches, includingour Station Steakwich, our Classic Club or our Goats Cheese, Bacon and Onion Marmalade Panino,Starters such as Tempura Prawns or Garlic Mushroomsand lunch time favourites like Pasta, Baked Potaoes and Mince'n'Tattiesas well as our our Seasonal Daily Lunch Specialsall served in the bright and relaxing Lounge bar, 12 noon til 2pm Monday to Saturday.For a full Lunch Menu, click here .
1 course £15.952 Courses with Coffee and Fudge £19.953 Courses with Coffee and Fudge £24.95Light lunches also available
Yes, there really is somewhere in Dumfries to go for a quiet grown-up drink!Our Bar is open to non-residents throughout the day and evening from 11.00 am until 11.00 pm Sunday to Thursdayand until 1.00 am on Fridays and Saturdays. We have a great selection of wines by the glass, and single malt whiskies, as well as Belhaven Best, Tennants Lager, Stella Artois, Guinness and St Andrew's Ale on draught.
Room Hire charges may applyWe are the first choice for Private Dining, too, offering great value when you design your own menu based on our flexible Menu Selectors. Our Pullman Room is the perfect venue for an a Golden wedding Anniversary lunch or dinner, a pre-wedding dinner or a breakfast networking meeting, for example.
If you are planning a family get-together, such as a christening or special birthday, call us on 01387 254316 to arrange a show round of rooms and begin discussions about your perfect personalised menu. If you would like us to send you our current Menu selectors for buffets of all types as well as sit-down meals, please email us .
If you are organising a day trip for a large group to Dumfries or are passing through, there is nowhere better than our Bruce Room to enjoy a delicious High Tea or Lunch. Please call us on 01387 254316 or click here to request a 2012 High Tea Menu .."
The National Intelligence Estimate made by all 16 of the U.S. Intelligence agencies reported in 2007 and again in 2011 there was no evidence that Iran had made a decision to convert its nuclear development efforts into a weapons program. Iran's new president, Hassan Rouhani, was elected on a pledge to get U.S. sanctions lifted and to end Iran's isolation. The nation's supreme authority, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has issued a fatwa against an Iranian nuclear weapon. Yet Graham has repeated his call for a military attack on Iran over and over for at least the past three years. On September 20, 2010, Graham acknowledged that such an attack might well open a "Pandora's box" of unforeseen and unintended consequences, but added: "If you allow Iran to get a nuclear weapon, you've emptied Pandora's box. I'd rather open up Pandora's box than empty it." In November of that year, he predicted that if President Obama should decide to get "tough with Iran beyond sanctions" he would enjoy "a lot of Republican support for the idea that we cannot let Iran develop a nuclear weapon." At the same time, Graham made it clear that he would not be satisfied with a limited attack on Iran's nuclear facilities. The bombing campaign he envisioned would be far more extensive.
"Instead of a surgical strike on their nuclear infrastructure," he said, ."
President Obama's planned meeting with Iran's Rouhani at the United Nations will likely not sit well with Graham, who announced nearly a year ago, on October 21, 2012, that "the time for talking [with Iran] is over."
The effort to smash Iran's ability to wage war by an intensive aerial bombardment might please Iran's enemies in Israel and its neighbors in Saudi Arabia, as well as the neocon warhawks in Washington, but the sight of more dead civilians, including women and children, buried as "collateral damage" under U.S. bombs would no doubt inflame anti-American sentiment in the Near and Middle East, destabilize shaky markets, and spark a dramatic rise in oil prices that have begun to drop since the Russian-brokered agreement between the United States and Syria over Bashar al-Assad's chemical weapons reduced the likelihood of military confrontation with Syria. What's more, the resolution Graham calls for would be, as columnist Pat Buchanan has pointed out, a "preemptive surrender" of Congress's power to declare war by granting the president a "blank check" to wage war against Iran at the time and under the conditions of his own determination.
"That Vladimir Putin is going to Tehran, and Obama to the U.N. to meet Rouhani is good news," Buchanan wrote. "Better news would be that Congressional anti-interventionists were meeting Graham's war resolution with one of their own, reaffirming that, as of today, Obama has no authority to launch any preemptive or presidential war on Iran."Rodney Strong Chalk Hill Chardonnay 2010, Sonoma County
Chardonnay
Californie, États-Unis
$18.75 (275552)
Critic Reviews (5)
Community Reviews (1)
Medium straw to light gold in colour with a medium+ intense nose.
Positives: Lots of flavour and good balance between tropical and citric fruit featuring medium+ toasted oak, lots of butter, lemon, butterscotch, mango, pineapple, cinnamon apple, marzipan and limestone. Medium+ body, good acidity and a fairly long length.
Negatives: A little sourness on the finish.
Interesting Things: Always nice to see a California Chard under 14% alcohol and not lose the creaminess. A day later the taste was equally good with less sourness on the finish.
Drink now on its own or pair it with grilled pork tenderloin with a peach & mango glaze.
Tasted: 3 Aug 12
Best Buy
Score: 9+/10, Value: 9+/10, Total: 18.5/20
Out of 5 stars, I rated this wine 4.5
Visit my websiteC on CNN
Austen on TWIST
George on Colbert Report
Resurrection (Neanderthals & Dinosaurs)
Glowing Plants
First Gene Party
Trustee @Singularity University I like building infrastructures: mobile, media, wireless, broadband, internet, health, synthetic biology; silicon valley veteran
CEO @Cambrian Genomics; EECS Seoul National Korea, Trinity College Duke. First in the world to use lasers to retrieve sequence verified DNA.
Founded, led and sold Blue Heron Biotechnology. Scientist with a strong business background.
Optical Physicist at Cambrian Genomics. Harvard, and Berkeley Physics Ph.D. Inventor of super resolution structural illumination microscope technologies.
PhD at UCSF, Postdoc at Stanford, Synthetic Biology and Optogenetics. Invented photographic bacterial film and laser-control of mammalian cell circuitry.
CEO of Glowing Plant. Ex strategy consultant (Bain, Oliver Wyman), INSEAD MBA with distinction.
Tulane Biomedical Engineering BS/MSc. Automation developmer at Ion Torrent. Flow Cell developmer at Cambrain Genomics. Interested in economic diagnostic devices
Gene assembly, genetic engineering, microscopy;
Postdoc at Energy Biosciences Institute; PhD in Molecular and Cell Biology at University of California, Berkeley
Works at @Gunderson Dettmer • @Berkeley Law and @Berkeley undergraduate • Represents clients in IPOs, M&As, VC financings, and angel rounds • Uncomfortably tall
CEO @Cambrian Genomics; EECS Seoul National Korea, Trinity College Duke. First in the world to use lasers to retrieve sequence verified DNA.THUNDER BAY - Caregivers have hit the picket line looking for a wage increase.
About 75 people with HAGI Community Services for Independence went on strike Wednesday morning at six locations throughout the city. Workers there, represented by United Food and Commercial Workers, have been without a contract since last September.
"We've been bargaining with the employer for the past six months," union representative Colby Flank said.
The group was waiting for HAGI's provincial funding to come through, which came at a zero per cent increase. Workers haven't seen a wage increase since July of 2009, the main sticking point in the strike Flank said.
The union called HAGI Monday night to say members were striking but have yet to hear back from the employer.
Executive director David Shannon said a wage increase, along with benefit increases, was offered for this year and next but was rejected. Conciliation and mediation also took place over the past two weeks.
"That brought us very close very close on all issues but not close enough unfortunately," he said.
He's hoping that an agreement can be reached as soon as possible.
"We're going to do everything we can to continue discussions to extend good will," he said.
In the meantime HAGI is bringing in replacement workers along with coordinators and managers to continue care. Support workers provide everything from bathing to getting people out into the community on a daily basis.
"We're very worried that some of these folks will be isolated and not receive basic and fundamental care, therefore we truly don't want their health to be compromised," Shannon said.
(0)
tbnewswatch.com
Events
King of the Lobster Supper
The Wellness Experience Showcase III
Lectures
Air Aware Public Event
Music
New Directions Speakers’ School
Art Exhibits
Aboriginal Arts & Crafts Show and SaleHinds Says UConn is No. 1 on List
Mount Vernon point guard Jabarie Hinds enjoyed his weekend visit to UConn so much, they jumped to the top of his list.
“They’re No. 1 on my list,” Hinds said Sunday.
Hinds is also considering West Virginia, which he visits Oct. 15, and UNLV, which he has already been to.
The 5-foot-11 Hinds may also take an official to UCLA Oct. 23, but he could pull the trigger before then.
“I might make a decision before that,” he said.
With UConn junior point guard Kemba Walker likely to go pro after this season, the Huskies need a starting point guard for 2011.
“Kemba’s supposed to leave after this year so the opportunity’s going to be there,” Hinds said. “Coach [Jim] Calhoun told me he wants me. He saw me play with the team and said I can come in and play right away.”
Former Mount Vernon star Ben Gordon thrived at UConn and is now in the NBA.
“Obviously, Mount Vernon has had tremendous success with Coach Calhoun and UConn before,” Mount Vernon coach Bob Cimmino said.
Asked if he thought Hinds could step in as a freshman and start in the Big East, Cimmino said Hinds wasn’t worried about starting.
“I don’t think that’s very important to him,” Cimmino said. “As long as he’s happy and comfortable with his surroundings. That’s our goal, to find a comfortable place where he can thrive.”
As for what Hinds will bring to the college level, Cimmino added:
“He’s a very, very disciplined hard worker. He will bring a tenacity on defense and his athleticism to any program.
“In addition, he’s very similar to Ben in that he has great qualities to assimilate. Some people push themselves in a new situation. He’ll watch where he walks for a little while and he’ll quickly assimilate and understand what it takes in that particular program to be successful.”
Follow Adam Zagoria on TwitterJoey Barton: Gay footballers would face discrimination’s pretty obvious that gay footballers would face discrimination, which is why the FA should do something about homophobia in football.
Unfortunately it’s an international sport and an international problem requires an international solution. I doubt FIFA care since they believe Qatar is an appropriate venue for a world cup…
Homophobia should be tackled by clubs, national bodies and FIFA …
Racism (whilst not always dealt with as effectively as everyone would like) is generally not accepted in football – partly due to the great work of “Show Racism the Red Card” campaign … Yes, there is more work to be done on racism, but progress is clear …
Homophobia has not been given the same priority and that is shameful for FIFA, the FA and many clubs …
This however is the same FIFA who feel Qatar is an appropriate venue for the world cup and that if “gays” have problems with this, that the solution is “to refrain from sexual activities” …
The same FIFA who want Brazil to change their law to permit beer to be sold in world cup venues (and “will not negotiate” on this) – wonder if they will have the same approach in Qatar?
The same FIFA whose president said “Look at womans football, homosexuality is more popular there”
The same FIFA President who believed a player should be applauded for his affair.
Somehow I don’t believe it when Joey Barton of all footballers comes all over touchy-feely. He may well not be homophobic, but gay-friendly seems at odds with my general perception of him.
Maybe that says more about you than him?
He’s not the sharpest crayon in the box nor is he the most even tempered and his new moustache makes him look a bit like Hitler (in my opinion) but by contributing to this documentary he is at least trying to draw attention to the problems that exist in football for gay men. What is everybody else doing?
What is it about Barton that causes you to pre judge him as being unlikely to be gay friendly?
Is it he is a footballer?
Is it his criminal record?
Is it his outspoken nature?
None of these shout out intolerant or prejudiced to LGBT people (necessarily) to me ….
Assumptions are dangerous things and often cause us to end up with egg on our faces, unless we are careful …
@ Dan Filson, don’t use this forum to peddle your prejudice. Joey Barton is extremely bright and cultivated by footballing standards. His hero is (queer) icon Morrissey, which I think tells you all you need to know. He may have a chequered past, but he’s a decent guy.
Could you explain to me what makes him a decent guy?
What standards are you judging him by that says he is not …?
Well at least he’s not trotting out the lie that it’s the football fans who are to blame for football’s bigotry.
Homophobia in football needs to be addressed by the FA.
I think it’s time to start naming names. Who are the football managers who are homophobic? And why are they still employed. They need to be removed from football.
Whilst undoubtedly there are some football fans who are homophobic, they are responsible for their own bigotry
The clubs, FA and FIFA are responsible (at different levels) for the culture of the game …
It would be interesting both who the managers are and what the evidence is …
The only problems I have with your comment asking why they are still employed is that it sounds like a witch hunt and recently you ridiculed a club who stood up to homophobia and sacked a player. I find your demanding sacking after criticising a club who did sack for homophobia inconsistent. However, if there is evidence of homophobia – particularly where this has led to oppression, bullying, harassment etc etc then robust action must be taken.
you forget Joey Barton has been inside prison…so he knows what its like to be gay….hes not homophobic….
Joey Bart isnt homophobic,,,,hes been in prison….knows what goes on in there….hes a tough guy….
I am more concerned about the documentary being fronted by Justin Fashanu’s niece. Justin Fashanu did nothing to gain peoples’ respect when he came out. All he wanted was column inches and his face on TV. He was brave to come out when he did and it was sad that he killed himself. But bragging on TV and in the press about the famous people one has had sex with is not the way to gain peoples’ resepct and support. Sorry this was a bit off topic.
I think that perhaps you shouldn’t people by their relatives.
Apart from that, it’s clear Justin Fashanu had a lot of problems – who’s to say how many of those were caused by his many years in the closet, while under the media spotlight and in a very homophobic atmosphere.
Totally agree with your comments there vversatile. Justin Fashanu didn’t appear to have much support from anybody, including his brother, and in that sort of vacuum with so much attention, judgement, and villification heaped on one person it would be surprising if he was not to be buffeted about and exposed to the nastier side of fame as a solid core of love and support appeared to be denied him. I feel that he was a victim of his time and his shortened life an absolute tragedy. I hope that we have moved on a bit from then and that gay footballers would be better protected.
If I recall, John Fashanu publicly disowned Justin after he came out and has not shown any kind of remorse that his brother died.
I would also say that it is not uncommon for those exiting the closet to be “on a high” and for it to be the most important thing in their lives for a period. That would include talking about it to all who will listen. That euphoria of release from hiding dies down again for most but in Justin’s case he unfortunately didn’t stay with us long enough to come down the other side and live his life were being gay (or hiding it) were not some of his greatest pre-occupations.
He is right sadly. In the current climate being gay in football just isnt an option sadly. But we never really think about homophobia in the team and locker room.
It makes you feel sorry about them.
Also it is a choice for someone to make, it should not be forced or pressured onto anyone, I except that these issues exists and suggest that training in Equility and Diversity and the law could be included in schools education and other institutions to address these issues.
Rights & Responsabilities seems to happen when the issues arise, if awareness and understanding was understood by all, could we achieve to resolve these matters?
FYI
I think Joey Barton should be credited for speaking out. Better that, than the wall of silence from the rest of the game.
How about as a first step we encourage retired footballers to come out and to talk about their experiences.
Why do we need to know who’s gay and who’s not. The gays should keep their preferences to themselves, the rest of us straights are not remotely interested.Garmin Portable GPS Navigation System Dakota 10 010-00781-00 has been discontinued by Garmin and is no longer available. Our product experts have helped us select these available replacements below. You can also explore other items in the GPS category yourself to try and find the perfect replacement for you!
Garmin Dakota 10 Touchscreen Navigator is rugged, palm-sized high-sensitivity GPS with HotFix satellite prediction, and a worldwide basemap in one affordable, power-packed punch.
Dakota 10.
Dakota-10 GPS Navigator comes with built-in worldwide basemap, so you can navigate anywhere with ease. Adding more maps is easy with Garmin's wide array of detailed topographic, marine and road maps, which can be loaded to internal memory. In addition, Garmin Touch Screen GPS Dakota10 can be easily connected to your computer that to store and analyze your activities.
Available Garmin Touchscreen GPS options:Villa Tugah
No availability found through our partners. Please contact the business directly or check some of our recommended alternatives.
- " src="" alt="Wawa Wewe Ii Villas" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Villa Tandeg" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Bali Eco Stay Rice Water Bungalows" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hotel Melamun" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Victory Shine Bungalows & Spa" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hotel Uyah Amed Spa and Resorts" class="accom_photo">
Location
Description
Travelers also recommend:
-
-
- More recommendations
TripAdvisor Reviews Villa Tugah Denpasar
Travel Blogs from Denpasar
Quick Break in Bali
... a swiss guy. Ian was hanging out for a decent wine and decided to hang the expense to pay $45 for Jacob's Creek!! of course they didn't have any so we dame do with a californian wine at the same price and probably a $5 wine too.
Flying back wasn't so bad at least it was only 2 hours not like it is to Adelaide
Had a quick snooze in the car park before heading back to Robbie Robins Reserve for our last 2 weeks in Darwin
...
8 Unexpected Tips on Wedding Preparations in Bali
... you're not sensitive to the merchandise you employ since they're safer to use and rather select all-natural products. It is also possible to consult with your dermatologist that is trusted for any skin problems you've got. Additionally, make sure you eat right and take great care of one's body. Exercise and eat a meal that is well balanced in order to get before the awaited second into the proper ...
Know when to hold 'em and fold 'em
... I will remember, many others will fade into my memories. But those brief conversations that we have with certain people can help to put everything into a new light, make it brighter, and we can really appreciate what it is. I don't know where I will be if my unfinished love story was to suddenly come back to me and tell me he does change his mind, he does want to be with me. I guess I will cross that bridge if it ever comes. I guess timing is ...
Finally - a takeaway pizza!
Another day of doing very little involved some travel planning, and a noodle cup for lunch. The Thai military coup was a potential roadblock for our current plan of moving on to there after Indonesia, so we began considering the alternatives in case travel restrictions were imposed.
We picked up a takeaway pizza for the first time in months, and finished the evening with a Skype call to Dave's folks to catch up on the latest from the ...
Golf and Balinese
... a gift and an opportunity that must be freely responded to if the grace is not to remain sterile and ineffective. We used to speak, and perhaps still do, of promoting religious vocations.
Golfers rave about our state-of-art practice area that boasts driving range, six putting and chipping greens, seven sand bunkers and eight target greens. All of this is surrounded by a grove of tall pines and stately hardwoods. click here
...- Furniture/
- Chairs & Seating/
- Office Chairs/
- Product Details
Description
- Adjust the headrest up or down for neck support. You don't have to strain your neck while reading, typing or talking on the phone thanks to the soft, supportive headrest. It's easy to move lower or higher to best support your head and neck.
- Overall dimensions: 44"H x 26 1/2"W x 26 3/10"D
- Tilt controls for ideal positioning. Fully independent seat and back angle adjustments let you sit back and relax in ultimate comfort..
- 1-touch seat-height adjusts for perfect posture. The pneumatic lift lets you instantly raise or lower the seat to the height that best fits the length of your legs and the height of your desk, keyboard or other work surface. Waterfall seat cushion slopes slightly downward to help reduce stress on your legs.
- Lumbar cushioning supports your lower back and enhances the natural curve of your spine. Contoured padding in the lower backrest gently bolsters the natural curvature of your spine to promote healthy sitting, reducing strain and backache.
- Dual-wheel casters for easy mobility. Multitask and move around your office with ease thanks to the easy-rolling casters.
- Sturdy steel frame for durability. Strong steel frame will give you years of excellent service. Stands up well to daily wear and tear, resisting dents, scratches and breakdowns.
- Recommended for intensive use 6-8 hours per day. Recommended for busy professionals who spend from 5 to 7 hours a day sitting.
- 10-year limited warranty.
- Weight capacity tested to support up to 250 lb.
Product Details
278000
was removed.
Thank you, you will now be redirected to comparisons.
Just a moment while we prepare the page
Check In-Store AvailabilityEnjoy your favorite shows on your schedulePodcasts ☰ menu Past Shows Highlights < Ron and Don: Top 5 at 5 The Ron and Don Show Top 5 at 5 Podcast Originally aired: Tuesday, April 2, 2013 1)Seattle restaurateur and host of Seattle Kitchen Tom Douglas is working on a plan to save Seattle's fireworks, 2)Mayor McGinn goes before the NBA's board of governors to make Seattle's case for bringing the NBA back, 3)Everett's own blind rapper Mac Wayne is on the run but still releasing songs, 4)Seattle record label Sub Pop celebrating 25 years, Rachel Belle reports, 5)Jay Leno and Jimmy Fallon are laughing off Tonight Show hosting changeon Mar 18, 2013 @ 5:15 PMMar 18, 2013 @ 5:15 PM Published Israel's new coalition governmentIsrael's 33rd government was sworn in before parliament on Monday after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu put together a coalition with a majority of 68 in the 120-seat Knesset.Here is the list of the 21 ministers who will serve under Netanyahu in the new government:- Prime Minister: Benjamin Netanyahu (Likud) - (also temporarily in charge of foreign affairs)- Defence: Moshe Yaalon (Likud)- Foreign Affairs: Benjamin Netanyahu (Likud)- Finance: Yair Lapid (Yesh Atid)- Interior: Gideon Saar (Likud) - Education: Shai Piron (Yesh Atid)- International Relations: Yuval Steinitz (Likud) - (also in charges of strategic affairs and intelligence)- Justice: Tzipi Livni (HaTnuah)- Agriculture: Yair Shamir (Yisrael Beitenu)- Internal Security: Yitzhak Aharonovitch (Yisrael Beitenu)- Economics and Trade; religion: Naftali Bennett (Jewish Home) - (also in charge of Jerusalem and diaspora affairs)- Housing: Uri Ariel (Jewish Home)- Transport: Yisrael Katz (Likud)- Energy and Water: Silvan Shalom (Likud) - (also in charge of regional development)- Communications; Homefront Defence: Gilad Erdan (Likud)- Tourism: Uzi Landau (Yisrael Beitenu)- Environment: Amir Peretz (HaTnuah)- Science and Technology: Yaakov Peri (Yesh Atid)- Immigrant Absorption: Sofa Landver (Yisrael Beitenu)- Culture and Sports: Limor Livnat (Likud)- Social Affairs: Meir Cohen (Yesh Atid)- Pensioner Affairs: Uri Orbach (Jewish Home)- Health: Yael German (Yesh Atid)Deputy ministers:- Foreign Affairs: Zeev Elkin (Likud)- Defence: Danny Dannon (Likud)- Religion: Eli Ben Dahan (Jewish Home)- Education: Avi Wortzman (Jewish Home)- Interior: Fania Kirshenbaum (Yisrael Beitenu)- Social Affairs: Micky Levy (Yesh Atid)- Transport: Tzipi Hotovely (Likud)- within the Prime Minister's office Ofir Akunis (Likud)Coalition chairman: Yariv Levin (Likud)Knesset speaker: Yuli Edelstein (Likud)- Knesset House: Tzahi HaNegbi (Likud)- Foreign Affairs and Defence: Avigdor Lieberman (Yisrael Beitenu)- Labour and Welfare: Haim Katz (Likud)- Finance: Nissan Slomiansky (Jewish Home)- Women: Adi Kol (Yesh Atid)- Law, Constitution and Justice: David Rotem (Yisrael Beitenu)- Interior: Miri Regev (Likud)scw/hkbJames J. Smith, Jr., 86
Published Datecbtandem It seems several of us associate Morton's cinnamon donuts with Christmas morning! I looked for them for years after they were discontinued.
SteelyTed I also loved these donuts as a kid and was thrilled when I ran across a similar product. I decided to give them a try and I must say they are absolutely delicious!! Just like I remember the Morton's as a kid! They are made by a company in Canada called "Buehler's" and I found them at Aldi. You really must try these if you liked the old Morton's gooeyglazed donuts. If you have an Aldi in your neighborhood run down and getcha some today! If they don't have them then ask them to get some soon!
CaramelSmoothie Old thread, but I was thinking about these today and googled it and came across this thread. I will be trying this brand out when I get around to going to Aldi's.On the Download
Musicians might not have a 401(k) to fall back on, but at least they can make a small fortune on eBay. A corset worn by Neko Case recently fetched $300 for charity, but don't expect the alt-country goddess to open up her hamper to the highest bidder just yet. Her side project with A.C. Newman and Dan Bejar, the New Pornographers, is readying Challengers for an August release. Head over to the band's site to download the first single, "My Rights Versus Yours." Full of sputtering guitars and impeccable harmonies, the album's opener suggests the members of this Vancouver nine-piece won't have to resort to the shirts on their backs anytime soon ().
After posting exclusive mixes for the Definitive Jux and Stones Throw record labels earlier this year, Cartoon Network's Adult Swim is hooking up its indie-rock fans. Available only online, Warm and's ass without feeling guilty ().
You probably haven't heard of Cajun Dance Party yet, but across the pond, the indie-pop quintet is the next big thing. Since winning its high school battle of the bands, the Party has been selling out shows and sorting through label offers. Its debut seven-inch, "The Next Untouchable," was limited to only 500 copies, but luckily, one was sent to My Old Kentucky Blog last month. Download the track and head over to the group's page at iSound.com for a few demos. By the time the full-length drops, Cajun's members should be able to celebrate with a pint — in their home town of London, at least ().
Expect the median age in the mosh pit to be a bit older this summer. Reunions are running rampant, but if your self-defense mechanisms aren't what they used to be, head over to Stereogum.com for "Disappear," the first single from the upcoming Meat Puppets LP, Rise to Your Knees. The album, released by Kansas City's Anodyne Records, hits shelves July 17 and is the first to feature both Kirkwood brothers since 1995. Afterward, fulfill your craving for alt-rock nostalgia with the title track from Buffalo Tom's Three Easy Pieces, also due this summer. Both tracks are free to download, and neither requires a fight-or-flight response (; search Meat Puppets, BuffaloAre you logging into your Google Business Page for the first time or are you re-logging to make updates? Have you been locked out of your account? We had the exact same problem! After butting our heads against the wall all morning, we have come up with a solution! Luckily for you, we are passing this information on to you so you can avoid the headaches.
Logging In For The First Time
(The methods for logging in may vary depending on the device used to log in.)
Android App
- Open the Google+ App.
- Tap the account you want to use.
Computer
- Open Google+.
- Enter your username and password > Click Sign in.
Mobile Browser
- Open Google+.
- Enter your username and password > Click Sign in.
iPhone/iPad App
- Open the Google+ App.
- Touch Get Started.
- Enter your username and password> Click Sign in.
Logging into Google+ Business Page
Android App
- Open the Google+ App.
- Tap the page you want to sign into.
Computer
- Open Google+. Sign in using the same account you use to manage your page.
- In the top left corner, click the drop-down menu > Click Pages.
- Choose the page you’d like to manage.
Mobile Browser
- Currently, you can’t sign in to your Google+ business page using a mobile browser.
iPhone/iPad App
- Open the Google+ App.
- Touch Get Started.
- Enter username and password associated with your page > Click Sign In.
- Select the page you’d like to manage.
For additional help managing your Google account, check out Google Support.
Check out our short video regarding logging into your Google+ Business Page here!
If you would like to manage multiple google+ Business Pages click here.
(Thanks Bob for the link!)
Found this info helpful?
Check out our blog page Nuanced Thoughts for more compelling articles! Also, be sure to join our Google+ Circles or Google+ us at the bottom of the page for up-to-date information. Thanks!
Pingback: Google+ Pages: Now that I've created a Google+ business page, how do I manage it? I'm sure this is a simple answer, but I can't find how to toggle between user and admin of the business page I created. Help! - Quora()Tom Lowe's Puerto Reflections
CEST
11mph Moderate, Onshore
Sunny Air 57°f Sea 55 °f
Tide Location Zeebrugge - 2.36km away
20 Aug 09:00 973
20 Aug 09:00 911
20 Aug 09:00 998
19 Aug 09:00 788
Premier Belgian surf spot when N storm swells hit the sandbars. Usually accompanied by onshore winds, as the swell will disappear quickly if it switches offshore. Big hang out for all water users, there’s a... more
28 Dec 02:00 5343
18 Aug 01:00 48: OK. Run Age: 10.A large number of patients attending Kabgayi Hospital in Muhanga district seeking medical services have outweighed a significantly small number of medical personnel, a cause that has brought concern to many residents in the area.
The hospital reception is always full of people especially the new patients throughout the working hours not saying those who come earlier before the opening hours to get earlier numbers and be able to see the doctors.
Some of the patients with emergency cases or who do not have the whole to wait for the doctors decide to move to other hospitals to try their lack.
This was the case with a student from National University of Rwanda who had brought his fellow who got sick while in the area but since he could not get to meet a doctor due to many patients; he decided to take his friend to another private hospital before his condition becomes worse.
Some of the patients say that sometimes they spend a night in the hospital for them to be able to see the doctor early tomorrow morning. This is done by sleeping on the chairs in the corridors of the hospital since they cannot sleep in patients’ wards because they are not admitted.
According to Dr. Osee Sebatunzi the director of Kabgayi Hospital says they know this problem and they are looking for ways to solve it and the urgent issue is lack of enough space where patients wait before meeting the doctors.
He however said that they are preparing on how to expand the waiting area as soon as possible and to increase the personnel at the reception as well as the doors to the reception hall.
Dr. Sebatunzi also said that they are yet to introduce reception desks in different services of the hospital for people to be received according to services they desire and to be able to pay bills without going to the main reception hall.
This will solve the discomfort of outgoing patients who spend a lot of time waiting on the queue to be able to clear their bills along other patients who need to get appointments to meet doctors.Someone put a microphone in front of the field manager yesterday when it was raining in Florida and this is what came out.....
On his 37 pitchers in camp:
"You almost need names on the backs of these guys," he said. "Because it's going to take a while to get to know them."
"It's going to be hard," Gaston admitted. "Who's my starter? Who's my No. 1? Who's my No. 2? You talk about two guys. We hope their arms are OK but you don’t know until they start pitching in competition.”
“We don’t have Doc anymore,” Gaston said. “We had to keep him on his rotation (starting every fifth day). That’s the way Doc wanted it."
“You don’t really have to do it with these guys. So guys won’t pitch as many innings. We’ll just bag ‘em up and keep going. If it’s Ricky’s turn to pitch and Marcum’s pitching better, then we’ll start Marcum.”
“It’s going to be tough to nail down four and five (in the rotation). If you look at the candidates we have, we’re not going to forget about (Brett) Cecil and (Marc) Rzepczynski,” Gaston said.
“I like Zep a lot, man,” Gaston said. “I hope he can come back and pitch the way he did when he was there. To me, unless he just really goes the other way, you got to put him on this club. You go and look at the numbers he put up against right handers and left handers last year. He's good. If not in the starting rotation, maybe in the bullpen."
"I'm pretty sure these guys are going to miss Doc, too -- just watching him pitch," Blue Jays manager Cito Gaston said. "Watching him go out there and be the surgeon that he was out there on the mound."
“I was sitting in with the pitchers this morning in their meeting,” Gaston said. “I was talking to Doug (Davis, field co-ordinator for the minor-leaguers). “I said ‘I wonder if we’ve got a couple of Docs in this room?’ Sure would be nice. You never know. Maybe this is a chance for them to do that.”
“Because we’re not quite sure about the pitching, I think the strength of this club right now has got to be the hitters,” he said.
On his line up:
“I’ve thought it over and over,” Gaston said. “I like to keep people comfortable. I’ve played this game and if you’re not comfortable in where you are or what you’re doing, you don’t perform.
“If you’re put on the field and you don’t feel right about yourself, then you’re more worried about that than worried about doing your job.”
."
."
“If I do (the switch), then I’m messing with them. I think Hill would do it in a second but he’s just going to put more pressure on himself and I want him to be himself.
“Lind doesn’t like that (cleanup) spot. If you can keep a guy comfortable, keep unnecessary pressure off him, it’s going to help him play better.”
On Vernon hitting clean up:
"You don't want to tear down Vernon's confidence," said Gaston "We need him to come back and be himself. It's all about trying to get the best out of people and trying to put them in a place where they're comfortable."
On McGowan:
"I hope not, man," Gaston said. "If he's ready to go, we're not going to delay it, unless we need to, unless it's for his benefit."
“I hope he starts the season (on the roster),” Gaston said. He’s been down here a long time. He’s probably sick of Florida by now.
On his future with the team and his coaching style for 2010:
. It's not that I don't want to stay, and it's not that I don't want to go.'
."
Translation:
I have no idea what is going on anymore. Can someone help me?
Analysis:
I think the brain trust had a sit down with the manager and talked some things out. We have the first four hitters of our line up. Bautista leading off, Hill hitting in the two hole, Lind in the three spot and Vernon cleaning up. Courtesy of the team over at fantasybaseball.com: Bautista will be the worst leadoff hitter in baseball.
I have a question that has been dancing around my brain for quite sometime.....
Generally: I wonder how much control over the roster the field manager of a major league team actually has?
Specifically: The Cito wants Rzepczynski on his team. He goes as far to say: "To me, unless he just really goes the other way, you got to put him on this club.” But, he has option years left. Tallet, Eveland and McGowan do not. If The Cito says he wants Zep, does he get him? Or is that what the GM is there to worry about? Ultimately, the manager decides in game when to use a player. So you think if he wanted a player, he would get him. This young lefthanded pitcher should provide an answer to my question.
Speaking about Mark Rzepczynski, he totally needs a nickname. King Jordan is on it as always:
RZEPCZ&$#!?SKI: After today's workout, I headed over to Rzepczynski's locker and asked him if he had heard the nickname some of the Blue Jays' bloggers had given him since he joined the club. "Scrabble?" he said with a laugh. "Yeah. A buddy of mine told me about it."
He shook his head and smiled.
"Add it to the list..." he said.
"Why? What else have you been called?" I asked.
"Alphabet. Eye chart," Rzepczynski replied with a laugh. "I don't know. There's a lot.
For those new around here, it's pronounced ZEP-CHIN-SKI. One person who at least knows how to pronounce it right is Gaston, though he usually just calls him "Zep." Last year, Scrabble made 11 starts for the Jays and posted a 3.67 ERA. He impressed Gaston to the point that the manager believes the young pitchers needs to be on the Opening Day roster.
There's only one problem with calling the lefty "Scrabble." There is only one "Z" included in the famous word game.
"I have two in my last name," he said.
Quickly:
A friend of mine sent me a story on the history of baseball called Base Ball Discovered.
Warning: the full film is an hour, so get the popcorn out. It is worth your time. Once you start watching, you can only pause the film. No skipping forward and NO reversing. If you do either of those it restarts the film. I figured this fact out about 54 minutes into the film. Fuck me.
Full Film: click here
Summary: click here
I have a couple of observations:
- Bat & Trap = Slopitch
- Make sure your watching at the 48.08 and 53.59 minute mark. The hitter totally shoots the box on the pitcher.
- Best quote in the entire movie is at 43.05.
- Apparently the link for the full film will not be active for long.statelinetack.com > Stable Supplies > Buckets, Feeders & Waterers > Item # E006339
promotional discount applied. Cart total will reflect savings.
$239M Vetrap Bandaging Tape
Starting: $15.99
Equi Racks Wall Mount Stable Blanket Rack
Now: $142.99
The Original Sprayer Boom
Now: $101.99
Bucket Brush
Now: $2.89
Flexon All Weather Hose
Starting at: $40.99
Roma Gel Scraper
Starting at: $7.H.268
Introduced by Representatives Ancel of Calais, Baker of West Rutland, Chen of Mendon, Keogh of Burlington, Leriche of Hardwick, Louras of Rutland City, Maier of Middlebury, McFaun of Barre Town, Milkey of Brattleboro and Tracy of Burlington
Date:
Subject: Health; prescription drugs; drug utilization review board; open meetings; executive session
Statement of purpose: This bill proposes to allow the drug utilization review board to go into executive session for the purpose of discussing proprietary pharmaceutical pricing information.
AN ACT RELATING TO DRUG UTILIZATION REVIEW BOARD OPEN MEETINGS
It is hereby enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Vermont:
Sec. 1. 1 V.S.A. § 313(a) is amended to read:

section subsection 312(b) of this title. A public body may not
hold an executive session except to consider one or more of the following:
* * *
(9) Information relating to a pharmaceutical rebate or supplemental rebate agreement, including but not limited to pharmaceutical rebate and supplemental rebate amounts, manufacturer pricing, the content of bids received in response to requests for proposals and other contractual submissions, evaluation of such bids and other responses, and information pertaining to negotiations of such agreements, if the disclosure of the information is a trade secret pursuant to 1 V.S.A. § 317(c)(9).
Sec. 2. 33 V.S.A. § 1998(f)(2) is amended to read:
(2) The board shall meet at least quarterly. The board shall comply with the requirements of subchapter 2 of chapter 5 of Title 1 (open meetings) and subchapter 3 of chapter 5 of Title 1 (open records), except that the board may go into executive session as provided for in subdivision 313(a)(9) of Title 1 in order to comply with subsection 2002(c) of this title.
The Vermont General Assembly
115 State Street
Montpelier, VermontUnited Kingdom
I live in the UK and love travelling to the USA.We have been five times mainly Vegas but we also love San Francisco.Next we are planning on visiting Memphis and Washington DC.e are going to Vegas in August this year and after having read the reviews of the power pass will definately be buying one.
Aug152012
Tour/Activity
Las Vegas, Nevada
My Rating!!!
Jul122012
Travel Recommendation
San Francisco
My Recommendation Tip
We have been to this wonderful city and the best way to get round is with the public transport.Buy a city pass and you get unlimited travel on the tramsand buses for 6 days.You also get entry to tourist attractions and a trip on a boat for a Golden Gate Bridge photo opportunity.FantasticSunny apartment 2 steps from Mellieha sandy beach
From $89 / night
Description from the owner
- Apartment
- 3 bedrooms
- 2 bathrooms
- Sleeps 7
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 2
Sleeps: 7
Type: Apt. / CondoSunny apartment 2 steps from Mellieha sandy beach
Description from the owner
This apartment is a typical Maltese summer residence.
On the 4th floor served with elevator, it is situated opposite Mellieha valley and enjoys valley views at the front and some sea views at the back where the bedrooms are located.
A large sunny balcony is situated in front of the kitchen - living area with valley views opposite making it ideal for eating outdoors.
For your convenience the apartment is equipped with a hair dryer and ironing board and has its own washing machine, fridge/freezer, microwave and has air-conditioned bedrooms.
There are 3 large bedrooms and 2 bathrooms.
Price includes internet wifi.
Hire of electric bikes can be ...Read more
About the owner
About the owner
Zammit S.
Zammit S.
- Response rate 100%
- Response time A few hours
- Calendar updated today
- Overall rating5.0 / 5.0 based on 3 reviews and 2 properties
Map
Sunny apartment 2 steps from Mellieha sandy beach
Surrein, Swiss Alps, Switzerland
Additional Location Information
This is a central apartment 400metres close to the lovliest sandy bay in Malta. Sun loungers and umbrellas available at the beach and lots of fun and activities available - take a picnic in a paddle boat Or feeling brave? go sky diving oR take a bouncing sofa ride in the sea :)
Gozo ferry is 2km away
Trips available 300metres from ap for a great day out to Comino & the Blue Lagoon diving into gorgeous acqua marine blue seas !
Valletta, Mdina 40mins by car or bus
free street parking available in front of ap
PADI certified diving school 100m
Mellieha shopping centre 800m
Great area for winter walks, Wonderfully safe family area for summer
More About This Location
Beach or lakeside relaxationyou are viewing a single comment's thread..God’s Forgiving Us and Our Forgiving Others
Dr. Paul Manuel
Rev. Paul Manuel is pastor of the German Seventh-Day Baptist Church in Salemville, PA. His Ph.D. is in Hebrew and Semitic Studies from the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
There is a common and unqualified assumption in Christian circles that the proper response to all personal offenses is to “forgive and forget” (“let bygones be bygones”), and that not to do so places one at risk of divine condemnation. As Jesus warned the disciples,
Matt 6:15 … if you do not forgive men their sins, your Father will not forgive your sins.
The immediate difficulty with such an assumption is that it holds the believer, who, Jesus says, must forgive all, to a higher standard than it holds God, who needs not forgive all. Several New Testament passages link or condition God’s forgiveness of the believer with the believer’s forgiveness of others, but is forgiveness completely one-sided and open-ended? Are there restrictions on what the believer can and should forgive? For the answer, we must look to more explicit passages.
First, it is necessary to understand the definition of the term “forgive.” The Hebrew and Greek words mean to release a person from guilt or punishment. Forgiveness is a legal (judicial) designation that eliminates the indebtedness of one party to another and, thereby, alters the status of their relationship. It includes both a remission of guilt and a restoration of fellowship.
I. God’s Forgiveness in the Old TestamentI. God’s Forgiveness in the Old TestamentForgiveness is the wiping out of an offense from memory; it can be effected only by the one affronted. Once eradicated, the offense no longer conditions the relationship between the offender and the one affronted, and harmony is restored between the two.
God and the biblical authors make clear that, despite man’s sin, God is willing and able to forgive.
Exod 34:6 And he passed in front of Moses, proclaiming, “The LORD, the LORD, the compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger, abounding in love and faithfulness, 7a maintaining love to thousands, and forgiving wickedness, rebellion and sin.Almost all references to divine forgiveness, however, explicitly include the prerequisite of repentance. (1)
2 Chr 7:14 if my people, who are called by my name, will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then will I…will forgive their sin….In fact, there is no indication that God pardons unrepentant sin. (2)
Jer 5:7 Why should I forgive you? Your children have forsaken me and sworn by gods that are not gods. I supplied all their needs, yet they committed adultery and thronged to the houses of prostitutes.Persistent and deliberate sin is beyond forgiveness. (3)
When man does repent, the result of God’s forgiveness is reconciliation, as He removes the offense and restores the relationship. (4)
Ps.
Ps 85:1 You showed favor to your land, O LORD; you restored the fortunes of Jacob. 2 You forgave the iniquity of your people and covered all their sins.When man does not repent, God, in His compassion, may pass over sin, restraining His wrath and delaying His judgment to allow time for repentance (or recalcitrance), but that delay is not forgiveness. It is merely a stay of execution. (5)
Jer 18:8 …if that nation I warned repents of its evil, then I will relent and not inflict on it the disaster I had planned.
Gen 15:16 In the fourth generation your descendants will come back here, for the sin of the Amorites has not yet reached its full measure.II. God’s Forgiveness in the New Testament
New Testament references confirm these observations from the Old Testament. Despite man’s sin, God is willing and able to forgive. (6)
1 John 1:9 …he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins and purify us from all unrighteousness.God’s forgiveness is contingent (where explicit) upon repentance. (7)
Acts 2:37a When the people heard this, they were cut to the heart…. 38a …Repent and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins.In the absence of repentance, God does not forgive.
Acts 8:22 Repent of this wickedness and pray to the Lord. Perhaps he will forgive you for having such a thought in your heart.Again, some sin is beyond forgiveness. (8)
When man does repent, the result of God’s forgiveness is reconciliation, as He removes the offense and restores the relationship.
Col 1:21 Once you were alienated from God and were enemies in your minds because of your evil behavior. 22 But now he has reconciled you by Christ’s physical body through death to present you holy in his sight, without blemish and free from accusation—
Col 2:13 When you were dead in your sins and in the uncircumcision of your sinful nature, God made you alive with Christ. He forgave us all our sins,When man does not repent, God, in His compassion, may pass over sin, patiently delaying judgment, but that delay is not forgiveness. (9)
Rom 2:4 Or do you think lightly of the riches of His kindness and tolerance and patience, not knowing that the kindness of God leads you to repentance?III. Man’s Forgiveness in the Old Testament
If God offers His pardon only to those who repent, it is likely this same condition obtains for the believer. There are, however, very few Old Testament references to the forgiveness that man imparts to man, and none in didactic literature.
IV. Man’s Forgiveness in the New Testament
The New Testament makes a significant contribution in its greater treatment of horizontal forgiveness. God expects the believer to emulate Him and be willing to forgive. (10)
Col 3:13 Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another. Forgive as the Lord forgave you.Also like God, however, obtaining the believer’s forgiveness has the same prerequisite: repentance. (11)
Luke 17:3b If your brother sins, rebuke him, and if he repents, forgive him.Notice that the response to sin is not forgiveness but rebuke. (12) Only after the offender repents is it proper for the believer to forgive. (13) There is no indication that the believer pardons unrepentant sin, as Jesus makes clear in the rest of his statement.
Luke 17:3b “If your brother sins, rebuke him, and if he repents, forgive him. 4 If he sins against you seven times in a day, and seven times comes back to you and says, ‘I repent,’ forgive him.”The believer forgives as God forgives—repeatedly but conditionally (i.e., upon repentance). (14) Forgiveness, regardless of the source, is not an automatic response to sin. Rather, it is dependent upon a change in the offender. Without such a change, there can be no restoration of fellowship. Hence, it is necessary for him to seek forgiveness. When he does, the result of his brother’s forgiveness is reconciliation, as his brother removes the offense and restores the relationship.
Matt 5:23 Therefore, if you are offering your gift at the altar and there remember that your brother has something against you, 24 leave your gift there in front of the altar. First go and be reconciled to your brother; then come and offer your gift.Without repentance, neither God nor the believer is under any compulsion to forgive. (15) We must be careful, though, not to reduce all relationships to a cycle of offense, repentance, and forgiveness. There are numerous instances when an offender does not repent because of pride or ignorance. In such cases, the believer should emulate another divine response, forbearance, the particular expression of which may vary according to the situation.
- In response to (church) family disputes, where close contact often brings sundry slights and annoyances, the most helpful quality may be love.
Lev 19:18 Do not…bear a grudge against one of your people, but love your neighbor….
1 Cor 13:5c-d [Love] is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs.
1 Pet 4:8b …love covers over a multitude of sins.
- In response to exploitation, where the offender takes advantage of his superior position, the most helpful quality may be patient endurance. (16)
Matt 5:39b response to vindictive opposition, where the offender is intent upon acting contrary to your interests, the most helpful quality may be benevolence. (17)
Matt 5:44b Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, 45 that you may be sons of your Father in heaven. He causes his sun to rise on the evil and the good, and sends rain on the righteous and the unrighteous…. 48 Be perfect, therefore, as your heavenly Father is perfect.
Rom 12:20 “If your enemy is hungry, feed him; if he is thirsty, give him something to drink. In doing this, you will heap burning coals on his head.” [= Prov 25:21-22a] 21 Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.
- In response to a crime, where the offender is unrepentant or even unknown, the most helpful quality may be faith in the recompense of God, who will “not leave the guilty unpunished” (Exod 34:7b; Num 14:18b; Neh 1:3a). (18)
Rom 12:19 Do not take revenge, my friends, but leave room for God’s wrath, for it is written: “It is mine to avenge; I will repay,” says the Lord.The believer is to mirror God’s response, but that response is not open-ended. For example, there is a limit to patient endurance: insult not injury, cloak not pants, two miles not three, loan not bankruptcy. There is also a purpose to benevolence: the shaming of one’s enemy into repentance. Just as God will not continue offering reconciliation to those who prove stubbornly unreceptive to His positive overtures, so the believer need not continue his efforts in this matter if it is evident the offender has no such interest. These qualities all come under the rubric of forbearance (not forgiveness).
Although some people use the term forgiveness broadly, to describe any positive attempt to deal with interpersonal conflict, it has the specific connotation of a judicial pronouncement. It also has specific results: a remission of guilt and a restoration of fellowship. When a situation does not lend itself to that kind of resolution, there are still constructive alternatives to anger or frustration. Those alternatives are not the same as forgiveness, but they enable us to avoid bitterness over unresolved disputes and to put such matters behind us. (19)
Endnotes:
(1) Repentance can take several forms:
• Sacrifice Lev 5:10 The priest shall…make atonement for him…and he will be forgiven. [= vv. 13a, 16b, 18b; 6:7]
• Contrition Ps 130:2b …be attentive to my cry for mercy…. 4 But with you there is forgiveness; therefore you are feared.
• Confession Ps 32:5 …I acknowledged my sin to you…and you forgave the guilt of my sin.
• Restitution Lev 6:5 He must make restitution in full, add a fifth of the value to it and give it all to the owner on the day he presents his guilt offering…. 7 In this way the priest will make atonement for him…and he will be forgiven….The prophets speak of national forgiveness in the Messianic Age, yet that, too, will follow national repentance.
Jer 50:20 In those days, at that time,” declares the LORD, “search will be made for Israel’s guilt, but there will be none, and for the sins of Judah, but none will be found, for I will forgive the remnant I spare.…. 13:1 On that day a fountain will be opened to the house of David and the inhabitants of Jerusalem, to cleanse them from sin and impurity.(2) That is, He withholds pardon until the offenders repent.(2) That is, He withholds pardon until the offenders repent.
Lam 3:42 We have sinned and rebelled and you have not forgiven.Furthermore, divine pardon does not eliminate all consequences, only the most dire one(s). Though forgiven, man may still suffer the results of his sin.
Exod 34:7 …forgiving wickedness, rebellion and sin. Yet he does not leave the guilty unpunished; he punishes the children and their children for the sin of the fathers to the third and fourth generation.”(3) There are several examples in scripture.(3) There are several examples in scripture.
Deut 29:20a The LORD will never be willing to forgive him; his wrath and zeal will burn against that man.
1 Sam 3:14b The guilt of Eli’s house will never be atoned for by sacrifice or offering.(4) It was David’s experience and Isaiah’s exhortation.
2 Sam 12:13 Then David said to Nathan, “I have sinned against the LORD.” Nathan replied, “The LORD has taken away your sin. You are not going to die.
Isa 55:7 Let the wicked forsake his way and the evil man his thoughts. Let him turn to the LORD, and he will have mercy on him, and to our God, for he will freely pardon.(5) In some cases, God does not acquit the guilty but rather ‘carries on’ the sin from one generation to another, until expiated.
Exod 20:5 [= Deut 5:9] …I, the LORD your God, am a jealous God, punishing the children for the sin of the fathers to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me,
Ps 79:8 Do not hold against us the sins of the fathers; may your mercy come quickly to meet us, for we are in desperate need.
2 Sam 12:13b Nathan replied, “The LORD has taken away your sin. You are not going to die. 14 But because by doing this you have made the enemies of the LORD show utter contempt, the son born to you will die.”(6) This is solely God’s prerogative.
Mark 2:7b Who can forgive sins but God alone?(7) As in the Old Testament, repentance may take several forms.
• Sacrifice Eph 1:7a In him we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins…
• Contrition Luke 7:44b …she wet my feet with her tears and wiped them with her hair…. 47a Therefore, I tell you, her many sins have been forgiven—for she loved much.
• Confession 1 John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just and will forgive us our sins….
• Restitution Luke 19:8 …Zacchaeus.”(8) Even as Jesus extols the breadth of God’s forgiveness, he warns his followers about the limit of that forgiveness.
(9) When in forbearance He does relent, it is just a temporary stay of judgment.(9) When in forbearance He does relent, it is just a temporary stay of judgment.Matt 12.Jesus’ and Stephen’s final prayers may reflect their concern that the offenders are perilously close to blasphemy. Nevertheless, although the offense is against the two victims, they do not express their forgiveness but intercede with God for His mercy.
Luke 23:34a Jesus said, “Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing.”Perhaps Jesus and Stephen are hoping for or anticipating some future change of heart. In any case, there is also no indication that God granted their request. He did not grant even His son’s every petition.
Acts 7:60a Then he fell on his knees and cried out, "Lord, do not hold this sin against them."
Mark 14:36a “Abba, Father,” he said, “everything is possible for you. Take this cup from me.”Likewise, God did not always grant the petitions of His people.
2 Cor 12:8 Three times I pleaded with the Lord to take it away from me.The two incidents with Jesus and Stephen are historical narrative, which does not have the same force as didactic material. They may also not be complete transcriptions. Given what scripture actually teaches on this subject, including what Jesus instructs elsewhere (e.g., Luke 17:3), he and Stephen were probably not requesting a blank check for absolution but were tacitly assuming the biblical prerequisite: “when they realize their error and repent.”
Rom 3:25 God presented him as a sacrifice of atonement, through faith in his blood. He did this to demonstrate his justice, because in his forbearance he had left the sins committed beforehand unpunished—
1 Thess 2:16 in their effort to keep us from speaking to the Gentiles so that they may be saved. In this way they always heap up their sins to the limit. The wrath of God has come upon them at last.
(10) God’s forgiveness becomes a model (as well as a basis) for the believer’s forgiveness.(10) God’s forgiveness becomes a model (as well as a basis) for the believer’s forgiveness.2 Pet 3:9b He is patient with you, not wanting anyone to perish, but everyone to come to repentance.In the end, the delay will only underscore the guilt of the unrepentant.
Eph 4:32 Be kind and compassionate to one another, forgiving each other, just as in Christ God forgave you.In addition to expressing one’s gratitude, forgiving others contains an element of self-interest.
Luke 6:37c Forgive, and you will be forgiven.
Mark 11:25 …if you hold anything against anyone, forgive him, so that your Father in heaven may forgive you your sins.
(11) Here, as well, repentance can take various forms.(11) Here, as well, repentance can take various forms.
• Contrition 2 Cor 2:7 …you ought to forgive and comfort him, so that he will not be overwhelmed by excessive sorrow.
• Confession Luke 15:18 I will…go back to my father and say to him: Father, I have sinned against heaven and against you.
(12) Elsewhere, Jesus repeats the importance of confronting sinful behavior and outlines a graduated approach.(12) Elsewhere, Jesus repeats the importance of confronting sinful behavior and outlines a graduated approach.
Matt 18:15a If your brother sins against you, go and show him his fault, just between the two of you…..(13) The onus is with both parties to make the first move.
• Offended Matt 18:15 If your brother sins against you, go and show him his fault, just between the two of you. If he listens to you, you have won your brother over.
• Offender.
(14) Again, even short-lived repentance seems sufficient grounds for forgiveness, perhaps because it is not always possible to make the distinction.(14) Again, even short-lived repentance seems sufficient grounds for forgiveness, perhaps because it is not always possible to make the distinction.
Luke 17:4 If he sins against you seven times in a day, and seven times comes back to you and says, ‘I repent,’ forgive him.(15) Forgiveness is also an inappropriate response by the believer to sin that affects someone else. “Should we forgive the Columbine shooters?” is an entirely irrelevant question for those who suffered no personal loss. We are not in a position to forgive the offenders. As for those directly affected by that tragedy, the answer is “No,” as well, because the culprits gave no indication of remorse for their crime. In this, too, we mirror God’s attitude, for He will not forgive them and will, in fact, punish them far more severely than society ever could. It is this assurance of justice that should, in part, allow those affected to put the event behind them and “to get on with life.”
(16) A related quality may be hope—that God will somehow turn a bad situation to your advantage.
Rom 8:28 …in all things God works for the good of those who love him….(17) Luke’s wording is even more direct.
Luke 6:27 [ v. 35] …Love your enemies, do good to those who hate you.(18) Paul demonstrates this response…without the slightest hint of forgiveness.
2 Tim 4:14 Alexander the metalworker did me a great deal of harm. The Lord will repay him for what he has done.(19) A person may develop a bitter spirit by refusing to forgive another, but the link is not a necessary one. There is still a difference between bitterness and unforgiveness, the former being a willful and emotional decision, the latter a legal (and potentially dispassionate) disposition.© St. Petersburg Times, published October 10, 2000
MINNEAPOLIS -- Now that's offense. Win, lose or draw, Monday night's big, probing eye watched as the Bucs loudly, entertainingly answered a world of critics -- including their fans, who were understandably ravenous for enhanced offense, and maybe even some rising doubts among Tampa Bay teammates.
Shaun King, after back-to-back flights of fright against the Jets and Redskins, had the look of a quarterback who can win. Win consistently. Win big. Win enough in 10 remaining games to get Tampa Bay back into legitimate Super Bowl contention.
At last, the Bucs were firing the football downfield, finding receptive hands in Jacquez Green, Keyshawn Johnson and Dave Moore, showing they are capable, especially King. They also were throwing changeup pitches with deft little screen passes to Warrick Dunn, making it easier for Mike Alstott and Dunn to find gaps for running.
For the first time in three weeks, there was productive offense. Where has that been? King's confidence kept rising. His toughness has never been in doubt. His decisions improved. Production took a major jump.
Daunte Culpepper, a 266-pound quarterbacking behemoth from Central Florida, made killer plays for Minnesota. He is a scary talent. But the impact of Culpepper was so less imposing than the Monday night emergence of King.
Bring on the next 10 games, beginning with the Detroit Lions in nine days. Maybe the cogs and bolts of the Bucs offense are beginning to kick in. We'll be surer if it happens against the Lions, then again and again.
From 3-0 luxury, the Bucs stumbled toward 0-3 misery. In the Metrodome backwash, we may hear Tampa Bay players say that at least 3-3 is better than last season's 3-4 start.
Back it up, gents.
We saw the Tampa Bay defensive and offensive makings against the Vikes. Still, due to the extreme skills of Minnesota receiver Randy Moss, the job became so difficult. Lately, among the Bucs, there had been too much talk, not enough walk.
It took just 24 seconds for the Bucs to dig a nasty hole against the unbeaten Vikings. Tampa Bay's first goal was to muzzle the Metrodome crowd, dampening the mood with a nice dose of guest efficiency. That one backfired quicker than a '57 Edsel.
On the first play, Randall McDaniel, the old Viking, false started. Johnson caught a pass but then fumbled. To compete the Bucs' troika of pain, on Minnesota's first chance, Culpepper went running like a purple tank, scrambling 27 yards for a touchdown.
After that, the Bucs were the better team, except for committing fumblitis suicide. For a third straight week, Tampa Bay could so easily have won but didn't.
That's got to stop.
Okay, the losses are bruised history. Maybe it's weird, on a defeat streak, but I think the Bucs are going to be okay. They may not catch Minnesota in the NFC Central, but they will grind their way, the hard way, to a playoff shot.
By then, if the Bucs defense doesn't physically disintegrate, and if the King offense continues to build on the treats, tricks and confidence, the fun Sundays will be back at Raymond James Stadium.
Blowing one against the Jets, that was much worse than Monday night in Minneapolis. From this loss came far more hope than a week earlier with the mishap in Washington.
King may be no Daunte Culpepper. We'll see. But Shaun could be every bit the winner -- if this was the real King indicator, and not those flunks against the Jets and 'Skins.
We saw a little Bob Griese in No. 10's play. Smart stuff. Making the critical pass with far more consistency. All that opening better opportunities for running backs Alstott and Dunn.
Something on which to.Visual Adventure: Argentina
As diverse as it is vast and impressive, Argentina is several countries packed into one — from the Andean mountains in the northern corners to the flamboyant....
The Iguazu Falls straddling the border of Argentina and Brazil
Winding roads snake through the Jujuy province of northern Argentina
The Andean town of Purmamarca backdropped by the Cerro de los Siete Colores
Andean camel stew in Humahuaca, a small village in northern Argentina
The salt flats in Salinas Grandes
Horseriding in gaucho country, Unquillo
Snow peaks at Ushuaia, the southernmost tip of Argentina
Beautiful landscapes at the Tierra del Fuego National Park
Tango dancers in Buenos Aires, the capital of Argent.
.My I-Pod Touch is only 2 years old and still in great shape however when I listen to music it will go dead after only an hour from a full charge. Is this a common thing? Can anyone offer some guidance on how to restore it to the original battery capacity?
Thanks,
Dirk
Retrieving data ...The Typing of the Dead
Release Data
Contributions
Data and credits for this game contributed by odino, Mookiethebold, theclaw135, Pulsar_t, BGoldTLE, and oliist.
Know Something We Don't?
You can update or add release data for this game using our Data Submission Form, or submit credits using our Credit Submission Form.Chateau de Pez 2006
Bordeaux Red Blends from St. Estephe, Bordeaux, France
Winemaker's Notes
The color is rich and full with deep red highlights.
Lovely red fruit, showing ripeness and a mixture of subtly toasty, truffly aromas mingled with hints of spices and the forest floor -- quite complex even at this early stage.
A touch lively on the attack but agreeably firm and rounded as it develops on the palate, with no trace of hardness.
Lovely, fairly elegant substance showing silky, persistent but unaggressive tannins. Somewhat firm on the finish for the time being but with all the signs of a great wine that will improve with age: elegant, refined and mouth-watering.
Critical Acclaim
Wine Enthusiast - "Owned.
Cellar Selection"
Wine & Spirits - "Tightly held by its oak, this lean black wine takes hours of aeration before it reveals scents of Asian spice and violets. The fruit transitions from tart to fresh while the tannic blackness begins to hint at strawberries and minerals. It's light, velvety and long. Open it eight to ten years from the vintage."
Chateau de Pez Winery de Pez exhibits deep colour and harmonious composition. This complete, rich, dense wine merits prolonged aging.Thanks to the.Cinacalcet Hydrochloride in Treating Men With Recurrent Prostate Cancer
- Full Text View
- Tabular View
- No Study Results Posted
-
- Rate of rise of serum PSA [ Time Frame: 24 weeks ] [ Designated as safety issue: No .
- Change in total and free testosterone [ Time Frame: 24 weeks ] [ Designated as safety issue: No ]
- Change in quality of life (QOL) as assessed by the Brief Male Sexual Inventory, Hormonal Assessment Scale from Expanded Prostate Cancer Index Composite (EPIC), and Functional Assessment of Cancer Therapy-Prostate (FACT-P) [ Time Frame: 24 weeks ] [ Designated as safety issue: No ])
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01054079
No publications provided
Additional relevant MeSH terms:
ClinicalTrials.gov processed this record on May 20, 2015Elliptical machines are ideal choices for exercise as part of a weight loss program because they are low impact; accessible to virtually any level exerciser, from beginner to advanced; offer weight-bearing movement; and are relatively easy to use. Even more, they engage both the upper- and lower-body muscles simultaneously, which offers two great results: you can burn more calories than a lower-body only exercise such as cycling; and you don’t actually feel like you are working as hard as you are because the workload is dispersed over the entire body.
Another advantage of ellipticals is their variety – you can move forward or backward, with the entire body or isolating only the legs, change your stride (on adjustable stride length models), vary your pace and incorporate strength training in the form of Octane’s Workout Boosters or unique CROSS CiRCUIT combined cardio and strength routine.
Variety is important not only to keep you from getting bored but also to keep your body responding to new challenges – which both boost motivation and results. Plus, with Octane’s line-up, you can choose from a traditional standing elliptical, the xRide recumbent elliptical or the LateralX elliptical.
To stimulate weight loss, regular workouts of at least 30 minutes or more are recommended. Steady-state exercise (where you perform at the same pace and same resistance level throughout) is good, but incorporating interval training can jump-start greater results. Interval training is alternating periods of steady intensity with bursts of high intensity via speed or resistance levels, which has been shown to increase caloric expenditure and improve fitness levels. See the Octane Blog for more details about interval training.
Whatever your regimen on the elliptical, over time, aim to increase your workout time or frequency or increase your resistance level or pace to continually challenge your body and burn more calories per session. As your body gets more fit, you have to boost the intensity to continue driving change.
Finally, for optimum elliptical weight loss, incorporate strength training at least twice weekly, where you use weights, resistance tubing or body weight to build muscular strength and endurance. The more muscle you have and the more active it is, the greater your metabolism and the more calories you burn.
Lastly, no weight loss plan can thrive without following a balanced, nutritious diet, complete with whole grains, lean meats and fish, fruits and vegetables and plenty of water. Consult with a dietitian to determine your appropriate caloric intake and realistic eating plans for weight loss.>>
Oxygen Express for Nokia phones 1.10.5.
OS: WinXP,WinVista,Win7 x32 Oxygen Express for Nokia phones
Downloads from Oxygen Software. ...
(243
OxyCube 1.4.0 - Manage phones and smartphones with OxyCube to get more functions and nicer controls than with PC Suite. Easily connect devices and smoothly manage their content on PC using a well-organized interface. OxyCube - the compelling replacement of PC Suite. ...
(98Little Robot Easy To Knit Kit by Gift Horse Knit Kits £13.50$27.05€19.08$21.43 5 customer reviews(5) In stock free gift wrap £18.50$37.07€26.15$29.37$30.06€21.20$23.81 Personalised Bunny Knit Kit £14.50$29.06€20.50$23.02 Plump Flump Beginner Knit Kit *Personalised* £14.50$29.06€20.50$23.02 TWO Plump Flumps Knitting Kit *Personalised* £19.75$39.58€27.92$31.35 Personalised Knitty Cat £16$32.06€22.62$25.40 Three Bunnies Knit Kit *FREE Delivery* £22$44.09€31.10$34.92 view all you may also like PRODUCT DETAILS CUSTOMER REVIEWS DELIVERY RETURNS Made in Britain free gift wrap eco-friendly ask seller a questionLatest Tactical Command Stories
2013-03-14 23:01:15
Control a lance of MechWarriors to fight for supremacy and survival across iOS devices. Singapore (PRWEB) March 14, 2013 Singapore developer Personae
Word of the Day
logocentrism
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.
The word 'logocentrism' is a blend of logo- + centrism.
RelatedSept. 29, 2008
NEW LONDON, Conn. - No. 3 Bulldog sailor senior Jane Macky qualified for the Women's Singlehanded National Championships to be held at Cornell on Oct. 24-26 by placing fourth at the Women's New England Singlehanded Championship on Saturday and Sunday in Laser Radials. Three other Bulldogs also competed, placing sixth, seventh, and 10th.
The New England Championship was sailed off the coast of New London, Conn. on Long Island Sound in the one-person Laser Radial sailboat. The regatta, which featured 17 sailors, was plagued by light winds of between two and eight knots and light rain combined with fog. A total of 14 races were sailed over the two days.
Macky qualified for the national championship by placing in the top-five finishers with 94 points at the event. Macky won one race and placed second in three other races. Macky won the event in 2007 before going on to place second at the national championships. The defending national champion from Coast Guard placed second at the event, which was won by freshmen Annie Haeger from Boston College.
Senior captain Kate Hagemann, sailing in only her second singlehanded regatta, placed sixth with 102 points. She was closely followed by junior Sarah Lihan in seventh with 103 points. Lihan, who is one of the top Laser Radial sailors in the nation, placed third at the trials for the 2008 Olympic Games and represented the Bulldogs at the 2006 singlehanded national championships. Junior Bulldog Rebecca Jackson finished 10th at the event with 145 points. Jackson won one of the races on the second day of competition.
The Bulldogs will be back in doublehanded competition this Saturday and Sunday at the Regis Bowl at Boston University and the Women's Finger Lake Intersectional at Hobart and William Smith.
Report filed by Caleb Dorfman '09, Yale Sports PublicityDefense
Rhode Island Kurds rally for Kobani
By Steve Ahlquist on October 9, 2014
NEKA is calling on the Obama administration to bomb ISIS positions around Kobani and to supply Kurdish fighters facing ISIS with better weaponry.
Posted in Activism, Defense, Featured, International News, Rhode Island | Tagged isis, Kobani, kurds, New England Kurdish Association, syria | 4 Responses
Walk Across Rhode Island for Peace and Justice begins today
By Steve Ahlquist on September 11, 2014
There is still time to join the Walk Across Rhode Island for Peace and Justice, which began this morning in Westerly.
Posted in Activism, Defense, Events, Featured, International News, Rhode Island | Tagged Month of Peace, Peace, Peace Walk | 1 Response
September is the month of Peace
By Steve Ahlquist on September 2, 2014
The Peace Flag Project coordinates and connects the community to events that celebrate peace during the month of September. Celebrating the Month of Peace is about working to create the Beloved Community and a Culture of Peace in our communities. A peaceful culture is one that we, as citizens, can create by how we live […]
Posted in Activism, Civil Rights / Liberties, Defense, Events, Featured | Tagged Month of Peace, Peace, Peace Flags, Rhode Island, RI, september | 2 Responses
Solidarity, from Ferguson to Palestine
By Steve Ahlquist on August 30, 2014
From Gaza to Ferguson, we are witnessing the effects of the corporatization of the military and the militarization of the police. The alternative to the world on offer is one of courage and peace. The choice is ours.
Posted in Activism, Civil Rights / Liberties, Class Warfare, corporate greed, Criminal Justice, Defense, Featured, International News, Occupy, Providence, Race & Racism, Rhode Island, Syria | Tagged Drones, Gaza, Obama, Peace, Protest | 3 Responses
Dirty Wars at URI
By Peter Nightingale on November 11, 2013
The […]
Posted in Civil Rights / Liberties, Congress, Defense, Featured, Media, White House | 1 Response
Navy Unmanned Aviation and Strike Weapons Office
By David Segal on July 31, 2012
Without comment, just thought folks would be fascinated by the office’s logo, as noted by Spencer Ackerman today.
Posted in Defense | Leave a response
Governor Chafee Visits Troops in Afghanistan
By Bob Plain on April 18, 2012
Gov. Chafee is in Afghanistan, spending the week visiting with National Guard troops, and in a conference call with reporters said “Rhode Island troops are doing really well here.” He added, “It’s just a tremendous sacrifice [for them]. It was very sobering having supper with them. I’ve been surprised at how thankful they are that […]
Posted in Defense, Featured, National News | Tagged Afghanistan, chafee | 1 Response
Decriminalizing Pot Would Save State Money
By Bob Plain on March 27, 2012
Massachusetts, Connecticut and Maine have already decriminalized possession of less than ounce of marijuana, as have a total of 13 states. But don’t take our neighbors’ words for it, a special Rhode Island senate commission on marijuana prohibition found in 2010 that the move would actually save the state money. “Even by conservative estimates,” reads […]
Posted in Defense, Featured, Rhode Island, State House | Tagged decriminilize, josh miller, Marijuana, rhoda perry | 3 Responses
Afghanistan and the Sunk Cost Fallacy
By Samuel G. Howard on March 16, 2012
The […]
Posted in Defense, National News | Tagged Afghanistan, Barack Obama, COIN, Iraq, ISAF, military policy, NATO, Osama Bin Laden, Stanley McChrystal, sunk cost fallacy | 2 Responses

New CommentsReport: Replacing a toilet costs up to $3,000
April 29, 2010
MADISON, WI — A new facility maintenance report from the Madison Metropolitan School District has some experiencing "sticker shock" over the high prices for seemingly simple repairs, according to the Capital Times.
According to the story, while swapping out an old toilet or fixing a leaky sink at home could cost $500 or less, such repairs in an institutional setting could run upwards of $2,000 to $3,000.
The report, which cost the Madison Metropolitan School District $298,750, specifies almost $84 million in maintenance repairs and upgrades for schools and administration buildings, focusing on plumbing, mechanicals and heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) systems, as well as roofing and playground paving, the story stated.
James Westring, a local building contractor and former president of the Madison Trust for Historic Preservation, said: "The numbers in a report like this are likely taking into account any worst-case scenarios that could come up. Such jobs could unearth other costly repairs involving lead paint, mold, asbestos or other hazardous materials that would require extra time, equipment or special handling."
Some Madison Metropolitan School District Board of Education members say the prices in the report are inflated because documents like this are often used to secure funding for ongoing maintenance and repairs to district buildings, the story noted.
The 4,470-page report is tough to swallow for most, and those individuals want to know how the inspection engineers developed the seemingly high figures from their walk-through of the Madison Metropolitan School District''s facilities, the story added.HOUSTON, Dec. 11, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Crown Castle International Corp. ("Crown Castle") (NYSE:CCI) announced today that its subsidiary, CC Holdings GS V LLC ("CCL"), has priced its previously-announced offering of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2017 (the "2017 Notes") and $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2023 (the "2023 Notes" and, together with the 2017 Notes, the "Notes"). CCL, through its subsidiaries, holds a majority of the U.S. towers originally acquired by Crown Castle in its 2007 acquisition of Global Signal, Inc.
The 2017 Notes will have an interest rate of 2.381% per annum and will be issued at a price equal to 100% of their face value. The 2023 Notes will have an interest rate of 3.849% per annum and will be issued at a price equal to 100% of their face value. The weighted average interest rate on the Notes is approximately 3.36%.. The Notes offering is expected to close on December 24, 2012.
The net proceeds from the offering will be approximately $1.48 billion, after estimated issuance discounts, commissions and offering expenses payable by CCL. CCL will use a portion of the net proceeds from the offering to finance its previously-announced tender offer for any and all of its outstanding 7.75% Senior Secured Notes due 2017 (the "Existing Notes"), and to redeem any of the Existing Notes that remain outstanding after the expiration of the tender offer. CCL anticipates distributing the remaining net proceeds to Crown Castle to fund, together with borrowings under Crown Castle's revolving credit facility, Crown Castle's previously announced tender offer for any and all of its 9.00% Senior Notes due 2015. Crown Castle has received preliminary commitments to increase its revolving credit facility by an additional $500.0 million, and expects to consummate such increase prior to the closing of the Notes offering. The purpose of the offering of the Notes is to extend debt maturities and reduce annual interest expense (after giving effect to the related tender offers and redemptions and related revolver borrowings described above, the offering would reduce Crown Castle's annualized consolidated cash interest expense by approximately $85.0 million).Instead of running off, again, on a wild goose chase, it maybe would be simpler to just read keys, the official documentation? It mentions there that:.
... and without seeing your code, my guess is that you are "using" that experimental feature, knowingly or not.
In reply to Re^3: How do you find keys of a Blessed Hash?
by Corion
in thread How do you find keys of a Blessed Hash?Amara have produced a collection of wine accessories with the help of Atelier du Vin, who are the market leaders in the field of wine apparatus design. The Atelier du Vin Bubble Indicator is a perfect for that someone who has everything, it is an ingenious device to keep your champers fizzy, who would not appreciate that?
We also have additions from William Yeoward Crystal, including the beautiful Wine Funnel which has a spiral optice allowing the wine to swirl as it passes into a decanter to allow the wine to breathe even more. It will make a fabulous present for any wine lover, perfect to present with crystal wine glasses or decanters & carafes to make a wonderful gift.
If you are still stuck for ideas and need some help or advice please do not hesitate to contact us on 0800 5877645- Stock Vector Illustration:
4 icons in "Healthcare" 22 degrees blue icons set pictured here from left to right: Scalpel, Test-tube, Thermometer, DNA-chain.
- Image ID: 96877579
Enjoy hundreds of images a month with no daily download limits. Subscribe and save 20%
High quality images curated from over 150 countries.
Over 50 million photos, vectors, illustrations, and more.
Simple and flat pricing by image or by month.
Over 230,000 images downloaded every day.120hz. unfortunately tegra content on TweakTown - Page 1
We found 1 items for the tag: 120hz. unfortunately tegra
NEWS
NVIDIA Tegra 4 processor details leaked: 4-plus-1 cores, 28nm, six times the power of Tegra 3
Dec 18, 2012 1:49 pm
NVIDIA's Project Wayne, the next generation Tegra Processor has been leaked. Specs to follow.Crime Statistics
The following broaden to include not only arrest but also disciplinary referrals.
***
Hate Crimes
This format was created by the Council on Law in Higher Education and the National Center for Higher Education Risk Management.
Uniform Crime Reporting (UCR) Definitions
Criminal Homicide. Murder by non-negligent manslaughter: the willful (non-negligent) killing of one human being by another.
Criminal Homicide, Manslaughter by negligence: the killing of another person through negligence.
Arson: Any willful or malicious burning or attempt to burn, with or without intent to defraud, a dwelling house, public building, motor vehicle or aircraft, personal property of another, etc.
Rape:** (prior to August 1, 1992) The carnal knowledge of a person forcibly and/or against that person’s will, or not forcibly or against that person’s will
For more information contact:
Security and Protective Services
Luce Hall, 977 Beall Ave., Wooster, OH 44691
330-263-2590 or x2590 (on campus)
330-263-2538 (fax) or by email 24 inkjet, colour and mono laser printers including models from HP, Dell and Samsung and more.
We test 24 standard printers priced from $80 to over $1000, including inkjet, and colour and mono laser models to help you decide what's best for your budget and needs.
The machines in this test won't scan or copy; for those tasks you'll need a multifunction printer – see our latest multifunction printer review.
Here we'll help you:
Our test report compares products across these 64 criteria.
To see the report, become a member or log in now.
This makes up 70% of the Printing score.
Print quality is assessed by a panel of experts looking at typical black-and-white letter, an 8 x 10-inch high-quality photo, a spreadsheet and a colour document with a mixture of graphics and text. This simulates the most common printing habits.
This forms 75% of the overall score
This score is made up of print quality (70%), print speed (30%).
This makes up 30% of the Printing score.
It's the time taken to print plain text, a magazine page and high-quality colour pictures..
You need to be logged in to write a comment.
Destroy your paper trail with a shredder for your home or office.
A 3D printer opens up a world of DIY possibilities for creative and technical people.
Everything you need to know about choosing the best scanner or printer (or scanner-printer combo).Leland & Gray Players stage ‘The Crucible’
TOWNSHEND -- The Leland and Gray Players will present Arthur Miller’s "The Crucible" on Thursday at 7 p.m., Friday at 7:30 p.m., and Saturday at 3 and 7:30 p.m., at Leland & Gray’s Dutton Gymnasium. Ann Landenberger at verbatim@svcable.net or 802-348-7156.
‘Urinetown’ presented at Vermont Academy
SAXTONS RIVER -- Vermont Academy’s performing arts department presents "Urinetown: The Musical," a Broadway hit featuring music and lyrics by Mark Hollmann and book and lyrics by Greg Kotis, in Horowitz Performing Arts Hall, Nov. 9-11.
One of the most uproariously funny musicals in recent years, "Urinetown" is a laughter.
Performances are Friday and Saturday, Nov. 9 and 10, at 7:30 p.m., and Sunday, Nov. 11, at 2 p.m., in Horowitz Hall on the Vermont Academy campus. Admission is $10 for adults and $5 for students. For more information, call 802-869-6644.RedsZone.com - Cincinnati Reds Fans' Home for Baseball Discussion
>
Baseball
>
The Old Red Guard
> What's our song?
PDA
View Full Version :
What's our song?
guttle11
08-10-2006, 02:59 AM
The Red Sox had that crappy "We Believe", the White Sox had Journey, so what should be our song for this year?
KronoRed
08-10-2006, 03:04 AM
What song does Freel come to bat with?
Jpup
08-10-2006, 05:07 AM
I nominate Ryan Parker's "Cincinnati Is A Baseball Town."
He needs to make an updated version to remove Felipe and Austin, but it still gives me chills to watch that video. Great stuff!
StillFunkyB
08-10-2006, 08:09 AM
What song does Freel come to bat with?
Tom's Diner by Suzanne Vega
princeton
08-10-2006, 08:26 AM
for half of Redszone, it's "Let's Trade a Little"
for the other half it's "Don't Trade."
zombie-a-go-go
08-10-2006, 09:06 AM
Where Eagles Dare (Misfits) :cool:
Falls City Beer
08-10-2006, 10:09 AM
"Don't Cry Daddy" Elvis
KittyDuran
08-10-2006, 12:11 PM
What song does Freel come to bat with?I Feel Good by James Brown
Puffy
08-10-2006, 12:14 PM
whats our song?
What - are we dating??
TeamBoone
08-10-2006, 01:08 PM
I get knocked down, but I get up again (I don't know the title)
vaticanplum
08-10-2006, 01:23 PM
I get knocked down, but I get up again (I don't know the title)
That would be Tubthumper by Chumbawamba.
Puffy
08-10-2006, 02:50 PM
Wind Beneath my Wings by Bette Midler
Johnny Footstool
08-10-2006, 03:12 PM
"Rumpshaker" by Wrexx in Effexx?
"Xanadu" by Olivia Newton John (or, to a lesser extent, ELO's version)?
"Havin' My Baby" by Paul Anka?
...
Why do we have to try to define the season or the team with a song?
TeamBoone
08-10-2006, 03:40 PM
That would be Tubthumper by Chumbawamba.
Thank you.
I actually have the CD, but couldn't remember.
TeamBoone
08-10-2006, 03:40 PM
Wind Beneath my Wings by Bette Midler
Too slow.
KronoRed
08-10-2006, 04:59 PM
Tom's Diner by Suzanne Vega
That's it then :thumbup:
Phhhl
08-10-2006, 08:01 PM
Seek and Destory by Metallica.
Spitball
08-10-2006, 08:36 PM
How about Buttons by the Pu$$ycat Dolls? Hey, I know it has absolutely nothing to do with baseball...but that video is hot.:evil:
RBA
08-10-2006, 08:52 PM..........
Big Klu
08-10-2006, 09:13 PM
Hands...
Touching hands...
Reaching out...
Touching me...
Touching youuuuuuuuuuuuu....!
SWEET CAROLINE! <bum> <bum> <BUM!>
Good times never seem so good.....:D
boobhat
08-10-2006, 10:05 PM
anything by killswitch
GAC
08-11-2006, 10:57 AM)
15fan
08-11-2006, 12:40 PM
Carmen.
You know, the music from The Bad News Bears.
Yachtzee
08-11-2006, 03:39 PM
"Kick out the Jams" - MC5
Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.2 Copyright © 2015 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved.grassington.uk.com
We are ideally located for those who want a relaxing, quiet holiday, or equally for those who wish to walk in the Yorkshire Dales, or just sight-see.
Close by are the market towns of Skipton, Ripon & Knaresborough.
Grassington, the Bronte Country of Haworth, Emmerdale & Heartbeat Country, Ripley, RHS Harlow Carr Gardens and Harewood House are all within easy reach. The cosmopolitan cities of York and Leeds are a short drive away.life itself
i'm searching a peacefull life with a lot of mountain bike... also another goal is meet international friends while i manage a backpacker accomodation, and a Bike Tour operator in Cusco - Peru.
Mountain Bike, road bike... bike bike bike
Trekking, Rock climbing and bike!!!
Cusco
haku espi hasn't logged any travels yet..by Don Berg, FounderAttitutor Services
We teach attitude to children unconsciously by coincidence but to be responsible adults we need to teach it consciously and deliberately.
If our job is to launch children into a life where they can carry out important work in the world, then we have to make sure they get the right stuff to do the job.
Think of it this way, imagine your children are Space Shuttles and you are NASA.
What makes the shuttle move is fuel.
No fuel, no movement.
Motivation is the fuel for people.
But motivation has two parts that have to be mixed together to light the fires for focused learning; intrinsic and extrinsic motivators.
When adults cut children out of the decision making and planning of their own activities by overpowering them with extrinsic motivators then they run the risk of amputating intrinsic motivations.
Motivational amputees have an attitude deficit that may not be evident, but can lead to hardships later in the journey of life.
In order to teach attitude properly we have to honor the three fundamental lessons of every experience, which you can read about on my learning theory page.
All space shuttles have to withstand the stresses of launch and we all know that children today are being launched under especially challenging conditions.
If today's children do not develop the resiliency to handle unpredictable challenges then they are being cheated with potentially tragic results.
NASA is responsible for designing and operating their program safely and they generally have a good record of success.
But on January 28, 1986 disaster struck and the shuttle Challenger was destroyed along with all seven astronauts including Christa MacAuliffe who was going to be the first teacher in space.
We can learn valuable lessons about how to teach attitude from this disaster.
A combination of circumstances caused this tragic loss.
The immediate cause was the failure of an O-ring in the right solid rocket booster.
The reason that the O-ring failed is because it became brittle under the freezing conditions (it was the coldest launch to date by over 10 degrees and ice was seen on the launch platform.)
The reason that they chose to launch, even under extreme conditions, was that they had chosen to interpret the partial failures of the O-rings in previous launches to be a normal and expected feature instead of a warning sign of a serious problem with that crucial component.
(The original specifications did not include tolerances for "partial failures" and over the previous 24 successful launches NASA engineers created tolerances for "partial failures" based on the observed deterioration of the O-rings after each launch.)
So, ultimately the cause of the disaster was NASA's cultural tendency to keep things running rather than face the fact that they had serious problems that needed to be resolved.
Teach Attitude To Address Real Problems
Since the children have already been born, the decision to launch under challenging conditions has already been made.
Our society has many years of experience to show that most kids will survive school and so we have developed tolerances to partial failure rates. We accept as normal the following warning signs:
And we take as dire warning signs irrelevant information like international comparisons of unrelated test scores.
We have a culture of schooling that prefers to keep things going in the usual way in spite of the signs of real problems that need to be resolved.
If parents are NASA, then schools are Morton Thiokol, the supplier of the critically important O-rings.
What schools supply is about a third to a half of every child's waking experiences from the ages of about 6 to 18.
What specifications for this component of a child's life should guide the work of teachers?
Currently under the No Child Left Behind (NCLB) legislation our federal government is demanding schools deliver better standardized test scores.
The assumption is that teachers are responsible for delivering units of knowledge, skill, and information that are supposedly measured by those tests.
But, are measurable units of knowledge, skill and information really needed?
Eventually, yes, but those kinds of units are not the most basic elements of what children need to develop during childhood, test scores are not the right stuff for elementary age kids.
Teach Attitude for Survival
No amount of schooling or units of knowledge, skill or information as measured on standardized tests is going to help in the event of disasters or major accidents.
What will make the difference is attitude.
Psychologist Dr. Al Seibert found that there are no distinguishing demographic features of survivors of major accidents and disasters; no amount of schooling or academic skill is going to help if something goes majorly wrong.
To prepare a child to survive a disaster you have to equip him/her with a variety of ways to achieve and maintain optimal states of mind.
In plain terms this means that in order to survive a disaster your child has to be able to change their own mind from the naturally occurring state(s) of panic, anger, confusion, etc. to a state that allows them to focus on their immediate situation and act effectively to ensure their survival.
As a teacher I do not want to be the one who looks back after one of my students has tragically died and realize that I was more concerned with their attendance, grades and delivering academic units rather than developing the kind of attitude that could have helped her to survive.
Nor do I want have to be (nor face) the bereaved parent who valued obedience, test scores and academic performance more than their child's attitude towards life and learning.
Teach Attitude for Thrival
Attitude is both the key to surviving adversity and the most basic foundation for building a good life.
Attitude is more basic, more elementary, than academics.
Elementary school needs to be about attitude, not academics.
Academic knowledge, skills and information are important, but only after they can be acquired in the context of a good attitude towards life and learning.
Attitude is the critical O-ring that elementary schools supply and if students leave elementary school with a bad attitude, or an O.K. attitude that is too brittle to withstand the challenges ahead, then they have been cheated.
We, as a society, have discovered that we are headed towards a dead end and we need to launch ourselves and especially our children onto a sustainable course if we want humanity to survive.
There is no reasonable doubt that difficulties are coming, the only question is who has the right stuff to survive and thrive through the transition period.
We already have enough knowledge, skills and information so the only question is whether we have the right stuff, the right attitude, to survive.
The job of parents and teachers today is to make sure that, even if our own elementary schooling was all about academics, our children's elementary school is all about attitude.
Do we teach attitude by accident or on purpose?
Next Steps to Teach Attitude
So, naturally, there are a number of questions about how to teach attitude that have to be answered and I am attempting on this site to answer a few of them.
SBI!Three Die After Aircraft Hits Mississippi House
A Ridgeland, Miss., man piloting a small plane and his two passengers died when the aircraft crashed into a west Jackson home early Tuesday evening.
The single-engine aircraft, a Piper PA-32 Cherokee Six,.
Family members of the pilot, John Tilton, confirmed his death. “We just don’t have anything to say right now,” a male family member answering the phone at Tilton’s home said.
For the complete story by The (Jackson) Clarion-Ledger, click here.As storm season approaches you will find more and more roofers in the area. This is not because there are more roofers opening best homeinsurance companies in the area, it’s because the “fly by night” roofers come to town. North Texas is known for the amazing thunderstorms and hail we get during April and May. Because of these storms, roofers come from all different parts of the country to make a quick buck. What makes these roofers different from local roofers?
homeinsurance-companies.com
Storm chasers come out from the wood works when a big storm hits the area. They claim to have been in business for many years, they’ll offer warranties that no one can beat and sometimes even give you cash back on your roof. If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Many homeowners love the idea of getting a free roof (because your roofer is covering the motor trade insurance) AND getting money back. It’s equivalent to winning the lottery. There are many problems with this.
Storm Chasers will get a local phone number and PO Box
Know that anybody can get a local number. It’s as simple as logging onto your Google account and choosing ANY phone number that you want or driving to Metro PCS for a month to month contract. Local numbers don’t mean they are local to the area. Take time to do dirty work by searching online for their business and see what people have to say about the company.
Check Online Reviews
Sites likes Yelp.com or Google Reviews make it easy to find out how reputable a company is. If there are no reviews, ask why? If a company has been in business 10 years but not one person has had anything to say about them, that might draw a red flag. If a company has a bad review, don’t throw them out the door. Ask the company about the review and get the roofers side of the story. It’s a fact that most people will write a bad review before ever writing a good review about a company. People want to be heard so the roofing company may have a bad review or two. If the reviews are ALL bad, then run the other way.
The Better Business Bureau (BBB) is a great resource for consumers to check local businesses. The BBB grades business from A+ to F on consumer claims and the business tactics. The BBB reports on businesses that are accredited and not accredited. BBB works closely with local, state and federal law enforcement agencies, providing them with valuable information on potential frauds so use this free resource. (Check out LSDG Roofing’s Better Business Bureau Score.)
Storm Chasers Offer a Longer Warranty Than any Other Company
These storm chasers offer you a warranty that out beats every other company because they won’t be here in a few months, they’ll leave town and you’ll never see them again. When your roof starts leaking from a faulty roof and you try to call them (since your roof is still under “warranty”) you’ll call and get a disconnected number. They can promise you the moon, but they won’t be able to fulfill it. Be weary and ask questions if you don’t completely understand.
Storm Chasers will Replace Your Roof for Free by “Covering” your Deductible
Your only out of pocket expense when getting your new roof will be your deductible. Everybody’s deductible is a different amount depending on which coverage plan was chosen through their insurance. An insurance deductible may be defined as the amount you must pay upfront before the carriers pay you for the loss covered. Many storm chasers will “absorb” your deductible. My absorbing your deductible
Offer you Cash Back on your Roof
You are jumping with joy because not only is your roof free but you will make money on the deal. Like I said before, if it’s too good to be true, than it probably is. Let’s review this topic. If a roofer is able to give you money back on your roof, they must be cutting corners somewhere on your roof. They will most likely be hiring roof installers that are not qualified or they might not even pay the roof installers. (We’ve seen this many times.) If they’re not slacking on the installation, they will be installing a used shingle or a shingle that you never agreed to. You might have ordered a 30 year Owens Corning Driftwood shingle, but they are installing a low grade shingle from another manufacturer that is half the cost but the same color. How will you ever know the difference?
Ask for References
References are key. Ask for phone numbers, addresses and names of customers that you can call. If the roofer is unable to provide you with anything, be weary. If the roofer gives you a list of references, call one or two of the customers on the list and ask about their experience, if the roof was done in a timely manner, and if they would recommend using the company. People will tell you the truth, don’t be afraid to ask. Drive by the houses that the company says that they have recently roofed and take a look at their roof. Check to see if it looks good from the ground. Don’t be shy!
Don’t Feel Obligated to Sign a Contract
Fly by night roofers will use high pressure sales tactics to push you into signing a contract or contingency agreement. Don’t sign anything if you’re not comfortable. The best thing to do is take their info, and tell them you will call them when you make a decision – even if you think they’re a legit company. Use this time to do research on the company by checking their references, the BBB and credibility.
Shop Local and Use a Company That Has Been In Town for Years
Instead of going with a company from out of town or even out of state, how about using a local company that has been around town for years? There are many companies that you might not know about. Ask your neighbors and friends for a recommendation. Many companies, like LSDG Roofing, offer a referral program. Another great resource to utilize is your local Chamber of Commerce. They will be able to direct you contractors in your area.
Don’t Pay for your Full Roof Up Front
If a roofer tells you that they need full payment for your roof upfront, then RUN the other way. Chances are they will take your money and have a nice vacation with it. You will probably never see them again. At LSDG Roofing, we ask for your first insurance check before we drop material. If you do not feel comfortable giving us the whole check, we ask for half of it up front and the second half as soon as we drop material. If you pay for your whole roof up front, how can you trust that they will return to fix your roof?
Ask to See Their Drivers License
Allowing a stranger into your home is scary. Ask to see their drivers license to check their identity and also to see what state it’s from. Obviously, you would want to see a driver’s license from the state that you are living in. Checking their license is a safe, secure way to know who you are dealing with. Don’t worry, they won’t take any offense to it!
Not all roofers that arrive on your door step after a storm are dishonest. We don’t want to scare you away from all roofers, because they aren’t all bad. We do want to help you make the right decision when giving someone access to your home. State Insurance Commissioner Eleanor Kitzman says that Texas has one of the highest rates of fraud in the roofing repair industry. That’s scary to think about, but if you do your research you won’t have any problems. If you have encountered a roofing scam, contact your local police and Texas Department of Insurance to file a claim.
What are you working on?Rockford Police say two men who were involved in an armed robbery Wednesday, fled from officers on the Westside. Police say the suspects crashed into another vehicle and then smashed through a Westside home. One man is in custody, another on the loose.
ROCKFORD - The Winnebago-Boone county Integrity Task Force completes its investigation into a fatal car accident involving police.
Pope Francis declared Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II saints today during a canonization ceremony in Rome. This is the first time in over 2 thousand years that 2 popes have been elevated to sainthood, and with a large catholic community in the Stateline hundreds came together at St. Stanislaus Kostka in Rockford to celebrate
There are an estimated 12 million illegal immigrants living in the U.S. and here in Rockford, a debate raged on Friday about whether steps should be taken to grant them legal status.
ROCKFORD - Residents who've been running their water non-stop to avoid freezing pipes can breathe a sigh of relief.
Although it is vacant right now, the Fran Kral building could be transformed into a healthcare clinic and wellness center for city employees by the summer of 2014.
City.
Ill.
Twenty-eight attorneys general from 24 states, three U.S. territories and Washington, D.C. are pressuring five retailers, including Walgreens and Wal-Mart Stores, to follow the move by CVS Caremark Corp. to end sales of tobacco.
Low revenue and struggling businesses are words that describe the Stateline economy, but it was a different story at the RoRo Expo in Rockton, where over 150 business vendors flourished.
Transforming the City of Rockford has become a hot topic these days, and one local film maker said he has an interesting way to do it, by capturing the culture of the Forrest City through the eye of the camera lens...
Heroin use is on the rise here in Winnebago County and that means more heroin overdoses. One attorney general wants to fight the addiction, and stop the rise of overdoes.
The Rockford Police department is warning the Stateline of one popular website to be aware of a dangerous situation. Craigslist has thousands of posts for items right here in the Stateline area.
Todd Swanson, a 47 year old man who lives in the Rockford area. He has harassed several women all over the city of Rockford in the past couple of months. Rockford police have received many complaints about Swanson and his bizarre behaviors.
Temperatures are finally warming up outside, but this is not good for the Rockford roads. Eyewitness news spoke with one auto body shop that says the thaw is costing stateline drivers big money in car repairs.
The latest case is at Carlson elementary. The child was sent home to recover, but the district wants parents to be alert. While covering this story, Eyewitness News spoke with a father who said his son also caught the whooping cough from a classmate at Carlson last Fall.
MCHENRY COUNTY - A Crystal Lake teenager is accused of threatening to kill Harvard High School students via a rap video.
The Rockford International Airport had some exciting news Monday, telling locals that one of the city’s biggest summer events will be back and bigger than ever this year.
Statliner's who are sick and tired of seeing snow and cold temperatures, stopped by the Rockford Boat Show today to warm up their spirits and get ready for summer.
Stateline animal lovers seem to get younger each year. Some are even dedicating their favorite day of the year to Stateline shelters.
It’s been a roller-coaster two days for the family of the newborn. Family telling us there was never a doubt in their mind who took the child.
Four hundred crusaders packed the Rockford Lutheran gymnasium on Friday to talk about different ways that they can help transform the community.
We are learning more about the man shot and killed by police while stabbing his family.Hi guys.
I am just curious if any of you have seen this. This Eagle was making a high Gs turn and after snapping a few photos, I
noticed the skin on the wing wrinkled up under high G load. Compared it with another few pics I took of the same bird
at low speed, and there was no wrinkles. First time I have seen this. Thanks.details
We've all done it, flicked through a glossy fashion mag and wondered how the stars manage to look so flawless all the time. Get the A-list treatment yourself with today's deal from Phase Photography:
• Pay £15 (a £165 value) and you could make like a celeb with a two-hour photo shoot.
• Start with a glass of bubbly before experiencing the celebrity treatment -- receive a make over and hair style from the talented and experienced stylists -- before your session in the photographic studio begins.
• You'll also receive a 10x8-inch print from the shoot to take home.
• Or Get the family involved for £9 (a £110 value) you could enjoy a family, baby, or pregnancy shoot.
• The shoot will aim to capture the unique magic of you and your family -- letting you take home a 10x8-inch print, whether you've chosen the family, pregnancy, or baby shoot.
• The friendly and welcoming studio is located in Portslade.
It's time to have your moment in the spotlight, click 'Buy Now' and get ready for your close up. »
Phase Photography
Photo Shoot with Bubbly, Make Over and 10x8-Inch Print (£15); or Family Shoot, Pregnancy, or Baby Shoot with 10x8-Inch Print (£9)
- from £15
- up to 91%
- 28
- --:--:--Meet Rex, the real bionic man (and he didn't cost $6million!): Scientists create body using artificial limbs and organs
- Built for a Channel 4 documentary, Rex the bionic man raises ethical dilemmas
- The programme's presenter, Dr Bertolt Meyer, has a £30,000 bionic limb after he was born without a left hand
It cost six million dollars to create bionic superhero Steve Austin.
Scientists however have built a man from artificial limbs for a sixth of the price.
Known as Rex – short for robotic exoskeleton – his 6ft frame is made up of an array of artificial limbs and organs from around the world.
Scroll down for video
Scientists have built a man from artificial limbs known as Rex which is made up of.
He has the technology: Dr Bertolt Meyer, who has a bionic limb, has a drink with Rex.’
How to Build a Bionic Man is on Channel 4 on February 7. Read more in this week's Radio Times on C4 on Thursday, February 7. Read more in this week’s Radio Times, out today.
VIDEO You can swing freely - side to side - on Rex and it doesn't fall<<Envisioning the Programming Language of the Future
Microsoft C++ architect extols the virtues of melding major languages with virtual platforms.VANCOUVER, British ColumbiaWhat.
Be sure to add our eWEEK.com Windows news feed to your RSS newsreader or My Yahoo pageSpiritual Words.
Expand Messages
- "At the beginning of every task, call on the name of the Lord your God, and
begin it with prayer, that the Lord may prosper you to begin it and complete
it. And from this it is evident that a Christian ought not to begin
anything that is contrary to the Law of God, but only that which is in
agreement with it."
St. Tikhon of Zadonsk.
---------------------------------------------------------------
"Unto You I lift up my eyes, O You who dwell in the heavens." Psalm
123.Here's how RW members rated this race in the past (815 votes).
In short: Good race well organisedIn full: My first 1/2 for twenty years! Got the bug back. Well organised and marshalled. Good drinks stations. Crowd all round route great.I am doing my 1st ever marathon here again this year!Date of review: January 18, 2007
In short: It had taken me long enough to enter my home-town race but it was well worth it. Rumer Hill is, and always will be, a bit of a killer - as is the Greenway (long, flat, boring!) Definitely entering again and looking for a good improvement on time.Date of review: November 30, 2006
In short: really nice friendly race, running through some lovely villagesDate of review: August
In short: Nice, fairly flat course - well signedIn full: I thought there'd be more 'entertainment' for supporters and family for such a 'big' event - especially given the venue! The course was well marshalled and plenty of water/sponges. I was a little disappointed with 'NO GOODY BAG' given the entry fee of £22 !! Just a bottle of water and a banana...pretty poor I think.Date of review: June 25, 2006
In short: FANTASTIC will do it againDate of review: June 14, 2006
In short: A good day out, but I died of boredom on the GreenawayIn full: The start was slightly chaotic but as I am not a fast runner it didn't bother me, I almost came a cropper over some bollards which we weren't alerted to it was only that a runner in front of me made me aware. I enjoyed the run though, and thank you to the man playing his stereo and to all the others who encouraged us plodders. I would have welcomed more supporters on the Greenaway, surely the most boring stretch in any race I have entered.At least I managed to run up the hills (I hate hills I enjoyed my day and work permitting will enter again, and hopefully will do a better time. It's the only race I've entered where I've been able to park right beside the start!Date of review: June 6, 2006
In short: There was good support throughout the race, which boosted me in the latter miles. My first half-marathon and I would recommend it highly!Date of review: June 4, 2006
In short: My first Marathon: thoroughly positive experience.Date of review: May 27, 2006
Visit the official Runner's World page
Follow Runner's World on Twitter
Other Natmag-Rodale Sites
Membership
Competitions
Shopping
Run For Charity
Injury Clinics
About Runner's World
Reviews
Health
Events
Training
ForumsANZ First
An everyday credit card with a low annual fee.
You pay, you get
Rates and fees
(View current rates) interest rates on purchases2
(View current rates) interest rates on cash advances2
$1,000 minimum credit limit
$30 Total Annual Fee
Features and benefits
Shop with extra security and confidence
- With ANZ Falcon™ you get advanced, around-the-clock monitoring for suspicious transactions.
- You won't be liable for fraudulent transactions on your ANZ credit card account5 with ANZ’s Fraud Money Back Guarantee
- Worldwide emergency credit card replacement
Convenient ways to bank
Bank on your iPhone or Android. Anytime. Anywhere7.
For payments under $100, simply tap and go with your card. No need to sign or enter a PIN.
Manage your credit card online, 24/7.
How to apply
You don’t need to be an ANZ customer to apply. Once approved, you may expect to receive your credit card within five business days.
Considering upgrading to ANZ Platinum?
Upgrade to ANZ Platinum for an extra $57 p.a. and get Platinum benefits including overseas travel and medical insurance8.
Important information
All applications for credit cards are subject to ANZ's credit assessment criteria.
View ANZ terms, conditions, fees and charges
1. Offer only available to new and approved credit card applicants who apply for an ANZ First credit card account with the balance transfer by 30 June 2015.
(View current rates) for ANZ First as at
(View current rates) and is subject to change. Terms and conditions apply to balance transfers. Payments to your account are applied in accordance with the ANZ Credit Cards Conditions of Use. ANZ reserves the right to withdraw this offer at any time..5. Provided the cardholder didn’t contribute to the loss and notified ANZ promptly of the fraud.
5. Provided the cardholder didn’t contribute to the loss and notified ANZ promptly of the fraud.
6. Subject to ANZ Designmycard Image Guidelines. Terms and Conditions available at the Designmycard website.
7..
8..Vocabulary Word
Word: miscellaneous
Definition: made up of a variety of parts
Definition: made up of a variety of parts
Sentences Containing 'miscellaneous'
"On the Ngaju Dayak Sound System," "Miscellaneous Studies in Indonesian and Languages in Indonesia" 3:49-59.
"Outlaw Star" has received very modest commercial success and miscellaneous viewer recognition.
(Overall, Apache gunships destroyed nearly 950 Iraqi tanks, personnel carriers, and miscellaneous vehicles).
Accordingly, the Transport (Compliance and Miscellaneous) Act made provision for the Minister to issue a notice specifying the matters to be investigated, the nature of the Commission's reporting on its investigations and other relevant matters.
Also, Tesla spent a tenth of his time researching miscellaneous subjects.
Although "organic" (produced by nature) rotenone is no longer considered an environmentally safe chemical. Miscellaneous.
Both divisions also had a miscellaneous collection of anti-tank guns and artillery pieces, as well as a small number of German and French tanks and self-propelled guns.
Edward Smedley (1788–1836) was an English clergyman known as a miscellaneous writer.
Federated Miscellaneous Workers' Union of Australia
Festivals and other miscellaneous performances Musicians.
For examples:books and fees, meal and housing, transportation, miscellaneous expenses are all covered by this scholarship.
Hart's coworkers, professional wrestlers and other miscellaneous workers, appeared somber after Hart's fall as they continued to do their jobs.
He was a sort of town traveller for a number of miscellaneous houses, now; but made little or nothing of it, I am afraid.
himself, on pretence of such speculations or otherwise; perpetuated by a miscellaneous catalogue of unscrupulous chicaneries--gradually thickened, until the unhappy Mr. W.
His "Crocorum Synopsis" appeared in the miscellaneous portion of the "Botanical Register" for 1843-4-5..
In a slightly higher register, "Gerät" represents a miscellaneous artifact or utensil, or, in casual German, may also refer to an item of remarkable size.
It was only available in the UK and West Germany, and can be seen as the predecessor to "Miscellaneous T", which includes all of the tracks from this release and an additional track, "Hello Radio".
Kapleau passed the miscellaneous koans (about 50) the Mumonkan (96 koans including the verses) and the Blue Cliff Record (100) if he finished it.
MISCELLANEOUS OBJECTIONS TO THE THEORY OF NATURAL SELECTION.
Miscellaneous works, besides separate sermons, are:
Montgeron is served by Montgeron – Crosne station on Paris RER line D. Miscellaneous.
More specific powers including those of a coercive nature are contained in the key support statute to the Transport Integration Act, the Transport (Compliance and Miscellaneous) Act 1983.
Most were basic trim packages, the most popular being the "Berlinetta", which was similar to the "Luxus" but included rubber trim on the bumpers (standard on all 1973 U.S. Opel Mantas), vinyl roof, and other miscellaneous features.
observed Miss Mowcher, standing at the chair again, and replacing in the bag a miscellaneous collection of little objects she had emptied out of it.
On 4 June 1945, she was reclassified as a miscellaneous auxiliary and designated as AG-110.
Other translations were from German, Danish, and Portuguese poems, with some miscellaneous English poems (1804).
Robert Huish (1777 – April 1850) was a prolific, but generally poorly regarded, English author of history books, novels, and miscellaneous other works.
Samuel Roffey Maitland (1792–1866) was an English historian and miscellaneous writer on religious topics.
Several experimental weapons were trialled at Brean, by the Admiralty's Directorate of Miscellaneous Weapons Development, based at HMS Birnbeck.
Summary of discourse and other particles: Miscellaneous.
The contents of fandiscs varies, but often includes new images, music, minigames and miscellaneous information related to the original game.
The Federated Miscellaneous Workers' Union (F.M.W.U.), commonly known as the 'Missos', was an Australian trade union which existed between 1915 and 1992.
The manuscript is made up of forty folios, and is compiled as part of a miscellaneous volume of works.
The museum collection includes 1,140 artifacts covering traditional folk arts, agricultural tools, artworks, musical instruments, trophies, and other miscellaneous artifacts.
The Presbyterian Historical Society has a collection of miscellaneous items dealing with the development and growth of the First Presbyterian Church.
The remaining products are carpet yarn, cordage, felts, padding, twine, ropes, decorative fabrics, and heavy duty miscellaneous items for industrial use.
The rest of the population was made up of clerical workers and skilled manual workers or other miscellaneous.
The tiled floor was thick with dust, and a remarkable array of miscellaneous objects was shrouded in the same grey covering.
The U-type classification was used as a miscellaneous class for asteroids with unusual spectra that didn't fit into the C and S-type asteroid classifications.
The widely used reciprocating engine typically consisted of a cast iron cylinder, piston, connecting rod and beam or a crank and flywheel, and miscellaneous linkages.
This museum exhibit is extensive, and covers the Berlin Airlift, early Strategic Air Command operations of the base, and miscellaneous information about the accomplishments of Travis airmen during that time.
Thomas Archer's eldest son, William Archer, became famous as a dramatic critic, playwright, and miscellaneous writer.
To reflect the growing range of industries represented in 1915 the union changed its name to the Federated Miscellaneous Workers' Union.
USS "Belle Isle" (AG-73/AKS-21) was a "Basilan"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy during World War II.
USS "Kent Island" (AG-78/AKS-26) was a "Belle Isle"-class miscellaneous auxiliary acquired by the U.S. Navy shortly before the end of World War II.
USS "Lignite" (IX-162), a designated an unclassified miscellaneous vessel, was the only ship of the United States Navy to be named for lignite.
While being predominantly breakcore-based, Ladyscraper's sound also incorporates elements of metal, grindcore/cybergrind ambient and plunderphonics in his music; including the usage of guitars and miscellaneous sampling.
Woolston made an appearance in a miscellaneous match against Glamorgan, though he did not contribute with either the bat or the ball.
‘The Tribute: a Collection of Miscellaneous unpublished Poems by various Authors,’ London, 1837, was edited by the Marquess of Northampton for the benefit of Smedley's family.
More Vocab Words::: exude - flow out slowly; discharge (gradually); give forth; N. exudation
::: indecision - irresolution; inability to make up one's mind
::: parlance - language; manner of speaking; idiom; Ex. in legal/common parlance
::: discredit - defame; disgrace; destroy confidence in; disbelieve; N. CF. discreditable: causing discredit; shameful
::: enervate - weaken; take away energy from
::: postulate - self-evident truth; something assumed without proof; V: assume the truth of (as a basis of an argument)
::: abhor - detest; hate
::: penitent - repentant; N.
::: compulsory - obligatory; that must be done
::: unfledged - immature; not having the feathers necessary to fly; CF. fledglingHankel Operators and the Dixmier Trace on Strictly Pseudoconvex Domains
Generalizing earlier results for the disc and the ball, we give a formula for the Dixmier trace of the product of $2n$ Hankel operators on Bergman spaces of strictly pseudoconvex domains in $\bold C^n$. The answer turns out to involve the dual Levi form evaluated on boundary derivatives of the symbols. Our main tool is the theory of generalized Toeplitz operators due to Boutet de Monvel and Guillemin.
2010 Mathematics Subject Classification: Primary 32A36; Secondary 47B35, 47B06, 32W25
Keywords and Phrases: Dixmier trace, Toeplitz operator, Hankel operator, Bergman space, Hardy space, strictly pseudoconvex domain, pseudodifferential operator, Levi form
Full text: dvi.gz 43 k, dvi 102 k, ps.gz 1061 k, pdf 246 k.
Home Page of DOCUMENTA MATHEMATICAMost Accurate MLB Experts Past 4 Years
An Iconic Fantasy Baseball CommunityPhuket to Phi Phi Islands by Speedboat
Read what other Viator.com travelers think about the Phuket to Phi Phi Islands by Speedboat. What they loved, what they liked and what they think could be improved, it's all here to help you make the most of your next trip.
This tour took us to 3 different locations. All were beautiful! It's a must do trip. We couldn't decide between the speedboat and ferri at first. I'm glad we did the speedboat. We got from place to place a lot faster. We were able to snorkle and relax by the beach.
Go for it! An amazing trip that slows you to see all of the Islands in a day as well as a great tour guide to keep you entertained. You're fed, watered and you'll see some amazing things so take a camera.
Tour was fabulous. They were an amazing tour group. I was sick on the day of our trip. They reacheduled us for another day without hassle. Guides were super friendly and knowledgeable. I would go again. Each stop was fun and we spent enough time at each. Great honeymoon adventure!!!
Best tour ever! if you get sea sick take tablets first. Otherwise it was such a beautiful experience. A lot of swimming and jumping in and out of the boat in the middle of the ocean. Snorkelling is a must! So much food is given and its all oh so yummy. Water is always so warm, a little too warm if you ask me.
We had a great time on this trip. The guides and the boat driver did a great job. We enjoyed all the beautiful lagoons and beaches. Lunch was great. When the dark clouds rolled in at the end of the day, our driver made great time back to port. This was one of our favorite days.
Although it was raining (we went in july during monsoon season) the trip was great! we had just enough time to swim and snorkel at each stop and each stop was beautiful. after this trip patong seemed far too dirty to enjoy!
I can't say enough about this trip. It was paradise. Great guide, loved every beach. There was more than enough time at every island. I never felt rushed. It was relaxing and nice. I felt that we saw a lot of the phi phi islands in one day.
Excellent trip!! A must if you want to see the coral and fish. This tour does not go to the shops on Phi Phi island though, so if you want shopping go on another tour, but if you want to see the nature side, this is for you!
Trip was everything that was promised. Picked up hotel on time by nice van speedboat was very nice & very fast! The ONLY was to get there as it's farther than you'd think. Islands are beautiful & snorkeling very nice. Only thing I'd change is forget stopping at "The Beach" island as it's too crowded, the toilets stink, and if you leave your shoes in the boat as the guides suggest, it will be impossible to walk over the coral to actually see that site. Take your Dramamine & SPF 50 as the ride, particularly if you're stuck in the open front, is rough & very sunny. OK for my bad back, though & they planed ride better on way back so well that several of us fell asleep. Great day!.
You have to see Phi Phi Iland. The Speedboad is very fast. Tip Take ALWAYS the seat in the back inside. In the front is like Bullriding but over half an hour !! The crew is very helpfully and funny.
This was a fantastic day but I think that the weather on the day you travel affects the experience. No issues to mention, the guides were funny, knowledgeable and professional on this day trip and would have no hesitation recommending this to other travellers. A perfect trip if you want to see a lot in one day.
A lot of people on this tour, so there is a bit of a wait until everyone arrives; then you get split into smaller groups. This tour is definitely worth doing, saw some beautiful beaches and lagoons and the snorkelling was amazing. Saw some unforgettable sites.
We loved this day out! Our tour guide was very helpful & made sure we were all enjoying ourselves. The islands are absolutely beautiful & definitely worth seeing! It was very rough on our way back, but I took a tablet before we left & it worked for the whole day. I only recommend this if you are keen to relax for the day, my friend was very restless & thought we had too much time at each island, but I thought it was perfect.
This was a very well organised trip. Phi Phi Island is stunning and it was great to see such a remote part of Thailand. The lunch was great too, sitting on the beach. Just a lovely day all round. We were lucky our guide knew the monkeys at monkey beach only like nuts not banana. We literally had them eating out of our hands!! Don't take banana--they won't come near you no matter what your guide says. Fantastic day out, but if you get seasick take a tablet or two!! It can get very very rocky out there. I was so sick, but it was worth every minute when we arrived!!
This was just the best day out. The tour guide was extremely knowledgeable and had a great sense of humour. The scenery was spectacular, particularly Maya Bay and Monkey Beach. This trip was well worth it, and I would recommend it to everyone..
Special Offer
$98.16 Save $13.74Endorsements
Here is a list of the Statesman Journal Editorial Board's recommendations so far in the Nov. 2 election. Endorsements of ballot measures and Polk County candidates will be published this week.
U.S. Senate: Ron Wyden-D
5th District Congress: Kurt Schrader-D
Governor: Chris Dudley-R
State Treasurer: Ted Wheeler-D
Marion County Commissioner, Position 1: Patti Milne-R
No endorsements are made in uncontested races.
To read previous endorsement editorials, go to StatesmanJournal.com/politics.
More
Sen. Larry George represents an oddly shaped legislative district, one that spreads northeast from Keizer and eventually curves to the northwest.
George, a Sherwood Republican, says the district's borders are the epitome of political gerrymandering. He's probably right.
Senate District 13 includes parts of four counties — Marion, Yamhill, Washington and Clackamas; the cities of Keizer, St. Paul, Newberg, Wilsonville, Sherwood and Gaston; and parts of Forest Grove, Cornelius, Hillsboro, Beaverton, Tigard, King City and Tualatin.
It's a conservative-leaning district and George is a devout conservative, although his views can't always be pigeonholed.
He thinks state agencies too often get in the way of local governments. He considers immigration enforcement a federal responsibility. He sees no social issues on the horizon for the 2011 Legislature. He suggests the state's tax and business policies favor existing firms while hurting people trying to start a business. He's frustrated that Oregon is urbanizing high-quality valley farmland instead of building on non-farm hillsides.
And he acknowledges that Republicans have been as guilty as Democrats of over-spending at the state Capitol.
George has been around the Capitol a long time, growing up in a political family and having worked as a lobbyist and on political campaigns. He is completing his first Senate term. If re-elected at the Nov. 2 election, he says, this next four-year term likely will be his last, because turnover in government is good.
His opponent, Democrat Timi Parker of Newberg, is a retired schoolteacher; she taught in three different communities within the Senate district. She describes herself as deeply interested in public policy. However, her views on specific issues are less defined than George's.
Larry George is the better candidate to represent Senate District 13.
Senate District 13: Timi Parker Candidate Questionnaire
Senate District 13: Larry George Candidate QuestionnaireRachael Simpson has just released a debut chapbook, Eiderdown, with Apt. 9 Press. In Eiderdown, Rachael takes the Willard Asylum and the Willard Suitcase Exhibit as her starting points to ask questions about the responsibility the present holds for objects of the past. If you're in Ottawa, Rachael will be reading on Friday, November 16th at the The Carleton Tavern in Ottawa as part of the Factory Reading Series' pre-small book press reading and on Saturday, November 24th at the Raw Sugar Cafe with Phil Hall and Claudia Coutu Radmore. Visit our Events page for details.
Today Rachael takes on the Open Book Dirty Dozen, which gives authors the chance to share 12 unexpected facts about themselves. Rachael breaks the rules to give us a baker's dozen that includes unconventional yawning, wood smoke and dreams of well-water.
Rachael Simpson's poetry has been published in Canada, the United States and abroad. Her debut chapbook, Eiderdown, appears this fall out of Apt 9 Press. She lives in Ottawa.
For more information about Eiderdown and to purchase your copy, please visit the Apt. 9 Press website.
More information about formatting optionsI'm reluctant to add yet another opinion, but, oh what the heck: For me, lenses basically already solve the record problem. The only missing thing is to integrate them better with record declaration syntax. Having to rely on TH and then write a makeLenses splice is just too much friction to have lenses added everywhere automatically. TH makes compiles more fragile and slower, and worst of all introduces a declaration order constraint in the source file. So I declare by hand, but even at one line per lens, it's still too much friction, because after all they don't start saving you lines until you want to update a nested field. In addition, I can't use unqualified names because I would want to import only the record lenses unqualified, not the rest of the module. So I'd have to move all the data types into individual modules, because giant long import lists is definitely way too much friction. But the separate module is no good, because that in turns doesn't let you preserve invariants by restricting exports. So if I were doing the GSoC thing, here's what I would do: 1 - Add an option to add a 'deriving (Lens)' to record declarations. That makes the record declare lenses instead of functions. That's already most of the problem solved, for me, because it removes the TH friction. 2 - The next step is to allow 'deriving (ClassyLens)', which declares lenses plus the typeclasses to allow shared names. Then when you write 'import M (Record(..))', the (..) will import the stuff generated by 'deriving (ClassyLens)', i.e. the class methods. Now you can drop the record name prefixing and import unqualified to drop the module name qualification as well. It's still not ideal because you would have to add the unqualified 'import M (Record(..))', but is better than having to write out the list of fields every single time. And actually I'm not sure I could use even that, because record field names are usually the same as what you want to name the variable, e.g.: "name = parent.name .^ person". A hardcoded record field thing like SORF has the edge here because you can write "name = person.parent.name" without 'name' clashing. But in every other respect, lenses fit much better into the rest of the language and are much more powerful for much less (i.e. none!) ad-hoc language level complexity to support them, so to me they clearly win at power to weight ratio. But I don't mind always qualifying, e.g. 'name = Person.parent . Person.name .^ person' and avoiding the whole classes and unqualified import hassle, so just step 1 is basically problem solved (in fact, this is what I already do, just without the automatic lens generation). Alas, not everyone shares my attitude towards qualification. In fact, I'm probably in a small minority (hi Henning!). Which is sad, because just doing #1 would be so easy! Maybe I should just go do it myself, it's not like it would conflict with any of the other proposed extensions.
Hi Rane,greetings from Glasgow,we're listening to "WHY" now and we're wodering when you coming across the pond.
Awesome vox,band's as tight as a duck's ass.
I'm now singing along. Respect from Marie and Alan
Thanks for the continued support Rane!
Thank you for connecting with me! A new friend in music!! {^_^}
For a dreamer you certainly have a most powerful realistic voice and attitude of a focused grounded Star,blessings of a most rewarding week,shine on, Peace and Vision, Johnny
thanks!
nice to meet you
Nereide
Hey thanks for recommending me..Means a lot!
You Rock:)
~Jennifer Newberry
thanks for the props, you are a must see,im spreading yo love around.... beetledust
So, Rane Stone.
I came, I got cought in your lyrics.. then the unique vocal.. then the emotion.. and I found a soul bro... Thanks for reminding me that even on the internet with its overabundance of "flakey" artists, there still is the true man just doing what he is forced to do by his nature... get it? I bet you do,
Marija
Great stuff! Keep up the great work! PS: Thanks for recommending us! xoxo JVB:)
Thanks Rane for being so kind as to recommend us to your friends! Keep rocking and sending some love your way! Have a great weekendArchive for Tuesday, December 23, 2008
Johnson County Sheriff’s report
December 23, 2008
Friday, December 19
3:51 p.m., drug activity/narcotics complaint, Commerce Drive and Lexington Avenue, De Soto.
Thursday, December 18
6:57 a.m., theft report, 35000 block of West 91st. Street, De Soto
Wednesday, December 17
9:38 p.m., intoxicated driver, westbound Kansas Highway 10 and Kill Creek road
9:15 a.m., child in need of care, 8400 block of Kickapoo Street, De Soto
Tuesday, December 16
4:27 p.m., animal pickup, 34000 block of Orchard Drive, De Soto
2:25 p.m., non-injury accident, eastbound K-10 and Lexington Avenue
2:08 p.m., non-injury accident, eastbound K-10 and Evening Star Road
10:51 a.m., non-injury accident, 9000 block of Lexington Avenue
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.OP- Something different by Veleven
This one is certainly different, that's for sure. It was born out of a drawing day at *Pink-Foxx's house, while she worked on a project on Photoshop and I worked by hand on this. Have to say I wasn't feeling particularly well that day. I think I just wanted to try something... well.. different. And different it is. It's wonky, strange and every member of the Straw Hats look like they've each come down with some sort of illness, but overall it's rather interesting. I promised I'd submit this so here it is.. enjoy, yo!
prismacolour pencils and copic markers
One Piece (c) Eiichiro Oda
prismacolour pencils and copic markers
One Piece (c) Eiichiro Oda
I answered your question on your other post.
Very individual!Everything I Own – Bread (1972)
Following their initial break-up in 1973, Bread re-formed in 1976 and released their final studio album the following year. They disbanded again in 1978, then came back together briefly in 1996 when they mounted a worldwide 25th anniversary reunion tour. Front-man David Gates was the most visible member post-Bread with a short-lived solo career in the late 70’s, after which he retired to a ranch in California. Guitarist Jimmy Griffin went on to perform solo and with a couple other bands before succumbing to cancer in 2005. Bassist/keyboardist Robb Boyer went on to have a successful songwriting career in Nashville where he now resides. Drummer Mike Botts became a successful session musician before releasing his first solo album in 2000. He died from cancer in 2005. Bread was inducted into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 2006.
A couple other gut-wrenchers from Bread & David Gates:
Goodbye Girl – David Gates (1977)
Lost Without Your Love – Bread (1977)- Back
About Group
33 messages added in the last 7 days
Avoiding the `Argentine Flag Sign' in Intumescent Cataract Surgery
Dear Everybody, A video for your perusal depicting, Avoiding the `Argentine Flag Sign' in Intumescent Cataract Surgery by the Temporal Manual SICS Techniqueeyeinfirmary
Iridencleisis was a great operation in sixties. Scare of sympathetic
EyeRounds Online Atlas of Ophthalmology Contributor: *William Charles Caccamise, Sr, MD*, Retired Clinical Assistant Professor of Ophthalmology, University of
Artificial sweeteners are dangerous. Chewing gums especially
*Woman Dies From Aspartame Chewing Gum* From Dr. Betty Martini, D.Hum 5-20-15 Dear Doctor Griffiths, This is in regard to Samantha Jenkins who died from
Fetching Sponsored Content...
Group Description
This group has been formed to bring togather ophthalmologists from around the world in general and of the asian region in particular under one roof so that we have a stronger "world ophthalmology".
Group Website
Group Information
- 848
- Ophthalmology
- Apr 6, 2006
Group Settings
- This is a restricted group.
- Attachments are permitted.
- Members cannot hide email address.
- Listed in Yahoo Groups directory.
- Membership requires approval.
- Messages are not moderated.
- All members can post messages.DRINK RECOMMENDATIONS FROM STAR LIQUOR, 1209 WILLIAMSON
Slow Cooker Spicy Red Beans
Courtesy of Lucy Gibson, Willy Street Co-op Owner
Who doesn’t love slow cooker recipes? Adjust the level of spiciness in this dish by adding more or less cayenne.
- 2 1/2 cups dried red beans
- 1 1/2 tsp. cumin
- 1 Tbs. dried basil
- 1/2 tsp. ground cloves
- 1 bay leaf
- 1/4 tsp. ground rosemary
- 1 tsp. dried sage
- 1/4 tsp. black pepper
- 1/2 tsp. salt
- Cayenne (to taste)
Directions: Pick over and rinse the beans. Place the beans in a slow cooker. Cover with at least two quarts of water. Stir in the spices, then cover and turn the heat to high. Cook on high for at least 12 hours. Add water as needed, stirring occasionally. When the beans are tender and the juice becomes syrupy and tastes sweet, the beans are ready. Makes 10 servings.
Star Recommends: Maculan Pino & Toi
Pino & Toi is intensely perfumed, offering refreshing notes of citrus and apples. It is well balanced on the palate with loads of fresh peaches and pears, followed by a crisp and fragrant finish.
Carrot and Cilantro Fritters
Serve these fritters with a salad and you have dinner on the table in ten minutes.
- 6 medium carrots, trimmed and washed, grated
- 4 scallions, trimmed, both green and white parts, sliced
- 1 cup cilantro, roughly chopped, plus more to serve
- 2 eggs, beaten
- 1 Tbs. flour
- 3/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan
- 2 Tbs. heavy cream
- Salt
- Pepper
- 2 Tbs. olive oil
Directions: Place the grated carrots in a large mixing bowl and stir in the scallions and chopped cilantro. Add the eggs, flour, Parmesan, and heavy cream, and stir well to coat. Season to taste with salt and pepper.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Form the carrot mixture into thin fritters with your hands, then place in the skillet. Fry for 2-3 minutes on each side, until golden-brown. Allow the first side to form a crust before flipping. Serve immediately, garnished with more cilantro. Makes 4 servings.
Star Recommends: Milbrandt Pinot Gris
Fresh aromas of figs, apples, pears, white peaches and nectarines. It is crisp, lively and fresh with a nice balance of fruit and acidity.
Savoy Cabbage Chips
This is an interesting variation on the (almost!) ubiquitous kale chip that has been popping up everywhere. Savoy cabbage, being the showiest of all cabbages with its crinkly leaves, makes a very elegant snack.
- 1 savoy cabbage, cored, leaves separated, small leaves reserved for another use
- Salt
Directions: translucent and bright green, about 2 minutes per batch. Use a large slotted spoon to transfer the leaves to the ice bath. Gently swish the cabbage in the ice water to ensure that they are cool. Drain well, and dry thoroughly.
Set a wire rack inside each of two large rimmed baking sheets. Arrange the cabbage leaves on the wire racks in a singe layer. Bake about 3 hours, until completely dry and crisp. Season to taste with salt. Makes 6 servings.
Star Recommends: Las Vides Torrontes
Crisp and clean, with lemon-lime and lychee aromas that are typical and well presented. There’s body to the wine but also streamlining acidity, resulting in a slick, smooth mouthfeel. Flavors of green melon, citrus and lychee are fresh and positive.
Potato Rosemary Strudel
Adapted from
This is one of those effortlessly delicious and good-looking dishes that’s great to have in your repertoire. It also re-heats really well, so bake it a day in advance if you’d like, then put in the oven to heat through.
- 1 lb. puff pastry (thawed if frozen, according to package directions)
- 2 lb. potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced to 3/8-inch
- 1 c. sour cream
- 1 tsp. salt
- 1 tsp. fresh rosemary, chopped
- black pepper
- 1/2 tsp. minced garlic
- 1 egg yolk, beaten
- 1 Tbs. milk
Directions: Preheat oven to 350˚F. Roll out the pound of puff pastry on a sheet of parchment paper. The separate sheets will stick together as you roll. Roll it out into a 16x16-inch square. Transfer the parchment (with the pastry) to a large baking sheet. Cover and place in the refrigerator. Place the peeled potatoes in a large mixing bowl. Fold in the sour cream, and sprinkle with salt, rosemary, minced garlic, and a generous pinch of black pepper. Remove puff pastry from fridge, then arrange the potato and sour cream mixture in a long rectangular mound in the center of the puff pastry square. Fold the sides over to cover the potatoes, and gently press down the ends to seal. Run a very sharp knife crosswise over the strudel, creating several shallow diagonal slashes. In a small bowl, combine the egg yolk and the milk. Brush this over the top of the strudel and sprinkle with a bit of salt.
Bake for 45 minutes, occasionally rotating the pan to ensure even browning. Serve hot. Makes 8 servings.
Star Recommends: E Guigal Cotes du Rhone.
Celery Root and Mushroom Lasagna
Adapted from
This luxurious white lasagna made with an earthy, rich ragù, is worth every minute. For a vegetarian version, omit the prosciutto and use faux-chicken broth or mushroom broth instead of chicken stock.
- 1 c. dried porcini mushrooms
- 2 c. boiling water
- 4 Tbs. butter
- 1/4 c. olive oil
- 3/4 lb. button mushrooms, thinly sliced
- Salt and pepper
- 1/4 lb. thickly sliced prosciutto, cut into 1/4-inch dice
- 2 shallots, medium, minced
- 1 bay leaf
- 2 sprigs fresh rosemary
- 2 sprigs fresh sage
- 2 sprigs fresh thyme
- 1 lb. celery root, peeled, finely diced
- 3 leeks, medium, white and pale green parts only, finely chopped (about 3 c.)
- 1/2 c. dry Marsala
- 4 cups chicken stock (or low-sodium broth)
- 2 1/2 c. heavy cream
- 1 3/4 c. Parmigiano-Reggiano, grated
- 2 eggs, beaten
- 1 1/2 lb. lasagna noodles
- 1 1/2 lb. fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced
- 1 cup basil leaves
Directions: In a small bowl, soak the dried mushrooms in boiling hot water until softened, about 15 minutes. Drain and coarsely chop. Heat a large, and the diced celery root for 10 minutes, until the liquid has reduced to 3 cups. Remove from heat. Whisk in 1 1/2 cups of the grated Parmigiano-Reggiano. Whisk in the beaten eggs. Continue to whisk noodles until just barely al dente, then drain and transfer the noodles to the ice water. Drain.
Preheat the oven to 350˚F. Lightly butter a 9x13-inch baking dish. Arrange a single layer of slightly overlapping noodles in white sauce, then sprinkle with the last 1/4 cup of Parmigiano-Reggiano. Bake until bubbling and golden, about 1 hour. Allow to rest at room temperature for 20 minutes before serving. Makes 8 servings.
Star Recommends: Tenuta Vitanza Chianti colli Sensi
Compact and easygoing, Tenuta Vitanza’s Chianti Colli Senesi offers well-dosed aromas of wild berries and raspberry backed by light shadings of almond and vanilla. The wine has tart berry flavors and a note of sour cherry on the close.
Moroccan Carrot and Chickpea Salad
Adapted from
This salad is already quite hearty, with dried fruit, toasted nuts, and lots of fragrant fresh mint, but could be made even more substantial with the addition of couscous or bulgur.
- 1 Tbs. cumin seeds
- 1/3 cup olive oil
- 2 Tbs. lemon juice
- 1 Tbs. honey
- 1/2 tsp. salt, plus more to taste
- 1/8 tsp. cayenne pepper
- 10 oz. carrots, shredded on a box grater, or sliced thin on a mandoline
- 2 cups chickpeas (1 15 oz. can, drained and rinsed)
- 2/3 cup pitted dates (or prunes), cut into chickpea-sized pieces
- 1/3 cup fresh mint, torn
- 1/4 cup sliced almonds, toasted
Directions:, then set aside.
In a large bowl, combine the carrots, chickpeas, pitted dates, and mint. Drizzle in the dressing, and gently toss until evenly coated. Serve immediately, garnished with sliced almonds. Makes 4 servings.
Star Recommends: Chateau Grand Ferrand
Round, full and elegant with a beautiful tannic structure—it will allow an interesting evolution. Made from a blend rich in Merlot, this sumptuous red is beaming with ripe, red berry fruit.
Salmon with Cabbage and Cider Vinegar
Adapted from
Salmon, bacon, and cabbage come together in a perfect Irish dish. The apple cider vinegar is a nice counterpoint to the richness of the salmon.
- 4 6-oz. salmon filets
- 1 Tbs. olive oil
- salt
- black pepper
- 1/4 lb. bacon (thick-cut), diced
- 1 lb green cabbage, shredded to 1/2-inch thick
- 1/4 cup dry white wine
- 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
- 1/2 cup fish stock (or water)
- 1/2 cup heavy cream
- 1 Tbs. chopped fresh dill
- 1 Tbs. chopped fresh chives
Directions: in the skillet over medium heat until crisp, 9-10 minutes. Remove the bacon with a slotted spoon, leaving the bacon drippings in the pan. Place the bacon on a layer of paper towels and set aside. Cook the cabbage in the bacon fat over medium heat for about 5 minutes. Stir in the wine, vinegar, stock or water, and cream. Cover and cook until wilted, 12-15 minutes. Reduce heat to low and put the salmon filets in the pan on top of the wilted cabbage. Cover tightly and cook about 10 minutes, until the salmon is firm to the touch.
Spoon cabbage onto each plate, and top with bacon and a salmon filet and a spoonful of pan juices. Garnish with chopped dill and chives. Makes 4 servings.
Star Recommends: Montinore Estate Pinot Noir
This Pinot Noir has a good color, an inviting, aromatic and sweet bouquet of black cherry, light blackberry and coffee notes. The wine texture is sweet and rich. The ripe fruity flavors that linger complement the spicy black pepper finish.Transforming Network Infrastructure
Optical Networking
Virtualization
Hyperscale Data Centers
e-Newsletter
Transforming Network Infrastructure
Optical Networking
Virtualization
Hyperscale Data Centers
e-Newsletter
Transforming Network Infrastructure Industry News
[December 04, 2013]
Wyless, Iridium Join global trade group the International M2M Council
LONDON, Dec. 4, 2013 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- Iridium Communications, Inc. and Wyless Inc. have joined the International M2M Council (IMC), a global organisation that promotes the benefits of machine-to-machine communications (M2M). The IMC announced that both companies have become sustaining members of the London-based association, which was formed earlier this year by a group of influential solutions providers in the M2M industry.
Iridium, a global satellite services provider, and Wyless, an M2M/IoT managed services provider, are expected to contribute an expanded breadth of expertise to the IMC's first major initiative: the development of a library of M2M content, including in-depth user case-studies that will inform businesses about the benefits of M2M technology in various vertical markets.
Sometimes called the "Internet of Things," M2M refers to applications in which computers and sensors exchange data with each other to monitor and control remote machines. The IMC will cover broad areas of new, life-enriching connectivity applications in areas such as connected cars, mobile healthcare, home security, smart grid, and mobile supply-chain.
Iridium specializes in providing satellite communications between machines to industries where objects can be hard to reach, such as vehicle tracking, heavy equipment, energy, maritime, and aviation. Says David Wigglesworth, the company's VP of Data Services, "Iridium sees great value in joining together with other industry leaders to increase awareness of the business case for M2M. We've only scratched the surface of the economic benefits M2M can provide." Dan McDuffie, CEO of Wyless, agrees, "One of the things we appreciate most about the IMC is that it is prepared to carry its message globally. Many of our partners require solutions with a multinational footprint, and our industry group needs to reflect that." Wyless currently delivers M2M managed cellular service through 19 major telcos on every continent, and recently acquired TM Data of Brazil, a fellow MVNO.
Other sustaining members of the IMC are AT&T, Deutsche Telekom, Digi International, Kore Telematics, Oracle Corporation, users of M2M technology globally. For more information, visit.
SOURCE International M2M Council
[Carlo SCARPA
- Born
- 1906 Venice, Italy
- Died
- 1978 Sendai, Japan
- Nationality
- Italian
This website may contain links to external sites that contain information beyond the control of the National Gallery of Victoria. No responsibility is taken for any information or services which may appear on any linked website.You
Please note
When making your booking you must let us know your unit type and the size as we cannot process the booking without this information.
We do not allow gazebos, pup tents, awnings with annexes and sleeping in awnings. The outdoor lazy river is open from the 22/05 to the 31/08.
The holidays we offer have been designed with families and couples in mind. Therefore bookings by persons 21 years of age or under are not accepted unless they are a family booking. Bookings by groups of singles are not accepted. 7.0m (23.0ft x 23.0ft)
Ground type: Grass
Please note, trailer tents are not permitted. All cars must be parked in the dedicated parking around the tent field and not next to your pitch.
Sloping grass pitch with access to:
- shower block with 20 WCs, 18 showers, hairdryers and baby changing facilities
- separate WC and shower for disabled guests, please bring your own RADAR key for access to these facilities
- two covered dishwashing areas with eight sinks
- free use of entertainment and facilities included in your holiday cost. Some optional activities may incur an additional charge
Posted by Strobel's Antiques LLC on Sunday, April 22, 2012 · 1 Comment
John Schweikhard, Oil on board, Untitled, 18″ x 24″
John Schweikhard, Oil on board, Untitled, 18" x 24"
Filed under Featured, Paintings · Tagged with
That’s my gramps! So proud!!
Name (required)
Mail (will not be published) (required)
Website
Copyright © 2015 · All Rights Reserved · Strobel’s Antiques LLC
Strobel's Antiques LLC • 5629 Main Street • Williamsville, New York 14221 • 716.631.0173
That’s my gramps! So proud!!This topic is for discussing childcare options. If you want to advertise, please use your Local site.
Suspect my charge may have Asperger's(28 Posts)
I have been working for this family just under 3 months and strongly suspect my 5yo charge has Asperger's. How do I go about telling the parents this in as tactful and kind a manner as possible?
They are a lovely family and I'm really happy working for them, so of course I don't want to cause them any unnecessary hurt. I thought about broaching the subject with his teacher, but decided against that idea as I don't want to look like I'm going behind the parents backs.
Has anyone here had to handle this situation before? Are there any parents of ASD children who can advise me? I just want to do what's best for my charge and I know early diagnosis means he can be better helped long term.
What medical qualifications do you have? I don't think that its either a teacher's or a nanny's place to suggest that a child has autism. There are many other medical conditions like glue ear that cause social or communication problems. Autism spectrum disorders are diagnosed by a TEAM of QUALIFIED people over several appointments.
I think its perfectly reasonable for a teacher or even a brave nanny to say to an employer that you have concerns about communication skills and that prehaps this needs to be valuated by someone more qualified. (Ie. prehaps speech and language theraphist or audiologist)
However bear in mind that many parents do not like being told that their darling is less than perfect and may will want to shoot the messenger.
I would raise it as a general concern about his development, don't say Aspergers/ASD or any other diagnostic term.
assume you are a nanny so not sure what if any paperwork if any you need to do. as a childminder we do regular assessments on the children as routine so can just highlight areas they are perhaps not reaching targets expected for their age and suggest ways to help. absolutely not up to you to diagnose and I imagine you would cause a lot of upset doing so. sorry I'm not much help sure a nanny will be along soon.
Well I wouldn't raise the subject of apergers at all. I would talk to them about specific concerns regarding his development and let them take the lead on how to handle it. It would be highly inappropriate for you to suggest an actual diagnosis.
What ever you do, don't go to the teacher behind the parents backs. It's likely the teacher is on the case anyway.
I would try and help the child in the specific areas he has difficulties - so if he has sensory difficulties, be understanding, etc.
Put in place strategies which might help him in the home, keeping to routines, preparing well for transitions,
avoiding supporting him with parties if he finds them difficult.
I've always believed if everybody was accommodated for sensitively there would be no need for a diagnosis.
My son has asd by the way, mind you it was always me pushing for referals so I didn't need anyone to point it out as it were!
Lunettes is right you can still focus on meeting his specific needs without a diagnosis.
Please don't say you think he nay have autism - you're not qualified to make am assessment. But please raise your concerns by taking about specific examples where you're able to compare his behaviour to other children you've cared for. I'd tread very gently but they will welcome your input if you can share positive experiences.
Lynette rather
yes, I meant to say you cannot come out and say to the parents "I think your child is autistic." It's not your place to diagnose, it's your place to nurture and care for the child. Bringing up concerns about the child's development with the parents would of course be appropriate.
Sorry , hopeless phone autocorrect
Is your concern social and communications skills delay?
I have an ASD son and the diagnosis for a team of professionals takes time. As others say if you can avoid diagnosis terms.
You have no doubt experience of many children and development at this age but it would be helpful to the parents if you could actually define your concerns and use a few examples.
For example:
Is your charge generally very compliant so long as everything is happening in its usual routine?
Does he choose not to interact with others?
Does he become inconsolable if things don't go his way?
If you can get it down to a few concise examples the parents can choose to discuss with the school or GP or just play the waiting game and see if he naturally develops in these areas.
I had a nursery teacher mention to me that DS may have autism, I was shocked, very angry and in complete disbelief that she would even suggest such a thing. A few years later it was me pushing for a referral with his school and he received his ASD dx last year.
I agree with you though about the early intervention, it is very important. I think you should mention some developmental delays/sensory issues you've noticed instead of going straight for the ASD suggestion.
Hi all. Thank you for your replies.
No, I am not medically qualified. I do however have plenty of personal experience of (specifically) Asperger's as a member of my family has it (albeit very mild). Can I just reiterate that it is my concern for the child motivating me to post and ask advice here?
I never had any intention of bluntly stating to the parents "By the way, I think your child is Autistic/has Asperger's" but IF that is the root cause of his behaviour surely an early diagnosis is best? I am in no way saying 'I have observed him for 3 months and this is my diagnosis', only that I strongly suspect he may be on the spectrum.
I am supporting him as best I can in his day-to-day life and have made huge progress with his anxiety issues. The fact he has responded to the techniques I have been using so well add weight to my suspicions.
Mis - Yes to all the points you mention. Plus, he is incredibly anxious, detests going to parties/being in crowds/noisy places, gets disproportionally upset at even the smallest change to his routine, plays the same games obsessively and I could go on. His speech and language abilities are not delayed and he is light years ahead of his peers academically.
His parents ARE concerned about all these things already, but I don't think autism is even on their radar as it doesn't seem to be discussed as openly here (not in the UK). Hence my dilemma.
I wouldn't say anything at all if I were you.
I think you should sit down and ask to chat about strategies to help him cope in situations he finds difficult, maybe ask how he is coping at school. If they raise their concerns maybe gently ask if they feel it's worth chatting to the GP or school SENCO.
I think the family are lucky to have you as a concerned and capable person looking after their child! As you say, you're right about early diagnosis. If you can, as others have suggested, speak with the parents about the specific issues and how you have managed those, then maybe the conversation will at some point turn the way you need it to. If they say they are also concerned, maybe you could then suggest they may want to raise it with the school to see if it's also a problem there? Then hopefully the teachers will flag up the suggestion of ASD.
Message withdrawn at poster's request.
Thank you Cats, Willow and Scott.
I like that suggestion Scott. I am very lucky in that I have an honest and upfront relationship with both parents, who are absolutely lovely and very approachable. It's because I like them so much that I don't want to hurt them by being tactless, but at the same time want to look after the best interests of their son.
I was thinking of asking for a 3 month review and using the opportunity to express my opinions on the behaviour I find concerning. They might be more open to discussing strategies for dealing with it if we're having a professional meeting rather than a spontaneous discussion after an upsetting day.
I am still up now (it's 3am here), as I can't sleep for worrying about them. His Mummy was on the verge of tears today after his behaviour at a birthday party
I am going to have to be careful not to 'out' myself, but school doesn't start here for another year and as he only attends pre-school sporadically (and is academically super-bright), I don't think his teachers will have picked up on it yet.
Message withdrawn at poster's request.
Ahh I think if mum has been in tears after a birthday party then now is a good time to talk. You sound lovely and I'm sure the parents will be grateful for your support.
Like I said nothing wrong with putting strategies in place even without a diagnosis.
Op, you sound really lovely, and switched on.
As Catchingmockingbirds, the first time someone (DSs teacher) suggested DS my have aspergers, by saying; "maybe something isn't quite right in his brain" I thought she was an idiot - didn't get what she was on about, and though she was suggesting DS had depression. (He certainly wasn't very happy in her class!) With hindsight, I can look back and see what she was really saying.
I don't know what country you are in, and don't know the route for a diagnosis in that country, but even if you had a diagnosis tomorrow, the parents are still going to have to learn through experience what works for this child, and what doesn't. It may be that you are with the child more hours a day than the parents, and are therefor are able to give them tips and advice on what works and what doesn't so they don't have to go through, or can minimise the trauma of such things as "fun" birthday parties and cinema visits.
I first thought DS has sensory issues (as in sensory processing disorder). I would have described him as highly sensitive, except it sounded very precious. It was a few years before I actually got a diagnosis of autism. I think pointing out that you've noticed the child is sensory sensitive, would be the way to go initially.
Yes the whole diagnosis issue before assessment is often the way to jack everyones anxieties sky high plus it can lead people down a path that might not be correct. Also at his young age it doesnt always mean you would do things drastically differently that any other tailored behaviour management plan for a child who is displaying some difficulties with coping.
Honest and open communication is most definately the way forward and as he isnt your child you will be most valued by his parents if you talk about ideas to move things forward. Perhaps talk to them about some joint recorded observations - agree that you both will keep a note book observing difficult situations - what happened; what happened before what happened after. Record really good days as well as tricky ones. As you probably know the whole basis of observation allows you to see if there is a pattern and from there you can focus in on what are some of the triggers for his difficult experiences. It also helps you identitfy what works well in terms of soothing him and keeping him calm. Hes very young still so no one would rush to diagnose but a log is very helpful if down the line it really is getting to be a problem and the professionals would be glad to have it.
I have some experience of this with a charge. Good observations are vital, plus the analysis of them to point out patterns and areas of concern. The country I was in also has very poor awareness of autism in general, specifically of Aspergers because autism = really really really autistic.
A diagnosis is great but as others have said you need coping strategies and they need to be put in place ASAP, and you don't need a diagnosis for that. That's the angle which IMO is most helpful for parents..4 color (black, white, piss, gold) on dark grey paper. 31" x 22". Printed by Wes/Burlesque. Unsure of quantity yet.
Available for sale from Burlesque on November 1st, or at the show on the 31st.
Kindertotenlieder offshot!!!!
pic via Gisele Vienne
by Andrew Welland
Awesome exhibition at the Guggenheim in NY at the moment.
This is editionsMego 084 to be released October 16.
HARVEY MILK
Anthem DVD + 3" CD
Collected from over 17 hours of live footage, "Anthem" is a 3 1/2 hour, 44 song live documentary chronicling this band from their first shows in early 1993 to their recent stint of reunion shows. Shot almost entirely on broadcast quality television cameras (by a guy that worked in the business), "Anthem" is a mandatory release for any fan of the band or any fan of metal, avant-garde or plain old rock and roll.
The package was lovingly designed by Stephen O'Malley (Sunn O))), Khanate), with liner notes by Chunklet publisher Henry Owings and includes a 3" CD of four (yes! four!) unreleased Harvey Milk tracks with initial orders. This edition of "Anthem" will be a one-time pressing of 1,000.
ideologic.org | ©2015A photo of the statue that burned in 2010.
CLAYTON, Ohio - Right now Jesus is in pieces - seven of them - in a small factory just northwest of Dayton, Ohio and about 70 miles from Cincinnati.
But sometime in late September, he'll rise again, looming about 63 feet above Interstate 75 at Solid Rock Church in Monroe.
The Enquirer got its first glimpse of the statue under construction Thursday at Display Dynamics Inc. ...- Nationals Home
- During the Meet
- Pre-Meet Info
- Local Information
2014 Nationwide Spring National Championship
Santa Clara, California
May 1-4, 2014
U.S. Masters Swimming is pleased to return to Santa Clara for its 2014 Spring National Championships. Santa Clara has hosted several successful USMS national championships in the past, and many national records have been set at the Santa Clara Swim Club's pool.
Real Time Results and Live Video Streaming
The following resources are available for participants, friends and family during the competition:
- Live video streaming
- Real time results
- Daily results by age group (updated nightly)
- Event check-in (swimmers must check in for all events 400 Y or longer, plus the 200 free and 200 IM)
- Heat and psych sheets
- Download Meet Mobile app for heats and events via iTunes or Google Play
Event Check-in Open
Swimmers must positively check in for all events 400 yards or longer plus the 200 free and 200 IM. The online event check-in tools are available for swimmers and coaches to use now.
Meet Entries
There are 2,250 swimmers entered in the meet. Psych sheets for all events are available for review along with a team roster and swimmer lookup function. Heat sheets are also available for all pre-seeded events. Note that the 200 free and 200 IM on Sunday, as well as all events 400 yards and longer throughout the meet, are deck-seeded events where the swimmer must check in for these events before the deadline.
Estimated Timeline
An estimated timeline is available for the meet. This timeline!
Meet Program
The full meet program is availalble as a PDF download (11.8 MB). All swimmers entered in the meet will receive a hard copy of the program when they check in at the registration desk at the meet.
Sixth Event Decision
The championship committee has decided NOT to drop the sixth event for swimmers who entered six events, so those swimmers will be able to swim all six of their entered events.
Order of Events and Qualifying Times
The order of events and national qualifying times are available for the meet now. All swimmers may enter up to three individual events without meeting the qualifying time. Swimmers may enter a total of up to six events if they meet the qualifying time for their fourth through sixth events.
The complete meet information will be included in the January/February issue of SWIMMER magazine and will be posted here on the website soon. Online entries will be offered here by February 1 at the latest.
Hotels
The list of hotels with special rates for the meet is available here. Please book your hotel by March 31, 2014 to endure the best rate and availability.
Officials and On-Deck Coaches Wanted
An application to officiate at the meet is available for qualified officials. Please submit your application by February 15 for assigned officials and by May 1 for all others. There is a sign-up sheet for on-deck coaches and more information about the on-deck coaching program here.Move to new West Oso high school campus set for May
CORPUS CHRISTI - West Oso High School students and staff can expect a glimpse of a new campus before they're out for summer, even if only for a matter of weeks.
District administrators expect to move the current campus' 575 occupants into its new campus in the first days of May, Superintendent Crawford Helms said Tuesday, adding planned renovations at the current high school demand that everything be moved out of there by the end of the school year.
"It's an unusual thing," Helm said of the timeline. "But we're looking at a remodeling job at the high school. We have to have everyone out of there so the contractors can come in and do their thing."
The last day of school for the district is May 29. The new $18.6 million, 130,000-square-foot facility will have more classroom space than the current high school and more computers and will introduce security cameras to the high school. Voters approved a bond to build the new high school in 2004.
The new facility will make room for the growing student population, Helms said, adding that in five years the high school's population has grown by between 200 and 250 students. Currently, the school has 500 students and 75 staff members.
"I think this will be a pleasant learning environment, with the presence of current-day technology to assist teachers," Helms said.
The move will come after students have finished taking spring Texas Assessment of Knowledge and Skills tests, he said. English department chairwoman Nora Noyola, who has taught 33 years with the district, said the move will be a welcome change, as well as a tough one.
"I think it will be a little stressful, but it will be a good move, especially since it will come after TAKS," Noyola said.
The change is one of many the district will see. Trustees last month approved the call for a $13.5 million bond election in May for funds to build a new elementary school.
The current high school campus, once renovated, will serve as the junior high school, Helms said. Officials have discussed the possibility of designating the current junior high campus as a future site for a new elementary school.
Helms said new facilities in the district's future would receive the same attention to security as the new high school campus. West Oso High School Interim Principal Steve Lackey said the introduction of security cameras will assist the campus in several ways. The campus will be outfitted with 70 cameras.
"It's going to expedite discipline issues we encounter," he said, adding that video surveillance will allow officials to monitor students, as well as review incidents captured by cameras.
"Sometimes we can spend hours talking to people (involved in incidents)," he said.
Helms said administrators are in the planning stages of organizing an open house and other public events before the move in early May.
"It's certainly going to be a challenge," Lackey said. "But I think it's going to be one people are excited about."
Need Help? Call us at 1-800-566-8098.
Monday-Friday: 5am-8pm / Saturday: 7am-12pm / Sunday: 6am-1pmProduct Information
- Disney Planes: Fire & Rescue Talking Avalanche and Blackout from The Disney Store
- Part of the Disney Planes brand
- We recommend this product for ages 3 and up
4 AAA batteries required TTPM Is Always On With
What It Is
Avalanche and Blackout, two characters from the movie Planes: Fire & Rescue, come to life as talking vehicles with the Disney Planes: Fire & Rescue Talking Avalanche and Blackout. Press both vehicles' caps to hear different phrases. Avalanche says nine phrases, while Blackout says 12. Kids can also press the button on Blackout's side to activate the spinning circular saw, while Avalanche's frontloader shovel moves up and down when kids press the button on the back of that vehicle. Rolling wheels and treads activate vehicle sound effects, and both vehicles feature light-up LED headlights.
Is It Fun?
These talking vehicles bring the characters to life and add to kids' imaginative play as they recreate scenes from the movie or imagine all-new rescue missions.
Who It’s For
Talking Avalanche and Blackout is for Planes: Fire & Rescue fans ages 3 and up.
What To Be Aware Of
Four AAA batteries are included (two for each vehicle), but these power the in-store try-me features. It's recommended that you replace them before you play for best results.
While Blackout's wheels roll easily, Avalanche's treads do not. We could only get them to move by moving them by hand.
This vehicle set is available exclusively at Disney Store.
Jurassic World Rescue Truck
from Jada Toys
$14.95
Tonka Mighty Dump Truck
from Maxim Enterprise, Inc.
$14.00
GeoSafari Jr Science Utility Vehicle
from Educational Insights
$17.70
Disney Planes Fire & Rescue Story Sets Smokejumper Training Base
from Mattel
$8.96
Max Tow Truck Mini Haulers
from Jakks Pacific
$7.99
First Builders Fisher-Price Firetruck Freddy
from MEGA Bloks
$12.99
First Builders Mike the Mixer
from MEGA Bloks
$19.79
First Builders Fisher-Price Zippy Zach
from MEGA Bloks
$11.99
My First Tonka Flashlight Force
from Funrise
$24.99
My First Tonka Mini Wobble Wheels
from Funrise
$4.99
What do you think about Disney Planes: Fire & Rescue Talking Avalanche and Blackout from The Disney Store?Sport and Exercise Science, Ph.D.
Sport Pedagogy Emphasis
Students who successfully complete this emphasis will have varied career opportunities including teaching and research positions in colleges and universities throughout the United States. Graduates often seek and obtain positions in colleges and universities that value and promote physical activity and physical education. They conduct research and teach in physical education teacher education, assessment, curriculum, and teaching and learning. Students will have the opportunity to gain practical experience in pedagogy and preparing undergraduates to teach physical education. They will also have opportunities to participate in ongoing research efforts within the School of SES . Sport Pedagogy has a well-equipped research laboratory for the study of teaching and various forms of graduate experiences are available in this area. For specific information on the requirements for this degree please see catalog course requirements.
Sport Pedagogy Faculty
Admission Information_11<<
_13<<
_15<<_16<<
The.
Happy Christmas: the Light Has Come!
A…!
Goosebumps in a department store: the conquest of a materialist temple
A:
Is this heaven? No. It’s Iowa… or actually, any church near you…
Last childhood…
The First Easter Dawn
Am a very excited geek today as I’ve just discovered how to embed a Scribd document in WordPress. You can even click on the page numbers in the table of contents to get to relevant bits. Groovy. So here it is… the transcripts from the 3 Resurrection talks from this month. But now they are all in one downloadable document.With 1.7 million freelancers, we'll match you with the perfect talent.
or, Register with Elance »
I am a self-starter professional developer with strong technical background and accumulated experience of 14+ years. I possess self-discipline and the ability to work with the minimum of supervision.
I have developed a series of programs like Phone banking IVR system, Data collector software using IButton devices, TeleShop software + hardware ,Cyber coffee accounting program (server/client) and others
Able to play a key role throughout the software development and support life cycle of a project, to ensure that quality solutions...Fixed Dual Monitor Arm, Clamp Base:
-Abstract
The development of a laser-induced fluorescence detection scheme for probing combustion-relevant species using a high-repetition-rate ultrafast laser is described. A femtosecond laser system with a repetition rate is used to induce fluorescence, following two-photon excitation (TPE), from hydroxyl (OH) radicals that are present in premixed laminar flames. The experimental TPE and one-photon fluorescence spectra resulting from broadband excitation into the band of the OH system are compared to simulated spectra. Additionally, the effects of non-transform-limited femtosecond pulses on TPE efficiency is investigated.
© 2011 Optical Society of AmericaFull Article | PDF ArticleTop Definition
The Saucy (pronounced "sauc-ay") refers to an urban dance that is usually pulled off by a female that is extremely intoxicated. In an effort to mask her throwing up on the dance floor and subsequently being thrown out of the club she works the vomit into the dance routine.
"Jocelyn, I love your dancing, was that "the saucy" you did out there?"
by Gibbles1983 May 04, 2009333T High Glossy Black 23" 8ms Full HD WideScreen LCD Monitor 300 cd/m2 DCR 50,000:1 (CR 4,000:1)
Pros: Beautiful display, plug and play, what more can you ask for?
The color is brilliant and allows for some surely decent framerate.
Cons: The base doesn't adjust. It doesn't matter if you have a normal chair and can view it properly but some people might prefer a base that can go up and down or side to sisde. But that's relatively minor.
Other Thoughts: The only other thing is that the base was a bit tricky to install at first. I couldn't figure out how it was supposed to snap into place and the instruction manual looked like it was put together by a fifth grader. But some finagling eventually allowed me to persevere! :DREAD FULL REVIEW
This review is from: XFX PVT86SYANG GeForce 8400 GS 512MB 64-Bit GDDR2 PCI Express x16 HDCP Ready Video Card
Pros: Works well, doesn't make a lot of noise, no overheating. Much better performance than my old 7 series card. Also easy to install, doesn't cause a lot of problems at all.
Cons: Not quite as powerful as I thought it would be. It is great, but I am still not experiencing the FPS that I thought i'd get with it, oh well, I guess it was a very good deal for what it does and that is all that counts. However; if you are seriously looking to run Next-Gen games. . . do yourself a favor and get something more powerful.READ FULL REVIEW
Display Name: Anonymous
Date Joined: 06/20/09
Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated.101domain offers a simple and worry-free process to use an impressive number of reliable trustee services for domain registrations in over 58 countries and regions.
Many country-based registries do not assign domain names the same way, and may require a "local presence" or "proxy service". This means registration could require a company to be located in the particular country, or may require an administrative contact with a physical address in that particular country. The 101domain Trustee Service is all-inclusive and provides the flexibility needed to register domains in any country of the world.
101domain can provide a local contact for many of the countries that include this type of requirement and can also help with the registration. Since 1999, 101domain has continually grown and expanded not only it's own local presence worldwide, but also its network of trustees, and now has a substantial list of reliable and trusted partners including IP firms and other legal professionals in many countries.How It Works
Choose a domain name. If the domain requires a local presence in that country, you will have the option to order Trustee Service for that country. 101domain has contracted with local companies/trustees worldwide to make this process easy and affordable. During this process, you may be asked to sign a contract defining the right of ownership to the domain name as well as the rights and liabilities between the trustor (you) and the trustee.
Sometimes, a registration may simply require a local administrative contact and you/your company will still be the owner of the domain name, requiring no contracts, making it easy to maintain registrations for you or your company in every country of the world.Coverage
101domain's trustee service is currently offered for the following top-level domain names:
Do you need to register a domain name in a country that requires a local contact and is not on this list? Questions? Please Contact Us or call us at: 877.983.6624 (International: +1.760.444.8674).Disclaimer
If you have purchased Trustee Service, 101domain, Inc. makes an effort to provide the very best and secure Trustee service available, however you agree that Trustee Service is at your own risk and you will not hold 101domain, Inc. liable for the following:Crows Nest, Toowoomba Area
Wander out to Koonin lookout in Crows Nest National Park for a bird's-eye view over Crows Nest Creek, the Valley of Diamonds and distant rolling hills. Look along the way for intricate lichen patterns on rocks, spring-time wildflowers and ant trails in trees.
Be sure to take stop off at Crows Nest Falls lookout along the way to see Crows Nest Creek plunge 20 metres over granite cliffs to waterhole below. Or take the Kauyoo Loop (an additional 600 metres) to visit Kauyoo Pool and the Casc).Posted on
Thursday, August 30, 2012
Paul Kidder, associate professor of philosophy, wrote an op-ed critiquing Ayn Rand's philosophy, which was published in Crosscut.
Posted on
Friday, August 24, 2012
Posted on
Monday, August 20, 2012
Phil on
Wednesday, August 15, 2012
KOMO News aired a story about an innovative program at Monroe Correctional Complex that involves graduate students in SU's criminal justice program. Click here to check it out.
Posted on
Friday, August 03, 2012
True to form, the Seattle University community responded heartily to the latest campus blood drive, on Aug. 1. Here's a message from Krista Fink of the Puget Sound Blood Center:
"I just wanted to say thanks for your help with a successful summer blood drive! Yesterday's drive registered 28 donors on a goal of 25- quite unusual for a summer drive on a college campus. But, Seattle U has rallied to success in the toughest of times before so it's just a testament to your strength as a valuable donor group."
Posted on
Thursday, August 02, 2012
President on
Wednesday, August 01, 2012
Seattle University (add vcard to contacts)Latest question:
How do you think the new GigE standards will influence the machine vision industry?
Respond or ask your question now!
2006 MAR 19 - (NewsRx.com) -- Planar Systems, Inc. (PLNR) announced that it has received U.S. Food & Drug Administration (FDA) 510(k) clearance for its Dome E4c, the first 4-megapixel color display medically certified for the viewing of diagnostic images.
The Dome E4c is available now through Planar's reseller partners and OEMs.
Part of Planar's recently introduced Dome.
Unlike commercially available displays, the Dome E4c has been tested and certified to ensure it meets the standards for diagnostic imaging and medical devices. A critical difference is that standard commercial displays contain a palette of only 256 shades of gray, compared to the Dome E4c, with a palette of 1786 shades of gray, providing the best image representation available on a color display.
The Dome E4c is now shipping complete with Dome CXtra software, which monitors, controls and adjusts Dicom calibration of Dome displays to the users' desired luminance across all gray levels. This display is also compatible with Dome Dashboard software, a console application which enables PACS administrators and information technology managers to centrally manage, control and report on their entire line of Dome medical imaging displays.Wholesale Drop Shipping of
Boutique Baby
and
Children's Wholesale Clothing & Gift Products
Welcome To
Wholesale Kid
Newborn Baby Clothing
Infant Baby Clothing
Boys
Formal Wear
Personalized Clothing
Personalized Gifts
Bulk Bargains
Manufacturers
Announcements
Size Charts
Discontinued Listing
Shipping Rates
Wholesale Resources
Drop
Shipping Info
1.. The only exception to this law is if you are selling used
goods.
2..
3. Wholesale companies require a sales
tax certificate . Legitimate wholesale companies will ask for a copy of
your resale certificate before they will sell to you at wholesale
prices. Besides wholesale companies, in most states you need it to open
a commercial checking account. Every wholesale trade show and
merchandise mart requires a copy before letting you in.
If your state does not charge sales
tax, (Oregon and Idaho for example) then it will probably issue some
type of Business License that will serve the same purpose for wholesale
companies.
Getting a sales tax number is very
easy, you just need to contact your State Dept of Revenue and inquire.
WholesaleKid.com sells only business to
business for the purpose of resale - thus we are required by law to have
Sales Tax ID on file for all of our wholesale customers.
Wholesale Newborn Baby
Clothing
-
Wholesale Baby Clothing
-
Wholesale Toddler Clothing
-
Wholesale Children's
Clothing
Wholesale Resources
-
Shop by Manufacturers
-
Wholesale Kid, LLC
- Toll Free 1.888.635.4786
Website Design and Miva Hosting by
PCS,
Phillipsburg, KSTennyson Street First Friday might be the best food-related way to spend your Friday night
Plans tonight? If not, and you happen to be looking for a kick-ass way to get your food and drink on that's a little out of the ordinary, head over to Tennyson Street and partake in some First Friday activities.
A scaled-down version of the busy Santa Fe First Friday scene, the Tennyson street galleries open to the public for viewing, and the nearby restaurants get in on the fun, too.
Hops and Pie, for instance, taps a firkin, a small cask one-off beer, for the occasion each month; tonight, the pizzeria will be featuring Biere de Garde from Left Hand Brewing Company. Start there, peruse a little art, grab a doughnut and another beer at The Hole and maybe cap off your cultural activities with a glass of wine at Tastes Wine Bar & Bistro or a Liks ice cream cone from the Bookery Nook.
The neighborhood could use your support, too. Thanks to a hellish construction project that has made vehicle access to the street between 38th and 44th Avenues difficult, the restaurants and businesses in the neighborhood have taken a hit during what should be the busiest dining season of the year -- and there are months of street repairs to go.
So park a couple of blocks away and walk in -- because the combo of art, beer, food and live music will be worth it.
Get the Dining Newsletter
The week's top local food news and events, plus interviews with chefs and restaurant owners, dining tips, and a peek at our print review.
Sponsor ContentMexican Chicken Chili
Ingredients
1/2 pound roasted chicken breast skin removed
2 teaspoons white vinegar
1 teaspoon canola oil
3/4 cup rinsed and drained canned red kidney beans
1/2 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon ground cumin
salt and fresh ground black pepper
1/4 cup reduced-fat sour cream
Preparation
1
Some like it hot, some not, but everyone loves chili. This cinnamon-spiked chili is perfect for two or a crowd. It's mildly hot. The meal takes only minutes to make, using pre-cooked chicken pieces and canned red beans. Serve it with this easy tortilla salad: Toss together 1/2 cup corn kernels (thawed if frozen), 4 cups shredded iceberg lettuce and 1 1/2 tablespoons low-fat vinaigrette. Sprinkle with 2 cups (2 ounce) reduced-fat tortilla chips.
2
3
Heat oil in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Saute onions and garlic 1 to 2 minutes; they should not brown. Add the kidney beans, tomatoes, chili powder and cumin. Break up the tomatoes with a spoon. Lower heat to medium, and simmer 15 minutes. Add the chicken, and simmer 5 more minutes. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add more chili powder or cumin as needed. Serve sour cream, cilantro and cheese alongside the chili.
Tools
Yield:
2.0 servings
Added:
Friday, December 11, 2009 - 12:38amPolitics.
Pa Kettle, a Soulful Bloodhound, Is Now Mayor of Divide, Colorado
Residents elected a dog for mayor, unseating the current mayor, a cat. What's going on here?
Will Boulder, Colorado, Start Testing Dog Poop DNA?
A city leader wants to follow Ipswich, Massachusetts, in considering DNA testing as a way to catch and stop dog-poop scofflaws.
A Dog for Mayor? Why Not? DOGTV Stages Nationwide Vote
Elections end today so cast your vote (or just look at the cute pictures and funny campaign slogans)..
A Girl Takes a Tumble and Gets a Kiss from a White House Dog
Ashtyn Gardner was visiting with other military families when Sunny knocked her over -- but dog and child recovered quickly..
Furor Over Service Dog’s Treatment in a Diner Brings People Together
The man who kicked out the dog and his owner apologizes and helps raise awareness about PTSD.
Bring Drugs or Guns to School? Say Hi to the Dog Squad
Schools in California and Ohio use dogs to sniff out weapons and controlled substances.
Obama Comes Clean on Why He Got His New Dog, Sunny
CNN's Chris Cuomo grills the president on Sunny after some lighthearted banter on world affairs.
Score! The White House Takes a Stand Against Breed Specific Legislation
The news provides ammunition for those seeking to remove BSL in their own cities and towns.
It’s About Time: Activists in China Protest a Dog-Meat Festival
Alas, the annual event still took place Friday, but negative reaction suggests it will end soon.
I Think Your Dog Might Be a Feminist
Bear with me. It's not as big a stretch as it might seem.
The American Kennel Club Goes on Attack Mode
After a New York Times article links the group to bad breeders, the club fires back.
Is Charlie the AmStaff a Victim of One Agency’s War on Dogs?
The Golden Gate National Recreation Area seems to have it out for canines and their owners.
California Law Bans Using Dogs to Hunt Bears and Bobcats
Advocates say the hunting dogs are put at risk.
May We Also Recommend
Our Most-Commented StoriesIn any marriage there tend to be repeated rows. Routes, children’s bedtime, lunch versus supper, whether toothpaste needs a top, are all harmless topics, but they can get heated. One of our regulars is the kitchen garden. This has always been a bit off-limits for me, as the rest of the garden is where I can do what I want and it seems only fair that my other half chooses what happens in the veg zone. In the past we have bickered over the best broad bean (I prefer 'Stereo’ to 'Aquadulce’), and frequently about how much room can be spared for the flowers and fruit I want to grow.
Last year I introduced some more modern crops in the flower patch. Kai lan, the Chinese broccoli, was not a success. I have rarely eaten a more disgusting vegetable. The nine star broccoli that I also planted has yet to produce a single head, but that may be because it needs netting – the pigeons clearly like it. These experiments have rather damaged any credibility I might have had for further pioneering.
The current debate is about the hen run which occupies a quarter of the kitchen garden. (Hens were a major source of argument as I liked them freely ranging, which involved much netting of crops and swearing.) Last summer, for the third year in succession, the fox hopped over the church wall and over a two-metre wire fence in broad daylight, removing five lovely birds and leaving nothing more than a few feathers. I really miss the hens and their eggs but I cannot face losing them again and I don’t want to keep them penned in all day. Their inner run – also wired – releases more growing space for productive crops. This spot seems to me ideal for trying the raised bed method. Unlike some of my less provable assertions, this was one I thought I could easily win.
The best argument for raised beds is no digging. This means no bad backs and no noisy Mantis tiller which is veg man’s preferred tool. He, being a bit deaf, does not suffer noise as much as I do. And, like all men, he likes a machine more than most women. He says if he uses the tiller his back is fine. He also says that the spreading of the annual layer of compost, which raised beds need, would be just as bad for his back as digging.
I have failed to point out that his regular wheeling of manure from the corner of the field where the local farmer dumps it is a much heavier task. Even in the mechanised barrow with a far higher decibel count than the tiller. And that manure is full of weed seed and worse.
The second argument for raised beds is no weeds and no weeding. It makes complete sense to me that if you turn the soil over, the buried weed seeds – generations of the things – will be brought to the surface every year. And that if you use well-rotted compost rather than manure there will be virtually no weeds and certainly no perennial nasties. But veg man says he likes hoeing the weeds. It is a gentle operation which allows him to keep an eye on his crops, and anyway he does not believe the weed seeds theory, because he will not read the great Charles Dowding on the matter. Nor will he read any modern manual or article on the growing of food, as he has been doing it for so many years now and his methods work perfectly well, so it would be foolish to change.
The third argument for raised beds is that the soil structure is actually damaged by digging. How can I prove it? Answer, I can’t, unless he will read and accept the proof offered by Dowding. My fourth argument is that it will be easier as we get older to have raised beds (and we are already quite old enough). He counters with the fact that he will continue to grow as he has always done and then he will stop.
Comment has also been made on my flower beds. Are these to be raised as I age? This is an argument I seem to be losing.
Helen Yemm
Francine Raymond
Bunny Guinness
Tim Richardson
Mary Keen
Val Bourne
Stephen LaceyChicken Brown Rice Recipes4 recipes to browse.
by
Chicken And Cheese Rice Surprisechickencheapquickeasyyummycheeseyricebroccoli
- 2 comments
- 10 bookmarks
by
Chicken Broccoli And Rice Casserolechickenbroccoliricecheesecheapeasykidfavoritecreamyc
- 2 comments
- 6 bookmarks
Orange Beef And Broccoli With Brown Riceeasyinexpensiveuniquetastyzestyquickrefreshingfilling
- 3 comments
- 3 bookmarks
by
Chicken Broccoli And Ricecheapchickenmealthatfeedsacrowdcomfortfoodvelveeta
- 3 comments
- 5 bookmarks
Narrow your search
Use the filters in this column to find the perfect recipe.
Ingredient Filters
meats
- chicken 2
- boneless sirloin steaks 1
- canned chicken 1
- cooked chicken 1
- cooked chicken breasts 1
- whole chickens 1
- View More ↓
- cream of chicken soup 2
- rice 2
- mushroom soup 1
- colby 1
- juice 1
- beef broth 1
- brown rice 1
- cream of mushroom soup 1
- instant rice 1
- View More ↓Polling places in the Taunton area seemed spacious on Tuesday, and the campaigners often picketing nearby were nowhere to be seen as voters slowly trickled in to make their choice in the special primary election held to fill the U.S. Senate recently vacated by newly appointed Secretary of State John Kerry.
Marc Larocque
mlarocque@tauntongazette.com
TAUNTON — Polling places in the Taunton area seemed spacious, and the campaigners typically seen picketing nearby were gone as voters slowly trickled in to make their choice in the Massachusetts special primary election on Tuesday.
“There is not much going on here,” said Tony Freitas, voting at the Elizabeth Pole Elementary School around 5 p.m. “It seems very slow.”
In Taunton, a total of 3,818 of 32,589 registered voters — or 11.7 percent — participated in the primary on Tuesday, according to the City Clerk’s Office. That can be compared with the nearly 4,500, or 13.6 percent, of registered Taunton voters who cast a ballot in the 2009 primary as part of the special statewide election to replace Democratic U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy.
There were 2,778 Taunton voters who cast a Democratic ballot on Tuesday, while 1,040 voted on the Republican ballot.
Those who voted on the Democrat ballot in Taunton overwhelmingly supported Stephen Lynch, with 59.4 percent (1,649), giving the South Boston Congressman the city’s left-leaning approval. Lynch’s colleague on Capitol Hill, Malden’s Edward Markey, who was ultimately declared winner of the statewide Democratic primary, received 40.5 percent of the city’s total 2,778 Democrat ballots cast in Taunton.
On the Republican end, former U.S. Attorney Michael Sullivan carried Taunton’s conservative vote with 47.4 percent, or 493. Gabriel Gomez, a businessman and former Navy SEAL, followed with 441 Taunton votes in the Republican primary. While losing in Taunton, Gomez also won overall in the primary.
Connie Schmidt, of Taunton, said that a lack of Republican appeal to voters is part of the low turnout.
“I don’t think there is as many interested in the Republican Party in Massachusetts,” Schmidt said.
The Taunton woman also attributed the low turnout to the recent Boston Marathon bombing, which understandably took the public focus off of the Senate campaign.
“I do understand several campaigns were halted after the bombing,” she said.
Across the city at a nearly desolate Our Lady of the Holy Rosary Parish on Bay Street, coming from a different political perspective, Terri Corliss said she was voting for new leadership.
“I was anxious to get here,” said Corliss, leaving the church after she cast her ballot. “I think we need some changes in Congress. It’s a good day.”
For experienced poll worker Norma Barbour, stationed at the Pole School, turnout was definitely low from her perspective.
“It’s been slow all day,” Barbour said around 5 p.m. “Since the morning it’s been slow. The most voters we had at a time was maybe 5. I don’t think the interest is there. I don’t know why. It’s been very quiet.”
Another voter at the Bay Street church, 85-year-old John Murphy, said that the lack of hype behind the election wasn’t going to stop him. Murphy said he has voted at every opportunity in his life.
Page 2 of 2 - “I think there are differences between the candidate, and one is more beneficial than the others,” said Murphy, describing the Democrats. “It’s important to vote. I’ve voted in every election.”
Antonio Costa, 30, of Taunton, said that this primary was not like when Republican Scott Brown and Democrat Martha Coakley ran in the primary as part of the special election to fill the seat of Ted Kennedy after he died in 2009. Costa said that during that election, the health care debate was fueling interest among voters.
“There’s not a hot topic drawing everyone this time,” Costa said.
At the Raynham Middle School there was no one stationed nearby holdings signs supporting a particular candidate, and there were no lines for voters in the late afternoon and early evening.
“There’s not many people here,” said Ted Sargent, of Raynham. “It’s not too exciting.”
Contact Marc Larocque at mlarocque@tauntongazette.com
address
Location, ST | website.comCity Diversion Panels
In July of 2002, the Clackamas County Juvenile Department officially began the City Diversion Panels. Several forces came together which led to their creation. One important development coming forward was a funding source. A State Juvenile Crime Prevention initiative was implemented and as a result, each participating County received State money to prevent juvenile crime. Secondly, research had recently been released which indicated “low risk” offenders should be held accountable for their behavior but the consequence should be quick, appropriate and not excessive. Thirdly, some cities felt more could be done to hold juvenile offenders accountable and were asking for an opportunity to work with juvenile offenders who live in their communities. Lastly, the Juvenile Department knew that 80% of juvenile crime is committed by 8% of the offenders. The Juvenile Department was anxious to identify these “High Risk” offenders and focus the bulk of its attention on having a serious impact on juvenile crime. Hence, the creation of the City Diversion Panels allowed the Cities to be involved with its low risk offenders; they allowed more juveniles to be held accountable and they provided an opportunity for the Juvenile Department to focus its attention on “High Risk” juvenile offenders.
In July of 2002, Canby, Gladstone, Lake Oswego, Milwaukie, Molalla, Oregon City, Sandy, West Linn and Wilsonville began their City Diversion Panels. Estacada came on board in January of 2003. In January 2008, Happy Valley developed their City Diversion Panel; they also serve Clackamas youth. In early 2009 a Hispanic Diversion Panel was establishment in Milwaukie and Canby to better serve monolingual famlies in Clackamas County.
The “Low Risk” youth referred to Diversion Panels are typically first time offenders who were involved in offenses like curfew, runaway, possession of alcohol, criminal mischief or theft.
Today each city has a Diversion Panel Coordinator who coordinates panel activities. The county Office for Children and Families manages each city’s contract and the Juvenile Department has a liaison position to facilitate meetings and training. Youth face a panel of volunteer community members who decide upon an appropriate consequence. On average, each City Diversion Panel serves 100 youth each year, totaling about 1,000 youth annually.
Share this pageTilda Swinton climbed into a glass box at NYC’s Museum of Modern Art Saturday and went to sleep — a bit of performance art entitled “The Maybe,” which quickly drew a crowd. MoMA officials told AP the Oscar winner will repeat the act about a half dozen times through the year but with no pre-announced schedule. (See photos of Swinton’s glass-box act, crowd reaction, at Gothamist)
Is this art? Or maybe we should ask: Is this still art? It seemed edgy when Swinton first performed the piece in 1995, telling the Guardian that it was her exploration of “stillness and human faces that are absolutely expressionless.” (The critics were mixed, according to the Independent, ranging from the Sunday Telegraph’s assessment of “a highly entertaining reflection on the nature of dreams and dreaming and the way we project our thoughts onto objects” to the Evening Standard’s “feeble and utterly self-indulgent.”) Since then, though, the person-in-box thing has been kind of done, hasn’t it? L.A.’s Standard Hotel employs models to lounge in a glass box in its lobby; in 2003, stunt-magician David Blaine spent 44 days in glass box suspended over London. But if anyone can make it fresh, it’s Swinton. If only we knew when she would show up.
Updated, Monday 4 p.m.: Oh good! Apparently someone is keeping track of this, at the IsTildaSwintonSleepingInaBox site — and indeed, she was sleeping on display again Monday. People.com reports that Sarah Jessica Parker went to see her, leading to the specter of everyone gawking at Sarah Jessica Parker gawking at Tilda Swinton sleeping.
More Reliable Source: Washington Club; ‘Bad Parents’; Oscar de la Renta; Michelle Obama; Chris Hemsworth; Lil Wayne; Wendy Rieger Write Review Add to my lists Book OnlineThis year, the noctilucent cloud season has been especially eventful, and this new timelapse from Swedish astrophotographer Göran Strand shows these “night-shining” clouds covering the entire sky over the course of 2 hours.
“On the 27th of July 2014 I saw some of the most beautiful Noctilucent Clouds I’ve ever seen,” Göran said via email. “They emerged shortly after sunset and after a while they covered the entire sky.”
In the movie you can see an all-sky timelapse view that shows how these clouds changed during the evening.
See some gorgeous still photos from that night, below:
Noctilucent clouds are wispy, glowing tendrils of high-altitude ice crystals that shine long after the Sun has set. They appear in upper latitudes only and form about 83 km (51 miles) up in the atmosphere. The icy clouds are illuminated by the Sun when it is just below the horizon, giving the clouds their “night-shining” properties.
Also called polar mesospheric clouds, these are the highest cloud formations in the atmosphere. They’ve been associated with rocket launches and space shuttle re-entries, and another theory is that they might also be associated with meteor activity.
See more of Goran’s work at his website, or follow him on Twitter and Facebook.
Twitter:Adarsh Society Scam- Things that we should know
- NAPM exposed the Adarsh Society Scam in the year 2008 by filing complaints with the Defence, Environment & State Government.
- On the basis of NAPM’s complaint Defence initiated action and Dept of Environment issued show cause notice to Adarsh Society.
- The nexus of Politicians-Bureaucrats operating to grab every chunk of land exposed.
The recent Adarsh Co-operative Housing Society scam which has exposed the corrupt nexus amongst the politicians and the bureaucrats in order to grab land in Mumbai was exposed by National Alliance of People’s Movements availing the information exercising Right to Information(RTI) and had filed a complaint on date 27 August 2008 with the Department of Defence, Government of Maharashtra, Department of Environment, BMC & MMRDA under the leader ship of social activist Medha Patkar and guidance of Ex-IPS officer Adv. YP Singh. Acting upon the complaint, the Ministry of Defence has initiated the enquiry and ordered investigation. The Department of Environment, Maharashtra had served a show cause notice to the Adarsh Co-operative Society.
The land scam is related to allotment of Land at Colaba that was in possession of the Army and after the Kargil War, few army personnel started demanding the land for the building of flats to “accommodate and reward the hero’s of Kargil operation and those who had laid down their lives for the protection of the motherland”. The initial list of society members comprised of 40 members and included all the defence personnel. Presently the list stands at 103 out of which only 37 members belong to army and that too only 3 members are related to Kargil war. Few of the Bureaucrats & politicians who have fraudulently sneaked themselves or their relatives into the list if members and today own flats are:
The following concessions were given in lieu:
- The reservation of the plot modified from Transit Camp & a Parade Ground to Residential Zone.
- A road of width 60 meters reduced to 19 meters.
- FSI of the adjoining Bus Depot given to the Adarsh Society.
- 15 % of the area allowed to used for commercial purpose rather than residential.
- The income ceiling of Rs 12,500 per month waived off for army personnel and politicians
- Construction started without obtaining environmental clearance.
- Occupation Certificate awarded even before the building was fully ready.
All these relaxations and concessions were given as it was mentioned every time that the building was for the war widows are for the army personnel who served the mother land, but the fact remains that out of the total of 103 members only 3 are Kargil soldiers, thus the land was taken in the name of the martyrs and used for personnel benefit of the bureaucrats and politicians.
NAPM has exposed the scam to prove and to challenge the corrupt nexus of the builders-politicians-bureaucrats who order the demolition of the houses of the poor slum dwellers saying that they are illegal and are encroachers while they themselves encroach over land meant for the widows. This is deplorable and shocking.
The politicians and the bureaucrats whose names have been disclosed have no moral right in continuing with the offices they hold and also demand that criminal cases be file against all those involved in the scam for cheating and engaging in corrupt practices.
Santosh Daonkar Simpreet Singh
For related documents kindly contact: 8976252804
National Alliance of People’s Movements (NAPM) is an alliance of a large number of people’s organizations and movements in India. People’s rights over natural resources, appropriate decentralized democratic development, towards a just, sustainable and egalitarian society, with true internationalism is what we assert. Our ideology is against corporate globalization, communalism and religious fundamentalism, casteism, untouchability and discrimination of all kinds, which are some of non-negotiable tenets of NAPM.
CAMPAIGN AGAINST CWG CORRUPTION – LETTER TO PRIME MINISTER
YOUTH FOR JUSTICE –
Dear Dr Manmohan Singh,
The scale and arrogance of corruption in Commonwealth Games is shocking. Unfortunately, government’s reaction to it is even more shocking. Before the games, you and Mrs Gandhi made strong statements that no one will be spared. But what is going on in the name of enquiries and investigations is hardly encouraging – in fact, it is a mere eyewash!
Before coming to the irrelevance of the Shunglu committee appointed by you recently, let us first look at the state of enquiries which are underway at the moment:
- Central Vigilance Commission: The CVC is looking into just about 18 contracts or so, as against thousands of contracts and much bigger ones that have not been touched so far.
- Central Bureau of Investigation: CBI is also believed to be looking only at a handful of contracts relating to Queen’s Baton controversy. With the range of politicians facing allegations, CBI can be least entrusted to do an honest investigation, as it is directly under the government and takes its orders from the same set of politicians.
- Enforcement Directorate: ED is looking into only foreign exchange related matters like controversies surrounding Queen’s baton etc.
- Comptroller and Auditor General of India: One is not sure of the ambit of CAG’s enquiries but both CAG and CVC do not have the jurisdiction and powers to peep into the role of politicians.
So, effectively politicians are out of all ongoing enquiries and it is believed that most of the money has finally landed with the politicians.
So, you decided to set up the Shunglu committee. But the prescription seems to be worse than the disease. Shunglu committee neither has powers nor jurisdiction to conduct the most basic enquiries. Forget politicians, it does not even have the powers to call for records from an ordinary clerk. Suppose it calls for records from a particular department and that department refuses to comply. What powers does Shunglu committee have to enforce its directions? Does it have powers to summon officers, politicians or contractors to question them or record their statements? Agencies like CVC and CAG draw their powers under various laws. Yet, they find it so difficult to get their orders implemented from obdurate and corrupt government machinery. CVC has repeatedly said that the government departments do not respond to its queries. How would Shunglu committee get its orders implemented? It would be foolhardy to believe that the bureaucracy would oblige just because Shunglu has been appointed by the Prime Minister.
Who will bell the cat?
Money made in Commonwealth Games is believed to have allegedly travelled right upto the powers-that-be. Neither CVC nor CAG nor even Shunglu committee have either the mandate or the powers to question Sheila Dikshit or Kalmadi or any other politician or to raid them. The money is alleged to have travelled even beyond. All these agencies will merely be concentrating on tenders and papers and questioning middle level officers who were merely conduits and doing the bidding of their political masters.
In any investigation, time is of essence. Else precious evidence is lost. By the time Shunglu committee submits its report, most evidence would have been wiped out.
We do not understand what is the need for Shunglu committee? When there are already prima facie discrepancies in so many contracts, why can’t the government straight away register cases under Prevention of Corruption Act and Indian Penal Code rather than setting up more committees?
Massive corruption in Commonwealth Games and 2G spectrum has raised the issue of corruption to a pitch as it never happened before. The government is under pressure. That is the reason it is trying to silence media through the appointment of Shunglu committee.
However, rather be fooled by these steps, it is time to call spade a spade.
Not a single effective anti-corruption agency in our country:
A look at all anti-corruption laws and agencies indicate that there is not a single effective anti-corrupion agency in our country. The present anti-corruption laws and systems in our country suffer from internal contradictions. There are plethora of anti-corruption agencies. In each of these agencies, the government has deliberately left some critical loophole so as to make it ineffective. For instance, CVC is an independent body but does not have powers to take any action. It is merely an advisory body. Plus, it does not have jurisdiction over politicians. CBI has the powers but is not independent. It is directly controlled by the government. Also, CBI needs government’s permission to initiate investigations and to launch prosecution in any case. So, one agency has the powers but is not independent. The other agency is independent but does not have the powers.
Lokpal Bill to come up, is also impotent:
Government has announced setting up of yet another agency called Lokpal by December. Again, the government is doing lip service. According to government’s proposal, Lokpal would have jurisdiction over politicians but not bureaucrats, as if politicians and bureaucrats indulge in corruption separately. So, almost every case will need to be investigated by both CVC and Lokpal – CVC will look into the role of bureaucrats and Lokpal will look into the role of politicians. Doesn’t it sound absurd? The obvious question is why can’t the same agency investigate both? And the most interesting part is that even the Lokpal is being made an advisory body! It would merely recommend to the government to initiate prosecution against, say some of its ministers. Do you think the government would ever do that?
We therefore, demand the following action from the government immediately:
Take immediate steps to protect the evidence:
- Suresh Kalmadi and his team of officers should be immediately suspended. We are sure that they would have already tampered with most of the evidence. But before they do any further damage, they should be suspended. The first thing that any investigating agency would do is to prevent all accused access to critical evidence. Rather than doing that, Kalmadi and his team have been asked to continue for the next three months. This is likely to give them sufficient time to wipe out all evidence!
- Delhi Government is believed to have handled around Rs 19,000 crores against Rs 2000 crores handled by Kalmadi. Some central government ministries including urban development ministry, sports ministry etc are believed to have dealt with roughly Rs 8000 crores. According to preliminary enquiries done by CVC and CAG, each of the contract enquired into suffers from serious deficiencies of either straight defalcation or time over runs or highly inflated estimates or shoddy work. Corruption of this scale could not have taken place without active collusion of the people at all levels right from top to bottom. Therefore, to begin with, the ministers of all these ministries in Delhi Government and central government, which dealt with commonwealth games money and are suspect, should be immediately asked to step down. Key officials in these ministries should be suspended. Else they would wipe out all evidence.
- Let all these people join back if they come clean after enquiries.
- Let the government immediately seize all the relevant records, before they are further tampered.
Create effective machinery to do honest and effective investigations and hand over these cases to them:
- A meeting of eminent people took place in August 2010. It was attended by some very senior people who have been connected with administering anti-corruption systems in our country like Justice Santosh Hegde (Lokayukta of Karnataka), Mr P Shankar (former CVC), Mr Pratyush Sinha (former CVC) and Mr J M Lyngdoh (former Chief Election Commissioner). The meeting discussed the deficiencies in our present anti-corruption set up and what needs to be done. They all concurred that all the anti-corruption agencies should be merged into one agency, say Lokpal, which should have the following ingredients:
- It should be completely independent of the government.
- It should have jurisdiction over both politicians and bureaucrats.
- It should have the power to initiate investigations and prosecution in any case without needing any approvals or permissions.
- The appointments to Lokpal should be transparent and participatory.
- The functioning of Lokpal should be completely transparent and accountable to prevent it from becoming a hub of corruption itself.
Though a copy of the minutes of this meeting has already been sent to you earlier, we are again attaching the minutes for your ready perusal.
We demand that a Lokpal on the suggested lines should be immediately set up through an ordinance and the investigations into Commonwealth Games and 2G spectrum should be handed over to them as their first cases. Unless investigations were done by such an independent and empowered body, all efforts of the government would be suspect.
Corruption in Commonwealth Games is the last straw. If this also goes unpunished, then there is no hope for this country. Therefore, if the government does not take concrete action as suggested above within a week, we shall be left with no option but to take all possible steps within our command to initiate a nationwide agitation against corruption.
Warm regards
Yours sincerely
Minutes of Meeting
The following met at IIC on 10th August 2010 from 2 pm to 6 pm to discuss the deficiencies in present anti-corruption systems in our country and what steps need to be taken to address these deficiencies.
- Justice Santosh Hegde, Karnataka Lokayukta
- Mr J M Lyngdoh, former Chief Election Commissioner
- Mr P Shankar, former Central Vigilance Commissioner
- Prashant Bhushan, Advocate, Supreme Court
- Mr Kamal Jaswal, Director Common Cause
- Mr Shekhar Singh, Eminent social activist
- Mr Nikhil Dey, Mazdoor Kisan Shakti Sangthan
- Mr Arvind Kejriwal, Social activist
- Mr Sarvesh Sharma, Common Cause
-.
- CBI is overburdened and does not accept cases even where amount of defalcation is alleged to be around Rs 1 crore.
- CBI is directly under the administrative control of Central Government.
-:
- Lokayuktas cannot initiate investigations on their own. They have to seek permission of state government to investigate cases involving officials above certain levels.
-.
- Lokayuktas merely have advisory roles. They do not have the powers to directly initiate prosecution. They make recommendations to the government, which may or may not agree with those recommendations.
- They also do not have adequate resources to investigate the large number of complaints that they receive.
-.
- Lokpal at the Centre and Lokayukta at state level should be made the single apex, independent and effective anti-corruption agency.
- Lokpal/Lokayukta should be a multi-member body. It could have members from judiciary, legal backgrounds, administrative backgrounds, social activists etc. The Chairman of Lokayukta/Lokpal need not be a person from judiciary only.
-.
- Lokayukta/Lokpal should have complete autonomy:
- This should include financial autonomy. Their fund requirements should be charged to the Consolidated Fund of India in case of Lokpal and to the Consolidated Fund of respective state in the case of Lokayukta.
- They should have complete autonomy to select their own staff, even if it needs to be employed from outside.
-.
- Advice of Lokpal/Lokayukta shall be binding on the government on vigilance matters. In criminal cases, Lokayukta/Lokpal will directly initiate prosecution.
- For legal purposes, Lokpal/Lokayukta would need to be declared as police officers under section 36 of the Cr.P.C.
- All records related to a case shall be public after enquiry/investigation is complete.
- All complaints filed in Lokpal/Lokayukta will have to be compulsorily enquired/investigated, preferably in a time bound manner.
- Lokpal/Lokayukta should have the following powers:
- They should have the powers of a civil court to summon any officers and documents.
- They should also have the powers of search and seizure.
- They should also have the powers to ensure compliance of their orders. This could include financial penalties also.
- If corruption is going on in some case while investigations are on, Lokayukta/Lokpal shall have the powers to issue interim orders to stop or alter any government activity to ensure that corruption is stopped forthwith. Their orders shall be binding.
- Lokpal should be selected in the following manner:
- A search and screening committee consisting of the following members should be made. This committee could be formed through either of the following two methods:
-The.
- Appropriate criteria shall be made for screening and shortlisting candidates.
- The candidates would be subjected to public hearings on the lines of confirmation hearings in US, though these hearings will be for selection and not confirmation.
- On the basis of the above procedures, the Screening Committee shall recommend two times the names as there are vacancies to the Selection Committee, which will consist of Prime Minister, Leader of Opposition and Chief Justice of India.
- The Selection Committee will recommend such number of names as there are vacancies to the President for final appointment.
- Lokayukta of a state shall also be selected similarly.
-.
- It would be desirable if the Government of India provides for the institution of Lokayukta and Lokpal through an amendment to the constitution on the above lines.
To support, Please send your name, address and contact number to youth4justice@gmail.com or call kapil mishra at 9818066041
About the book
This book is an attempt to talk about the real side of Commonwealth Games 2010 being organized in New Delhi, none of us is against the sports but Commonwealth Games in the city are lacking the sports spirit and we need to talk about it.- Kapil Mishra
Download the exclusive e- edition here:
Available Ebook reading formats:
This book is free.Awards were presented on May 15th at New York's Waldorf-Astoria.
Tips to determine who’s right—and who’s not.
Fekkai brand returns to its roots.
Year-old company takes a top honor.
Robertet Fragrances created a custom blend for the designer.
The brand has partnered with Softlips.
UV measuring stickers monitor sun exposure so adults and children stay safe.
Exclusive program seeks next wave of brands and on-air talent
The VIIcode Eye Mask has just launched.
Sign up now to receive the free weekly newsletter, and more!Oracle extends its adware bundling to include Java for Macs
For years, Oracle has tormented Windows users by bundling adware with its Java installer for Windows PCs. Now Oracle has begun including the same adware as part of a default installation of Java for the Mac, using the same deceptive techniques.May 22, 2015
Caseworkers in the Rose City say this desperate need for loving families may be present because parents don't realize adopted children can be just as well-adjusted and healthy as biological kids, especially when they finally find a home to call their own.
Sandra and Luther Woodruff say in 1998 their home was happy, but incomplete. Then their daughter Brittany entered their lives at the age of six. The Woodruffs say their adopted daughter brought them nothing but joy. Then they got another happy surprise.
"It was just unbelievable when we found out Brittany had a biological sister in the system that was available for adoption, we were like, 'That's our baby!'"
The Woodruffs say Brittany and Tynicia are well-adjusted, loving children. They say they couldn't have wished for better biological daughters.
"There was a lot of negative stuff about adoption but I never did focus on that... I just always focused on what contribution I could make to a child's life," says Sandra.
Brittany Woodruff says just as Tynicia is her real sister, she considers Sandra and Luther her real parents. When she thinks of other children in the system who aren't as lucky as she is, it moves her to tears.
"We're actually loving when somebody takes you and hugs you and says I love you, please do that, it means so much to us," says Brittany.
The Woodruffs say now their family is whole, and they're glad they didn't hesitate to give Brittany and Tynicia a home to call their own. Sandra and Luther Woodruff say adopting has made their lives so rich they intend to adopt again!
November is National Adoption Month. Families can find out more by calling the Thomas County DFCS at 229-227-3128. Caseworkers there say they can't wait to share what fostering and adoption.- Shopping Bag ( 0 items )
author of Very Hard Choices Spider Robinson I¹.
Overview
John C. Wright burst upon the SF scene a decade ago with the Golden Age trilogy, an innovative space opera. He went on to write fantasy novels, including the popular Orphans of Chaos trilogy. And ...47Re: [kitesurf] Correction
Expand Messages
- Jul 2, 1998-----Original Message-----Cory Roeseler wrote:
From: Bruno Legaignoux <wipika@...>
To: kitesurf@... <kitesurf@...>
Date: Thursday, July 02, 1998 4:36 PM
Subject: Re: [kitesurf] Correction
The Results of the '95 Extreme Games, the only competition thus far where Kiteski and Wipika competed on the same surf:
Note: Kiteski placed 1st through 5th in '95 Worlds, '96 Worlds and 1st, 3rd, 4th, 5th in '97 Worlds.
Thank you Cory.
What means Surf ?
"Surf" has many meanings (waves, wave riding...). Here I use it to describe the playing field or arena.
What means Worlds ?
Kiteski/kiteboard/kitesurf World Championships
How many racers ?
How many Kiteskiers ?
12 entered the '95 Ex Games (10 Kiteskiers)
7entered the '95 Worlds (7 Kiteskiers)
5 entered the '96 Worlds (5 Kiteskiers)
8 entered the '97 Worlds (7 Kiteskiers)
Note: Top Wipika sailors were invited to all these events. One entered.
- << Previous post in topic Next post in topic >>Aura faint abjuration; CL 5th
Slot shoulders; Price 1,000 gp (+1), 4,000 gp (+2), 9,000 gp (+3), 16,000 gp (+4), 25,000 gp (+5); Weight 1 lb.
Flecks of silver or steel are often sown amid the fabric of these magical cloaks. This garment offersAIDS and the single girl
In the global fight against AIDS, calls for a new focus on girls and young women
By John Donnelly Globe Staff / July 18, 2004
Text size
–
+
- |
BANGKOK -- Ennita Manyumwa could be a poster woman for the Bush administration in the fight against AIDS. She's African, 26, HIV-free, and for years she has resisted older men who bring her gifts in exchange for an implicit promise of sex later. She races through boyfriends. Many leave because she said no to sex. After one man made a ... (Full Article: 1240 Words)
This article is available in our archives:
Globe Subscribers
Non-Subscribers
Purchase an electronic copy of the full article. Learn More
- $4.95 1 Article
- $9.95 4 Articles
- $99.95 Unlimited
My departure from Mongolia is imminent and my travel adventure is about to begin. I’m looking forward to seeing some old friends again, and spend time in warm weather. I’m also excited about my “yoga holiday” – 2 weeks at a small yoga facility on the beach of Kovalam.
Definitely sad to leave here, but so grateful for a phenomenal experience and some amazing new friends.
Experienced PHP5/MySQL Developer with excellent CSS3/HTML5/JS skills
Russia - Last active: 11 hours
Senior Web Developer.
Turkey - Last active: 1 day ago - Tests: 10 - Portfolio: 9...
Drupal Expert
Moldova - Last active: 1 day
Web Developer
Poland - Last active: 2 Backend: - php 5.3 - Wordpress, - Symfony 2, - Kohana 2,3 - FPDF - Smarty/Twig - MSSQL, MySQL, SQLite Other: - Git, SVN, - Lamp/Wamp, - Bash, - PhoneGap
Magento | Wordpress | Netsuite | WEB UI/UX Designer | PHP,MySQL,JQuery
China - Last active: 11 hours ago - Tests: 18 - Portfolio: 30
►..
Senior Ruby on Rails/PHP developer
Vietnam - Last active: 11 hours ago - Tests: 9 - Portfolio: 7
Sr.CryptoCurrency/ BitCoin/ Block Chain Developer, Node.js, JSON
India - Last active: 1 day ago - Tests: 14 - Portfolio: 25 am seeking opportunities to build websites from the ground up for you or your business. !! :)
-.
Zend Certified PHP Engineer
Poland - Last active: 1 day ago - Tests: 8 - Portfolio: 8
I'm a PHP programmer with more than 6 years of commercial experience. My main assets are: strong PHP, Kohana/Codeigniter, Ajax, CSS/HTML5/JQuery and MVC skills. I'm able to handle both frontend and backend part of the development in order to provide dependable and visually appealing solutions in a timely manner. In search for challenging projects and excellent, long-term business opportunities.For what it's worth, there's a Ruby talk at UC Berkeley tonight, "Building Telephone Enabled Apps using Twilio and Sinatra"..<div><br></div><div><br></div><div><a href=""></a></div> <div><br></div><div><br></div><div>Glen</div><div><br><br><div class="gmail_quote">On Tue, Dec 21, 2010 at 5:03 PM, ashish makani <span dir="ltr"><<a href="mailto:ashish.makani@gmail.com">ashish.makani@gmail.com</a>></span> wrote:<br> <blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex;">Hi NB folks<br><br>1.I am ashish...recently moved to the bay area, and a friend Tino on comp.lang.python told me about NB, when i was asking the list about hack spaces, meetups in SF.<br> <br>I am passionate about tech in general, & in particular, linux, computer networks, os, systems, embedded, wireless, hci & lots of other stuff.<br> <br>2.I read through the NB wiki & was thinking of attending the Ruby class, which happens every tuesday, at 7-9pm.<br><br>I was going through the class list[<a href="" target="_blank"></a>] & saw a post by Rob Fletcher, which said that last tuesday, 14th was the last class of the year.<br> I just wanted to double check, is the class on for today/no, especially since i have a long commute from the east bay & dont have a car.<br><br>3. Also, what else will be going on, today, apart from the membership meeting ?<br> Specifically, will Hack-mobile be happening ?<br><br>4. Also, just out of curiosity, does Mitch [<b><a href="" target="_blank"></a></b>], hang at NB often ?<br> I would love to get some advice & maybe learn a thing /2.<br><br>Looking a fwd to meeting fellow enthusiasts,<br><br>Thanks a ton<br><br>cheers<br><font color="#888888">ashish<br><br><br> </font><br>_______________________________________________<br> Noisebridge-discuss mailing list<br> <a href="mailto:Noisebridge-discuss@lists.noisebridge.net">Noisebridge-discuss@lists.noisebridge.net</a><br> <a href="" target="_blank"></a><br> <br></blockquote></div><br><br clear="all"><br>-- <br>Whatever you can do or imagine, begin it;<br>boldness has beauty, magic, and power in it.<br><br>-- Goethe <br> </div>.”
“I don't want to die in a car accident. When I die it'll be a glorious day. It'll probably be a waterfall.”
'.”Mfg.: Eagle Group
Models: Eagle Group PDHT3, Eagle Group PDHT3-120, Eagle Group PDHT3-208, Eagle Group PDHT3-240
This is a brand new item shipped directly from the supplier. Please note image above is for reference only. This listing is for a hot food table with ONLY THREE HOT WELLS.
Item: Eagle Group 3-Well Mobile Electric Hot Food Table w/ Galvanized Under Shelf & 4" Casters
Model: PDHT.Teresa Alleman is a senior chemist with the Fuels Performance Group at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory.
Check out other profiles in the Women @ Energy series and share your favorites on Pinterest.
Teresa Alleman is a senior chemist with the Fuels Performance Group at the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. She has been with the Fuels Performance Group for 13 years and focusing her research on reducing technical barriers to increase utilization of alternative and advanced fuels. In recent years, Teresa has worked on a wide variety of current and future fuels and blendstocks, such as biodiesel, ethanol, natural gas, Fischer-Tropsch fuels, pyrolysis oils, and terpenes. With her background in analytical chemistry, Teresa focuses her work on fuel quality, test methodology, and trace component analysis. She has led a large number of projects and has an impressive list of publications in these areas. Teresa oversees three fuel chemistry laboratories with a wide variety of analytical equipment, including GC and GC/MS, UPLC/MS, FTIR, TOF-MS and wet chemistry methods to support her research. Teresa is an active member of the petroleum committee at ASTM and has written and supported multiple test methods and specifications for alternative fuels over the years. She is also an active member of ACS and SAE.
1) What inspired you to work in STEM?
I’ve known I wanted to do something in STEM for as long as I can remember. I was always the kid that wanted to be an engineer. I never considered chemistry until my sophomore year in college, but once I switched my major, I never looked back.
2) What excites you about your work at the Energy Department?
There are so many great things about working for the Energy Department – the mission leads to amazing projects, which in turn, leads to an amazing group of people working to achieve a common goal. At the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, I work on fuels utilization and performance issues. We work on reducing barriers to utilization of advanced and alternative fuels; essentially, once the fuel is produced, what technical issues does the fuel encounter before broad market acceptance? The work is very applied and engaging. One of the things I like the most is being able to work on multiple projects with different fuels; each has its own set of stakeholders and issues. It’s never the same thing and I know the work that I do has immediate impact on our fuels landscape.
3) How can our country engage more women, girls, and other underrepresented groups in STEM?
I think we need to provide more mentoring and peer support to women, girls and other underrepresented groups. Having a mentor is important to developing your career. It’s someone that can help you navigate work place issues and provide that support as you advance your career. Having peer support is critical too, someone that is facing the same challenges you face, or has recently been through them, someone to provide that sounding board for the issues we all face in our careers.
4) Do you have tips you'd recommend for someone looking to enter your field of work?
I’d tell them to keep an open mind about what they want to do and how it fits within their skill set. The work that I do requires good analytical chemistry skills, strong project management, good communication and interpersonal skills. Do you have to be a “gear head” to work with fuels? No, though I think many of us are. Take a long hard look at what skills you offer and how it fits into different areas of STEM. You could find yourself working in an unexpected area and realize it’s where you were meant to be all along. But, if you pigeonhole yourself, you will never know what opportunities are out there.
5) When you have free time, what are your hobbies?
My family is very active and it seems like we are always on the go! I run and play tennis several times a week. I also volunteer with Girls on the Run, an organization that uses running and a learning curriculum to help elementary age girls to be confident, strong young women.- peter clarke
- Toronto , Ontario
- Canada
CEO,
This conversation is closed.
Enforcing and legislating media ethics in reporting and journalism
Citizen Protection from Anonymous Media Sources based on Gossip, Hearsay or Allegations Required.
Recently media corporations, such as the Globe and Mail, the Toronto Star and Gawker blog, with their editorials, reporting and story journalism being based on gossip, hearsay and anonymous dubious sources that cannot be independently legally verifiable and would not be judicially acceptable in our courts of law, in my opinion, have adequately shown the media must be reigned in and clamped down on by legislation for such muckraking at the direct expense of any individuals citizen’s character and that of the family, spouse and children..
Such legislation must be enacted to protect the personal reputations of all Canadian individuals, their spouse, family and children from media corporations rush to judgment and opinions based on allegations from scurrilous anonymous sources of gossip; hearsay and theory as offered up as editorial opinions and journalistic stories.
The personal reputation of every Canadian from whatever province they reside or make their living must be shielded from story generated journalism and reporters acting like legally constituted police investigator or officers of our judicial system which they are not.
“guilt or innocence is NOT based on rumor, speculation or reputation. An accused is not tried” (in the media, courts or public opinion)” based on what he/she may have done before” rather “ the evidence related to the matter in issue.”
In my opinion, unprofessional editorials and journalistic stories lately about Mayor Ford have forgone any sense of professionalism or basic human decency.
Prince.
Prince Backman
Thus many times,after a newspaper's false news being disclosed,they would only offer an apology,no further legal punishment. But the harm had been done,there is hardly reverse.
Barry Palmer
george lockwood
Isaac Mason
James McGuiness
TED Conversations Archives
We’ve spent three years sharing Ideas, Debates and Questions — and learned a lot.
Now we’re going on hiatus to retool and rebuild from the inside out for a better conversation experience.Catalog Search
Category: 2-Player.
Elk Fest
English language edition of Elchfest
List: $20.00 $18.00 (10% savings!)....
Table Hockey English language edition of Hockey Sur Table Enjoy the thrill of tabletop hockey with this clever design that was released at Essen 2009! Funagain Games does not stock this edition of this title, usually because it's out of print.
Pirate's Blast
AKA: Der schwarze Pirat: Das Duel
$19.99
Fruit Ninja: Slice of Life
(Backordered)
$19.99 Fruit Ninja: Slice of Life Game - Based on the top-selling Apple iOS and Android app, the Fruit Ninja Slide of Life action game turns the fun of the digital app into fast and frenetic...SCORM imsmanifest.xml commented example06/05/2009 at 12:53 pm | Posted in SCORM | 1 Comment
Tags: imsmanifest.xml, SCORM
When creating a SCO there must be a imsmanifest.xml file in the root of the folder. The name of the file cannot be changed and it must follow a specific format. I’ve created a commented example imsmanifest.xml file based on the example from. The file can be downloaded by right clicking and saving the file from here.
1 Comment »
RSS feed for comments on this post. TrackBack URI
Blog at WordPress.com. | The Pool Theme.
Entries and comments feeds.
You can also try Simple SCORM Packager if you need to package your courses.. The application creates a perfect, custom manifest every time.
Comment by Brian Caudill— 12/14/2010 #Sony Pictures unveiled at their CinemaCon presentation yesterday a logo for the sequel for the 2014 hard-boiled action/thriller, "The Equalizer," aptly titled "The Equalizer 2."
Screen Rant said that the second installment of the film was actually "put into development" even before the first movie came into the theaters on September. Sony's latest announcement further confirmed the news.
Led by prominent actor Denzel Washington, the story, which was loosely based on a 1980 TV series of the same name, reveals the life of agent Robert McCall. more >>
OUT OF 5 STARS: 3
"Little Boy" Rated PG-13 Running Time: 106 minutes Opens: Friday, April 24 Stars: Jakob Salvati, Michael Rapaport, Emily Watson Directed by Alejandro Monteverde
Alejandro Monteverde risks trivializing faith by likening it to magic in "Little Boy" but manages to appease believers with a powerful lesson about loving thy neighbor. more >>
Audiences got their first look at Johnny Depp in the upcoming Walt Disney film, "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales."
An image released by producer Jerry Bruckheimer shows the first official photo of Johnny Depp in the fifth installment of the swashbuckling film franchise, "Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales."
Bruckheimer teased the photo on his Twitter account Tuesday, showing Depp's character, Jack Sparrow lashed tightly to a mast between two pirates. The director captioned image: "Captain Jack is back, and we're not letting him go." more >>
Ryan Gosling is reported to be in negotiations to join the upcoming sequel of the sci-fi cult classic "Blade Runner." If he signs on, he will be joining Harrison Ford, who is reprising his role as Rick Deckard. Gosling's role, however, is still unknown.
Gosling, who was last seen in "The Place Beyond the Pines," has been notably absent in box office hit movies this past few years. In 2013, he announced that he was taking a temporary break from acting, saying that he had "lost perspective" on what he was doing. During this time, he tried his hand at directing and producing. In 2014, he signed on for "Nice Guys" with Russell Crowe and is currently working on the "The Big Short" with Christian Bale, Steve Carrell and Brad Pitt.
Denis Villeneuve will helm the project for Alcon Entertainment, with the first movie's director, Ridley Scott as executive producer. The sequel's screenplay was written by Hampton Fancher and Michael Green. The story will still be set in a futuristic, dystopian Los Angeles, but several decades after. The 1982 original film was set in 2019 Los Angeles. Deckard, played by Harrison Ford, was a replicant hunter – a replicant was a bioengineered being. more >>
In the recent CinemaCon, Ben Stiller reprised his role as Derek Zoolander in the 2001 movie "Zoolander," in a video clip shown during one of the panels. The video clip confirmed another cast member, Billy Zane, returning for the movie's sequel "Zoolander 2." Stiller also said that the next movie will be a "giant bomb ... filled with money," hinting at the movie's possible success.
Stiller and his co-star, Owen Wilson, a month ago surprised the audience during the Valentino fashion show at Paris Fashion Week when both of them walked in the runway. They used the stunt to announce the sequel's release date, which is in February 2015. Both of them were wearing modeling garb and were flashing their signature modelling looks.
The sequel will bring back other cast members who were in the original movie, according to reports in Variety and Deadline. Apart from Billy Zane, Will Ferrell who played the sinister Jacobim Mugatu will also reprise his role and Christine Taylor as Matilda Jeffries. New cast members were also recently announced such as Penelope Cruz, whom Stiller announced himself, Kristen Wiig in a still unknown role, and Cyrus Arnold, as Zoolander's son. More recently, it was also announced that "Saturday Night Live" actor Fred Armisen has signed on to the comedy sequel as well, according to Time. more >>
While the recently-opened "Fast & Furious 7" has currently been enjoying a huge box office success, talks about a purported sequel are also trickling down in the rumor mill.
Actor Vin Diesel previously told Conan O'Brien in his TBS talk show that there is a "Furious 8" and that it will happen largely in New York.
Meanwhile, another talk show revelation made into the news and this time, it came from "Furious 7" collaborator Kurt Russell. more >>Module building: Error956042 Sep 5, 2012 3:07 AM
Hi,
This content has been marked as final. Show 12 replies
1. Re: Module building: ErrorSean Reardon-Oracle Sep 5, 2012 3:49 AM (in response to 956042)The error message is telling you everything you need to know.
You have defined some attribute in the module (I'm assuming that it is actually telling you the attribute and that you have simply anonymised the attribute in order to post to the forum - that certainly looks like the case from the error message text you have posted).
You have then attempted to change some part of the definition of that attribute in the project using that attribute (be aware that adding extra information, eg custom properties or validation is a change to the definition of the attribute).
You cannot do this.
If you want to change the definition of the attribute then you will need to change that definition in the project which generates the module and redeploy the module.
To quote from the help text on modules (article title: Include rules defined in a separate project):
"When a module is imported into a project all the entities, attributes and relationships that are defined in the module’s public interface appear as if they were defined in a properties file in that project itself and can be used like any other item defined in a properties file. There is, however, one important restriction in that items imported from a module cannot be edited from within the parent project. To make changes to the module you need to edit the module's project and rebuild it. Similarly, you cannot make changes in the parent project that override the module's attribute, entity and relationship definitions. Consequently, if you additionally define an imported entity, attribute or relationship in a parent project you cannot define anything other than the text of that item."
2. Re: Module building: Error956042 Sep 5, 2012 4:36 AM (in response to Sean Reardon-Oracle)Hi Sean Reardon,
I noticed that some of the attributes have regular expressions and the other attributes are formed using attributes which have regular expressions. How do I proceed with module building?
Let me elaborate: I clicked Build->Build module. I got many warnings. I ignored all and continued. Then right click->Add module link. Found file in output folder and opened. Errors appear.
Thanks,
Naveen
Edited by: Naveen Mathew on Sep 5, 2012 2:30 AM
3. Re: Module building: ErrorSean Reardon-Oracle Sep 5, 2012 4:33 AM (in response to 956042)Okay from that sound of that question I am going to make the assumption that you do not have access to nor control over the module being used in the project you are being asked to build.
So:
Get in touch with the person who controls the creation of the module you are including in your project.
Get them to add the extra elements to the attributes that are currently defined in your project. If they don't want to do this that is for you to resolve within your project - but as you have seen, if it relates to an attribute which is defined in the module you cannot change it - this is part of the way that modules work. If they really don't want to do it then I would suggest you are going to need to remove that attribute from the module.
Once they have made the changes in their project get them to re-issue the module to you.
While they are updating the module you will need to update the attribute definitions in your project - ie remove any definition of attributes which are defined in the module which you use in your project.
Because there are now no clashes (all the definition of the attributes in the module is done in the module producing project) you should not get the errors you have been seeing.
If you have update and module creation access to the project which generates the module being used in your project then simply do the tasks I've indicated need to be done by the module producing team yourself.
4. Re: Module building: Error956042 Sep 5, 2012 7:05 AM (in response to Sean Reardon-Oracle)Hi,
There is 1 entity contained within global. I just realized that those warnings are for that entity level attributes. None of the attributes in that entity are in the module now. Is there a way out of this?
Error:
The entity '<entity name>' can not be exported because its containment relationship can not be exported
Moreover, I'm not trying to build a module on multiple projects. I have an (one) existing project and I'm trying to build a module on it.
Thanks,
Naveen
Edited by: Naveen Mathew on Sep 5, 2012 5:05 AM
5. Re: Module building: ErrorSean Reardon-Oracle Sep 5, 2012 7:10 AM (in response to 956042)Ok - it sounds like you are now just randomly doing things - I don't have any more time to help you today so let's try to get this set up so your problem is clearly stated so other people can offer assistance (if it is still needed).
Let's start by restating your problem so that we can be clear about what actions need to be taken and where they need to be taken (and so you can clearly say where you have taken action and in which place you are seeing which behaviour).
1) You have a Project A. You have created a module using this project (side-note that module creation produced a number of warnings that will no doubt be a problem for you in the future, but are not relevant to this specific discussion).
2) You have a project B. You want to use the module from Project A in Project B. When you bring the module from Project A into project B you get an Error displaying which is telling you that
"Properties can not be defined in this project for imported module attribute 'X'. See 'Y.xsrc'. (OPA-E00286)
The "simple" answer is to remove any definition of attribute X from file Y.xsrc (although this will mean that you will not be able to use whatever extra functionality you had defined).
If you want the functionality that was defined in Project B then you will need to add that functionality to Project A (and remember to remove it from Project B).
Once you have added this functionality you will need to rebuild the module from Project A. Assuming that Project B is looking for the module from Project A in the place that Project A builds to then you will not need any further steps. Remember that any time you make changes to Project A that you want to be available to Project B that you will need to rebuild the module in Project A.
Going back to your most recent reply it sounds like what you have done is to go to Project A and to remove from Project A the attributes that you have error messages about in Project B. It also sounds like what you are saying is that you are still seeing the *same* error message(s) in Project B even after making the changes to Project A.
If you are still getting the same error message in Project B then the most obvious reason would be that you have not updated the module. Remember that for Project B to know that you have removed those attributes from project A you need to update the module (by building Project A - as a module). A module is a point in time view on the rules in the project - it doesn't automatically update Project B just because you made a change to Project A.
If it's a different error message now then a) that's a different problem b) you need to say that you're getting a different error message.
6. Re: Module building: Error956042 Sep 5, 2012 8:07 AM (in response to Sean Reardon-Oracle)The problem is even a lot more confusing.
1) I'm in project A. Let's say I click "Build module" for m ^th^ time - it builds, gives warnings and creates .rmod file (Warning shows all the of attributes which have regex and all the attributes which are under the entity (only entity) which is contained within 'global'). However, this does not happen all the time. Let's say I click "Build module" for n ^th^ time - it builds, gives warnings (does not show attribute related warnings), but does not create .rmod file.
2) Entity level attributes are completely absent in the .rmod file.
I'm just banging my head on the wall.
7. Re: Module building: ErrorDavin Fifield-Oracle Sep 5, 2012 7:26 PM (in response to 956042)Can you confirm: is this OPA 10.4.0 or OPA 10.4.1?
8. Re: Module building: Error956042 Sep 5, 2012 10:43 PM (in response to Davin Fifield-Oracle)It's 10.4.1.60
9. Re: Module building: Error956042 Sep 6, 2012 4:13 AM (in response to Davin Fifield-Oracle)I'm able to build module now. Going step by step. I will add a comment if I encounter problems.
10. Re: Module building: ErrorJasmine Lee-Oracle Sep 7, 2012 1:00 PM (in response to 956042)Just throwing a thought out there... do you really need to use modules? If not, just do everything in the one project and many of these problems will just go away.
11. Re: Module building: Error956042 Sep 10, 2012 12:26 AM (in response to Jasmine Lee-Oracle)There is absolutely no need for module building, just as there is no need for classes in C++ to address a similar kind of problem.
12. Re: Module building: ErrorDavin Fifield-Oracle Sep 10, 2012 2:34 AM (in response to 956042)Marking this thread as answered. See Repeat: Module building
Davin.: Mercatale Val di Pesa - FlorenceShow on map -
2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 4 to 6 people, Private Pool
2015 Prices per villa
732 to 1284 US Dollar
Location address: Peccioli - PisaShow on map
2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 4 people, Shared Pool
2015 Prices per villa
828 to 1380
756 to 1392 US Dollar
Location address: Segromigno in Monte - LuccaShow on map
2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 4 people, Shared Pool
2015 Prices per villa
1478 to 1968:
1139 to 1840 US Dollar
Location address: Montaione - FlorenceShow on map
2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 4 people, Shared Pool
2015 Prices per villa
907 to 1548 US Dollar
Location address: San Regolo - SienaShow on map -
2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 4 people, Shared Pool
2015 Prices per villa
990 to 1578 US DollarThe moral of 2011 for bands, acts and musicians: it takes time
If new bands and acts are to take one lesson from 2011, it’s should be the one about time and patience. I know, it’s a strange moral to take from a year when it seemed, yet again, as if accelerated …
If new bands and acts are to take one lesson from 2011, it’s should be the one about time and patience. I know, it’s a strange moral to take from a year when it seemed, yet again, as if accelerated culture was all that mattered. In a world of Twitter and internet memes, instant gratification and low attention spans and going from zeroes to heroes to zeroes again in a few months, it seems weird to be putting time and patience in the frame.
But as this year went on, it seemed to me that the art of creating music with bite and substance was something which was well worth spending time on and taking time over. The alternatives are rarely palatable or sustainable. Think about it. Does the world really need another eager new band to emerge with songs which were semi-formed or tunes which were more ideas and textures rather than something to really hang your hat on? Are we really going to think well of acts doing in public what they should have done in private? Are we going to continue to have to tut and sigh over acts who come on strong with one or two decent tunes, but who don’t have anything else to offer when you go to see them live for the first time? Do paying punters really have to subsidise you as you try to decide if you need three or six players in your band?
The problem for many acts is that they think if they don’t strike now that they’re damned forever. My in-box overflows with bands hawking their wares, trying to get mentions and previews for upcoming gigs or online releases. There’s a pang of desperation to many of these missives, especially acts who emerged six months ago who feel that they’re now overlooked as another batch of bright new things enjoy some profile.
Of course, there are some of you who will be going “pot kettle black” at this stage. At On the Record, we champion new music every single week of the year. We tell you about new acts and we highlight new tunes. But it’s not our job to ensure these bands are ready for the floor and going to be around for years. Our new music spots are about spotting potential and it’s up to the act who do the rest. We’re not their parents, you know. We’re also not the A&R department of their record label, an expertise which is sorely missed when it comes to developing and building an act.
But it is well worth taking the time to get things right, as a couple of examples from 2011 show. At Hard Working Class Heroes 2009, we saw We Cut Corners for the first time. Between then and 2011, the band never registered on our radars. Sure, they were around and doing stuff, but it was on the downlow and any noise was exerted on rehearsals and songwriting rather than hussling hacks to write about them. When they played at HWCH 2011, they were a totally different band and, as their fantastic debut album “Today I Realised I Could Go Home Backwards” shows, they’ve squared the songwriting and songcraft circle over the last two years. They’re a band you could see still in the game five or ten years from now, which is a goal most acts want to achieve.
Another example is James Vincent McMorrow. As he explained in a Ticket cover story in October, he spent four or five years working away on songs and techniques in a room at home before he ever went near a recording studio. He spent a year in London where he found out that he wasn’t ready to engage with the industry, before finding his mojo in a house by the sea in Co Louth. He released “Early In the Morning” in February 2010 and it’s an album which is still finding its legs nearly two years (indeed, McMorrow will spend the second anniversary of the album’s release on another UK tour). Further proof that it takes time.
Finally, there’s The Black Keys, a band enjoying the best press and sales of their career on the back of new album “El Camino”. But as you see again and again in interviews with them (like this one), such success didn’t happen overnight. I remember seeing the band at SXSW in 2003, a year after they formed, and being wowed by their sound. Eight years and many albums on, they’ve found their feet and the rest of the world has caught up with them. That they did so in public and over the course of putting a deep catalogue together is down to the ability to gig again and again across America, an asset which Irish acts sorely lack due to geographical limitations.
All three of the above show the virtues and values of taking time. Sure, they may have wondered down through the years if the work and patience would ever pay off – and hindsight is a wonderful thing – but it’s obvious what the acts have gained from actually having a developmental arch. No need to throw out a new track every other week. No need to do anything until you were ready to do it and happy with what you had. No need to rush into anything just because you thought there was a demand for it. Memo to all: the world is not impatiently waiting for your new EP or album. Take the time to get the basics right and everything else flows from.>> Night We Stole Christmas Ticket Information
Celebrate the holidays with a lineup of talented rock artists this winter during the annual The Night We Stole Christmas concert. First launched in 2012, the Chicago-area music event has previously featured sets from artists like Queens of the Stone Age, AWOLNATION, Thirty Seconds to Mars, GROUPLOVE, and many more. Secure a set of The Night We Stole Christmas tickets to see a new round of performers light up the stage at this year’s event. Rest assured your confirmed order will be covered by our 100% Buyer Guarantee, which ensures valid tickets and an on-time delivery.
- Click “Tickets” next to the 2015 event listed above. If you decide you would like help from a Vivid Seats team member, give us a call at 866.848.8499, or connect through our Live Chat system.
- Select different sections on the venue seating map to identify the seats you want to purchase. When you see an option that appeals to you, press “Buy.”
- At checkout, verify all the details included in the order summary, including the total cost and quantity of The Night We Stole Christmas tickets. Be sure to fill in all required fields before you press “Place Order.”Bill Would Curb Campus Mental Health Aid
Byline: Greg Bolt The Register-Guard
A bill that would put limits on the way colleges and universities assist students with mental health problems is drawing opposition from counselors, who call it overbroad and unnecessary.
If approved, the legislation would bar most counselors from recommending that a student consider using medications such as Prozac that affect mood or behavior. It is aimed at ensuring that students with mental health problems are not pressured into taking drugs as a condition of remaining in school.
But counselors at the University of Oregon and other state institutions object to the bill's language, which they believe unnecessarily intrudes on treatment by limiting what counselors can discuss with patients. They also say it will prevent students from getting needed help and deprive schools of the authority to decide when students should go on a mental health leave and when they are able to return.
Robin Holmes, director of the UO Counseling and Testing Center, called the bill an answer in search of a problem. She said no one has ever raised concerns about students being pushed to take medication for mental health problems - in Oregon or any other state - and said the training and ethics requirements of counseling staff ensure that students get appropriate care.
"We're very confused as to why this particular piece of legislation is being introduced," she said. "You're having a bill decide how we should interact with students, when by practice we already have all the things we need to make sure we're interacting with a student in an ethical way. There's no need for legislation to do what we already do."
The bill, Senate Bill 561, was introduced by Sen. Bill Morrisette, D-Springfield. Morrisette said he filed the bill at the request of Jim Whittenburg, a former pharmacist who has struggled with mental illness himself and advocates against the overuse of drugs such as Ritalin to treat behavior problems in children.
Morrisette sponsored a bill approved in the 2003 session that prohibits staff in K-12 schools from recommending that parents consider Ritalin for their children. That bill also was written at Whittenburg's request and was meant to ensure that only medical professionals diagnose and treat behavior problems.
Morrisette said SB 561 stems from a similar concern and is meant to ensure that students receive due process in decisions affecting their health and enrollment.
"I think this is to the benefit of the university as well as the student, just to make sure that there's no misunderstanding of how people behave in those situations," he said. "All this is just to clarify the procedure and that's it."
Under the bill, only a licensed psychiatrist or psychologist would be allowed to recommend the use of a mood- or behavior-altering medication. Colleges would retain the right to require students to take a leave of absence if they present a danger to themselves or others, but they would have to offer treatment first and would lose the ability to decide when a student is ready to return to campus.
Holmes said that could be a problem with a student in crisis who needs to be placed on leave immediately for his own safety. And a student would have to be allowed back when a psychiatrist or psychologist determines the student is no longer a threat, even if the college doesn't believe he's ready to handle campus life.
The legislation would apply to all schools in the Oregon University System, all community colleges and Oregon Health & Science University. …I posted earlier but I didn't include a copy of /etc/printcap - so here is a copy of my /etc/printacp - maybe that helps... I'm not very familiar with setting up printers - so if anybody can give me a hint I'd appreciate it! Thanks! hpcolor|hp business inkjet 2250PS\ :lp=:\ :rm=printserv:\ :rp=L2:\ :sd=/var/spool/lpd/hpcolor:\ :af=/var/log/hpcolor-errs:\ :lf=/var/log/hpcolor-acct:\ :mx#0:\ :sh:sf: brother|brother hl-10v\ :lp=:\ :rm=printserv:\ :rp=L1:\ :sd=/var/spool/lpd/brother:\ :df=/etc/filter.ps:\ :tf=/etc/filter.pcl:\ :af=/var/log/brother-acct:\ :lf=/var/log/brother-errs:\ :pl#66:\ :pw#80:\ :pc#150:\ :mx#0:\ :sh:sf: 3 years ago by Technologov
- attachment Win7-64bit-2012-08-22-03-29-27.log
added
comment:1 Changed 3 years ago by frank
- Summary changed from [BLOCKER] Metadata Corruption after host power off = Lost VM to VM config file lost after host power off
comment:3 Changed.
UPDATE: Just happened again to me. Host: Win7 x64 + VBox 4.1.22. The *.vbox file was deleted, but thankfully *.vbox-temp existed, so I manually recovered the VM.
-Technologov, 21.Nov.2012.
Changed 2 years ago by Daniel Sokolowski
- attachment daniel-winx64-apr-12-2013-VBox.log
added
comment:6 Changed 2 2 22 months ago by mandric
Any updates on a fix here? We've had it reported from customers twice and had to talk them through the rename process. From end user perspective it appears the whole VM is lost.
comment:10 Changed 13 months ago by thomerow
Any updates on this? The same thing just happened to me after I shut down the host while VirtualBox was saving the machine state and got stuck at 100% for several hours. OS is Windows 7 64bit.
comment:11 Changed
VBox logSOAP w/ Attachments Interop tests ?
Expand Messages
- Hi,
There seems to be a growing number of toolkits that support SwA, it
seems like now would be a good time to setup some SwA interop tests.
Thoughts ?
Cheers
Simon
- Somewhat related to this, Direct Internet Message Encapsulation (DIME)
is now available as an IETF Internet Draft [1]. Please send any comments
to the public mailing list [3]. Archives are available at [2].
Abstract. The payload length is
an integer indicating the number of octets of the payload. The
optional payload identifier is a URI enabling cross-referencing
between payloads. DIME payloads may include nested DIME messages or
chains of linked chunks of unknown length at the time the data is
generated. DIME is strictly a message format, provides no concept
of a connection or of a logical circuit, and does not address head-
of-line problems.
Thanks,
Henrik Frystyk Nielsen
mailto:henrikn@...
[1]
[2]
[3] mailto:dime@...
>> We selected option a, as we understand there are significant interop
>> issues with SwA (at least for the time being).
>
>Seems sensible. I think the interop issues are "not part of general
>interop testing yet". It might all just work without anything needing
>to be changed, you know. :)
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.- //Music
- //Reviews
- //Carlene Carter
Carlene Carter
Carter Girl
(Rounder)
US: 8 Apr 2014
Carlene Carter’s place in the history of American music was assured long before the conception or recording of her new CD, Carter Girl, but its creation makes for a solid insight into her world. As daughter of June Carter Cash and Carl Smith, and granddaughter of Maybelle Carter, her view of the machinations of the music industry is informed by family and history, and the weight of both of these factors has influenced her career of some 35-plus years. During that time, Carter has issued nine studio albums and over 20 singles, leading up to this new record.
The new album serves as a tribute to her musical forebears, but also as a statement of self. Her sound, even when paying tribute to Carters previous, is very much her own. The songs themselves are gleaned from both her own songbook (“Me and the Wildwood Rose”), and that of her family; the original Carter Family (the versions of the traditional songs “Black Jack David” and “Gold Watch and Chain”), her mother (“Tall Lover Man”), and aunt Helen (“Poor Old Heartsick Me”). An updated “Lonesome Valley” (here titled “Lonesome Valley 2003”) acts as a tribute to both Carlene’s mother, and Johnny Cash, and Carlene’s half-sister Rosie Nix Adams, all of whom passed in that year.
Carter’s oeuvre reflects her own rock influences as obviously as it does country, with “Little Black Train” taking a deep breath of atmospheric electric guitar and bass, complemented by flashing Rhodes and sonorous backing vocals. The chug of the train is echoed in the effective harp lines. “Me and the Wildwood Rose” is a tribute to her family, but also acts as a description of the journey the music has taken, complete with subtle musical motif as a neat reminder. The driving, rambling treatment of A.P.‘s “Blackie’s Gunman” brings out the best in the album’s musicians, which include Jim Keltner, Greg Leisz, Sam Bush, and Don Was on bass.
Carter Girl also has contemplative, almost sad moments, such as “I’ll Be All Smiles Tonight”, with its late-night barroom setting, and the quietly devastating “Troublesome Waters”, on which Carter is serenaded by the voice of experience and loss that is Willie Nelson. Carlene’s take on “Lonesome Valley” is personal and profound, extrapolating family loss to lessons we can all learn. The chorus sees Carter’s vocals united with those of Vince Gill.
Carter is not afraid of updating older songs, in fact, it is her pride and joy. Joy is given to songs like “Tall Lover Man”, lifting her mother’s story from the pages of history and giving it a rousing, upbeat tone. The beautifully balanced take on “Gold Watch and Chain” is delivered with knowledge, awareness and passion, as is the delightful “Black Jack David”, which features Kris Kristofferson.
An updated version of the rousing, soulful and true “I Ain’t Gonna Work Tomorrow” rounds up the album, incorporating vocals from earlier takes from Helen, June, Johnny and Anita Carter. Carlene has explained that she feels charged with the responsibility of maintaining and extending her family’s music, and without falsehood or artifice of any kind, she does exactly that on CarterMake your master bath a relaxing retreat with decorating and design ideas from our experts. Print Email PagesPrevious 56 of 66 Next View All Coordinate Colors Put a twist on your bedroom color scheme to unify your master suite. This patterned wallpaper coordinates with the color scheme used in the bedroom. Related Links Restful Master Bedrooms Creative Children's Baths Comfortable Guest Baths23 January 2015
[ALSO SEE: Supernatural & Paranormal Glossary of Terms]
LIST OF TOP SUPERNATURAL POWERS AND ABILITIES HUMANS CAN DEVELOP
➽ Do you feel like you are special? ➽ Do you wonder if you have some special hidden power or ability that others' don't? ➽ Do you fantasize about flying or deep sea diving without equipment? ➽..”
Aura Reading. In the ever growing case of 'mortal vampyres', the psi-vampyres claim to get energy from someone else's aura. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING.
Clairvoyance (Vision)
The power of Clairvoyance is the ability to see the unknown.. A person said to have the ability of clairvoyance is referred to as a clairvoyant ("one who sees clearly"). [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Clairaudience (Hearing)
The ability to internally hear information that is passed from the dead. A very famous clairaudient was Doris Stokes, a British spiritualist. or other magic tricks), and thus may be termed "psychic" or paranormal. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE].
Control (Chronokenisis) Time
The ability to Manipulate or Control Time is Chronokinesis which is the psychic ability to control one's perception of time and maybe time itself through the mind. It is done oftentimes through focused reduced brainwave patterning via deep meditation which can often involve astral projection.
Divination.
Empath
Empathy is the capacity to understand what another person is experiencing from within the other person's frame of reference, ie, the capacity to place oneself in another's shoes. As an empath you can acquire the deep emotions of another and oftentimes confuse them with your own. Empathy is always a choice. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Energy (Psychic) Vampire
An energy psychic vampire is a person or being who feeds off the "life force" of other living creatures. Psychic vampires are represented in the occult beliefs of various cultures and in fiction. There is no scientific or medical evidence supporting the existence of psychic vampires, or even the bodily or psychic energy they allegedly drain. You can feel the effects of an energy psychic vampire when you feel terribly exhausted after a meeting or conversation. [Read this Article for More Info] [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Enhanced (Clairaudience) Hearing/Listening). [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Enhanced (Clairalience) Smelling. These appear in the form of phantom smells or etheric smells. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Glamourization
Many, many people are equipped with the ability to glamourize others. It is a mild form of spell casting that so many are able to use to seduce another that they aren't aware of the power this ability holds over another. And it's all in the eyes! 'a.
Levitation
Levitation (from Latin levitas "lightness"). Gurus and masters levitate during deep focused meditation.. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Precognition
In parapsychology, precognition (from the Latin præ-, "before" and cognitio, "acquiring knowledge"), also called future sight, and second sight, is a type of extrasensory perception that would involve the ability to see the future, acquisition or effect of future information that cannot be deduced from presently available and normally acquired sense-based information.. There are established biases affecting human memory and judgment of probability that create convincing but false impressions of precognition. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Psychokinesis
Psychokinesis is also known as Telekinesis and mind over matter, and it is the ability to move or manipulate objects with the mind. This, in combination with pyrokinesis.
Psychometry (Touch-Know)
Psychometry (Touch-Know) is the ability to “read” information or memories from objects or situations.. As well as in Stephen King's film Rose Red where the character of Pam demonstrated this skill while touching the front door's handles and speaking in Sukeena's voice at the same time. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE].
Regeneration
Regeneration is renewal through the internal processes of a body or system. Something which embodies this action can be described as regenerative. Many titles of cultural work and cultural and scientific concepts use the term.
Remote Viewing. (SRI), to distinguish it from clairvoyance. useful intelligence information. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Retrocognition
Retrocognition (also known as postcognition), from the Latin retro meaning "backward, behind" and cognition meaning "knowing," describes "knowledge of a past event which could not have been learned or inferred by normal means." This is the ability to see things that happened in the past..[3] needs. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
See Spirits
Many people have been known to see the spirits of the dead, those who have passed on to other realms. These oftentimes come in the form of a loved one (or even a beloved pet) who has recently passed away. Othertimes as we see in the paranoraml community world, the spirits of those who have had difficulties when they were alive keep them contained in a realm between this world and the next. They are bound to certain locations where their life was most affected on the earth. Paranormal investigations are common worldwide nowadays. The disembodied voices of spirits have been captured on film, and through by EVP (Electronic Voice Phenomena) recordings as well. Many have had a personal encounter or two. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Shapeshifting (Therianthropy)).
Synesthesia. People who report such experiences are known as synesthetes. Recently, difficulties have been recognized in finding an adequate definition of synesthesia, as many different phenomena have been covered by this term and in many cases the term synesthesia ("union of senses") seems to be a misnomer. A more accurate term for the phenomenon may be ideasthesia. [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Telekinesis (Mind Movement)
Psych.
Telepathy (Mentalism). [GET YOUR PERSONALIZED PSYCHIC READING HERE]
Teleportation
Teleportation, or Teletransportation, is the theoretical transfer of matter or energy from one point to another without traversing the physical space between them. It is a common subject of science fiction literature, film, and television. A fantastic story of a Danish mailman who loved everything American comes to mind. One day his wife called the office because her husband had not come home and it was very late. The post office tracked his truck down. It had been stopped in the middle of the road in the middle of his route. And in America, in New York City, a Danish man was found. He only spoke Danish, and had no identification on his person. He had been thinking so hard about visiting America at the time of this event.
Time..
Also, Neo, because you are not able to see the spirits (souls) at this point, that can be a good thing ... due to the fact that you are still afraid, your psyche may be protecting you from actually seeing as hearing (clairaudience) is plenty good for you just now. Be patience with yourself and loving.
Neo, being given the gift of hearing the disincorporated around you is also your opportunity to realize that they know you can hear them, oftentimes, and try an communicate for assistance whether it is plain support or a true cry for help. If you ever remember being crossed over and in need of help, you would be reaching out too. For the Light. For a helping hand. For a heart of love that looks like God himself. Also to master empathy, yes it is optional, is powerful. Hoping my comments help you or shed some light for you in some way. Keeps you in your inner strength. Blessings to you, for your great gifts and abilities. Please go to my page on Facebook and like. Also I have a social network here on my website with other like minded seekers and healers, who can support you further. :) Blessings To You!! Deidre
Hi there Katlan, Wonderful! You know the empathy really helps the Aerona giving you an edge over feeling/sensing the illness. Does it feel as if the illness is a friend to the individual? Like a good buddy that is doing his/her part in upholding the wishes and desires of the person who is ill? It's like getting very personal with the illness' signature energy. Making it an ally.
Kudos to your for learning telekinesis. Did you learn it in a class type setting or on your own? Have you been able to master it well? Just curious about this. You have some strong gifts and thank you so much for your sharing. Many can learn from you.
Have a great day!
Deidre
Yes Grace this is true. this list can give you a compassionate perspective on what others' abilities can do. Sort of like in the movie, Sky High. Appreciate your comments and input of support for not only others but also for your own personal growth! Blessings to you Grace, Deidre
Hi Krishna, thanks for writing about your amazing gifts. to be able to astrally project yourself and bi-locate to connect with others and see if loved ones are okay for example is a beautiful gift that can obviously be utilized for great purposes. Have you tried to communicate during those times with them yet? Interacting with them? That might be a great discovery too.
Gift #2 ... moving objects with your hand and scan them, do you scan the energy field of the object first, make contact and reaffirm its molecular structure? Or something simpler and more quickly/instantly organic? Very curious.
Gift #3 .... Body Temperature / health ... to me, what I feel you're tapping into, is our body's innate ability to self heal and raise our temperatures to a degree that can burn off viruses and bacteria for example. That seems to come from a groundswell of an rooted energy source beginning in the lower chakras and moving up the spine. Kundalini energies. This is what your gift #3 reminds me of. Do you feel sort of an ebbing and flowing like incoming and outgoing ocean waves in your being, like deep breathing from Source?
Thank you Krishna. You are unique and deeply soul-gifted. Thank you for responding to this article. Please share, like and find me on Facebook & Twitter too.
It was from since I was a little girl, I watched my mother and 2 Aunts play around with "Magic" as they called it. Unfortunately the family split, but there was always this spookiness about it. What are these strange happenings? Why do they happen? Is it my mind playing "tricks"? Is it because I am tired?.. Many excuses, but they just don't add up.
I just wish for some answersThe smell is the only noticeable difference between today and a year ago at the Blue Rhino propane plant in south Tavares.
Before a massive explosion that went on all night at the plant a year ago Tuesday, folks around it could always smell the distinctive sulfur odor that is added to propane so human noses can detect the volatile gas.
"The smell never went away before. I don't know what they're doing differently now," said Duane Siebert, who owns a business that backs up to a chain-link fence around the plant on County Road 448.
But he can take a good guess: Blue Rhino employees aren't "bleeding" propane canisters on the hot asphalt behind the building, as they did the night of July 29, 2013, that a worker started a forklift in a cloud of propane, igniting a flash fire that turned 53,000 tanks into flaming missiles.
Tavares firefighters rushed to the scene, but heat prevented them from getting close enough to turn water guns onto the company's three 30,000-gallon tanks.
Police evacuated homes and businesses for a half mile around the plant, and people fled, some of them trying to guide terrified horses through a mile of underbrush to get away from the continual explosions.
At least 17 people were working in the plant, and seven were injured, several seriously. One man woke up from a coma after a month.
The Division of State Fire Marshal, the LP Gas Division of the state Department of Agriculture and the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration all attributed the explosion that did about $3 million damage to the same thing: human error.
Employees weren't supposed to be letting propane drain willy-nilly onto the ground behind the plant that refurbishes and refills canisters. OSHA went further: It cited the company for 26 violations and levied $73,000 in fines. Ferrellgas, the parent company of Blue Rhino, is fighting back, claiming that employees caused this whole mess and there's no way the company could have know they'd do what they did. A hearing before the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission is set for Dec. 9 in Orlando and is expected to take three days.
Blue Rhino's claim that its workers are at fault seems to run counter to OSHA's citations, which included several for failing even to have written rules, along with failing to train employees, a number of whom didn't speak English. They came from the Marshall Islands in the North Pacific Ocean.
Asked what changes the company has made at the plant to prevent any more explosions, the Ferrellgas spokesman didn't reply.
Wow. Really? That's an unreasonable question for a company that nearly blew a piece of Tavares off the map? Such disdain for the public is inexcusable and leaves bad feelings about the company in the community. Perhaps Ferrellgas doesn't think it owes Tavares even an explanation, let alone compensation.
Tavares officials said Blue Rhino changed the water-gun system that keeps the big tanks cool from one that has to be activated manually to one that automatically activates and has remote switches as backup in case it doesn't. It added extra gates for employees and increased the width of aisles between pallets that store the tanks, Tavares City Administrator John Drury said.
Those are all good measures, but they won't prevent disaster. The company needs to develop a training program and aggressively train its workers. It needs to announce that program to the public.
Meanwhile, folks close to the plant are still considering their options.
One suit was filed last year by Herb Welder, who discovered a smoking propane canister in the middle of the living room of his new house after it blasted through the roof. Welder's former lawyers failed to act in the case, and it was closed without his knowledge in June. He plans to refile using a new law firm.
Siebert said last week that Blue Rhino or its insurance company paid for all the immediate repairs caused by the explosion and fire. But Siebert and Welder are more worried about the future.
"Beyond tangible damages, there are some intangible damages. Who in their right mind would buy next to Blue Rhino knowing what is possible?" Siebert said.
And he's right.
Blue Rhino owes the Tavares community in more ways than one, and so far all it's gotten is a cold stare.
Lritchie@tribune.com. Lauren invites you to send her a friend request on Facebook at facebook.com/laurenonlake.Copyright © 2015, Orlando SentinelNote: This message is displayed if (1) your browser is not standards-compliant or (2) you have you disabled CSS. Read our Policies for more information.
About Hoosier Women Speak
The Indiana Commission for Women developed Hoosier Women Speak to identify key issues facing women, understand critical needs women and communities perceive as important, build trust with constituents and build relationships with regional partners.
Between February and May 2011, the first phase, Hoosier INsight, was a series of seventeen regional listening sessions and accompanying online survey that categorized critical issues affecting women regionally and statewide. The facilitated conversations with constituents across Indiana helped to prioritize challenges women face and developed partnerships with key stakeholders to create a coordinated effort to move Indiana women forward.
The issues discussed were narrowed to the top five issues, which were: ways to remove barriers. They can also assist in informing leaders at the local, county and state levels of important challenges affecting women both regionally and statewide, in expanding coalitions and in building capacity to work across networks to improve outreach efforts.
If your community or group is interested in scheduling someone from ICW to present the Hoosier Women Speak findings or in hosting a listening session, please contact the Indiana Commission for Women at (317) 232-6720 or info@icw.in.gov.
Hoosier INsight Listening Sessions Synopsis
Individual Listening Session Reports:
Hoosier INsight Listening Sessions and Capacity Building Full Compilation Report and Appendices
Hoosier Women Speak Debrief Report
Hoosier Women Speak Final Report
If you have questions or would like more information on the project, please contact Kristin Svyantek Garvey at kgarvey@icw.in.gov or 317-232-6720.At the moment, devices with the MSI-X capability can request multipleinterrupts, but devices with MSI can only request one. This isn't aninherent limitation of MSI, it's just the way that Linux currentlyimplements it. I intend to lift that restriction, so I'm throwing outsome idea that I've had while looking into it.First, architectures need to support MSI, and I'm ccing the people whoseem to have done the work in the past to keep them in the loop. I dointend to make supporting multiple MSIs optional (the midlayer code willfall back to supporting only a single MSI).Next, MSI requires that you assign a block of interrupts that is a powerof two in size (between 2^0 and 2^5), and aligned to at least that powerof two. I've looked at the x86 code and I think this is doable there[1]. I don't know how doable it is on other architectures. If not, justignore all this and continue to have MSI hardware use a single interrupt.In a somewhat related topic, I really don't like the API forpci_enable_msix(). The all-or-nothing allocation and returningthe number of vectors that could have been allocated is a bit kludgy,as is the existence of the msix_entry vector. I'd like some advice on acouple of alternative schemes:1. pci_enable_msi_block(pdev, nr_irqs). If successful, updates pdev->irqto be the base irq number; the allocated interrupts are from pdev->irqto pdev->irq + nr_irqs - 1. If it fails, return the number ofinterrupts that could have been allocated.2. pci_enable_msi_block(pdev, nr_irqs, min_irqs). Will allocate atleast min_irqs or return failure, otherwise same as above.My design is largely influenced by the AHCI spec where the device canpotentially cope with any number of MSI interrupts allocated and willuse them as best it can. I don't know how common that is.One thing I do want to be clear in the API is that the driver can askfor any number of irqs, the pci layer will round up to the next power oftwo if necessary.I don't quite understand how IRQ affinity will work yet. Is it feasibleto redirect one interrupt from a block to a different CPU? I don't evenunderstand this on x86-64, let alone the other four architectures. I'mOK with forcing all MSIs in the same block to move with the one that wasassigned a new affinity if that's the way it has to be done.I'll leave it at that for now. I do have some other thoughts and ahalf-baked implementation, but this should be enough to be going alongwith.[1] The current scheme for assigning vectors on x86-64 will tend tofragment the space. However, the number of interrupts actually requestedon desktop-sized machines remains relatively small in comparison to thenumber of vectors available, and it is to be hoped that more and moredevices will use MSI anyway.-- Intel are signing my paycheques ... these opinions are still mine"Bill, look, we understand that you're interested in selling us thisoperating system, but compare it to ours. We can't possibly take sucha retrograde step."Finally, i built a standalone app of F A C E.
Although it doesn’t include entire project ,it has necessary functions to play.
Sadly, it only has Mac version now.
The package is big because it includes lots loops and sounds.
You will need web camera and Max Runtime to play with it.
This app is still on going. If you have any suggestions, please let me know!
I would love to know!!XFDL files are Extensible forms description language files.
Normally you would install PureEdge forms viewer on a M$ Windows machine but if you own a Mac it is a bit less supported.
I downloaded an Intel Mac version of PureEdge viewer but when I tried to install it but I got this error:
{mosimage}
Apparently the package installer is looking to see if you have OS 10.4 or the install will fail. You can get around this though.
--> Click here to download a pre-modified installation package and skip all the steps below <--
Note:
- I have only tested these instructions on an Intel based MacBook Pro running Snow Leopard (10.6.4) If your version is different and you get an error during install, click here to let me know
- Only the first page of the form is editable as the nav buttons inside the form do not function
- To save or print the form you must use the small buttons at the very top of the form (not the blue ones){mosimage}
- Below are the steps I took to modfiy the installer if you prefer to do it yourself
1. Download the original installation package here
2. Mount the dmg file
3. !!! Copy or drag the MacViewer.pkg file from the mounted image folder to your desktop or to your /tmp directory !!!
(!!!! This is an important step as you will not be able to SAVE the file while open in disk img that is mounted !!!!)
{mosimage}
4. Option click or Right-click the package and select Show Package Contents
5. In the window that opens, drill down: Contents -> Resources and option or right-click InstallationCheck -> select open with -> other
{mosimage}
6. In the search box, type textedit and click the open button
{mosimage}
(i used xcode but really you can use any text editor; textedit comes with Mac's by default.)
7. {mosimage}
Find both instances "10.4" as in above code and delete .4 so that you are left with "10".
If you can't find it, hold command and press F,type in 10.4 in the find box and 10 in the replace with box and click replace all button (this should trick the installer into thinking you have OS 10.4 installed no matter what version of OS X you have installed.)
9. Save the file, command + S, close your window and double click the MacViewer.pkg file and the installation should run without any problems. You won't be able to save the file if you are editing the MacViewer.pkg file that is in the dmg file. Refer to step 3.
10. It will prompt you to reboot. Once your computer boots back up, hold command and press space and type in IBM Workplace Forms Viewer.app and press <return>. The app installs to your home directory i.e “/Users/yourusernamehere/IBM Workplace Forms/ IBM Workplace Forms Viewer.app". You can try browsing to it with Finder.
If you are still having finding it, click here for better details on how to open and use the viewer.
If you are stuck, click here to Ask the Geek , and I will email you back with a solution. Please include the version of Mac you are using, OS version, and error message you are receiving.Breaking news – students at this university have sex.
Some of them might even be doing it right now as you read this; others could be masturbating or watching porn, probably at the same time.
Though this may come as a shock to certain members of our noble state legislature, most students are probably aware of these undeniable facts of college life. There is one fact, however, that my fellow students may not know.
UT was ranked 121st out of 140 universities in a sexual health assessment conducted by Trojan Condoms, trailing fellow SEC schools such as the University of Georgia (12), the University of Kentucky (44) and the University of Missouri (43).
One of the assessment's metrics analyzed the websites of each school's sexual health center. UT's equivalent – the Safety, Environment and Education Center – lists the following statements, among others, under its Wellness tab: "Abstinence is good and can happen at different times in life," and "The difference between true love and herpes is that herpes lasts forever!"
If those two statements strike you as peculiarly ineffective ways to advise young adults about sexual wellness – especially at a school with a low score in the sexual wellness category – then you'd be happy to know that a group of UT students has organized Sex Week (March 2-7) to foster a comprehensive and academically-informed conversation about sex, sexuality and relationships.
You'd be less happy to know that a group of legislators in Nashville are working to shut Sex Week down.
Led by our own state Sen. Stacey Campfield, R-Knoxville, the group of lawmakers has raised concerns over state funds appropriated to Sex Week.
Some $20,000 are coming from the University Programs and Services Fee – a pool generated from each student's $275 paid each semester; another $5,000 was granted by UT's Ready for the World campaign; and the History Department offered $500 to bring the "AIDS Quilt," a transportable memorial to more than 94,000 victims of the world's deadliest sexually transmitted disease.
In short, Sex Week uses .27 percent of student programming fees to educate our state's students on the one thing human life depends upon, the one thing American culture – rightly or wrongly – values the most.
Sounds like a great idea, and not just to me..
Subjects long held taboo – such as virginity, premature ejaculation, orgasms and sexual harassment – were explained by experts. Questions that needed more of a response than "Abstinence is good," were answered. For just a few days, the human sexual experience was celebrated, analyzed and respected as the vital biological and social tradition that it is.
So why are state legislators up in arms against Sex Week? Campfield and his cronies harp on its finances, but not a one of them seems to mind paying Butch Jones enough money to hold 120 Sex Weeks each year, so long as he gets the Vols to a bowl game come next January.
They also call into question the educational value of some of its programming, including lectures on pornography and female masturbation. But simply regurgitating the more traditional "birds and the bees" lecture no longer qualifies as sexual education. When we live with pornography constantly streaming, we should examine it; in a world of consistent sexual violence, independent female empowerment requires instruction.
These are issues that demand respectful, open and academic dialogue – not topics for the hushed, rushed confusion of bedroom whispers.
At the core of the political opposition, beneath the disguise of finances and programming, lies the expired validity of conservative ideology that would rather keep sex in the dark. We've seen it before in President George W. Bush's abstinence-only sex education in public schools and its subsequent failure to demonstrate a beneficial impact; we're seeing it now, in our own state, as Tennessee teachers face disciplinary action if they allow students to hold hands, kiss or hug – qualified in the state law as "gateway sexual activities."
Just last year, we saw this same issue – veiled under the auspices of state appropriations – force Chancellor Cheek to pull Sex Week's funding just two weeks before the events began. It was only thanks to private donations that Sex Week 2013 happened at all.
This year, Tennessee must fund Sex Week to demonstrate an effort to become a safer, more educated state. The current sexual education it offers seeks to repress, not enlighten. And that's not an education at all – it's reinforcement for a sex-negative culture that saw 28 female UT students report rape in 2012.
For those women; for the students having sex even now, as you read these words; for the sake of our health – UT needs Sex Week. And Sex Week needs you to defend it before the legislature tries to tear it apart, again.
Your state representative, Mr. Campfield, can be reached at (615) 741-1766, or by email at sen.stacey.campfield@capitol.tn.gov.
R.J. Vogt is a junior in College Scholars. He can be reached at rvogt@utk.edu.''Wiggle your magic fingers,'' said Mr. Paul, comedy magician at the Girard Free Library last month.
On command, the room filled with 6- to 12 year-olds raised their hands and wiggled their fingers to make the magic happen.
With the help of the children's ''magic fingers,'' Mr. Paul made multi-colored sponge balls disappear, commanded a rubber duck to tell the future and encouraged children to read their favorite books as part of the library's summer reading program, ''Make a Splash - Read.''
Elizabeth Carpenter, 8, of Cortland, makes magic happen with comedy magician Mr. Paul at the Girard Free Library June 30. Mr. Paul was at the library as part of the ‘‘Make a Splash’’ summer reading program.
RIGHT:?Caleb Maurice, 10, of Girard, impersonates a duck as magician Mr. Paul entertains children at the library. The summer reading program encompasses children, teens and adults to encourage reading and fun at the library through July.
Incorporating books and reading, the magician advised children, ''between F for fiction and N for non-fiction, is U and that spells FUN.''
Reading is fun, he told the group who sat diligently on the floor, laughing at his jokes and missteps and quickly raising their hands in hopes of being called to the front as a participant in the show.
The summer reading program is one of the many services still provided by the library, which has had to cut some programs due to funding cuts that forced area libraries to tighten their budgets.
''This program is sponsored by the Friends of the Library,'' said library director Rose Ann Lubert. ''If it wasn't for them, we wouldn't be able to do this,'' she said.
One of the programs cut for the summer was the children's storytimes, which included separate activities and storytelling for children of all ages and adults.
Storytimes are expected to resume the week after Labor Day beginning Sept. 13.
The Friends of the Girard Free Library sponsor many fundraising activities. Annual dues are $5 individual; $10 family; individual lifetime, $100; club, business or association, $25 and individual patron, $25. Printable membership forms are available online at or at the library, located at 105 E. Prospect St.
Library hours are 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through Wednesday; 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Thursday; 9 a.m. to 4 p .m. Friday; and 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday.
For more information on the library, its services and the summer reading programs, call 330-545-2508.
240 Franklin Street SE , Warren, OH 44483 |
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyAbstract
In translucent optical networks, the usage of sparse opto-electronic regenerators permits to overcome optical signal quality degradations. In dynamic translucent optical networks, where lightpaths are established upon request, regenerators can be effectively time shared. However, the current generalized multiprotocol label switching (GMPLS) protocol suite does not consider how to dynamically reserve and release shared regenerators and how to distribute regenerator availability information to network nodes. In this paper, four Translucent Lightpath Dynamic Provisioning (TLDP) schemes are proposed to establish lightpaths in dynamic distributed translucent optical networks. TLDP schemes differently combine the utilization of specific open shortest path first-traffic engineering (OSPF-TE) or resource reservation protocol-traffic engineering (RSVP-TE) extensions and shared regenerator availability information. Simulation results show that TLDP scheme based on OSPF-TE extensions obtains lower lightpath setup time, but higher control plane load than TLDP schemes based on RSVP-TE extensions. Moreover, schemes based on RSVP-TE extensions or on OSPF-TE extensions obtain the same lowest blocking probability.
© 2009 IEEEPDF ArticleLocation map showing access to Angel de Lloret Golf Course
The course at the Club de Golf Angel de Lloret was designed by Eugenio Aguado and is situated 1 Km inland from the Costa Brava at Lloret de Mar.
The par 72 course has a length of 4940 to 5862m.
Handicap 1 18 holes, 8Km north east of Mataro
Sant Vicenc de Montalt 18 holes, 7Km north east of Mataro, 35Km from Barcelona17 February 2003 00:00 [Source: ICB]
Polyether polyols' major use is in polyurethane polyurethane fibres.
Western Europe is the world's largest supplier accounting for about 36% of world capacity which stood at 5.7m* tonne/year in early 2002. West European production was just over 1.4m* tonne in 2001 with demand just over 1m* tonne and net exports of 394000* tonne. East European output was 44000* tonne versus demand of 142000* tonne. Players say demand has been flat in Europe for the last two years and no significant change is expected in 2003.
Restructuring in the last three years has included Huntsman's purchase of ICI, Bayer's purchase of Lyondell and Dow's acquisition of EniChem's polyurethane assets. Bayer closed its 95000 tonne/year plant in Rieme, Belgium, at the end of 2002. More consolidation, including the closure of small and inefficient plants, is expected in the future as producers continue to cut costs and analyse plant utilisation rates.
European prices are in the range E1150-1250/tonne for flexible polyols with speciality and rigid at E1400-1500/tonne. Producers announced an increase several times last year and were finally successful in raising prices in the second half, from an average E1050/ tonne. Producers say price erosion over the last few years and very high feedstock costs have hit margins badly and current levels are below reinvestment economics. Another price rise is being mulled for April.'s Impact technology is based on a zinc hexacyanocobaltate catalyst and has lower energy needs and waste.
Demand growth in western Europe is forecast at 2.5-3%/year through 2006, slower than in previous years. Growth in flexible foam will only be about 1.5%/year as the major markets like furniture and bedding will be stagnant or even decline, although the automotive sector will see further growth of about 2%/year. Consumption into rigid foam is expected to grow by an average 4%/year to 2006. The non-foam sector will see demand growth of 4.0-4.5%/year.
West European production will rise to over 1.6m tonne/year by 2006 to meet export demand from the faster-growing markets of eastern Europe, Africa and the Middle East.
Growth in Asia is put at 3-5%/year (excluding Japan) but the fastest growth is in China where demand will rise by 7-9%/year. Shell's complex being built in Huizhou, China, includes a 170000 tonne/year polyols plant with startup due in late 2005. Shell will also start up a 50000 tonne/year polymer polyols plant in Pernis, Netherlands, this year.
*data are for urethanes use only
SRI provided data for this report. Contact sales@sricThis application claims priority from U.S. Provisional Application Serial 7 7 2 eg., query be performed. FIG. 1 c.
An example of a telecast is as follows. sheet. 3. 3 c.. As shown in FIG. 3 c,). Phone lines 183 may be used for communication purposes. described in connection with FIGS. 1-3.
In the system of FIGS. 1-3, TML parsing engine in call server 18 includes the functionality necessary to generate the properly formatted transaction request as described above. For example, in connection with the embodiment described above, the TML parsing engine shown in FIG. 3 c, in the system shown in FIGS. 1-3, the interactive voice broadcasting system shown and described in FIGS. 5-6. FIGS. 5-6. FIG. 5 depicts a method of utilizing a voice service bureau according to one embodiment of the present invention. The method begins in step 810 with a request to place one or more telephone calls received through a computer network..October 8,
12:00pm - 1:00pm EST
Location
Teleconference
Chairman's Report - Michael Coates
- General 2015 planning, baseline budget, strategic goals
Vice Chairman's Report - Tom Brennan
- Nothing to report
Treasurer Report - Josh Sokol
Secretary Report- Tobias Gondrom
Updated from Members at Large - Fabio Cerullo, Eoin Keary, & Jim Manico
Reports
- Executive Director/Operations Update - 3rd Qtr Summary Report
- Financial Update - Jan-Sep2014 P&L
- Update & Next Steps with Project Review Committee - P.Ritchie
- add items
New Business
All active board proposals are listed here
- Fabio / Laura / P.Ritchie - Discussion & proposal on LATAM Tour 2015 Budget
- Ghana Chair - Request for $6-8K for Local OWASP event in Ghana. [1]
- P.Ritchie - Discussion & Next Steps on China Website Promoting OWASP
- P.Ritchie - Discussion & Next Steps for 2015 Strategic Planning & Budgeting
- [vote needed | discussion topic]
- Michael - OWASP Executive Director
Action Items
Announcements
Adjournment
- Next meeting date/time:Get started with Cappex to compare the SUNY College of Environmental Science and Forestry weather with your hometown!Create an account now!
Everything Syracuse university can do plus more.
There are free movie nights, clubs to join, and free buses to Destiny USA on Fridays and Saturdays. The Carrier Dome is right across the street where there are concerts, football, and basketball games. You can also head over to the ice rink for skating.
The Westcott Theatre is within walking distance of the university. If live bands aren't your thing there are always fraternity parties, bars on Marshall street, or clubs downtown.
Join a club, a sports team, and make as many friends as possible. With an endless amount of friends, you always have something to do.
For fun there are community service projects and trips to the state fair, skiing, snowboarding, hiking, etc.
There are a few student clubs and organizations you can join at ESF, and you have access to all of SU's clubs and organizations if you wish. You'll have to look around and find something that interests you. People tend to start up impromptu games on the quad, like the normal frisbee games and such. People in the dorms start card games or other games in the lobbies, or gather up to watch show premieres. Every Friday there is an Insomniacs event from 10PM-2AM in Marshall, each one has a different theme and is hosted by a different student club or organization, so they're cool to check out.
Syracuse has tons of stuff to do in the city...concerts, comedians,..etc. There are also plenty of clubs at ESF that you can join from trivia club to Engineers Without Borders.
There is a lot to do for fun on and off campus. There are many many events going on every weekend at both ESF and SU, so there is never a dull weekend in the city. Free buses run to Destiny USA mall every Friday and Saturday, so that is something fun to do as well! The huge cemetery behind the dorm hall is also a cool place to explore and relax in during the nice fall days before winter hits. It's a great study spot as well!
clubs and organizations host a lot of events, there are a lot of shopping places, cafes, food places, bars, tea-shops within a walk of campus. The Westcott Theater is close by and has some good (music) shows. The carousel mall is very close by car and there is a free bus there on weekends. Downtown has many hidden gems but many students don't venture down there often. The bus down there is sort of unreliable and you probably don't want to walk that far often, especially if you get sketched out by homeless people and beggars on the street. Much of the nightlife is based around the off-campus housing scene and SU frats/sororities. Personally, if you go to ESF, I would recommend staying away from the Greek life at SU, but if you are that kind of person, go for it. But there are parties going on off-campus every weekend and there are basement music shows going on a lot. But that's not all that off-campus offers because many clubs have off-campus events such as potlucks, movie nights, tea parties, and get together's.Home Recipes Ingredients Chocolate Recipes Chocolate Cake Recipes Share: Chocolate Cake Recipes To celebrate a birthday or for a guaranteed crowd-pleasing dessert, try chocolate cake. This wide variety of chocolate cake recipes includes every delectable option imaginable. Recipe Spotlight Kahlua Fudge Sheet Cake I make this cake for my grandsons. It's a quick and easy recipe that's perfect for chocolate and marshmallow cream lovers.—Nancy Heishman, Las Vegas, Nevada View Kahlua Fudge Sheet Cake Recipe Sign up for Our Recipeof the Day Newsletter New recipes and fan favorites delivering daily inspiration! SIGN UP More Chocolate Cake Recipes Sort: Highest Rated Alphabetical Contest Winning Newest < prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | ... | next > Chocolate Carrot Cake Chocolate Carrot Cake Finely shredding the carrots gives this cake an extra-nice texture. The walnuts sprinkled on top add crunch, but you can leave them off if you prefer. —Pamela Brown, Williamsburg, Michigan Chocolate Swirl Delight Chocolate Swirl Delight “I made a few alterations to a great recipe and ended up with an impressive dessert,” says Lynne Bargar from Saegertown, Pennsylvania. “Everyone loves its light texture and chocolaty flavor.” View Recipe Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT Banana Split Icebox Cake Banana Split Icebox Cake Salute Ohio's annual banana split festival with an easy version that turns graham crackers and toppings into icebox cake. —Shelly Flye, Bangor, Maine View Recipe Chocolate Bundt Cake Chocolate Bundt Cake." View Recipe Contest-Winning Moist Chocolate Cake Contest-Winning Chocolate Bavarian Torte Chocolate Bavarian Torte Whenever I take this torte to a potluck, I get so many requests for the recipe. —Edith Holmstrom, Madison, Wisconsin View Recipe < prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | ... | next > Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENTPhilip Johnson and Wes Fleming, red top, who will enter the Chelsea Flower Show in London. Photo: Eddie Jim
Going cold turkey is tough. Wes Fleming knows it. But he has to do it to protect his bank balance. And perhaps his sanity.
So what's the drug that he's been hooked on for the past decade? Believe it or not, it's a flower show.
Fleming, a nurseryman from Monbulk, has entered the prestigious Chelsea Flower Show in London nine times since 2004, at a total cost of more than $2 million to him and the family business.
He's promised his wife and family he'll quit this year, but only after one last extravagant tilt at the coveted Best in Show award for garden design. This time, he's splurging $2 million in one hit - half of which he's raised through sponsorships and donations.
''Chelsea is a drug,'' says Fleming, 50, whose efforts have brought him close to winning the title, with four gold medals and four silver-gilts. ''The thought of not being there is awful. I will miss it.''
It might seem strange to the uninitiated, but for horticultural cognoscenti, Chelsea is the hottest gig in the world - a kind of gardening Woodstock, where British celebrities rub shoulders with royalty, and designers hope for an inspection by the Queen.
Held in the grounds of the Royal Chelsea Hospital every May, gaining entry to the show - even as a spectator - is difficult. Tickets are sought months in advance and scalpers do a roaring trade. This year, the show celebrates its centenary and tickets sold out moments after their release.
For Fleming, the centenary celebrations make the event even more compelling.
''Being there is phenomenal,'' he says. ''It's not just the people you meet and the camaraderie but the pride and the whole experience, because we do think we represent our country … When you get people in the crowd wanting photos with you and the garden because they're proud to be Australian, that blows you away.''
Fleming runs Fleming's Nurseries in Monbulk, east of Melbourne, with his wife Paige, his parents and other family members. They are third-generation growers and wholesalers of deciduous fruit and ornamental trees and shrubs.
Fleming first entered a garden design at Chelsea in 2004 as a venture aimed at showcasing the Australian horticultural industry. It got into his blood: he'd hardly finished pulling that first garden down before he found himself asking leading garden designer Jack Merlo to come on board for another bid in 2005. He was hooked.
This year, he's asked award-winning designer Phillip Johnson to join him in one more attempt at beating the Brits at their own game. Then he'll give it away.
''Everyone who's been on this journey looks back on it with sheer amazement. But we've got to go cold turkey after this one and get it out of our systems,'' Fleming says of this final attempt.
Paige says the quest eats into their money and takes their minds away from the business for too long, and that he needs to spend more time with their two-year-old daughter, Aurelia, and prepare for another baby due in August.
Still, it seems likely that Fleming will be missed at Chelsea.
Television cameras record all the action (the BBC covers the show from the start of the builds, which take about 17 days, to its conclusion five days later) and Fleming hams it up to ensure coverage and encourage crowds to check out what the Aussies are doing. And they love it.
Anyone can apply to exhibit at Chelsea in the show garden section. It is then up to the hierarchy at Britain's Royal Horticultural Society, which runs the show, to decide who gets in. Fleming has never been knocked back. But with only 15 show garden entries this year, it's a tight field.
Of course, Fleming isn't the only one commanding attention. On opening day, the likes of Helen Mirren, Nigella Lawson, Twiggy, Lulu, Ringo Starr and Jamie Oliver swan around sipping champers and snacking on smoked salmon sandwiches.
Some of them have become gardeners in their own right and exhibited at Chelsea. Kim Wilde started a pop career in 1981 with the worldwide hit Kids in America. Now she's a successful garden designer, in between music gigs, with a gold medal to her name. (She's touring here in October, musically.)
Jo Wood, former wife of Rolling Stones wild man Ronnie, is a regular star at Chelsea. She has found a passion for gardening at her hunting lodge on the edge of London's Richmond Park.
But while the stars strut their stuff, it is the royals who are the main attraction, turning up every year. The Queen, as patron of the Royal Horticultural Society, does a traditional walkabout on opening day, and has visited the Flemings' garden a number of times.
It's always the icing on the cake, he says. (While he was struck dumb with nerves one year, requiring someone to step in to keep the conversation going, he can now chat to her with ease.)
When he didn't take a garden to Chelsea in 2009 because a third of his advanced fruit trees were destroyed in the Black Saturday bushfires, he received a letter from the Queen expressing her concern - a sentiment she reiterated when she visited his garden in 2010. This year, the Queen will again visit the Australian exhibit following a request from Fleming that she drop in for his last hurrah on the Chelsea stage.
''We told her that we had an incredible garden this year and we would love her to visit so we could thank her for her support. Her private secretary wrote back to say the Queen had read our letter with interest and personally asked the RHS that the Flemings' garden be included in her tour. It's quite unusual and a bit surreal.''
Fleming believes he has the best chance of achieving his goal this year with Johnson's sustainable garden. (Johnson is the darling of the sustainable set.) Inspired by the Kimberley region of Western Australia, his creation includes a lush desert gorge with massive boulders, a natural billabong and waterfalls using recycled water set against a backdrop of desert wilderness, and a native wildflower meadow.
Native trees feature strongly, including a collection of the fascinating Queensland bottle trees (Brachychiton rupestris), which were sourced in Sicily, and a studio pod in the shape of a waratah.
''I believe that what the judges will like with Phil's design is the natural landscape feel,'' says Fleming. ''It's not a traditional English garden but brings in unique Australian elements, including the wildflower meadow. One of the things that blew me away was the waratah pod. It's fabulous and Phil is determined that the Queen goes into it even if he has to carry her himself.
''We're not Black Caviar and probably the odds are 50-1, but it is a beautiful garden and Phil is so enthusiastic.
''I've never met anyone like him. He will do everything in his power to make it happen.''
The designers who work with Fleming are volunteers, working for the love - and the publicity boost if they win. Having a winning exhibit at Chelsea on your business card commands respect, such is its power in the horticultural world.
But for Fleming, winning would be the pinnacle of his nine-year campaign to highlight the Australian horticultural industry.
Winning with an antipodean design is particularly challenging. While the RHS does not provide a formal template for designers to follow, the unspoken brief is that the designs have a traditional English feel, says Fleming. This is at odds with the landscape he knows so well, but Fleming and his designers have tried to transcend that over the years through a variety of interpretations. It's a fine line to tread.
A criticism last year from London's Daily Telegraph, which sponsors a show garden every year, was that the Aussies had become boring, given their propensity to keep designing lifestyle gardens with pool, barbecue, pergola and entertaining area.
Fleming is philosophical about such criticism. ''That's their opinion. But ironically, in 2011, when we paid homage to English botanist Sir Joseph Banks using plants he'd brought back on the Endeavour, we were asked why we weren't doing an Australian lifestyle garden.''
Fleming believes Chelsea misses an opportunity to lead the world in garden design, with no allowance made for new ideas or pushing the boundaries.
''English designers are very cautious. Some have said they're quite jealous that the Australians can come in with these huge variations on design, but they feel they can't risk it. They have to stay within this traditional framework.''
The cost of putting together medal-winning show gardens has sparked some intense Fleming family discussions. After the first attempt in 2004, a few in the family protested. ''Not everyone agreed, is a nice way of putting it,'' Fleming says. ''The way I have tried to justify the cost to myself and the family is that it's a long-term investment in our future as horticulturists, but I was accused of being a bulldozer as I pushed through with it!''
Never at any stage was the viability of the business threatened, Fleming says. ''It's just made it tough, but our main commitment as a family is to the 100 employees we employ and their families.
''I wish the government and industry would take it over. It's so worthwhile to the country and the nursery industry to be in an event like Chelsea, but you can't expect an individual company to keep footing the bill.''
The Australians will be competing against 14 other designers - including a garden supported by Prince Harry in memory of his mother, Princess Diana.
Johnson, who holds Fleming's fate in his hands, admits the pressure is immense. It's his first time as a designer at Chelsea and Fleming's last attempt, so he says he's been as prepared as he can be: he left for London last month and started building this week.
He did a mock build of the design last year in Scotland, but he's worried about the bedding plants that have been growing in the UK, which has just shivered through its coldest winter for decades.
Apart from showcasing the Australian landscape, Johnson thinks his integrated water management plan will be a strong selling point - the RHS has deemed sustainability as the key message at this year's show. The billabong will be filled with 100,000 litres of water recycled from the nearby media tent and surrounding marquees.
Fleming leaves for London shortly in readiness for the judging on May 20 - and to see the Queen.
He admits a well of sadness at the show being nearly over for him.
''It's always a hard slog to get there but once there it becomes all-consuming. I know I'll be bored but Chelsea is not the end for us. The race has been run and it's time to move onto the next thing. We won't fade into oblivion. We have other things to do.''The USS Stout and USS Elord escorted the North Korean-flagged vessel back toward Libya last week. The embassy said the transfer occurred in international waters off the northern coast of Libya without incident.
"We have been assured by the government of Libya that the captain, crew members, and Libyan nationals who were aboard the stateless tanker will be treated humanely in accordance with internationally recognized standards of human rights," the U.S. Embassy in Tripoli said Sunday.
Morning Glory was loaded with oil in mid-March from a rebel-held port in eastern Libya. U.S. Navy SEALs intervened last week to intercept the ship at the request of the Libyan government.
No shots were fired in the incident.
Morning Glory's.
[Star and Stripes]6th Annual Peace on Earth Film Festival
Thursday, March 6 – Sunday 9, 2014 @ 6:00pm – 11:00pm
Event Info
Admission
FREE
Venue
Chicago Cultural Center's Claudia Cassidy Theater
78 E. Washington Street
Chicago,
IL
60602
Presenter
Transcendence Global Media
773.273.1598.
____________________________________.Beverly Hills, 90210 1990 | TV Show Watchlist
Season 6, Episode 18 Snowbound
First Aired: January 17, 1996
Joe's condition becomes an issue between Brandon and Susan; Valerie (Tiffani-Amber Thiessen) shares her suspicion that Kelly's using cocaine; Clare and Steve go to traffic school and wind up on a TV talk show. Lou: Emily Cutler. Max: Steve Vinovich. Dr. Martin: Michael Durrell. Susan: Emma Caulfield.
Guest Cast
Emma Caulfield Emma Caulfield Susan
Jason Wiles Jason Wiles Colin
Emily Cutler Emily Cutler Lou NebittsGuide to EU dividend withholding tax reclaims
European investment funds have been filing claims for refunds of dividend withholding tax (WHT) for many years. The legitimacy of these so-called EU WHT reclaims has been delineated by several rulings from European courts.
In 2012 and 2013, courts have consistently established that it is discriminatory and contrary to the free movement of capital principle for EU Member States to impose a higher level of taxation on dividends from portfolio investments paid to non-residents.
A recent ruling (in the FIM Santander case) bolsters this position further, reinforcing the filing position of EU investment funds with regard to EU WHT reclaims. This increases the likelihood that standing claims will be honored soon — and may clear a path for non-EU resident funds to also file EU WHT reclaims.
9 steps to take for dividend withholding tax reclaims
Billions of Euros may be eligible for dividend withholding tax reclaims. Statutes of limitation, however, restrict the periods for which claims can be made. Funds that don’t monitor these windows may miss opportunities.
We’ve identified nine important actions to help you understand the issue and take action:
- Determine EU jurisdictions where non-EU investment funds have suffered WHT on their income.
- Ascertain whether the non-EU investment fund can be considered “comparable” to a fund domiciled in the source investment jurisdiction.
- Determine whether a “comparable” fund domiciled in the source investment jurisdiction received a higher post-tax dividend than the EU investment fund.
- Evaluate whether more-favorable treatment of the domestic fund is compatible with the free movement of capital principle.
- Where considered incompatible, quantify the amount of WHT that could be claimed by the non-EU investment fund to put the fund in the same position as the domestic investment fund (taking into account the statute of limitations).
- Perform a comprehensive cost-benefit analysis (including the likelihood of success and the potential repayment time frame).
- Gather any necessary documentation (which may be held by third parties such as custodians) to support the claim.
- Track the progress of filed claims, and consider ongoing annual filings in certain countries.
- Monitor case law, as well as legislative and administrative practice developments. Review cost-benefit analyses to identify additional claims opportunities.
Want to learn more? Contact a leader from our Global Asset Management practice, and see how EY can help you with this complex issue.Superman Returns Star Brandon Routh Weds
Superman Returns star Brandon Routh wed actress Courtney Ford Saturday at the 3,000-acre Santa Barbara-area El Capitan Ranch of movie producers Jon and Mindy Peters. The 150 guests including Superman costar Kate Bosworth and director Bryan Singer watched as Routh, 28, and Ford, 29, recited their vows (which they wrote themselves), Entertainment Tonight reports. The bride wore a white Junko Yoshioka gown with Chantilly lace and intricate platinum beading, as well as a diamond and platinum ring and a pair of pave diamond and platinum drop earrings by Neil Lane. Mindy Peters told The Insider she and her husband added a man-made lake, rock walls and waterfalls and fountains to shoot water on cue when Routh kissed the bride. (Firecrackers also went off at the big moment.) Total cost: About $1 million. At the reception held in a nearby large white tent featuring silk brown tablecloths, bamboo chairs, candles and red rose petals on each table, Routh serenaded his new wife, according to ET. The food, catered by Frida of Beverly Hills, included a six-tier vanilla cake (adorned with red roses) and a donut machine.The Office of Sponsored Projects (OSP) serves as the coordinating office for externally funded research and sponsored projects at Texas State University. The goal of the OSP is to assist faculty and professional research staff in their efforts to secure and ensure proper stewardship of external funding. OSP brings together expertise with a focus on consistent and efficient procedures to enhance research administration and reduce administrative burden.Maternal health care in Indian districts
Health plays an important role in economic well-being. The relationship between poor health and poverty is multifaceted. Globally, reproductive health conditions are the second highest cause of ill health. This study uses district-level data from India to investigate how an index of maternal health care is impacted by the rate of poverty, and a development index based on the performance in electrification, sanitation and safe drinking water. The initial results from a linear regression model show that maternal health care improves by 0.617 percentage point for every 1 percentage point increase in development intervention but by only 0.078 percentage point for every 1 percentage point decline in poverty rate. After checking for possible simultaneity problem between maternal health care index (MHCI) and poverty rate, it is revealed that the low negative relationship between poverty and MHCI at the initial stage does not hold any more while the district development index continues to show the considerable and statistically significant impact. The findings underscore the need for direct government intervention in improving maternal health care in Indian ()
Pages: 290-296
References listed on IDEAS
Please report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on "citations" and make appropriate adjustments.:
- Schultz, T.P., 2000. "Health and Schooling Investments in Africa," Papers 549, Yale - Economic Growth Center.
- T. Paul Schultz, 1999. "Health and Schooling Investments in Africa," Journal of Economic Perspectives, American Economic Association, vol. 13(3), pages 67-88, Summer.
- Quamrul H. Ashraf & Ashley Lester & David N. Weil, 2009. "When Does Improving Health Raise GDP?," NBER Chapters, in: NBER Macroeconomics Annual 2008, Volume 23, pages 157-204 National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc.
- Quamrul H. Ashraf & Ashley Lester & David N. Weil, 2008. "When Does Improving Health Raise GDP?," NBER Working Papers 14449, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc.
- Quamrul Ashraf & Ashley Lester & David Weil, 2008. "When Does Improving Health Raise GDP?," Working Papers 2008-7, Brown University, Department of Economics.
-.
- Bhargava, Alok & Jamison, Dean T. & Lau, Lawrence J. & Murray, Christopher J. L., 2001. "Modeling the effects of health on economic growth," Journal of Health Economics, Elsevier, vol. 20(3), pages 423-440, May.
-:eee:hepoli:v:103:y:2011:i:2:p:290-296..Rihanna, Whitney, Madonna and Adele
Image: Getty Images
Adele with her six (count them!) Grammys..
Finally, there was the stunning performance by the young superstar Adele, winner of a “ridiculous” (her words) six Grammy. Here’s what I loved about her performance: it was all about her amazing voice, which, astonishingly enough, is what singing is supposed to be about. Only, in recent years it really hasn’t been. American pop music culture has become so much about body, female sexuality and suggestiveness and so little about actual musical ability. And there was Adele, a big, healthy woman with a big voice, standing and singing with her fabulous back-up singers, being the extraordinary singer she is rather than writhing around stage, swinging from poles, swiveling her hips and shimmying her chest while wearing some skimpy get-up. She just sang. I love that. And she was dressed normally, too, not in some leave-nothing-to-the-imagination get-up but in a simple black dress that let you focus entirely on her music.
This is all in striking contrast, I might add, to Madonna’s Super Bowl performance last week. Not only was Madonna’s new Super Bowl song unimpressive musically, but the whole retro-cheerleader theme was just so sad and superficial. Add to that Madonna’s idiotic lyrics, “Don’t play the stupid game, cause I’m a different kind of girl” — and we have really got a gender problem. I wish someone would remind Madonna that she is not a “girl” but a 50-plus woman. Madonna is pathetically stuck in the idea that the only kind of musical performance is the kind that turns the singer into a waif-like sex toy.
Madonna has the status, wealth, freedom and creativity to do almost anything she wants. All she has to do is speak and people will listen. She should really allow herself to evolve into an adult woman. She can take on social issues like gender empowerment or social justice and make a difference. Other women have grown up from being “girls” to being mature and sophisticated in their messages. Take Mary J. Blige, for example, who espouses great feminist messages in her music, or Angelina Jolie, who takes on serious global issues. Watching Madonna idealize the teenage cheerleader was just a little sad, and a huge waste of her power.
The fact is, we need alternative models of femininity, even in pop culture, models not built around sexuality or victimhood, but around strength, skill and power. We need to see women who are not afraid to be genuinely great at what they do, to be passionate, strong and expressive.Tag
w-inds. announce new single & album + hall tour
w (Think you're smarter than your friends? Prove it by tackling Sport24's almost impossible yet highly addictive quiz!.
24.com publishes all comments posted on articles provided that they adhere to our Comments Policy. Should you wish to report a comment for editorial review, please do so by clicking the 'Report Comment' button to the right of each comment.Our Precious Angel, A’tiona Jade “Tee-Dee” Brown, 19, of Sandusky, went home to be with her Lord and Savior on Oct. 31, 2012.
She was born March 17, 1993, in Sandusky, to Melonne (Brown) Pope and Demetrick Clinton. A’tiona graduated from Sandusky High on May 27, 2012.
She was a member of Greater Faith Church, where she accepted our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. She loved her family and friends and always had a smile on her face. So humble and sweet, yet she was a diva extraordinaire. She also loved taking pictures — that was just the Diva in her. She loved to have fun whenever she could with her “besties and bros”. She also loved attending church and Sunday dinners at her Big Granny’s. One of her favorite sayings was, “Whatever!”
She leaves to cherish her memory, her parents, Robert and Melonne Pope; Dad, Demetrick (Ta’Shonya) Clinton; natural father, Demorris McDonald; sister, Davionne Bonds; brother, Robert Pope II; niece, A’maia Bonds; maternal grandparents, Lawrence (Vanessa) Jordan, of Sandusky; paternal grandparents, Mike (Dorothy) Lofties, of Sandusky, and Melvin (Shelly) Reynolds, of Cottage Grove, Minn.; maternal great-grandmother, Lois Brown; aunt, Lois C. Brown; uncles, George (Natalie) Brown and Lawrence (Tierra) Jordan Jr.; great-great-aunt and uncle, Christanella and Roosevelt Rogers; great-great-great aunt, Mary Morris; her best and special friend, Kaelin Portor; and a host of family and friends.
She was preceded in death by her maternal great-grandfather, George Brown; paternal great-grandparents, James and Minnie McCray; great aunts, Deidra Brown, Laurie Coleman, Rosettea McCray and O’dessa McCray.
Friends may call from 11 a.m. Friday, Nov. 9, until funeral services at 1 p.m. at Providence Missionary Baptist Church, 222 Dixie Ave., Sandusky. The Rev. Kerrin Robinson will officiate. Burial will follow in Perkins Cemetery. Toft Funeral Home & Crematory, 2001 Columbus Ave., Sandusky, is assisting the family with arrangements. Condolences may be shared at toftfh.com.What is the program?
Shelton State’s Drafting program prepares students for careers as drafters in engineering related trades or as technicians who link the skilled worker with the engineer or architect. Instruction includes fundamentals of drafting, multi-view drawing, pictorial drawing and dimensioning. The program also emphasizes engineering production drafting, structural steel detailing, industrial pipe drafting, civil and map drafting, machine drafting and architectural drafting. At Shelton State, students will learn to work hand-in-hand with engineers and architects. Students will also have the opportunity to work on the latest computer-aided software using AutoCAD, AutoCAD Mechanical Desktop, AutoCAD Architectural Desktop and AutoCAD Land Development.
When is the program offered?
Courses are taught year round during the day and evening for full-time and part-time students to accommodate a wide range of schedules.
What awards does the program lead to and how long does it take?
Students may earn a Certificate or Drafting program. Although not required, students may receive college credit while in high school with participation in the Tech Prep Program and successful completion of a competency test.
What jobs will this program prepare me for?
Typical positions include mechanical drafter, architectural drafter, civil drafter, industrial pipe drafter, structural steel drafter, checker, design drafter, quality control inspector, computer aided/drafting technician, and estimator. Employers prefer applicants for drafting positions to have post high school training, preferably at a technical or community college.
Name: Gary McQuaig
Telephone: 205.391.2432
Office: Martin Campus
9500 Old Greensboro Rd
Tuscaloosa, AL 35405
205.391.2211
Web Design by In10sity
Check us out on these social networks:By clicking the “Submit” button, you agree to Avvo’s Terms of Use. Please see our Community Guidelines and Privacy Policy for information on posting to Avvo and how we collect, use, and share information you provide to us.
5111 Millrock RdNew Waterford, OH 44445
Licensed for 48 years
Go back to John’s profile.This is ADF Architecture TV
By Chris Muir-Oracle on Jul 17, 2013 ADF Architecture TV YouTube channel.!)
The complete set of topics to be covered is currently indexed on the ADF Architecture Square.THE first week of January is always one of the best for new movies as The King’s Speech proved last year and The Iron Lady and Mother and Child are doing likewise in 2012.
The danger is that there will always be an exception to every rule – and Goon is the most distasteful film I’ve ever seen kick-starting a year.
But it doesn’t just put the boot in. There are punch-ups galore, too.
Welcome to the frozen world of north American sport which reminds us why clattering a puck around a rink is not called ‘nice hockey’.
Adapted from a book by Adam Frattasio and Doug Smith, Goon is based on the true story of a thug who courted popularity as a vicious ‘enforcer’.
Doug Glatt (Seann Patrick Scott) is a bouncer at a nightclub in Orangetown, Masachusetts.
Once he latches on to ice hockey and proclaimed to have been ‘touched by the first of God’, he channels his taste for violence in ever more inventive and brutal ways.
All for the sake of the team, of course.
Doug’s behaviour naturally alienates him from Jewish parents (Eugene Law, Ellen David) who wonder why he doesn’t become a doctor like his gay bro, Ira (David Paetkau).
But there might be salvation with love interest Eva (Alison Pill) if only she can lose her own boyfriend.
Buried deep inside Goon, there’s an antidote to most American sports movies trying to get out.
Any sign of enlightenment though, is hammered away with just another series of jaw-dropping punches.
At one level this is a film where the violence has horrible consequences, yet on others there seems to be no permanent damage done at all.
In other words, it’s a mind-numbing celebration of the type of brainless machismo which can have devastating effects if translated on to the streets when the pubs close.
Senseless, puerile and downright nasty, Goon even includes spitting in people’s faces inside a flat.
Scott is a decent actor who can also appeal to those who want the dumb end of comedy.
He deserves better than a film which will leave many viewers simply feeling nauseous.Greetings,
Since I've upgraded my primary DAC I haven't been using this one leaving it in storage. There are many good reviews of this DAC, it's a TDA1543 NOS design and includes the power supply. The LED is still intact but recessed from the foothole which gives it a much more acceptable glow for use in dark rooms while still retaining its good looks.
PIC:
(Power isn't connected in this photo, but I can take a pic that may give an idea if requested. DC adapter included of course.)
I'm asking $200/reasonable offers, or trades I find interesting.
Trades that come to mind:
Headphones:
AKG K701
Beyerdynamic DT48E
Maybe other similar headphones, PM me for interest check.
Source:
Maybe a wireless squeezebox - depends.
Amps:
Speaker amps capable of doing 4ohms (no-T variants please).
Of course there may be other items I'd consider, so drop me a PM.
My Feedback on this site:
Edited by Shike - 1/22/11 at 4:00pmLilongwe — President Joyce Banda will not succumb to pressure from Civil Societies Organizations (CSO) to resign from presidency seat as the constitution clearly stipulates that her office will not at single minute remain vacant.
Minister of Information and Civic Education, Brown Mpinganjira explained at a briefing held in Lilongwe on Wednesday that government was surprised to note some CSOs ganging against the President forcing her to leave office when the laws of the land are clear on the matter.
"Though I did not listen to the programme, I am shocked to hear that some civil society organizations held a meeting trying to strategize on how they could push the President out of her seat.
"This is impractical; the constitution has explained very clearly that the seating President seizes to be a leader of a country once a new President has been sworn in," Mpinganjira said.
He further said, "In this regard, President Dr. Joyce Banda will not be forced until such a time when we have a new president something which could happen this year, in five years time or even ten years to come."
The information Minister asked the concerned civil societies to revisit the constitution and have a clear interpretation on what it states about the seating President especially in regards to when he/she expresses interests to contest in the elections.
COS lead by Mbvuto Bamusi are requesting for President Banda's resignation since she holds a public office. The group holds that by clinging to Presidency, Banda was violating the constitution of the land.
Minister of Justice, Fahad Asssani quashed the claim by civil society organizations and requested them to clearly understand what the constitution states as they could be ignorant of the laws.
Maxwell Mbendera, SC, Malawi Electoral Commissioner has been quoted in the media saying the office of the President cannot be vacant. Mbendera said the incumbent president only resigns when a new President is sworn in.
During the conference, Mpinganjira appealed to opposition parties not to use the civil society to gain sympathy. In a related development, the Information Minister pleaded with political parties in the country to utilize Malawi Broadcasting Corporation since it is a public entity.AEOLDOS is lightweight, foldable ‘aerobrake' for CubeSats and small satellites. Once the spacecraft.
AEOLDOS is an off-the-shelf standard product developed by the University of Glasgow and Clyde Space, and offered for sale by Clyde Space. Flight ready versions are expected to be available from the end of 2013. Please contact Clyde Space for more information.Employee Alex Murray, right, looks on as Effingham, Ga., resident Timothy Kirkland, left, examines a semi-automatic AK-47 during a Black-Friday sale at Palmetto State Armory in Okatie.
Palmetto Indoor Range & Sporting Goods employee Ryan Tuyls cleans and inspects and AR-15 for a customer after test-firing the rifle at the shop's indoor range Fr.
Fears that Democrats will reintroduce a ban on assault weapons have led to a surge in sales across the country, and that includes gun stores in Beaufort and Jasper counties.
U.S. gun sales are up in the wake of President Barack Obama's re-election Nov. 6, driven by worries he will be more aggressive about gun regulations in his second term, especially for firearms that might be classified as assault weapons, according to the National Shooting Sports Foundation and national news outlets.
Such concerns are widely recognized as the cause of a similar increase in firearm sales when Obama was first elected in 2008.
Ed Soto, CEO of Palmetto Indoor Range & Sporting Goods in Hardeeville, said demand for semiautomatic rifles is being stoked by comments from Democrats and Obama about reintroducing an assault weapon ban enacted by former President Bill Clinton.
That ban, which expired in 2004, didn't eliminate the weapon-- but it did restrict their features, limit magazine capacity and regulate pistol grips, bayonet attachments and suppressors.
Obama largely avoided the issue of gun control during his first term, but recent mass shootings -- notably a July 20 rampage at a cinema in Aurora, Colo., that killed 12 -- have brought the debate on guns back to the forefront, according to some gun-rights advocates.
Although little has been done by the White House to tighten gun control, during the Oct. 16 presidential debate, Obama clarified past statements that he would keep AK-47s "out of the hands of criminals."
He said "weapons that were designed for soldiers in war theaters don't belong on our streets."
The president also said he wants "a broader conversation about how do we reduce the violence generally. Part of it is seeing if we can get an assault-weapons ban reintroduced."
As a result, sales of AK-47 and AR-15 rifles have picked up considerably, said Soto, of Palmetto Indoor Range & Sporting Goods. Sales overall have doubled since Obama's election in 2008, he said.
"Assault weapons have always been popular, but they're even bigger sellers now," he said. "I am constantly trying to replenish my stock, and I can't because wholesalers are selling out. My Smith & Wesson rep says they're building them as quick as they can, but there's too much demand for their supply."
Soto said customers also are skeptical of a proposed United Nations small-arms treaty, which the National Rifle Association strongly opposes. U.S. officials have said the treaty would have no effect on domestic gun sales or ownership because it would apply only to exports.At Palmetto State Armory in Okatie, customers were snatching up handguns during the store's "tax-free" Black Friday sale.
Customers lined up at 5:15 a.m. before doors opened at 6 a.m., manager Bill Turcotte said.
"Our sales are up about 30 percent since the election," Turcotte said. "Many of the purchases are handguns for home protection. People fear, with the economy still in a rut, that robberies, burglaries and home break-ins will continue to rise. We've seen a substantial increase, for example, in retirees and women buying handguns to protect themselves, as well as training to use them."
Sales of ammunition has skyrocketed, as well, and the shop's concealed-weapons classes are booked two to three months in advance, he said.
Customer, gun owner and Sun City Hilton Head resident Loren Power said he fears Obama will run tighter gun-control laws through Congress, making it more difficult to own a semiautomatic version of military rifles, specifically the AR-15.
"They tried to ban them once before, and it didn't work," Power said. "But with (Obama) back in office, I fear they will get it passed. A friend of mine actually bought three of them and 5,000 rounds of ammunition. ... He said one is for him, and the others are to sell on the black market when Obama bans them."
Effingham, Ga., resident Timothy Kirkland, who looked at the armory's AK-47s but walked away with only ammunition and a rifle grip, said he shares those fears.
Radford, Va., resident Kevin Gillies, however, isn't swayed by the hysteria.
"I don't feel my gun rights are in jeopardy," said Gillies, who shot handguns at Palmetto Indoor Range with his nephew, whom he was visiting for the holidays. "I think a lot of it is NRA scare tactics."
Related content:
Local shooting range hosts women-only class: Aug. 27, 2012Currently a Customer? Login Here
* Indicates a required field.
This wine club is a taste of the sweet life! Each month, you'll receive 2 different bottles of our most-popular white, rose and dessert wines, including our Gamay Rouge, Rieslings and Muscat as well as our other sweet varieties. Each two bottle order will range from $45 to $75 per month, which includes shipping.adidas Sambas Move Stones in Work Relation, 2014 Video
Posted: July 17, 2014 at 4:50 pm
adidas collaborated with performance artist Marina Abramovic to recreate her 1978 ‘Work Relation’ video in a view ‘reimagined through the lens of the 2014 World Cup.’
It is not surprising in the re-creation that the 11 players in the video are all wearing either black or white adidas Samba shoes. The clean look of the Sambas fits in perfectly with the black-and-white video and stark backdrop.
The video highlights the power of teamwork.
The 11 players were split into 3 teams – a team ‘chain’ of 7 people, and 2 teams of 2 people each. The 3 teams have the task of transporting rocks from one side of the ‘field’ to the other. In the end it is shown that the team of 7 is more efficient and has the most stamina.
After focusing in on Abramovic, overseeing the project, the entire 11 end up walking together toward the camera as the text ‘Work Relation, 2014’ is shown on the screen followed by adidas slogan ‘all in or nothing.’
“One similarity between performance and sport that I wanted to highlight in this video is the importance of group collaboration,” Abramović told designboom.
The video has its share of critics who claim the video only commercializes her artwork.
What do you think of the video? Selling out or pretty cool?
adidas Samba shoes are available at WorldSoccerShop.comLondon, Jan 3: Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's adopted son Pax ruined the festive flavour by saying that Santa was dead to him on Christmas Eve.
The nine-year-old boy joined his star parents, his five siblings - plus members of Pitt's side of the family - on a holiday in the Turks and Caicos Islands in the Caribbean.
And according to Pitt's niece Josie Neal, he didn't bring much festive spirit, the Sun reported.
She tweeted a quote made by Pax during a meal on the beach on the night of December 24, "Santa is dead to me." (ANI)When I put a call for help out there last night—WHAT SHOULD I BLOG ABOUT?—I got an answer from a friend of mine. She suggested that I write down random thoughts over the course of 24 hours. 493 more words
10 Things That Baseball Idioms Have Taught Me
My second novel, Baseball Girl, has been prepped and is almost ready to make its appearance on Amazon. The main character, Francesca Milli, learns a few things from her love of baseball in the novel, as you will see if you decide to read it. 235 more words
The Worst Part About Writing
* * *
Yes, I’m still at tonight. Working diligently on my collection right now.
However, the worst part about writing is that you get attached and stupidly emotional about the characters you create. 91 more words
Preparing to Launch! A Personal Letter to Readers.
Dear Readers,
I don’t often go on and on about all the different responsibilities an independent author has to tackle on a daily basis, but none is greater than getting your books ready for that “big release.” I can see the finish line. 196 more words
What. 469 more words
My Latest Author Crush
Markus Zusak is attractive, intelligent, in touch with human nature, deeply evocative with his use of language, and has had me thinking about the story he wrote for a good, solid week now. 421 more words
The Final Trailer for Baseball Girl
Happy Friday, everyone!
Today, I’m posting the trailer for my upcoming novel Baseball Girl, which will be released next month. While it’s certainly a contemporary romance, it’s also about the love a girl has for her father, with baseball as the perfect backdrop. 9 more wordsImages: Beyond the Horizon - Panama 2013 [Image 1 of 5]
Photo by Sgt. Justin Morelli
A Panamanian elementary school teacher and U.S. Army 1st Lt. Loren Teillon speak to a class as students listen and observe 1 of 5], by SSG Justin Morelli, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Date Taken:04.01.2013
Date Posted:04.09.2013 13:16
Photo ID:903357
VIRIN:130401-A-PP104-024
Resolution:5616x3744
Size:5.67 MB
Location:ESCOBAR, PA
Hometown:SUWANEE, GA, US
Gallery Images
Options
Steve Nash will be out another week after having a small fracture on his left leg, reported Fox Sports.
Nash who got hurt in a accident with Portland Trailblazer Damian Lillard on Wednesday night, reported Fox Sports.
According to a statement release by the team, the L.A Times reported "small non-displaced fracture in the head of his fibula."
Nash missed already the Lakers' 105-95 loss against the Clippers on Friday night, reported Fox Sports.
Nash is going to be out for the games against the Detroit Pistons, Utah Jazz and Golden State Warriors Golden., reported L.A Times.THE TILLE THEKERS
Maria, Josep,obstetrix, puer natus iacens in presepio inter
bovem et asinum, et angelus loquens pastoribus, et ludentibus,
in pagina sequente.
JOSEPH¶All wielding God in Trinity,
I pray thee, Lord, for thy great might,
Unto thy simple servant see,
Here in this place where we are pight,
Ourselves alone.
Lord, grant us good harbour this night
Where we have gone.
For we have sought both up and down,
Through divers streets in this city;
So much people is come to town,
That we can nowhere harboured be,
There is such press.
Forsooth I can no succour see
But shelter with the beasts.
And if we here all night abide,
We shall be stormed here in this stead;
The walls are down on every side,
The roof is ruined above our head,
As I may rue.
Say, Mary, daughter, what is thy rede?
How shall we do?
For in great need now are we stead,
As thou thyself in sooth mayest see;
For here is neither clothes nor bed,
And we are weak and all weary,
And fain would rest.
Now, gracious God, for thy mercy
Guide us the best.
-94-Atomic)
Solid performer
By dangler88
from Vancouver Isle
About Me Advanced
Best boots I've worn in my 30 years of skiing. Narrowish feet and calves.
Bottom Line Yes, I would recommend this to a friend
Was this review helpful? Yes / No
- You may also flag this review
Fantastic quality!
By Clarence
from Los Angeles, California
I've only taken them out once so far for a short while, and they did a good job of keeping my feet warm. They are incredibly sturdy. My only real gripe is I haven't broken them in yet, so they feel tight and I had to unbuckle them after every run. Other than that: solid construction, doesn't look ugly, comes with Recco technology, good stuff.
Like a Glove
By crimeprophet
from New Brunswick, Canada
This boot fits like a glove. Love how it locks my heal in place. Very high quality. Perfect flex for my 5'9, 225lbs, aggressive style. Looks even better in person too.
Cooooool boots
By Kley
from Chicago
About Me Intermediate
Great boots fits well im very happy with my purchase EVO rocks fast shipping and great price
Radical boots!!!
By Northwest Skier
from Portland, Oregon
About Me Expert
These boots have far exceeded any expectations that I had when I purchased them...and speaking of purchase - EVO has by fare the best cost I could find anywhere.
Ski shoes
By Dinovicius
from Il
About Me Beginner
I haven't ski with them yet so my review is probably not very accurate.BEFORE THE ARBITRATOR
In the Matter of the Arbitration of a Dispute Between
FALL RIVER EDUCATION ASSOCIATION
and
SCHOOL DISTRICT OF FALL RIVER
Case 14
No. 63851
MA-12729
(Steven Sauer Non-Renewal)
Appearances:
Lucy T. Brown, Legal Counsel, Wisconsin Education Association Council, on behalf of the Fall River Education Association.
Lathrop & Clark, Attorneys at Law, by Shana R. Lewis, on behalf of the School District of Fall River.
ARBITRATION AWARD
The School District of Fall River, hereinafter the District, and the Fall River Education Association, hereinafter the Association, jointly requested that the Wisconsin Employment Relations Commission provide a panel of staff arbitrators from which the parties could select an arbitrator to hear and decide the instant dispute. The undersigned, David E. Shaw, was selected to arbitrate in the dispute. Hearing was held before the undersigned on November 4 and November 6, 2004 in Fall River, Wisconsin. A stenographic transcript was made of the hearing and the parties completed the submission of post-hearing briefs by February 22, 2005.
Based upon the evidence and arguments of the parties, the undersigned makes and issues the following Award.
6887
Page 2
MA-12729
ISSUE
The parties agreed there are no procedural issues, but could not agree on a statement of the substantive issues and agreed the Arbitrator will frame the issues to be decided: (1)
The District proposed the following statement of the issue:
"Did the Fall River School District have good reason to non-renew the individual teaching contract of Steve Sauer in order to issue him a reduced contract in the areas in which he was certified when Mr. Sauer had advised the District that he had no intention of taking the necessary credits in order to renew his emergency license in English for the 2004-2005 school year?"
The Association proposed the following statement of the issue:
"Did the Fall River School District have just cause to non-renew the teaching contract of Steven Sauer for the 2004-2005 school year?"
For the reasons discussed below, the Arbitrator concludes that the following states the issue to be decided:
Did the District have good reason to non-renew the teaching contract of Steve Sauer for the 2004-2005 school year?
CONTRACT PROVISIONS
The parties' 2001-2003 Agreement provides, in relevant part:
ARTICLE II
MANAGEMENT RIGHTS
The Fall River School Board the Agreement.
These rights include, but are not limited by enumeration, to the following rights:
Page 3
MA-12729
1. To direct all operations of the school system;
2. To establish and require observance of reasonable work rules and schedules of work;
3. To hire, promote, transfer, schedule and assign employees in positions within the school system;
4. To suspend, discharge and take other disciplinary action against employees;
5. To lay off employees from their duties because of lack of work or any other reason; non-teaching activities, within the school day pursuant to past practice;
15. To determine the means and methods of instruction, the selection of textbooks and other teaching material, and the use of teaching aids and class schedules.
. . .
ARTICLE III
GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE
. . .
If a grievance is submitted to arbitration, the parties shall request the Wisconsin Employment Relations Commission to appoint an arbitrator.
The sole function of the arbitrator shall be to determine whether or not the rights of a teacher have been violated by the Board contrary to an express provision of this Agreement. The arbitrator shall have no authority to add to, subtract from, or modify this Agreement in any way. The arbitrator shall have no authority to impose liability upon the school district, school board or
Page 4
MA-12729
administration arising out of facts occurring before the effective date or after the termination of this Agreement. The decision of the arbitrator within the scope of his/her authority shall be final and binding upon the Board, the Association, and the teachers.
. . .
ARTICLE V
TEACHER EMPLOYMENT POLICIES
A. The Association recognizes the legal obligation of the Board to give to each teacher employed by it a written notice of renewal or refusal to renew his/her individual contract for the ensuing school year pursuant to Section 118.22(2) of the Wisconsin Statutes.
B. Teacher Personnel Defined The term "Teaching Personnel" is defined according to the state certification code. Only degree teachers will be hired.
C. Contract Specifications:
1. It shall be the responsibility of the teacher to keep his/her file up to date.
2. No teacher will be assigned outside his certified area.
3. Proof of actual change in contract status must be furnished to the Superintendent prior to October 1 of the year for which the contract is issued. No contracts will be altered after October 1 regardless of any later change in status.
D. Teacher Assignment:
1. The Board retains the right to make grade, subject and activity assignments as necessary in the best interest of the district as long as the assignment(s) are within the certification limitations of the teachers.
. . .
2. The teaching contract shall state the subject area and extra duties to be assigned. If changes become necessary, the teacher shall be notified as soon as possible, preferably before school begins.
. . .
Page 5
MA-12729 good reason. A preliminary notice of non-renewal will be given to the teacher by the last day of February and a notice of non-renewal will be sent by March 15.
. . .
G. Layoffs.
1. The date of May 15th has been established for notification of layoff commencing on the last day of the current school year.
2. service. Teachers shall be eligible for recall for 15 months from the date of layoff. No new or substitute appointment may be made while there are laid off teachers available who are qualified to fill the vacancies. The teacher shall be notified at their last address (on file in the office) of an available position. The teacher shall have ten (10) days to accept or reject the contract offer. If the position is rejected, the reemployment rights shall be lost.
. . .
Page 6
MA-12729
ARTICLE XIV
TERMS OF AGREEMENT
A. The provisions of this Agreement will remain in force until superseded by a new Agreement.
B. Individual contracts will be written according to this Agreement in effect for the school year immediately proceeding for such Article or part.
The terms of this Agreement covering the fiscal year of July 1, 2001 through June 30, 2003, were agreed upon by the Board of Education on December 19, 2001 and ratified by the Fall River Education Association on December 12, 2001.
The parties' 2003-2005 Agreement provides, in relevant part:
ARTICLE V
TEACHER EMPLOYMENT POLICIES
. . . just cause. A preliminary notice of non-renewal will be given to the teacher by the last day of February and a notice of non-renewal will be sent by March 15.
. . .
Page 7
MA-12729
ARTICLE XIV
TERMS OF AGREEMENT
A. The provisions of this Agreement will remain in force until superseded by a new Agreement.
B. Individual contracts will be written according to this Agreement in effect for the school year immediately preceding or such Article or part.
The terms of this Agreement covering the fiscal year of July 1, 2003 through June 30, 2005, were agreed upon by the Board of Education on ____________, ___________ and ratified by the Fall River Education Association on ___________.
. . .
BACKGROUND
The Grievant, Steven Sauer, is a former member and president of the District's School Board and is currently employed in the District as a teacher. Sauer was on the Association's bargaining team until February of 2004, when he resigned from that position. Sauer has a law degree, Bachelor of Science degrees in Economics, Extension Education and Agriculture Education, and an Associate of Science degree in Business Management. At the time of his hire, Sauer was certified to teach Economics, History, Agriculture and Broad Field Social Studies. Prior to being hired in Fall River, Sauer had worked as an ombudsman for the Wisconsin Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection, had been a lecturer at Madison Area Technical College, and a lecturer in English and American Studies at a provincial teachers' college in China and a substitute teacher in Taiwan.
Sauer was hired as a teacher in October of 1999 by the District. An English teacher had resigned after the start of the school year and Sauer was hired to teach History, Advanced Composition, English, Speech, Introduction to Composition and Literature. The District requested that the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction (DPI) issue Sauer an emergency license to teach English, as he was not certified in English. The request was granted.
DPI requires that a school district demonstrate that it attempted to hire a licensed teacher and that, despite those efforts, it has no licensed teacher available to teach in the field in question, before DPI will issue an emergency license. To renew an emergency license, the
Page 8
MA-12729
teacher must have completed six semester credits in an approved program toward full licensure in that field between the date the license was issued and August 31st of the year in which it expires.
The District requested a renewal of the emergency license for the 2000-01 school year. The request was granted and Sauer's teaching assignments included American Literature, History, English, Speech, Introduction to Composition and Literature. This continued for the 2001-2002 school year and the 2002-2003 school year.
In January of 2003, Heidi Schmidt, the present District Administrator, and Sauer met to discuss the difficulty he was having finding courses he could take toward English certification. Schmidt summarized their conversation in the following memorandum:
Date: January 20, 2003
To: Steve Sauer
From: Heidi Schmidt
RE: Summary of conversation on 1-17-03
The following is a summary of our conversation from 1-17-03. You discussed the difficulty you are having completing the certification in English. You stated that you had 3 credits in Writing and 8 credits in Literature, plus Student Teaching and another course (which I don't remember). Your concern is that these classes are held during the day when undergraduates can attend. You also stated your concern that the DPI would not issue you another emergency license, as you would not complete the 6 credits required. You also shared your desire to continue to teach English. Finally, you shared that the UW has not been flexible in accommodating your situation.
You had mentioned possible alternatives:
1. Teaching classes other than English (Agriculture, Business Law, Political Science, Tutorial/remedial)
2. Bumping a less senior person in the department
3. Part time teaching/part time administrative contact, which you would be assigned to teach English classes
4. If you received a less than full time teaching contract, you would need to look for other work
Our conversation concluded with the following:
1. You would contact Tony Evers to see what his suggestions are
2. You would check out all non-traditional offerings from various universities to see if you can get the certification.
3. We would read the language in the Master Agreement relative to bumping.
Page 9
MA-12729
** As I reviewed the Master Agreement, I did not find language relative to bumping.
I reference you to p. 7(C)(1)(2)-Contract Specifications. "It shall be the responsibility of the teacher to keep his/her file up to date. No teacher will be assigned outside his certified area.
I also reference p. 7(d)(1)-Teacher Assignment "The Board retains the right to make grade, subject and activity assignments as necessary in the best interest of the district, as long as the assignment(s) are within the certification limitations of the teachers."
Finally, I reference p. 9(G)(2)-Layoffs . . .
Let me know if there are other areas in the Master Agreement which pertain to your situation and answers to the above.
In February of 2003, Sauer wrote to and e-mailed Peter Burke at DPI inquiring about alternative methods of obtaining certification in English and the possibility of obtaining "alternative certification" in English and provided his background.
In March of 2003, Schmidt e-mailed DPI regarding Sauer's difficulty in finding a college that offered English courses outside of the school day and asked what options were available in such circumstances that would permit the District to obtain a renewal of his emergency license to teach English. DPI responded that the college would have to verify the classes were not available to Sauer due to the schedule conflict. Schmidt passed the e-mails on to Sauer with a note that he should get written statements from the colleges that the classes were not available to him.
Schmidt and Sauer met on March 13, 2003 to discuss the situation. Schmidt summarized the meeting in the following e-mail of that date:
Page 10
MA-12729
Steve. The following is a summary of our meeting of 3-13-03:
1. You will check to see what Cardinal Stritch can provide for you.
2. I will contact a source I have at DPI to plead the case.
3. Think about hs at risk.
H. Schmidt
Schmidt testified she could not recall who had brought up the subject of an "At Risk" program in the meeting.
By e-mail of April 4, 2003, Burke responded to Sauer's February inquiry regarding alternative means of obtaining certification in English. In it, Burke stated, in relevant part:
Steven thank you for your letter and message. Sorry it has taken so long to reply. The circumstance now is as it has been an individual needs the certification of a college or university to qualify for a license. It has always been true that the college has flexibility in its review of individual student's work; but that rarely occurs. The first opportunity for a true performance based alternative license is with the effective date of PI 34, July 1, 2004. Hopefully at that time situations like yours will have a better resolve.
Sauer forwarded Burke's e-mail to Schmidt on April 8, 2003.
On April 24, 2003, Sauer e-mailed Schmidt proposing an "at-risk" program in the District. Schmidt responded with the following e-mail:
Steve,
I did receive your proposal. I am waiting to hear what you found out from one university you were checking with for English certification.
The way the schedule is looking the at risk will not be part of your schedule for next year. There does need to be a plan in the future.
I will be meeting with a university person and DPI person on May 14 relative to licensing and will bring your scenario up. My network tells me PI34 will not be mandated; therefore no flexibility in teacher licensing.
You will need to pursue your English certification for next year or get the letter from the university that says you are unable to take courses due to their/your schedule.
Page 11
MA-12729
If you have questions, please contact me.
Heidi Schmidt
District Administrator
By e-mail of May 29, 2003, Sauer informed Schmidt he planned to get letters from Cardinal Stritch and Marian Colleges and the UW-Madison, and appeal to DPI.
Sauer did not take any English courses during the 2002-2003 school year and did not complete the required six credits toward certification in English during the summer of 2003. He did complete courses in AP Economics and AP History. Sauer was ill and was in and out of the hospital that summer. Sauer had been informed by the University of Wisconsin School of Education and by Marian College that the English courses he needed were only offered during the school day during the school year and were not offered in the evening or during the summer. In August of 2003, Schmidt submitted a request for renewal of Sauer's emergency license to teach English courses for the 2003-04 school year, along with letters from those institutions indicating the courses were not available in the evening or during the summer. On October 31, 2003, DPI granted the request for Sauer's English license, but indicated the following:
Since you did not complete the required six credits during the 2002-03 school year, this license could be renewed IF you complete at least nine credits by August 31, 2004 in a program leading to licensure. I suggest that you contact UW-Madison or other colleges with a state-approved program in English (only a minor will be required if your college is willing) and find out if there is course work available online or if you could complete course work at one college and transfer it into the college where you are completing a state-approved program.
Cc: Heidi Schmidt
Fall River Schools
On November 21, 2003, Schmidt and Sauer discussed his obtaining an emergency license to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year. That same day, Schmidt sent Sauer the following memorandum:
Date: November 21, 2003
To: Steve Sauer
From: Heidi Schmidt
RE: Summary of today's conversation
Page 12
MA-12729
Thank you for coming to speak with me about your emergency English license renewal for 2004-2005.
You stated that you would not have the 9 credits by August, 2004, as you did not have the motivation or means by which to take the credits. (According to your search, no required courses are offered during the times you would be available 2nd semester or over the summer.)
Therefore, it is my understanding that you will not be licensed to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year.
Schmidt and Sauer met on December 18, 2003 and at that meeting exchanged memoranda regarding the situation. Sauer responded to Schmidt's November 21, 2003 memorandum with the following:
To: Heidi Schmidt 12-18-03
Fr: Steve Sauer
This is in reply to your memo of Nov. 21, 2003 re: "Summary of today's conversation", the topic of which was an emergency English license renewal for 2004-05.
To clarify, I came to speak w/you about the license in response to the request noted at the bottom of my evaluation/observation report sheet of Nov. 17. But I also came in part to give a "heads up" that some thought might be given to a contingency plan in the event I was not able to secure appropriate English certification for the 2004-05 school year. That doesn't mean I have given up obtaining the certification. As of this moment, I am certified to teach English 9-12 and eligible to renew that certification. I am not motivated to take the nine credits suggested in the Oct. 31, 2003 correspondence from Mark Schwingle of DPI because it would not be possible w/o taking a leave from my position at FRHS during semester II of the present school year. I do plan to contact Mr. Schwingle, Dr. Zeitner at UW-Madison and persons at a number of other certifying schools in an effort to develop an alternative means to meet the DPI prerequisites. I was under the impression that that was what PI34 is all about.
On a different but related matter, I know you know the course offerings in physical science, social studies and English at FRHS are limited exclusively to survey courses. We do not offer second level courses intended to go beyond bear (sic) information. We have no Modern History, Third World History, advanced (or AP) History, Ancient Civilization, Political Science (including Civics and Law). The U.S. Constitution is worth a semester by itself, or the Bill of Rights for that matter.
Page 13
MA-12729
In English there are no Women Writers courses, no Ethnic Writers, or a class in Shakespeare or Joyce where students can go beyond the survey courses and really experience the fun of knowing a subject well.
We offer general Biology, general Chemistry, general Physics and Physical Science.
Having been a board member for many years, I realize the difficulty FRHS has offering a small number of students a wide range of choices, even on a rotating basis. The point has been reached, however, where the lack of breadth and depth is hurting FR students vis-à-vis students from other area schools.
Also at that meeting, Schmidt gave Sauer the following letter of the same date:
Dear Mr. Sauer:
The School District of Fall River employs you for the 2003-2004 school year as a high school teacher. Since the 2000-2001 school year, you have been assigned to teach two high school English classes in addition to other courses you teach in the high school. You were required to secure a one year Emergency license for the 2003-2004 school year in order to teach the two high school English courses. You submitted the appropriate paperwork; however, you failed to take the six credits required to renew the English license. In October 2003, the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction issued to you an Emergency license, retroactive to July 1, 2003, which will allow you to teach high school English during the 2003-2004 school year. However, according to DPI, you need to complete nine credits by August 31, 2004, in order to renew this license for the 2004-2005 school year.
On or before February 1, 2004, the Board must have written certification from a college or university and the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction to confirm that you have registered for the nine credits to be completed by August 31, 2004.
If the information requested is not provided, the Board will be forced to issue you a non-renewal notice in order to reduce your contract and re-issue to you a part-time teaching contract with the District because of these issues related to certification. If you know now that you do not intend to complete the required credits on or before August 31, 2003, (sic) please provide such information to me as soon as possible, so as to allow the District to begin planning for the 2004-2005 school year. Finally, if the information requested is provided by February 1, 2004, your current contract will be renewed for the 2004-2005 school year.
Page 14
MA-12729
Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.
Sincerely,
Heidi A. Schmidt /s/
Heidi A. Schmidt
District Administrator
By letter of January 29, 2004, the Association's representative, UniServ Director John Horn, responded on Sauer's behalf to Schmidt's letter of December 18, 2003. In that letter, Horn questioned the need for Sauer to confirm he was registered for nine credits in English as he was currently certified to teach English, and if his assignment for the 2004-2005 school year was reduced, that would constitute a layoff and he would have bumping rights; also, notice for layoff would be by May 15th, rather than February 1st. Horn also asserted that non-renewal would constitute discipline without just cause, and indicated the Association objected to the District making a unilateral and arbitrary change in the manner the District assures its teaching staff are certified for their assignment.
Schmidt responded to Horn's letter with the following letter of February 9, 2004:
Dear Mr. Horn:
I write in response to your January 29, 2004, letter regarding Steve Sauer's teaching contract for the 2004-2005 school year. For the 2003-2004 school year, Mr. Sauer is under an emergency license in order to be certified to teach the classes to which he has been assigned. His emergency license allows him to teach the two High School English classes which are part of his assignment. Mr. Sauer failed to take the six (6) credits required to renew this licenses for the 2003-2004 school year. Notwithstanding, the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction (DPI) issued him a waiver for the 2003-2004 school year, with the understanding that he would secure nine credits by August, 2004.
As a result of these certification problems, on December 16, 2003, the District advised Mr. Sauer that he needed to submit written confirmation from a college or university and DPI that he registered for the nine credits to be completed by August 31, 2004. In the same letter, the District advised that the Board will be forced to issue Mr. Sauer a non-renewal notice in order to reduce his contract and re-issue him a part-time teaching contract with the District because of these issues related to his certification.
Despite your assertions, the District's actions do not constitute a layoff under Article V, Section G of the 2001-2003 Master Contract between the School District of Fall River (District) and the Fall River Education Association
Page 15
MA-12729
(Association); the District is not reducing the number of employee positions or the number of hours in a position. Nor do the District's actions constitute discipline with or without cause under Article V, Section E of the Agreement. To the contrary, the District is merely addressing a problem with a teacher's certification.
I hope this answers your questions regarding the District's actions related to Mr. Sauer's teaching contract for the 2004-2005 school year. While the District has imposed a deadline of February 1, 2004, for Mr. Sauer to submit proof of his efforts to become fully certified for his position for the 2004-2005 school year, the District would be willing to accept such proof any time before the final notice of non-renewal is issued to Mr. Sauer.
Please contact me if you would like to discuss this matter further.
Sincerely,
Heidi A. Schmidt
District Administrator
Horn testified that he, Sauer and another English teacher, Ethan Jahnke, subsequently met with Schmidt, and Principal Brad Johnsrud in mid-February of 2004 to discuss options regarding the situation with Sauer's English certification. Several options were discussed. One was to have an American Studies class with a combined curriculum of American literature and American history, with Jahnke certified to teach the former and Sauer certified to teach the latter. Another option was for Sauer to still get his certification to teach English. According to Horn, it was also during this meeting that the issue of Sauer's lack of certification to teach an Environmental Science class first came up, with Schmidt indicating that DPI had contacted her in that regard. Schmidt had received an e-mail from DPI on February 13, 2004 stating that a teacher licensed in Agriculture cannot teach a course as part of the science curriculum for science graduation credit.
Schmidt testified that by that time she did not believe Sauer would be able to obtain the nine credits in English he needed by August 31, 2004 to have the emergency license in English renewed. Schmidt further testified that Sauer did not give her any indication that he was going to pursue or obtain certification in English.
By letter of February 26, 2004, the District's Board of Education gave Sauer preliminary notice that it was considering non-renewal of his teaching contract for the 2004-2005 school year "based on issues related to your English certification." A March 9, 2004 draft of the 2004-2005 schedule listed Sauer as teaching only Economics and History.
Page 16
MA-12729
On March 10, 2004, Sauer had a private conference with the Board regarding the non-renewal of his teaching contract. At that conference, Schmidt submitted documentation to support her recommendation that Sauer be issued a notice of non-renewal and a teaching contract only for the areas in which he is certified to teach. She also indicated that Sauer had been asked to agree to extend the non-renewal timelines, but had rejected that offer. Schmidt also indicated in that document that the non-renewal was not based on poor teaching performance. Sauer testified that he took the position that he would attempt to be licensed in English for the 2004-05 school year and that he also attempted to propose other options if he were not licensed.
By the following letter of March 12, 2004, Sauer was notified of the Board's decision:
RE: FINAL NOTICE OF NONRENEWAL
Dear Mr. Sauer:
Pursuant to Wis. Stat. §118.22(2) and Article V, Section E, 2., of the 2001-2003 Master Contract between the Board of Education and the School District of Fall River and the Fall River Education Association, the Board of Education of the District hereby gives you notice that the Board took formal action on March 10, 2004, to refuse to renew your employment contract with the District for the 2004-2005school year, for the purpose of reducing your teaching assignment because of issues related to your certification. Please understand that this action has nothing to do with your performance.
Thus, pursuant to this action, which was adopted by a majority vote of the full membership of the Board, your current employment contract with the District will not be renewed. However, enclosed please find the teaching contract, reduced to those areas in which you will be certified to teach for the 2004-2005 school year, that the Board voted to offer to you for the 2004-2005 school year. Please sign the enclosed contract and return to the District Administrator's office on or before April 15, 2004.
Furthermore, if on or before April 15, 2004, you provide the District Administrator with written certification from a college or university and the Wisconsin Department of Public Instruction (DPI) to confirm that you will be able to complete the necessary credits by August 31, 2004, and that you will be able to secure a license, provisional or otherwise, from DPI which will allow you to teach the same two English classes you are currently teaching for the 2003-2004 school year, the Board will issue you a full-time teaching contract.
Page 17
MA-12729
Sincerely,
David Brozek /s/
David Brozek, President
Board of Education
cc: District Administrator Heidi Schmidt
John Horn, TRUE
Sauer grieved his non-renewal.
On March 22, 2004, Sauer e-mailed the U.S. Education Department regarding the easing of qualification requirements and copied Schmidt on the e-mail. He e-mailed DPI as well in this regard, and Schmidt offered to use her contacts to find out more information for Sauer.
Sauer testified that subsequent to receiving the non-renewal notice, he sent letters to all of the 31 certifying institutions in Wisconsin inquiring about the possibility of obtaining certification in English or Environmental Science and as to what they required in that regard. Sauer advised Schmidt he had done this. Of those colleges, two colleges, including Edgewood College, offered the possibility of obtaining certification based upon prior education and work experience without having to take further coursework. Sauer pursued certification in English through Edgewood College; however, he did not inform the District's representatives that he was doing so.
On April 15 and 16, 2004, Sauer met with Principal Brad Johnsrud to discuss his non-renewal grievance. Sauer did not inform Johnsrud of his application for an English license through Edgewood or provide documentation that he would be licensed to teach English for the 2004-05 school year. On April 22, 2004, Johnsrud responded to Sauer's non-renewal grievance, denying the grievance on the basis that Sauer did not provide documentation that he would be licensed to teach "the subjects in question" in 2004-2005.
Sometime in April of 2004, Edgewood sent Sauer a license application form, which he completed. According to Sauer, he was assured orally by representatives of Edgewood that his application would be approved, but had nothing in writing. On April 22, 2004, Edgewood approved Sauer's application, on which it confirmed he had successfully completed the College's program to teach English in grades 6-12. According to an e-mail of May 12, 2004 from DPI to Schmidt, DPI received Sauer's application for licensure in English from Edgewood on April 28, 2004 and the license was issued, but without specifying the date it was issued.
On May 4, 2004, Sauer and Horn met with Schmidt and Johnsrud to discuss his grievance regarding his nonrenewal. Sauer concedes he did not tell Schmidt at that meeting that he had applied to DPI for an English license through Edgewood or of the status of the
Page 18
MA-12729
application. He further testified, however, that he did not have an opportunity to do so, as Schmidt began the meeting by asking questions that he and Horn viewed as being "hostile" and the meeting ended after Horn "jumped in" and objected to the questions. Sauer testified that he did not learn DPI had approved his licensure until May 6, 2004. He indicated that after Schmidt's letter to him of December 18, 2003 regarding his possible non-renewal, he no longer felt she was trying to help find a solution to his situation, and that later he felt she was unhappy with him for positions he had taken and concerns he had expressed in negotiations as part of the Association's bargaining team.
According to Sauer, on May 6, 2004 he learned that DPI had accepted and approved his application for licensure to teach English. On May 7, 2005, Sauer informed Johnsrud that he was certified to teach English. Johnsrud relayed this information to Schmidt. Schmidt checked with DPI to verify that Sauer was certified in English and questioned how he could be certified without taking the coursework. DPI verified Sauer was certified in English.
By letter of May 10, 2004, Schmidt notified Sauer she was denying his grievance and summarized their meeting. She also acknowledged Sauer was now certified to teach English.
On May 12, 2004, the Board met to consider Sauer's contract. At that meeting, Sauer was offered a 75% contract for the 2004-05 school year to teach Social Studies and English or a 100% contract as part of a grievance settlement that would also require him to obtain a license to teach Environmental Science in 2004-05. There was a grievance pending regarding the assignment of Sauer to teach Environmental Science. The District had changed its curriculum to make Environmental Science a required science class students must take. This change required that the teacher of the course be certified to teach science. Sauer had previously taught the course before the District made it a required science course. The administration was initially unaware the change would require a teacher certified to teach science to teach the course and apparently after learning this had still wanted Sauer to teach the class, which would require his obtaining that certification.
Sauer rejected the Board's offers and on June 16, 2004 his non-renewal grievance was heard at the Board level. At that meeting, Schmidt opposed granting the grievance, arguing that when she had met with Sauer and Horn on May 4, 2004, he had not informed her of what he was doing to obtain certification and had admitted he had not even looked at UW-Madison's schedule of classes to see if there were evening classes he could take, nor did he ask the District to accommodate him so he could take such classes. Horn testified that at the end of that meeting, in which the Board offered Sauer an 87.5% contract, the Association's legal counsel, Lucy Brown, asked the Board President why the Board was only offering Sauer a 7/8ths contract and was told that it was because Sauer did not have the Environmental Science certification and that the Board had not been aware of that when it had non-renewed him.
By letter of June 18, 2004, the Board's President notified Sauer that the Board denied his grievance, but was offering him an 87.5% contract to teach three sections of high school Social Studies, two sections of high school English, one study hall and one prep period and
Page 19
MA-12729
enclosed the contract. Sauer signed and returned the contract to teach 87.5% for the 2004-05 school year. In July of 2004, the parties reached a settlement of Sauer's Environmental Science grievance.
The parties were unable to resolve their dispute, and proceeded to arbitration before the undersigned.
POSITIONS OF THE PARTIES
District
The District first asserts that the Arbitrator must apply the "good reason" standard contained in the parties' 2001-2003 Agreement in evaluating the District's decision to non-renew Sauer's contract. While there is no generally-accepted view of what is meant by "good reason" as a standard for discipline or non-renewal, one can determine what the parties intended in agreeing to such a standard by reviewing decisions interpreting similar standards. The Wisconsin Supreme Court concluded that "Good and sufficient reasons" are those which are not fully frivolous and inconsequential. Mueller v. Jensen, 63 Wis. 2d 362 (1973). In Village of Deerfield, Dec. No. 26168 (WERC, 1989), the Commission interpreted "sufficient reason" to be a reasonable basis in fact. An arbitrator has concluded that in order to constitute a good and sufficient reason for discipline, the employer must make a proper showing of reasons to the trier of fact based on identifiable criteria that are not unreasonably found. PPG Industries, 117 LA 1299 (2002). Given the foregoing, the Arbitrator must deny the grievance if the District is able to point to reasonable and identifiable criteria to support its decision to non-renew Sauer.
While the Arbitrator may not infer the just cause standard into the Agreement, if he concludes that the 2003-2005 Agreement applies to this matter, the Arbitrator must recognize that the Agreement does not include a definition for the standard "just cause", and there is no evidence to suggest that the parties agreed to be bound by the seven tests established by Arbitrator Daugherty. Not all arbitrators have felt bound to a mechanical application of the Daugherty framework, but have concluded that a proper analysis of just cause can be conducted utilizing basic standards of fairness. If the just cause standard is to be applied in this case, the Arbitrator must apply the generally-accepted analysis of that standard which turns on two elements. First, the employer must establish the existence of conduct by the grievant in which it has a disciplinary interest. Second, the employer must establish that the discipline imposed upon the grievant for the conduct reasonably reflects its disciplinary interest. The District further asserts that arbitrators have used the "preponderance of the evidence" standard as the appropriate standard of proof in just cause cases.
Due to the timing of the Board's decision to non-renew Sauer, the "good reason" standard applies. During a contract hiatus, a municipal employer's duty to bargain generally obligates it to maintain the status quo as to matters primarily related to wages, hours and conditions of employment. City of Brookfield, Dec. No. 19822-C (WERC, 11/84). The
Page 20
MA-12729
grievance filed regarding the decision to non-renew Sauer's teaching contract concerns the Board's decision made on March 10, 2004. The parties' 2001-2003 agreement expired on June 30, 2003 and at the time of the Board hearing, the parties were engaged in negotiations for a successor agreement. On March 10, 2004, the 2003-2005 agreement had not yet been fully executed or ratified by the parties. Therefore, on that date, the provisions of the 2001-2003 agreement were still in effect. While it is true that the parties ratified the 2003-2005 agreement a short time after the non-renewal hearing in March of 2004, the date that is important is the date on which the Board acted. On that date, the status quo controlled, and the "good reason" standard found in the 2001-2003 agreement should be applied to the dispute concerning Sauer's non-renewal.
Regardless of which standard is applied, the District must show that it was reasonable for the District to believe that Sauer would not be certified to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year, and that the District's response in non-renewing his teaching contract in order to issue a reduced contract to him was reasonable under the circumstances. Here, Sauer's conduct and statement gave the District every reason to believe that he would not be certified to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year.
When Sauer was hired to teach high school English and high school Social Studies, he understood and agreed that he would work toward securing a regular license in English so as to allow him to continue teaching high school English for the District. Each year until the 2002-2003 school year, Sauer completed the necessary credits to renew his emergency license in English, however, at some point during the 2002-2003 school year, Sauer had a change of heart and simply stopped taking the necessary credits to renew his emergency license in English. On January 17, 2003, he met with Schmidt and advised her that he was having difficulty finding English classes for his certification. It was at this time that Sauer began suggesting methods by which the District could accommodate him if he could not continue to renew his emergency license. He also told Schmidt that he intended to speak with Tony Evers at DPI about options, and intended to check with traditional and non-traditional colleges to determine whether it would be possible to secure English certification. Schmidt contacted DPI to determine what would happen to Sauer's emergency license application for the 2003-2004 school year, if he was unable to take the necessary credits to renew the license. She discovered, and shared with Sauer, that he would need to submit a statement to DPI explaining why he had not been able to take the necessary credits to renew his emergency license.
Also at this time, Sauer began communicating with Peter Burke from DPI, in what appeared to Schmidt to be an attempt to get around DPI's requirement that he take additional coursework to renew his English certification. The e-mail provided to Schmidt did not give her any information that would suggest to her that Sauer would be able to renew his certification in English or secure a regular English license for the 2003-2004 school year, or in the future. The fact that he was continuing to explore this alternative licensure, rather than taking courses to renew English certification, made Schmidt more skeptical that Sauer would be certified to teach English for the 2003-2004 school year. It was shortly thereafter that Sauer suggested that the District consider implementing an "At Risk" program. Schmidt saw this as
Page 21
MA-12729
another way that Sauer was attempting to get around having to renew his English certification and advised him that such a program would not be part of his assigned courses for the 2003-2004 school year; and therefore, he still needed to secure his English license.
In October, 2003, when Sauer received his emergency license in English for the 2003-2004 school year, it included a letter from DPI explaining that his license was non-renewable unless he committed to taking nine credits in English on or before August 31, 2004. The following month, Schmidt and Sauer met to discuss the situation concerning his English certification. Sauer explained the difficulty he was experiencing in completing the necessary credits to renew his provisional certification, and told Schmidt that he would not have the nine credits by August, 2004, as he did not have the "motivation or means" by which to take the credits. Sauer suggested alternatives to renewing his emergency license in English for the 2004-2005 school year. Based on his statements and his inability to confirm that he would be certified in English for the 2004-2005 school year, and his continued proposals of ways for him to keep a full-time teaching contract without securing such a license, Schmidt told Sauer that she understood that he would not be licensed to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year. Sauer did not deny this statement. Schmidt viewed Sauer's efforts at finding a way to avoid having to renew his English certification as demonstrating that he did not want to satisfy the requirements to renew his certification. From December, 2003 to April, 2004, Sauer continued to present alternatives to renewing his English certification. This attitude continued throughout the grievance process, as Sauer continued to suggest courses that he could teach other than English. While on a handful of occasions Sauer suggested that he was exploring an "alternative means to licensure" he never explained his plan to Schmidt, nor did he include her on the communications regarding his attempts to work with Edgewood College or UW-River Falls in exploring this alternative means of licensure. Further, Schmidt had never heard of such an alternative means of licensure and therefore it would not have been reasonable for her to rely upon Sauer's vague statements about such. Given Sauer's statement that he had neither the means nor the motivation to take the necessary courses to renew his English certification, and his persistent suggestions that he be permitted to teach courses other than English, it was reasonable for Schmidt to conclude that Sauer would not be certified to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year.
The District gave Sauer ample warning of the consequences of failing to provide the District with some assurance that he would be certified to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year. From the beginning of his employment with the District, Sauer knew that he was expected to maintain his English certification and that he needed to work toward full certification. Both when Schmidt met with Sauer on January 17, 2003, and again, on November 17, 2003, to discuss the situation, Sauer recognized that one of the District's options was to reduce his teaching contract because he was no longer certified in English and advised Schmidt that he would have to look for other work if that occurred. Just over a month later, Schmidt directed Sauer to give the Board written certification from a college and DPI to confirm that he had registered for the nine credits that DPI required him to complete by August 31, 2004 in order to renew his English certification. She advised Sauer that if he failed to provide such information by February 1, 2004, the Board would be forced to non-renew his
Page 22
MA-12729
teaching contract in order to reduce his contract. When Sauer failed to comply with this directive, she recommended the Board issue Sauer preliminary notice of non-renewal. Given the foregoing, Sauer had ample warning and clearly understood that the Board would non-renew his teaching contract if at any point, it believed that he would not be certified to teach English.
The District was forced to comply with statutory and contractual timelines when deciding whether to non-renew Sauer's teaching contract. Article V, Section E, paragraph 2 provides that: "A preliminary notice of non-renewal will be given to the teacher by the last day of February, and a notice of non-renewal will be sent by March 15." Similarly, Section 118.22(2), Stats., requires that "On or before March 15 of the school year during which a teacher holds a contract, the Board shall give the teacher written notice of non-renewal or refusal to renew the teacher's contract for the ensuing school year, and that if no such notice is given by that time, the contract then in force shall continue for the ensuing school year." Section 118.22(3), Stats., requires that 15 days prior to giving written notice of non-renewal, the Board shall give preliminary notice in writing that the Board is considering non-renewal of the teacher's contract. Thus, any suggestions that the District's actions were premature or hasty because Sauer was still certified at the time, fails to take into account the statutory and contractual timelines.
The District asserts that non-renewal was the appropriate process, rather than discharge or layoff, to address this situation. In School District of LaCrosse, Dec. No. 24664-B (WERC, 1988), the Commission concluded that non-renewal process is an acceptable means of dealing with a teacher who fails to obtain the necessary certifications in order to perform his teaching assignment. The Commission concluded that the layoff provision is appropriate for reductions in staff, position eliminations and cuts in programs, but not to address certification issues. In its decision, the Commission held that:
The grievant's own conduct was such that the District could reasonably fear that some new reason for inaction would appear if the grievant were given any further time. That concern must therefore be balanced against the reasonableness of the District's position that if in fact the grievant did not complete the requirements by July; the District would then have to hire a teacher at the last minute from a diminished pool of applicants. Id.
Thus, even though Sauer was still certified to teach English at the time he was subject to non-renewal, the reasonable expectation based on his statements and conduct was that he would not be certified for the 2004-2005 school year. Because the timelines followed by the District complied with the statutory and contractual requirements, the timing was appropriate.
The District asserts that the Board's decision to non-renew Sauer's teaching contract for the 2004-2005 school year and issue him a reduced contract was reasonable under the circumstances. It is a well-settled principle that the reasonableness of management's actions must be assessed in light of the facts available to management at the time. Prairie Farms
Page 23
MA-12729
School District, Case 15, No. 43797, MA-6075 (Arbitrator Honeyman, 1990). When the Board decided to non-renew Sauer's individual contract, it was reasonable for the District to believe that he had no intention, nor any ability, to secure a license in English, provisional or otherwise, for the 2004-2005 school year. Sauer's statements and conduct, including most importantly his apparent commitment to teach anything other than English, demonstrated that he had no intention of taking the necessary credits to renew his English certification for the 2004-2005 school year. Schmidt had no basis on which to believe that Sauer's exploration of alternative means of licensure would be successful. Moreover, Sauer failed to share any meaningful information related to his quest for alternative licensure with Schmidt or any other administrators. This situation is similar to that in the Prairie Farm School District award, supra., in which the arbitrator upheld the teacher's full non-renewal, concluding that based on his inaction, it was reasonable for the District to believe that the teacher would not be certified to teach all of his courses for the coming school year.
While it is true that Sauer was more active in pursuing certification renewal than the teacher in the Prairie Farm case, he cannot be rewarded simply because his gamble paid off. Sauer ignored the warnings of DPI and the District for two school years, and approached his certification with a self-important attitude. Based on his actions and statements, the District can only believe that Sauer would seek certification his own way, and that if it ultimately did not work out, the District would have to accommodate him. Regardless of how it turned out, at the time at which it was necessary for the District to consider non-renewal of Sauer's teaching contract, it was reasonable for the District to believe that Sauer would not be certified to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year. Thus, the District had good reason, or just cause, to non-renew Sauer's individual teaching contract and issue him a reduced contract in the areas in which he was certified.
Last, the District asserts that the Board's decision to issue Sauer an increased teaching contract during the June 16, 2004 Board meeting is irrelevant. It is expected that the Association will argue that the real reason for Sauer's non-renewal were the problems he experienced related to the Environmental Science certification. The District continues to object to any mention of this matter, as it was resolved by a Memorandum of Understanding during the 2003-2004 school year. Further, it is undisputed that neither the Board nor administration made any reference to the Environmental Science certification matter during the March 10, 2004 Board meeting on Sauer's non-renewal. Moreover, if Horn's claim that the Board President told the Association's attorney that the Board did not increase Sauer's contract to a full teaching contract on June 16th because it had just learned that he did not have his Environmental Science certification and they were not aware of that when the original non-renewal notice was given, is believed, there is no basis then on which to conclude that the Board's decision on March 10, 2004 had anything to do with Sauer's Environmental Science certification. Thus, it is irrelevant to this matter at hand, and cannot be the motive for Sauer's non-renewal.
In its letter of March 12, 2004, the Board President advised Sauer that it had refused to renew his contract for the 2004-2005 school year for the purpose of reducing his teaching
Page 24
MA-12729
assignment to 62.5% because of the issues related to his certification. He also advised Sauer that he would receive a full teaching contract, if on or before April 15, 2004, Sauer provided written certification from a college and DPI to confirm that he would be able to complete the necessary credits by August 31, 2004 and be able to secure a license to teach English from DPI that would allow him to teach the English classes he was teaching at the time of the letter. Shortly thereafter, the District issued Sauer a 5/8th teaching contract for the 2004-2005 school year, in grades 7-12, Broad Field Social Studies. It is not clear which courses the Board intended Sauer to teach during the 2004-2005 school year; however, it is likely that it intended to have Sauer teach three Social Studies courses, the Environmental Science course, and a preparation period.
During the Board meeting on June 16, 2004, the Board heard Sauer's grievance alleging that it had violated the Master Contract when it non-renewed his teaching contract on March 10th. The Board was not convinced that it had violated the Agreement and voted to deny Sauer's grievance. The Board had no obligation to increase his contract, yet, it decided to offer Sauer an increased contract to 87.5%. The motivation behind the decision to offer Sauer the increased contract is irrelevant and is not the action that the Arbitrator is expected to review and evaluate.
The District requests that the Arbitrator deny the grievance and rule that the District had good reason and/or just cause when it non-renewed Sauer's individual teaching contract.
Association
The Association asserts that the standard for non-renewal in the parties' 2003-2005 collective bargaining agreement, i.e., the just cause standard, applies to Sauer's non-renewal, rather than the "good reason" standard in the 2001-2003 agreement. While the provisions of the 2001-2003 agreement remained in effect until superseded, this occurred in March of 2004, when both parties ratified the 2003-2005 agreement. While the non-renewal decision on March 10th fell under the old agreement, the Board's subsequent consideration of the non-renewal occurred after the new agreement was ratified. Further, the District had previously asserted, with the agreement of the Association, that this grievance was being prosecuted under the 2003-2005 agreement. However, in this case the standards are essentially the same. There is no evidence in the case as to what the parties felt the "good reason" standard means, i.e., whether it was considered the equivalent to just cause or something else. Schmidt, who was on the District's bargaining team for the 2003-2005 agreement, does not recall any discussions surrounding the change to the just cause standard. If either side believed they would be losing something by the change, there would have been discussions that Schmidt would have recalled. The Association asserts that there is not a significant difference between requiring "cause" for doing something and a "reason" for doing it. However, even if the good reason standard is applied, the District did not meet this standard. The District needs more than simply a reason to non-renew a teacher; it needs a "good" reason for doing it. The word "good" clearly implies that there must be a reason that is not pretextual or that it was not whim or caprice. The District cannot present such a reason in this case.
Page 25
MA-12729
Next, the Association asserts that when Sauer filed his grievance in March of 2004, the issue was whether the District had "just cause" to non-renew that portion of his contract that involved teaching English. However, when his grievance reached the Board level in June of 2004, the issue was whether the District had just cause to continue to partially renew his contract, in light of the fact that he was now licensed to teach English and the Board's stated reason for his non-renewal no longer existed. The Association contends there is not just cause or good reason for either the March non-renewal or the denial of his grievance in June, 2004.
At the time of the March 10, 2004 private conference on his non-renewal, Sauer was still certified to teach English and was eligible for continued certification. Although Sauer was not seeking to take course credits to obtain an emergency license, and had told Schmidt this, he was seeking to obtain a full license through alternative certification. Schmidt knew that Sauer was pursuing this avenue of licensing, and under the circumstances, the non-renewal was not justified under either a just cause or good reason standard.
The Association cites Merrill Area Joint School District No. 1 (Yaeger, 1978) as involving similar circumstances where a teacher with an emergency license was non-renewed because he did not have a full license and had not yet completed the coursework for another emergency license at the time of his non-renewal. The arbitrator noted that the teacher could still get the license for the following year, and pointed out that there was always discharge available in August if the teacher was not appropriately licensed. The arbitrator concluded the inconvenience that might result for the District, if ultimately the teacher did not become certified, was outweighed by the impact of the non-renewal on the teacher's job security. Similarly, in this case the District could have reduced Sauer's contract at the beginning of the 2004-2005 school year, if he had not become certified in English. His individual teaching contract specifies what the District expected him to teach, and under Sec. 118.21, Stats., at least that portion of his contract would be void, if he was not appropriately licensed at the beginning of that school year. Any "inconvenience" to the District in securing a replacement, if Sauer were not certified by August of 2004, would not be great, as English is not an area for which there is a paucity of teachers. Thus, the District failed to demonstrate it had just cause or good reason to non-renew Sauer's contract in March of 2004.
The Association asserts that the District's failure to rescind its non-renewal cannot be justified under either standard. The reason for non-renewing Sauer had disappeared by the time of the grievance hearing in June of 2004, as he was fully licensed in English at that time and the District had taken no steps to find a replacement for the English portion of his position and was able to return the two English courses to his schedule. Other than intending to punish Sauer for some other perceived misdeed, there is no explanation for the Board's failure to rescind his non-renewal. By law, a District cannot non-renew a teacher for other reasons after the non-renewal deadlines have passed.
Following the grievance hearing in June of 2004, in the very letter stating its denial of his grievance, the Board in substance rescinded the non-renewal when it returned the two English courses to Sauer's schedule. By its very actions, the Board demonstrated that there
Page 26
MA-12729
was no continued basis for the non-renewal. Therefore, there can be no justification for the denial of the grievance other than an improper one.
Schmidt testified that the Board did not give Sauer a full contract after he had obtained English certification in May, because it did not have any classes with which to fill his schedule. However, this stated reason is demonstrably pretextual. First, the Board reassigned Sauer to teach the classes for which he had been non-renewed following the June hearing on his grievance. Second, the Board had told Sauer on May 12th that it could offer him a full contract on that date. Third, there was one more English course in 2004-2005 than in the previous school year and the other English teacher was teaching an overload. Last, the District continued to change the 2004-2005 course schedule right up to the time school started in September of 2004 and there were classes that could have been assigned to Sauer.
When the Board non-renewed Sauer in March of 2004, it told him that he would have a full contract, if before April 15th he demonstrated that he would be licensed to teach the same two English classes. However, following the June Board meeting on his grievance, the Board gave him back the two English classes, but only gave him a 7/8ths contract. The return of the English classes should have given him a full contract. It is only if the Board were taking away some other part of his schedule, i.e., something for which it had not non-renewed him, is it possible that the return of the English classes would not result in a full schedule. There is also clear evidence that the Board could have provided Sauer with an additional class, since at the May 12, 2004 Board meeting, the Board was prepared to offer him a full contract, if he signed a grievance settlement.
There is no evidence that the Board took some step between May 12th and June 16th that would make a full contract for Sauer impossible at a later date when it was possible in May, and it would have been an act in bad faith to take such an action during that time that would have done so. Further, there were at least two classes that could have been assigned to Sauer. He could have been given one of Jahnke's English courses, as Jahnke was teaching both Advanced Placement English and Advanced Composition during fourth hour. Taking a course from Jahnke's schedule would still have left him with enough courses for a full contract. Also, the District added a math class for "at risk" students, that any teacher could have taught, right before school began in the fall of 2004, but the District assigned this to a special education teacher who was not certified in math. Finally, the evidence shows that the District was altering the course schedule right up to the beginning of the 2004-2005 school year and Johnsrud testified that there is "quite a bit of jockeying" just before school starts. There is no evidence that some of this "jockeying" could not have included Sauer.
The Association asserts that not only does the evidence show that the stated reason for denying Sauer's grievance lacked any basis in fact, but also shows that other improper reasons were the basis for the denial of the grievance. There is unequivocal evidence that the District failed to renew Sauer's full contract as punishment for other situations unrelated to his English license. At the June 16th Board hearing on the grievance, Schmidt told the Board that Sauer was not "appropriate, ethical, and professional" and had presented false information to her at
Page 27
MA-12729
the May 4th meeting on his grievance. She also asserted that "interwoven with this grievance has been Mr. Sauer's second grievance over securing the Environmental Science license", and that he would not sign a settlement agreement for the two grievances, implying that his failure to settle these grievances was bad faith on Sauer's part. Schmidt also attacked the manner in which Sauer received his English license; clearly annoyed that he had obtained the license without having to take the coursework and student teaching, and had not taken classes for two years while other staff continued to take classes each year to work toward their certification. This personal attack was completely unrelated to the subject of the non-renewal grievance hearing and the hearing had not been scheduled as a disciplinary proceeding. Schmidt's statement sought to have the Board continue the non-renewal because of alleged misdeeds that were not part of the initial non-renewal. Schmidt did not provide any valid reason for the Board to continue the non-renewal now that Sauer had his English license. This is entirely inappropriate in the context of a non-renewal that was expressly not performance or discipline-related. If Schmidt believes one of the teachers behaved inappropriately, she has all the remedies available to her in the parties' agreement and does not have the right to use the alleged misdeeds to support her demand that the non-renewal not be rescinded.
At the June 16, 2004 Board grievance hearing, the Board did not fully restore Sauer's contract, because he had not agreed to obtain a license for Environmental Science for the following year. His non-renewal in March was related only to his English license, and by law the Board cannot come up with new reasons for non-renewal after the time for notice of non-renewal and actual non-renewal have passed. Nor could the Environmental Science license issue ever have supported a non-renewal of Sauer's teaching contract. The District knew in February, 2004, that Sauer was not appropriately licensed to teach the Environmental Science course, but never assigned him any course to fill the spot where that course had been. Even if the English license issue had not occurred, Sauer was having a 1/8th contract removed from his schedule for a situation the District now acknowledges was not his fault. The failure to provide Sauer with the remaining 1/8th of his contract thus becomes a layoff.
The non-renewed English courses were returned to Sauer's schedule and only the course to fill the Environmental Science slot is missing. Sauer's contract had not been non-renewed in regard to this class, nor by the District's own admission, was there cause to non-renew that portion of Sauer's contract. The District should never have assigned him to the course in 2002-2003, when it took away his Social Studies assignment in order to have him teach the course. There are numerous courses that Sauer can teach for the District that are presently being taught by persons who have less seniority. Thus, if there are too few courses to fill all teachers' schedules, it should not be Sauer's contract that is reduced.
The Association requests that the grievance be sustained and that the Arbitrator order the District to issue Sauer a full contract for the 2004-2005 school year and order that such contract be retroactive to the beginning of the year, order the District to remove all references to the non-renewal from Sauer's file and any other District file, order the District to provide all pay and benefits that were not provided to Sauer because of the 2004-2005 contract reduction, and order the District to return to Sauer any personal days or pay deducted due to Sauer's attendance at the hearings in this matter.
Page 28
MA-12729
District Reply
The District asserts that the Association made various factual misrepresentations in its initial brief. First, the Association asserts that District Administrator Schmidt agreed that Sauer would search out alternatives to taking courses at local universities, including checking out non-traditional offerings from various universities to see if Sauer could get certification. While it is true that Schmidt wrote that Sauer would check out non-traditional offerings from various universities, Sauer never explained his plan to Schmidt, nor did he include her on the communications regarding his attempts to work with Edgewood College in exploring alternative means of licensure. Thus, Schmidt believed that Sauer was exploring the possibility of taking classes without attending a classroom, such as online courses, as opposed to having his body of work reviewed and considered for full certification. Schmidt never agreed to wait until Sauer had received word about a university or college reviewing his body of work for that purpose and was not even aware that such a process existed.
The Association also asserted that Principal Johnsrud testified that the District fills out the schedules of its teachers, but neglected to reference the explanation Johnsrud had provided earlier in his testimony. By failing to address the context in which Johnsrud made the comment, the Association attempts to characterize his testimony as supporting the assertion that the District fills out teacher's schedules in all situations. However, as the rest of Johnsrud's testimony demonstrates, the District only fills out teacher's schedules to accommodate students' needs and desires. Other than Sauer's unsubstantiated assertions, the Association presented no evidence to prove the District has a binding past practice of accommodating the certification problems of teachers.
The Association also asserted that Schmidt testified that the assignment of the Environmental Science course to Sauer had been a "mistake of the school district." Again, this statement does not tell the whole story. Schmidt explained that in the spring of 2001, the District decided to make the Environmental Science course a required course for all students, which necessitated offering it for two sections, rather than one as in the past. Further, the District wanted to offer it for science credit, not realizing that Sauer's Agriculture certification would not suffice and that he could not teach a course for science credit without being licensed in Environmental Science. This was the "honest mistake" to which Schmidt was referring.
The Association also suggested that Jahnke had an "overload" because he was teaching seven courses, with both Advanced Placement English and Advanced Composition during fourth hour. The word "overload" has meaning in the District. If a teacher is teaching an overload, he/she is entitled to additional pay. Here, during fourth hour, Jahnke simply taught students who were taking his course for the AP English credit and other students who were taking it for the Advanced Composition credit. Thus, any attempt to suggest that Jahnke had an "overload" assignment while Sauer's contract was reduced must be viewed in this light.
Next, the District asserts that Sauer altered his way of dealing with Schmidt because the administration would not be intimidated or manipulated into changing his teaching assignment,
Page 29
MA-12729
rather than because he no longer believed the administration wanted to work in a cooperative manner with him on the issue of his English certification. A review of the record demonstrates that it was not the administration that would not cooperate with Sauer regarding the issue of his English certification, rather, it was Sauer who would not cooperate with the District in this regard. The record shows that the District asked Sauer to continue working toward his full English certification, a commitment he had made to the District from the day he was offered his teaching position in 1999. From the 1999-2000 school year to the 2003-2004 school year, the District took every step necessary to help Sauer renew his English certification annually, including for the 2003-2004 school year, when Schmidt went out of her way to help Sauer obtain his emergency license. Yet, when faced with the directive from DPI to complete nine credits by August 31, 2004 in order to renew the emergency license in English, rather than taking the English courses required for English certification, Sauer took a course in AP Economics and a course in AP History. He testified he took these courses in case the opportunity presented itself to teach the courses. Sauer was being uncooperative with the District's directive to renew his emergency license in English so he could create the opportunity for him to teach such classes. If the District would not let him teach any of those courses that he proposed, rather than take the courses necessary to renew his English certification, Sauer suggested that he could bump a less senior person in the Department or take a part-time teaching/part-time administrative contract.
During the May 4, 2004 meeting with Schmidt, Schmidt asked Sauer if he had reviewed the fall, spring and summer UW-Madison, Department of English's timetable for the courses he needed to complete his English certification. Sauer stated that he did not have time to review the timetable. Further, in discussing the problems related to the renewal of his English certification, Sauer had told Schmidt he did not have the "motivation or means" by which to take the credits needed to renew his English certification. This elusive and confrontational statement demonstrates that Sauer was being uncooperative even before he received the December 18, 2003 letter from Schmidt. Sauer was instead spending his time thinking of alternatives to him teaching English for the District. Given the foregoing, it is clear that Sauer, not the District, was being uncooperative with regard to the issue of his English certification. It is also important to note that Sauer's alteration of his way of dealing with the administration on December 18, 2003 does not explain why, to this date, the administration has seen no evidence of his communications to explore alternative means of licensure. Sauer claims that in February of 2003 he began exploring alternative certification when he contacted Peter Burke at DPI. Sauer provided Schmidt with a copy of his e-mail to Burke and thereafter failed to provide any further evidence of his "exploration", nor was any such evidence provided at hearing. The absence of this information confirming Sauer's efforts to obtain his English certification is inherently suspicious.
The District also asserts that it is the Board's non-renewal decision in March of 2004, not the June 16, 2004 grievance hearing, that the Arbitrator is charged with reviewing in this case. The Association and the District agree that the issue before the Arbitrator is whether the District had good reason/just cause to non-renew the teaching contract of Sauer for the 2004-2005 school year. It is also undisputed that the Board's non-renewal decision occurred on
Page 30
MA-12729
March 10, 2004. The Association attempts to change the focus of the arbitration from the Board's non-renewal decision in March to the grievance hearing in June of 2004. For purposes of determining whether the District had good reason/just cause for its decision, the time and the decision to evaluate is extremely important, as the reasonableness of management's actions must be assessed in the light of the facts available to management at the time. Citing Prairie Farm School District, supra. Further, "[a]s a general rule, when evaluating just cause for discipline, arbitrators restrict themselves to considering the information that was available to the employer when it imposed its penalty." Discipline and Discharge in Arbitration, ed. Norman Brand, p. 366 (ABA, 1998).
The Association is attempting to change the time when the District's actions are to be assessed because the facts in June of 2004 were more favorable to the Association. When the Board issued its non-renewal decision in March of 2004, the Board had a reasonable belief that Sauer would not be certified to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year. It is also reasonable to conclude that Sauer also did not believe that he would be licensed to teach English, or why else would he propose so many alternatives to teaching English for the 2004-2005 school year. While the facts are more favorable to the Association after May 7, 2004, when Sauer finally received word that he would be fully licensed in English, it is improper for the Arbitrator to shift focus from the real dispute, which is the Board's decision in March, 2004. If the Association intended to grieve the Board's actions on June 16, 2004, it needed to file a separate grievance from the one that it had filed and processed. While the failure to increase the teacher's contract is an appropriate grievance to bring before an arbitrator, it is not the issue before this arbitrator. Based on the contractual limitations found in Article III of the Agreement, the Arbitrator does not have the authority to review the Board's decision of June 16, 2004, and must disregard the evidence that occurred after the non-renewal decision was issued in March of 2004.
The District also asserts that the Association's references to the parties' settlement negotiations and subsequent actions must be disregarded when considering whether the District had good reason/just cause to non-renew Sauer's teaching contract. During the same time period there was the issue of Sauer's English certification, an issue also arose concerning his Environmental Science certification, however, the parties were able to negotiate a voluntary settlement of the grievance involving the latter. The District is concerned that the true motive behind negotiating the matter involving Sauer's Environmental Science situation was to create "evidence" to use against the District in this case.
The Association twice references a special meeting held by the Board on May 12, 2004 to consider Sauer's English license and asserts that the Board told Sauer they would give him a full contract for 2004-2005, if he signed a grievance settlement agreement. The Association is attempting to use this "evidence" to prove that the District had the obligation and/or ability to offer Sauer a full teaching contract at all times relevant to this dispute. However, the Association mistakes the meaning of the District's offer on May 12, 2004. At that time, the Board had two grievances pending concerning Sauer's licensure for the following school year. In an attempt to resolve both grievances, the Board decided it would be willing to offer Sauer a
Page 31
MA-12729
full teaching contract for the 2004-2005 school year. Despite the Association's attempt to attribute more to this offer, nothing more than a desire to resolve the grievances can be read into the offer. It is noted that as of May 12, 2004, the Board had not yet spent the time and energy required to defend the instant grievance. In an attempt to avoid the continued dispute, the Board offered the option of filling out Sauer's schedule for the 2004-2005 school year simply as a means of settlement. It is well-established that various factors are considered by parties when negotiating settlement agreements. They may offer more to resolve a claim than they truly believe they are obligated to provide. Both arbitrators and state law (Section 904.08, Stats.) display a preference to avoid relying upon settlement discussions. Thus, the Board's offer to settle Sauer's grievances in May of 2004 do not prove anything other than what the Board would be willing to do in order to resolve the matter without going to hearing, and does not suggest that the Board conceded to any wrongdoing or intended to repudiate its earlier action. Placing any significance on the Board's offers to settle the grievance filed by Sauer relating to his Environmental Science certification will send a message to employers to avoid negotiating settlement agreements during the pendency of an arbitration, because such negotiations will be used against the employer at the hearing.
The Association also cites the Board's decision on June 16th to increase Sauer's contract from 5/8ths to 7/8ths, as evidence that it was repudiating its March decision to non-renew his teaching contract. However, the Board was specific in its actions when it denied Sauer's grievance, and there is no evidence to suggest that the Board increased his contract as a means of repudiating its actions in March of 2004. It is well established that evidence of subsequent remedial measures taken by a party may not be used against the party to establish liability. Section 904.07, Stats. If such evidence could be used against a party, it would served as a disincentive to take such measures in the face of litigation. The decision to increase Sauer's contract on June 16th could be viewed as a subsequent remedial measure. The same public policy regarding not considering settlement negotiations supports the refusal to consider such evidence as to subsequent remedial measures. Further, if the Arbitrator intends to place any significance on the Board's decision to increase Sauer's contract on June 16th, he must also place significance on the fact that Sauer signed and returned both contracts, demonstrating his acceptance of their terms. When considering both actions, the Arbitrator must recognize that each respective party was not intending to abandon its position concerning Sauer's non-renewal; rather, both actions were simply smart actions to take under the circumstances.
The District also asserts that the Association's reliance on the award in Merrill Area Joint School District No. 1 is misplaced. This case is distinguishable from the Merrill case on several grounds. First, the teacher in Merrill had been given conflicting information by DPI as to what was required of him regarding certification. Here, DPI told Sauer what was expected of him and he chose to ignore DPI's directives, stating that he did not have the "motivation or means" by which to take the credits. The situation that Sauer put himself in is comparable to the situation caused by the teacher in Prairie Farms School District, supra. Additionally, unlike this case, the teacher in Merrill presented evidence that he was disadvantaged as compared to other teachers. Sauer failed to present any evidence to demonstrate that he was treated differently than any other teacher in the District. Thus, the Association's reliance on the Merrill case is misplaced.
Page 32
MA-12729
Finally, the District asserts that a teacher should not be permitted to hold a District hostage concerning his or her ability to teach certain courses for the upcoming school year. The Association suggests that the District could have reduced Sauer's contract under the parties' agreement or voided his contract under State Statute, Section 118.21, Stats., at the beginning of the 2004-2005 school year if he had not become certified in English. While it is true that the District could have waited until the beginning of the school year, if it did so, it would be detrimental to the District. The District would have to find a long-term substitute to teach the assigned courses, who may or may not be certified or qualified to do so. Further, a teacher who is still looking for employment in August is unlikely to be the most desirable teacher to be hired. Also, hiring a teacher at such a late date would certainly delay preparation, orientation and training. Further, in this case, the District was dealing with only one teacher who was jeopardizing his licensure by failing to take the necessary credits. If the Arbitrator concludes that the District must wait until the beginning of the 2004-2005 school year to determine whether a teacher, who has all but guaranteed he would not be certified to teach the courses to which he is assigned for the following school year, is certified, and if more than one teacher engaged in such conduct, the District could find itself trying to juggle its schedule with various teachers who are no longer certified to teach the courses they were assigned. This would be an unbearable result for a district.
Association Reply
The Association asserts that the District's initial brief significantly misstates many of the facts and also asserts other facts for which there is no substantiation in the record. First, there is a constant refrain in the District's brief that Sauer intentionally did nothing and told the District nothing in regard to his license issue; however, the evidence demonstrates the fallacy of the claim. Sauer approached Schmidt with the issues regarding his certification, and did not wait until the District told him he had a problem. He told Schmidt in January of 2003 that he was not able to take courses he needed to fulfill his certification requirement because he courses were offered by local universities only during the school day. Schmidt's memo of that meeting notes that they discussed Sauer's certification problems and that it was agreed that he would not only explore non-traditional offerings from other universities, but also contact DPI for its suggestions. Schmidt specifically notes Sauer's desire to continue teaching English. Following the meeting, Sauer copied Schmidt on an e-mail he sent to Peter Burke at DPI in which Sauer asked about alternative licensing for persons with his non-traditional background. Based on Burke's reply and other material he had read about PI34, Sauer decided to seek such alternative licensing. Sauer could not make any absolute statements to the District that he would be licensed for the 2004-2005 school year, but Burke's e-mail noted his situation was specifically to be addressed by PI34. His non-traditional background, which included significant academics and teaching experience, made him a prime candidate for the licensure. Also, because of the nature of alternative licensing, Sauer was not able to give assurances that he would receive a license until such license was issued, hopefully before July 1, 2004. During the 2002-2003 school year, no one in the administration told him that he should not follow that path toward certification. Despite Burke's statements about alternative licensing and Sauer's statements to her that he was seeking alternative licensing, Schmidt claims she had
Page 33
MA-12729
no reason to believe that Sauer would get such a license. However, she did not tell him this and in fact never responded when he said he was pursuing alternative certification. Schmidt never asked Sauer for any documentation in this regard until the May 4, 2004 grievance meeting and never asked what Burke was referring to when he said that "situations" like Sauer's would have better resolve under PI34. She never asked Sauer the basis of his belief that he could be alternatively certified and never undertook to ascertain if Sauer might qualify for such certification. Schmidt offered no basis for her belief and never told Sauer that she thought Burke was wrong.
Further, Schmidt assisted Sauer in obtaining an emergency license for the 2003-2004 school year even though he had not taken the necessary coursework. She gave him no ultimatums about doing the coursework, but instead contacted DPI in the spring of 2003 to find out what could be done. While Sauer did not take any credits over the summer of 2003, he brought up his plans to seek alternative licensing at his meeting on November 21, 2003 with Schmidt and again in his memo to her of December 18, 2003. Again, Schmidt did not inform Sauer that she believed his pursuit of alternative licensing was futile. Although Sauer was aware that the District insisted he be licensed to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year, prior to Schmidt's December 18, 2003 formal letter to him, Sauer was not aware the District required that he become certified only in the way the District demanded.
There is no evidence to support the District's argument that Sauer did not want to get certified in English and thus was proposing alternative teaching assignments. The proposals Sauer made were always made as contingencies if he was not able to be licensed by alternative means. His desire to continue to teach English was acknowledged both by Schmidt in her January 17, 2003 memo, and by Johnsrud, who testified that Sauer always intended to renew his English license. Further, suggestions for alternatives did not dominate Sauer's discussions, as suggested by the District's brief. Sauer proposed specific contingencies or alternatives only at the January 17, 2003 and February 16, 2004 meetings. At both meetings, he expressed his intention to obtain certification in English. In his December 18, 2003 memo to Schmidt regarding their November 21, 2003 meeting, Sauer made clear the connection between those contingencies and his efforts to obtain alternative licensing in English. Further, his memo does not, as claimed by the District, suggest specific alternatives for Sauer in case he was not certified in English for the 2004-2005 school year, rather, it discusses his concern that the District does not offer anything for the students beyond "survey courses". This concern was not related specifically to his license issues, and he was not suggesting that he teach those courses.
The District's assertion that after the November 21st meeting and when Sauer discussed alternative means of obtaining a license, Schmidt understood that Sauer was looking for a means of securing a license without sitting in a classroom, such as taking online courses, can be given no credence. Schmidt had clearly stated in her memo that: "You stated that you would not have the nine credits by August, 2004." Sauer verified this understanding in his memo of December 18th when he said that he was not motivated to take the nine credits. Schmidt could not believe that Sauer would be planning to take online courses when she clearly
Page 34
MA-12729
understood that he was not looking to take the nine credits. Finally, the District asserts that Sauer never denied Schmidt's statement in her November 21st memo that he would not be licensed to teach English for the 2004-2005 school year. Sauer's response memo of December 18th specifically states that he had not given up obtaining English certification and that he was still trying to obtain a license by alternative means. While Schmidt testified that Sauer did not discuss his pursuit of alternative licensing at this meeting, Horn's contemporaneous notes of the meeting unequivocally show that Sauer did raise the issue of alternative licensing. The District's administrators clearly ignored Sauer every time he raised alternative licensing and only responded to the contingency plans that he hoped the District would consider, if he could not obtain an English license.
The District's claim that Sauer's investigation of the "At Risk" program was another way of his attempting to get around his obligations to be licensed in English, is disingenuous. Not only did Schmidt not testify to this, the evidence does not support the allegation. In March of 2003, Schmidt sent Sauer an e-mail that said "Think about HS at risk." Schmidt acknowledged that she was not sure who had raised the issue, but she had asked Sauer to investigate it.
Finally, while it is accurate that Sauer could not be certain that he would be awarded a full English certification based on his experience and background, and understood that if he did not get the certification, the District could decrease his contract, he believed that since he was certified to teach English and had a legitimate expectation of being certified, that the District would provide him the opportunity to obtain the alternative certification before taking any action. The District did not, however, provide him that opportunity.
The Association also disputes the District's assertion that Schmidt's lack of belief in alternative licensing was reasonable. The District relies upon the note from Schwingle from DPI and Schmidt's statement that she had never known a teacher to obtain certification except by completing coursework to support its assertion. Neither supports a good reason for this belief. Schwingle's letter was only in regard to an emergency license, and had no bearing on Sauer's right or ability to obtain a full license to teach English by alternative methods. Further, the fact that Schmidt did not know anyone to have obtained a license by alternative means is not probative. Schmidt did not present herself as an expert on licensing, and made no claims to having any knowledge regarding licensing beyond her years as an administrator. Second, as Schmidt was aware, PI34 was to go into effect July 1, 2004. Finally, Schmidt's statement that she did not believe that Sauer could become licensed by alternative means is implausible. If she believed this, why did not she tell this to Sauer, as Sauer was not aware that there was a reason he should undertake to educate her about such licensing.
The Association also asserts that the District's actions in regard to the assignment of the Environmental Science course is probative evidence. The District now admits that it made a mistake with its assignment of the course to Sauer, and does not allege that he was obligated to obtain a license to teach the subject. Schmidt had Sauer's Environmental Science class removed from the draft schedule for the upcoming 2004-2005 school year. At the time of
Page 35
MA-12729
Sauer's March 10th non-renewal conference, the Environmental Science issue was not before the Board and the Board determined to non-renew only Sauer's contract as it applied to his two English classes. The District acknowledges in its brief that the Board intended that Sauer would still have four classes after his non-renewal. However, it never assigned a course to fill the Environmental Science spot in Sauer's schedule. After Sauer filed a grievance about his assignment to teach a course outside his certification, the Board became aware of the issue.
The Association also disputes the assertion that it was improper for Sauer to wait to tell the District of his license to teach English. As Sauer explained at hearing, he was not certain that DPI would issue a license based on the Edgewood certification. Second, in its non-renewal notice to Sauer, the District and Board had expressly required Sauer to have proof of license from the DPI before it would consider his situation again. Based on that mandate, Sauer's failure to present evidence prior to obtaining his license was reasonable. If he had simply presented evidence of certification without licensure, Schmidt surely would have told him that the Board required proof of licensure. Further, the evidence is clear that Sauer sought to learn the status of the license application that Edgewood College had filed, and sought to expedite the licensing process so he could present his license to the District as early as possible. Sauer's May 4th meeting with Schmidt occurred before he knew he would be certified to teach English. Sauer kept checking on the status of his application and when he learned it, informed the District through Johnsrud on May 7, 2004, that he had obtained a full license to teach English. Schmidt then sent an e-mail to DPI the next day inquiring about how Sauer could have been given a license since he had not taken any courses. Schmidt was not checking to see if he had a license, as she had already seen that on the DPI website, but was questioning whether the license was legitimate. Despite Sauer having told her numerous times that he was seeking alternative licensing, Schmidt refused to give credence to his pursuit of the alternative license, and clearly did not think it was appropriate for Sauer to obtain a license in this manner. Schmidt's e-mail to DPI also validates Sauer's concerns that Schmidt might have attempted to sabotage his license application if she had been told of its submission to DPI.
The assertion that the return of the two English courses on June 16, 2004 is unrelated to the non-renewal issue is untenable. After deliberating in closed session on the sole issue of Sauer's grievance, the Board announced that it was denying the grievance, but giving Sauer back the two English classes that were the subject of the grievance. The actions were taken in conjunction with one another, and cannot be separated. The Board's actions effectively rescinded its March non-renewal of the two English classes. The only reason the Board denied the grievance was to cover up the non-renewal of the 1/8th contract based on the Environmental Science class the District had mistakenly assigned to Sauer, but could no longer assign to him.
The District's brief also states that Sauer and Horn claim that they heard the Board President tell Attorney Brown that the Board not increase Sauer's contract to full-time, because the Board had just learned that he did not have his Environmental Science certification, however, there was no contradiction to the testimony of Sauer and Horn in that regard. Schmidt testified that she did not remember what the Board's President's response was, apparently remembering that the question was asked. Further, if the Board President had not
Page 36
MA-12729
given the response to which Sauer and Horn testified, the District would surely have presented evidence to that regard.
The District's discussion regarding scheduling and its inability to adjust the schedule has no substantiation in the record. First, the District claims it would be detrimental to the District to wait until closer to the beginning of the school year to confirm that a teacher would be certified to teach a certain class. While this may be so, this difficulty must be weighed against the loss of employment for which the teacher was appropriately certified to teach by the beginning of the school year. The District also overreaches. When teachers are taking courses to meet emergency licensing requirements, it is not known until the end of the summer whether the teacher has completed and passed the necessary courses for the emergency license. The District takes such chances on a regular basis. The District also asserts that if it did not non-renew Sauer in March and it turned out he could not teach the English class at the time school started, it could not then reduce his contract. However, Section 118.21(1), Stats., provides that a contract with a person not legally authorized to teach the named subject shall be void, and that the teaching contract shall terminate when the authority to teach terminates. This would have been the case with Sauer's contract, if he had not had the appropriate license at the start of the 2004-2005 school year.
It also should be noted that the District offers no proof that it could not provide Sauer with a full schedule at the time he obtained full licensure.
The Association also raises a number of substantive arguments in its reply brief. First, as to the burden of proof, it asserts that the District has the burden of proving that it had just cause/good reason to non-renew Sauer in March of 2004. The District attempts to distinguish the standards by writing the word "good" in "good reason" out of that standard to make it a lesser standard. It argues that the good reason standard is met if the District can point to any reasonable and identifiable criteria to support its decision. This position is not supported by the parties' bargaining history, the cases cited by the District, or other case law. The record shows that the parties changed the contract language from "good reason" to "just cause" without any discussion. Had either party considered the change to be material, there certainly would have been discussions. The cases cited by the District are also not helpful to its argument. PPG Industries specifically defines "just cause" as "good and sufficient reason." The Wisconsin Supreme Court case of Mueller v. Jensen does not provide a usable definition of the "good reason" standard in the parties' agreement, as it is concerned with a statutory "good and sufficient reason" standard in the filing of a recall petition against a public official. Finally, the Village of Deerfield decision involved the issue of whether there was "sufficient" reasons for holding another unit election. The modifiers "good" and "sufficient" are not equal as the latter implies that there is enough of a reason, while the former goes to the quality of the reason presented. The standard here is not that the Board needed a "reason" for its decision, it needed a "good reason". There are numerous cases that equate just cause with good reason.
Page 37
MA-12729
As to what constitutes "just cause" or "good reason", the Association does not dispute the District's assertion that a proper analysis can be based on basic standards of fairness. However, it believes that the disciplinary framework for just cause is not appropriate in this case. The Board non-renewed Sauer and the notice expressly stated that the non-renewal was not based on any performance issue.
The Association reiterates that neither the Board's non-renewal on March 10, 2004, nor denial of the grievance on June 16, 2004, meets the good reason/just cause standard. With regard to the March non-renewal, the record demonstrates the District knew from at least January, 2003 forward that Sauer was exploring, and had decided to seek, alternative licensing for his English license, but did not tell him that this would be unacceptable. It was not until December 18, 2003 that Schmidt told Sauer that he would have to take coursework, and locate and sign up for such coursework within the next month and a half. Until that point, Sauer believed that Schmidt was willing to assist him in pursuing alternative licensing. Thus, there is no long history of failure to act or insubordination by Sauer. Further, based on Schmidt's lack of reasonable knowledge or belief regarding alternative licensing, her presentation to the Board was unreasonably biased against Sauer's efforts. Based on the knowledge she had, a reasonable person would have either investigated further or given the teacher the opportunity to obtain the license. The cases cited by the District for the proposition that a school board may non-renew a teacher in Sauer's position are substantively distinguishable. The teacher in the School District of LaCrosse case had not failed to get certification, rather the certification the teacher had, and could continue to renew, was no longer acceptable for the program. In Prairie Farm, the teacher in that case had allowed his license to lapse before the next school year, despite warnings from the District. The District obtained a provisional license for the teacher for the next year, but warned him that he had to be fully certified by non-renewal time the following year. However, the teacher again did nothing.
Here, the District appears to have non-renewed Sauer in March because he was not following the route the District wanted him to follow to be licensed in English. Sauer had no obligation to follow the route chosen by the District. The parties' Agreement requires only that the teacher "keep his/her file up to date". Sauer's file was up to date at the time of his non-renewal as it had up to date certifications for English, and his file was always up to date as he obtained his full license before his emergency license to teach English expired.
Regarding the June 16, 2004 denial of his grievance, the Board's decision at the grievance hearing is independent from its non-renewal decision, and must independently meet the good reason/just cause standards. It cannot do so, as the reason for non-renewal had disappeared and the District had not been harmed by the delay in obtaining the license, and offered no good reason that it would not be able to give Sauer a full contract. The District's assertion that since it had good reason in March for non-renewal, it must necessarily have good reason in June to continue the non-renewal, comports with neither arbitral precedent nor fair play. Arbitrators have often taken the position that deadlines cannot be used to deny employment to an employee when there has been no harm to the employer for missing the deadline. Citing, Whitewater Education Association v. Whitewater Unified School
Page 38
MA-12729
District, 113 Wis. 2d 151, 159 (Court of Appeals, 1983). The Board also does not have the right to ignore evidence that nullifies its earlier decision, even if that earlier decision meets a good reason or just cause standard. To be able to do so renders the grievance proceeding meaningless. This is demonstrated by the example where the evidence initially points to a person having engaged in misconduct and the employer disciplines the employee for that misconduct, and then later discovers during the grievance procedure that it was not the employee who was guilty of the misconduct. As is the case here, the reason for the employer taking the action initially cannot be relied on later when it considers the grievance and the reasons for the initial action are no longer present.
The Association also asserts that there is clear evidence that the Board's June 16, 2004 actions had an improper basis. While the District objects to the mention of the Environmental Science issue, the Association has not attempted to make the Environmental Science grievance settlement a part of this case, but has shown that the Board's actions on June 16th in not rescinding its non-renewal were based on improper reasons, i.e., that the Board not rescind its non-renewal because it was annoyed at Sauer for not obtaining an emergency license to teach Environmental Science for the 2004-2005 school year. The Board has no right to uphold the non-renewal of a teacher after March 15th for reasons unrelated to the original non-renewal. The Association asserts that it has undisputed evidence to support this allegation. First, the District had removed Environmental Science from Sauer's schedule in late winter, and had not replaced it with any other assignment, despite acknowledging that the Board intended its non-renewal to leave Sauer teaching four courses, rather than the six taught by a teacher with a full contract. Yet, when the Board reassigned Sauer's two English classes to him in June, the Environmental Science piece of his schedule was still missing. The District does not claim that it was not obligated to provide Sauer with an assignment to make up for the Environmental Science class. The District also has always treated the Environmental Science class as connected with the non-renewal, as evidenced by Schmidt's and the Board President's statements at the June 16th Board meeting. To now deny the connection is outrageous and not credible.
DISCUSSION
As can be seen by the extent of that portion of the parties' briefs devoted to a recitation of the factual record, this case primarily turns on the facts.
There are potentially a number of issues in this case. First, there is some dispute as to the contractual standard to be applied in this case. While the Association concedes that the Board's decision on March 10, 2004 was made before the parties ratified the 2003-2005 Agreement and was, therefore, subject to the "good reason" standard in the 2001-2003 contract, it asserts that the Board's subsequent decisions regarding the non-renewal of Sauer's teaching contract were subject to the just cause standard in the new agreement.
In this case, there is, however, no substantive difference between the application of the "just cause" standard in the new agreement and the "good reason" standard for non-renewal in
Page 39
MA-12729
the parties' 2001-2003 agreement. The non-renewal notice the Board sent to Sauer specifically emphasizes that the Board's decision "has nothing to do with your performance." Thus, the Board's decision was not a disciplinary action and the traditional two-step analysis to determine if there is just cause would not be appropriate. In this case, the question is whether there was a sufficient factual basis upon which a reasonable person would have concluded that Sauer would not obtain certification to teach English by the start of the 2004-2005 school year. For the following reasons, it is concluded that the District has not established that a sufficient basis for such a conclusion existed at the time of the Board's decision.
The Board's decision in March of 2004 must be viewed in the context of what had occurred in the prior school year, as well as what had occurred in the 2003-2004 school year up to that time. The record indicates Sauer did not take the six credits in English during the 2002-2003 school year or in the summer of 2003 that he needed to renew his provisional license to teach English for the 2003-2004 school year, due to the unavailability of such classes outside of school hours or the school year. In January of 2003, Sauer had discussed with Schmidt the difficulty of finding available classes and there is no evidence that Schmidt questioned whether that difficulty was real.
While Sauer did not take the required six credits to renew his English license for the 2003-2004 school year, he did obtain letters from Cardinal Stritch College and the UW-Madison indicating they not did offer the needed classes in the evenings or during the summer so that he was able to obtain his emergency English license for the 2003-2004 school year. Although the emergency license was granted, DPI stated that Sauer would have to obtain nine credits in English by August 31, 2004 in order to renew the license.
Also in early 2003, Sauer had contacted DPI regarding obtaining certification based upon his body of prior academic work and experience. Sauer shared DPI's response with Schmidt. While that response indicated that a college could certify a student on that basis, but that this "rarely occurs", it went on to state that PI34 would provide an opportunity "for a true performance based alternative license" effective July 1, 2004. In her April 24, 2003 e-mail to Sauer, Schmidt indicated she would bring up Sauer's "scenario" in her meeting with DPI and a university person, but that her network told her PI34 would not be mandated and "therefore no flexibility in teacher licensing." Thus, it appears that from the beginning, Schmidt did not view Sauer's pursuing an alternative means of obtaining certification as a viable option.
Schmidt and Sauer met again in November of 2003 to discuss Sauer's situation as to certification in English. In her memo to Sauer summarizing this discussion, Schmidt indicated Sauer had stated he was "not motivated" to obtain the nine credits he needed to renew his license, as no required courses were offered when he was available in the second semester or the summer. Schmidt concluded from this that Sauer would not be licensed in English. However, in his response of December 18, 2003, Sauer stated that he had not given up on obtaining the certification and planned to contact DPI and Dr. Zeitner at UW-Madison and persons at other certifying schools "in an effort to develop an alternative means to meet the DPI prerequisites" and that he thought that was "what PI34 is all about."
Page 40
MA-12729
Schmidt testified that she interpreted Sauer's reference to "alternative means" of obtaining certification as finding courses which he could take on-line or otherwise take without attending classes. This could not be the case, as she had already concluded that Sauer was not going to take courses to earn the nine credits and Sauer had verified this in his December 18, 2003 memo to her. As to PI34, Schmidt testified that she did not know much about it, nor did she inquire as to what it entailed. However, Sauer testified that he explained to her what PI34 involved in their January 17, 2003 meeting. Further, her April 24, 2003 e-mail to Sauer indicates she had some knowledge as to PI34, but that she did not believe it would help Sauer. Schmidt conceded she did not know much about Sauer's educational or work background, other than that he had previously worked as an attorney. Thus, the claim that Schmidt had no basis upon which to believe that Sauer would be successful in pursuing alternative means to certification is based on her failure to learn more about what such alternative means entailed and about Sauer's background. Schmidt's claimed unfamiliarity in these regards and her unwillingness to gain that information, is not a basis for discounting Sauer's ability to obtain the English certification by alternative means, or the likelihood of his doing so, and is not a sufficient basis for Schmidt's or the Board's belief that Sauer would not be certified for the 2004-2005 school year to teach English.
The District makes much of Sauer's continuing to propose options to his teaching English as evidence that he did not intend to obtain the certification. While it might be viewed as demonstrating uncertainty on Sauer's part about whether he would be able to obtain the certification, considering or offering such options would seem to be a prudent action for one to take in his situation. This is especially the case after Schmidt's December 18, 2003 letter giving him the February 1, 2004 deadline for proving he was registered for the nine credits and stating his contract would be non-renewed if he did not do so. Further, the Association's representative, John Horn, testified, and his notes indicate, that at the end of their February 16, 2004 meeting with Schmidt and Johnsrud, besides having discussed other options, Sauer stated he may still get his certification. Sauer testified that he also told the Board in his private non-renewal conference that he still hoped to be certified to teach English.
In her letter of December 18, 2003, Schmidt gave Sauer a deadline of February 1, 2004, to provide the Board with written certification from a college and DPI confirming he was registered for the nine credits to be completed by August 31, 2004. This again demonstrates Schmidt's belief that there was only one way for Sauer to obtain certification in English, i.e., take the courses, and that pursuing an alternative means would be futile. Further, the District's claim that it had to act then, and could not wait to find out if Sauer would be certified to teach English, because of the problems it would have in finding someone at that point to teach the English classes, is diminished by the fact that it had taken no action by May to find someone, even though Schmidt and the Board assertedly did not believe Sauer would be certified. Moreover, the record indicates that there were other teachers in the District with licenses that would expire at the end of the school year, but there is no indication that they were given such a deadline to establish that they were already registered to take the courses needed to renew their licenses or face non-renewal.
Page 41
MA-12729
This is not to say that the District did not have reason to be concerned that Sauer would not be able to obtain certification in English by the start of the 2004-2005 school year. Schmidt was aware of the difficulty Sauer was having in finding the necessary courses when he could take them and he had stated he was not motivated to take them when it would require a leave of absence from his teaching position in the District. (2) Also, obtaining certification from a college based upon one's past academic work and work experience was a rare occurrence according to Peter Burke's e-mail and PI34 was new at the time and not yet in effect. Further, it appears that Sauer considered himself to be sufficiently important and valuable to the District, that it would or should accommodate him, if he did not obtain the English certification. However, having reasons to be concerned or being put off by Sauer's attitude were not sufficient to establish a basis for non-renewing his teaching contract at that time.
Given Schmidt's and the Board's lack of knowledge of what PI34 entailed, and despite Schmidt's doubts about its viability as an option, given Sauer's educational background and prior work experience and the possibility of his obtaining certification in English on that basis, rather than taking coursework, the Board did not have a sufficient basis upon which to reasonably conclude that he would not be certified to teach English by the start of the 2004-2005 school year. Thus, it is concluded that the District did not have good reason to non-renew Sauer's teaching contract and issue him a partial teaching contract for the 2004-2005 school year. Having so concluded, it is not necessary or appropriate to address issues involving what occurred after the Board's March 10, 2004 decision to non-renew Sauer.
As a remedy, the District is to make Sauer whole by paying him the difference in the wages and the benefits he received for the 2004-2005 school year and the wages and benefits he would have received had his teaching contract not been reduced to 87.5 percent, and to remove any mention of the non-renewal from his personnel file. Whether Sauer was to use a personal day or not be compensated for attending the hearing are separate issues from those before the Arbitrator, and are not within the scope of the Arbitrator's authority to resolve in this case.
Based upon the foregoing, the evidence, and the arguments of the parties, the undersigned makes and issues the following
AWARD
The District did not have good reason to non-renew Steven Sauer's teaching contract for the 2004-2005 school year. Therefore, the grievance is sustained and the District is directed to immediately make Steven Sauer whole by paying him the difference between the
Page 42
MA-12729
salary and benefits he received for the 2004-2005 school year and the salary and benefits he would have received had his teaching contract for that year not been reduced to 87.5 percent, and to remove any mention of the non-renewal from his personnel file.
Dated at Madison, Wisconsin, this 9th day of September, 2005.
David E. Shaw, Arbitrator
DES/gjc
6887
1As will be discussed below, there is an issue as to whether the parties' 2001-2003 agreement or 2003-2005 agreement applies in this case.
2 While the District notes Sauer never asked about taking a leave of absence, there is no assertion that it would have been granted, had he asked.Your “No Makeup” Makeup Looks, Part 3
Temptalia Readers Share Their “No Makeup” Makeup Looks!
And part three… one more to go!
ANYA is 21 years old and lives in Russia. She prefers to spend her time (and money!) on her makeup obsession rather than her “serious” thesis about modern art and literature (which she is getting her degree in!). Though they don’t have MAC in Russia, when she travels to Europe, she buys all the MAC she can!
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: The whole look was about creating a warm and fresh glow. It only took 5 minutes, and I really loved the result.
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used Diorshow Iconic Mascara. On the face, she used Chanel #10 Vitalumiere Eclat Compact Makeup, Guerlain #01 Precious Light Rejuvenating Illuminator, Guerlain Teinte Rosee Meteorites Perles, and Armani #2 Powder Blush. On lips, she used Dolce & Gabbana Baby Darling Shine Lipstick and Guerlain Cupidon Lip Pencil.
KC is 25 years old and from Barbados. She absolutely loves the art of makeup. To KC, her face is a canvas to manipulate anyway she wants. She says, “Sometimes you don’t always get it right but trying is part of the fun!”
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: This is more of a day look for me than a natural look, but it isn’t too far off!
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used MAC Flip Eyeshadow (inner), MAC Aztec Brick Eyeshadow (lid), NYX Brown Eyeshadow (crease), MAC Graphblack Technakohl, and L’Oreal Voluminous Mascara. She skipped foundation and kept lips simple with MAC Band of Roses Mineralize Blush dusted on with clear lipgloss.
VANIA is all about accentuating her full lips! She believes brows make the face and feels her brows look naked without a lil’ bit of help!
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: What I love about my look is that its natural but yet I’m wearing makeup. It only takes me 5-10 minuites to do my makeup. This is pretty much my everyday look, I switch up the lip products of different lip liners and nude/ pink lipsticks. I’m a sucker for pink lipstick!
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used MAC Fluidline on the upper lash line and MAC Smolder on the waterline. She skipped foundation, but she did brows with MAC Taupe Impeccable Brow Pencil and MAC Show Off Brow Set. She used NYX #810 Natural Lipliner and MAC Fleshpot lipstick on her lips.
ILANA is 32 years old and lives in Sao Paulo, Brazil. She just finished up her PhD in Genetics (WOW!). In 2007, she went to a professional makeup artistry school, but she currently only freelances.
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: What I love about the look is that people think that you just woke up like that!! That your skin is always perfect!! Specially those girls that don’t care about makeup or anything related to facial care and say, “Your skin is sooo beautiful, I wish mine was like this.” Then I have to hold myself to not tell them: My skin is like this because I wash my face, hydrate, use sun block and remove my makeup everyday with appropriate products. I don’t wash my face with my body wash in the shower! You should try this!
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used Sephora #09 Flashy Pink Liner, Urban Decay Underground 24/7 Liner, and CoverGirl Brown LashBlast Mascara. On her face, she used MAC NC25 Studio Fix Foundation, MAC NW25 Studio Finish Concealer, and MAC Melba Blush. On lips, she used MAC Viva Glam V Lipstick.
ETAOIN is a 24 year old Masters student who is just finishing up her thesis. She’s Irish and lives near Dublin, and she can’t wait to start enjoying her summer!
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: I love how easy and quick this is to do!
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used MAC Bisque Eyeshadow, IsaDora Mulberry Eyeshadow Duo, Elizabeth Arden Smokey Eyeliner, and Lancome Hypnose Drama Mascara. On her face, she used a mix of Make Up For Ever Face & Body and Giorgio Armani Luminous Silk set with MAC Translucent Powder and Pout Coral Eyeshadow on cheeks. On lips, she used Elizabeth Arden 8 Hour Cream.
ENNA is 32 years old and was born in the Dominican Republic. For the past six years, she’s been living in Munich, Germany working as a freelance makeup artist and stylist. You can find her on YouTube.
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: What I love about my look is that it gives me a nice radiance without looking “done”. It works great for oily skin.
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used MAC Taupe Impeccable Brow Pencil, L’Oreal Black Lineur Intense, and CoverGirl LashBlast Mascara. On the face, she used Laura Mercier S5 Secret Camouflage, Benefit Powderflage, MAC C8 Studio Fix Powder, MAC NC55 Studio Fix Powder (contour), and MAC Garb Blush. For lips, she used MAC Soothing Beige Tinted Lip Conditioner.
BRIDGETTE is obsessed with makeup–she lives and breathes cosmetics. She loves to discover new techniques, color combos, and ways to use her products. Makeup is her stress reliever and the main reason she’s up so late at night! She writes mini-reviews, shows off her looks, and gives makeup advice on her blog.
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: What I love about my no makeup look is that it takes less than 10 minutes and highlights all of my best features, eyes, lips and cheeks! I feel confident and effortlessly sexy!
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used Napoleon Perdis Black Black Long Black Mascara. On her face, she used Bobbi Brown Warm Almond 6.5 Touch Up Stick, Mally Beauty Rich Visible Skin Adjustable Foundation Powder, NARS Cadques Sheer Multiple, and NARS Super Orgasm Blush. On lips, she used Napoleon Perdis Auto-Pilot Lip Service and B Sexy Lipgloss.
STEF is the co-editor of we heart this, a site that is a little bit of everything, a whole lot of love. What does she love most? Beauty, of course!
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: I love this look because I think I could do it with my eyes closed! And it’s not so much that I feel overdone, but enough to make me feel confident.
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used Laura Geller Brow Marker, Laura Geller Eye Spackle, MAC Next to Nothing Eyeshadow (lid), Shu Uemura IR 800 Eyeshadow (lid), MAC Teddy Eye Kohl, MAC Garb Blush (crease), and Blinc Mascara. On the face, she used Tarte #04 Smooth Operator Tinted Moisturizer and MAC Garb Blush. On lips, she wore Bare Escentuals Wild Honey Lipgloss.
KALI is a girl who loves all the good things in life: makeup, chocolate-dipped strawberries, and afternoon naps in the middle of a summer day. You can find out more about her at her blog.
WHAT SHE LOVES ABOUT HER LOOK: My favorite part about my look is the subtle eyeliner on my upper lashline. It makes me look more awake! I also like that the look doesn’t take long and looks pretty natural.
WHAT SHE USED: On eyes, she used NARS Alhambra Eyeshadow, Benefit Creaseless Cream Shadow (base), Eyeko Natural Brown Graffiti Eyeliner Pen, Prestige My Biggest Lashes Mascara, and Styli-Style Brown Browliner24. On her face, she used Fresh Twilight Freshface Glow (mixed with lotion) and Cargo Topeka Blush. On lips, she wore NARS Angelikaoo fun i am so mad i missed out LOL! Bridgette, girl you better work!
LOL Thanks!
Lovely looks, ladies… You’re all gorgeous!
I’m sad I missed the note to email a look in! I’d have loved to participate. These are really fun to look through, with the variety of faces and styles involved!
Good job, ladies!
AAh my photography leaves a lot to be desired! i’ll try not to be too self critical though! love all the looks, everyone has such great eyebrows especially, i love well groomed brows!
Hush yo’ mouth!! It was lovely!
Wow, Bridgette’s look is super gorgeous. Great blush!
Omg Bridgette’s cheeks are so pretty! I need to try that combination!
omg anya, bridgette ,enna are gorgeous!! Beautiful looks by everyone!!
Aaaahhh! I’m in with such a gorgeous group. Everyone looks simply radiant.
KC, you look radiant too!! And I love how you wear the Aztec Brick – I wish I could pull off that color!!
I love seeing everyone’s looks – great idea Christine!
all of you are beautiful!! And the brows, look amazing. Work it ladies!
bridgette has the most incredible skin!
lovely work ladies!
Lovely looks! Bridgette, Ilana, Kali and Enna are my faves in this round, but once again, everyone looks great!
my favorite one is KALI. i loved everything about her look. the dewy skin, suble blush and eyeliner, and her pink lips. gorgeous!
This is so fun to see where everyone is from all around the world!
wow! everyone looks great!
Thanks Christine for publishing
Everybody looks great! I really like Ilana’s look.
These posts are so awesome! Great to see other readers
Everybody looks so great!
Bridgette your cheeks are amazing
The ladies all look lovely! However, I admit I don’t quite understand the point of wearing so many products while looking like you’re wearing no makeup. Seems easier to just wear no makeup like I do…
Love the looks! You look great Bridgette!!!
I loved Stef’s look. So simple, yet so good! She really shows the value in finding the right products for you and creating a simple and straight forward routine. It truly is a confidence booster to have a signature classic go-to look like this. Stef is just stunning!!
Thanks for all the compliments guys!! Thanks for posting me Christine!
I love Enna’s make up channel, she’s very nice !
Thanks Claudia, isn’t this makeup community wonderful!
Wonderful!
Wow, what a beautiful group! I’m honored to be in such glowing company.
Way to go, to the ladies in all 4 parts. And thanks Christine for doing something so fun.
there isn’t a button for this; but i LOVE IT
This was so much fun! It’s so weird seeing myself on Temptalia!! =P I really love everyone’s looks -all the ladies from Parts 1, 2, 3, AND 4 look gorgeous. Everyone did a great job. =)
Thanks for the looks – all the models look great but if you continue the series please create a look for a women with deep, dark complexion like myself (MAC NW 45 – 47 – 50 – 55 ranges). TIA.
These are reader submissions, so what you see is based on who submits. I encourage you to submit your look next time so that it can add to the diversity
I believe there are at least 3-5 who fit those ranges, though!
Steff and Bridgette look wonderful, the rest too. Getting Started (zh TW) - Revision history 2015-05-22T10:17:18Z Revision history for this page on the wiki MediaWiki 1.20.2 There is no edit history for this page. 2015-05-22T10:17:18Z <p>The requested page does not exist. It may have been deleted from the wiki, or renamed. Try <a href="/Special:Search" title="Special:Search">searching on the wiki</a> for relevant new pages. </p>hello all i have bought a hyundai mb-9730 last week and today when i want to start my tablet it' won't startwhen i press power button it say only starting if i connect a keyboard and i press alt+f1 appear a blank screen it't there any way how can i reinstall android ? can i install other SO? if i press power + home appear a firmware update if i press power + M appear a exclamation mark i didn't find hyunday official site i did't fint nothing about that tabletFor over 30 years, Captain Troy Perez has guided on the Indian River and Mosquito Lagoon. Selected by Saltwater Sportsman magazine as one of the top 50 fishing guides in the world, Captain Troy is responsible for well over 75 world records on both fly and light tackle.
Captain Troy primarily sight fishes for giant redfish, cobia, triple-tail, trout, tarpon, black drum, jacks and ladyfish.
Article Preview
Bill banning alcohol at games goes before N.D. lawmakers today
Published 01/17/2011, Grand Forks Herald
A bill banning alcohol at collegiate athletic events and several other bills that could impact UND and North Dakota State University are going before state lawmakers this week.Word count: 227
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.Article Preview
Rosemount Rotary names new Student of the Month
Published 11/03/2012, Rosemount Town Pages
The Rotary Club of Rosemount is pleased to announce the return of its Student of the Month program for the 2012-2013 academic year.Word count: 200
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.Excellent service! An easy-to-use Web site, very comprehensive selection, and everything properly packed and delivered to the resort in a very timely fashion. Will most certainly shop here again on my next Disney vacation!
Whenever I stay at Disney world I always know where to get my groceries ! Great Prices and great variety and I dont have to do any of the work!, Garden Grocer is the best! Kerri JolyI'm planning to hire a car and drive from paris down to Merseille stopping along the way. Any recomended routes for a scenic drive or recommended places to stay along the way? Also, I've no idea how long to allow for this trip- 2 weeks? Is that too long or not long enough?Corkscrew Willow.
- Starting at: $29.95 - In stock
Unique Tree with Year-Round Interest
Corkscrew Willow Tree is a deciduous tree best known for its unique twisted branches. One would certainly draw attention and comment as a specimen planting in your front yard.
Your Corkscrew Willow is also sometimes known as Dragon’s Claw for its gnarled, contorted limbs. Branches arise from the trunk at an acute angle and grow up almost parallel to the trunk before they curve back horizontally.
Corkscrew Willow’s appearance is at its best advantage in the winter when the foliage has fallen to reveal the one-of-a-kind branches. However, it also shines in the warmer months beginning with its pale yellow catkins in spring.
As the catkins fade and the foliage develops, you’ll love the 4-inch long, lance-shaped leaves. The leaves contribute to your tree’s unconventional display with their curled nature. The green foliage, with white-tinted undersides, twirl in the slightest summer breeze.
In autumn the foliage turns to a lovely golden yellow hue for a last gasp of color before the tree’s winter appeal is revealed.
Corkscrew Willow grows 20-30 feet tall and develops a symmetrical, rounded crown. It is more drought tolerant than most willows and fast-growing. Corkscrew Willow prefers full sun, but you can still have one in part shade if you prefer. In fact, it’s relatively tolerant of most soils and conditions.
If you’re looking for a one-of-a-kind tree that’s sure to draw attention with its year-round interest, Corkscrew Willow is the tree for you!
* Unique branches
* Fast-growing
* Year-round interest
Corkscrew Willow.
You have no items in your shopping cart.
© 2002-2015, Nature Hills Nursery, Inc. or its affiliates.
9910 N. 48th Street, Suite 200 Omaha, NE 68152The Archdiocese of Philadelphia on Tuesday put up the $25,000 needed to bail out Monsignor William Lynn, and he was released from an upstate prison into the custody of the Philadelphia prison system this morning.
Lynn, the first member of the Roman Catholic Church’s U.S. hierarchy convicted of shielding a child-molesting priest, was released from Waymart Coffectional in Northeastern Pennsylvania. He arrived at the Philadelphia prisons today at noon, according to prisons spokeswoman Shawn Hawes.
She said he would be fitted with an electronic monitoring bracelet today. He won’t be released until his status is confirmed with a probation officer, which means he could remain in prison overnight.
According to court records, the monsignor was scheduled for a 9 a.m. Monday hearing before Common Pleas Court Judge M. Teresa Sarmina.
Sarmina in 2012 had sentenced Lynn to a three-to-six-year prison sentence after he was found guilty of a child endangerment charge after a three-month trial. He had been serving that sentence for about 18 months when Pennsylvania Superior Court reversed his conviction Dec. 26.
Sarmina agreed to let the clergyman go while Philadelphia’s district attorney appeals the reversal of the monsignor’s historic 2012 child endangerment conviction — if Lynn could post 10 percent of bail she set at $250,000.
That Philadelphia’s Roman Catholic Archdiocese posted that money outraged District Attorney Seth Williams, who learned of the payment New Year’s Eve.
Williams’ spokeswoman, Tasha Jamerson, said Lynn’s attorney, Thomas.”
But bail money is only a part of what Lynn must do to be released. Besides requiring the money, Sarmina attached some strings: Lynn must report to the court weekly in Philadelphia and wear an electronic monitoring device. Also, he must surrender his passport.
When Sarmina set bail on Dec. 30, Bergstrom said he doesn’t know where Lynn will get the $25,000 needed to pay 10 percent, but he said he didn’t think it would be a problem. He jokingly asked reporters if any of them wanted to kick in.
Bergstrom had been trying to get Lynn released since Superior Court reversed his conviction. The attorney asked Superior Court judges to free him, but they tossed that decision back to Sarmina.
Williams has vowed today. ••
You can reach John Loftus at jloftus@bsmphilly.com.Current Articles
|
RSS Feed
**Updated 2/1/2013**
With Hurricane Sandy receiving constant media attention for its high-powered winds, intense flooding, and record-breaking waves, there is an equally powerful side of the storm the general public has not yet seen: its ability to change the tax landscape. As the storm moves on and you survey the damage done and begin to rebuild, you should keep the information below in mind.
Extended Due Dates
Hurricane Sandy has been declared either a Major Disaster or Emergency by 12 states along the east coast. Disaster declarations have the ability to extend the due dates for tax returns and payments.
While the Internal Revenue Service announced on Wednesday October 31, 2012, in IR-2012-82, that taxpayers and tax preparers affected by Hurricane Sandy had until November 7, 2012 to file returns and accompanying payments normally due October 31, 2012, this extension was overridden on Friday by a longer and broader extension. In the e-News for Tax Professionals 2012-44, the IRS postponed various tax filing and payment deadlines starting in late October 2012 until February 1, 2013. This extension includes 4th quarter estimated payments usually due January 15, 2013, along with 3rd and 4th quarter payroll and excise tax returns and payments normally due October 31, 2012 and January 31, 2013, respectively. Additionally, tax-exempt organizations required to file Form 990 series returns during this period (whether by regular due date or extension) may be filed as late as February 1, 2013 without being considered late. This extension applies automatically to the local counties listed below (no action is required to obtain the extension):
**Updated** Select counties in NJ and NY have been granted additional releif and have had tax deadlines automatically extended until April 1. See below for details.
In Connecticut: Fairfield, Middlesex, New Haven, and New London Counties and the Mashantucket Pequot Tribal Nation and Mohegan Tribal Nation located within New London are extended to February 1.
In New Jersey: Atlantic, Bergen, Burlington, Camden, Cape May, Cumberland, Essex, Gloucester, Hudson, Hunterdon, Mercer, Middlesex, Morris, Passaic, Salem, Somerset, Sussex, Union and Warren counties are extended to February 1.
**Monmouth and Ocean counties are extended to April 1.**
In New York: Bronx, Kings, New York, Orange, Putnam, Rockland, Sullivan, Ulster and Westchester are extended to February 1.
**Nassau, Queens, Richmond and Suffolk counties are extended to April 1.**
In Rhode Island: Newport and Washington counties are extended to February 1.
The IRS has also announced its willingness to work with taxpayers who reside outside the above listed areas, but whose books, records, or tax professionals are located in areas affected by Hurricane Sandy. If you live outside the areas listed above, you may also contact the IRS at 866-562-5227 to request tax filing relief. Further details will be posted on the IRS Help for Victims of Hurricane Sandy web-page.
New York postponed certain tax filings and payment deadlines for taxpayers who were directly affected by Sandy. All deadlines for the acts listed in the announcement that fell between October 26, 2012, and November 26, 2012, have been postponed to November 26, 2012. No additional waiver is needed in order to obtain this extension; simply write “Hurricane Sandy” at the top center of the front page of the late-filed return, extension, or payment and attach a brief explanation of the circumstances that adversely affected you ability to meet the original deadline. This extension includes the upcoming MTA protective refund claim,which has a deadline of November 1, 2012.
New Jersey postponed certain tax filings and payment deadlines for taxpayers who were directly affected by Sandy. Taxpayers who cannot meet normal filing and payment deadlines because of the storm how have until November 26, 2012, to file returns and tax payments that would have been due on or after October 30, 2012 or before November 26, 2012. If you are affected by Hurricane Sandy and the due date for filing your return or for paying your tax is extended, you are eligible for an interest and penalty abatement on tax that would otherwise accrue for the period of the postponement. If you receive a billing notice from the Division related to late filings and/or payments, and the late filing or payment is due to the hurricane, call the Division at the telephone number listed on any notice you receive and explain your circumstances., and. You can contact the NJ Division of Taxation with any questions at (609) 292-6400.
Pennsylvania Secretary of Revenue and Secretary of Labor & Industry announced that they will generally follow IR-2012-82 with regard to certain filing and payment deadline extensions for business and individual taxpayers directly impacted by Hurricane Sandy. The 2012 Pennsylvania disaster recovery deadline extension generally applies to inheritance tax, employer withholding and motor carrier road tax/IFTA tax filings and payments with due dates between October 29, 2012 and October 31, 2012. The deadline extension also applies to unemployment compensation tax filings for third quarter 2012 that were due October 31, 2012. Such filings may now be filed as late as November 7, 2012. No special action or notice is required by the taxpayer, as the deadline extensions will automatically be honored.
Connecticut has also announced an extension for taxes previously due October 31, 2012 to be pushed back to November 7, 2012. For more details regarding Connecticut’s tax extension, including details about which taxpayers and tax returns are eligible, please see The Connecticut Department of Revenue’s official release.
Additionally, CT taxpayers that are unable to comply with the above stated deadline, may be eligible for additional penalty and interest relief. In order to apply, taxpayers must fill out 2012 Storm Sandy Relief Request Form. More information can be found on the CT Department of Revenue’s website.
Massachusetts announced on November 6, 2012 that the due dates for certain tax returns and payments originally due between Oct 29, 2012 and Jan 31, 2013 will be extended to February 1, 2013 for affected taxpayers. This includes estimated payments due in January 2013. For more information see the MA Press Release.
Rhode Island Division of Taxation has announced that it is postponing corporate, personal, sales and use, and estate tax among other tax filing deadlines and offering additional relief to taxpayers in Newport County and Washington County in Rhode Island. The relief is provided to taxpayers who reside in either Newport or Washington County, and businesses and other entities whose principal location is in either county. In addition, the relief applies to those elsewhere whose records were in either county when the storm struck and such records are needed to meet a Rhode Island state tax deadline. Further, the relief applies to relief workers affiliated with a recognized government or philanthropic organization assisting in the relief activities in either or both counties. Any sales or use tax deposit or employer tax payment that is due between October 26, 2012 and November 26, 2012 are due by 11:59 p.m. on November 26, 2012. Any other original or extended filings or payments due between October 26, 2012 and February 1, 2013 are due by 11:59 p.m. on February 1, 2013. Such relief includes, but are not limited to, filings and payments of personal, trust income, estate income, partnership, estate, trust, and business returns (including C corporations, S corporations, and pass-through entities). The same relief applies to fourth quarter estimated payment of personal income tax that would normally be due on January 15, 2013. No action is required by taxpayers or preparers to obtain the relief. Taxpayers qualifying for the relief will not be subject to interest or penalty for taking advantage of the extended deadlines.
As the states and federal government continue to revise tax filing plans for Hurrican Sandy relief, The Tax Warriors will be sure to keep you updated and note all significant changes on our website.
Casualty Losses
Individuals and businesses are able to claim casualty loss deductions on their tax returns for property damage caused by Hurricane Sandy. Significant damage caused by the storm can result in considerable tax savings, however, it is important that the correct steps be taken in order to properly document and claim your loss. If any of your property has incurred damage due to the storm, please read our previously posted Casualty Loss blog post before beginning your clean up and repairs to ensure you receive the deduction your entitled to on your tax returns.
Tax-Free Disaster Relief
There are also many disaster relief options to available to those affected by Hurricane Sandy. If you reside in one of the presidentially declared disaster areas you can apply for federal aid through FEMA’s online application. If you are a homeowner, renter, or business of any size, you may also be eligible to apply for low-interest loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration.
Although we are aware that the taxability of disaster relief is not at the forefront of you mind, as the Tax Warriors, we are more than inclined to tell you that under IRC Section 139, qualified disaster relief payments are not subject to tax. As long as you have not already been reimbursed for the same expense by insurance and the relief is not meant to compensate you for lost income or wages, relief payments are not subject to income or payroll taxes. Additionally, tax-free disaster relief payments are not restricted to government provided assistance; relief payments from federal agencies, state agencies, employers and charitable organizations are all exempt from income and payroll taxes.
If you have any questions regarding the information above or any other questions regarding the tax implications of Hurricane Sandy, you can Ask a Tax Warrior by clicking the button below. If you want to help the hundreds of thousands of people that have been affected by Hurricane Sandy (and also receive a tax deduction) you can donate to The American Red Cross here.
Click on the links below to read other Hurricane Sandy related articles from our blog:
Creative and Tax Savvy Way to Contribute to Hurricane Sandy Relief
Expedited Review of New Charity Applications Due to Hurricane Sandy
Retirement Plan Hardship Distributions for Hurricane Sandy Victims
© 2015 Drucker & Scaccetti - Website by Square 2 MarketingThinking about new change, I can't help but wonder if this is the reason why some rewards recently had their prices go up on club Nintendo.
Some Third Party Nintendo Software Now Include Club Nintendo Codes in North America
Sonic Generations for the 3DS comes with a club Nintendo code.
My review copy of Sonic Generations for the 3DS arrived today, and imagine my surprise when I opened the game to find a Club Nintendo code! Click through for an image!
We've sent an inquiry to our Nintendo rep to find out if other future third-party titles will have Club Nintendo codes. We'll keep you updated with the latest information!At an hour early the next morning I was not surprised to see Colonel Newcome at my chambers, to whom Clive had communicated Bayham’s important news of the night before. The Colonel’s object, as any one who knew him need scarcely be told, was to rescue his brother-inlaw; and being ignorant of lawyers, sheriffs’-officers, and their proceedings, he bethought him that he would apply to Lamb Court for information, and in so far showed some prudence, for at least I knew more of the world and its ways than my simple client, and was enabled to make better terms for the unfortunate prisoner, or rather for Colonel Newcome, who was the real sufferer, than Honeyman’s creditors might otherwise have been disposed to give.
I thought it would be more prudent that our good Samaritan should not see the victim of rogues whom he was about to succour; and left him to entertain himself with Mr. Warrington in Lamb Court, while I sped to the lock-up house, where the Mayfair pet was confined. A sickly smile played over his countenance as he beheld me when I was ushered to his private room. The reverent gentleman was not shaved; he had partaken of breakfast. I saw a glass which had once contained brandy on the dirty tray whereon his meal was placed: a greasy novel from a Chancery Lane library lay on the table: but he was at present occupied in writing one or more of those great long letters, those laborious, ornate, eloquent statements, those documents so profusely underlined, in which the machinations of villains are laid bare with italic fervour; the coldness, to use no harsher phrase, of friends on whom reliance might have been placed; the outrageous conduct of Solomons; the astonishing failure of Smith to pay a sum of money on which he had counted as on the Bank of England; finally, the infallible certainty of repaying (with what heartfelt thanks need not be said) the loan of so many pounds next Saturday week at farthest. All this, which some readers in the course of their experience have read no doubt in many handwritings, was duly set forth by poor Honeyman. There was a wafer in a wine-glass on the table, and the bearer no doubt below to carry the missive. They always sent these letters by a messenger, who is introduced in the postscript; he is always sitting in the hall when you get the letter, and is “a young man waiting for an answer, please.”
No one can suppose that Honeyman laid a complete statement of his affairs before the negotiator who was charged to look into them. No debtor does confess all his debts, but breaks them gradually to his man of business, factor or benefactor, leading him on from surprise to surprise; and when he is in possession of the tailor’s little account, introducing him to the bootmaker. Honeyman’s schedule I felt perfectly certain was not correct. The detainees against him were trifling. “Moss of Wardour Street, one hundred and twenty — I believe I have paid him thousands in this very transaction,” ejaculates Honeyman. “A heartless West End tradesman hearing of my misfortune — all these people a linked together, my dear Pendennis, and rush like vultures upon their prey! — Waddilove, the tailor, has another writ out for ninety-eight pounds; a man whom I have made by my recommendations! Tobbins, the bootmaker, his neighbour in Jermyn Street, forty-one pounds more, and that is all — I give you my word, all. In a few months, when my pew-rents will be coming in, I should have settled with those cormorants; otherwise, my total and irretrievable ruin, and the disgrace and humiliation of a prison attends me. I know it; I can bear it; I have been wretchedly weak, Pendennis: I can say mea culpa, mea maxima culpa, and I can — bear — my — penalty.” In his finest moments he was never more pathetic. He turned his head away, and concealed it in a handkerchief not so white as those which veiled his emotions at Lady Whittlesea’s.
How by degrees this slippery penitent was induced to make other confessions; how we got an idea of Mrs. Ridley’s account from him, of his dealings with Mr. Sherrick, need not be mentioned here. The conclusion to which Colonel Newcome’s ambassador came was, that to help such a man would be quite useless; and that the Fleet Prison would be a most wholesome retreat for this most reckless divine. Ere the day was out, Messrs. Waddilove and Tobbins had conferred with their neighbour in St. James’s, Mr. Brace; and there came a detainer from that haberdasher for gloves, cravats, and pocket-handkerchiefs, that might have done credit to the most dandified young Guardsman..”
I saw by the Colonel’s grave kind face that these hard opinions did not suit him. “At all events, sir, promise us,” we said, “that you will pay nothing yourself — that you won’t see Honeyman’s creditors, and let people, who know the world better, deal with him.” “Know the world, young man!” cries Newcome; “I should think if I don’t know the world at my age, I never shall.” And if he had lived to be as old as Jahaleel, a boy could still have cheated him.
“I do not scruple to tell you,” he said, after a pause during which a plenty of smoke was delivered from the council of three, “that I have — a fund — which I had set aside for mere purposes of pleasure, I give you my word, and a part of which I shall think it my duty to devote to poor Honeyman’s distresses. The fund is not large. The money was intended, in fact:— however, there it is. If Pendennis will go round to these tradesmen, and make some composition with them, as their prices have been no doubt enormously exaggerated, I see no harm. Besides the tradesfolk, there is good Mrs. Ridley and Mr. Sherrick — we must see them; and, if we can, set this luckless Charles again on his legs. We have read of other prodigals who were kindly treated; and we may have debts of our own to forgive, boys.”
Into Mr. Sherrick’s account we had no need to enter. That gentleman had acted with perfect fairness by Honeyman. He laughingly said to us, “You don’t imagine I would lend that chap a shilling without security? I will give him fifty or a hundred. Here’s one of his notes, with What-do-you-call-‘ems — that rum fellow Bayham’s name as drawer. A nice pair, ain’t they? Pooh! I shall never touch ’em. I lent some money on the shop overhead,” says Sherrick, pointing to the ceiling (we were in his counting-house in the cellar of Lady Whittlesea’s Chapel), “because I thought it was a good speculation. And so it was at first. The people liked Honeyman. All the nobs came to hear him. Now the speculation ain’t so good. He’s used up. A chap can’t be expected to last for ever. When I first engaged Mademoiselle Bravura at my theatre, you couldn’t get a place for three weeks together. The next year she didn’t draw twenty pounds a week. So it was with Pottle and the regular drama humbug. At first it was all very well. Good business, good houses, our immortal bard, and that sort of game. They engaged the tigers and the French riding people over the way; and there was Pottle bellowing away in my place to the orchestra and the orders. It’s all a speculation. I’ve speculated in about pretty much everything that’s going: in theatres, in joint-stock jobs, in building-ground, in bills, in gas and insurance companies, and in this chapel. Poor old Honeyman! I won’t hurt him. About that other chap I put in to do the first business — that red-haired chap, Rawkins — I think I was wrong. I think he injured the property. But I don’t know everything, you know. I wasn’t bred to know about parsons — quite the reverse. I thought, when I heard Rawkins at Hampstead, he was just the thing. I used to go about, sir, just as I did to the provinces, when I had the theatre — Camberwell, Islington, Kennington, Clapton, all about, and hear the young chaps. Have a glass of sherry; and here’s better luck to Honeyman. As for that Colonel, he’s a trump, sir! I never see such a man. I have to deal with such a precious lot of rogues, in the City and out of it, among the swells and all, you know, that to see such a fellow refreshes me; and I’d do anything for him. You’ve made a good thing of that Pall Mall Gazette! I tried papers too; but mine didn’t do. I don’t know why. I tried a Tory one, moderate Liberal, and out-and-out uncompromising Radical. I say, what d’ye think of a religious paper, the Catechism, or some such name? Would Honeyman do as editor? I’m afraid it’s all up with the poor cove at the chapel.” And I parted with Mr. Sherrick, not a little edified by his talk, and greatly relieved as to Honeyman’s fate. The tradesmen of Honeyman’s body were appeased; and as for Mr. Moss, when he found that the curate had no effects, and must go before the Insolvent Court, unless Moss chose to take the composition which we were empowered to offer him, he too was brought to hear reason, and parted with the stamped paper on which was poor Honeyman’s signature. Our negotiation had like to have come to an end by Clive’s untimely indignation, who offered at one stage of the proceedings to pitch young Moss out of window; but nothing came of this most ungentlemanlike behaviour on Noocob’s part, further than remonstrance and delay in the proceedings; and Honeyman preached a lovely sermon at Lady Whittlesea’s the very next Sunday. He had made himself much liked in the sponging-house, and Mr. Lazarus said, “if he hadn’t a got out time enough, I’d a let him out for Sunday, and sent one of my men with him to show him the way ome, you know; for when a gentleman behaves as a gentleman to me, I behave as a gentleman to him.”
Mrs. Ridley’s account, and it was a long one, was paid without a single question, or the deduction of a farthing; but the Colonel rather sickened of Honeyman’s expressions of rapturous gratitude, and received his professions of mingled contrition and delight very coolly. “My boy,” says the father to Clive, “you see to what straits debt brings a man, to tamper with truth to have to cheat the poor. Think of flying before a washerwoman, or humbling yourself to a tailor, or eating a poor man’s children’s bread!” Clive blushed, I thought, and looked rather confused.
“Oh, father,” says he, “I— I’m afraid I owe some money too — not much; but about forty pound, five-and-twenty for cigars, and fifteen I borrowed of Pendennis, and — and I’ve been devilish annoyed about it all this time.”
“You stupid boy,” says the father “I knew about the cigars bill, and paid it last week. Anything I have is yours, you know. As long as there is a guinea, there is half for you. See that every shilling we owe is paid before — before a week is over. And go down and ask Binnie if I can see him in his study. I want to have some conversation with him.” When Clive was gone away, he said to me in a very sweet voice, “In God’s name, keep my boy out of debt when I am gone, Arthur. I shall return to India very soon.”
“Very soon, sir! You have another year’s leave,” said I.
“Yes, but no allowances, you know; and this affair of Honeyman’s has pretty nearly emptied the little purse I had set aside for European expenses. They have been very much heavier than I expected. As it is, I overdrew my account at my brother’s, and have been obliged to draw money from my agents in Calcutta. A year sooner or later (unless two of our senior officers had died, when I should have got my promotion and full colonel’s pay with it, and proposed to remain in this country)— a year sooner or later, what does it matter? Clive will go away and work at his art, and see the great schools of painting while I am absent. I thought at one time how pleasant it would be to accompany him. But l’homme propose, Pendennis. I fancy now a lad is not the better for being always tied to his parent’s apron-string. You young fellows are too clever for me. I haven’t learned your ideas or read your books. I feel myself very often an old damper in your company. I will go back, sir, where I have some friends, where I am somebody still. I know an honest face or two, white and brown, that will lighten up in the old regiment when they see Tom Newcome again. God bless you, Arthur. You young fellows in this country have such cold ways that we old ones hardly know how to like you at first. James Binnie and I, when we first came home, used to talk you over, and think you laughed at us. But you didn’t, I know. God Almighty bless you, and send you a good wife, and make a good man of you. I have bought a watch, which I would like you to wear in remembrance of me and my boy, to whom you were so kind when you were boys together in the old Grey Friars.” I took his hand, and uttered some incoherent words of affection and respect. Did not Thomas Newcome merit both from all who knew him?
His resolution being taken, our good Colonel began to make silent but effectual preparations for his coming departure. He was pleased during these last days of his stay to give me even more of his confidence than I had previously enjoyed, and was kind enough to say that he regarded me almost as a son of his own, and hoped I would act as elder brother and guardian to Clive. Ah! who is to guard the guardian? The younger brother had many nobler qualities than belonged to the elder. The world had not hardened Clive, nor even succeeded in spoiling him. I perceive I am diverging from his history into that of another person, and will return to the subject proper of the book.
Colonel Newcome expressed himself as being particularly touched and pleased with his friend Binnie’s conduct, now that the Colonel’s departure was determined. “James is one of the most generous of men, Pendennis, and I am proud to be put under an obligation to him, and to tell it too. I hired this house, as you are aware, of our speculative friend Mr. Sherrick, and am answerable for the payment of the rent till the expiry of the lease. James has taken the matter off my hands entirely. The place is greatly too large for him, but he says that he likes it, and intends to stay, and that his sister and niece shall be his housekeepers. Clive” (here, perhaps, the speaker’s voice drops a little) —“Clive will be the son of the house still, honest James says, and God bless him. James is richer than I thought by near a lakh of rupees — and here is a hint for you, Master Arthur. Mr. Binnie has declared to me in confidence that if his niece, Miss Rosey, shall marry a person of whom he approves, he will leave her a considerable part of his fortune.”
The Colonel’s confidant here said that his own arrangements were made in another quarter, to which statement the Colonel replied knowingly, “I thought so. A little bird has whispered to me the name of a certain Miss A. I knew her grandfather, an accommodating old gentleman, and I borrowed some money from him when I was a subaltern at Calcutta. I tell you in strict confidence, my dear young friend, that I hope and trust a certain young gentleman of your acquaintance may be induced to think how good and pretty and sweet-tempered a girl Miss Mackenzie is, and that she may be brought to like him. If you young men would marry in good time good and virtuous women — as I am sure — ahem! — Miss Amory is — half the temptations of your youth would be avoided. You would neither be dissolute, has many of you seem to me, or cold and selfish, which are worse vices still. And my prayer is, that my Clive may cast anchor early out of the reach of temptation, and mate with some such kind girl as Binnie’s niece. When I first came home I formed other plans for him which could not be brought to a successful issue; and knowing his ardent disposition, and having kept an eye on the young rogue’s conduct, I tremble lest some mischance with a woman should befall him, and long to have him out of danger.”
So the kind scheme of the two elders was, that their young ones should marry and be happy ever after, like the Prince and Princess of the Fairy Tale: and dear Mrs. Mackenzie (have I said that at the commencement of her visit to her brother she made almost open love to the Colonel?), dear Mrs. Mack was content to forgo her own chances so that her darling Rosey might be happy. We used to laugh and say, that as soon as Clive’s father was gone, Josey would be sent for to join Rosey. But little Josey being under her grandmother’s sole influence took most gratifying and serious turn; wrote letters, in which she questioned the morality of operas, Towers of London, and waxworks; and, before a year was out, married Elder Bogie, of Mr. M’Craw’s church.
Presently was to be read in the Morning Post an advertisement of the sale of three horses (the description and pedigree following), “the property of an officer returning to India. Apply to the groom, at the stables, 150 Fitzroy Square.”
The Court of Directors invited Lieutenant-Colonel Newcome to an entertainment given to Major-General Sir Ralph Spurrier, K.C.B., appointed Commander-inChief at Madras. Clive was asked to this dinner too, “and the governor’s health was drunk, sir,” Clive said, “after dinner, and the dear old fellow made such a good speech, in returning thanks!”
He, Clive, and I made a pilgrimage to Grey Friars, and had the Green to ourselves, it being the Bartlemytide vacation, and the boys all away. One of the good old Poor Brothers whom we both recollected accompanied us round the place; and we sate for a while in Captain Scarsdale’s little room (he had been a Peninsular officer, who had sold out, and was fain in his old age to retire into this calm retreat). And we talked, as old schoolmates and lovers talk, about subjects interesting to schoolmates and lovers only.
One by one the Colonel took leave of his friends, young and old; ran down to Newcome, and gave Mrs. Mason a parting benediction; slept a night at Tom Smith’s, and passed a day with Jack Brown; went to all the boys’ and girls’ schools where his little proteges were, so as to be able to take the very last and most authentic account of the young folks to their parents in India; spent a week at Marble Hill, and shot partridges there, but for which entertainment, Clive said, the place would have been intolerable; and thence proceeded to Brighton to pass a little time with good Miss Honeyman. As for Sir Brian’s family, when Parliament broke up, of course, they did not stay in town. Barnes, of course, had part of a moor in Scotland, whither his uncle and cousin did not follow him. The rest went abroad. Sir Brian wanted the waters of Aix-la-Chapelle. The brothers parted very good friends; Lady Anne, and all the young people, heartily wished him farewell. I believe Sir Brian even accompanied the Colonel downstairs from the drawing-room, in Park Lane, and actually came out and saw his brother into his cab (just as he would accompany old Lady Bagges when she came to look at her account at the bank, from the parlour to her carriage). But as for Ethel, she was not going to be put off with this sort of parting and the next morning a cab dashed up to Fitzroy Square, and a veiled lady came out thence, and was closeted with Colonel Newcome for five minutes, and when he led her back to the carriage there were tears in his eyes.
Mrs. Mackenzie joked about the transaction (having watched it from the dining-room windows), and asked the Colonel who his sweetheart was? Newcome replied very sternly, that he hoped no one would ever speak lightly of that young lady, whom he loved as his own daughter; and I thought Rosey looked vexed at the praises thus bestowed. This was the day before we all went down to Brighton. Miss Honeyman’s lodgings were taken for Mr. Binnie and his ladies. Clive and her dearest Colonel had apartments next door. Charles Honeyman came dawn and preached one of his very best sermons. Fred Bayham was there, and looked particularly grand and noble on the pier and the cliff. I am inclined to think he had had some explanation with Thomas Newcome, which had placed F. B. in a state of at least temporary prosperity. Whom did he not benefit whom he knew, and what eye that saw him did not bless him? F. B. was greatly affected at Charles’s sermon, of which our party of course could see the allusions. Tears actually rolled down his brown cheeks; for Fred was a man very easily moved, and, as it were, a softened sinner. Little Rosey and her mother sobbed audibly, greatly to the surprise of stout old Miss Honeyman, who had no idea of such watery exhibitions, and to the discomfiture of poor Newcome, who was annoyed to have his praises even hinted in that sacred edifice. Good Mr. James Binnie came for once to church; and, however variously their feelings might be exhibited or, repressed, I think there was not one of the little circle there assembled who did not bring to the place a humble prayer and a gentle heart. It was the last Sabbath-bell our dear friend was to hear for many a day on his native shore. The great sea washed the beach as we came out, blue with the reflection of the skies, and its innumerable waves crested with sunshine. I see the good man and his boy yet clinging to him, as they pace together by the shore.
The Colonel was very much pleased by a visit from Mr. Ridley and the communication which he made (my Lord Todmorden has a mansion and park in Sussex, whence Mr. Ridley came to pay his duty to Colonel Newcome). He said he “never could forget the kindness with which the Colonel have a treated him. His lordship have taken a young man, which Mr. Ridley had brought him up under his own eye, and can answer for him, Mr. R. says, with impunity; and which he is to be his lordship’s own man for the future. And his lordship have appointed me his steward, and having, as he always hev been, been most liberal in point of sellary. And me and Mrs. Ridley was thinking, sir, most respectfully, with regard to our son, Mr. John James Ridley — as good and honest a young man, which I am proud to say it, that if Mr. Clive goes abroad we should be most proud and happy if John James went with him. And the money which you have paid us so handsome, Colonel, he shall have it; which it was the excellent ideer of Miss Cann; and my lord have ordered a pictur of John James in the most libral manner, and have asked my son to dinner, sir, at his lordship’s own table, which I have faithfully served him five-and-thirty years.” Ridley’s voice fairly broke down at this part of his speech, which evidently was a studied composition, and he uttered no more of it, for the Colonel cordially shook him by the hand, and Clive jumped up clapping his, and saying that it was the greatest wish of his heart that J. J. and he should be companions in France and Italy. “But I did not like to ask my dear old father,” he said, “who has had so many calls on his purse, and besides, I knew that J. J. was too independent to come as my follower.”
The Colonel’s berth has been duly secured ere now. This time he makes the overland journey; and his passage is to Alexandria, taken in one of the noble ships of the Peninsular and Oriental Company. His kit is as simple as a subaltern’s; I believe, but for Clive’s friendly compulsion, he would have carried back no other than the old uniform which has served him for so many years. Clive and his father travelled to Southampton together by themselves. F. B. and I took the Southampton coach: we had asked leave to see the last of him, and say a “God bless you” to our dear old friend. So the day came when the vessel was to sail. We saw his cabin, and witnessed all the bustle and stir on board the good ship on a day of departure. Our thoughts, however, were fixed but on one person — the case, no doubt, with hundreds more on such a day. There was many a group of friends closing wistfully together on the sunny deck, and saying the last words of blessing and farewell. The bustle of the ship passes dimly round about them; the hurrying noise of crew and officers running on their duty; the tramp and song of the men at the capstan-bars; the bells ringing, as the hour for departure comes nearer and nearer, as mother and son, father and daughter, husband and wife, hold hands yet for a little while. We saw Clive and his father talking together by the wheel. Then they went below; and a passenger, her husband, asked me to give my arm to an almost fainting lady, and to lead her off the ship. Bayham followed us, carrying their two children in his arms, as the husband turned away and walked aft. The last bell was ringing, and they were crying, “Now for the shore.” The whole ship had begun to throb ere this, and its great wheels to beat the water, and the chimneys had flung out their black signals for sailing. We were as yet close on the dock, and we saw Clive coming up from below, looking very pale; the plank was drawn after him as he stepped on land.
Then, with three great cheers from the dock, and from the crew in the bows, and from the passengers on the quarter-deck, the noble ship strikes the first stroke of her destined race, and swims away towards the ocean. “There he is, there he is,” shouts Fred Bayham, waving his hat. “God bless him, God bless him!” I scarce perceived at the ship’s side, beckoning an adieu, our dear old friend, when the lady, whose husband had bidden me to lead her away from the ship, fainted in my arms. Poor soul! Her, too, has fate stricken. Ah, pangs of hearts torn asunder, passionate regrets, cruel, cruel partings! Shall you not end one day, ere many years; when the tears shall be wiped from all eyes, and there shall be neither sorrow nor pain?
Last updated Monday, December 22, 2014 at 10:55:
contact.center@bcr.ro – InfoBCR
suport.direct@bcr.ro – technical support for Click 24 Banking BCR, Alo 24 Banking BCR, Business 24 Banking BCR
BCR.MulticashSupport@bcr.ro - technical support for corporate clients who use MultiCash and e-BCR+
We mention that the requests which require the user’s identification will be performed only by telephone, at the telephone numbers mentioned above.
Bucharest, 5 Regina Elisabeta Bvd, Postal Code 030016, Sector 3GenevieveFollow Genevieve
Female living in Johannesburg, Gauteng South Africa
Level 1 Traveler
1 tour
9 countries
Discussions in order of recent activity
- Egypt and Nile June 11, 2010 Is there anyone else on this tour? AV & K said about egypt egypt and the nile europe meeting placescruzeman78 responded
- European Discovery 23rd June - 4 July 2012 Hi. i'm genevieve and i'm going on the european discovery... Genevieve asked about europebrookefelici respondedDon't be fooled by the small size and unassuming appearance of this place. This is the best pizza you ever had, AND you purchase it by the slice, so everyone gets what they want. Also, the cheesy garlic beef sandwiches and cannolis are magnificent. And you will love the bargain prices.
I’m not a cook. I don’t really even like to do it. I watch these chef shows and I hear how these women and men had families that revolved around the kitchen and cooking. That never happened in my family. The kitchen was pretty ugly, and I’m not entirely sure my mother liked to cook.
So when I joined the military, I had a distinct lack of any cooking skills. KP — Kitchen Patrol (or as I heard when I was a kid, Karve Potatoes), was largely in the past. Soldiers trained in cooking did the meals and contractors cleaned the dishes. Plus, since I was a barracks soldier, I ate in the mess hall, so my meals were made for me.
Then, one day, our female first sergeant decided to have a unit organizational day. An organizational day is an event that usually occurs on the weekend and the soldiers are ordered to come so they can have fun. (You did catch the problem with that sentence, right?) It’s usually a meal, some music, some dancing.
“I need a person from each platoon to make potato salad,” she said. I was one of the few lower enlisted in my platoon so guess who got stuck on this work detail?
I had to show up at oh-dark thirty on Saturday morning with about five other people. I was a little nervous because I didn’t know how to cook anything. Then First Sergeant told us we were going to peel potatoes. Sigh of relief. Okay, sure I could do that. Just give me a potato peeler.
The first sergeant handed me a big chef’s knife.
“I don’t know how to cook, First Sergeant,” I said. “I’ve never peeled anything with a knife.” In fact, when I watched my mother peel the skin off apples, it had scared me to death. It was entirely too close to important things like fingers!
“Of course you can,” the first sergeant said. She sounded like I was making stuff up because, well, all women know how to cook.
Being the good army private, I still had to follow the orders. Usually the leadership doesn’t care how you do it, only that it gets done. The other soldiers — all male — got started peeling potatoes.
I studied the knife. I studied the potato. My stomach was all queasy at the thought of trying to pare them like my mother had. I really liked all my fingers. Hmm. An idea occurred to me. Might work.
I chopped off the ends of the potato. Ta-dah! No more skin. This was so going to work. I rotated the potato and whack! Sides are gone. I kept turning the potato and cutting off anything that looked like potato skin.
Mission accomplished!
I got about two potatoes done before the first sergeant realized that, yes, I had been telling the truth. She was horrified because I was cutting off huge chunks of potato. I was quickly put on something else that didn’t require the use of sharp implements and vegetables.
The bad part is that we didn’t even use the potato salad.
I’m sorry for laughing. This story was indeed the cutest. But, I love hos you gave that potato a piece of your mind and you at least tried. Kudos for you. It’s a shame they didn’t have it. Have your cooking skills improved?
I’m better a cooking now, though I’ve never enjoyed it much. I still pretty much butcher the vegetables when I cut them up, though!
We have something in common. I can’t cut veggies either. :)
Didn’t use the potato salad?? What a waste. And there was a problem with how much potato you were cutting out. lol
Oh well. Don’t worry, I’m prone to burning water out of a pot…twice in a row.
I haven’t burned water, but I have set off the fire alarm boiling water. It’s not me, honest!Food
Food
- 227 Pins
-
I know what you are thinking, that is a pretty big name for a pork tenderloin recipe. But this recipe really did result in the best pork tenderloin I have ever had in my life! (And I have eaten por...
90 Days of Low-Carb Recipes: Day 21--Low Carb Chicken Cordon Bleu
Low carb chicken cordon bleu
Ingredients
Ingredients, Carb Eating, Carb Meals, Low Carb Chicken Cordon Bleu, 90 Day Of Low Carb Recipe, Carb Food, Low Carb Recipes, Bariatric Recipe, 21 Low Carb
90 Days of Low-Carb Recipes: Day 21--Low Carb Chicken Cordon Bleu
Easy Chicken Broccoli Casserole (Paleo, Low Carb, and Gluten Free) |....
Easy Chicken Broccoli Casserole (Paleo, Low Carb, and Gluten Free) | Grass Fed Girl
Low carb chicken casserole recipe that is dreamy creamy!
Low Carb Chicken Casseroles, Baked Chicken Low Carb, Low Carb Casseroles Recipe, Low Carb Recipes Chicken, Low Carb Chicken Recipes, Dreamy Creamy, Casserole Recipes, Chicken Casseroles Low Carb, Low Carb Creamy Chicken
Creamy Spicy Chicken Casserole; Low carb chicken casserole recipe that is dreamy creamy!
Low carb chicken casserole recipe that is dreamy creamy!
Rosemary Lemon Roasted Chicken Breasts- 1-2 medium lemons, sliced 2 sprigs rosemary 2 garlic cloves, quartered 1 pound uncooked boneless skinless chicken breasts 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil 1 teaspoon kosher salt ½ teaspoon fresh ground black pepper
Lemon Rosemary Chicken Bake, Chicken Recipes, Chicken Breasts, Recipese Healthy, Lemon Chicken, Roasted Chicken, Lemon Roasted, Food Recipe, Rosemary Lemon
my go-to lemon rosemary chicken recipe!
Rosemary lemon roasted chicken breast
Rosemary lemon chicken breast
Rosemary Lemon Roasted Chicken Breasts
The turmeric smoothie might just be the most powerful antioxidant smoothie ever
Turmeric Gingers, Smoothie Recipe, Turmeric Smoothie, Antioxidant Smoothie, Power Antioxidant, Taste Delicious, Gingers Smoothie, Healthy Recipe, Healthy Food
Turmeric ginger smoothie recipe
Honey Garlic Pork Chops
Honey Garlic Pork Chops - 4 ingredients! Honey, Soy Sauce, Garlic and Pork: bake at 350 for 30 minutes.
Honey Garlic Pork Chops Recipe
Balsamic Glazed Pork Chops (4 Weight Watchers Points)
Balsamic Glazed Pork Chops (4 Weight Watchers Points) ~ seriously the best pork chops you will ever put in your mouth, and it only takes 20 minutes to get them on the table.
Glaze Porkchops, Weight Watchers Pork Chop, Porkchops Weight Watchers
Balsamic Glazed Porkchops
Recipe for Grilled Ginger-Soy Pork Chops [Visit the Blog for how-to photos for this recipe from Kalyn's Kitchen] #SouthBeachDiet #LowGlycemic #LowCarb
Grilled Pork Chops, Gingers Soy Pork, Kalyns Kitchen, Gingersoy Pork, Grilled Gingersoy, Maine Courses, Low Carb Pork Chops, Grilled Gingers Soy, Low Carb Pork Chop Recipe
Kalyn's Kitchen®: Recipe for Grilled Ginger-Soy Pork Chops
Grilled Ginger Soy Pork Chops
Best Grilled Pork Chops | CHURCHHILL NATURAL MEATS
Kalyn's Kitchen®: Recipe for Grilled Ginger-Soy Pork Chops
Mediterranean Pork Chops
Mediterranean Pork Chops - Diabetic - 4 boneless or bone in pork loin chop - about .5 in thick - fresh or dried rosemary - 3 garlic cloves
Dinner, Chops Recipe, Pork Recipe, Pork Dishes, Diabetic Recipes, Mediterranean Pork, Main Dishes, Pork Chop Recipes, Pork Chops
Our Best Pork Chop Recipes Mediterranean pork chops
Mediterranean Pork Chops - Five simple ingredients make for an elegant and healthy pork chop dinner. Season pork chops with salt, black pepper, fresh rosemary, and savory garlic for a satisfying meal with just 5 grams of fat per serving.
Mediterranean Pork Chops
Sauteed Asparagus and Peas with Butter and Honey
Olive Oil, Side Dishes, Peas Salad, Sauteed Asparagus, Sautéed Asparagus, Coconut Oil, Cooking, Saute Asparagus, Asparagus Recipe
sauted asparagus and Peas
Sautéed Asparagus and Peas. I always look for a good asparagus recipe
Sauteed Asparagus and Peas- Really easy and really yummy. Just a lovely, light, summery side dish.
Sauteed Asparagus Peas Salad - olive oil instead of butter
Sauteed Asparagus and Peas with Coconut Oil and Honey - for Easter!
Sautéed Asparagus and Peas
Asparagus and Mozzarella Stuffed Chicken Breasts | "This dish is easy enough for a Tuesday, but looks pretty enough for company.”
Chicken Stuffed With Asparagus, Food, Asparagus Stuffed Chicken, Mozzarella Stuffed Chicken, Breast Allrecipes Com, Stuffed Chicken Breasts, Chicken Stuffed Asparagus, Breads Crumb, Asparagus Chicken
Chicken stuffed with asparagus and mozzarella. Switch out bread crumbs for pork rinds.
Easy Asparagus Stuffed Chicken Breasts. #Pound Chicken to 1/4 inch. & Slit open chicken, Season, Place asparagus, spread mozzarella cheese over the asparagus, Roll the chicken & Place the rolls seam sides down in baking dish, Sprinkle with bread crumbs. (I'm using panko!!!!) #Bake about 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Asparagus chicken
Asparagus and Mozzarella Stuffed Chicken Breasts. I used an Italian mixed cheese, sprinkled garlic powder on top of the chicken and asparagus before wrapping it up, and used panko bread crumbs instead of italian and sprinkled a little more garlic powder and a little cajun seasoning on top- OMG it was so good.
Food Drinks / Asparagus and Mozzarella Stuffed Chicken Breasts
Asparagus and Mozzarella Stuffed Chicken Breasts
Easy Sauteed Garlic Asparagus
Vegetables don't get much easier than this Sauteed Garlic Asparagus. It's perfect for Thanksgiving because it doesn't take up space in the oven and can be made in the 10 minutes or so required for ...
Easy Sauteed, Garlic Asparagus, Olive Oils, Sautéed Garlic, Sauteed Garlic, Sautéed Asparagus, Dishes Recipe, Sauteed Asparagus Recipes, 10 Minute
Sautéed Garlic Asparagus
Sautéed asparagus
Easy Sauteed Garlic Asparagus - Substitute Olive Oil instead of Butter
Easy Sauteed Garlic Asparagus | Let's Dish Recipes
Vegetables don't get much easier than this Sauteed Garlic Asparagus. It's perfect for Thanksgiving because it doesn't take up space in the oven and can be made in the 10 minutes. Substitute olive oil for a dairy free recipe.
Easy Sauteed Garlic Asparagus
broccoli-recipe - must try!
Broccoli Recipe
A Broccoli Recipe For The Best Broccoli EVER!
Baked Parmesan Zucchini “Fries”.
Grilled Huli Huli Chicken
Hawaiian Grilled Huli Huli Chicken *hubby went freaking bananas for this stuff. He LOVED it. The marinade is too easy. Going in the rotation for sure ;)
Chicken Recipe, Brown Sugar, Boneless Skinless Chicken, Hawaiian Chicken, Soy Sauce, Chicken Thighs, Huli Huli, Grilled Huli, Huli Chicken
Hawaiian Grilled Huli Huli Chicken | 1 c brown sugar packed, 3/4 c ketchup, 3/4 c low-sodium soy sauce, 1/3 c chicken broth, 2 1/2 tsp minced fresh ginger, 1 1/2 tsp minced garlic, 24 boneless skinless chicken thighs (about 5 lbs)
Grilled Hawaiian Chicken -)
Grilled Hawaiian Huli Huli Chicken Recipe ~ 1 c brown sugar packed, 3/4 c ketchup, 3/4 c low-sodium soy sauce, 1/3 c chicken broth, 2 1/2 tsp minced fresh ginger, 1 1/2 tsp minced garlic, 24 boneless skinless chicken thighs (about 5 lbs). This makes a TON. If you use bone in cook longer till no more pink or temp reads 165f degrees.
Grilled Huli Huli Chicken
If you love Potatoes au Gratin but hate what it does to your waistline, then I have the recipe for you! The Spaghetti Squash au Gratin is simply delectable and healthy! I cant wait to make this dish for my family and friends on Easter | dandy dishes @ Delicious Recipes
Sour Cream, Side Dishes, Fun Recipe, Hashbrown Casseroles, Hash Brown, Spaghetti Squashes, Augratin, Gratin, Squashes Au
Spaghetti Squash Au Gratin -- Made this tonight and the flavor is really similar to potato hashbrown casserole. The squash is a little crunchier than potatoes, but all in all it was a success in this house. Easy to prepare which was a definite bonus :) ---review---This was excellent, though I added a little butter and subbed the sour cream with Greek yogurt, and added a little more cheese.. I didn't think it tasted like hash browns at all though.
Spaghetti squash au gratin: tastes like hashbrown casserole (without the carbs). #spaghettisqash #augratin
I just found my other side dish for dinner tonight! :) Will sub sour cream w/ Greek yogurt and maybe add some chopped canadian bacon... --- Spaghetti squash au gratin: tastes like hashbrown casserole (without the carbs).
Spaghetti Squash
Herb-crusted pork chops (~210cal each from Eat Yourself Skinny). This one looks great too -- and I've had fantastic luck with corn flake crusts -...
Herbcrust Pork, Herbs Encrusted, High Protein, Low Carb Pork Chops Recipe, Favorite Recipe, Crusts Porkchops, Herbs Pork, Encrusted Pork, Herbs Crusts Pork
Panko herb pork chops
Herb Crusted Pork Chops Yield: 4 servings Recipe adapted from Cooking Light Ingredients 4 boneless pork chops, fat trimmed ...
Eat Yourself Skinny » Herb Crusted Pork Chops
Grilled Chicken with Spinach and Melted Mozzarella // low carb, high protein, clean and lean via SkinnyTaste
Low Carb, Chicken Recipe, Fun Recipe, Chicken Dishes, Grilled Chicken, Spinach, Weights Watchers Recipe, Melted Mozzarella, Chicken Breast
Grilled Chicken with Spinach and Melted Mozzarella recipe. #grilledchickenrecipe #chicken #recipe
Grilled.
Low calorie, low carb, low fat but high flavor Zucchini Boat Turkey Tacos | Persnickety Plates
Zucchini Recipe, Boats Turkey, Food, Zucchini Boats, Healthy Eating, Turkey Tacos, Low Carb Low Fat Meals, Flavored Zucchini, High Fat Low Carb Recipes
50 Zucchini Recipes - zucchini boat turkey tacos
Persnickety Plates: Zucchini Boat Turkey Tacos)
3 Simple LIVER-DETOXING Drink Recipes to FLUSH TOXINS from your LIVER + ELIMINATE BELLY FAT: 1) The Colorful DETOX Drink 2) The GREEN TEA CITRUS Drink 3) The Golden LIVER-FLUSHING Drink
Recipe, Drinks
3 Simple Recipes for
Three Simple Liver-Detoxing Drinks That Flush Toxins From Your Liver and Eliminate Belly FatHealth Shortcut « Health Shortcut
health and Beauty 4Ever: Ginger Cuke Detox Juice~Kyaaaaa~! I promised you a Birthday fic, so here it is! Yay!
I made up the restaurant name…
Disclaimer~
Ritsu was confused. Everyone was leaving. When Ari and Masamune had come back, Ari had insisted that they leave. Now he was alone with Masamune.
"Where is everyone—Mmmph!" Masamune covered his lips with his own in a passionate kiss. Ritsu was pretty much helpless against it and kissed back. Their tongues battled for dominance, but of course, Masamune won. He sucked on Ritsu's lips and Ritsu moaned. Masamune smiled, but he knew they had to wait. He pulled back, and Ritsu looked at him with questioning eyes.
"Happy Birthday, Ritsu." He breathed in Ritsu's ear. Ritsu jerked in surprise. He glanced at the calendar and realized that he was right.
"Oh. I completely forgot!" Masamune chuckled.
"Well, at least one of us remembered." He lied smoothly. "I made reservations for us at Suromi's."
"Suromi's? Isn't that a fancy couples' place?"
"Well duh!" He rolled his eyes. "We are a couple, dummy." Ritsu blushed.
"W-what time?"
"Five o'clock. Until then, we could go for a drive and to a few shops…"
"O-okay…. Hey, can we stop at the phone store? My phone's speakers are broken, and my mom's called—OH NO! My mom! I forgot!"
"What?"
"M-my mom always tries to make plans! Ugh! I totally forgot!"
"Just get ready and we'll go to the mall."
"Okay…Um, d-do you… um…."
"Yes?"
"D-do y-you want to t-take a sh-shower w-with me?" Masamune's jaw nearly dropped. Hell yes!
"Yeah, let's go." He grabbed Ritsu's arm and dragged him to the bathroom, where they ended up having to take two showers instead because Masamune just couldn't control himself.
8888
They walked around the mall for a while as they waited for his phone to get done. Masamune helped him pick it out. Masamune bought one of the same kind.
"But why does it need a good camera?"
"Well, if you're leaving for America, it might be a good idea to make a tape—"
"What kind of tape?" Ritsu asked hotly. Masamune only smiled.
"The good kind. We'll make one on each camera, that way you won't get lonely."
"What the hell do you mean by that?"
"Well, what do you think I mean?" He asked suggestively.
"Ugh! That's it! Walk around by yourself for the next half-hour. I'll see you at the phone store!" He stormed off, but not before Masamune saw him blush.
"Ritsu, come back!" He couldn't help but laugh. He stopped laughing when he saw that Ritsu wasn't coming back. "Damn…"
Ritsu continued to walk around, looking in a few stores and stopping mostly in book stores. He briefly wondered if he'd been too harsh on Masamune. He decided that it was fine and began to read. He didn't realize how much time had passed. Almost an hour! He put the book back and ran to the phone store, where he met up with a very angry looking Masamune.
"Where the hell did you go?" He already knew most of the answers. He'd followed Ritsu for a while, getting ideas for his gift. He was also making sure that the clerk from the book store didn't flirt with him. He'd seen her do so before, and this time he'd glared at her until she almost flinched. He continued to follow him, but he'd lost him a few minutes ago. He almost called out his lover's name, but he realized that then Ritsu would know he'd been following him.
"S-sorry! I was reading and I lost track of time—and then I got caught up in talking with that one bookstore clerk." He added the last part because he was suspicious of Masamune. He didn't have his new phone, and yet he claimed he'd been waiting here…. That liar! I bet he followed me! Then he heard Masamune curse and mutter,
"Damn that girl…I thought I settled that with her. He's mine."
"Aha! You followed me!"
"What else was I supposed to do?"
"Well, you could have left me alone! It was only about forty-five minutes!"
"So? I'm going to—damn. I guess I can't punish you today. It's your Birthday… unless… you want me to?"
"Sh-shut up! Let's just get our phones!" But when he turned around, Masamune groped him.
"M-Masamune!"
"What?" Masamune did it because he saw some girl staring hungrily at Ritsu's ass. He doesn't want anyone else to look at him like that. Plus, he liked doing it anyways.
"D-don't do that in public!"
"…. So I can do it in in private?"
"…You will anyways."
"Mmm…true." He said, pulling Ritsu in for a kiss. The girl behind them hissed in disgust and walked away. Ritsu pushed him back (Masamune let him).
"M-Masamune!"
"C'mon, let's get our phones." He said, taking Ritsu's hand. Ritsu blushed, but he didn't protest.
Before they even left the store, Ritsu saw a flash. He rubbed his eyes.
"W-what was that?"
"I took a picture of you."
"Why?"
"Because I wanted a picture of your cute blush."
"B-baka…" Masamune only smiled. He saved that picture as his background. It was really good. Ritsu was blushing and looking at the camera, he had that expression he always had back in highschool. Masamune had to shake his head and clear his thoughts before he ravaged Ritsu right in the middle of the store. He glanced at the clock on his phone. It was only three-thirty. They were about to exit, but then Masamune noticed a certain type of store. Ritsu immediately let go of his hand.
"We are NOT going into a sex shop!" He hissed. Masamune wanted to argue, but he decided that he'd let it go since it was Ritsu's Birthday.
"Fine…" Ritsu was surprised. "…But you have to kiss me. Right here. In the middle of the mall." Now he wasn't.
"N-no! What if someone sees?"
"I'm walking to the store then—mmph." Ritsu actually kissed him! He pulled Ritsu closer, but he knew he had to let him go. It was only because of the bags he was carrying.
"C'mon. We need to go get ready for our reservations." Ritsu was still blushing, but he nodded. This time, surprisingly, it was Ritsu who instigated the hand-holding.
8888
Ari smiled. Her plan was working! They were working on setting up a surprise party for Ritsu. There were streamers and even a banner. She knew he hated to be the center of attention, but she didn't care. He'd done the same for her before. It was the first time she had ever had a real Birthday celebration. They were nine years old, and Ritsu asked his parents about it, and they'd readily agreed. He never really asked them for anything, and they liked Ari. She was so happy! She would not let him down. Wait… Oh no! I forgot to call his parents! She quickly got out her phone.
"Hello?"
"Onodera-san—"
"Arika! Oh my gosh, have you heard from Ritsu? I tried to call him! I'm so worried—" Ari cut her off, knowing she'd ramble forever.
"Onodera-san, he's fine! His phone broke—"
"Then why hasn't he called me on your phone or something? It's his Birthday! I want—"
"Actually, his…friend, Takano-san, is keeping him busy. We're planning a surprise party for him—"
"What? But An-chan and I—"
"You guys can come! It's at eight! You might want to get here earlier though…Onoder-san, is—"
"Please, Arika, call me 'mama'!"
"Onodera-mama, if you don't mind… why An-chan? I thought… I thought they um… broke up?"
Onodera-mama sighed.
"Yes. Ritsu broke it off. I'm kind of hoping that they'll get back together tonight…."
"H-he already has someone…"
"He does? Who is she?" Onodera-mam demanded.
"H—She can't come tonight. She's… out of town… And doesn't An-chan have a boyfriend?"
"Yeah, but I don't know if Suro-kun and her will last…"
"J-just come around seven-thirty…"
"Okay."
Phew
8888
Ritsu and Masamune were at Suromi's. Ritsu had to admit that this was a good choice. The food was good, and the music was decent. Masamune kept smiling.
"Why are you so happy?"
"Because you're enjoying your Birthday date." Ritsu blushed even more.
"Y-yeah… Thank you. This has… well, it's been the best Birthday I've ever had. You don't make a huge fuss over me like my parents do. A-and… I-I've had a really good time with you, despite the little escapade at the mall." Masamune grinned. He was not looking forward to going to Kano's house now. His pants felt tight. Ritsu had no idea what he did to him. He was blushing so cutely!
"Well, I'm flattered. I must say, I had a good time too. Especially with that 'escapade' at the mall."
"Baka…"
"C'mon, we gotta get going." He let Masamune lead him out after paying the bill. He got in the passenger seat and
"SURPRIIIIIIISE!" Ritsu jumped, completely stunned. He scanned the now-lit living room of the Ikimoto siblings. His friends and family where all there. Even Rara and Sorata. He supposed it was because they shouldn't be left alone all day. Rara bounded up to him and nudged his hand. He smiled and patted her head. Her belly was big! She was probably only a few weeks away from having puppies! He wasn't sure when Sorata was due though. Maybe around the same time. His mother came up and hugged him tight.
"Oh Ritsu! Happy Birthday, Babay!" She kissed his cheek and hugged him again. Kisa snickered. He blushed and introduced his parents to everyone. When he got to Masamune, he could tell that he was pale.
"Mom, Dad, this is my—friend, Masamune." He said. His mother hugged Masamune tight.
"Thank you for caring for my sweet baby! You're such a good friend!" His father however, shook his hand.
"Haha, thanks, my boy! He's lucky to have such a good friend!" He smiled kindly. Ritsu really did take after his father. He had a similar build, the same brown hair, and the same kind smile. As he got a closer look, he could see that Ritsu also had some of his mother's features. Her eyes mirrored the ones he loved, he had her nose, and he also had her heart-shaped face.
"No problem, sir, ma'am."
"Oh please, Takano-san! You can call me 'mama'! You can call him 'papa', too!"
"Er, thanks, Onodera-mama." She beamed at him.
"It's time for gifts!" Ari announced.
"I-I can wait until—"
"No!" His mom and Ari said at the same time.
"O-okay…" He blushed and sat down in his chair. Masamune and Onodera-papa brought out the gifts. The first one he opened was from An-chan. Masamune stood protectively by Ritsu, knowing he'd probably throw it away and buy it for Ritsu himself.
"Oh, thank you, An-chan! These are my favorites!" It was a basket of assorted candies.
"I know. I ordered them especially for you, Ri-chan…" She blushed lightly. Masamune grumbled, knowing that some of them were foreign and would be hard to find. He'd have to let Ritsu keep them… The next one was from Kisa and Yukina. It was a new laptop case.
"Thanks, guys! I needed a new one!" He really had. He'd ripped his old one. Hatori got him a new reading light, and he was grateful. Masamune's apartment needed one. His parents got him a few shirts and a jacket. He opened a few other gifts, and when he got to Masamnue's, he smiled. It was the messenger bag he'd found at the mall. It was dark brown, had an adjustable strap, and had man extra pockets.
"Thanks, Masamune." He glanced around and realized that his parents were in the kitchen, getting the cake, so he kissed him quickly on the lips. It took all of Masamune's willpower not to deepen it.
"You can really thank me later, when I give you your…other gift when we get home." Ritsu blushed.
The party went off without a hitch, until he was left alone with An-chan in the kitchen for a minute.
"So... An-chan, I heard you had a new boyfriend! I'm happy for you!" She blushed and said quietly,
"Y-yeah. He's great. How are things with you and Takano-san?"
"U-um, w-we're good…. So anyways, what's his name?"
"Suroku." Ritsu froze as he was pouring his drink.
"W-what's his surname?" An-chan was pleased at his reaction. Perhaps he wanted to get back together?
"He couldn't be here because he had a family thing. Coincidentally, his last name is Takano, too."
"O-oh… Y-yeah… Coincidence…" He tried to smile, but he was failing. He was having trouble smiling for the rest of the night. Until… Later, he and Masamune were outside together, alone. They both needed a break.
"What's with you?"
"W-what do you mean?"
"Why aren't you happy? Did something happen?"
"I-I spoke with An-chan earlier…" Masamune stiffened and tightened his hold on Ritsu's arm.
"Oh?" He asked through gritted teeth, plotting the girl's demise.
"Yeah… I… I heard some interesting news…"
"What would that be?"
"…Your half-brother and An-chan are… dating…" Masamune searched his eyes. He wasn't lying.
"O-oh… Well, why is that bad?" He asked worriedly. Was Ritsu jealous over An-chan?
"B-because if they're dating… Well, my mom and her mom are friends… I'll have to see him at family events…"
"Oh."
"Yeah. I don't… I don't think I can handle that…"
"But I told you! Nothing—"
"I know… But I was scared… And, if he really wanted to b-break us up, I don't really want to see him again…"
Masamune kissed him softly.
"You know I won't let that happen. He won't try anything again."
"I-I know…"
"Now c'mon. The party's wrapping up. The Birthday Boy has to say goodbye to his guests!" He teased. Ritsu punched his arm and let him drag him inside.
8888
When they got back to Masamune's apartment, Masamune grinned. Now he had Ritsu all to himself.
Ritsu had been carrying the cake, but when he stumbled, he got some on his cheek. After setting it down, he was going to wash his face, but a husky voice stopped him.
"Mmm…. Frosted Ritsu…"
~Kyaaaa~! Haha, well, the next chapter is the lemon, but I have to go do stuff! In the meantime, go read YasuoAoki's 'A Pirate's First Love'! It's awesome!BEIRUT -- Senior Syrian officials lashed out on Sunday at foreign governments that have recognized the opposition, while armed skirmishes around the country included a fresh salvo across the border with Israel.
Syria's information minister, Omran al-Zoubi, accused France, Turkey and Qatar of supporting "terrorism" in Syria by extending diplomatic recognition to the new National Coalition of Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces, including the acceptance of an official envoy in Paris, according to a summary of his remarks carried by SANA, the official news agency. addressed the gathering, warning that outside interference could incite violence throughout the region. Arming the opposition would only aggravate the crisis, SANA quoted him as saying.
France broached the idea last week of lifting the arms embargo on Syria, saying it was studying the idea of helping the rebels. In general, Western nations have avoided providing weapons.
There were reports on Sunday of a minor exchange of fire across the border with Israel in the Golan Heights, the third such.
There may have been Syrian army casualties, said Brig. Gen. Yoav Mordechai, the chief Israeli army spokesman, but he said that could not be confirmed. There was no immediate comment from Syria, which demands the return of the Golan Heights, occupied by Israel since 1967, but has long kept the border quiet.
The Local Coordination Committees, a network of opposition activists who monitor the conflict in Syria, reported that stray shelling in the southern province of Daraa had landed in Jordan.
Both Syria's official media and the opposition also reported fierce skirmishes in Damascus, Aleppo, Deir al-Zour and other cities..After playing this game for a while I feel like we've all experienced the moment when our bankroll reaches 0 after scuming for specific glyphs+altars combo or trying to do the infamous, now obsolate, Troubling Times part 6.
At the moment each trophy yields 150g (assuming you did the Horiatio quest) and, at least for me, the numbers haven't changed at all no matter how many repeated runs I do. Hopefully I'm not the only one, so to exploit this fact I recommend doing Hobbler's Hold runs with Bet on Boss as preparation. The dungeon is brainless and easily doable within ~2 min, pick whichever class you prefer. Each run gives 300+ gold and I really doubt you can farm the gold at a faster rate. The new 5x mod for a trophy sure is nice but it doesn't necessarily pick the easiest dungeon. So yeah, if you are in a need of some quick cash try it!
Hopefuly this will help someone.Go and see by yourself !
Shy looking but not! I love life and the best way to do enjoy it is to move, to travel and explore or re-explore... I love to meet people, talk with them (in their languages). From the Bwa (Bobo) ethinic group, I speak franckly. I love honest people.
Music, walking, travel.
reading and watching adventures...
Timbuktu on the sand dunes, Mopti for its fish and crowd!
But Sanékuy my village first!
10 Jul 2005 - 28 Jul 2005
Visiting: Burkina Faso and Benin...
Editing section: QuickFacts04/12/2015
Ross Brady becomes full-time assistant coach, adds Robert Spain as volunteer assistant
Ross Brady joined the NIU men's soccer staff prior to the 2013 season and was promoted to a full-time role in January of 2015. Along with his duties at NIU, Brady served as the Director of Coaching for the Northern Illinois FC from 2013-14.Brady began his collegiate coaching career in 2011 with the Hastings women's program, helping the Broncos to an 18-3-1 record, both the Great Plains Athletic Conference regular season and tournament championships while advancing to the Round of 16 in the NAIA Tournament. Brady moved over to the Hastings men's program in 2012 and helped guide the Bronco men to a 16-7 record, GPAC regular season and tournament crowns and the Round of 16 in the NAIA Tournament.During his time in Nebraska, Brady was served as varsity assistant coach, and JV head coach, at Hastings High School and also worked as a staff coach with the Nebraska Olympic Development Program (ODP).A native of Memphis, Tenn., Brady played collegiately at Lambuth University in Jackson, Tenn., helping the Eagles win a pair of conference championships (2007, '08) while advancing to the NAIA Tournament in 2008. While playing at Lambuth, Brady also coached the Jackson Wolves U16 boys and U13 girls for one season.Brady holds at National "B" License and National Youth License from the United States Soccer Federation, he also holds a Goalkeeping Level I and II Diploma from the National Soccer Coaches Association of America. He earned his Bachelor's Degree in Health and Human Performance from Lambuth in 2011 and his Master's in Teaching, with an endorsement in Physical Education, from Hastings in 2013.Creating your own individual sounds and innovative instruments has never been easier. With the help of the newly developed engine found in HALion 4, you are able to realize your sonic visions faster and more efficiently than ever before. By fusing the overwhelming functionality of a state-of-the-art software sampler with the creative capabilities of a top-notch virtual analog synthesizer, HALion 4 is the first choice for sound designers who are looking to push their sound creations to the next level. Its flexible approach to re-arranging elements in the user interface only emphasizes the advanced usability that makes HALion 4 the most user-friendly software sampler in the world - allowing you to stay on top of things, no matter how large the project. Including a stunning selection of high-quality sounds and presets as well as supporting Steinberg's groundbreaking VST Expression 2 technology, HALion 4 is truly a powerhouse of a VST instrument out to let you design individual sounds - your way Key Features: · State-of-the-art sound design environment developed according to the requirements of professional sound designers · Award-winning 32-bit floating-point Steinberg audio engine with up to 192 kHz, 32 stereo outputs and 6-channel surround support · Flexible user interface for customizing and saving windows and screen sets · Multi-monitor support for perfect overview of large projects · Virtual Analog Synthesis Engine offers multiple oscillator types, additional sub and noise oscillators and cross-modulation support · VST 3.5 and VST Expression 2 support for unique instrument articulation management and expression control on single-note level · Flexible signal routing with free assignable buses per layer, virtual audio mixing console with 8 inserts per channel and 4 Aux sends · MegaTrig for easy programming of playing styles and articulations without page-filling scripting · Drag and drop for quick and easy sample mapping · Unlimited undo/redo plus Undo History for hassle-free sound experiments · Automatic on-the-fly mapping during import · Outstanding library with more than 1,600 instrument sounds created by top sound experts at Steinberg and Yamaha · 64-bit Disk-Streaming technology for high performance sample playback · Integrated MediaBay sound management system for immediate access to the library ·Flexible Quick Controls per program and layer for instant access to sound and FX parameters and easy automation in the host · and much more!A juggler and a conductor were among the artists who helped create a device which can retrieve dozens of different movement sequences in a matter of minutes.
Motion capture tools are used by the performing arts for everything from live productions to creative screen-bound works, choreographic notation and archiving, but it is difficult to identify required sequences for a given project amid the mass of data these tools generate.
Led by principal investigator Sally Jane Norman, director of Newcastle University's Culture Lab (), researchers have come up with a prototype data retrieval tool which makes selecting movement features or sequences much easier: the user 'sketches' the required movement with a mouse or pen and this triggers a search for a similar sequence.
Details of the research are being published online in the Royal Society journal Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society A.
"Capturing human movement data theoretically interests a variety of people, but its actual usefulness depends on how effectively data retrieval and analysis can be performed," explained Dr Norman. "This development opens up far more cross-sector opportunities, making human motion capture a rich area of interdisciplinary investigation twenty years after the animation industry first teamed up with biomechanics experts."
As performing artists can accurately reproduce complex gestures and adopt novel creative approaches, they are ideal test subjects for developers tracking human movement.
Motion capture works across many disciplines, with artistic performance skills combined with research from sectors such as biomechanics, sensor development and information processing.
In addition to the biomedical sector, where movement is monitored for diagnostic or corrective purposes, motion capture libraries are increasingly being used by the cinematographic and games industries, and in education, advertising, training manuals and simulators.
Story Source:
The above story is based on materials provided by Newcastle University. Note: Materials may be edited for content and length.
Cite This Page:Jan's second season at Spurs in 2013-14 was hit by injuries that forced him out of 12 matches between December-February and then out of our final six matches of the campaign.
He made 33 appearances in all competitions, 23 in the Premier League and scored once, in our Europa League group match against FC Sheriff.
Already capped 63 times by Belgium (as of September, 2014) Jan was a proud member of the Belgian squad to qualify for the World Cup and subsequently make it through to the quarter-finals in Brazil before losing to Argentina.
Jan joined Ajax's famed Academy in 2003 before signing professional terms in 2006.
He went on to play over 200 times in all competitions for Ajax, landing the title in 2011 and 2012 and gaining a wealth of experience in Europe.
A regular captain of the team, Jan was also named the prestigious Dutch Player of the Year in 2012.
Jan enjoyed a fantastic first campaign at Spurs in 2012-13, culminating in a place in the PFA's Premier League Team of the Season, voted for by his peers.
Switching between central defence and left-back, Jan.
2 May 2015
10:15
29 April 2015
15:45
24 April 2015
15:09
17 April 2015
15:33
29 March 2015
11:00
PreviousYounes Kaboul
Vlad ChirichesNext
View mobile site
All photography copyright Action Images plc (unless otherwise stated)-Shubik trading-post-6 (July)
Pages: 391-400.
- Postlewaite, A & Schmeidler, David, 1978. "Approximate Efficiency of Non-Walrasian Nash Equilibria," Econometrica, Econometric Society, vol. 46(1), pages 127-35, January.
- Florig, Michael, 2001. "Hierarchic competitive equilibria," Journal of Mathematical Economics, Elsevier, vol. 35(4), pages 515-546, July.
- Gerard Debreu, 1961. "New Concepts and Techniques for Equilibrium Analysis," Cowles Foundation Discussion Papers 129, Cowles Foundation for Research in Economics, Yale University.
- Jaynes, Gerald David & Okuno, Masahiro & Schmeidler, David, 1978. "Efficiency in an Atomless Economy with Fiat Money," International Economic Review, Department of Economics, University of Pennsylvania and Osaka University Institute of Social and Economic Research Association, vol. 19(1), pages 149-56, February.
-.
- Danilov, V. I. & Sotskov, A. I., 1990. "A generalized economic equilibrium," Journal of Mathematical Economics, Elsevier, vol. 19(4), pages 341-356.
-.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:eee:mateco:v:39:y:2003:i:5.The project was SO EASY to do! So easy that my mom did all the work while I held a slightly squirming 6-month old AND took the pictures!! I LOVE the fact that this project does NOT require getting an infant’s hand dirty with paint!
Mess-Free Christmas Handprint Ornament
Supplies needed:
a glass {or plastic} ornament ball clear embossing ink {such as Versa Mark} embossing powder {color of your choice} q-tip or pencil eraser {to clean it up a bit} embossing heat gun or hair dryer {just test the hair dryer on the embossing powder first}
Once you have all the supplies at the ready, then;
Step 1:
Continue reading Mess-Free Christmas Handprint Ornament
Remember
Continue reading 12 Reasons Why I Have the most Awesome Husband!
Here is my Take it on Tuesday project: This year for Christmastime, I wanted to bless my husband by doing something thoughtful for him. He is the perfect guy for me: strong, yet sensitive, affectionate and understanding. I love him so much, but I don’t often show it in his love language: words of encouragement.
I’m combining what I saw on All Our Days, and the idea of speaking words of encouragement to him. I know that the actual 12 days of Christmas begin on Christmas Day, but ours will run from December 13th through Christmas Eve. Each day my husband will receive a gift and often a note that tells him how much I respect and appreciate him.
12 Days of Christmas: Blessing My Husband
There are just so many fun Christmas projects that I would LOVE to be able to work on!! And there is not enough time to be getting ready for Christmas! I thought I would share a couple of Christmas projects I spotted that would be easier/less time consuming.
Advent Calendars
1. Last year I made these Advent Calendar Boxes. Each box contains an ornament to hang on the tree and a Scripture verse to go with it! Check out my post on it.
2. Want some more advent calendar ideas? Check out September Acres‘ Round-up of 12 Fun Advent Calendars:
Cone Trees
3. These DIY Paper Cone Trees from The Happy Tulip
Continue reading Getting ready for Christmas: 7 ideasAmerican Pie: Reunion (What Have They Been Up To?) (page 2)
April 5, 2012 11:10 AM
Photo Credit: Lisa Maree Williams/ Getty Images
Alyson Hannigan aka “Band chick with the flute”
Has become a TV sitcom star with Buffy the Vampire Slayer and How I Met Your Mother. She also is pregnant with her 2nd child!
I want to join everybody else in the WoW blogging community in saying farewell to one of the pioneers and true champions in the World of Warcraft blogosphere.
Phaelia from Resto4Life will be shutting the place down as of March 19th, 2009. Phaelia and Mr. Phae are in the process of having a baby, and it’s simply a matter of priorities.
On a personal note, although I’ve never had more than one-sentence conversations with Phaelia (I can’t imagine the amount of mail she receives) she has always been helpful, enabling, and encouraging. Aside from “the really major players” I think I’ve gotten more referral traffic from Resto4Life than any other WoW blog. I am honoured that Phae chose to keep me “on her list” for so long. From such a heroine of the art, I know of no greater compliment.
But she hasn’t pulled the plug YET! Hurry on over! In typical Phaelia style, she’s throwing a party and running a contest. There is a Belkin Nostromo Speedpad N52TE up for grabs, and I would be quick to point out that the contest is open to Canadians as well! (Seems some things just work better when you don’t have an in-house legal department to deal with. *cough*) Hurry on over and get your entries in. Let’s let Phae know that we love her, and that she is going to be deeply missed.
We wish Phae and her new sapling health, happiness, and a long life.
And Phae? If the baby comes out with a beard, and a dagger in one hand (and a beer in the other) do me a favour and delete my e-mail address out of your Outlook ok hon? Mwah.
/vanishA QUAD bike worth £1,000 was stolen outside a house in South Ham.
The theft of the blue Barossa bike took place by a house in Dartmouth Walk, between 2.30am and 5.20am on Tuesday, February 12.
Anyone with information on the theft can contact PC Mark Pullman at Basingstoke CID on 101 or call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Please log in to enable comment sorting
8:06am Wed 13 Feb 13
JJ38JJ says...eddydotnet
Newbie Poster
2 posts since Nov 2007
Reputation Points: 0 [?]
Q&As Helped to Solve: 0 [?]
Skill Endorsements: 0 [?]
•Newbie Member.
If both the ethernet and wifi have been assigned the same IP address, one or the other won't connect.
If your computer is a Dell, then like my laptop once had, it will have same boatware called "Dell Control Point" look for an option in there related to network settings. I'm sorry that I can't tell you what or where to look, I didn't keep it on my computer.
If neither of those options work, please say. We will then look at changing the priorities each network adapter is given.-  "Frederic A. Hihn"
Capitola Hotel's Heyday, by Ross Eric GibsonIn only 25 years, Capitola went from an 1869 campground to home of one of the top seven coastal resort ... [Read more]
Skyland and Highland, by John V. YoungAn attempt to find a name signifying a place higher than high accounts for the present name of Skyland, an ... ]
A Walk Through Time: Fredrick A. Hihn, by Janet Krassow and Randy Krassow[Read more]
Felling the Giants, by Stephen Michael PayneThe first redwood tree (Sequoia Sempervirens) seen by a white man was on the Corrallitos Creek, in what is now ... [Read more]
Search Local History Articles
Explore Santa Cruz County History!
[Eliza W. Farnham, who promoted social reform, became matron of the women's section of Sing Sing Prison in 1844. Despite the improvements she made, her liberal views brought her into conflict with other staff members and she was forced to resign in 1848. That same year, her husband (Thomas ..." [More]
Excerpted from An Excursion up the Coast by Eliza W. FarnhamDisney Pirates Caribbean Marc Davis Concept Art Pin Sets Cast Dlr Wdw Wdi D23 For SaleYou are offerding on custom walnut framed pins consisting of two sets of Pirates of the Caribbean Mark Davis Concept Art pins (one limited edition of 500 and the other a limited edition of 250), Pirates of the Caribbean - Ye Be Warned (Jumbo) (limited edition of 750), and WDI - Cast/ Imagineer Exclusive - Pirates of the Caribbean (Jumbo) (limited edition of 1000). The frame/display case has been upgraded with a layer of rubber to securely hold the pins in place plus a layer of cardinal red velvet to better highlight the pins. This sale includes all original pin backs, backing cards and boxes (Ye Be Warned and plaque pins).One complete set (limited edition of 500) of 12 Marc Davis Pirates Of The Caribbean Concept Art attraction pins sold on June 15, 2006 at Walt Disney Imagineering. Pin shows the talking pirate skull and swords at the beginning of the ride. All pins in this series have the same outside frame in bronze metal. This set contains the following pins (pin numbers are pinpics references):Pin 47741: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate Skull & Crossed Swords
Pin 47774: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - sale Scene (Redhead)
Pin 47775: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - sale Scene (saleeer)
Pin 47776: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - sale Scene (String of Ladies)
Pin 47777: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - Deadman's Cove
Pin 47778: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - Pirate Band
Pin 47779: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - Pirate and Pigs
Pin 47780: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - Singing Pirates w/ torch
Pin 47781: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - Captain on the Ship
Pin 47782: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - Jail Scene
Pin 47783: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - Pirate with Hats
Pin 47784: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate - Arsenal piratesPin sizes are 3 inches by 2 1/2 inches and has 2 pin backs. Back has Marc Davis signature
Walt Disney Imagineering
Disneyland Resort Pirates of the Caribbean
July 2006
Imagineer Exclusive
LIMITED EDITION OF 500
Disney ChinaOne complete set (limited edition of 250) of 7 Pirates of the Caribbean Marc Davis Concept Art released at the D23 Expo in 2011. The legacy of Marc Davis' Pirates of the Caribbean concept art continues in this series of 7 WDI pins, released at the D23 Expo 2011. This set is comprised of the following pins (pin numbers are pinpics references):Pin 86083: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate Concept Art - saleeer
Pin 86084: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate Concept Art - Treasure Room Pirate
Pin 86085: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate Concept Art - Captain's Quarters
Pin 86086: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate Concept Art - Skeleton Ghost Captain
Pin 86087: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate Concept Art - The Redhead
Pin 86088: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate Concept Art - Pirate Sitting on Dynamite
Pin 86089: WDI - Marc Davis Pirate Concept Art - Pirate Leaning on a CannonYe Be Warned Jumbo Pin
Pin 47652: DLR - Pirates of the Caribbean - Ye Be Warned (Jumbo)
This Limited Edition (750) Jumbo Pin features a skull pirate and the phrase "Ye Be Warned." The main skull pirate is a pin-on-pin and there are three dangles: two small skull-and-crossbones on either side and crossed cutlasses/swords on the bottom. All the parts of this pin that are pictured in white are glow in the dark, and are therefore a slight green tone. This jumbo pin measures approximately 4" tall by 3.5" wide. Pin 47722: WDI - Cast/ Imagineer Exclusive - Pirates of the Caribbean (Jumbo)
Limited Edition of 1000. Each pin is individually numbered. Pin is approx 3.5" X 3", in Bronze and Gold tones, the skull at the top of the pin is in color (Blue/Gray, Red, Black and White) And is wearing a Eye Patch and Skull and Crossbones hat. Two Mermaids flank the pin which reads: "Pirates of the Caribbean" Back of the Pin reads: Walt Disney Imagineering, Disneyland Resort, Pirates of the Caribbean, July 2006, Imagineer Exclusive, Limited Edition of 1000. Copyright Disney, China. Pin is packaged in a yellow/beige decorative, keepsake cardboard box that has a color picture of the jumbo pin on the top lid of the box. Display Case
This solid wood pin display case has been upgraded from just foam and black felt to have additional layers of rubber matting, to better hold the pins in place, and a top cover of cardinal red velvet, to better highlight the Pirate pins. The display case includes brass hinges, door latch, and wall brackets to hang (wall mounted). Glass door allows light to shine through for excellent visibility of the pins, while safely protecting the pins from dust and damage. Dimensions: 19"H X 14"W X 2.25"D
Interior Dimension: 18"H X 13"W Shipping will be by UPS. I only ship to the 48 contiguous United States.
Thank you to PinPics for the descriptions.
Posted with the Android app
This item has been shown 0 times.
Disney Pirates Caribbean Marc Davis Concept Art Pin Sets Cast Dlr Wdw Wdi D23:
$1,095
Cinderella Flower, 2011 Hidden Mickey Disney Pin
Walt Disney World Cast Exclusive "neat And Pretty" Mickey Mouse Pin
Disney Pin - Hkdl - 8th Anniversary – Magic Access Exclusive (le500)
Kermit The Frog Get A Disney Day Voluntears Cast Pin
Disney Trading Pin Lot 100, No Duplicates 100% Tradable Grab Bag #19 Dpf
Disney Trading Pin Lot 40, No Duplicates 100% Tradable Grab Bag #1.20 Rtq
Disney Disney Express Chip And Dale Train Le 1000 New Pin
Disney Trading Pin Lot 50, No Duplicates 100% Tradable Grab Bag # 56 Smp
Disney Trading Pin Lot 200, 100% Tradable Grab Bag # 18 Pas
Disney Trading Pin Lot 50, No Duplicates 100% Tradable Grab Bag # 55 Smp
Abstract
We demonstrate high resolution, three-dimensional OCT imaging with a high speed, frequency swept 1300 nm laser source. A new external cavity semiconductor laser design, optimized for application to swept source OCT, is discussed. The design of the laser enables adjustment of an internal spectral filter to change the filter bandwidth and provides a robust bulk optics design. The laser generates ~30 mW instantaneous peak power at an effective 16 kHz sweep rate with a tuning range of ~133 nm full width. In frequency domain reflectometry and OCT applications, 109 dB sensitivity and ~10 μm axial resolution in tissue can be achieved with the swept laser. The high imaging speeds enable three-dimensional OCT imaging, including zone focusing or C-mode imaging and image fusion to acquire large depth of field data sets with high resolution. In addition, three-dimensional OCT data provides coherence gated en face images similar to optical coherence microscopy (OCM) and also enables the generation of images similar to confocal microscopy by summing signals in the axial direction. High speed, three-dimensional OCT imaging can provide comprehensive data which combines the advantages of optical coherence tomography and microscopy in a single system.
© 2005 Optical Society of AmericaFull Article | PDF ArticleI doubt anyone is overly fascinated with usage stats for browsers and operating systems. Well, not to the extent where they must feed their cerebral cortex with this information on a second-by-second basis. If you must, however, then “Per cent of the Internet” is the site for you.
Put together by web stats firm Chartbeat, Per cent of the Internet displays real time usage numbers for the most popular browsers and operating systems. The page itself just shows a bunch of icons — Chrome, Internet Explorer, Linux’s Tux and so on — but clicking on one of these will display the percentage of the internet using that piece of software. At least according to Chartbeat.
Notably absent is information for mobile operating systems and browsers. I’m assuming this is the case as clicking the Apple logo only shows stats for Macs and the number for Linux users wavers between zero and one per cent, which does not account at all for the many, many Android devices that are browsing the web right now. As expected, Windows delivers the biggest number at 75 per cent, though it popped up to 76 per cent a few times while I was watching.
At the moment, it’s little more than a interesting curiosity, but that’s forgivable given it was thrown together in just two hours. Chartbeat, however, may expand the site’s functionality, according to a report by VentureBeat:
[ChartBeat] built the page in two hours ….
My suggestion for the first improvement? Definitely get some mobile stats up there.
Per cent of the Internet [Chartbeat, via VentureBeat]
That's a pretty small sample size. Wonder where they pull the data from....
Last edited January 5, 2013 1:42 pm
Why? Newspolls use 1200 people for voting intentions and that's 0.005%. 3 288 200 of total 7 billion people on the planet is 0.05% and there aren't 7 billion people who use computers on the planet.
Maybe not 7 billion users, but I personally have six internet-connected devices (Server, laptop, desktop, Android handset, Raspberry Pi & an XBox 360). They all add up.... and I'm sure there are more than 3.2 mil active connections at any one time. The API behind the service must depend on a limited data set.
BTW. Newspolls are always a small sample size, so I call bullshit on political polls too. They're not representative of the population.
Clearly you're not a psephologist jove. The thing about sample size is you need to be aware of margin of error. All polls such as Newspoll and Neilsen etc are published with a stated MOE - normally around 2-3% - which gets smaller the larger the sample. You don't need huge samples to get representative results. What you do need to ensure is that your sample is not skewed. Lots of these Internet stat sites use client data from tech sites, which means they are mostly sampling the geekier end of the spectrum. For instance, an analysis of Gizmodo readers would be unlikely to have the same browsing profile of the population at large. It wouldn't matter how large your sample. Randomness, not sample size, is the key to accuracy.
The data is from our (Chartbeat) API - so it's data pulled from thousands of sites across the web and across the globe, large and small and the active browser sessions on their sites.
Also, for you guys interested in some initial mobile stats, we have a similar labs project that shares some of that: chartbeat.com/labs/totaltotal (may need to zoom out to see the data).
16% are using a Mac yet only 13% are using Safari.
So Mac people don't like using Apple software :-)
OSX is Apple software, they must not like that either?
Such logic! 75% using Windows yet only 25% using IE so clearly PC users don't like Microsoft software.
Versus 73% windows pcs and 24% using internet explorer...
Besides, google is cheating. Watch what happens when you install a new PC and then go to download flash player
Flash player installs and then runs. Imagine that!Written by:
2/26/2009 5:29 PM
To enhance learning in general science, medical, engineering, art history, and other classes, educators depend on Canon REALiS Multimedia LCOS Projectors for exacting high-resolution detail and precision color, even with the lights on. educational institutions.
Medical Education
At the Institute of Ophthalmology and Visual Science at the New Jersey Medical School (part of the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey), Dr. Bernard C. Szirth, Director of the Applied Vision Research Laboratory, uses a Canon REALiS SX7 Multimedia LCOS Projector for educating residents, optometrists, and technicians in the delicate structures of the human eye. The Canon REALiS SX7 is also used for a community-based eye screening program that checks for retinal diseases in children and adults.
“It offers both the resolution and the color balance that is true to the capture capabilities of the clinical equipment we use,” Dr. Szirth said of the SXGA+ (1400 x 1050) resolution REALiS SX7. “It allows our students to understand digital images the way I see them in the scope. We project gray-scale fluorescein angiograms, which are difficult to interpret without high contrast and high resolving power. Without a projector that has the clarity of the REALiS SX7, it would be easy to miss the appearance of early diseases that are associated in the discovery or follow-up of an eye treatment. Color and resolution are also key factors.”
Engineering Exactitude
Across the country, at San Diego State University’s College of Engineering (one of the top 100 Ph.D.- granting engineering schools in the country) two Canon REALiS SX50 Multimedia LCOS Projectors provide exacting SXGA+ image quality for critical-viewing applications in two of its Computer Aided Design (CAD) labs.
“The image quality of the Canon REALiS SX50 Multimedia LCOS Projectors is stunning,” said Dr. James Frazee, Director of Instructional Technology Services for San Diego State University (SDSU). “The two REALiS SX50’s purchased by the School of Engineering for our CAD Labs have been a valuable addition. Students and faculty are regularly working with visually intensive material, and it’s much easier to understand the subject matter when the detail of fine lines that are typically present in CAD drawings are clearly visible.”
Multimedia Instruction
Deployment of advanced visual-information technology is also a priority at Hamilton College, the third oldest in New York State. The College’s new Science Center has installed 28 REALiS SX50 Multimedia LCOS Projectors to enhance the teacher/student experience by not only delivering images so crisp that even the smallest spread-sheet type is displayed clearly, but also by having a high brightness of 2500 ANSI lumens that doesn’t require total classroom darkness, so students can still take notes.
“Extremely fine images—especially in the sciences—are frequently being projected,” notes Tim Hicks, Hamilton College’s director of A/V Services. “One minute a geology professor might be showing a rock sample with microscopic details, then it’s a PowerPoint presentation, followed by graphs and charts with very fine lines, all of which require the high resolution of the REALiS SX50 Multimedia LCOS Projector.
“Beyond the highest possible resolution and the ability to accept DVI-I signals, our main criterion was that our new projectors not cost an arm and a leg,” Hicks added. .”
Physics and Color
Training for advanced science degrees begins well before the college and university level. At Urbana High School, in Urbana IL, physics teacher Matt Sly helps his students understand complex concepts by displaying visual information on a large screen with a Canon REALiS X600 Multimedia LCOS Projector. He explains that the Canon REALiS X600 provides images with exceptional color reproduction, high contrast, and high brightness.
“I was interested in the potential of a high-quality projector that could communicate my physics teaching to the students in a clearer manner,” explained Sly. “I was exactly what we needed.”
Sly notes that the clarity and color accuracy of the Canon REALiS X600 Multimedia LCOS Projector is especially invaluable for his lessons on the nature of light. “All of the colors for color mixing were presented very true to the descriptions,” he noted. “The Canon REALiS X600 delivers colors very accurately.”
Art Education
Color and detail are essential aspects of education in the arts as well as the sciences. Students pursuing a graduate degree in art history at the University of Maryland’s flagship campus in College Park carefully study the detail and color of world-famous artworks, most of which they’ve never seen in their original versions. Providing students with an accurate visual reproduction of the color and detail subtleties of art masterpieces is essential, which is why the university’s Department of Art History and Archaeology chose the Canon REALiS SX6 Multimedia LOCS Projector.
“It’s hard to talk about an artist such as Rembrandt and his late paintings and his brushwork, the almost chemical melding of different colors, and not be able to show that in the detail,” explained Quint Gregory, curator of the Department’s Visual Resources Center. “When you bring up a detail of his painting, you want students to see the texture, to see the colors accurately reproduced. They’re unpacking those objects with their eyes and their minds, and engaging them and trying to make sense of them, and put them in a meaningful context. In order for students to do that, they’ve got to be able to see these images well, and that’s why the projection is so important. That’s why the detail is important, and that’s why color is so incredibly important. And that’s why the REALiS SX6 is such a perfect fit.”
An Impact on Teaching
Canon’s REALiS Multimedia LCOS Projector is invaluable for art education in secondary schools as well. At Massapequa High School on suburban Long Island, New York, Art Educator Vickie Ahearn used to have to pass books around when she wanted to show her class close-up pictures of brush strokes or other fine artistic details. Now, however, a Canon REALiS X600 Multimedia LCOS Projector provides the class with large-screen displays of crisp XGA resolution images and all the 3500 ANSI lumen brightness necessary to view art illustrations in crystal clarity.
“I am able to demonstrate techniques to the entire class,” Ahearn stated. “Students no longer struggle to see. They can view large, brilliant images with magnified details and no distortion. I’ve demonstrated rendering and painting techniques using pencil, colored pencil, charcoal, oil pastel, pen and ink, and water color using the REALiS X600 and it has greatly impacted my students’ understanding of these techniques. The razor-sharp image from the REALiS X600 allows me to show how to blend colored pencils, creating subtle nuances of value.”
“The Canon REALiS X600 has changed how I teach my classes,” Ahearn added. “I can sit at my desk and demonstrate an art technique to the students, and they don’t have to leave their seats to see it. The bright, crisp image allows me to use the projector without having to turn off the lights in my classroom. The Canon REALiS X600 has had a huge impact on my teaching and use of technology as a seamless part of delivering instruction.”
For more information on Canon’s REALiS line of Multimedia LCOS Projectors go to.
###No birthday’s or special celebration in the Philippines is complete without a Pancit on the table. Inherited from the chinese immigrants in the Philippines Pancit signifies long life and longevity. Whether a big or small celebration pancit will definitely be the star on the table. Pancit or Pansit (noodles) comes in different form: the rice noodles (Bihon) or the Canton (egg noodles). Although vegetable based Pancit Canton also exist (Malunggay or Squash) in the supermarket today for a much healthier packed noodles. Each family has their own recipe of Pancit that they would cook only on this momentous gathering. Eating pancit is something truly Filipino , why did I say so? Firstly, Filipinos could eat pancit three times a day; for breakfast, lunch, dinner or sometimes even for snacks. Secondly, Filipinos love eating Pancit with something else, like steamed rice, pandesal or puto. I know that is double carbohydrates but we love it that way!
Ingredients:
Half a kilo of Pancit (Bihon or Canton) approximately for 5-6persons
6 gloves of garlic, crushed
1 big onion chopped
some cooking oil
2 boiled chicken breast, shredded
100 g of pork boiled, cut in cubes
10 pieces of shrimps (suaje)
2 big carrots, peeled and cut in julienne
1 big onion leeks, chopped
half a medium sized cabbage, sliced thinly
150 g of baguio beans (, sides removed and sliced)
chicken+ pork stock
salt, pepper, some soy sauce
kinstay (chopped) optional
Procedure:
Start by preparing the stock. In a big casserole put the chicken breast and pork filled it with water and let it boil until the meat are tender. Set aside the stock the chicken and the pork. When the chicken is no longer hot to handle shred the chicken meat using your hands. Cut the pork in cubes. Get a big sauce pan put the pork and cover it. This portion is called sankutsa, after few minutes you will see the fat from the pork melting. You will fry the pork in its own fat. You can add some more oil if you wish so. Once the pork are brown and golden on the surface, remove it from the oil. On the same oil put the garlic, the onions and the vegetables, stir fry the vegetables. Put some salt and pepper. Then put back the pork, chicken and the shrimps. You can also add other ingredients not mentioned in the recipes like kikiam, fishball or squidball. Continue cooking for the five minutes until the shrimps are cooked. Turn off the fire. Put back the chicken and pork stock in the casserole let it boil . Then add your pancit (canton or bihon) and let it cook in the stock. You can add some soy sauce to taste and pepper. Once the stock has been absorbed by the pancit add half of the stir fried vegetables on the pancit. Cut the fire, serve it immediately on a big serving dish, top it with the rest of the vegetables, some kintsay. Enjoy this with a slice of kalamansi.
For other Pinoy Noodle recipes:
Pinoy Sweet Style Spaghetti
Related Posts
Tagged: bihon, birthday dish, canton, pancit
MASARAP KAININ NG PINOY ANG PANCIT GUISADO LALO NA SA MGA BATA.Hi, I don't know how to set my posts to appear on a specific page. I had thought we'd want the more "bloggy" stuff to appear on a static page but changed my mind. Now I want posts to appear on my default "home" page but it's not working. I lose the prior post, and, I can't recover posts I tested last year and specifically indicate that that's where I want them to appear. Help.
The blog I need help with is culinaryhistoriansny.wordpress.com.Thank you for signing up to receive Spirit Halloween emails!
You will now be eligible to receive special email offers and discounts.
So Much Fun It's Scary!® - Only Days Until HALLOWEEN!
Open
Red Glitter Heels Women
1 - 2 of 2
Sort by:
1 of 1
Sort by:
1 of 1
Womans Red Glitter Flat Shoes
Click your heels three times and repeat "There's no place like home". Find your way home in these Red Glitter flats and & follow the yellow brick road to fun.
<<Fishing for Life presented its annual Fish Fair kids’ carnival and sportsman’s garage sale June 14-15 at the Anoka County Fairgrounds.
Between cloud-bursting downpours Saturday afternoon, kids practiced bow hunting, dropped a line in the trout pond, tied their own lures, pet live animals in the petting zoo and roasted plastic marshmallows and hot dogs in a faux fire pit.
Why, Bumpy the Fishing Hobo even paid a visit, tying long, skinny balloons into bouncing toy dogs and cats and posing for pictures with the kids.
Friday evening had families enjoying a fish fry and perusing items put up for sale in the sportsman’s garage sale.
Fishing for Life serves kids, families and community through fishing and outdoor programs and has presented Fish Fair at the Anoka County Fairgrounds for several years.
To learn more about Fishing for Life and to see the schedule for coming events, visit.
- Rods, reels, lures and loads of fishing equipment added to the June 14-15 Fish Fair activities at the Anoka County Fairgrounds.Photo by Sue Austreng
- After fashioning a balloon animal for the boys, Bumpy the Fishing Hobo poses for a portrait with brothers Peter and Eric Hanauska.Photo by Sue Austreng
- Mary Unverzagt and her baby brother Leo gather around a faux campfire as Sydney Dawson stoops to join them.Photo by Sue Austreng
- Bethani Sackor peers down the scope and times her shot, aiming a toy gun at plastic bottles and cans revolving on a platform ahead of her.Photo by Sue Austreng
- Elijah Zepeda gets a close look at a family of ducklings nestled in a pen full of farm animals including a mini fainting goat and a half-dozen pot belly pigs.Photo by Sue Austreng
- Adam Xiong reaches his line toward a school of fish swimming in the fish pond, hoping to snag a trout and earn some bragging rights during the June 14-15 Fish Fair.Photo by Sue Austreng
- Lily Balloy takes aim at balloons mounted on targets as she learns some fine tips about bow hunting during the June 14-15 Fish Fair event at the Anoka County Fairgrounds.
Sue Austreng is at [email protected]Bat World Educational Programs-North Texas
Bat World is dedicated to protecting the balance of the environment as well as providing educational programs to school children. We have been giving educational presentations for over a decade. Our guidelines for programs using live bats are endorsed by both public health and wildlife officials, and are utilized by the American Zoo and Aquarium Association. Bat World has been featured on 20/20, Animal Planet, Nickelodeon, David Letterman and The Disney Channel, to name just a few.
Our informative and entertaining programs dispel myths while encouraging conservation. Respect for all wildlife is encouraged, with particular emphasis placed on the potential dangers of handling wild animals. Both foliage-roosting and crevice-dwelling bats are utilized in the program. The non-releasable bats that take part in our lectures are only those that are not stressed while being viewed. Along with learning about the ecological importance of bats, students and adults learn about the fascinating personalities of the individual bats.
The program runs approximately 1.5 hours. It sounds like a long time, but there is so much information to cover and bats to be viewed that the time goes very quickly. If we need to shorten it to an hour, we can do that to accommodate your needs. Any less time and it does not do the species or the children justice. Bats are that fascinating.
Educational information cards are provided to attendees. The children will also be asked to take a ‘bat scout pledge’ to never touch a bat and then they receive an official bat scout ring.
All of the money we raise from our lectures goes towards the care, feeding and housing of the bats as well as towards our rescue and conservation efforts to support bats worldwide.
- Classroom lectures: $250.00 for up to 45 attendees
- Additional people (over 45) – $3.00 each
Thank you for reviewing our outreach education program information. We hope we will have the opportunity to visit and share the wonderful world of bats with you.
Contact Dottie Hyatt
Phone: 817-431-4866The Springfield Museums are inviting bakeries, schools, individual bakers and young people to submit design plans to create gingerbread houses that will be on view at the Springfield Science Museum as part of the holiday exhibit “Gingerbread Fantasy.”
Applications and design plans must be submitted by Nov. 11. Any structure, including designs based on children’s books, re-creations of historic homes or buildings, and original make-believe creations, will be eligible.
Applicants will be notified about selection decisions by Nov. 14. Gingerbread houses that are not pre-registered will not be accepted. Completed gingerbread houses must be delivered to the Museums on Nov. 21 and will be on display from Nov. 25 through Dec. 31.
Entry forms may be obtained by downloading an entry form from the museum web site at springfieldmuseums.org or stopping by the museum Welcome Center, or calling (413) 263-6800, ext. 322.
Entries will be accepted in the following contest divisions:
Professional division: bakeries, restaurants, caterers
Adult division: individuals or groups age 18 and up
Youth division: individuals or groups age 8 to 17 (School groups wishing to participate should call (413) 263-6800, ext. 322, for further information.)
Visitors on Nov. 25 will vote for their favorite gingerbread entry in each division and awards will be presented that day at 3 p.m. Voting will continue for People’s Choice Awards until Dec. 31, and the final winners will be posted on the Springfield Museums Facebook page.
The Springfield Museums are located on the Quadrangle at 21 Edwards St. in downtown Springfield. For additional information about the gingerbread contest, please call (413) 263-6800, ext. 322.Top Definition
a grain with a 3 to 1 boiling ratio. also a word that comes to mind when casting about for a good nickname for your swim coach.
keinwa will reluctantly return your salutes, should you be as cool as arnold or miss moron.
by miss moron April 10, 2005Home > Cash Drawer > Manual Cash Drawer > MMF Advantage Manual > ADV-1M161-04
ADV-1M161-04
by MMF
Part-Number:ADV-1M161-04
Description:Advantage Manual Cash Drawer, 3 Media Slots, US Till Layout, 18W x 16.7D, Color: Black
Interface:Manual
Color:Black
Price:
$149.00
The part number ADV-1M161-04 is associated with the MMF Advantage Manual.
For more information on the MMF Advantage Manual click here
Advantage Manual General Downloads:
MMF Advantage Manual General Description:
The LockIt cash drop compartment in the Advantage cash drawer will add an extra measure of protection at the POS station minimizing your losses. The benefits and usefulness of this robust manual cash drawer are many; the media and coin storage compartments allow more space and organization.
This is a cash drawer from MMF.
For a full product description, including specs, support and warranty details and additional models of the MMF Advantage Manual please click here.
For additional cash drawers please visit our cash drawer page.Bernard Rogers died on July 1st1909 at his home. He was 57 years, 5 months and 21 days old. He had arrived in Davis about 31 years prior from Ireland.
He was married to Miss Mary Ruane 31 years. Prior to her death in San Francisco and they had seven children:
John T. Rogers was a ranch foreman at the University farm Bernard Rogers Jr. was a clerk for J. B. Anderson in his general merchandise store Miss Loretta Rogers was a stenographer for the Schmeiser Manufacturing Company. [re: this “interfaith” conference from US citizens and around the world] were the most vile he had ever read. Since none of these emails have been published it is impossible to say.” [That alone should disqualify him as
rector. How about that Jesus isn’t the Son of God in the Islamic faith?
Would that be good or bad in the rector’s eyes, I wonder?] was Muslims must get active and get the real word out through the media. She feels the media is doing a good job for the anti-Islam side and that they feel there is anti-Muslim/anti-Islam bias at the signs these Christians are holding.” (This was in reference to Rubin Israel and a couple of his fellows protesting the conference.)II on.
And we cannot forget Mr. Salam Al-Marayati [MPAC president. [!!!Bike Test: Specialized SX Trail 1
Specialized went back to the drawing board in 2009 and heaped a whole lot of engineering love on the already venerable SX Trail. Highlights include a tapered headtube, chainstay-mounted front derailleur, a jungle of reconfigured tubes and all manner of bombproof,
forged frame pieces, including the headtube, rear dropouts, bottom-bracket shell and chainstay yoke.
The SX Trail 1 is the second-tier bike in the two-model SX line and comes with a smart mix of components. A RockShox Domain 318 fork and Fox DHX 4.0 rear shock handle suspension duties, while Avid Elixir R hydraulic discs (210-millimeter rotor up front; 185 in back) provide plenty of braking bite. The whole rig rolls on custom DT Swiss 550 wheels.
Out on the dirt, the SX allows for an insane margin of operator error: I lost count of the times I was certain I’d break myself in half, and yet managed to sail smoothly through bungled drops and sorely miscalculated line choices. Part of the credit here goes to the bike’s very neutral handling. The 66-degree headtube angle feels perfect on steep terrain. The stiff chassis tracks like a train through even the roughest corners, and the coil-sprung four-bar suspension manages to be silky smooth on small trail chatter while still delivering that bottomless feel on big landings.
Of course, all those massive tubes, oversized axles, and coil-sprung squishy things should lend a sort of fear-no-evil ride quality to a bike. What is surprising is that the SX is also a freakishly capable trail bike.
With its outstanding crotch clearance (standover is 27.5 inches on our medium-sized test bike), low bottom bracket (13 inches) and short chainstays (16.5 inches), the SX is one of the few “big bikes” that begs to be flicked and finessed on tight trails. It hugs the terrain like Satan’s very own go-kart, threads a mean needle and never wallows about in the middle of its travel: all very good things.
What could be improved? Both the derailleur cables and the rear brake line are routed in a bundle underneath the bottom bracket. While I never snagged the massive wiring harness on anything, I still have reservations about dangling that critical hydraulic line down there. Likewise, the SX’s low bottom bracket is a sort of love-it-or-hate-it proposition. Me? I’m a fan. Those who consistently pedal through rough stuff, however, might not feel the same way.
If you’re looking for a flyweight machine, this ain’t your bike. The SX’s burly frame, downhill-oriented com- ponents and steel-coil-spring suspension ratchet its weight up to almost 36 pounds, all making for a serious grudge with gravity. On the other hand, if you’re looking for one bike that excels at both the bike park and aggressive trails, the SX deserves a long, hard look. In fact, this might just be the perfect weapon.
MORE INFO:
$3,700
408-779-6229
specialized.com
Add a CommentTAMPA — A Texas woman was sentenced to a year in federal prison Friday for her role in a corporate identity theft scheme that had money laundering functions headquartered in Pinellas County.
Nicolette Loisel, 56, was also ordered by U.S. District Judge James S. Moody to serve 36 months of supervised release for her conviction on a charge of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
A jury found Loisel guilty of the charge earlier this year along with Roger Lee Shoss in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida.
Both Houston-based lawyers, Loisel and Shoss conspired from February 2005 to July 2006 to steal the identities of dormant publicly traded companies and use them to create shell corporations that they would later sell, federal authorities said. Four companies were sold to a man named Lawrence S. Hartman, and ultimately used in a sophisticated investment fraud and money laundering scheme based in Pinellas County.
The scheme involved multiple wire transfers originating in Pinellas County and given to Shoss, totaling at least $800,000, as payment for the companies. Shoss then gave Loisel $450,000.
The plot was later uncovered by Homeland Security Investigations, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the U.S. Secret Service.
Shoss was sentenced earlier this year to 18 months in federal prison followed by 36 months of home confinement. Loisel and Shoss were also both ordered to pay back the $800,000 profit they made from the scheme.By
Peter Knegt
|
Indiewire
December 12, 2013 at 8:35AM
David."
>>IMAGE"
"
Television nominations on the next page.The cast of the reality show 'Deadliest Catch' was dealt another blow with the untimely death of 33-year-old Justin Tennison, marking the second death in a little over a year for the show.Facebook
The untimely death of 33-year-old Justin Tennison Monday dealt another blow to the cast of the reality show "Deadliest Catch."
Tennison's body was found Tuesday afternoon in the Best Western Bidarka Inn in Homer, Alaska, police said. The father of two worked on the Time Bandit ship, fishing for."[1- Indian Paintbrush near the Icefields Parkway - click to enlarge]
The trailhead begins at the Wilcox Creek Campground with the distance to Wilcox pass is 4.0 km (2.5mi) one way. To take the full hike one-way from the Wilcox Creek Campground to Tangle Falls is 11.2km (7.0mi).
Half day to day trip
Allow 1.5 to 2 hours to Wilcox Pass
Elevation gain: 335m (1,100ft)
Maximum elevation: 2375m (7800ft)
To reach the trailhead take the Icefields Parkway Hwy 93 to the Wilcox Creek Campground on the east side of the highway 2.8km (1.7mi) south of the Icefields Centre or 1.9km (1.2mi) north of the Banff-Jasper boundary at Sunwapta Pass.
This hike is considered one of the best day hikes in Jasper National Park.
[2- Golden Mantle Ground squirrel aka Chipmunks - click to enlarge]
These little guys seem to populate the wood piles near campgrounds wherever one travels in the mountains.
The Wilcox Campground road is at an elevation of 2040m with a steep climb through alpine forest.
At approximately the 1.7km mark the trail emerges above the treeline gaining 120m in less than a kilometre.
In another 2.5km there is a steep climb to flat alpine meadows and the viewpoint for the Athabasca Glacier.
[3- Viewpoint of Columbia Icefield, Mt. Athabasca to left with Mt. Andromeda behind, the Athabasca Glacier in the middle and Mt. Kitchener and the Snow Dome on the right - from the Wilcox Pass Trail - click to enlarge]
Only a small portion of the Columbia Icefield is visible from the Icefield Parkway. The Athabasca Glacier is the most accessible and visible of the glaciers which flow from the Icefield, but there are numerous others. Over three hundred square kilometres in area, the depth of the icefield varies from 100 to 365 metres. The average annual snowfall on the upper reaches is seven metres.
From the viewpoint the trail moderates, opening out onto a ridge overlooking the Icefields Parkway and the Athabasca Glacier. The hiker can feast his/her eyes upon the massive ice-covered Mount Athabasca (3491m) (11454ft), Mount Andromeda (3450m) (11,319ft), the Snow Dome (3460m) (11,399ft) and Mount Kitchener (3511m) (11,500ft).
Mt Kitchener was named in 1916 after Horatio Herbert Kitchener (Viscount Kitchener), a British Field Marshall who organized the British armies at the beginning of WWI. He was lost when HMS Hampshire struck a mine in 1916.
[4 - Snow Dome and Mt. Kitchener from the Wilcox Pass trail - click to enlarge]
Norman Collie and Hermann Woolley completed the first ascent of Mount Athabasca on August 18, 1898. Collie described a vast icefield that stretched westward and surrounded by unknown peaks.
[5 - Snow Dome Glacier above Mt. Kitchener - click to enlarge]
The Snow Dome was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie . This dome-shaped mountain is covered by the Columbia Icefield. The water produced from this mountain flows into three oceans through the Saskatchewan and Nelson rivers to the Atlantic, though the Columbia to the Pacific, and through the Athabasca and Mackenzie Rivers to the Arctic.
[6 - View from Wilcox Pass trail toward Mt. Andromeda, the Athabasca Glacier and Mt. Kitchener on right - click to enlarge]
Past the viewpoint the trail climbs along the edge of a creek, then levels out across alpine tundra and heads northwest into the long U-shaped pass between Wilcox and Nigel peaks.
[7 - Looking back to Mt. Athabasca and Mt. Andromeda from the Wilcox Pass Trail - click to enlarge]
Here the wildflowers grow close to the ground.
[8 - Wilcox Pass trail - click to enlarge - Mt. Wilcox is above horizon of hill on left side]
At 4.0km is the summit of Wilcox Pass (2374m). Wilcox Pass and peak are named after Walter Wilcox, whose party first crossed the pass in 1896 on horseback. The pass became the usual route north as it avoided the Sunwapta Gorge and the Athabasca Glacier, which nearly blocked the valley below.
[9 - on Wilcox Pass trail - click to enlarge]
It is here and at the other end of the pass that the hiker will find Bighorn Sheep.
[10 - Rocky Mountain Bighorn Sheep at Wilcox Pass - click to enlarge]
[11 - Wilcox Pass trail with Rocky Mountain Sheep - click to enlarge]
Here the hiker can often find small herds of Rocky Mountain Sheep grazing.
[12 - Wilcox Pass - click to enlarge]
[13 - NW on Wilcox Pass trail with Mt. Wilcox in background - click to enlarge]
[14 - Wilcox Pass - click to enlarge]
[15 - Wilcox Pass - click to enlarge]
To continue on to Tangle Falls the route continues north across the pass to trail makers or cairns at the 7.1km mark, where there is a steep descent into the forest. Stick to the left side below Mount Wilcox. At about 8.6km, the trail crosses to the left of the creek where it becomes more defined. Here the slope goes from moderate to steep on the descent south of Tangle Creek.
At 11.2km is the Tangle Creek trailhead (1860m) with the Icefields Parkway 200m south of Tangle Falls and 10km north of the Wilcox Creek trailhead.
Otherwise, at the rock cairn the hiker can begin to backtrack the way they came to return to the Wilcox Creek Campground.
[16 - Wilcox Pass - click to enlarge]
[17 - Coming down from Wilcox Pass - click to enlarge]
[18 - Mt. Athabasca with glacier - click to enlarge]
[19 - On Wilcox Pass Trail looking toward the Athabasca Glacier]
[20 -Mt. Kitchener beneath the Snow Dome]
Photo Credits: [1]-jdww CC=nc-nd-flickr, [2]-karenwithak CC=nc-nd-flickr, [3][16]-richd777 CC=nc-sa-flickr, [4][6][7]-A tea but no e CC=flickr, [5][9][13]-Alaskan Dude CC=flickr,[8][19]-BinoCanada CC=nc-sa-flickr, [10][11][12][14][17]-Feffef CC=nc-sa-flickr, [15]-canoe too CC=nc-nd-flickr, [18]-gordmckenna CC=nc-nd-flickr, [20]-DavidQuick CC=nc-nd-flickr,
18 comments:
What a wonderful trail.
I love the little squirrel. It's so cute!
Ah to live in a country with mountains! That's What I call a previlege! I love mountains, so thank you for your photos!
With all the pics that Lana would have to take, that day hike would be at least a 2 dayer.
What a great post, just wish it was a bit nearer! I'm in England, but that's the sort of hike I would love. All looks very special. I'll no doubt get to Canada one day.
Leah, this is a trail that isn't complicated, just steep in places. Though one does have to watch out for bears due to the bighorn sheep in the pass.
Lauren, these squirrels become very climatized to humans quickly just for that reason of being so 'cute'.
Wil, what's lovely is there are the Rocky Mountains on the western end of the country and the Laurentians in the east.
Charles, a big draw would be all the different kinds of wildflowers that grow quickly in July. Everywhere one turns there is a fantastic view waiting to be photographed.
Mike Perry, welcome and stay awhile. There are many posts on different trails here to choose from. Sometimes virtual touring is the best way to get a taste of what might lay in wait on such a hike.
The snow-covered mountains were spectacular, and the chipmunk was just adorable.
Stunning photos Barbara. What a beautiful and majestic part of the world.
Kia ora Barbara,
It is the immense size of the country there that always makes me gasp. I love this tramp for the gradual( and no doubt grueling) climb from the lower forest to the high country and the stunning change of views and plant life. Now how can you not enjoy that?
Kia kaha.
Aroha,
Robb
Teresa, mountains and cute squirrels are one of my specialities.
Pam, just trying to lure you up here.
Robb, this is a well hiked trail that ParksCanada is trying to keep people on the paths to avoid damaging the plant life.
I never thought the area in Jasper and Banff was large in comparison to the rest of Canada, but you are quite correct to say this. Upon checking national park sizes: Jasper National Park is 4200 sq. miles, Banff National Park is 4402 sq. miles, and for comparison, Glacier National Park in Montana is 1600 sq. miles.
The Icefield Parkway is 230 km (143 miles) long: an excellent experience to drive upon to see the more rugged area of the Canadian Rockies.
One of these days you must come to have a tramp, even if it is of short duration.
I've spent so very little time in my life near mountains. Looking at these photos this morning, that fact makes me so sad!
the glacier pictures are incredible!
I'm with Lauren on this- all the pictures are great, but I love that little squirrel!
Richard, mountains seem to speak to me more loudly than do the prairies or the rugged coast in parts of Nova Scotia and Quebec.
The photos of the mist evaporating in mid-morning remind me of those chilly mornings when camping as a child with parents, and wondering who took the mountains away.
Perhaps you can take a trip and go to see them close at hand, or you can always visit here. I yearn for mountains, and find the photos and posts calm that ache for a time.
Barrie, snow and ice on mountains are a great draw, and provide a nice chill to the air when the wind blows over them.
Rick, squirrels are rather cute and appealing.
Such a vast landscape.The photos display well the immensity of it all.
What a beautiful landscape in the summer! I've been in the winter with my Yaktrax before, but it's amazing how much different the location looks with some sun!Great Joyous News
Expand Messages
- Last night, a long time Meditation Society of America
member, and a sometime poster here, had a 7 lb 15 oz baby
girl. Many of you know her as Eveneon (she's probably
America's leading artist using Neon as her medium).
I've posted a picture in our Photo section, and you will
notice that the baby's hand is making an "OK" mudra, so
we know all is, and will be well with this incarnation.
All our love and congratulations to Eve, John, and baby.
Peace and blessings,
Bob
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.Learn something new every day
More Info... by email.
There are many potential causes of this condition. It is sometimes caused by disease or the treatment of a disease. Other causes include injuries, burns, radiation, chemotherapy and gene mutation. Some types of this condition are idiopathic, which means that the causes are unknown..
One of our editors will review your suggestion and make changes if warranted. Note that depending on the number of suggestions we receive, this can take anywhere from a few hours to a few days. Thank you for helping to improve wiseGEEK! island of Mallorca is famed for its blissful climate and sweltering summers. While Mallorca weather is more variable than this reputation suggests, though travellers can always expect a suitably warm welcome.
Temperatures in Mallorca
Temperatures in Mallorca, also called Majorca, are at their highest between June and September. Over the summer and early autumn, the island can see highs of 30 degrees Celsius, with lows hovering around 20 to 22 degrees Celsius.
As the year ends, the weather becomes cooler and rainier. Mallorca typically experiences mild winters, and temperatures rarely dip into single figures until January or February. This means that travellers can still visit the beach and swim outdoors in October and November, but may need a light jacket or raincoat in the evenings.
Rain may persist as spring approaches, but the temperatures in Mallorca begin to soar again around this time. By April, the weather may start approaching 20 degrees Celsius, indicating the beginning of the holiday season.
When to visit Mallorca
Most travellers visit Mallorca when it is at its hottest in the late spring, summer or early autumn. The beckoning Mediterranean Sea is warmest in summer, so it is the ideal period to visit for people who love water sports and seaside relaxation.
Holidaymakers hoping to explore Mallorca’s mountainous attractions, like the Serra de Tramuntana, may prefer to visit when temperatures are cooler, at the beginning of the year. The more comfortable weather at this time makes hiking and mountain biking more pleasurable, and the emerging blossom offers picturesque views. All hikers and cyclists should remember, however, that the area has its own micro-climate and can be much wetter than the rest of Mallorca.Writing Home: Commentary
6. Brewster's Boosters
Although railroad companies poured more resources into publicity materials than any other entity, other boosters got into the act, too. Local businesses, for instance, supported chambers of commerce that conducted their own campaigns to draw attention, increase investment, and attract immigrants. At the height of the Klondike Gold Rush, to cite the best known Northwest example, Seattle grew considerably because a host of determined promoters identified the city to the rest of the country and the world as the gateway to Alaska and the Yukon. Similarly, territories and states created such agencies as immigration bureaus to promote growth on a broader scale. For example, Washington State sent members of its World’s Fair Commission to the World Columbian Exposition in Chicago in 1893. Their job was to trumpet the advantages of Washington “for immigration and capital.” The state’s representatives were accompanied by displays of agricultural produce, timber, minerals, and other tangible evidence of the economic opportunities that awaited that “tide of people that is turned toward Washington by this Exposition” (cited in Findlay 1991:63). The actual impact of booster materials proved difficult to measure, yet business-minded citizens in virtually every town and territory assumed that they needed to support promotional campaigns in order to achieve the growth they wanted and to compete effectively with rivals for investment and immigration. Their efforts produced an extraordinarily wide array of descriptive materials about virtually all parts of the Pacific Northwest.
Included here is an excerpt from a promotional campaign for the vicinity of Brewster, Washington, dating from around 1909. Brewster lies just north of the Columbia River in eastern Washington, near where both the Methow and Okanogan rivers empty into the Columbia. As fruit orchards began to prosper in areas to the south, around Wenatchee and Yakima, capitalists from the Brewster Commercial Club put out a pamphlet envisioning that the lands around their community would follow a similar path. The supposedly imminent arrival of two technologies—irrigation canals and railroads—appeared to have brought Brewster to the edge of greatness. Yet the fact that neither the canal nor the rail line had actually been completed meant, according to promoters, that those who bought land now would pay relatively low prices for lands sure to increase rapidly in value. Boosters appealed explicitly to both “Mr. Fruitgrower and [Mr.] Investor,” i.e. those wanting to farm the land and those wanting to speculate in it.
In a curious way, booster materials resembled utopian literature by portraying a more perfect world in the future. They both looked ahead to a time when fundamental problems had been overcome and when people lived more easily and prosperously than they did in the present (Hamer 1990:61-62). There were a couple of key differences, however. First, utopians generally hoped for thorough reforms in society or government, while boosters, who usually tended to be satisfied with extant economic and political systems, anticipated improvement for individuals, primarily. Second, boosters frequently identified things in the present that were already pretty ideal. In order to enlist immigrants and investors, publicists had not only to compare the present to the future but also to compare one place to another. To persuade people to come to their place, rather than go to some other well promoted spot, promoters spoke about the superiority of local features. Thus, on Brewster Flats the “soil and air drainage, so essential to the growing of high-classed fruit, is perfect,” and the water in the Methow River “is always pure and exhilarating and a boon to man, beast and soil alike.” Brewster’s boosters, like promoters everywhere, rendered every nearby feature, natural or man-made, in the most positive light.Just watched the vid of Adam Scott's winning putt. That attention wh*re Stevie Williams couldn't get himself into the picture fast enough, could he? Before anyone else could congratulate Adam, including Cabrera, there's Stevie.
Whatever happened to the days when caddies stood at the side of the green & in the background?While you don’t need fancy running shorts, a pair that doesn’t work can ruin your run. (Chafing is hard to ignore.) The best shorts should make you feel like you’re running in the buff—without having to worry about picking up a public-indecency charge.
We’ve been testing running shorts since October, and have used the ones below to train for, and run, multiple marathons and a 50-mile ultra. Here are seven standouts.
The North Face Better Than Naked Long Haul Shorts ($65)
Best for: Ultras, when you need real support
The Better Than Naked Long Haul Shorts were by far the most supportive of the bunch during long runs. And they have thigh-length compression liners with a stretchy ring at the base to prevent that support from riding up. Testers marveled at how much these shorts stopped thigh chafing on runs longer than an hour.
A two-inch-wide swath of stretchy, lightweight, hyperbreathable polyester in the middle of each leg—plus extra stretch in the rear—means these shorts never inhibited our testers’ range of motion. I loved the three easy-access stretch pockets—the perfect size for a GU—on the liner of the left leg, as well as the larger stow pocket on the right.
Patagonia Strider 7-inch Shorts ($49)
Best for: Uninhibited running
These shorts have a lightweight, minimalist design that’s just plain sexy. A three-inch swath of hyperstretchy mesh down the hips makes the Strider shorts move really well on runs of any length. A subtle split also contributed to making these one of the best-moving shorts on this list. The lightweight polyester exterior disappeared (in a good way) on long runs, and we found that the mesh helped these shorts breathe beautifully. While the Striders aren’t the most feature-rich pair in the group, they were a tester favorite because of their classic, streamlined style.
Helly Hansen Pace Training 9-inch Shorts ($55)
Best for: Speed work and shorter, high-intensity runs
Helly Hansen Pace’s mesh-brief liner wicked moisture more efficiently than all these other shorts. That feature, plus the mesh on the thigh, did make these the most comfortable, breathable pair on this list during our hottest runs. The lightweight, stretchy exterior offered ample dynamic movement for speed work and drills, and our testers grew to love how these shorts moved—as long as they weren’t run in for too long. Testers also discovered that, if they weren’t wearing underwear, the mesh would chafe really painfully on runs longer than 30 minutes.
Pearl Izumi Infinity LD Shorts ($55)
Best for: Bringing along the kitchen sink
These shorts offer more than quadruple the pocket space of most of the other shorts here. And, we’re glad to report, their pockets are well-designed. Each of the two zippered rear ones can handle four GUs—enough calories for an eight-hour run—and the two Velcro front pockets are perfect for storing the wrappers once you’ve downed the gels. The side pockets were easy to access, thanks to their dime-size Velcro tabs.
While the Infinity was the least stretchy pair of shorts we tested, the moderately wide fit on the legs, coupled with the slight split, made them move well and added to their overall comfort on long runs. Pearl Izumi claims that the Minerale material used for the liner dries 50 percent faster than other performance liners. While we couldn’t confirm this, testers loved how supple the liner felt—and they experienced less chafing than they did with most of the other pairs during runs lasting more than an hour.
Icebreaker Sonic 5-inch Shorts ($85)
Best for: Cool spring runs
We loved the idea of a 100 percent merino wool short—and found that the Sonic worked well in a broad variety of temperatures. The lightweight exterior was comfortable for run conditions ranging between 40 and 70 degrees. The stretchy liner offered ample, chafe-free support. Alas, the merino exterior chafed more than any of the shorts tested during runs longer than an hour. And the Sonic didn’t fit very well: testers noted that they had a tendency to bunch immediately and had to be messed with for the duration of the run.
That said, thanks to the high-end merino wool, these shorts dealt with funk better than any product on this list.
Dynafit React Shorts ($90)
Best for: Rugged mountain trails
The liner-free React comes with many subtle design details that aren’t immediately apparent, but that make these shorts pretty great. The React’s exterior is superdurable—it feels almost like a lightweight soft shell. Instead of sewing in an inner layer of mesh ventilation, Dynafit put holes directly in the material, which helps maintain the garment’s integrity while still allowing for enough ventilation during hot days and high-intensity workouts.Testers noticed how stretchy these shorts are, despite their rugged build, while their thick, stretchy, reinforced waistband offers a solid, athletic fit: the React didn’t slip on long runs, or during speed work.
Smartwool Men’s PhD Run Short ($75)
Best for: Lunchtime runs
The PhD Run shorts have a nice light polyester exterior with an athletic fit that’s not too short or aggressive. It also moves well and is very soft to the touch. But what we really loved about these shorts was their stretchy, form-fitting merino liner that blends premium merino, nylon, and elastane for results that are itch-free as well as stretchy and supportive. The liner was thick enough to take a bit of the sting out of early spring runs, and it mitigated odor well enough to last through a week’s worth of hourlong lunchtime runs before demanding a turn in the washing machine.
Akairos123/Eclipsion Blood Elves
< User:Akairos123
this wiki
The Eclipsion Blood Elves are elite regiment of Blood Elven Warriors that serve has the highest ranking Illidari Forces outside the Black Temple. The Illidari Blood Elves are deployed secondary in any large scale conflict or as a primary force in any conflict concerning the Sha'tar, Burning Legion, or other opposing forces of significant strength. The Eclipsion also have a subsection known as the Crimson Sigil who serve as the elite guard to the Black Temple.
CommandersEdit
Supreme Commander of the Eclipsion, directs their activities on and off the field. Heads the offices that do the paperwork as well.
Commander of Eclipse Point, excellent strategist that oversees plans from the base.
Field Commander of the Eclipsion Forces, receives orders from Supreme and Grand-Commanders.
Leader of the Crimson Sigil since the defeat of Torloth the Magnificent
Combat DivisionsEdit
The Eclipsion main forces are divided up into three divisions:
SpellbindersEdit
- Eclipsion Spellbinder: Magi specializing in blood and mental based magic, used to cripple moral of enemy forces and cause chaos in battle, turning friend into foe.
- Eclipsion Archmage: Powerful mages specializing in offensive spells and magical manipulation
- Eclipsion Warlock: Dark summoners that are used to mass deploy Illidari demons to battlefields. Can also wield blood magic efficiently.
Ground TroopsEdit
- Eclipsion Bloodwarder: Mid level paladins capable of decent light based abilities
- Eclipsion Blood Knight: High level paladins that can perform additional abilities.
- Eclipsion Shadowstalker: Blood elf rogues that serve as distractions and close quarters combatants.
- Eclipsion Dragontamer:
- Eclipsion Centurion: Low level spellbreakers.
- Eclipsion Soldier: standard footsoldiers.
CavalryEdit
- Eclipsion Cavalier: standard mounted units
the Eclipsion then subdivides in the Bloodwardens; Bloodwardens are the elite guard within the Eclipsion, oftentimes serving as the advance guard to an assault or deployed to fight with the Grand Blood-Lord as his guards and personal soldiers. To become a bloodwarden you must survive through 25 missions in the Eclipsion and pass a difficult test of initiation,
- Bloodwarden Steward: Temple guards that serve as enforcers within the temple.
- Bloodwarden Centurion: Midlevel spellbreakers that can perform devastating arcane melee assaults.
- Bloodwarden Lightbender: Battle-priests trained by Mistress Alessandra, capable of great healing spells and defensive spells, the only menders in the Illidari able to perform reflective shields.
- Bloodwarden Vindicator: Powerful warriors that move quickly amongst a battlefield
- Bloodwarden Duskweilder: High level battle priests that can perform powerful shadow magics; often used as mindbreakers and torturers.
Chain of CommandEdit
* Grand Blood-Lord * Grand Commander * Commander * Field Commander * Bloodwarden General * Bloodwarden Steward * Bloodwarden Centurion * Bloodwarden Lightbender * Bloodwarden Vindicator * Bloodwarden Duskwielder * Eclipsion Colonel * Eclipsion Warbringer * Eclipsion Major * Eclipsion Magewarden * Eclipsion Battlemage * Eclipsion Mageguard * Eclipsion Spellbinder * Eclipsion Archmage * Eclipsion Bloodmage * Eclipsion Warlock * Eclipsion Demonologist * Eclipsion Marshal * Eclipsion Bloodwarder * Eclipsion Blood Knight * Eclipsion Centurion * Eclipsion Dragontamer * Eclipsion Shadowstalker * Eclipsion Cavalier * Eclipsion SoldierRental property in Kansas City is changing…economics wise. Let me tell you what I’m seeing from three different prospectives.
TENANT PROSPECTIVE
On the Kansas side if you are a tenant you have choices but you also have to act quickly. In Johnson County we, as property managers, cannot rent houses fast enough. I would LOVE to have more 3-4 bedroom, 2 bath homes for rent. Rents are up and competition is up which means a lot of frustrated renters.
On the Missouri side we are seeing rental inventories rise. Therefore you have a little more time to make a decision on your next home and rents are beginning to hold steady. No more inflation on rental prices do I see in the near future.
OWNER/MANAGER PROSPECTIVE
Tenant selection for the last couple years has been easier than in previous years. You have multiple candidates and even though credit history may have been bad you had recovering income. Managing houses in the lower price range ($0-$700/mo) remains the biggest challenge because of the tenants that inhabit that space. The medium range rents ($700 – $1,000) have been performing very well and the quality of tenants has been way up. The high range rents ($1,000 and up) have also done remarkably well in this economy.
But watch your maintenance. Don’t create a deferred maintenance situation you will later regret.
BUYER OF RENTAL PROPERTY
Quit arguing with your realtor and keep a cool head. I am noticing two kinds of investment property buyers right now and they are both driving me a little crazy. :)
- Buyer that won’t listen to the current market realities. Investment property for rental purposes is hot right now. Returns are down as prices are up. You simply cannot offer 10-15% below market value and hope to buy the property. This started 6 months ago and I don’t see it slowing yet.
- Buyer that doesn’t watch the numbers. Usually a new real estate investor, this buyer wants to win the house to get started. They think they are shaving their margins just a little but little do they know they are probably shaving any chance of making money in the property…ever. Rental properties cost money on an ongoing basis. You need to make sure the property is paying for itself instead of you constantly having to feed the beast that was supposed to feed you.
Just a few of my thoughts for now.No discussion of the relative aesthetic merits of various ships is complete without mention of certain names, particularly some of the nightboats which frequented North American waters during the early years of this century. Included would surely be CITY OF DETROIT III, CITY OF CLEVELAND III and SEEANDBEE and, from salt water, the famous Fall River steamers PLYMOUTH, PROVIDENCE, PRISCILLA and COMMONWEALTH and the Los Angeles Steamship Company's beautiful propellors HARVARD and YALE. But another ship is usually included in this exalted group, a ship which, although not nearly as large as the most famous of the nightboats, may well rank as one of the most handsome steamers of her type ever built. She was Lake Ontario's own KINGSTON, a paddler that served our area for nearly half a century.
The passenger trade between Toronto and Montreal, the two largest cities of the Dominion of Canada, was perhaps the first major domestic route on the Great Lakes. Down through the years, the Montreal-Toronto trade catered to vacationers and business travellers alike and the route prospered, although steamers running between the two cities had either to run or bypass the rapids of the St. Lawrence River. It was a fact of life that only small steamers could transit the old St. Lawrence canals and such transits were often lengthy when the locks were jammed with traffic. The way around such problems was to operate one set of vessels from Toronto to the head of the canals and another set of ships down the rapids to Montreal and back up through the canals.
By the latter part of the nineteenth century, the Richelieu and Ontario Navigation Company Ltd., which had come to be the major operator of passenger vessels in the Lake Ontario and St. Lawrence River areas, had gained supremacy and, in fact, a virtual monopoly on the Toronto-Montreal route. By changing from ship to ship within the R & O fleet, a traveller from Ontario could make his way by boat all the way to Quebec City and, via the Niagara Navigation Company Ltd. (later acquired by R & O), the chain was extended so that connections through to salt water could be made from Niagara and from the Buffalo area. This connecting service prompted the Richelieu and Ontario to use as its motto the catch-phrase "Niagara to the Sea".
The boats operated by the R & O on the Toronto to Prescott service, the upper half of the run to Montreal, were by the end of the nineteenth century in need of replacement and so in the closing years of the century, R & O retained the services of one Arendt Angstrom to design for the company first one and then a second new overnight steamer, Angstrom later became the chief naval architect for the Canadian Shipbuilding Company Ltd. and was eventually destined to become general manager of that firm. Angstrom was a most competent marine architect, his work showing signs of the influence of the great Frank E. Kirby.
By this time, the nightboat was becoming a hybrid beast. Day steamers and excursion boats didn't change all that much in those years but the nightboat was the cream of all passenger vessels. It was the nightboat that whisked businessmen and vacationers alike to their destinations while they slept and the boats were built not only for speed and comfort but also, as the years passed, to show the flag for their owners. As a result, they became more fancy and luxurious, the steamers growing larger and their interiors becoming less and less those of steamboats and more and more those of classical buildings. Some of these palace steamers were successful while others were something less than successful in design, their cost outweighing their usefulness and their interior design being so heavy and pretentious as to be almost grotesque.
The first of Angstrom's boats for the R & O was built in 1899 by the Bertram Engine Works at Toronto and was christened in honour of the city in which she was built. TORONTO was an instant success and outshone any other steamer then operating on Lake Ontario. As a result, when R & O wanted a second vessel to serve as a running-mate for TORONTO on the Toronto to Prescott overnight service, the firm had no hesitation in seeking the services of Mr. Angstrom to produce an even better boat than the 269-foot TORONTO.
The new steamer, like TORONTO, was a steel-hulled sidewheeler and was built by the Bertram Engine Works at Toronto as the company's Hull 37. She was 288.0 feet in length, 36.2 feet in the beam (65.0 feet over the guards) and 13.3 feet in depth. Her Gross Tonnage was 2925 and her Net was 1909. The new steamer's registry was opened at Toronto and she was given official number C.111654. She was named KINGSTON in honour of the eastern Lake Ontario port.
Stern views seldom appear in these pages but this classic photo by the late Rowley W. Murphy illustrates the graceful lines of KINGSTON as she leaves Toronto Harbour by the EAstern Gap late in her career.
KINGSTON was powered by a direct-acting, inclined, triple-expansion engine which had cylinders of 28, 44 and 74 inches and a stroke of 72 inches. Steam was supplied by four coal-fired Scotch marine boilers measuring 11 by 11 1/2 feet, the boilers and engine having been built for the ship by Bertram's. The machinery produced 461 Nominal Horsepower and drove the two relatively small feathering sidewheels which were housed in well-decorated but rather unobtrusive paddleboxes which rose just above the level of the cabin deck.
Angstrom gave KINGSTON a superlative interior decor. Her staterooms, accommodating 365 passengers, were located on the upper two decks and the bulkheads were covered with beautifully-carved designs. The cabin was divided into two sections by the funnel casing, the forward and main saloons both being galleried structures. The forward saloon, the smaller of the two, was given an intricately carved ceiling, the centre part of which was a glass skylight which flooded the area with daylight. The bulkhead of the funnel casing displayed a typical classical mural and the surprisingly plain stairway was set off by a selection of potted ferns. The railing around the well in the upper deck was a masterpiece of Victorian elegance.
The main saloon was the pride of the ship and featured a staircase of Corinthian inspiration. The ceiling contained a centre panel dominated by hexagonal and triangular designs and light was admitted to the cabin by a clerestory running the entire length of the saloon as well as the area occupied amidships by the boiler uptakes. The main companionway led down to another which took passengers to the main deck.
Just as Frank E. Kirby's masterpieces of marine architecture (such as CITY OF DETROIT III) were dominated by their superb pilothouses, so did Arendt Angstrom have a hand for designing this feature of a steamboat. Both TORONTO and KINGSTON had extremely fine pilothouses, not cluttered by a sunvisor, and featuring a protruding roof-edge and four-sectioned windows which dropped to provide ventilation. As was typical of steamboats of the day, both ships carried across the front of the pilothouse a finely-lettered nameboard which, unfortunately, was frequently obscured from view by the large canvas dodger which could be stretched on the bridge deck rail.
KINGSTON entered service with an all-white hull and white cabins, her two well-proportioned but barely raked stacks bearing the usual Richelieu and Ontario colours of red with a black smokeband. Although she was to lose them in later years, she originally sported gold-leaf dragons of quite ferocious appearance on her trailboards. As built, KINGSTON carried only one mast which sprouted from the texas cabin immediately aft of the pilothouse but after she was in service for a short period of time, she was given a rather flimsy mainmast located just abaft the paddleboxes. The after mast was added incompliance with government regulations requiring the carriage of a stern running light. The foremast was originally fitted with a prominent gaff.
KINGSTON, of course, differed from TORONTO in that she was somewhat longer, a difference in size which was certainly noticeable, but she differed in certain other basic ways as well. The most obvious, perhaps, lay in the fact that KINGSTON was given two stacks while TORONTO carried only one. KINGSTON carried on the bow, just ahead of the cabin structure, two rather prominent ventilators with cowls, a feature that TORONTO lacked entirely. And KINGSTON was built with her dining saloon forward on the main deck, its location indicated by a long row of large windows. TORONTO, on the other hand, was built with her dining saloon in an unusual location forward on the upper cabin deck, an arrangement that was obviously less than satisfactory as the facility was soon moved down to the main deck forward.
KINGSTON joined TORONTO on the Toronto-Prescott overnight run and was an even greater success than the earlier ship. The vessels sailed from Toronto on alternate days during the summer months (the service was rather less frequent during the off-season), departing from their home port at about 2:30 p.m. Stops were scheduled at Charlotte, Kingston, Alexandria Bay and Brockville with the arrival at Prescott timed so that those wishing to proceed to Montreal could transfer to the dayboats operating on the rapids for the scenic run down to Montreal.
KINGSTON operated dependably and very seldom made the news, this being the result of the fact that she got herself into very few scrapes during her lifetime. The most notable feature of her operation was her regularity and the unspectacular nature of her service. But in 1908 she did make the news when she was in collision with the small American steamer TITANIA off Charlotte harbour at about 10:00 p.m. on August 11th. Both vessels were attempting to enter the piers and neither signalled nor gave way to the other. The U.S. Steamboat Inspection Service later held an enquiry at Buffalo and both ships were held to be at fault for proceeding at speeds unsuitable for harbour waters and for not signalling to each other. TITANIA's master lost his license over the affair but the court, having no jurisdiction in Canada, could not touch the ticket of KINGSTON's master.
The "teens" saw KINGSTON under the command of Capt. E. A. Booth who sailed the ship for many years. It was with Capt. Booth on the bridge that the boat went through the only change of ownership that she was ever to see, that occurring in 1913. But 1913 was also a notable year for KINGSTON for another reason. The R & O, through an American subsidiary, the Richelieu and Ontario Navigation Company of the United States, was operating its steamer ROCHESTER on Lake Ontario from Toronto to the American side and it was believed that it was no longer necessary for KINGSTON and TORONTO to make the Charlotte call. Accordingly, the Toronto sailing was rescheduled for 6:00 p.m., it being thought that such a departure time would be more suitable for passengers arriving by train. By the following year, however, ROCHESTER was gone from the Toronto-Rochester route and TORONTO and KINGSTON resumed their Charlotte calls, their Toronto departure being scheduled again for mid-afternoon.
The year 1913 brought the formation of Canada Steamship Lines Ltd. of Montreal, the R & O being the major firm participating in the mergers which led to the birth of what was first called the Canada Transportation Company Ltd. but was soon rechristened as Canada Steamship Lines Ltd. TORONTO and KINGSTON were placed in what was known as the Western Division of C.S.L.'s passenger operations and in due course were given the familiar red, white and black stack colours. In latter years under R & O ownership, the boats had been given black hulls and under C.S.L. management they carried at various times black, white and green hulls.
During the spring of 1916, TORONTO was drydocked at Kingston and refurbished, and when she emerged she sported a wireless antenna strung between her masts, a feature that was soon added to KINGSTON as well. KINGSTON'S wireless call sign was VGMD, her wireless equipment being carried in a small cabin aft of the second funnel. It was thought that the wireless would allow passengers to keep up to date on news stories of the day, especially those concerning the progress of the war in Europe. As well, each boat received "moving picture apparatus for the amusement and instruction of passengers".
By 1920, Capt. Booth had moved over to TORONTO and KINGSTON was commanded by Capt. A. E. Stinson. The twenties were good years for the boats and they continued to operate a daily service during the summer months, the frequency being cut back to thrice-weekly during the off-season. They were able to maintain this service right through the Great Depression as well, their route not being affected by the poor business conditions to the point where a reduction in frequency of sailings would have been necessary.
It was as things were improving again after the Depression that KINGSTON was involved in one of her few serious accidents. The year was 1936 and the ship was approaching the dock at Brockville one day when she suffered a mechanical failure. The engine failed to reverse and KINGSTON struck the dock hard. As she glanced along the wharf, she canted over to starboard and her port wheel literally "walked" along the dock until her bow struck the shore. Needless to say, rather severe damage was occasioned to both the wharf and the ship but repairs to both were put in hand.
Strangely enough, the end of the Depression also meant the end for TORONTO, although business conditions had nothing to do with her demise. As a result of the disastrous fire which in September 1934 destroyed the Ward Line coastal steamer MORRO CASTLE with substantial loss of life, the U.S. government in 1938 instituted regulations which, amongst other requirements, prohibited the operation in U.S. waters of passenger steamboats having a wooden main deck. Unfortunately, TORONTO was so afflicted although KINGSTON had a steel main deck, and since the vessels' route took them to two American ports, TORONTO could not continue. She was laid up in the Turning Basin at Toronto and in due course was given a coat of grey paint to help preserve her woodwork against the day when she might once more be used by the company on some other route. That day, however, never came and on June 14, 1947, TORONTO was towed to Hamilton by the tug HELENA, the veteran paddler having been sold to the Steel Company of Canada Ltd. for scrapping. After the retirement of her running-mate, KINGSTON carried on the Toronto-Prescott route alone.
Another serious accident involving KINGSTON occurred on June 17, 1941 when she grounded on a shoal in the St. Lawrence. The Pyke Salvage Company sent its tugs SALVAGE PRINCE and SALVAGE QUEEN to her aid and KINGSTON, after a week on the shoal, was freed with the assistance of pontoons. Shortly after the steamer had floated free but before she could be moved from the scene, she was a victim of a thunderstorm in which lightning struck her foremast. Whether the lightning decapitated the mast or whether its top was lopped off by repairmen afterwards we are not certain, but the mast was considerably shorter when the steamer re-entered service. It is said that KINGSTON'S longtime master, Capt. Benson A. Bongard, was so shaken by the accident that the company had to bring Capt. H. W. Webster of the CAYUGA to the scene to replace Capt. Bongard for the trip to the Kingston drydock. Capt. Webster would eventually replace Capt. Bongard on a permanent basis and, in fact, he was destined to be KINGSTON's last master.
KINGSTON carried on by herself through the war years and, in fact, all the way to the end of the decade. She was getting on in years but the service was popular and it looked as if the paddler would keep going for a good many more years. In fact, her engine was rebuilt in 1948, hardly the sort of work likely to be done by an owner considering the retirement of a vessel. But as KINGSTON's 1949 season was drawing to a close, there occurred an event which was to prove to be the undoing of the veteran steamer.
During the early morning hours of Saturday, September 17, 1949, the C.S.L. upper lake passenger and package freight steamer NORONIC was lying on the west side of Toronto's Yonge Street passenger terminal, the ship being on a post-season cruise with a large complement of Americans on board. Fire broke out on the ship and by morning, NORONIC was a sunken, burned-out wreck, the lives of many of her passengers having been snuffed out during the holocaust. At 2:40 p.m. that afternoon, KINGSTON sailed from Toronto on her last scheduled run of the season, a trip that was to prove to be her very last.
This may well be the last photo taken of KINGSTON while in operation From the camera of J. H. Bascom, it shows her leaving Toronto on her lat trip, September 17, 1949.
KINGSTON, once her final round trip had been completed, went to the shipyard at Kingston where she was scheduled to undergo considerable maintenance work during the winter. In fact, much work was actually done on her but before it could be finished, the Canadian government in January 1950 dropped a bombshell in the form of comprehensive and stringent new fire regulations which were a direct result of the NORONIC disaster. In order to bring KINGSTON into compliance with the new requirements, C.S.L. would have had to spend approximately $600,000 to install fire alarms, sprinkler systems and additional bulkheads. As might have been expected, the company was unwilling to expend so great a sum on a boat of KINGSTON's age and accordingly it was immediately announced that the Toronto-Montreal passenger service would not be operated in 1950, the KINGSTON being retired from her Toronto-Prescott run and RAPIDS PRINCE from her connecting service between Prescott and Montreal.
As it was obvious that KINGSTON would never operate again, C.S.L. wasted no time in disposing of the steamer. During the spring, she was towed to Hamilton and there the wreckers began to rip into her beautiful woodwork. By early summer, there was not much left except the hull and the funnel casing at the top of which forlornly perched her two stacks. The hull was then towed around to the yard of the Steel Company of Canada Ltd. where it was cut up.
KINGSTON lasted a good deal longer than most of the famous nightboats and, had it not been for the events of that fateful September 17th, the chances were very good that she would have operated yet a few years more. Nevertheless, KINGSTON had gained a place in the hearts of the Lake Ontario travelling public and will long be remembered by local residents as well as by the marine historians who so admired her grace and elegance.
KINGSTON may have left another legacy too, but one that is not recognized as such by the many people who come in contact with it. It is said that Thousand Island salad dressing was invented in the galley of KINGSTON by a steward who had run out of other dressing and who was faced by a dining saloon full of hungry travellers. This may or may not have been the case, but either way, KINGSTON was worthy of recognition and deserved to be remembered for many, many years.
Return to Home Port or Toronto Marine Historical Society's Scanner
Reproduced for the Web with the permission of the Toronto Marine Historical Society.The Paul Pressler's Taxi Toon Skid attraction during repairs
The Paul Pressler's Taxi Toon Skid line is like a jaunt through a real-life Toontown. The attraction taxis are designed to look like Baby the Cab, and when you drive you can skid them by licking the headlights.
We suggest you don't try Princess Mode
A Pants Aflame productionNew research finds that the brains of infants as young as 7 months old demonstrate a sensitivity to the human voice and to emotions communicated through the voice that is remarkably similar to what is observed in the brains of adults. The study, published by Cell Press in the March 25 issue of the journal Neuron, probes the origins of voice processing in the human brain and may provide important insight into neurodevelopmental disorders such as autism.
Dr. Tobias Grossmann from the Centre for Brain and Cognitive Development at the University of London led the study which was performed in Dr. Angela D. Friederici's laboratory at the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences in Germany. The researchers used near-infrared spectroscopy to investigate when during development regions in temporal cortex become specifically sensitive to the human voice. These specific cortical regions have been shown to play a key role in processing spoken language in adults. Grossmann and colleagues observed that 7-month-olds but not 4-month-olds showed adult-like increased responses in the temporal cortex in response to the human voice when compared to nonvocal sounds, suggesting that voice sensitivity emerges between 4 and 7 months of age.."
Explore further:
Researchers show that mental 'map' and 'compass' are two separate systems
More information: Friederici et al.: “Report: The Developmental Origins of Voice Processing in the Human Brain.” Publishing in Neuron 65, 852-858, March 25, 2010. DOI:10.1016/j.neuron.2010.03.001
Please sign in to add a comment. Registration is free, and takes less than a minute. Read moreClick here to reset your password.
Sign in to get notified via email when new comments are made.The Mentalist Series 5 - 8. Red Sails in the Sunset Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr Pinterest Blogger Reddit VKontakt Print Email Radio Times Review by: David Butcher A stand-alone, free-wheeling gift of an episode this week, with no murder to solve, no procedural and very little of the CBI team other than Lisbon. The story revolves around the relationship between Patrick Jane and Lorelei Martins, the comely aide of demonic serial killer Red John. But she’s still in prison, you cry. Ah yes, but Jane has a plan to break her out, with the help of his old friend, cult leader Brett Stiles. As Stiles, Malcolm McDowell only has about four lines to say, so he makes the most of them, before we’re swept into a kind of road movie storyline that by the end has taken us, perhaps, a big step closer to uncovering who Red John might be. About this programme 8/22. With the help of cult leader Bret Stiles (recurring guest star Malcolm McDowell), Patrick orchestrates an elaborate plan to break Lorelei Martins out of prison - making it look as if she kidnapped him before going on the run. While Lisbon and Homeland Security agent Robert Kirkland attempt to rescue Patrick, he tries to earn Lorelei's trust so that he can finally catch serial killer Red John. Starring Simon Baker, who also directs this episode. Cast and crew Cast Patrick Jane Simon Baker Teresa Lisbon Robin Tunney Wayne Rigsby Owain Yeoman Grace Van Pelt Amanda Righetti Kimball Cho Tim Kang Lorelei Martins Emmanuelle Chriqui Bret Stiles Malcolm McDowell Dana Martins Gigi Rice Robert Kirkland Kevin Corrigan Scott Connors Gabriel Porchetto Jr Crew Director Simon Baker Executive Producer Bruno Heller Categories Drama Like this? Share it. Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr Pinterest Blogger Reddit VKontakt Print EmailAdded to My List as a guest*.
*Your guest list will be temporarily saved until you end this browser session.
World Organic Cal-Mag Zinc Liquid Supplement -- 16 fl oz
Oops! Something went wrong and we were unable to process your request. Please try again..
Vitacost price: $8.19
Vitacost price: $19.99
Vitacost price: $19.99
Vitacost price: $19.99Retailers Text to Reach Young Customers8/1/2012 1:57PM
Teens don't email. So some fashion brands are using text messaging as a faster, surer way to teens' hearts and wallets. Brands like Vans and Charlotte Russe are finding that teens respond to marketing texts with alacrity and with far higher response rates than other methods, as Christina Binkley explains on Lunch Break. Photo: Misty Keasler for The Wall Street Journal.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
... I ... me the ... team's enticing them with ... coupons and deals but ... when a mom and dad need to know about all this Chris Binkley is can explain she is ... right here on Lunch Break high Chris so ... sixteen is this because and most of the other teams and I know they don't care bout you know young people they bait and texting is the way they communicate is that what these returns are going after them there ... that is exactly why it has been one of the early retailers to get into this charlatan race of the fashion brand for teens and twenty somethings ... couple years ago noticed that ... the kids that they were wanting a market to work on e mail at all that they were standing in their stores texting back and forth one in the dressing room in one out ... so they started a whole texting program based on this and the things that notices seventy seven like an announcement about you know by X amount maybe get a free pair of sunglasses and so with that they ... would be on that right they send videos even which the good news is I guess when you tax it doesn't count for a data plan ... that's right that ... that is absolute the next frontier of texting or you can text videos and photos now ... so let's do that with photos of our family is that marketers are using that to to really reach out to customers ... is that quite um quite humorous and fun video that Sherlund respects it's it's it's teen girls last year for back to school promotion to have that very handsome young man has been very Cretaceous ... as the operas of a five dollar up on ... Bloomingdales bans this on the other stores and brands trying this ... out with ... the click through rate in just a minute then texts are being E-mail the irony being a halving in terms of return ... a huge they have almost a one hundred percent read ... of the text e mail and text better sense ... of ... the e mails are being read or under ten percent so it so that the matter the difference between reading your marketing message through via text ... or e mailApparently even billions of dollars in loan guarantees from the federal government are not enough to help the nuclear industry overcome the financial risks of building new reactors.
On Friday, Constellation Energy announced that it was withdrawing from a proposal to build a new reactor at its Calvert Cliffs plant in Maryland -- despite the fact that the Obama administration had awarded the project $7.5 billion in taxpayer-backed loan guarantees.
The Baltimore-based company said it informed the U.S. Department of Energy that it couldn't move forward with the loan guarantee process "because the proposed terms and conditions are unworkable." It called the cost of the loan guarantee as calculated by the White House Office of Management and Budget "unreasonably burdensome" and said it "would create unacceptable risks and costs for our company."
"We are deeply disappointed that the loan guarantee process did not play out as we had hoped," Constellation said.
A senior Obama administration official told the Washington Post that while they wanted to see the nuclear industry "go forward," they also have "a duty to protect the taxpayers' money":
Sources familiar with the negotiations over the loan guarantee say that [OMB] initially calculated that the credit subsidy for Calvert Cliffs was nearly 12 percent, requiring Constellation to put up $880 million. OMB later said that the Constellation venture could lower the subsidy rate to around 5 percent by agreeing to self-insure the project, buy up to 75 percent of the reactor's power and put up an additional $300 million.
Constellation and the French company Électricité de France are partners in UniStar, the joint venture behind the Calvert Cliffs project. UniStar has not withdrawn the loan guarantee application; Constellation said the matter would have to be taken up by UniStar's board of directors.
This means that the only nuclear project that's moving ahead with federal loan guarantees at the moment is Southern Company's Georgia Power subsidiary's initiative to build two new reactors at Plant Vogtle near Waynesboro, Ga.
But that project is receiving other assistance that was not available to the Calvert Cliffs project: Construction Work in Progress financing, or CWIP. This is a scheme that allows Southern Company/Georgia Power to begin charging ratepayers for the reactors even before they're built. Maryland law does not allow CWIP.
Last year, Georgia Power wielded its considerable political clout to get the state legislature to approve CWIP, though as part of that deal large industrial users were exempted from those rate increases. At the time CWIP was under consideration, residential ratepayers were told that they would pay an extra $1.30 per month starting in 2011. But last month, the investor-owned company filed plans with the state Public Service Commission that would more than double the initial fee to $3.73. That fee would climb to $9 over the next four years.
Those increases come on top of a requested basic rate increase that's expected to add $18 per month to the typical household power bill. At the same time, Georgia Power is proposing a new arrangement in which two-thirds of its annual losses could be offset by imposing higher rates on customers -- without having to file a formal rate case with the PSC.
"It's clearly an attempt to shift the financial burden from shareholders to ratepayers," says Angela Speir Phelps, executive director of the consumer advocacy group Georgia Watch and a former PSC member. "It's an unprecedented move and would eliminate an established review process for rate increases."
Meanwhile, astroturf groups representing the interests of Southern Company and Georgia Power are fighting federal coal ash regulations by arguing that they would lead to burdensome rate hikes -- though a federal analysis has found that even the strictest version of the regulations would raised the average monthly home power bill in Georgia by only 1.16 percent, or about $1.24.
(Photo of Southern Company/Georgia Power's Plant Vogtle from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission's website.)Picture the scene: you’re showing off your brand-new telly, all 47in of it. And while you admire its Full HD glory, one of your friends pipes up and says, “yeah, that’s all well and good, but the stand's a bit standard.”
No, we don’t think that would happen either but LG has just shown off a TV that has some serious bling factor.
The stand is grand
At a trade show in Korea, LG showed off the latest addition to its 47LB90FD series of TVs, a Swarovski crystal base made out of 1,000 – we think it’s a thousand but it’s hard to count on a picture – crystals.
And if that doesn’t dazzle you, then the fact that the TV also has 50,000:1 dynamic contrast and Full HD capabilities should. Nice.
If you’re thinking of shelling out on this ‘crystal-clear’ display, then expect to pay 3300000Won (£1,600). Or you could just by a load of imitation crystals and chav your LG out yourself.1) Field of the Invention
The invention herein relates to an improved anti-explosion steam vacuum cleaner heating structure, more especially an improved heating structure for the vacuum to provide the function of dirt removal and sterilization, mainly comprises of a water chamber and a tubular heat converter to directly heat the transferred clear water pressurized by a water pump to form the steam to be discharged through the discharge port via the free end of the conduit, thus to synchronously control the volume of the steam according to the volume of the water current and to avoid the danger of explosion caused by the inner air pressure.
2) Description of the Prior Art
With the main objective of providing multi-functions even including disinfection and grease removal, the conventional vacuum cleaner mainly comprises a vacuum for drawing dust and an internal heating means for heating the cleaning water. The conventional heating means usually utilizes an electric resistance heating means to directly increase the temperature of the whole body of water inside the vacuum cleaner. When the whole body of water or the surface of the water reaches the critical point of evaporation, the steam will be discharged to the outside. However, under normal temperatures, it takes a long time to heat the whole body of water inside the water chamber then to convert it into the steam. Furthermore, the forming of the steam will also increase the inner pressure in the water chamber at the same time and the steam will be selectively discharged by the control valve. Therefore, during the process, the pressure formed inside the water chamber might cause the danger of explosion due to unstable power current or failure of the worn material of the water chamber to bear the high steam pressure.
Therefore, the inventor of the invention herein, based on the experience accumulated from the engagement in years in professional research, manufacture and the experience of marketing promotion, addressed the said shortcomings of the conventional steam vacuum cleaner through continuous experimental production and trail, culminated in the development of the improved anti-explosion steam vacuum cleaner heating structure of the invention herein.
Specially, the invention herein utilizes a tubular heat converter, through a water pump supplying a proper amount of water, to directly heat the water to form steam with an outward free end allowing the formed steam to be completely discharged to the outside of the body portion. During the process of evaporation, the water pump supplies a proper amount of water and selectively transfers a certain amount of water into the heat converter. Therefore, the heating structure of the invention herein will not cause the danger of increasing the inner pressure of the water chamber, but will produce the high volume of steam immediately.
To enable a further understanding of the said objectives, the technological methods and the efficiency of the invention herein, the brief description of the drawings below is followed by detailed description of the preferred embodiments.
FIG. 1 is an isometric external drawing of the invention herein.
FIG. 2 is a lateral cutaway drawing of the structure of the invention herein.
FIG. 3 is a pictorial isometric drawing of a single heat converter of the invention herein.
FIG. 4 is an isometric drawing of the basic structure of the heating means of the invention herein.
FIG. 5 is a drawing of the distal end view of the heat converter of the invention herein.
FIG. 6 is another drawing of the preferred embodiment of the invention herein.
Referring to FIG. 1, the invention herein relates to an improved anti-explosion steam vacuum cleaner having structure, basically comprises a body portion (1) with a dust collecting chamber (12) mounted forward on the body portion (1) and a lifting handle (11) located at the rear end of the body portion (1), an on/off switch (22) for vacuuming mode and a steam activating switch (34) are positioned adjacent the lifting handle (11). A water chamber (13) with a water inlet (131) for receiving the water is disposed on the rear lateral side of the body portion (1), a vacuum pump (2) is located relative to the rear end of the dust collecting chamber (12), and an air pressure relief hole (15) is mounted relative to the vacuum pump (2) and the housing.
Referring to FIG. 2, the detachable dust collecting chamber (12) mounted forward on the body portion (1) has a cover panel (16) and air ports (17) located at the end of the dust collecting chamber (12) relative to the vacuum pump (2). A suction port (14) is located at the front distal end of the body portion (1) for drawing the dust. A filter bag (121) can filter the air and conduct the pressure of the vacuum pump (2). A water chamber (13) is disposed on the rear lateral side of the body portion (1) for receiving cleaning water through the water inlet (131) and a water pump (31) is located between the water chamber (13) and the tubular heat converter (3). The electric control of the water pump (31) and the converter (3) is synchronously controlled by the steam activating switch (34). Of course, under a cold starting, the foregoing controlling process can be achieved by other selective ways to make a single preheat for the converter depending on the power ratio of the converter or the efficiency of the heating energy. However, the preheat method relates to the general circuit compositions which will not be discussed here. A steam conduit (32) conducts the steam to the steam discharge port (33) located at the front distal end of the body portion (1). Therefore, when the user wants access to the steam for cleaning the grease or sterilization, the switch (34) will transmit the power to the water pump (31) and the converter (3) to access the water from the water chamber (13) and allocate the water to the inside of the converter (3) for heating. The steam formed after the heating will be discharged through the steam discharge port (33) via the conduit (32). Therefore, the selection of the steam volume is depending on the water volume pumped by the water pump (31), to put in another way, the controlled water current through the water pump (31) decides how much volume of steam will be discharged. The water pump (31) transfers the water to the inside of the converter (3) to gain the heat directly to evaporate and form the steam which will be conducted out via the conduit (32). The heat converter (3) with high power ratio can instantly heat and convert the clear water into steam. Therefore, in terms of the integral heating structure, the invention herein will not cause the danger of air explosion inside the water chamber as the conventional structure will, since the latter directly heats the water body in the water chamber as a whole.
Referring to FIGS. 3 and 4, the tubular heat converter (3) of the invention herein comprises a U-shaped heating pipe (35) adjacent to flow tube (36), which may be covered by the cast body (30), as shown in FIG. 3 to form a convert module. Terminals (351) located on the front and the rear ends of the U-shaped heating pipe (35) for connecting to a power source. Referring to the water pump (31) shown in FIG. 2, the flow tube (36) conducts the water through the water entry port (360) and the steam will be discharged through the connector (361) when the water flows through the flow tube (36). Referring to FIG. 2, the connector (361) is connected to the steam conduit (32) for direct delivery of the steam. Referring to FIG. 5 of the drawing of the distal end view of the structure after being covered by the cast body (30), the flow tube (36) is mounted upwardly of the U-shaped heating pipe (35). The outer shape of the cast body (30) is formed by pressing the cast, according to the proximal configuration of the opposed positions of the heating means and the flow tube, to form a single converter and to dispose the flow tube (36) as close to the heating pipe (35) as possible to allow the generated high temperature to be transmitted to the flow tube (36).
Referring to FIG. 6, if the central U-shape slot of the heating pipe (35) is big enough for inserting in the outer diameter of the flow tube (36), then the flow tube (36) and the heating pipe (35) can be aligned in a mounting having a constant height so as to make the cast body (30) into a flat configuration for reducing the height and enhancing operation.
In summation of the foregoing section, the improved anti-explosion steam vacuum cleaner heating structure fully complies with all new patent application requirements and is here by submitted to the patent bureau for review and the granting of the commensurate patent rights.Royal Scandals
How 2012 Turned Into a Very Bad Year For Prince Charles
Poor Prince Charles. 2012 wasn’t supposed to be like this.
It was meant to be a glorious year of royal pageantry, the year of the Diamond Jubilee and the London Olympics, and the year in which the reins of power began to be handed over to Charles at last. A chance to make his mark.
In fact, 2012 will go down for the royals in general as a year to forget after two humiliating sets of naked photos of the Young Royals completely eclipsed the summer of celebration.
For Charles, it has arguably been even worse than for the family in general.
In recent weeks he has finally been forced to give up his long-cherished dream of making his wife Camilla queen when he inherits the throne and, to complete Charles’s dreadful year, he has just been voted the least popular senior royal, with just 21 percent naming him one of their “two or three favourite members of the royal family” in a Mori poll.
Even worse, his aim of rehabilitating Camilla in the public perception is revealed by the poll, which questioned more than 1,000 people, to have been an utter failure, with just 2 percent naming her as one of their favorites. William, by contrast, is the most popular royal with 69 percent approving him. Unsurprisingly, treacherous murmurings are starting to be heard again of the crown skipping a generation.
Even if 2012 doesn’t quite qualify as an annus horribilis for Charles, it is still a year he would probably rather forget.
It all began to go wrong with the Jubilee washout.
The famous riverboat pageant was Charles’s pet project, and it was he who pushed the plan forward despite the reservations of others who thought that making the central event of the Jubilee dependent on the famously unpredictable British weather was a bad idea.
Unfortunately for Charles, the naysayers were right; the day dawned gunmetal grey, it poured with rain, a freezing wind blew across London and down on the banks of the Thames it felt more like February than May. Prince Philip was hospitalized twice after the event, during which he and the Queen were obliged to stand for three hours on a boat decked out with all the sophistication of a floating Chinese restaurant. The remainder of the celebrations were completely overshadowed by Philip’s absence and speculation that he might actually die.
Despite the best efforts of the royals ably assisted by the BBC to spin the pageant as a triumph of British spirit, anyone who was there will tell you that viewed from the riverbank the riverboat pageant was a miserable affair.
After the Jubilee, it was time for the Olympics, and it seemed the Royals had a chance to get their groove back. Barely a day went by without a gorgeous picture of the young royals gracing the front pages, including one of William and Kate hugging each other in the Velodrome as another British cyclist claimed gold.
Harry was also riding high. On his jubilee tour of the Carribean, he had reinvented himself as an easy-going statesman, racing Usain Bolt and hugging the prime minister of Jamaica who had previously been planning to hive her country off from the Commonwealth.
Charles was intimately involved in the decision to send Harry off on tour, enhancing his son’s role as part of his master plan to squeeze his brother Andrew and his daughters Eugenie and Beatrice off the royal payroll.
(Indeed, it is rumoured that Prince Philip’s sudden turn for the worse during the Jubilee gave Charles a golden opportunity to present his changes to the nation. At the closing of the Jubilee celebrations, with no Philip to overrule him, Charles argued that only the new slimmed-down monarchy—the queen, himself, William, and Harry, plus spouses where applicable—should feature in the balcony appearance.)
But then, hubris struck, and Charles appointed Harry to stand in for the Queen at the closing ceremony of the Olympics when plainly a job of this importance should have gone to the next in line, Charles, or, at a push, William.
After his triumphal turn closing the Olympics, Harry went off on holiday to Las Vegas, got roaring drunk, and stripped off in front of a group of girls he had met hours earlier in the casino who had not been deprived of their camera phones.
For Harry’s personal reputation, the ensuing nude picture scandal was, actually, rather a positive turn of events, displaying the naughty, fun-loving side to his personality that is such a hit with audiences worldwide.
For his dad, Prince Charles, however, Harry’s latest and most spectacular misstep was an unmitigated disaster.
Succeeding in having Harry officially representing the Queen in front of a global audience of billions to close the Olympics must have been a moment as triumphant for Charles as it was galling for Andrew, who was recently, according to the Mail’s Richard Kay,.’”
In the aftermath of the nude pics, however, there was egg all over Charles’s face. Harry was promoted too fast, too soon by his father. Putting so much trust, confidence, and duty in the hands of his youngest son, a well-known “loose cannon,” as former press secretary to the Queen Dickie Arbiter publicly called him after the event, now looks like almost as bad a judgment call as asking a bunch of girls you just met in a casino Las Vegas up to your room for a game of strip pool.
Just weeks later, the Kate Middleton topless photographs hit, and William reacted by issuing legal proceedings against the magazine and launching a criminal case in France against the still-unnamed photographer.
It doesn’t take Sigmund Freud to see in William’s action a direct challenge to Prince Charles’s failure to take action against the photographers who hounded his mother to her death. Charles would have preferred the family to ignore the photos, but was unable to rein in his famously hot-tempered eldest son, who, on tour in the South Pacific with Kate, determined to push ahead with legal action on a flight between tour locations, against what he knew would be his father’s course of action.
There was more embarrassment for Charles when the attorney general had to step in to block publication of lobbying letters—‘black spider memos’—he had written to government being published, on the grounds that releasing them would have damaged his claim to impartiality when he became King.
Then days before he went off on tour to Australia, Camilla was revealed to have checked into a $5,000 a night Indian ayurvedic center. Hardly what austerity-hit Britain wants to hear. Charles's extravagance is undoubtedly a factor in his low popularity ratings.
There is no rift between Charles, William, Kate and Harry, but after the summer of scandal there is a sense that it is time for the young royals to move on. They want to do things differently than their dad.
To this end, William, Kate, and Harry are moving their staff and center of operations to Kensington Palace, setting up a mini-court there early next year.
And after the year Charles has had, who can blame them for wanting to manage their own affairs rather than leaving them at least partially in the control of their dad?Hi, I`ve developed these ugly and ridiculously itchy rashes on my wrists and arms, as well as my thighs, and since I have no known allergies and practice pretty good hygiene, I`m beginning to wonder if these rashes have anything to do with smoking, or simply stress. (I haven`t found the time to actually go see a professional to find out.) I`ve been smoking for a few months now, and I wonder if it`s possible that it`s just a delayed effect of some sort. Your answer would be very much appreciated. Thanks.
Sorry to hear about your rash. As to making an Internet diagnosis, well, probably not. You should see your family physician. However, I'm not aware that smoking cigarettes generally causes acute skin reactions, although there are reports of rashes associated with marijuana.
From the tone and substance of your question, you seem like a reasonable person. So why, "a few months" ago, did you start smoking? Let me guarantee you that smoking is an overwhelmingly more important problem than a rash on your wrist. Most people who start believe they will and can quit easily when they finish school, or the summer ends or there is less stress in their lives. Such thinking is quintessentially delusional.
Please talk with your doctor about quitting now before your brain is totally rewired by the nicotine. If you think you are bothered by a skin rash, give a little thought to your reaction to bladder or lung cancer, a heart attack, infertility or emphysema.
Good luck.Just Eat
Latest
Don't fancy cooking? Here are five takeaway apps to get food just picking up your smartphone27 October 2014
Cooking can be great fun and if you are trying to stay healthy before you pile on the Christmas pounds then making your own food is a great way to monitor what you eat. But just because it is fun or healthy doesn't mean you want to do it every night and... >>
... >>
_3<<
Guitar Hero voted best game to play with mates29 April 2010... >>Family tree▼
There are apparently two Robert Davidsons appearing in early Augusta County that have been confused by researchers. The other Robert Davidson married Isabella Ramsey. This Robert Davidson married Ann (possibly Dunlap), who was named in his will of 1751. Some records attributed to this Robert Davidson may belong to the other, more research is necessary.
Augusta Co., Virginia Book of Records Vol. III Pg 23
Date: 10 January, 1751 Robert Davidson's will, yeoman-son John Davidson, 13 1/2 pence; daughter. Mary Huston, 13 1/2 pence; wife, Ann. Executrix, Ann. Teste: John Mackey, William Lusk. 29th August, 1751, proved by all witnesses. Ann refuses to execute, and administration granted to John Davidson.Your registration includes access to all sessions, plus continental breakfast, lunch, and snacks on both days.
Ticket Prices
$299 - Super Early Bird, now through June 3, 2015
$399 - Early Bird, through August 12, 2015
$499 - Standard
Venue Information
WindyCityRails 2015 will take place at Venue One (1034 W Randolph St), located just minutes from downtown in Chicago’s West Loop neighborhood. CTA’s Green and Pink Lines are just two blocks away. Several Divvy bike share stations are available within close proximity.
Hotel Information
Our preferred hotel is Silversmith Hotel & Suites (10 S Wabash Ave). The hotel is adjacent to the CTA Green and Pink Lines, which offer quick access to the venue.
Ticket & Event Policies
WindyCityRails tickets are not refundable, but they are transferrable. If you need to transfer your ticket to someone else, please refer to the ticket link in your confirmation email.
There may be photography, audio or video recording at the conference. By attending, you agree to allow the organizers to use your likeness in future marketing and promotional material.
By attending WindyCityRails, you agree to abide by our Code of Conduct.Tallahassee, FL -- The No.33 Florida State women’s tennis team swept Virginia Tech in the “Paint it Pink” event today, 7-0 at the Scott Speicher Tennis Center. The Seminoles are now 12-8 on the season with a 5-5 showing in the ACC.
“I was pleased with how we came out and got that doubles point today,” Hyde said. “We continue to mix up our partners so see what fits for us and I thought the ladies did a great job.”
The Seminoles swept for the doubles point as juniors Carolina De Los Santos and Francesca Segarelli cruised to victory as they defeated Isel Martinez-Marco and Emily Lauten on court three, 8-1. On court two, freshmen Leyla Erkan and Mia Vriens beat Martha Blakely and Katie Blow, 8-4. Finishing out on court one with a 8-3 win over Shannon Betts and Courtney Rauscher was junior Amy Sargeant and sophomore Ruth Seaborne.
“In singles, it was nice to look up and down and see everyone jump out to an early lead in their first sets,” Hyde said. “That set the tone for the rest of the match. It made a huge difference and it was great to see that.”
In singles, Sargeant added the second point for the Seminoles as she defeated Tea Ivanovic on court six, 6-1, 6-4.
On court three, Vriens would pick up a win as she defeated Martinez-Marco 6-1, 6-3 while Erkan would seal the match for Florida State on court two with a win against Shannon Betts, 6-3, 6-4.
De Los Santos continued her strong work out of court five as she went on to defeat Carol Kahoun 6-3, 6-2.
After jumping out in front with a commanding first set, Seaborne outlasted a battle on court one with Blakely, 6-2, 7-5, capping-off the 7-0 sweep for the Seminoles.
“We got better today,” Hyde said. “We are definitely starting to play better tennis up and down the line. I feel that we are poised and prepared to play against Virginia on Sunday. It’s our last home match and we hope to have a really good crowd to support us. It’s going to be a battle, no question about it.”
The Seminoles will be home for one final match as they will take on No.15 Virginia on Sunday at 12 p.m. Check back to Seminoles.com and Twitter (FSU_wtennis) for more information.
Singles
1. Ruth Seaborne def. Martha Blakely: 6-2, 7-5
2. Leyla Erkan def. Shannon Betts: 6-3, 6-4
3. Mia Vriens def. Isel Martinez-Marco: 6-1, 6-3
4. Francesca Segarelli def. Courtney Rausher: 6-4, 6-4
5. Carolina De Los Santos def. Carol Kahoun: 6-3, 6-2
6. Amy Sargeant def. Tea Ivanovic: 6-1, 6-4
Order of Finish: 6,3,2,5,4,1
Doubles
1. Ruth Seaborne/Amy Sargeant def. Shannon Betts/Courtney Rauscher 8-3
2. Mia Vriens/Leyla Erkan def. Martha Blakely/Katie Blow: 8-4
3. Francesca Segarelli/Carolina De Los Santos def. Isel Martinez-Marco/Emily Lauten: 8-1
Order of Finish:
3,2,1Sorry for your loss Joe
Sorry for your loss Joe
Hey Tom. Hope all is well with you guys. Here's another non-Ohio site I check out this time each year. Very cool
I used a RNT original acrylic for years. A few years ago I called David Gaston at Gaston Custom Calls. I told him the type of duck hunting spots I had and what I was looking for. He tweaked his call...
Gotcha, I thought you were answering the original question. Makes sense now. Thanks
Sure it's possible. See this resource:
bbEe X bbEe Regards,
Tim
Prayers and positive thoughts for your cousin and family sent from Ohio
This grad of The Ohio State University hopes OSU comes thru. It's been a long year.
For those talking about how badly we're going to get crushed I remember a year ago how the media and everyone...
My wife's a CPA and she says to keep at least 7 years.
It did originally say Michigan. Somewhere between Columbus and Uncle Bill someone changed it. That story has been emailed all over Ohio this week and, yes, it is priceless.
Unfortunately, one of...
Picture appeared better to me and the audio was in sync as well on photobucket.
Bumping this link as both adults are in the nest. Have seen one fly off and return with food this morning.
Latest report I heard on the radio was that the rat poison was on wheat from China that was purchased by the pet food company . Checked around online to confirm and found the same info here:
...
I received the results from the secretary and forwarded them to EE. The Open results are correct as are the other placements by Sport. I'll fill in the ???s from Sport's post...
AMATEUR
1st -...Related Links
Relevant offers
Christmas Guides
For many of us Christmas has become all about the gifts, the food, the summer holiday.... But it is possible to give something back this Christmas.
Here unwra 'hello'.
- Stuff
Sponsored links
How to survive Christmas stress
The history of Christmas trees
Dr Shock's electrifying Christmas display
Dreaming of an All Whites Christmas
Top TV picks for Christmas
Virtual Santa brings cheer to sick children
Stuff Christmas contest winners announced
Gary McCormick's twin gift
Creative ways to reuse Christmas paper
All Blacks' very merry Christmas
How to keep fit over the holidays
Festive fun that doesn't break the bank
Double the gifts, but zero rubbish
All Paula Bennett wants for Christmas is SBWHonors Thesis: Directing/UNSTUCK.
Directed and Conceived by Meryl Sands '13
and Featuring and Created by
Christina Aruffo '14, Amelia Dornbush '15, Sam Swift Shuker-Haines '14, Joshua McLucas '15, & Benjamin Books Schwartz '13.
Stage Managed by Zack Martin '13
with Set Design by Matt Saunders, Costume Design by Dyan Rizzo-Busack '15, Lighting Design by Josh Schulman, Sound Design by Elizabeth Atkinson, & Projection/Media Design by Fernando Maldonado '13
Showings:
May 3 and May 4 @ 9PM
May 4 and 5 @ 2PM
LPAC Frear Ensemble TheatreDifference between revisions of "Norma Smith"
Revision as of 06:43, 20 June 2014
Contents
- 1 Biography
- 2 Committee assignments
- 3 Issues
- 4 Elections
- 5 Campaign donors
- 6 Scorecards
- 7 Personal
- 8 Recent news
- 9 See also
- 10 External links
- 11]
Committee assignments
2013-2014
At the beginning of the 2013 legislative session, Smith served on the following committees:
2011-2012
In the 2011-2012 legislative session, Smith served on the following committees:
2009-2010
In the 2009-2010 legislative session, Smith served on the following committees:
Issues: ."
Education
- Excerpt: "Every student deserves the opportunity to have a quality education and to be prepared for success. The Washington state constitution is clear; providing for the basic education of all children within our borders is the paramount duty of the legislature in the budgeting Norma Smith (R) and Michael Scott (L) were unopposed in the primary. Smith defeated Scott in the general election.[3][4][5].[6][7]
2010
Norma Smith was re-elected to the Washington State House of Representatives District 10. She was unopposed in the August 17, 2010, primary and defeated Democrat Laura Lewis in the November 2, 2010, general election.).
Campaign donors
In Washington, there is a $1,600 campaign contribution limit for donations to partisan House candidates.[8]
Comprehensive donor information for Smith is available dating back to 2000. Based on available campaign finance records, Smith raised a total of $522,573 during that time period. This information was last updated on September 30, 2013.[9]
2012Smith won re-election to the Washington House of Representatives in 2012. During that election cycle, Smith raised a total of $76,515.
2010
In 2010, a year in which Smith was up for re-election, she collected $93,864 in donations.[10]
Her largest contributors in 2010 were:
2008
Listed below are the five largest contributors to Norma Sm] Smith missed 1
Smith proposed a 10-year increase in state taxes and fees of $21.9 million, the 77 Smith voted on the specific pieces of legislation:.
See also
- Washington State Legislature
- Washington House of Representatives
- Washington House of Representatives Committees
- Washington Joint Committees
- Washington state legislative districts
External links
- Norma Smith's campaign website
- Washington House of Representatives - Rep. Smith
- House Republicans Office Website
- Profile from Open States
- Profile by Vote-USA
- Legislative profile from Project Vote Smart
- Biography from Project Vote Smart
- Campaign Contributions: 2012, 2010, 2008, 2000
References
- ↑ Project Vote Smart, "Biography," accessed April 16, 2014
- ↑ votenormasmith, "Official Campaign Website," accessed April, "Smith, Norma C," accessed September 30, 2013
- ↑ Follow the Money, "2010 campaign contributions," accessed April 16, 2014
- ↑ 11.0 11.1 Washington Policy Center, "2014 Missed Votes Report for Legislators Released," March 18, 2014
- ↑ Freedom Foundation, "2012 Big Spender List," accessed April 16, 2014
- ↑ My Freedom Foundation, "Home," accessed June 18, 2014
- State representatives first elected in 2006
- Washington
- Current member, Washington House of Representatives
- 2010 candidate
- Republican Party
- 2012 incumbent
- House of Representatives candidate, 2012
- 2012 primary (winner)
- 2012 general election (winner)
- 2010 incumbent
- 2010 winner
- House of Representatives candidate, 2010
- 2014 incumbent
- State House candidate, 2014
- 2014 primarySACD & Other Hi-Res Reviews
HAYDN: Op. 2 String Quartets, Nos. 1, 2, 4, 6 – Auryn Quartet/ Matthias Lingenfelderm & Jens Oppermann, violins/ Stewart Eaton, viola/ Andreas Arndt, cello – Tacet audio-only Blu-ray
Published on January 7, 2014
HAYDN: Op. 2 String Quartets, Nos. 1, 2, 4, 6 – Vol. 2 of 14 – Auryn Quartet/ Matthias Lingenfelderm & Jens Oppermann, violins/ Stewart Eaton, viola/ Andreas Arndt, cello – Tacet multichannel Pure Audio Blu-ray B188, 78:21 ****:
This well-played collection of some of the Hayden Quartets is an interesting step along the evolution of high quality sound reproduction in the home. The Blu-ray disc, billed as ‘TACET Real Surround Sound’ has a non-standard but interesting approach to getting high quality sound to the listener.
The disc contains a 5.1 channel mix, or a 2 channel mix. Although billed as a 5.1 disc, the liner indicates that actually only 4 channels are used, no center or subwoofer channel. In the multichannel mix, we get each instrument in the quartet occupying one channel; first and second violin in the left and right channel respectively; viola and cello in the left and right rear. In the stereo mix, the rear channels are folded forward. The disc usually starts playing in the surround mode as soon as it is placed into your Blu-ray component so it does not require a video display. [Some decks may require punching the Play button a second or third time…Ed.]
This arrangement pre-supposes that the speakers will be closely matched, but more normally, the surround speakers are smaller, and a subwoofer takes care of most of the low end. That’s the setup I have, so the rear channels were not really playing at equal fidelity, or at least the frequency response between front and rear channels was different owing to the size of the speakers. The recording still sounded quite good, but it seems like a theory based on playback systems that many people do not have. [I have identical front and surround speakers and I love their separate-channel setups—and haven’t found the smaller center channel speaker a detriment on their quintet recordings…Ed.]
That said, let’s move on to the music. We get very solid performances of Haydn’s Op. 2, Quartets 1, 2 and 4 and 6. The performance is by the Auryn Quartet, a fine group of musicians, that has played together for 30 years, no small accomplishment. The Auryn Quartet was awarded the 2009 (Haydn) and the 2010 (music to a children’s story) Echo Klassik Prize, and the 2011 Annual Prize of the German Record Reviewers for their recordings of the entire Haydn quartets, and this disc is part of that series.
These are excellent performances, and the engineering of the recording has sharply defined positions for the quartet, and a lovely reproduction of the recording venue acoustics.
One could quibble with some of the technical decisions made, and I think I would have preferred a more standard 5.1 recording with the quartet up front and hall ambiance in the rear, but the recording still sounds very good and very live.
We’ve seen DVD Audio come and mostly go, SACD is still with us, but it was never a mainstream success, and now we are getting Blu-ray discs configured as audio only music carriers. This is a novel variation on the theme in terms of instrument placement, and while I don’t think this arrangement will become dominant, this is a very nice recording and a sublime performance. [The switch to Blu-ray by some labels is based upon there being a greater penetration of Blu-ray decks out there than SACD-compatible decks…Ed.]
—Mel Martin
Go to next review in this section
on this article to AUDIOPHILE AUDITION!
Email this page to a friend. View a printer-friendly version of the article.A HISTORY OF GROWTH AND STABILITY
Old Republic International
Corporation.
Old Republic manages its business
through more than 125 corporate entities, of which 23
are insurance subsidiaries covering all 50 states and
Canada. Old Republic's companies market, underwrite, and
provide risk management services for a multitude of
coverages, predominantly in the general (property and
liability), mortgage guaranty, and title insurance
arenas. A small life and health insurance business is
also conducted in the U.S. and Canada, principally as an
adjunct to the Company's general insurance operations.
The breadth of coverages ensures wide diversification
and dispersion of risks. Additionally, Old Republic's
companies focus only on carefully selected major sectors
of the American economy that are not uniformly exposed
to the same business cycles. The Company operates in a
decentralized manner that emphasizes specialization by
type of insurance coverage, as well as industries and
economic sectors served.
Old Republic publishes an
Annual Review that is widely distributed to agents,
brokers, customers, employees, and others interested in
the Company's business objectives and product offerings.
The most current Annual Review is downloadable in the
Investors section of this Website.
© 2015 Old Republic National Title Insurance Company. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policydu pont (e.i.) de nemours (DD:New York)
Executive Profile*
Background*
Jiayang Li is a Principal Investigator with the Institute of Genetics and Developmental Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). Mr. Li serves as an Editor of Plant & Cell Physiology, associate editor of Plant Molecular Biology and is a member of the editorial board of Cell Research. His research interests include the molecular genetics of plant development and metabolism. He has diverse viewpoints to the broad area of biotechnology and its application in agriculture, ...
>.Screw the DNR! Steve Marsi at October 27, 2013 8:58 am. Comments Share Tweet Email The shocking end of the season in which it is revealed that John Doe is George, and Izzie collapses. Edit Delete Follow Grey's Anatomy Show: Grey's Anatomy Episode: Grey's Anatomy Season 5 Episode 24: "Now or Never" Related Videos: Grey's Anatomy Videos, Grey's Anatomy Season 5 Episode 24 Videos Uploaded by: Steve Marsi Uploaded: October 27, 2013Article Preview
Behnkie, Louis
Published 04/29/2009, Grand Forks Herald
Behnkie, Louis, 56, of Detroit, TX, formerly of Grand Forks, ND, died Friday, April 24, 2009, from injuries sustained in a motorcycle accident.Word count: 24
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.Chris Johnson fifth? Cedric Benson 23rd? Yep, that just happened in these 2010 PPR running back redraft rankings.
Check out our other rankings and our sleepers and draft strategy pages.
1. Maurice Jones Drew - Much like I said in the Chinstrap Ninjas Mock Draft, Jones-Drew is the most consistent running back in the league right now. He also is not fumble prone or has not had issues with injuries during his career. He's a gamer. I like that in my first round pick.
2. Adrian Peterson- I like him even if Brett Favre does not come back. With Favre I like him more. If he didn't have the fumbling problems and slight injury history, he'd be my #1 overall pick.
3. Ray Rice - Word out of camp he is bench pressing 500 pounds and squatting 450 pounds. That's some serious torque for a running back. He has looked very impressive in camp again this year. Look for him to eat into Willis McGahee's goal line carries more in 2010 and become a better value.
4. Frank Gore - I see the 49ers making a serious playoff move in 2010. They finally have the players, the coach and the schedule to excel. Gore will play a major role on this run-first oriented team. Plus Gore has some nice matchups come fantasy playoff time. That's always a bonus.
5. Chris Johnson - I know everyone is asking, "how can I have CJ2K ranked so low?" He should be the #1 guy shouldn't he? Well as was stated several places here at Chinstrap Ninjas, a few of us ninjas feel he cannot repeat his 2009 season in 2010. He had way too many touches in 2009. Plus no running back in the history of the NFL has even rushed for more than 1,500 yards in a season after a 2,000-yard rushing season.
6. Michael Turner - Reports are Turner is super healthy and performing at a high level this offseason. He played well in 2008 and in 2009 when he was healthy. I also see the Falcons having a rebound season with Turner being a big goal line beneficiary.
7. Steven Jackson - Another bell cow runner. If only his team would make more red zone trips. The TDs he gets is what pulls him back on this list.
8. Rashard Mendenhall - The primary running back on a team that wants to emphasize the run more in 2010. Mendenhall showed last year he has what it takes to be a bell cow runner. Now he gets a full season to prove his mettle. I think he will be primed and ready.
9. Pierre Thomas - Well, the only primary running back left is Cedric Benson. You will see how much confidence I have in him lasting the season by where I have him ranked. Anyway this is the start of the sharing backs. Pierre Thomas is going to be the best of those in 2010. He will scoop up most of the carries Mike Bell's departure left behind. Plus everyone tends to forget he missed the first 3 games of the season last year and didn't participate much at the tail end either when the season was wrapped up. He averaged over 5 yards per carry. So even if he just gets 100 of Bell's carries that would put him at around 1,200 rush yards. Combine that with his receiving yards and you have one heck of a running back.
10. DeAngelo Williams - Williams is the main back in a run first Carolina team. He and Jonathan Stewart make a really nice tandem. The timeshare, though, keeps them out top-five running back contention.
11. Joseph Addai - Peyton Manning has said during training camp he would like to get the team more to an even split with run-pass ratio rather than throwing 50 times a game. Addai should be the main benefactor. You have to worry that Donald Brown may eat into his carries some, but it seems Addai is the weapon of choice in the red zone.
12. Ryan Grant - Almost forgot about him being the main back in GB. His biggest setback is that he is not involved in the passing game much. He is the main back on a potent offense though, and will get many red zone opportunities.
13. Chris Wells - Beanie should see a significant uptick in carries in 2010 mainly due to the fact Kurt Warner retired and Matt Leinart is now under center. The team figures to become more of a run first team like Ken Whisenhunt and Russ Grimm both love. Wells should be the beneficiary.
14. Ryan Mathews - He may lose some third down work to Darren Sproles, but should still put up some potent numbers in that offense. His fresh young legs have to be better than LaDainian Tomlinson's worn down legs, right?
15. Ronnie Brown - This guy just puts up stud fantasy numbers every year until the injury bug comes and bites him. This ranking takes that into account. He is in a contract year though. That may motivate him to stay on the field the entire season. If he does you could be looking at a top-10 running back. Make sure you select Ricky Williams as a handcuff later in your draft.
16. Jonathan Stewart - Stewart is another part-time back that makes some significant contributions in Carolina's run first offense. He tends to be the go to guy in the red zone for the Panthers. He will probably have more TDs than DeAngelo Williams, but amass less yards. If you are in a TD-heavy league I would flip-flop his ranking with DeAngelo.
17. Shonn Greene - Being a Jet fan I love me some Shonn Greene. Only problem for 2010 is that LT will be the third down back of choice. I could also see a scenario where LT gets some goal line and short yardage carries as well. That tempers my feelings on Greene for 2010 just a bit.
18. Felix Jones - Jones has bulked up this offseason to the point he is actually bigger than Marion Barber now. Word out of camp though is that has not affected his speed at all. That could make him a real threat. I am sure owner Jerry Jones would love to have a featured back that comes from his own alma mater (Arkansas) playing for him.
19. LeSean McCoy - McCoy should get the bulk of the carries in Philly. The problem is with Philly throwing the football so much, that only amounts to 16-18 carries per game. Maybe with new man Kevin Kolb under center, Andy Reid will run the ball more. Nah I don't foresee that happening.
20. Clinton Portis - I am shocked that NO ONE is talking about this guy as a sleeper RB candidate in 2010. He is only one year removed from an almost 1,500-yard, 10-TD season. Plus he returns to Mike Shanahan's offensive scheme that made him a 1,500-yard, 14-TD runner in Denver. I could easily see a bounce back year in the works for Portis. Plus the addition of McNabb means teams can't just hone in on the run.
21. Jahvid Best - I really like Best. I felt going into the 2009 College Football season, he was the best back out there. I still feel confident in his abilities despite his injury concerns. The only thing I think that ranks him this low is playing for Detroit.
Possibly once Matthew Stafford comes into his own at QB, Stafford, Best and Calvin Johnson can form Detroit's version of the Triplets. Speaking of the Triplets, congratulations goes out to Emmitt Smith being recently inducted in the Hall of Fame. We loved you in fantasy football circles, Emmitt.
22. Arian Foster - Here is another guy that might surprise a lot of people in 2010. He was a beast towards the end of last season subbing for the injured Steve Slaton. Not only can he run between the tackles, he also can catch the ball out of the backfield as well. I originally thought Ben Tate would be the guy here. Tate's injury and Foster's stellar play this offseason has vaulted him into the lead role. I look for Foster to hold on to that spot.
23. Cedric Benson - I am sorry, I am just not a big Ced Ben fan. A guy that averages less than 4.0 yards per carry and has scored only 6 TDs in his BEST season is just not that appealing to me. Plus it seems every year he runs out of gas 2/3 of the way through the season. Make sure you handcuff him with Bernard Scott if you take him.
24. Jamaal Charles - Another guy that many would feel is ranked too low. He is a better option in PPR leagues. I just fear that Thomas Jones will see the bulk of the red zone carries and Jamaal won't make many TD trips in 2010. That really brings his ranking down.
25. Knowshon Moreno - His capsule seems like it could be similarly written to the one of Cedric Benson's. That's why he is ranked about the same spot. His preseason hamstring injury status drops him below Benson.
26. Chester Taylor - Here is another pick many are probably wondering, "what the heck is this guy thinking?" Well here is an interesting tidbit on the Chicago situation. Matt Forte ran for just a hair over 2.0 yards per carry in single-back sets in 2009. What does Mike Martz run the vast majority of the time? Single-back sets. I look for Taylor to beat out Forte and excel somewhat in the Mike Martz system. A Marshall Faulk he is not, but he still may produce some sneaky numbers.
27. Michael Bush - Bush will find himself in the starting role in 2010. It appears Darren McFadden has bust written all over him. Bush would be an even better play if he weren't with the Raiders.
28. Brandon Jacobs - The injuries last year really temper my feelings on Jacobs. He has the potential to move up on this list. I just don't see it happening though as Eli Manning has now developed a decent passing game in New York with the young receivers he has.
29. Montario Hardesty - Despite the early training camp injury, I believe upper management of this team (Mike Holmgren) believes Hardesty is the answer for them at running back. I foresee him being given every opportunity to carve out the starting role in Cleveland.
30. Fred Jackson - Despite the presence of C.J. Spiller and Marshawn Lynch, I foresee Jackson getting the bulk of the Buffalo carries. The problem with that is the offense is horrible and won't visit the end zone much in 2010. I foresee Jake Locker as a number one draft pick in 2011 for Buffalo.
31. Ahmad Bradshaw - The Giants figure to keep an even split in carries between Jacobs and Bradshaw. Bradshaw will get the receptions though and actually is probably the better value in PPR leagues over Jacobs.
32. Marion Barber - He has trimmed down to gain more speed. I think that is a mistake on his part. He is better off serving the role as the punishing runner toward the end of the game. Barber should still get some touches in 2010, but I can soon see an exit sign for Barber from Dallas in his future.
33. Justin Forsett - Forsett is the main back in Seattle for now. Rumor has it they are still looking for a bulkier running back for short yardage and goal line. Why didn't they keep LenDale White? Doesn't make sense to me. Forsett moves up a couple notches in PPR leagues.
34. Reggie Bush - Bush does fairly well with the 10-12 touches he generally sees per game. Actually visits the end zone more than other backs ranked down here. He will only ever be a complimentary back though so draft him as such.
35. Carnell Williams - Tampa doesn't offer much in terms of fantasy production, but Williams posted some decent RB3 numbers. Only way I could see him starting for you is in flex position leagues.
36. Ricky Williams - Ricky is a nice compliment to Ronnie Brown. I highly recommend that you handcuff Brown by picking up Ricky later in your draft.
37. Thomas Jones - I have a feeling he is going to play a more Jerome Bettis-type short yardage and goal line role in Kansas City. He gets a big bump up in TD only leagues. In leagues that give points for yardage he should be ranked down here.
38. Laurence Maroney - Maroney vows to end the fumbling woes that plagued him in 2009. He says they were simply mental mistakes that he can easily correct. If he does he may carve out a nice role starting in NE and should bump up a little higher on this list if that happens.
39. Jerome Harrison - He was a fantasy stud at the end of 2009 against some pretty weak defenses. He will battle Hardesty for playing time, but Hardesty has the edge in management's eye since they were the ones that selected him in the 2010 draft. As long as Hardesty is healthy he will play. Hardesty does have past history with injuries at Tennessee though. Harrison might surprise at some point.
40. Matt Forte - Yes I realize it is possible that Forte and Taylor could possibly be flip flopped on this list. I just don't think Forte fits Martz's scheme that well and Taylor will win out.
41. LaDainian Tomlinson - A third down specialist that may actually get some goal line work. If he does see goal line touches, he should be ranked higher than McFadden.
42. Darren McFadden - He has an outside chance at being the starter for the Raiders. I foresee him simply as a third down change of pace option.
43. C.J. Spiller - He will be the poor man's Reggie Bush in 2010. Buffalo just doesn't present itself to be a hotbed of fantasy production in 2010.
44. Tim Hightower - Hightower is a nice PPR sleeper prospect. Last season he had over 60 receptions. That's phenomenal for a running back.
45. Fred Taylor - In the last year of his deal in NE, he may challenge Maroney for first- and second-down back touches.
46. Donald Brown - The Colts may work Brown in more to become the eventual successor. But Addai will still be the main threat in 2010.
47. Willis McGahee - McGahee's goal line work may get cut into this year by a stronger and more powerful Ray Rice. Look for McGahee to be out of Baltimore soon.
48. Bernard Scott - The must have handcuff for Benson for when he runs out of gas toward the end of the season.Search
I can't remember if this band is any good or not but that band photo is amazing
I want to make out while playing guitar.
Hey punknews.
I wish I could watch this Canadian bands video in Canada...
Agreed, this is restaded.
what the hell does restaded mean?
You're the Golden Girl, you tell us.
Love love LOVE having every Star Trek series on Netflix Instant.
I didn't manage to finish it but there is a documentory called The Captians I found on there that Shatner made, really interesting
you ever seen trekkies? is that a good documentary?
I haven't.
I actually have an episode of DS9 paused right now.
I was watching Voyager as I typed this, haha.
We dont hock trek around here.
I hate when such awful bands have such great press photos.
Yeah!
These guys are from where I live!
My friend used to deliver the vocalist's papers.
watch on mute.
grumble grumble grumble...
so good!Contact Information & Staff
Mailing address:
Southwestern Native Aquatic Resources and Recovery Center
PO Box 219
Dexter, NM 88230
Phone: (575) 734-5910
Tuesday and Thursday - 9:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m.
Federal Holidays - Closed
For directions to the hatchery go to our Visitor Information page.
Directors & Unit Leaders
Manuel E. Ulibarri, B.S., Center Director - Expertise: Program Development and Coordination.
Manuel began his fisheries career as a student intern working for the New Mexico Department of Game and Fish. Over the past 22 years he has overseen all operations at four USFWS Region 2 facilities. During this time he has developed expertise in warm water fish culture, specializing in the conservation of threatened and endangered aquatic species.
Vacant, Assistant Center Director
Wade Wilson, PhD, Research Unit Leader, Regional Geneticist
Teresa D. Lewis, PhD, Southwestern Fish Health Unit Leader - Expertise: Fish Health Biologist. Dr. Lewis joined the Fish Health Center on October 26, 2008. Dr. Lewis is originally from Oklahoma and earned her PhD in Marine and Marine Science/College of William and Mary. She has collaborated with many partners while in Hawaii, including the Hawaii Aquaculture Development Program, NOAA Sea Grant, USGS National Wildlife Health Center, Pacific Island groups and local Aquaculture businesses to address animal health issues. Dr. Lewis is very hands-on in her approach to fish health diagnostics and has strong ties with the fish health communities throughout the U.S.
Vacant, Hatchery Manager
Fish Health Staff
Marlene Rodarte, B.S., Fish Biologist
Jason Woodland, M.S., Fish Biologist
David Hampton, Fish Biologist
Linda Vannest, Fish Biologist
Ashlie Peterson, Fish & Wildlife Biologist
Fish Culture Staff
William Knight, BS, Supervisory Fish Biologist (Acting unit lead)
Ian Paige, BS, Fish Biologist
Garrad Poole, Fish Biologist
Tracy Diver, Fish Biologist
Research Unit Staff
Morgan Robinson, Ph.D., Geneticist
Renee Martin, Genetics
Administrative & Support Staff
Maria Bullard - Adminstrative Officer
Michelle Bell - Administrative Tech
Stephanie Callicut - Administrative Tech
David King - Maintenance Mechanic.FictionPress.com FictionPress.com: dpulsk Story feed for writer: dpulsk 2015-05-22T03:24:48-08:00 tag:fictionpress.com,2015-05-22:/atom/u/882873/ dpulsk 2012-11-18T00:11:27-08:00 2012-11-18T00:11:27-08:00 Love Has No Sound tag:fictionpress.com,2012-11-18:story.3075298 Author: <a href=''>dpulsk</a><br><a href=''>Romance</a><br>English, Rated: T<br>Romance/Friendship<br>Chapters: 2, Words: 3,664, Reviews: 0, Rated: T, In-Progress<hr size=1>"Saying "I love you" means a lot to most people. But to me, it's what the eyes says, along with your actions. Nothing means more to me than showing your love instead of just repeating it. Wanna know why? Because love has no sound."Buffalo Iron Works is finishing up some last minute details in preparation for its opening this evening. The 500-person capacity music venue and event bar will capitalize on the live sounds of Buffalo bands (mostly free), as well as some out-of-town acts (sometimes ticketed). When the live music isn’t in session, the industrial bar/restaurant will play host to Sabres and Bandits fans before and after games, along with First Niagara special event nights.
Developers Sam Savarino and Roger Trettel, along with additional partners at LagerHaus 95 (shared partners, services and some staff) have taken a building built circa early 1900s and preserved its historic character, while updating it enough to serve as a fully functioning destination in the Cobblestone District. In order to secure historic tax credits, the integrity of the building remains intact, and only the old wood floors are missing, as they were not salvageable. The beams used to support the flooring were reused in the building of the service bar. Other reused architectural elements from this building and others were also incorporated into the design fabric of the venue. You can even see where the old overhead pulley system was, or pay close attention and you will find other artifacts of interest including some that are still being installed, including a massive copper cornice and an old brass elevator that will be suspended from the wood beams.
The food system at Iron Works is being set up similar to a food truck. Customers will order such things as poutine (seven different kinds), massive jumbo dogs (with hollowed out fresh loaves of bread for buns), and a number of other chef-inspired easy-to-eat pub delicacies. Iron Works roasts and smokes their own meats, and prides itself on obscure foods that you might only find on a themed food truck.
Rigidized Metals constructed the handsome exterior signage, John McKendry who owns the building next door worked out a parking arrangement to accommodate guests, and the owners have sectioned off a space between two of the buildings to create a sizable patio that will also feature a bar. Clear garage doors can be found at both ends of the building, which will be opened on nice days. Sound dampening has been added to the venue to help with acoustics, and an elevated stage with sound and lighting is raring to go. Elias Benavides will be running the live music gigs on a regular basis. The windows ‘street side’ were left exposed, while the ones towards the back were kept filled in to keep with the darkened industrial grit of the live music-themed bar, while helping to curb noise that might compete with the neighboring comedy club. The name Buffalo Iron Works pays homage to Buffalo’s rust belt grit, and is the venue’s overall identity.
All in all, Sam Savarino tells me that this is just another piece of the Cobblestone Puzzle – a puzzle that is beginning to actually materializing in ways that might help to spur even further development in the area down the line. Whatever happens next, I think that we can all be happy with the sorts of milestones that we are seeing today, in the form of tangible development of one of our most treasured districts (or at least what’s left of it). It just goes to show you how important it is to preserve the buildings that remain.
Buffalo Iron Works | 49 Illinois Street | Cobblestone District | Buffalo NY | free samples of viagra Facebook |
Here’s the live music line-up:
Fri Sept 27th 6PM Vinnie DeRosa
Fri Sept 27th 10PM Verse
Sat Sept 28th 9PM Pine Fever
Tue Oct 1st 7PM Jaime Holka
Wed Oct 2nd Andrew J Peimers CPX Duo
Thu Oct 3rd Wojick/Holka Duo
Fri Oct 4th 6PM Mike DiSanto
Fri Oct 4th 10PM That 80s Hair Band
Sat Oct 5th 10PM Dave Constantino Band
Tue Oct 8th 5:30 & 9:30 Cue the Sun
Wed Oct 9th 7PM Queen City Catastrophe
Thu Oct 10th 9:30PM Dave Nolf Band
Fri Oct 11th 8PM Mookie Blaylock
Sat Oct 12th 5PM & 10:30PM Mookie Blaylock
Tue Oct 15th 7:30PM Steve Balestri Band
" This is Buffalo? Seriously?"
That's what you're gonna hear people from out of town, and even from WNY, say when they see it. Drove by today and it looks fantastic. There was foot traffic for the WWE event and the garage doors were open and it looked fantastic. Home run. Gonna be awesome for visitors to events at FNC, HarborCenter, Canalside, et al. Maybe Carr will up his game.
I was here last Friday and from what I could tell it's going to be a nice addition to the neighborhood. Onwards and upwards we go!
Did they decide not to fully update the exterior like the rendering in a previous article?Primus at the Ogden Theatre
Wednesday, October 19, 2011 | 4 years ago.
Use Current Location
Related Location
miles
Ogden Theatre
935 E. Colfax Ave.
Denver, CO 80218Internet publication of Geneva justice decisions, powered by Perl - Laurent Dami
Friday, The Camel Room, 1010, 20 mins
Since the beginning of 2006, decisions of some Geneva justice courts are made accessible to the public and to lawyers at URL. This is fully powered by a Perl and mod_perl infrastructure, performing tasks such as document conversions, content analysis, automatic cross-references, fulltext indexing and boolean searches.
The talk will present the architecture, and will also briefly mention some difficulties encountered in advocating Perl internally for major enterprise developments.beef stroganoff(redirected from Estrogonofe)
Also found in: Wikipedia.
beef stro·ga·noff(strō′gə-nôf′, -nŏf′)
n.
Thinly sliced beef fillet sautéed and mixed with onions, mushrooms, sour cream, and herbs, often served on a bed of noodles or rice.
[After Count Pavel Alexandrovich Stroganov, (1774-1817), Russian diplomat.]
beef stroganoff
n
1. (Cookery) a dish of thin strips of beef cooked with onions, mushrooms, and seasonings, served in a sour-cream sauce
[C19: named after Count Paul Stroganoff, 19th-century Russian diplomat]
beef′ stro′ga•noff(ˈstrɔ gəˌnɔf, ˈstroʊ-)
n.
thin strips of beef sautéed with onions and mushrooms and cooked in a sour cream sauce.
[1940–45; after P.Stroganov,19th-century Russian count and diplomat]
ThesaurusAntonymsRelated WordsSynonymsLegend:Call our experts: 888.808.FINE
Select a quantity and printing method. Changes are easily made later.
Add extra pizzazz to your meals with this festive dinner plate. This blue and white melamine plate features a penguin wearing a scarf and a snowflake border. PLEASE NOTE: This plate is dishwasher safe but is NOT microwave safe.Romeo School District Sinking Fund Levy Renewal (November 2011)
From Ballotpedia
A Romeo School District Sinking Fund Levy Renewal measure was on the November 8, 2011 ballot in the Romeo school district area which is in Macomb and Oakland Counties.
This measure was approved in both counties.
This measure was approved in both counties.
Macomb
Oakland
This measure sought to renew the current school levy which is set at a rate of $1.25 per $1,000 of assessed property value for a further four years in order to continue to pay for the sinking fund in the school district.[3]
Text of measure
The question on the ballot:
References
- ↑ Macomb County Clerk, November Unofficial Election Results
- ↑ Oakland County Elections, Current Election Results
- ↑ Oakland County Clerk, November Candidate and Issues List
- ↑ Note: This text is quoted verbatim from the original source. Any inconsistencies are attributed to the original source.Great Salt Plains State Park
580-626-4731
23280 S Spillway Dr
Jet, OK 73749
***NOTICE*** To check on possible Oklahoma State Park closures over Memorial Day weekend, please ... read more...
580-886-2989
HC 65, Box 120
Canton, OK 73724
The gently sloping land to the water's edge gives visitors easy access to Canton Lake for many types of recreation, both ...<<
Blue Bill Point Campground
918-476-6638
Fort Gibson Lake
Fort Gibson, OK 74434
Operated by the Army Corps of Engineers, Blue Bill Point Campground on Fort Gibson Lake offers 40 campsites. This cozy, ...-301-4868
42019 ECR 1440
Granite, OK 73547
Lost Cabin Outfitters, located within the stunning Wichita Mountains of southwest Oklahoma, is a full-service hunting ...<<
580-256-2006
Rt 2 Box 43
Buffalo, OK 73834
This beautiful 14,000-acre working cattle ranch in northwest Oklahoma is in the heart of wild quail country. Selman ......A very brief note on the current state of the industry
1911 Flanders Electric
Electric sedans of 1912:
Baker, Woods, Waverly, Detroit, Rauch and Lang, Firestone-Columbus, Ohio, Argo, Borland, Century, Ohio, Babcock, Broc, Flanders, Fritchle, Kimball Regular, Standard, Hupp-Yeates and Studebaker
Electric sedans of 2010:
I’ll get back to you.
4 Comments - Leave a Reply
Heh. Good point. On the other hand the electrics of the Edwardian Age had little to no real range or speed requirements, weighed not much more than a carriage, had no heater, lighting, or other real comfort loads, and were pretty much aimed at city-dwelling old ladies who were scared of that nasty gasoline.
@marmer, good points all, but the last only needs a little tweak (change “old ladies” to “hippies”) to apply today.
k tell that to the 500 hp mercedes electric car
Electric is the future because it is BETTER than gasoline power vehicles, especially for performance. Once its been perfected and made cheap gas powered cars, and arab oil nations, will be a thing of the past.
I would want a tesla roadster. That would be an amazing car to own.
still I think a magazine should test one of these cars against the modern plug ins and see how much has really changed.A salon visit is full of small pleasures, from receiving a scalp massage to picking up the velvet satchel of your hair as you leave. Savor the little things with this Groupon.
Choose from Three Options
- $17 for a women’s haircut with wash and style (a $35 value)
- $30 for a women’s haircut with demipermanent color (a $60 value)
- $45 for a women’s haircut with full highlights (a $90 value)<p>.
Tips
68% of 19 customers recommend
“My experience was wonderful and I plan to return in the future!”
“Great customer service”
“Friendly staff. Did a great job.”
- 1
4174 Wheatley Rd.
#300
Richfield, OH 44286
+13306590042Get DirectionsNatural Sleep Aids For Adults Fighting Insomnia
They say natural is better and in the case of insomnia remedies, that is certainly true. Natural sleep aids for adults are becoming more preferred, because they are more effective and a lot safer than ordinary sleeping pills. They do not cause negative side effects and are not addictive either. They are non habit forming sleep aids and are also usually cheaper and easily accessible anywhere.
One of the most popular natural sleep aids for adults are those that are made from herbs. There are plenty of herbs in the world that contain substances that can naturally induce sleep, and these are used as the primary ingredients in herbal sleeping aids.
Although not as potent as some artificial medications, these herbal sleep aids are just as effective and so much safer.
In fact, several studies have already proven just how effective herbs can be as natural sleep aids. According to these studies, the calming effects produced by prescripton sleeping pills can be matched, if not surpassed, by any herbal sleeping aid today.
The effects may not be seen as quickly but this is a small matter considering that you will not experience a single negative side effect anyway. Despite this excellent performance of herbal sleeping aids, however, you shouldn’t rely on them completely to cure insomnia. You do have to find out the cause of your insomnia before you can put a stop to it permanently.
Valerian and Melatonin Sleep Aids
Most natural sleep aids for adults these days can be classified into two major categories, depending on their primary ingredient, which are Melatonin and Valerian. Both of these ingredients are completely natural and do not contain any synthetic substance.
Valerian is an herb that has sleep inducing characteristics. The sleep aids made from this substance come in the form of a pill or a tea. The pill is preferred by many, though, because valerian can have a nasty taste that is not pleasant for most people. With proper use, valerian will not have any negative side effects but if you use it daily for more than three months, you might experience palpitations, headaches, dizziness and indigestion.
Melatonin, on the other hand, is a hormone that occurs naturally in the body. It can also be found in some fruits and vegetables, from which the melatonin sleep aids are taken. Melatonin can restore normal sleep patterns, so this natural sleep aid is ideal for people who have to sleep during the day, due to working at night, or jet lag. When using Melatonin for sleep, these supplements are taken half an hour before going to bed.
Besides the use of oral supplements, there are many other natural sleep aids that you can use to fight insomnia. For example, you can listen to relaxing music, take a warm bath, do some breathing exercises or drink a glass of milk before bedtime. You certainly can use natural remedies for insomnia, including natural sleep aids for adults.It’s hard for many Westerners to understand what’s going on in my fellow Iranians’ heads, what with our saying we’re going to wipe certain countries off of the map one moment and we’re going to go nuclear or bust the next.
The confusion is such that I feel obligated to step forward at this time and bring a measure of clarity and understanding to this grave international situation. And so I offer you my very own “Unabridged and Uncensored Guide To Understanding the Iranian Nuclear Crisis.”
Does Iran have the nuclear bomb?
I don’t think so. If it did, all Iranians would know about it. And when the Iranian people know something, then the whole world knows about it, because an Iranian cannot keep a secret, even if he is the minister of intelligence.
Would Iranians like to have the bomb?
Yes and no. There are two types of specialists in Iran: one that knows what a nuclear bomb is and what are its benefits and harms, and the other kind, which does not know any of these things. Those who know what it is do not wish to have it. Those that do not know would love to have it.
Why do Iranians want to have nuclear energy for peaceful purposes?
Because Americans do not wish Iranians to have this energy. This, of course, is not true just for nuclear energy. If America starts supporting President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad today, the Iranian government will remove him from power within a week. In general, Iranians like whatever Americans don’t.
Why is it not possible to come to an agreement with the Iranian government?
Every country in the world has one government, and the people in government are the ones you talk to about hardline groups. But in Iran, the government itself is hardline, so talks to control the government must be held with the moderates outside the government. This is not possible, though, because anybody who has any sense in his head has no power, and those who do have power have nothing in their heads.
Why should the West not be alarmed about Iran getting the nuclear bomb?
Because the current Iranian government does not wish to stop Israel with its nuclear weapons. It wants to stop its opposition groups.
Why should the West be alarmed about Iran getting the nuclear bomb?
Because one must be alarmed with whatever happens in Iran.
Why can Iran not trust the West?
First, an Iranian does not trust anyone, let alone a foreigner.
Second, an Iranian cannot trust anyone who is hiding something from him. He also cannot trust someone who he can hide something from.
Third, trusting anyone in general is very difficult for the current government in Iran. Whoever it trusts it must engage in talks with. To do that, it must first think. And to think, it must act rationally. But if it acts rationally, it would lose its political power because others can act more rationally and think better.
Fourth, perhaps the Iranian government wants to do something against countries that want to trust it, without those countries knowing it, which of course requires that it can’t trust those governments.
Fifth, Westerners have specific plans that they openly announce, then implement to achieve specific goals. Now tell me, how could you possibly trust people like that?
Why can’t the West trust Iran?
First, to gain trust, Western officials contact the Iranian government and talk to its representatives. Then they develop trust. A few days later, they notice that the Iranian government has changed. Just as they talk to gain trust again, the government changes.
Usually when a new government comes to power, its members announce that they do not trust the previous government. The previous government, for its part, announces that it, too, does not trust the new government. The West is then stuck with two governments that do not trust each other, but expect the West to trust them.
Second, Westerners talk to Iranian representatives and reach an agreement. Then they realize that those they have been having talks with are not trusted by their own minister. So then they talk with the minister, but soon realize that the minister of foreign affairs has no right to make decisions regarding foreign policy.
So then they talk with the president, but again soon realize that he, too, is not trusted by the leader of the country on foreign policy issues. So then they study the positions of the supreme leader and realize that his positions are different from those of the minister, while both positions are official.
Third, Iranians are either trusted but have no power, or are not trusted but have political power.
Fourth, when Iranian politicians are alone, they are completely moderate and calm; when they give news conferences, they are completely conservative; and when they give public speeches, they are completely radical and hardline. Would you trust these people?
Fifth, pick any old issue for discussion and present it to the powers that be. The ambassador will say, “we will certainly do it.” He’ll pass it on the foreign minister, who’ll say, “I agree that it should be done.” His spokesman will say, “perhaps it will be done.”
The president, for his part, will say, “it cannot be done.” The leader of the Parliament will say, “it can possibly be done,” followed by the chairman of the State Expediency Council, who will say, “it may be done later.”
And the supreme leader, of course, will say: “It is exactly as the officials have stated.”The.
What's a bond?
A bond is a debt the government borrows with the promise that it will be repaid with interest. "General Obligation" bonds are referred to as such because they represent a general obligation of repayment from the government.
How is a bond repaid?
The state pays back bonds with property taxes.
How will it affect me?
According to the State Board of Finance, if all four state GO bonds are approved this year, annual property tax bills will increase by an average of $15.61 for every $100,000 of asset value over a 10-year period. That additional tax breaks down per GO bond as follows—Bond A: $1.03; Bond B: $0.77; Bond C: $4.02; Bond D: $9.77.
Some older bonds in Bernalillo County are being retired this year, which would lower property tax bills. This also means that even if all six Bernalillo County GO bonds are approved, property taxes won’t rise above what they are now.
See the freshest, funniest face on television, known for her hit show "Inside Amy Schumer" and stand-up career, live and on stage.Find a copy in the library
Finding libraries that hold this item...
Details
Abstract:
Interview conducted for Voices from the Catholic Worker. Michael Denis Cullen, an Irish-born pacifist and religious educator and co-founder of the Casa Maria Catholic Worker House in Milwaukee, as well as the Emmanuel House of Prayer in Clonfert, Ireland, discusses his activities with the Catholic Worker, Irish politics, and the Catholic Church. He talks about nonviolence in Ireland, his relief center, Camp Jesus, his time in America, and his encounters with Dorothy Day. Cullen also talks about his book, A time to dance: the Mike Cullen story. Interviewed by Rosalie Riegle Troester. Interruptions in audio present in original recording.
Reviews
User-contributed reviews
The Effective Leadership: Senior Leaders subcategory measures the level of respect employees have for senior leaders, satisfaction with the amount of information provided by management and perceptions about senior leaders’ honesty, integrity and ability to motivate employees.
Click on the links below to view an agency’s full report. Click on the column headings to sort by rank, agency name, score or change.
No DataNo ChangeNEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Lululemon (LULU - Get Report) stock has been downgraded to "neutral" from "outperform" with a $44 price target, Robert Baird said Friday. The firm said the company lacks near-term catalysts.
Also See: Lululemon Shares Tank to 2011 Levels
Must Read: Warren Buffett's 25 Favorite Stocks
STOCKS TO BUY: TheStreet Quant Ratings has identified a handful of stocks that can potentially TRIPLE in the next 12 months. Learn more."
- You can view the full analysis from the report here: LULU Ratings Report- Data and Statistics
- Subject Areas
- Library
- News
- Policies and Methods
- About BTS
KEY: N = data do not exist; P = preliminary; R = revised; U = data are unavailable.
a Injuries classified as serious. See definitions of injuries in the glossary.
b All scheduled and nonscheduled service operating under 14 CFR 121. Since Mar. Mar..
fLarge. Train and commuter rail occupant and nonoccupant injuries, excluding public highway-rail grade crossing fatalities involving motor vehicles.
i Injuries occurring at highway-rail crossings resulting from freight and passenger rail operations including commuter rail. Highway-rail grade crossing injuries, except train occupants, are also counted under highway. Injuries involved with motor vehicles at public highway-rail grade crossings are excluded.
j All reportable injuries (excluding attempted suicides) for heavy rail, light rail, and automated guideway.
k Includes heavy rail, light rail, and automated guideway. Transit injuries include those resulting from all reportable incidents, not just from accidents (Directly Operated (DO) modes only from CY2002-07). The drop in the number of injuries in 2002 is due largely to a change in definitions by the Federal Transit Administration. Only injuries requiring immediate medical treatment away from the scene now qualify as reportable. Previously, any injury was reportable. Injuries occurring at highway-rail crossings resulting from operations of public transit rail modes, excluding commuter rail. Data for injuries at light rail crossings are: 1995 (179); 1996 (171); 1997 (92); 1998 (42); 1999 (148); 2000 (111); 2001 (54); 2002 (76); 2003 (56); 2004 (62); 2005 (138); 2006 (44); 2007 (139); 2008 (155); 2009 (229); 2010 (295); 2011 (269), and 2012 (251). Since 2008, the data has included both directly operated (DO) and purchased transportation (PT) modes.
l Transit total subtract highway-rail grade crossing.
m Vessel-related injuries include those involving damage to vessels, such as collisions or groundings. Injuries not related to vessel casualties include those from falls overboard or from accidents involving onboard equipment..
NOTES
To reduce double counting, the following adjustments are made: For Railroad, injuries involving motor vehicles at public highway-rail grade crossings are excluded because such injuries are assumed to be included in Highway injuries. Railroad includes only injuries involving motor vehicles at private highway-rail grade crossings and those not involving motor vehicles. For Transit, commuter rail, demand response, motorbus, and vanpool injuries are excluded because they are counted as Railroad or Highway injuries. zero.
SOURCES
Air:
1970-94: National Transportation Safety Board, Annual Review of Aircraft Accident Data: General Aviation (Washington, DC: Annual issues).
1995-2012: Ibid., Analysis and Data Division, personal communications, Nov. 9, 2009, Sep. 29, 2011, Jan. 23, 2013, and Aug. 2013.-12: U.S. Department of Transportation, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, National Center for Statistics and Analysis, Traffic Safety Facts (Washington, DC: Annual Issues), table 2, as of June 2014.
Rail:
Highway-rail grade crossings:
1960-70: National Safety Council, Accident Facts, 1974 (Washington, DC: 1974).
1975-2012: U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Railroad Administration, Office of Safety Analysis, table 5.11, Hwy/Rail Incidents Summary Tables, available at as of September 2013.
Railroad:
1960-70: National Safety Council, Accident Facts, 1974 (Washington, DC: 1974).
1975-2012: U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Railroad Administration, Office of Safety Analysis, tables 1.12, 2.07, and 5.14, Ten Year Accident/Incident Overview by Railroad, available at as of June 2014.
Transit:
Transit Total:
1990-2011: U.S. Department of Transportation, Volpe Center, Transit Safety and Security Statistics, available at as of September 2013.
Highway-rail grade crossings:
U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Transit Administration, Office of Program Management, personal communications, Apr. 7, 2010 and Jan. 22, 2013.
Water:
Vessel- and nonvessel-related:
1970-91: U.S. Department of Transportation, U.S. Coast Guard, Office of Investigations and Analysis, Compliance Analysis Division, (G-MOA-2), personal communication, Apr. 13, 1999.
1992-2008: U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, Data Administration Division (G-MRI-1), personal communication, Apr. 7, 2010.
2009-12: U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, Data Administration Division (G-MRI-1), personal communication, Nov. 4, 2011, Nov. 20, 2012, Nov, 12, 2013.
Recreational boating:
U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Coast Guard, Office of Boating Safety, Boating Statistics (Washington, DC: Annual issues), available at available at as of June 2014.
Hazardous liquid and gas pipeline:
1970-2012: U.S. Department of Transportation, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Office of Pipeline Safety, Accident and Incident Summary Statistics by Year, available at as of June 2014.Question
How much should I involve my unborn baby's father?
We dated for 10 months and broke up 2 weeks ago. I just found out I'm 6 weeks. I'm 16, he's 18 and leaving for college in a few weeks. I'm not sure I should involve him anymore for several reasons: He only ever talks about terminating the pregnancy. He cannot provide finacial support. He is very opposed to adoption but thats is what I'm leaning towards. He keeps trying to get me to do things like hit myself or try home remedies to get rid of it. I thought he didn't care, but yesterday he broke down in tears about the whole situation. I want to give him the benifit of the doubt because this is shocking and scary.. I'm just unsure about what to do. He's very young and very immature. He's hostile towards me because neither of us are over the break up so he offers no emotional support. But he is the father. Is that reason enough? I can't think of any other reason to keep him in the loop except that he helped create the baby. He has no intentions of being a dad.
Posted: 07/31/2012 by hmk24
Mom Answers
Sort by: best answers | most recent answers
1 - 4 of 4 answers
- I'd agree adoption is the best choice. Keep looking at that keep in filled in and stress this is what's best for the baby in every way. The baby is the only thing that matters and deserves parents who love each other and can give it the best life. You're being very responsible realizing that. That proves how much you love your baby. Stay strong and keep working on it!posted 07/31/2012 by a BabyCenter Member
-
- try not to talk to him to much about the baby and mabey in the next few months hopefully he will start gettin used to the idea or even make his mind up on how he feels dont try to push him out or push him into the situation either just let him come to you. if he dont then clearly he is not interested ect. but offer him to scans but only ask once if he says no.posted 07/31/2012 by a BabyCenter Member
-
- You said he isn't for abortian, but he is trying to get you to losethe baby on yourown? That doesn't make much sense. Yur 16, I think you should talk to your parents and his as well, even though he is 18. You should do what you want to do. If you are going to have the baby you will need support - even if it isn't from him and is from friends nd family. If you are not wanting to keep the baby there are plenty of couples that would love your child and be very glad to have him/her. There are a lot of options you have, and you should feel 100% comfterable with the one you pick - meaning not to let others tell you what to do. You are the one who will have to deal with the choice for life. As for including him if you keep the child... You can always get child support from him or see if he would sign over his rights to the child. You can also have visitations of court ordered or made between you and him. talk to your parents at the least or your guardian and let them help explain your choicesposted 07/31/2012 by a BabyCenter Member
-
- Wow, You seem to be going through so much, One thing i will advice you is to not get rid of your little angel. My sister go pregnant when she was 17 with her ex boyfriend. They had also broken up when she found she was 4 weeks preggo. The most shocking part of the whole situation is that she was having twins. The father was 19 years old and worked at del taco for min wage. They gave it another shot because she knew that over all he is the father. it didnt work out. he is too inmature to handle a good girl and 2 beautiful twin girls. it hasnt been easy but she is ssoo happy with her babies now . she realized that she gave it a shot and he choose to be with he crack head friends instead. now he has a restraining order and can only see the girls twice a month with supervision if he wants to. If your Ex chooses to do something else instead being there for you as a supporter and a father, that just says he wont be a good daddy. in his mind there is other priorities above you and your baby.posted 07/31/2012 by tanya_1221
-
Answer this questionComplete Guide to Baseball MemorabiliaAuthor:
Larson, Mark K.
ISBN-13:
9780873413176
ISBN:
0873413172
Publisher: Krause Publications
Summary: Larson, Mark K. is the author of Complete Guide to Baseball Memorabilia, published under ISBN 9780873413176 and 0873413172. Five Complete Guide to Baseball Memorabilia textbooks are available for sale on ValoreBooks.com, three used from the cheapest price of $0.01, or buy new starting at $2.91.
- Used $0.01
- New $2.91
Recommended
Used
New
Product Details
Publisher: Krause Publications
ISBN-13: 9780873413176
ISBN: 0873413172
Publisher: Krause Publications
Valore Books is the top book store for cheap Complete Guide to Baseball Memorabilia rentals, or used and new condition books that can be mailed to you in no time.
Where's My Stuff?
- Track your recent orders.
Shipping & Returns
- See our shipping rates & policies.
- Return an item (here's our Return Policy).
Need Help?Writing Center
University of Wisconsin-Superior
Swenson Hall 1030
Belknap and Catlin
P.O. Box 2000
Superior, WI 54880
ph. 715-394-8095
Writing Center
Staff Details
Hey, y'all. I'm the new gal at the Writing Center this spring semester. I am a sophomore, entering the Social Work program here at UW-Superior. My goals for the future are to work at a Teen Challenge, travel to Alaska or Scotland, and create the world's best meatloaf recipe. In my off hours, I chit-chat with friends, watch movies, do crafty things, serve as the #1 fan at intermural games, and chat some more. Other times I can be found at my church, in the YU, or at my second job: on Ostrander 3rd floor, I am the Resident Assistant.In order to add your link to our site, please register with the form below.
You will then be redirected to a page in which you can log in and add your own site details.
Each submission you make is checked by us to ensure that the highest quality links are added to benefit our site as well as your own.
Thanks,
Nicky and Steve Allen
Benefit from advance notice of last minute deals and our "Sunset Club" members only offers. Just enter your name and email address to receive notification of these special accommodation offers!
Noosa Accommodation @ Sunset Cove Resort
Join Our Links Directory | ResourcesHello there,
I was wondering if it is possible change the text of a live.dial in real time, or is this a static attribute that can only be modified in the inspector?
I’d like to have a list of possible titles (like: cutoff, attack, or distortion) that I could choose from, and would change the name of the dial. I specifically want this function, so that when I use the clip modulation in Live, instead of the dial just showing up as "dial1" it would change to say "cutoff" if I selected cutoff etc.
Is this possible? Thank you!
More specifically, I am trying to make a midi controller for a Machinedrum. The MIDI CCs for knobs 1-8 are always the same, but for example, knob 4 on one machine could be decay, and knob 4 on another machine could be attack.
What I’d like, is to be able to update the text on the live.dials 1-8 to say the actual parameter name. I was thinking of having a menu, were you would select what the machine type is, and that would trigger each live.dial to update it’s text to the corresponding parameter for that machine. This way when I go into abletons clip modulation, I would see "attack" instead of "knob 4"
I do not think you can change the names of live dials on the fly. I don’t know the MD but I think the easiest way might be to use a bpatcher and have banks of 8 dials, one bank for each machine – all the dials labelled correctly for that machine, and then use a button the name of the machine to jump to bank of dials in the bpatcher. Look at bpatcher help file and double click the more patcher box to see what I am talking about.
Log in to reply
OUR PRODUCTS
C74 ELSEWHERE
C74 RSS Feed | © Copyright Cycling '74 | Terms & ConditionsNew Ground Broken On Aggression Research
Questionnaire results and DNA samples volunteered by a group of University of Alberta students has broken new ground in the study of aggression. U of A Psychology researcher Peter Hurd was looking at the link between an individual’s sensitivity to testosterone and aggressive behaviour.
.”
—
On the Net:Posts by Author]
No. 14 Aggies trounced at home by No. 3 Ole Miss
Former]
Aggies at Alabama on Oct. 18 set for marquee midday kick on CBS]
Show MoreHi! I'm Minerva.mcgonagall247. Most of my stories will be about Harry Potter.
I'm a teenage girl obsessed with Maggie Smith, Harry Potter, fanfictions, NCIS and Bones!
Love: Tiva, Ncis, Harry Potter, Maggie Smith, Cote de Pablo, Abby Scutio, Jibbs, McAbby, anything NCIS. DISNEY! The old not the shit we have now, Bones, Temperance, Booth, Christine, Angela, Hodgins, Cam, Sweets, Zach and Mr. Vicent Nigel Murray.
Harry Potter Stuff
House: Gryffindor
Match: Harry Potter
Blood: Blood Traitor
Teacher I am: Minerva Mcgonagall
Subject I am best at: Transfiguration
Subject I would teach: Transfiguration
Who I am most like: Hermione
Patornous: Cat
Animagus: Cat
Fav color: Red, Blue. BLACK!
Fav books: Harry Potter, Hunger Games
Fav Foods: NONE!
Hates: Twilight, TWILIGHT!(Both the books/movies and the ncis version only because I love/loved Kate) Death, Vance. The fact that Kate and Jenny died. Food. Sleep. Weeks without Ncis. CI-Ray! Eli David! Oh and days without Bones! When people diss Harry Potter.
If you sometimes say "Merlin!" instead of "God!" copy and paste this into your profile.
If you always mentally make the Sirius "serious" pun whenever somebody says, "I'm serious!" copy and paste this into your profile
If you've ever wished you could go into a book and strangle some of the characters for being so incredibly dumb, copy and paste this into your profile. (Umbridge, Lockhart, Rita Skeeter, ARGH!)
If you secretly hoped to get a letter from Hogwarts when you were 11, copy and paste this to your profile.
If you have ever run into a door, copy this into your profile.
No I won't go to hell! It has a restraining order against
1)When you are sad, I will help you get drunk then assist in plotting revenge against the weasel that upset you.
2)When you are blue, I will try to dislodge whatever it is that is choking you.
3)When you smile I will know that you are probably planning something that I will want to be involved in.
4)When you are scared I will take the mick out of you until you're NOT.
5)When you are worried I will tell you stories about how much worse it could be until you STOP WHINING!
6)When you are confused I will try to use only little words.
7)When you are sick, stay the hell away from me because I don't want whatever you've got!
8)When you fall I will laugh at you, you clumsy arse, but I will, regardless, help you up.
This is my vow, as a friend, I hope you will, one day, return this to me.
If have ever pushed a door that said pull or vice versa, copy and paste this into your profile.
If you read people's profiles looking for things to copy and paste into your profile, copy and paste this into are Harry Potter obsessed, copy this into you profile and add yourname: Ga Nat Nat, Evil Older Sister, Frozenfan, slygirl16, eragonharrypotterfan, WWMTgirl, Purpleducki88, Minerva McGonagall Rox,TivalovercalledAbby.1997, Boneslover247
If you think Minerva McGonagall is cool copy this in your profile.
.YOUR REAL NAME:Dana
2. YOUR GANGSTA NAME:(first 3 letters of real name plus izzle): Danizzle
3. YOUR DETECTIVE NAME: (fav color and fav animal): Scarlet Kitten
4. YOUR SOAP OPERA NAME: (middle name, and current street name): Lynn Tolchester
5. YOUR STAR WARS NAME: (the first 3 letters of your last name, first 2 letters of your first name, last 3 letters of mom's maiden name): Odldarly
6. YOUR SUPERHERO NAME: (2nd favorite color, favorite drink): Black Tealyawtl
8. YOUR WITNESS PROTECTION NAME: (mothers middle name): Lynn
9.YOUR GOTH NAME: (black, and the name of one your pets): Black Sasha
In loving memory of...
Albus Dumbledore, the greatest headmaster Hogwarts will ever have
...James and Lily Potter, who died because of a friend's betrayal
...Sirius Black, a good godfather and best friend
...Rue, District 11's female tribute in the 74th Hunger Games
...Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody, a notable member in the Order of the Phoenix
...Remus Lupin, who died fighting Death Eaters
...Nymphadora Tonks, killed by Death Eaters
...Fred Weasley, a great jokester who died laughing
...Charlotte, the only spider I'll ever like, who devised a plan to save Wilbur
...Severus Snape, who endured false accusations from his own side
...Colin Creevey, who lost his life to Death Eaters much too early
...Cedric Diggory, an innocent person, yet killed by Voldemort himself
...Kevin "Freak" Avery, who was too young to die
...Dobby, who died a free elf
...Primrose Everdeen, a brave young girl who shouldn't have died
...everyone else who died fighting Voldemort
May they all rest in peace.
"REMEMBER WHEN"
REMEMBER WHEN .. getting HiGH meant swinging at a playground?the worst thing you could get from a boy was cooties?when mom was your hero and dad was the guy
YOUR GUY SIDE:
You love hoodiesYou love jeans.Dogs are better than cats.It's hilarious when people get hurt. (As long as nobody dies)You've played with/against boys on a team. (only girl.(yet at the same time sickening!.(Black)You love to go crazy and not care what people think.Sports are fun.Talk with food in your mouth.Sleep with your socks on at nightTOTAL:9
YOUR GIRL SIDE:
You wear lip gloss/chapstickYou love skirtsCats are better than dogs. (heck yeah!)You love to shopYou wear eyeliner.You wear the color pink.Go to your mom for advicePink, yellow, orange, purple or gold is one of your favorite colors.( GOLD)You hate wearing the colour blackYou like hanging out at the shopping center.You like getting manicures and/or pedicures.You like wearing jewelry.Shopping is one of your favourite hobbies.You don't like the movie Star Wars.You are in gymnastics/danceIt takes you around/ more one hour to shower, get dressed and make-up.You smile a lot more than you should.You have more than 10 pairs of shoesYou care about what you look like. (depends..)You like wearing dresses when you canYou like wearing body perfume.You love the movies.Used to play with dolls as little kid.Like being the star of everything.TOTAL: 10
--If you wish you went to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, then copy and paste this into your profile and add your name to the list with your house of choice:
FiyeroTiggular93 - Slytherin, Weirder Than You - Ravenclaw,! -LIONS FOR THE CUP!!- Gryffindor!!- Lyra124, TivalovercalledAbby.1997-GRYFFINDOR!, Boneslover247- gryffindor
Harry Potter Fan I was bornHarry Potter Fan I'll dieAnd from the graveyard I'll scream "Harry Potter Rocks!!"
If you've ever lost someone you loved, copy and paste
If you finished reading HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY HALLOWS and consider it amazing, and to be your favorite book out of all seven, copy and paste this into your profile!
f you loved DH, HBP, OotP, GoF, PoA, CoS, and SS/PS, and know what all those initials stand for, copy and paste this on your account.
If you are Harry, Mackenzie Weasley, Avatar Rikki, Dare-Deviless, Pitch5321, minerva.m1997, Boneslover247bage, Mad-Eye Moody, Cedric Diggory, Gregorovitch, Sturgis Podmore,....
Abby- Reporting for duty as ordered sir!Gibbs- Wrong hand AbbsAbby- Sorry sir!Gibbs- (talks about case...)Abby- Permission to speak freely sir!Giibbs- You always speak freely AbbsAbby- I know I just always wanted to say that..."Abby- Thank you sirGibbs- Dont call me sirAbby- Thank you ma'am".
If any of these refer to you copy and paste it into your profile.
MY TOP 20 FAVE NCIS QUOTES:
DiNozzo: Have you had your mandatory session with the shrink?Ziva: Yes!DiNozzo: Still crazy then?Ziva glares at TonyDiNozzo: Getting off your case. -Recoil
Twilight is not about Vampires and Werewolves, it will always be the day that Kate died..
Jenny - Sometimes things aren't so simple, Abby. Sometimes you can't control the outcome. Sometimes you have to look at the reality in front of you and accept it.
What I think of NCIS:
- It is inevitable that Tony and Ziva get together, but i secretly hope it'll take some more time, because the sexual tension between them is in my eyes essential to keep the show interesting.
- Gibbs is secretly the biggest Tiva-shipper ever
- They shouldn't have killed Jenny and Mike Franks (and Kate, although I'm kinda glad they did, because otherwise Ziva wouldn't have joined the team)
- I am a very peaceful person...but when it comes to Jeanne, Rivkin, EJ and CI-Ray I'm seriously losing it. I. Hate. These. People.
- I don't like Season 9's SecNav and I'm not particularly fond of Vance either...but I think I'm just mad at him for splitting up the team after Jenny's death...that was just wrong.
Stuff I DON'T like in NCIS fanfictions:
- Pairings like Gabby (Gibbs/Abby), Giva (Gibbs/Ziva) or - for crying out loud - Tibbs (Tony/Gibbs)...that's just wrong. Gibbs is like the team's big father figure and there's nothing romantical about his relationships to Ziva or Abby.AND NEITHER TONY NOR GIBBS ARE GAY! I don't have anything against gays/lesbians but please don't make ANY Tibbs references or stories, I'm begging you!
- Fics where Tony and Ziva have to go under cover for some random reason and suddenly realize that they love each other.We already had that like a bazillion times, come up with something new. Seriously.
- Ziva gets pregnant. I read a lot of stories with that plot-line and I only liked two. And those two were written by very skilled authors. I don't know about you, but I simply can't picture Ziva David pregnant.
- Fics that are like ten years from now and Ziva and Tony are in their mid-thirties. Than makes them in their early twenties in the actual series...and come on but that's OBVIOUSLY not the case (only with Ziva it's actually right, because she's 23 when she first appears in the show). You wanna write future-fics - make them the right age.
- Incorrect grammar or spelling. I mean it's okay if you're writing in a language that isn't your mother tongue, but still...put some effort in your writing!And if you ARE writing in your first language: WHAT THE HELL??? You should reaaaallllly at least try to get the friggin grammar right
When people ask me if I've seen Twilight, I say, "Yeah, several times!" They ask if I've READ it, and I say, "You know, I've heard there's a book but I didn't think they were connected. I should look into it, I LOVE Twilight!" When they say they love it too, I start talking about it. "I mean, the way Kate dies at the end? TOTALLY shocking. And so sad! Getting killed mid-sentence like that... And the look on Tony's face-" When they cut me off and ask what Twilight I'm talking about, I say "The NCIS season two finale of course! What Twilight are YOU talking about? Oh, that series with sparkly vampires, right? You know, Tony has a fear of vampires..." Copy and paste this into your profile if your Twilight came out in 2005!
Jingle bells,EJ smells,Tiva all the way,Ray should die,I won't cry,I'll laugh all day, hey
Between Abby Sciuto and Mythbusters, Science was never cooler.
If you wish that a fictional character was real, copy and paste this to your profile.
If you have ever seen a film, TV show, or anything of the like, and can quote it word for word. And you do at random moments, copy this into your profile. (gotta love Truth or Consequences) *omg i can quote that word for word, line for line, facial expressions and everything. i have to have seen it about 20 times. i even bought it on itunes!
Tony: So you've seen him before? From...internet dating?
Ziva: I will kill you eighteen different ways with THIS paperclip.
McGee: You know, that's how Houdini died.
Tony: Ziva, did you kill Houdini?
Ziva: It is possible. I do not remember all their names...
Tony: I thought you said 27 thousand kills
McGee: 28 thousand kills
Tony: But you said 27 thousand kills!
McGee: That was yesterday.
Tony: You killed a thousand people in one day?
McGee: I was hot, I was on fire!
Tony: It's not a cause for excitement, McGee, it's a cause for concern... speaking of causes for concern: Autopsy Gremlin? What are you doing up here? You know what happens if direct sulight hits your skin!
Palmer: Oh, I was just showing Ziva some pictures of me and Breena.
Ziva: Ooo.. Matching tattoos?
Palmer: I- It's henna- Ju-just henna.
Tony: You got... commitment issues, Palmer?
Palmer: I have a little trouble with... permanant things. Actually, I can't even put a bumper sticker on my car...
Tony: Lemme see... Where is this? It looks like the Baltimore Street Sign. McGee! Didn't you say you wanted to go there?
McGee: Nah, I decided not to.
Tony: Did YOU really make that decision, McGee, or was it made for you? By your addiction to killing. McGee killed a thousand people yesterday.
Ziva: Eh? That is not on the record.
Tony: On his video game.
Ziva: Oh.
McGee: Boss!
Gibbs: You got something to something to tell me...elf lord?
1) You've yelled hysterically at anyone who bothers you on Tuesday nights, episode premier ep "A Desperate Man" at the TV screen when Ray proposed to Ziva.)
20) You copy and paste this into your profile.
Things I am not allowed to do at NCIS:
1) I am not allowed to launch paper balls at Tony and say "I'm practicing sniping."
2) I will not yell "HINKY!" repeatedly during work hours.
3) I will not sneak up behind people, scare them, and then claim "I'm Gibbs!"
4) I will not threaten to kill people with a paperclip
5) Gloves are for evidence; not to be used as balloons.
6) I will stop saying "Get a room!" whenever Tony and Ziva are arguing.
7) I am not allowed to discuss my theory of how Gibbs is related to the Men In Black.
8) I will not hide Bert behind McGee's desk and say "McGee, there's a bathroom RIGHT THERE."
9) I will not refer to Ducky as "Donald Duck"
10) I will not dress up as Gibbs for Halloween
11) I will not ask McGee how many wedgies a day, on average, would he get when he was a kid.
12) I will not call people "snitches."
13) -Or a certain word that rhymes.
14) I will not yell "PARIS!" repeatedly when Tony and Ziva are within two feet of each other.
15) I will not refer to Ziva as "Mossad Hunting Dog."
16) -Especially around Ziva
17) I will not bring a water gun to work and tell everyone it is real, then pretend to shoot them with it.
18) I am not allowed to date coworkers (yeah, sure. That's gonna last.)
19) I am not allowed to headslap random people because they are not following Gibbs Rules.
20) I am not allowed to tell Probies that the first test on the job is to let a blind-folded Gibbs shoot an apple off your head.
21) I am not allowed to ask Ziva how stupid she thought Ray's haircut was.
22) I am not allowed to prank call Gibbs, claiming I sell sniper guns.
23) I am not allowed to call Tony "My little hairy butt."
24) I am not allowed to call Ziva "Sweetcheeks"
25) I am not allowed to impersonate Bert at lunch
26) I am not replace Gibbs' coffee with Abby's Caf-Pow!
27) I am not to replace Abby's Caf Pow! with Gibbs' coffee.
28) Probies are not to be used as "Moving Target Practice"
29) I am not allowed to hide in a body bag in Autopsy, then scare the hell out of Jimmy Palmer if and when he opens it.
Why we love Tiva so much:
-Because he noticed she was braless! (Boxed In)-Because he wanted to tussle her hair (Recoil)-Because she made dinner for him (Boxed In)-Because they are the hottest fake married undercover assassins ever (Undercovers)-Because he risked his career for her (Aliyah)-Because it’s inevitable (Judgement Day, Part II)-Because she missed everyone, even Tony (Last Man Standing)-Because he knows where her tattoo is (Dagger)-Because she’s seen his butt-Because his butt would be a 5 if he shaved it(Frame Up)-Because she’s his ninja (Nine Lives)-Because he was willing to die so she could escape (Undercovers)-Because he had pictures of her on his wall (Agent Afloat)-Because he has hair like a porcupig ( Silver War)-Because Gibbs thought they got married and didn’t tell him(Suspicion)-Cause of her twist in the english language ,tony hangs on her every word .-Cause in “Undercover” she let him be on top-Cause she laughs at his imitations-Because Tony wants to do page 57 with her. (Silver War)-Because Ducky knows they have feelings for each other (Last Man Standing, Legend Part I)-Because she intimidates him (Kill Ari II)-Because she opened up to him about her sister’s murder (Kill Ari II)-Because they played grab-ass(Boxed In)-Because Tony visited Ziva’s place at least once a week while Gibbs was away(Shalom)-Because Mossad thought Tony and Ziva were sleeping together (Shalom)-Because Rivkin was jealous of Tony(Last Man Standing, Legends I&II, Semper Fidelis)-Because she calls him his little hairy butt (Undercovers)-Because Tony imaged her pregnant with his kid! (Undercovers)-Because Tony was looking forward to having a little Dinozzo with Ziva (Undercovers)-Because he touched her, and it wasn’t his knee! (Undercovers)-Because he calls her sweetcheeks-Because if they live long enough she might tell him how she got the friction burn (Boxed In)-Because under normal circumstances he would consider having his hands on her ass fun (Boxed In)-Because he was going to buy her a house, though it would have to be a fake house cause the money was fake (Boxed In)-Because he risked his life to save her.-Because he admitted to her that he can’t live without her. (Truth Or Consequences)-Because he admitted that he tried to leave her alone but couldn’t. (Truth Or Consequences)-Because Tony thinks that Ziva is not replaceable. (Truth Or Consequences)-Because if he could, he’d drag her back in a heartbeat. (Truth Or Consequences)-Because she told him that he had always had her back. (Reunion)-Because Abby ships Tiva too! (Cover Story)-Because their intense staring made McGee feel awkward! (Reunion)-Because Tony broke all the rules for her.-Because he was a bit jealous of Rivkin. (Legend Parts 1 and 2)-Because they are BOTH tired of pretending. (Dagger)-Because they are soulmates. (Designated Target)-Because he learned some Hebrew for her.-Because even Eli is aware of their chemistry(Aliyah)
NCIS proverbs:. When in doubt, try the internet8. Do not bite the hand that feeds you, but be wary of the ones who touch your coffee.9. He who touches Gibbs' coffee is he who no longer has a right hand.10. He who takes Abby's Caf-Pow! has dissappeared without a trace.11. When even the greatest ninja is challenged by a Ziva, he should run.12. The great man never runs from a fight. Unless, of course, it's Ziva challenging you. Then, you should run like hell.13. Laughter is the best medicine, unless you are DiNozzo. Then, it's just a drug.
You have dressed up as an NCIS character for Halloween (yup. i was Abby but i dont have the right hair color for it!)You know just about all Gibbs' Rules by heart. (yeah its sad.)You "Gibbs Slap" people when they mess up. (it's actually fun sometimes)You have learned Hebrew just to find out what Ziva says in some scenes (it does come in handy sometimes...)You have seen every single NCIS episode You hear a love song on the radio and instantly think of Tiva or McAbby (Not my fault! OK maybe it is...)You ignore everything around you on Tuesday nights at 8:00. (The house could be burning. I wouldn't know.)You can name the episode from what the characters are wearing and how there hair is. (It's scary.)You have do your hair or wear clothes like the characters without even realizing it. When you realize it you smile happily.You quote the show on a regular basis.You have to be told not to talk about the show for the rest of the day because thats all you have been talking about.
So if you do any of the above you may suffer from NCIS addiction. (well, not really suffer but..) :)
Why i believe in Tiva:
-Because he said he couldn't live without her.-Because he said "Probie" with love."-Because he risked his life to go save her.-Because he lied about his knee.-Because he said she was priceless.-Because he calls her my ninja.-Becasue he still calls her Sweet Cheeks.-Becasue he said "Handle with care, contents priceless."
-Because she gets jealous everytime he has a date.-Because she kissed him first in Undercovers.-Because she told him to save himself and let her die.-Because she let him share a bed with her in Jetlag.-Because she told Nora "no" too quickly.-Becasue she still calls him Hairy Butt.-Becasue she will give him "anything he wants".-Because she tried to protect him from that bomb-Becasue she asked "If he liked what he saw."
-Because they were really under covers together.-Because they always have each other's backs.-Because there was no couch in Paris.-Because they screw all of Gibbs' rules.-Because they are in love.
Twilight is not about Vampires and Werewolves, it will always be the day that Kate died.A Gibbs-Slap is a form of affection. Somehow.Caf-Pows are the best thing since sliced bread.A paper clip is more than just an office tool.Rules were meant to be broken. And the ones that are, are 12 up on the list, so they weren't that important!!Coffee is something that can never run out. If it does, well, good luck.A kiss on the check means more than you think!!Barking dogs are just a factor in life. They become more real when they are not a sound coming off a phone.Trust. How could they live without it.Death is a part of life.Undercover is a really good place to be8701 Sunnybrae Ave, Canoga Park, CA 91306
4 beds2 baths1,479 sqft Edit
A Zestimate® home valuation is Zillow's estimated market value. It is not an appraisal. Use it as a starting point to determine a home's value. Learn more
Facts
- Lot: 7,840 sqft
- Single Family
- Built in 1956
- Views: 946 all time views
- Cooling: Central
- Heating: Other
- Last sold: Mar 2013 for $399,000
- Last sale price/sqft: $270
Construction
- Room count: 9
- Stories: 1
- Unit count: 1
Other
- Floor size: 1,479 sqft
- Last remodel year: 1956
- Lot depth: 120
- Lot width: 65
- Parcel #: 2780014025
- Zillow Home ID: 2018071K.
Mortgages
Neighborhood
Market guideZillow predicts Winnetka home values will increase 7.3% next year, compared to a 7% rise for Los Angeles as a whole. Among Winnetka homes, this home is valued 3.9% more than the midpoint (median) home, but is valued 4.6% less per square foot..
Learn more about forecast calculations or Winnetka home values.… More Less
For Sale
- 20506 Parthenia St4 beds, 2 baths
1,479 sqft, 8,399 sqft lot, built in 1956
- 8577 Limerick Ave5 beds, 3 baths
1,879 sqft, 8,649 sqft lot, built in 1956
- 20453 Rodax St3 beds, 2 baths
1,700 sqft, 7,492 sqft lot, built in 1954
- 8624 De Soto Ave UNIT 1292 beds, 3 baths
1,180 sqft, 67,609 sqft lot, built in 1990
- 8624 De Soto Ave UNIT 1112 beds, 2.5 baths
1,171 sqft, 67,605 sqft lot, built in 1990
- 8419 Fullbright Ave3 beds, 1.5 baths
1,344 sqft, 7,627 sqft lot, built in 1954
- 8621 Keokuk Ave3 beds, 3 baths
2,510 sqft, 19,166 sqft lot, built in 1951
- 8508 Oso Ave4 beds, 2 baths
1,580 sqft, 17,293 sqft lot, built in 1951
- 8421 Kelvin Ave3 beds, 2 baths
1,512 sqft, 4,965 sqft lot, built in 1984
- 20535 Roscoe Blvd3 beds, 2 baths
1,325 sqft, 28,052 sqft lot, built in 1937
- 20930 Parthenia St UNIT 1061 beds, 1 baths
606 sqft, 34,702 sqft lot, built in 1976
- 20140 Gresham St3 beds, 2 baths
2,050 sqft, 7,625 sqft lot, built in 1959
- 8463 De Soto Ave UNIT 451 beds, 1 baths
480 sqft, 75,557 sqft lot, built in 1986
- 8463 De Soto Ave UNIT 152 beds, 2 baths
693 sqft, 75,750 sqft lot, built in 1986
- 8401 De Soto Ave3 beds, 3 baths
1,887 sqft, 34,769 sqft lot, built in 1980
Rentals
- 20553 Londelius St4 beds, 2 baths
1,479 sqft, 7,840 sqft lot, built in 1956
- 20527 Londelius St4 beds, 2 baths
1,479 sqft, 7,840 sqft lot, built in 1956
- 8761 De Soto Ave APT 1282 beds, 2 baths
1,000 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 20909 Parthenia St # 14983451 beds, 1 baths
550 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 20909 Parthenia St # 1498344Studio, 1 baths
480 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 20909 Parthenia St # 14983472 beds, 1.5 baths
940 sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 21040 Parthenia St APT 222 beds, 2.5 baths
1,100 sqft, 25,000 sqft lot, built in 1981
- 8815 Quakertown Ave3 beds, 2 baths
2,000 sqft, 10,030 sqft lot, built in 1956
- 8458 Variel Ave3 beds, 2.5 baths
2,254 sqft, 5,227 sqft lot, built in 1968
- 19851 Gresham St3 beds, 2 baths
1,644 sqft, 7,753 sqft lot, built in 1957
- 20254 Blythe St # 1BR1 beds, -- baths
-- sqft, -- sqft lot, built in --
- 7826 Sunnybrae Ave3 beds, 2 baths
1,219 sqft, 6,969 sqft lot, built in 1954
- 19951 Lanark St4 beds, 3 baths
1,924 sqft, 5,924 sqft lot, built in 1971
- 8359 Deering Ave4 beds, 3 baths
1,795 sqft, 5,227 sqft lot, built in 1983
- 20647 Hatton St4 beds, 2 baths
2,200 sqft, 7,911erick Avenue Elementary (assigned)K-50.2 mi
- Ernest Lawrence Middle (assigned)6-81.7 mi
- Chatsworth Charter.Dartin' Martin?
Mighty Mouse?
Cannonball Martin?
Seldom has Tampa Bay fallen in love with a name so fast, and rarely has it wanted to give an athlete another option so fast. Doug Martin, a running ba ck who cannot wait to get to the end zone, has run straight into the open arms of Bucs fans.
Dougie Fresh?
Skid Marks Martin?
The D-Train?
And on it goes. The radio-show has made such an impact that you cannot help but want to throw your arm around him and give him an affectionate little moniker.
Personally, I can't figure out why the Muscle Hamster bothers Martin so much. No, it isn't the Galloping Ghost, and no, it isn't Crazy Legs, and no, it isn't Sweetness.
It is, however, unique. If Martin wanted, it could also be lucrative. He could hire an artist to draw a nice caricature, he could sell a half-million T-shirts and caps and make a fortune. Remember how much Honey Badger gear was sold last year? And face it, a Muscle Hamster could take the lunch money away from a Honey Badger.
Still, Martin tends to make a face every time he hears someone ask about the Muscle Hamster. By nature, Martin is a quiet guy who smiles a lot, but when it comes to a nickname, you get the feeling he would rather be called something silly, like Sparkles or Donald Trump, than something about a hamster.
So call him Flash. Call him Runaway. Call him Dig-Doug. If you are the Bucs, call on him 30 times a game.
Meanwhile, the suggestions keep flowing across ESPN and NBC and local radio. Some are sincere. Some are silly. Some are a case of a fan trying too hard. Every pun referring to Doug and every reference anywhere close to Martin have been mentioned.
Rollin' Martin.
Swoosh Martin.
The Martin Chronicles.
Funny thing, nicknames. They were born of a long-ago period when fans were forced to only hear about the athletes they followed because the games weren't on television. You know, like Bucs games. They were a glimpse into the characters of dynamic athletes whose styles fascinated fans. You know, like Martin.
To this day, fans love nicknames. The best ones are lyrical: The Iron Horse. Shoeless Joe. Joe Cool. Magic. Tiger. Bear. The worst ones are punch lines: He Hate Me. The Big Donkey. The Big Fundamental. The Worm.
The easy observation is this: If the nickname doesn't fit, don't force it.
Look, Barry Sanders ran just fine without a nickname. Dick Butkus' given name was intimidating enough. No one had to think of a fancy way to describe Jerry Rice on his way to the end zone.
In other words, Doug Martin seems to be a fine name for Doug Martin.
The D-Train? That's too close to Mike Alstott's A-Train. Mighty Mouse? Interesting, because the names of cartoon characters have been borrowed before (Lance Alworth was Bambi, and Ralph Garr was the Road Runner). But is "mighty" that much different than "muscle," and is a mouse better than a hamster? Dartin' Martin? Pretty good, but it's more of an adjective than a name.
Around Tampa Bay, we have laughed at nicknames before. We've seen Batman and the Sandman and the Throwin' Samoan, Kenyatta the Piñata and Toast and Hardware, Acab Talib and Iggy Pop and the Crime Dog, Big Game James and Zorilla.
D-Rex?
The Dougernaut?
Dynamite Doug?
If there is one Martin likes, he can have it. Tampa Bay fans will simply leave it in the end zone for him to pick up.
Listen to Gary Shelton weekdays from 10 a.m. until 2 p.m. at 98.7-FM the Fan.March 4th, 2013
Leo Villareal, whose installation Cosmos opened in October 2012 at the Johnson Museum of Art, has completed his most ambitious project to date: The Bay Lights, illuminating the West Span of the San Francisco Bay Bridge for its 75th anniversary.
Watch a live video webcast of the grand lighting ceremony on Tuesday, March 5 here (8:30 PM PST).
Read more about the project at the Wall Street Journal.
Connect Facebook | Twitter | foursquare | Instagramhorse.com > Western Saddles & Tack > Western Bits & Bit Guards > Item # E003241
promotional Breakaway Nylon Halter
Starting at: $56.99
Defender Funny Face Fly Mask w/Ears
Starting at: $17.99
Triple E Cordura Square Trail Pad
Starting from: $84.99
Triple E Nylon Braided Trail Rein
Starting from: $26.99 from: $67.99
Circle Y Basketweave Browband Headstall
Starting from: $51.99
Circle Y Trail Rein
Royal King Basic Show Headstall Set
Starting at: $46.A security guard kidnapped by the Taliban was apparently killed as US special forces neared his hideaway on a search and rescue mission, an inquest heard yesterday. David John Addison, 46, from Warminster, Wiltshire, was ambushed as he drove along a road in Farah province on August 31 2005. The body of the former Royal Green Jackets staff sergeant was found on September 5. His throat had been slit repeatedly. Swindon coroner David Masters recorded a verdict of unlawful killing. He also expressed regret at the lack of assistance provided by US forces during his inquiry.
Press Association
Napoli broken up by third round of explosives
Explosives split apart the grounded MSC Napoli yesterday as part of a £50m salvage operation off Sidmouth on Devon's World Heritage coast. Thirty minutes after the smoke from the cutting charges dispersed it was clear the stern section had finally come apart from the larger bow area after the third round of blasts in two days. A tug began towing the bow section into deeper water, while the stern, including the accommodation block, remains grounded. A large boom was in position to catch any oil which may leak from the vessel. The Napoli was grounded in January during a storm.
Press Association
Britain's biggest butterfly project launched
Britain's biggest ever butterfly conservation project was launched yesterday aimed at reversing the decline of the species. Three woodland areas will be used to encourage species, such as the pearl-bordered fritillary, at Rother Woods, near Rye in East Sussex, at Derge Woods near Canterbury and at Tytherley Woods on the Hampshire-Wiltshire border. Total expenditure on the three-year South East Woodlands Project will be close to £900,000. The pearl-bordered fritillary is down by two-thirds over the past 30 years while the Duke of Burgundy is down by a half.
Press Association
Texting driver gets four years for crash death
A teenager who texted a friend while driving at up to 70mph moments before she ploughed into and killed a 64-year-old woman was sentenced to four years' detention in a young offenders' institution yesterday. Rachel Begg, 19, of Ponteland, Northumberland, who admitted causing death by dangerous driving, hit Maureen Waites's car on the A696 near Newcastle airport at about 11.20pm on a wet night. Mrs Waites, of Wingate, Co Durham, died instantly. Begg suffered neck injuries. Checks found she had made and received calls, as well as sending and reading messages as she drove.
Press Association
Harman eighth in cabinet to admit trying cannabis
Deputy Labour leader Harriet Harman yesterday became the latest government minister to admit smoking cannabis while at university. "I did, when I was at university, smoke cannabis once or twice," she told GMTV. She said she had not smoked it since, adding: "I have indulged in the odd glass of wine but not cannabis." She is the eighth cabinet minister to admit using cannabis in their youth, after an admission by the home secretary, Jacqui Smith, sparked a string of similar confessions. The prime minister, Gordon Brown, announced a review of the classification of cannabis on Wednesday.
Press Association
Pupils suspended over girls' fight on YouTube
Three pupils have been suspended after mobile phone footage of two girls fighting at a school was placed on the YouTube website. A teenage boy is understood to have recorded the incident at Hayling College, Hayling Island, Hampshire, which involved two year 10 girls, and posted it on the website. Headteacher Max Bullough said he was unhappy that YouTube had allowed the footage, which was viewed by more than 1,000 people before it was taken off by the site's regulators. A YouTube spokeswoman said it would remove any inappropriate video that would incite violence.
Press Association
Terrorism alert after container find
The arrest of an Afghan man in Bristol sparked a terrorist alert after police found two 25-litre containers marked hydrogen peroxide, it emerged yesterday. Officers found the drums on searching the man's flat. They also arrested a second man found there on suspicion of terrorist offences. As they were held at separate police stations, the drums were being analysed to discover whether they contain hydrogen peroxide, used in bomb making. A police spokesman said: "Our top priority is public safety, [we] are undertaking an extensive investigation." The two men were later released without charge.
Hugh Muir10/30/2009 (10:20 pm)
Is Abortion Genocide?
Research published by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) a few weeks ago notes that abortions killed more African-Americans than the 7 next highest causes of death combined. (You can read the actual report here; the link points directly to Table 9, which shows the relevant statistics.).
States are not required to report abortion statistics by race (not required to report them at all, in fact.) Abortion statistics by race were only available for 36 states; among those missing were California, Florida, Illinois, Louisiana, and New York outside of New York City. Also, abortions performed by private physicians were not reported to the CDC. Consequently, the 203,991 abortions reported among blacks by the CDC was far lower than the actual number. And still, it was enough to swamp all other causes of death among African-Americans.
Abortion is arguably the most favored “right” among social liberals in America, for reasons about which one can only guess because they’re never candid about it. When Al Gore attempted a rousing speech at the 2000 Democratic convention, the only sound bite that earned him more than meager applause was his full-throated defense of legal abortions. And President Obama, whose measures to nationalize and over-regulate American industry have come at a breath-taking pace, and who has several times directed federal favors in the direction of his union buddies and contributors, took some of his earliest Presidential steps to expand the number of legal abortions — a direction that those of us who actually did our homework about Obama fully expected. Democrats claim that they really don’t like abortions, that nobody really wants them, that steps should be taken to keep abortions rare, but that they must be kept legal to protect women. None of these statements are believable, particularly the last, since recent surveys reveal that women feel pressured to have an abortion in almost 2/3 of actual abortions, and that violence by spouses, boyfriends, and significant others against women rises dramatically when the women are pregnant. But most Democrats scrabble frantically for reasons to reject facts that make abortion seem like a bad bet for women; they’ve been unwilling even to consider the now-voluminous evidence demonstrating serious health effects from abortions. Something other than the safety of women motivates them. They won’t say what it is.
Whatever the motivation, abortion in America seems fiendishly targeted at blacks. Black women have abortions between 3 and 5 times more frequently than white women, depending on which study you’re reading, and nearly half of all black pregnancies end in abortion. Alveda King, niece of the Rev. Martin Luther King, reports that fully 1/4 of the blacks in America have been eliminated by way of abortion. Speaking at the unveiling of a monument to her uncle, King noted:
.”
Planned Parenthood, furthermore, apparently targets black neighborhoods and schools as locations for its offices. The black-created anti-abortion group LEARN, the Life Education and Resource Network, reports that nearly 80% of Planned Parenthood’s clinics are located in or near minority neighborhoods. Author George Grant, quoted in LEARN’s article about Margaret Sanger’s Negro project, observes that PP’s school-based clinics show an even stronger emphasis on the lower classes:
Grant observed the same game plan 20 years ago. “During the 1980s when Planned Parenthood shifted its focus from community-based clinics to school-based clinics, it again targeted inner-city minority neighborhoods,” he writes. “Of the more than 100 school-based clinics that have opened nationwide in the last decade [1980s], none has been at substantially all-white schools,” he adds. “None has been at suburban middle-class schools. All have been at black, minority or ethnic schools.”
One might take this to be a macabre manifestation of profit motive — they’ll make more money by placing clinics where the people seek abortions the most — if it were not the case that the founder of Planned Parenthood, Margaret Sanger, voiced her intent to introduce legal abortion specifically to reduce the black population. Sanger, an early 20th century adherent of Malthusian eugenics, felt that the solution to the poverty and suppression of Negroes was to reduce their numbers by means of birth control. While the quotations from her works suggesting a racist motive could be interpreted other ways, it is simply a fact that Sanger favored the reduction of the Negro population, and initiated in 1939 what she called The Negro Project, aimed at reducing the birth rate among poorer, less educated blacks as a means of reducing poverty and “improving human stock.” In the best tradition of American liberalism, there is ample evidence that Sanger felt the reduction of the black population was necessary for their own good, as well as for the good of the nation. So blacks should thank her, you see. [/sarc]
It is hard to imagine that modern staff at Planned Parenthood still share the opinions of its founder. However, it is equally hard to imagine that an organization specifically founded 80 years ago to reduce the black population, is doing exactly that today entirely by accident. There’s something in the abortion agenda that seems distinctly targeted toward blacks. American liberals claim to be eager to extract every hint of institutional racism from American culture; for them to ignore the racism embedded in legalized abortion proves that they’ve got some bigger agenda that supersedes their concern about racism.
We see the same inverted priorities in the arena of education. Vouchered education programs consistently help inner-city parents find decent education for their children. Democrats routinely defeat vouchered education programs, though; it was even reported earlier this year that President Obama’s Education Dept. deliberately obscured the results of research proving the value of a DC voucher program until after Congress had voted not to continue the program. Political common sense attributes this to the Democrats’ reliance on teacher’s unions to win elections.
It’s not that Democrats hate blacks; it’s simply that they don’t care nearly as much about them as they do about some other things. Whenever they have bigger fish to fry, they’ll fry them first. In the case of abortion, it appears to be something as banal and infantile as the desire to have unrestrained sex: none of the reasons they actually offer hold water, and the real reason has to be something a) very personal that b) they would prefer not to admit. Sex fits the bill. In the case of education, it’s simply a matter of political reality; Democrats need political power to do all the wonderful things they plan to do, so they have to cozy up to the groups that will produce votes. If that means millions of black kids have to attend horrible schools where they’ll be bullied, shot at, and kept ignorant and poor… oh, well, it’s nothing personal, folks, it’s just politics. Blacks have shown that they will vote for Democrats regardless of what the Democrats do, so Democrats never feel the need to serve their interests.
This would explain, also, why Democrats have been so utterly vicious towards black conservatives. There are truly only two places in modern America where one can still hear hard-core racist talk. One is in the black community, where some blacks routinely hurl racist epithets at white folks. The other is among liberal writers writing about black conservatives. They do it, apparently, because if blacks ever figure out how damaging Democratic policies are for the black community, the Democrats will never be able to win another election… ever. So, they have to bully them to stay in line. Not because they hate blacks, you see, but because they can’t afford to have them leave the planta… uh, the reservation.
Did I say that? Oops.
The Democratic party’s disdain for the black community is one of the most disturbing elements of the modern political scene, and also one of the most frequently ignored. I do not know how they get away with it. If the Republican party had a clue, they’d be sending organizers into every black district in America reciting the facts I’ve included in this article. And those facts would tell a frightening tale: that whether deliberately or accidentally, liberal abortion policies are producing a holocaust among black Americans. It may not be specifically racist, but it certainly appears to be effective genocide.
Print publication: Monday, Dec. 23
Portland Center Stage
I found superior customer service at Portland Center Stage’s Gerding Theater at the Armory, in Northwest Portland. My being from out of town and not accustomed to long delays on the inbound Sunset Highway last Thursday evening caused me and my family to miss the 7:30 p.m. “Santaland Diaries” play.
The staff not only called the following Monday to ask why they found our (pre-paid) tickets in will-call, but in addition, Paul Stavish awarded us with complimentary tickets to use in the future.
I find that outstanding. Thank you.
Todd Young
Lincoln City
‘Duck Dynasty’
Submit a letter
Email us at letters@oregonian.com. Please limit your letter to 150 words and include your home address and phone number for verification. You can also mail or fax us.
or
Regarding the article “Phil Robertson suspended from ‘Duck Dynasty’” (Dec. 19): What a fresh idea.
When I was raising my family, all my kids heard about on the news was President Bill Clinton and his behavior with an intern.
This was talked about daily on the radio and television, and in print. Weeks and weeks went by. There was no hiding it from my children, ranging in age from 2 to 15 at the time.
But he didn’t lose his show.
I respect Phil Robertson’s gutsy morals. He can handle the heat.
Wayne Mayo
Scappoose
Eastern Oregon
Sen. Ron Wyden’s eastern Oregon logging bill runs roughshod over the collaborative planning efforts of local elected officials, timber industry representatives and conservationists to develop ecologically and economically sound forest management plans for eastside forests (“Both sides bash Wyden forest bill,” Dec. 20). Their efforts are producing results, not lawsuits. The senator’s bill will usurp the hard work of the people who care the most about these forests.
The bill also ignores the latest science about eastside forests, which was presented at a conference in Pendleton earlier this month. The conference brought together leading scientists, local officials, timber industry advocates and conservationists. The science was clear: Some forests are dry and overgrown after decades of fire suppression. But many are high and moist, not overgrown, and don’t need “restoration.”
Sen. Wyden, give the forest collaboratives in eastern Oregon a chance to come up with solutions that work for the economy and the environment. Don’t impose a Washington, D.C. solution.
Pete Sandrock
Southeast Portland
Sandrock is secretary of the Hells Canyon Preservation Council.The women’s golf team finished eighth of 17 teams at the Dr. Thompson Rainbow Tournament during spring break.
From March 17 to March 19, the team competed at the Kaneohe Kipper Golf Course in Kaneohe, Hawaii. The 54 hole competition featured a 92-player field on the 5829-yard, par-72 course.
Nationally ranked No. 5 University of Southern California captured first place with a total score of 897 strokes. The University of Arizona, currently third in the country, took second place with a score of 911. Rollins College finished third with a score of 922. Yale scored 964 to come in eighth.
The competition at the tournament greatly varied, featuring top-ranked teams such as Arizona and Southern California as well as other schools such as Arkansas Tech. Yale was the only Ivy League school to compete and one of the few private schools. Other teams included Kansas State, Nebraska, Kentucky, Minnesota and Wichita State.
Although four of the five top individual players came from Arizona and USC, some of Yale’s players finished strongly. While top finisher Mikaela Parmlid of USC averaged a 73, Yale’s Jordanna Davis ’03, Jeehae Lee ’06 and January Romero ’06 shot seven strokes above par at 79.
Weather definitely favored Arizona and USC. The meet was USC’s third tournament and second win of the spring. But it was just Yale’s first spring tournament.
“It was obvious by the standings that they (USC and Arizona) had been prepared with more tournament play, but that is the luxury of having 75-degree weather in January,” Lauren Ressler ’06 said.
Heavy winds in Hawaii toward the final round slightly affected many teams.
The Dr. Thompson Rainbow Tournament gave the Elis a chance to compete against tougher opponents than their regular Ivy League rivals. But the tournament was not about trying to beat out the nation’s best.
“What’s important on the spring trip is that we feel more in shape, confident in our games, united as a team, and excited about the Ivy Championship,” Davis said.
Despite its eighth place finish, the team is not worried about this season because its competition was against large state schools with very different golf programs.
“Our preparation for the Ivy Championship isn’t focused on comparing ourselves to the Dukes and Stanfords of the women’s college golf world,” Davis said.
With one tournament under their belts, the Bulldogs are ready for their next two tournaments in the South. The team will compete in Baton Rouge, La., April 4 to April 6 at the LSU Invitational followed by the Lady Dukes Invitational in Harrisonburg, Va., the next week. Both tournaments will give the team an opportunity to hone their skills before the Ivy League Championship April 25 to April 27.glassfish v2 and deployment
By hzhang on Sep 17, 2007
Glassfish v2 is released today! Aside from providing various support for the glassfish internal components (JBI etc), the main focus for deployment in v2 has been user experience:
Faster deployment: We have improved deployment performance in several ways, especially in the web redeployment area.
More diagnostic error messages: We now provide diagnostic error messages for the most common error use cases.
One highlight in v2 on the user experience is to address the windows locking problem. In v1, one complaint we often heard about is redeployment or undeployment failing due to windows locking. And Tim has written a quite useful tool to diagnose the cause of the file locking. In v2, we have taken a significant further step to address/alleviate this type of problem from the glassfish server side and we have heard great feedback about this!
Another thing that's worth mentioning is we have provided support to integrate with MyEclipse in v2, and now users can deploy to glassfish through MyEclipse (via auto directory deployment). be an opening performance by jazz pianist and singer Ariel Pocock, a University of Miami sophomore.
The annual Valentine’s Day Concert at the Deering Estate at Cutler offers guests the opportunity to celebrate their love at a romantic, outdoor concert under the stars on the edge of Biscayne Bay. Guests are welcome to bring blankets, lawn chairs, and small picnic baskets, but no coolers are permitted. Refreshments and food will be available for an additional fee. Ms. Cheezious and gastroPod food trucks will be onsite as well as Crepemaker..
Concert tickets are $20 and can be purchased online for an additional fee or by calling the Deering Estate Ticket Office at 305- 235-1668, ext. 233. The ticket office is open daily from 10-day celebration features literary, visual and performance art at the historic estate.
Some of the events and programs include a curated exhibition, Speak Now, which places artistic interjections throughout the grounds; one-night only art events; classical and chamber ensemble concerts; a Curator’s tour, and a spectacular closing Red Carpet Wrap-Up are just some of the cultural experiences offered.
ForSynopsis
You can read this item using any of the following Kobo apps and devices:
- DESKTOP
- eREADERS
- TABLETS
- IOS
- ANDROID
- BLACKBERRY
- WINDOWSScott Steiner
To get Scott Steiner merchandise, visit ShopTNA.com
Height: 6'1 Weight: 276 pounds
From: Detroit, Michigan
Finishing Move: The Steiner Recliner
Known as "Big Poppa Pump", Scott Steiner is regarded as one of the most dangerous athletes in professional wrestling. This former multi-time World Champion has dominated everywhere he has competed around the world, as a singles star or with his brother Rick Steiner as the legendary Steiner Brothers tag team. Steiner has competed outside of the world of professional wrestling including in college. Steiner wrestled in the NCAA at the University of Michigan where he was always a top contender in his class. It was following this that Steiner took his skills to the professional wrestling ring and hasn’t looked back since.Doodler, lifelong learner
Photos of giulia.forsythe (49)
giulia.forsythe's favorite photos from other Flickr members (939)
Following (194)
Groups (13)
- Sunflower seed sharers 121 photos, 18 members
- Visual Thinkers Toronto 19 photos, 7 members
- eLearning & Digital Cultures MOOC 292 photos, 261 members
- UnPlugd12 890 photos, 33 members
- DS106 1,638 photos, 133 members
- vizthink! 2,106 photos, 287 members
- Educational Technology Images 62 photos, 9 members
- Graphic Facilitation Recording 696 photos, 89 members
- unplugd11 763 photos, 34 members
- Kinda Bloop Group 3 photos, 3 members
- CBC Radio 3 64,071 photos, 1,734 members
- towel day - tribute to Douglas Adams 1,304 photos, 1,095 members
- Brock University 322 photos, 29 members
Testimonials (0)
giulia.forsythe doesn't have any testimonials yet.
- Name:
- Giulia Forsythe
- Joined:
- December 2004
- Website:
- Giulia Forsythe dot CA<<
Coat of Many Colors Hooded Long Jacket
From $44.95
Gives $5 To Nepal
From $6.00
Special Value!
$14.95
Purple Paw Women's Casual Shorts
From $13.99
On Sale!
Dogs Leave Paw Prints Resin Garden Stone
From $14.00
Special Value!
From $17.99
On Sale!
Just Believe Dragonfly Lightweight Pullover Hoodie
From $32.00
On Sale!
From $11.00
Special Value!
Festival Cats Kitchen Towels - Set of 2
From $12.00
Special Value!
Classic Paw Print Bathroom Set
$5.80
Outlet!
Brushed Sky Long Sleeve Tunic
From $19.99
Special Value!
Cattitude Patchwork Hobo Bag
$24.95
Only Speaking To My Cat Hooded Sweatshirt
From $39.95
Men's Beach Treader Water Shoes
$2.80
Outlet!
From $9.99
On Sale!
$24.95
More colors available...
Purple Paw & Rhinestones Top
From $29.95
From $3.99
On Sale!
Made with Love Measuring Spoons
From $6.00
Special Value!
Purple Paws & Hearts Lightweight Pajama Set
From $34.95
$39.95
Buy a Pair, Give a Pair!
Buy a Pair, Give a Pair!
From $19.95
Gives $5 To Nepal<<
Adopted & Adored™ Dog Magnet Notepad
From $6.95
From $29.95
$6.95
Feed and Care for a Rescued Horse
From $1.00
Only Speaking To My Dog Tank Top
From $12.99
On Sale!
Peruvian Sterling Cat & Dog Necklace
From $19.95
9 Lives Dean Russo Cat Tee
$26.95
Save An Acre of Rainforest for Sumatran Wildlife
From $3.41
DONATIONS WILL BE MATCHED!
Purple Paw Puffy Slippers
$16.95
Love Starts Here Purple Paw Bag
From $14.99
On Sale!
$28.95
Embellished Waterfall Sleeveless Tunic
From $26.99
On Sale!
Drink Wine & Pet My Dog Hooded Sweatshirt
From $34.95
Twilight Embroidered Sleeveless Tunic
$22.95
One of our favorites!
Classic Paw Retractable Lanyard
From $5.95
$29.95
From $10.00
Special Value!
Solid Plum Purple Paw Jacket
From $34.95
Buy a Coat, Give a Coat!
To The Moon & Back Dog T-Shirt
From $12.00
On Sale!
Women's Paw Print Fleece Vest
From $23.95
From $14.95BRISTOL, Tenn. - King College knows the path in the NCCAA Mid-East Region Women's Soccer Tournament as the Lady Tornado opens with a semifinal contest against Covenant (Ga.) College Friday at 6:30 p.m.
The Lady Tornado will take a No. 3 seed and a 5-12 record to play No. 2 seed Covenant in a contest played at Campbellsville (Ky.) University. Campbellsville has the top seed and plays No. 4 seed Tennessee Temple University at 4 p.m. in the other semifinal.
Friday's semifinal winners will battle Saturday in a 6 p.m. championship meeting. The region tournament winner earns an automatic bid to the NCCAA Division I Women's Soccer National Tournament to be contested Dec. 1-4 in Kissimmee, Fla.
King has not played any of the three teams in the region tournament this season.
The Lady Tornado has a 2-6 record in matches outside of Bristol this season and the two wins have been in the last three road contests. One of the wins came the last time King played, a 2-1 victory at North Greenville (S.C.) University on Nov. 6.
Last season King played at Covenant on Oct. 10 and Covenant escaped with a 2-1 decision. The Lady Tornado's 2009 season came to an end after a 2-1 NCCAA Mid-East Region semifinal defeat at the hands of Campbellsville.
Covenant comes into the postseason with a 10-6-1 record after a 2-1 loss on Wednesday at Birmingham Southern (Ala.) College. The Lady Scots come in with a 4-4 record away from home this season after going 3-8-4 a season ago away from Lookout Mountain.
King owns a 5-2-1 record against Covenant since the start of the 2006 season.
The only meeting between any of the four teams in the event this season was Campbellsville traveling to Covenant on Sept. 4, a contest won by Covenant 1-0.
2010 NCCAA Mid-East Region Women's Soccer Tournament
Friday, Nov. 19
4 p.m. - (1) Campbellsville vs. (4) Tennessee Temple
6:30 p.m. - (2) Covenant vs. (3) King
Saturday, Nov. 20
6 p.m. - Semifinal WinnersTo try the thousands of add-ons available here, download Mozilla Firefox, a fast, free way to surf the Web!Close
this is my favourite add-on, but i have to say, too: 4 'recently selected' items is not enough.This review is for a previous version of the add-on (1.2.2).
Could you remove the two horizontal bars in top and bottom of the icons?
It doesn't look good if you have personas activated.
Nice, but I'd like this in red, please...This review is for a previous version of the add-on (2.1.2).
Simply great! I was looking for something like that for a while.This review is for a previous version of the add-on (0.6.20090630).
oh ignore my last posting. i found the name of that theme: it's strata.
I'm looking for the counterpart of this theme. Is there a theme which changes the gnome icons into their windows counterparts?
To create your own collections, you must have a Mozilla Add-ons account.
or log in to your current accountOn Wed, 2009-11-18 at 23:29 +0530, Rahul Sundaram wrote: > > Should the defaults be targeted towards home users or corporate > desktop > considering the short lifecycle of Fedora and the target audience? I > am > not sure there are corporate deployments but wouldn't they be heavily > customized their desktop deployments and kickstarting it anyway? I am not a corporation yet *I* manage the machines I have at home, and if *I* give an account to my friend foo *I* don't want him to be able to install nothing without asking me first, not even by mistake. For better of worse even desktop Linux is a multi-user system and this default is just crap and totally unnecessary given the previous version allowed you to allow a user forever explicitly and without hassles. This way I have to *fsck* remember each time to change it, this is *wrong*, it doesn't respect the basic philosophy of least surprise. I would almost consider it a security vulnerability and ask for a CVE to be issued. Simo. -- Simo Sorce * Red Hat, Inc * New YorkMrs. Cook, a native of Jefferson County, graduated from the Women's College of Georgia at Milledgeville. She married Edward Cook in 1941 and they moved to Harlem in 1952 where they lived until the 1970's. She taught at Harlem Elementary School for 20 years. After retiring, the Cooks moved to the Tucker area. She was a member of Briarlake Church.
The funeral was Aug. 25 at 3 p.m. in the chapel of A.S. Turner and Sons with Dr. J. Hoffman Harris officiating. Burial was in Floral Hills Memory Gardens.
Survivors include her children, Faye C. Wainscott, Raleigh, N.C., Kaye V. Cook, Iswich, Mass., and James F. Cook, Atlanta; and five grandchildren.
Memorials may be made to either Annie Armstrong Offering, North American Mission Board, 4200 North Point Parkway, Alpharetta, GA 30022, or the Lottie Moon Offering, International Mission Board, 3806 Monument Ave., Richmond, VA 23230.
Charles Henry Koss
Mr. Charles Henry Koss, 68, of Wrens died Thursday, Aug. 22, 2002, at his residence.
Mr. Koss was a retired meat cutter at Hadden's in Wrens and attended the Church of God.
The funeral was Aug. 26 at James Funeral Home Chapel with the Rev. Terry Addis officiating. Burial was in Westview Cemetery, Augusta.
Survivors include his wife, Joyce Koss; four sons, David A. Koss, Hogansville, William A. Koss, Greenville, Ronald Conner, Wrens, and William Conner, Summerville; three daughters, Carlyn "Kitty" Reynolds, Blythe, Melody Baughman and Geneva Arlene Shaw, Tenn.; two brothers, James Koss and Edward Koss; two sisters, Edna Baggott and Betty Goggins, both of S.C.; eight granddchild.
Pallbearers were Larry Plant, Timmy Koss, Kevin Koss, Kyle Posey, Jerry Shaw and Wendell Baughman.
Dera Usry Jones
Mrs. Dera Usry Jones, 83, of Wrens died Saturday, Aug. 24, 2002.
Mrs. Jones was a homemaker. She was a member of Wrens Baptist Church and the Fidelis Sunday School Class. She was preceded in death by her husband of 60 years, Mr. George Bennett Jones.
The funeral was Aug. 26 at 11 a.m. at Wrens Baptist Church with the Rev. Race Lariscy officiating. Burial was in the Wrens Memorial Gardens Cemetery.
Survivors include two daughters, Susan (Mark R.) Komich, Thomson, and Lanie Jones Wilson, Augusta; one sister, Venera U. (C.S.) Anderson, Avera; five grandchildren, J. Atticus Hutchinson III, Elizabeth Jones Sisson, Albert H. Dallas III, John Hatcher Sisson Jr. and Susan Joy Dallas; and four caregivers, Mildred Gilliam, Julie Gilliam, Edith Gilliam and Larry Milton.
Pallbearers were J. Atticus Hutchinson III, Albert H. Dallas III, John Hatcher Sisson Jr., James G. Brown, Roy F. Chalker, C. Dean Hadden, George T. Stapleton Jr. and George T. Stapleton III.
Memorials may be made to Wrens Baptist Church, 500 North Main Street, Wrens, Ga. 30833 or to Pleasant Grove Baptist Church, 1350 Church Street, Avera, Ga. 30803.
James Funeral Home was in charge of the arrangements.
Quinten George Gresham Sr.
Mr. Quinten George Gresham Sr. of Keysville died Monday, Aug. 19, 2002, at the Georgia War Veterans Nursing Home, Augusta.
Mr. Greshem, a native of Keysville, Burke County, lived most of his life in Augusta. He was a graduate of Boggs Academy, Keysville, where he was well known for his skills in basketball and baseball. After graduation from Boggs, he served as a sergeant in the Army. Mr. Gresham was a United States Army veteran of World War II. He received the World War II Victory Medal, Good Conduct Medal, American Service Medal, Philippine Liberation Medal with 1 Bronze Star, Asiatic-Pacific Service Medal with 2 Bronze Stars and the American Defense Service Medal. He retired from civil service as upholsterer at Fort Gordon. Mr. Gresham was a member of John I. Blackburn Presbyterian Church, Keysville, where he was an elder. He was an active member of Keysville Concerned Citizens and proudly wore the distinguished title "the first Gentleman of Keysville." He was an avid hunter and fisherman.
The funeral was Aug. 24 at 11 a.m. at John I. Blackburn Presbyterian Church, Keysville, with the Rev. Scottie Swinney officiating. Burial was in Mt. Tabor A.M.E. Church Cemetery, Keysville.
Survivors include his wife, Mayor Emma R. Gresham; two sons, Rev. Quinten (Carolyn) Gresham Jr., Stone Mountain and Harold (Sharon) Gresham, Augusta; three daughters, Rev. LaVerne (Charles) Comer, Augusta, Lola Russell, Stone Mountain, and Kay (Carlos) Gresham Morrison, Griffin; stepson, Thomas (Lola) Clark, Augusta; daughter-in-law, Emma H. Gresham, Austell; three adopted sons, The Honorable Tyrone (Mary) Brooks, Atlanta, Sammy Hughes and Rev. James (Alberta) Clark, Waynesboro; two brothers-in-laws, Presiding Elder Herman (Ann) Rhodes, Philadelphia, Pa., and Robert Jackson Sr., Jacksonville, Fla.; twelve grandchildren and six great grandchildren.
Memorials may be made to Georgia War Veterans Nursing Home, 1101 15th Street, Augusta, GA 3001.
Pallbearers were Quinten Gresham III, Harold Gresham II, Thomas "Gene" Carter, James Taitt, Dwyne Twiggs, Robert Jackson Jr., James Jackson Sr. and Clarence Jackson.
Honorary pallbearers were Jameson Russell, Steven McCray, Curtis Peoples Jr., Kenneth Reaves Jr. Richard Cohen, Jerome Little, Randolph Douse, Thomas Benefield, John Carter Jr. Marvin Rhodes, James Lee, Beotis Clark Sr., Nebraska Robinson and Michael Searles.
Williams Funeral Home, Hephzibah, was in charge of the arrangements.
Olin Downs
Mr. Olin Downs, 81, of Mitchell died Saturday, Aug. 24, 2002, at Doctors Hospital, Augusta.
Mr. Downs, a native of Glascock County, was an Army veteran of World War II. He was a member of Bethelem Baptist Church.
The funeral was Aug. 26 at 3 p.m. at Bethelem Baptist Church in Warthen with the Revs. Tim Powell and Lester Clark officiating. Burial was in the Friendship Baptist Church Cemetery, Mitchell.
Survivors include his son, David K. Downs, Thomson; and two grandchildren.
Pallbearers were Richard Downs, Tildon Downs, Robert Downs, David Downs, Lloyd McDonald and Don Kitchens.
Honorary pallbearers were the deacons of Bethelem Baptist Church.
Sheppard Funeral Home was in charge of the arrangements.
Annie Pearl Perdue Craig
Mrs. Annie Pearl Perdue Craig, 81, of Selma, Ala., died Tuesday, Aug. 13, 2002.
Mrs. Craig, formerly of Glascock County, was a volunteer at the library for over 20 years. She was preceded in death by three brothers, Lester Perdue, William Perdue and Ralph Perdue.
The funeral was Aug. 15 at 11 a.m. in the chapel of Lawrence Funeral Home with the Rev. Doug Chappelle officiating. Burial was in Pineview Memory Gardens Cemetery.
Survivors include her husband, Lawrence E. Craig; a sister, Betty Lou Perdue Dixon; and numerous nieces and nephews.
Pallbearers were David Hulsey, Keith Dixon, David Dixon, R.C. Oglesby, Loyce Dixon and Gregory Hawkins.
Honorary pallbearers were Ed Green, Warren Carriveau, George Young, Bill Adkins, Doyle Dixon, Jim Carroll, Coy Head, Billy Hogg, J.T. Miller, Leon Rather, Jerry Young and Ken Beam..Hey girls!! I'm sad to say that this is my final blog to all of you. I want to start this off by thanking all of you for keeping up with me and for supporting me. When I first started blogging, I never thought I would be able to stick with it and really get myself into shape. But whenever I lacked in confidence, you all provided it. The comments you girls made boosted me up and made this experience so much less difficult. I want to thank you for that.
When I look back at when I first started, I never thought I would actually see a difference in myself, but I have definitely gotten more toned, and I'm in better shape. I also eat extremely healthy out of habit now, and I love it. I am always so full of energy and I feel great! I am most definitely going to continue working out and eating the right way; I plan to stick with my routine and keep myself in shape.
If getting healthy was possible for me, then it is possible for every girl out there who wants to get in shape, or stay that way. Everyone has the power to be who she wants to be, so get out there and do it!
xoxo
NicoleIIS Included on Windows XP Pro OEM??
Discussion in 'ASP General' started by hstockbridge5@hot
Returning unicode and oem data through a DataSet >>??Paul, Jan 25, 2004, in forum: ASP .Net
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 433
- Paul
- Jan 25, 2004
OEM character set issueLadvánszky Károly, Oct 28, 2005, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 314
- Kent Johnson
- Oct 28, 2005
ansi to oem conversion with borland C3.1, Feb 17, 2006, in forum: C Programming
- Replies:
- 3
- Views:
- 705
- Jack Klein
- Feb 18, 2006
port Win app to Linux Questions: Memory management and OEM Charvansky, Jan 13, 2006, in forum: C++
- Replies:
- 7
- Views:
- 625
- JustBoo
- Jan 13, 2006
"Failed to access IIS metabase" error after upgrading Windows 2000 Pro to Windows XP ProWayne Erfling, Nov 18, 2006, in forum: ASP .Net Security
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 431
- Wayne Erfling
- Nov 18, 2006BOOK REVIEW: Assassin’s Code by Jonathan Maberry
REVIEW SUMMARY: Joe Ledger vs. Vampires in his best adventure yet.
MY RATING:
BRIEF SYNOPSIS: On a top secret mission in Iran, Joe Ledger and Echo Team get news of a threat to global security. Joe must fight on the run with limited support and intelligence if he is going to save the day.
MY REVIEW
PROS: Joe Ledger, the villains (for once!), high velocity action, dark revelations, cool vampires.
CONS: Rudy freaking Sanchez.
BOTTOM LINE: Easily the best Joe Ledger Novel to date.
Assassin’s Code by Jonathan Maberry is the fourth book in the Joe Ledger Novels, a series that I have mad love for. The series is like Resident Evil without the awful dialogue and shoddy plotting. It’s like the hit FOX thriller 24 but with Bond Villains. It’s like Larry Correia’s Monster Hunter series with a focus on science instead of the supernatural. And Assassin’s Code? It’s like all that with a dose of Dan Brown’s The Da Vinci Code. This is a freaking awesome book. Seriously, if you read my review of The King of Plagues and had any doubts about this series please just do yourself a favor and go buy all four books. Forget about reading this review, just go buy all four books and start reading. Thank me later.
When Iran kidnaps a few American college kids hiking along in the wilderness and accuses them of being spies, who ya gonna call? Joe Ledger and Echo Team. After a successful rescue Joe has an unexpected meeting with one of the vilest scumbags in Iranian politics. Joe is tipped off about the existence of several nuclear bombs planted in Middle Eastern oil fields and asked for help. Rushing against the clock to prevent the detonation of these weapons of mass destruction, Joe finds himself caught in the crossfire of a shadow war. A centuries old conflict, waged by super assassins and brought about by a wicked pact. Can Joe and the DMS prevent nuclear holocaust?
So let me start by saying, WOW. Assassin’s Code is the real deal. Easily the best book in the series to date. As much as I love Patient Zero, this one is a step above in terms of sheer awesome. Joe seems to finally be getting over his mopey phase. As far as protagonists of thrillers go, Joe Ledger gets top marks for being distinctive. Sure there are plenty of smart mouths in the genre but you will not find another hero with such a fractured psyche. Underneath Joe’s wisecracking veneer is a haunted man. Constantly forced to juggle three personalities (the modern man, the cop, and the warrior) Joe must keep his dark side on a leash or lose himself entirely. A new element is introduced to the Joe Ledger formula in this book; fear. Joe is running scared, still lethal, but truly afraid for what seems like the first time and it is great. Here is a quote that perfectly encapsulates this:
…”
How is the supporting cast doing? Ghost, Joe’s K9 companion is awesome as ever. I forgot to mention Ghost during my last review and for that I am greatly ashamed. I love this dog and his relationship with Joe. Maberry does an excellent job of giving Ghost character and after reading Assassin’s Code I think everyone will understand why dog is a man’s best friend. Unfortunately we don’t see as much of Top Sims or Bunny as I would like but we do get more (very vague) glimpses into Church’s past. Rudy is far less irritating in this book and for that I am thankful, though he does utter his catchphrase “Dios Mio!” several times at least. As far as new characters go we are introduced to Violin, the mysterious femme fatale and I have to say that I approve. Violin is equal parts young, innocent, intriguing, and utterly deadly. I’m eager to see more of her but I’m hoping against hope that Maberry doesn’t rush the romantic interest aspect.
One of the problems I have had with the series so far has been the villains. They tread the line between truly evil and cartoony in their motives. Assassin’s Code has the best villains of the series to date, even though some of them are returning faces. I was anxious to see how Maberry would handle vampires. The vampires of Assassin’s Code are probably the best use of blood suckers in modern fiction. They just make sense. The myths and legends are present, some true and some false but all are explained in a scientific manner. They are fearsome and brutal and I dig it.
Plot ahoy! So there are a lot of moving pieces to the Assassin’s Code and it may seem a bit jumbled at first. Readers will wonder who is who and works for what and is allies with who else. This is okay. Readers aren’t the only ones confused. Joe and DMS is too. It’s not an accident of bad writing, it is deliberate. Eventually it all comes together rather nicely. The shocking, Dan Brown-esque secret of the book is epic. Truly chilling and world shaking. The pacing is relentless as ever, told from the first person perspective of Joe Ledger and the third person perspective of good guys and baddies. Short chapters make for speed reading and the excitement never lets up.
Lastly we come to action. Maberry knows how to write action. Fight scenes are brutal, visceral, primal. Readers feel every blow, hear every shot fired. Joe’s initial run in with a Red Knight had me cringing with every hit. It’s beautiful in a chaotic, ugly, grotesque sort of way. I have to wonder though, if it would kill Joe to carry a long gun as well as his side arm. Hardly professional. Minor nitpick aside, you can expect fierce action from Assassin’s Code.
So that’s it. Great hero. Great plot. Great action. Best in series. Go buy it. Now.
Dude, this is one of my favoritist series, and it keeps getting better. Extinction Machine will blow you away 😀
Great review!!
Extinction Machine WAS good 😀 although I find Assassin’s Code to be the best of all. Can’t wait for Code Z!
Jeez I still haven’t even read Patient Zero – I will have to bump it up. I didn’t realize he had written more.
Sounds like you got some catching up to do! 😉I don't think anyone has created this thread on this board yet, right?
Well, I have the following shows coming up over the next couple of months:
-Lady Sov
-Nine Inch Nails
-The Rapture, supported by Shiny Toy Guns (I am expecting these two bands to be at Coachella this year too)
-Cold War Kids, supported by Tokyo Police Club (ditto)
-The Radio Dept. (would be nice to see them at Coachella)
Oh and in March sonicflyer are playing with a band called HEARTS OF BLACK SCIENCE, from Sweden, and I've heard great things about them, so I'll definitely check them out.Follow up for #2004428-16: Less ugly operations altering
Updated: Comment #0
Problem/Motivation.
It is ok in drupal 8.x, but in config_translation, it's not.
Proposed resolution
?
Remaining tasks
- confirm
- discuss cause
User interface changes
No.
API changes
No.
Related Issues
- mabye similar to #2004690: taxonomy page broken
Files:
Comment #1YesCT CreditAttribution: YesCT commented
I thought this #2010290: Editing a config entity from a listing page results in a 'page not found'
might help.
But it did not seem to have an effect.
Comment #2dawehner CreditAttribution: dawehner commented
This worked for me, see screenshot.
Comment #3Gábor Hojtsy CreditAttribution: Gábor Hojtsy commented
#2: config_translation-2019831-2.patch queued for re-testing.
Comment #5Gábor Hojtsy CreditAttribution: Gábor Hojtsy commented
I sent this for a test re-run to ensure it still passes with all the added new tests. Also asked @kfritsche to add test coverage to continue #2004710: Add tests for block, menu, vocabulary and views listings with adding tests here for user roles.
Comment #6Gábor Hojtsy CreditAttribution: Gábor Hojtsy commented
It only applied with a fuzz now.
Comment #7Gábor Hojtsy CreditAttribution: Gábor Hojtsy commented
Committed this one with the test coverage devised in [#3037587], yay! Hiperyay! The commit message used was:
Issue #2027587 by kfritsche, David Hernández, dawehner, YesCT: Add tests for custom blocks, contact forms, formats, shortcut listings and settings pages.; fix for user roles from #2019831 included, otherwise tests would not pass; yay
That solved needing tests.MANCHESTER, Ky. (WYMT) - Operation UNITE and law enforcement officials joined forces in Clay County Tuesday to round up more than one dozen people on drug-related charges.
Police say the drug roundup was the result of a four month undercover investigation into narcotics in Clay County. The multi-agency operation included members of the Manchester City Police, Clay County Sheriff's Office and Kentucky State Police.
"This is just another step in the drug trafficking problem that we have here. A majority of it is prescription drugs," said Clay County Sheriff Kevin Johnson.
Last week, a Clay County grand jury handed down indictments on 32 individuals faced with various drug charges. Officers worked fast to serve as many warrants as possible in a short amount of time.
Police say going out and arresting multiple people at once like this is not only efficient; it also sends a message to would-be offenders.
"The message from here today that we'd like everyone to know is if you are selling narcotics in Clay County or the City of Manchester, we're going to come after you, we're going to do everything that we can to prosecute you, and place you in jail," the sheriff said.
Operation UNITE officials praised the sting, saying law enforcement is doing everything it can to keep drugs out of Eastern Kentucky.
"The ultimate goal of Operation UNITE has always been one thing. We've arrested a lot of people but that's not our ultimate goal. Our ultimate goal is to stop the drug problem," said UNITE's director of law enforcement Paul Hays.
Officials say they hope would-be drug dealers will learn there is a better way.
As of noon Tuesday, officers had 20 people in custody. They say they plan to keep up the search until all the suspects have been captured."
Strawberry Tiramisu for Two
Strawberries add bright notes of taste and color to this multi-layered treat. Spongy ladyfingers, brushed with espresso, are blanketed with a creamy mix of mascarpone cheese, coffee liqueur and strawberries, and set into a pool of strawberry puree.
—
LMSM
Similar Recipes | More Daily Recipes
These
Fudge Truffle Cheesecake
Red Velvet Cupcakes
Ultimate Double Chocolate Cookies
Chocolate Covered Cherries
Stuffed Strawberries
Tiramisu Cheesecake
Red Velvet Cake IV
White Chocolate Cheesecake with White Chocolate Brandy Sauce
Italian Love Cake
Death By Chocolate III
Sweetheart Cupcakes
Melt In Your Mouth Toffee
Mary's Sugar Cookies
Cupcake Princess' Vanilla Cupcakes
Black Forest Cake II
Chocolate Strawberries
Pope's Valentine Cookies
Irish Cream Creme Brulee
Dawn's Easy Red Velvet Sandwich Cookies
Chef John's Chocolate Lava.PALATINE — The Palatine Park District Board on Tuesday night unanimously accepted an architect's design for a new family aquatic center at Community Park.
The center, proposed for Palatine Road and Northwest Highway, is scheduled to open for the 1999 swim season.
If the district had opted to keep the existing pools there, it would have to spend about $750,000 on upgrades and maintenance to keep the facility open--and then, for only four more years.The slate of Republican presidential hopefuls who did not qualify for the Virginia primary might get another shot. Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II plans to file emergency legislation to re-open the process to GOP candidates.
Virginia’s process has come under fire since it was announced last week that only former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney and Rep. Ron Paul (Tex.) had qualified for the ballot.
“Recent events have underscored that our system is deficient,” Cuccinelli (R) said in a statement Saturday. “Virginia owes her citizens a better process. We can do it in time for the March primary if we resolve to do so quickly.”
Neither Texas Gov. Rick Perry, Rep. Michelle Bachmann, former senator Rick Santorum nor former House speaker Newt Gingrich submitted the 10,000 signatures required to get a spot on the state’s ballot in time for Super Tuesday.
According to news reports, Cuccinelli’s plan would allow candidates who qualify for federal matching funds to go onto the state’s ballot. Perry’s campaign filed a lawsuit maintaining that he was unable to submit the required signatures because of the state’s “requirement that all petition circulators be an eligible or registered qualified voter in Virginia.”
Lawyers for Bachmann, Gingrich,.
Virginia Gov. Robert McDonnell (R) is open to reviewing the ballot requirements but said the rules are well known. “It is unfortunate that this year, for whatever reasons, some Republican candidates did not even attempt to make the Virginia ballot, while others fell short of submitting the required number of valid signatures,” McDonnell’s spokesman Tucker Martin said in a statement.
Perry and Gingrich submitted thousands of petitions to the state but did not have enough valid voter signatures to qualify.
If the lawsuit does not prevail, Cuccinelli’s emergency legislative proposal might be their only hope. His effort is also supported by some Democrats in the state, including former attorney generals Tony Troy and Steve Rosenthal.
Romney’s state chairman, Lt. Gov. Bill Bolling, said he is opposed to changing Virginia’s ballot rules in the middle of the election process.
“I understand that some people are disappointed that their favorite candidate didn’t get on the election ballot but the rules were well known to everyone, and every candidate had a chance to collect the number of valid petition signatures that are required by Virginia law,” Bolling said in a statement. “Whether you like the current system or not is a fair debate for future elections. You can’t change the rules in the middle of the game just because you don’t like the result. That doesn’t seem fair or legally correct to me.”
Staff writers Amy Gardner and Anita Kumar contributed to this report.
Category: Sports
Pick your seats! Find the hottest Manny Pacquiao Tickets right here. All tickets for Manny Pacquiao are 100% guaranteed! Your tickets will be delivered via email or FedEx to you in time for the event.
To buy Manny Pacquiao tickets, select the show from the Manny Pacquiao schedule below.
- Call 1-800-ALL-SHOWS (1-800-255-7469)
-
- Use our Contact Form
Information for Manny Pacquiao
Find floor seats, center stage tickets, Manny Pacquiao front row tickets, upper and lower level tickets, VIP seats, and premium or sold out Manny Pacquiao Tickets here. Enjoy the Manny Pacquiao with your tickets from AllShows.com Tickets. And next time you want to see Manny Pacquiao live, or any other , shop here at AllShows.com Tickets.
News & Blogs for Manny Pacquiao
join the conversation! Check out what fans have to say about Manny Pacquiao!By Graham Hunter in Barcelona
FC Barcelona go into Matchday 4 looking for revenge against AC Milan for a 1-0 defeat in their previous UEFA Champions League Group F game and hoping to demonstrate they are closing the huge gap between being a promising side and a trophy-winning unit.
Recent setbacks
Frank Rijkaard's players are painfully aware that they played with merit in Milan two weeks ago but gained nothing for their efforts. Since then they have been eliminated from the Spanish Cup by Catalan minnows UEA Gramenet and dropped two points in their chase for the Primera División title after a 1-1 draw against Athletic Club Bilbao.
Trophy drought
Having started their season in thrilling style, Barça coach and players believe that now is the moment to provide proof that they are capable of claiming the club's first trophy in six seasons. However, Rijkaard knows that former team-mate Carlo Ancelotti will send Milan out in search of a fourth win that would guarantee the Italian champions progress into the knockout stages.
Milan 'superteam'
In Deco, Barcelona have a player capable of rising to this challenge, the midfield player having won the UEFA Cup and Champions League in consecutive seasons with FC Porto. "AC Milan are a superteam and we are not," said the Brazilian-born playmaker. "The definition is teams which win things and, at the moment, we are a side which has talent, great players and are becoming a very good unit. But we are not a 'superteam'."
Quality test
"This team needs to prove its quality," Deco continued. "In Milan we played well but did not win. It is because of games like this that I chose not to move to [RC] Deportivo La Coruña from Porto when I had the chance. Instead I came to Barcelona to help them face and hopefully beat the great teams of Europe."
Home advantage
Rijkaard, meanwhile, was thinking along similar lines, saying: "Obviously we go out with the same mentality every time and that is to entertain our fans, but this time the result is everything.
Milan are a team who can come and tailor their approach any way they want. But we are at home, we must impose ourselves and we must win."
Ancelotti target
The visitors arrive in almost perfect shape, at least in terms of morale and form, with the prolific Andriy Schevchenko providing a 1-0 victory at the weekend against UC Sampdoria. But continuing with the theme of sides who have the 'killer' touch in crucial situations, Ancelotti has demanded three further points against Barcelona.
Pressure relieved
"The Camp Nou is a difficult place to win, especially given that Barcelona are playing well," he said. "But this is an opportunity to take the pressure off both of our final group games by winning.
We will not play calculated football, we will go for all three points." Jaap Stam and Filippo Inzaghi are both unavailable, as are all of Barcelona's long-term injuries, but Ancelotti has the good form of both Hernán Crespo and Jon Dahl Tomasson to encourage him.
'Great event'
"I'll make changes for this game, which promises to be a great event, only if I think the team needs fresh players," the Milan coach said. "Crespo is close to top form and Tomasson will have benefited from scoring in the league recently. And Shevchenko always scores!" For Barcelona, Juliano Belletti has been passed fit after a minor injury while Rijkaard promised: "Ronaldinho is increasingly returning to form and fitness which is crucial for our side."- ACNE SPOTS&OILY SKIN Removal Treatment~Soap Bar~Natural Organic Tea Tree Oil~35g in Health & Beauty, Skin Care, Acne & Blemish Control | eBay
- The.
- $104 Sold out stellamccartney.comSleeveless jersey tank in organic cotton with draped racer back and leopard head print on front.
- $170.
- Rose gold colored calf leather sandals from N.D.C. Made By Hand featuring a round toe, a t-bar strap, an ankle strap with a buckle fastening detail and a flat sole.
- An oversized top with a round neck, bat wing sleeves and scoop hem line. It is tapered at the hem for a flattering shape. MATERIAL: Made from premium light weight 100% certified fairtrade organic 100gsm cotton.
-.
- $5.59 Sold out target.comdetails Give your hair the sleek and shiny look that only comes through proper hydration with Organic Root replenishing conditioner. The stimulating conditioner is suitable for use with any hair type, including dry and damaged hair. Its thick cream formula won't weigh your hair down like other products. You can use the conditioner with your favorite shampoo or when you need an extra boost of moisture. Number of Pieces: 1. Hair Type: All Hair Types. Used For: Moisturizing, Strengthening, Repairing. Recommended Use: Daily. Product Form: Cream. Features: Lightweight. Health Facts: Alcohol-Free. other Info. Online Item #: 13993569. Store Item Number (DPCI): 063-05-0202. Made in the USA.
- Zuii Certified Organic Cosmetics is a range of make up made with a unique blend of Certified Organic flowers & plants to nurture, protect and improve the...
- In search of ideas and inspiration for my little hotel in Sri Lanka Sofie&Art is using Pinterest, an online pinboard to collect and share what inspires you.
- $2 Sold out drugstore.comBuy Acure Organics Shampoo, Moroccan Argan Oil + Argan Stem Cell with free shipping on orders over $35, low prices & product reviews | drugstore.com
-"."
- Organically grown raspberries
- Leather cuff measures 2" thick and is adjustable to 6.5" To 7" long. Brass and stone beads. Double snap closure. An organically-shaped strip of orange pebbled leather is topped with five strands of brass and stone beads for a fresh earthy-chic style.
- cindy ✰ 16 ✰ cali ♥
- Opening at the shoulders and ties at waist. Rounded neckline. Made of 100% Polyester. Lining of 100% Polyester. Model is 173 cm tall and is wearing a size Small.
-"
- $75 Sold out stevemadden.comSlip into the 70's in these retro platform mules! The ABSTRCT kicks have a wood-like outer sole with chunky heel for a bohemian vibe, and soft suede upper for chic appeal. The ABSTRCTs are sweet yet sultry with a flowy floral frock, or hot-to-trot with cropped pants and a trapeze tank top. Suede upper material. Man made lining. Man made sole. Wood bottom. 3.5 inch heel.
- Monk Buddha, Hippie, Hobo strap Cross body Bag, New Thai Cotton 100% Handmade green color good quality! With 100% of cotton , native fabric of Thailand. Inside with small bag and zip for both outside and inside bag. Wood studs. This bags are shown as similar with pics!!! Color : green Condition : New Material : 100 cotton, durable Design : Yaam Thai , Hobo style Type : Super size cross-body bags Size : Body high 16” , Body width 19” , Strap long 22”
- .
- 80% Cotton, 15% Nylon, 5% Poly. Waisted short with zip fly with hook and eye closure. Side pockets. Eco dry clean only. Made in USA.
- Billabong faux leather sandal. Braided strap detail. Elastic at back of heel for easy on and off. Logo print near heel on footbed.
- Zuii Certified Organics is a range of make up made with a unique blend of Certified Organic flowers & plants to nurture, protect and improve the health...
- "Help Heal Japan" blossoming tree graphic t-shirt. For every t-shirt purchase $5 will be donated to the World Vision/Japan disaster relief fund.
-.
- Geisha Girl: The original flatforms are back. Based on the traditional Japanese style, this dual platform sandal has a midsection lucite addition. Also features a velcro ankle strap and back zipper so you can adjust for the perfect fit. 3 1/4" heel and 2 3/4" platform. Leather and/or synthetic upper and leather lining, man made sole. Size US 8 (EUR 38) insole measures 9 5/8" or 24.5 cm. Each half size is 1/4" or .5cm difference. A Jeffrey Campbell original. Women's shoe. Imported.
- Reina Ornate Organic Bone Hanger Dangle Plugs 10G - 0G (2.5mm - 8mm)
- $2,328 Sold out ylang23.com".
- An oversized top with a round neck, bat wing sleeves and scoop hem line. It is tapered at the hem for a flattering shape. MATERIAL: Made from premium light weight 100% certified fairtrade organic 100gsm cotton.
-.
- $73 nordstrom.comTransform any room into a tropical paradise with exotic aromas of the Islands. The best-selling diffusers are comprised of delicate reeds that allow the subtle release of beautiful scents for over a year. It is the highest quality diffuser on the market and the difference is Malie's exclusive use of alcohol-free pure perfume oil. Experience paradise in the comfort of your own home.Experience Hawaii's warm nights and enchanting essence with the soft and sexy aroma of Pikake, Hawaiian jasmine. Brand: MALIE ORGANICS. Style Name: Malie Organics 'Island Ambience - Pikake' Organic Reed Diffuser. Style Number: 650029. 8 oz; By Malie Organ.26 Sold out houseoffraser.co.ukOrganic cereal bowl featuring delicate and pretty leaf design. This is a stunning stand alone range or could be used to accent your plain white china. Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Microwave safe. Not oven safe.
- $37 Sold out fairindigo.comPeacock USA-made Organic V-neck Tee - Gorgeous peacock print uses a canvas of super soft 100% organic cotton in a 1x1 rib knit and flattering v-neck. Printed using water-based eco inks in a facility run by solar and wind power.
- Nudie Jeans – High Kai, womens five pocket jeans in navy twill denim, made with organic cotton. The jeans feature a mid rise, super tight skinny leg, zip fly, Nudie Jeans Co embossed copper rivets and top button and branded rear leather waistband patch. Model is 5'9" and a 26" jean size. Model wears a 26. Rise 10” Inseam 30" Leg Opening 5. 98% Organic cotton, 2% elastane.
- Heel Height: 2.25" Suede Upper. Heel: Wood.
- A cleansing detoxify tea with dandelion and burdock. > To help cleanse and purify, with carefully selected organic dandelion, burdock, plantain, nettle and cleavers. How to Use: Take one heaped teaspoon of herbs, cover with a cupful of boiling water and allow to infuse for 5 -10 minutes, strain, enjoy. Store away from direct sunlight. Ingredients: Arctium lappa (Burdock) root*, Taraxacum officinale (Dandelion) root*, Urtica dioica (Nettle) leaf*, Plantago major (Plantain) leaf*, Galium aparine (Cleavers) herb*. *Organically produced ingredient. GB ORGANIC CERTIFICATION 5. Made with 100% organic ingredients. Brand : Neal's Yard. Skin Type : All Types. Treatment Effect : Detoxifying.
- $598 Sold out freepeople.com1960s turquoise Egyptian scarab necklace. In ancient Egypt, the scarab was modeled after a beetle and became a popular amulet. These amulets were seen as an earthly symbol.
- Two.
- We have fallen in love with the Tong from VC Signature, with its natural tones and organic shape. This critter-friendly style is adorned with an enamel dragonfly at the toe and cascading crystals running down the strap. A buckle at the ankle completes the look.
- Luscious Low Fat Vanilla probiotic yogurt with crunchy granola. Rachel's Organic BREAKFAST is a delicious combination of Vanilla Luscious Low Fat yogurt with a generous helping of crunchy organic granola and contains probiotic cultures that may promote digestive well-being. Simply mix the granola into the yogurt for a delicious easy breakfast, or a great choice for a healthy snack throughout the day.
-. 230-thread count. Set includes a flat sheet, fitted sheet, and 2 pillowcases (one with Twin set). Imported. Select sizes are online/catalog only. See what west elm is doing to help you get a little greener.
- $27 Sold out beauty.comIndulge in a luxurious bathing experience full of natural ingredients. Infused with Malie’s aromatic Hawaiian Hydrosols and therapeutic botanicals, this nourishing body wash will leave your skin silky smooth, clean and refreshed..
- GAP Photos - Garden & Plant Picture Library - Recyled window frames used as a garden feature - GAP Photos - Specialising in horticultural photographyGAP Photos, garden and plant stock photography
- Two small owl talons are conjoined to form a lone crescent, or naja, the centerpiece of Native American squash blossom necklaces. The image of the turned down crescent has been traced back to many other cultures before it was introduced into the Native design, such as a ward to protect against the evil eye. Here, the spirit of the owl is added to this potent amulet. Although many Native cultures shy away from the owl, considering it a bad omen, I have decided to add it's magics into this piece as a way to represent how I personally feel about the owl, a creature literally able to see in the dark and a cunning predator. Considered to be a messenger between the consciousness and the unconsciousness, the owl is also considered to be a link between the earthly plane and the spiritual plane. In mythology, the owl is the familiar of Diana, goddess of the hunt (who is also associated with the moon). Here, I'm suggesting multiple levels of psychic awareness. Protection & the will to hunt down your dreams. This necklace is composed of sterling silver, cast immortal and oxidized to achieve my obsessive shade of gloomy gray. The naja hangs from an 18 inch curb chain, oxidized to perfectly match. The naja is a hair over 1 inch long and a hair over 1 inch at its widest. Talons are sharp! This is handmade to order just for you! Please allow 3-4 weeks for creation and shipment. FOR MORE: Please visit my policies page:
- $34 Sold out patagonia.com.
- $85 Sold out vanmildert.com'Black bleach' leaving a worn grey shade. Five pocket style. Button fasten waistband. Zip fly. Skinny fit. Contrasting black stitching throughout. Logo tag detail to back pocket. Logo plaque to waist band. Embroidered back pockets. 98% cotton, 2% elastane. Machine wash
- Our signature comforting tea flavour, in convenient tea bags: 100% certified organic blend, no caffeine, sugar or added flavours. Calms your senses, promoting a sense of well-being. 20 tea bags..
- Zuii Organic Certified Organic liquid foundation is made with a unique blend of Certified Organic flowers & plants to nurture, protect and improve the...
- $23 Sold out peopletree.co.ukSleeveless, beige melange, zip front hoodie with funnel neck. Made in India. Fabric: 100% Organic certified cotton. Lengths: S 72cm M 74cm L 76cm XL 78cm.
- Duffy beige sweater. Mid-weight open-knit organic cotton, gauge 3GG. Boat neck, pointelle detail. Slips on. 100% organic cotton. Dry clean. Designer color: Whisper. Fits true to size. Take your normal size. Loose style. Mannequin height is 180cm/ 5'11" and is wearing an XSmall.
-.
- This supremely soft organic cotton bralette from Only Hearts is what au naturale wishes it was. So light against the skin, the darted elastic construction feels as good as wearing nothing, but way better. Soft support, sweet comfort, pretty lines, pretty lovely.
- This supremely soft organic cotton thong from Only Hearts is what au naturale wishes it was. So light against the skin, the sparely simple construction feels as good as wearing nothing, but way better. Soft shape, sweet comfort, pretty lines, pretty lovely.
- Queen Annes Lace, Winter flower, Fine art nature photograph, earth colours, beige, snow, Giclee print, 10x8, titled: Winter Impressions IIIQueen Annes Lace, Winter flower, Fine art nature photograph, earth colours, beige, snow, Giclee print, 10x8, titled: Winter Impressions III I took this photos during a walk by the frozen lake near Prague. There are some amazing textures used to enhance colours and give it a surreal feel. You will receive 1 photo sized 10x8 inches. - there are endless possibilities
-.
- Drop sleeve casual jersey tee in eco-white with pink screen printed illustrated iris motif. Fits to the hip and loose round the shoulders. Made in India in 100% organic Fairtrade-certified cotton. Fabric: 100% Organic cotton. Producer: Made in India by Assisi.
- Great supa skinny fitting soft sateen organic cotton jeans. Removable back label. Low-rise, skinny fitting style. Look great with flat shoes and a breezy white top, or can be dressed for evening with black jacket and heels.
- This kimono-style bath robe features lightweight knitted interlock jersey construction. Material: 100% Organic Cotton TC/GSM: 190 GSM Dimension: One Size Fits Most.
- 1928 Jewelry gets playful with this chunky beaded bracelet! Six rectangular, organic shaped beads alternate from light pink to purple for a bold design. Inside the acrylic beads are flecks of silver confetti giving you a reason to celebrate every day! Measures: 6 1/2" around x 3/4"W.
- A set of personalized map drop earrings in soft green and blues. These earrings are a perfect way to commemorate the special places in your life. Your birthplace, the place you first met your partner, your honeymoon, your dream holiday... the choice is only limited by your imagination! Perfect for brides, or as a special gift for your bridesmaids or maids of honour. The bases are brass plated with an antiqued bronze finish. I use glass cabochons to seal the maps. The earring is 16mm or about 5/8 of an inch across. They have a 3cm or appx 1 inch drop. The backs close securely with a clasp. The earrings come boxed in a card box. I offer free gift wrapping, just leave a note on your Etsy invoice if you'd like this. Team them with my personalised cufflinks for men: More map jewellery:
- $28 Sold out soul-flower.com
- details Bring out the best in your hair with this nourishing shampoo from Avalon Organics. Organic lavender essential oil, wheat protein, aloe and vitamins nourish and moisturize hair for softer, smoother, more manageable results. This softly scented shampoo is specially formulated for normal to dry hair and comes in an easy-to-dispense pump bottle. Number of Pieces: 1. Hair Type: All Hair Types. Used For: Cleansing. Product Form: Gel. Health Facts: Paraben-Free, Phthalate-Free, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate Free, Sulfate-Free. other Info. Online Item #: 13953240. Store Item Number (DPCI): 037-05-1827. Item can be gift wrapped. Made in the USA.
-. Bath & Shower Type : Shower Gel & Crème. Brand : Greenscape. Fragrance Type : Shower & Bath. Men - Bath & Body Type : Shower Gel & Wash. Scent : Green. Skin Type : All Types.
- Lotion bars are tops for dry cracking hands and feet. Made with Shea Butter, Jojoba, Avocado Oil and Beeswax for a powerful moisturizer that stays put. Lotion bar is excellent for hard working hands and will protect and moisturize through hand washing (or dish washing). Plus it comes in a handy tin that fits right in your pocket or purse so you can take it anywhere, even on the plane! My thumbs used to crack every winter. It was so painful. This lotion bar has been the only thing to save my poor hands! Plus my feet are softer than ever. The lotion bar has found it's permanent place in my purse. I will not go without it! Directions: Warm lotion bar in hands and rub over hands, feet, or anywhere in between. Ingredients: *Shea Butter (fair trade), Beeswax (local), *Jojoba Oil, *Avocado Oil, Lavender Essential Oil * Certified Organic Ingredient This Listing is for (1) lotion bar with tin. Net weight 1.55 oz < NEW! BIGGER BAR SIZE! Don't be afraid to FILL YOUR CART! We will work to save your shipping dollars. USPS offers great deals on flat rate and regional rate shipping boxes. We can fit a lot in those boxes! If you overpay for shipping by more than $1 at checkout we will refund the difference via paypal. So go ahead... Fill your cart and SAVE! We ship internationally! Please contact us for an accurate shipping quote.
- Quality Silks offers artificial trees, silk plants, silk flowers, plant planters and tree containers. Shop for quality silk plants, flowers, trees and supplies at discount prices.
- Buy Waitrose Fruit online from Ocado. Pink Lady Apples Organically Grown.
- A refreshing blend of green teas with spearmint and lemony flavors. Each filterbag brews one gallon of iced tea, package contains 24 filterbags.
- Soft organic cotton vest tops, nice and long, with adjustable straps, support and curved neckline. Available in lots of summery colours, perfect for layering
- $214 Sold out stellamccartney.comOrganic calico skinny jeans with dégradé colour. Skinny zip jeans features a fitted leg from waist to hem and ankle zips adding to the sleek silhouette. Low front rise and classic five pocket detail.
- DV by Dolce Vita Talor Sandal. High espadrille wedge sandal. Woven strap upper. 4¼" wedge heel, 1" platform. Synthetic lining. Synthetic outsole. Dual buckle closure. Upper: 100% synthetic.
- Black fabric gold look earth symbol bracelet, adjustable length by Freedom at Topshop. Metal.
- The.
- $200 Sold out harveynichols.comLily and Lionel multicoloured cotton and bamboo blend scarf. Brighton Pier print, eyelash trims. 50% cotton, 50% organic bamboo.
- $27 Sold out debenhams.comThis Ziba tiger eye ring is made from tiger eye semi precious stones.
- $6.34 Sold out johnlewis.comThis organic shea butter all over body moisturiser contains a rich source of phytochemical antioxidants and vitamin E that naturally help ward off free radicals. Added ingredients; sweet almond oil. It will nourish and protect skin and create a moisturiser that will soften and brighten skin. Free from petrochecmicals, sulphates, parabens, glycols and synthetic colours. Body care type : Lotions & Moisturisers. Brand : Greenscape. Men - Bath & Body Type : Body Moisturiser. Scent : Sweet. Skin Type : All Types.
- This Mission style outdoor lamp post has a stately tree design inspired by nature. A rounded cream diffuser offers warm light and rests behind the organic design. A lovely bronze finish completes the look. A wonderful way to brighten your exteriors while keeping the natural outdoors in mind. Post not included. From John Timberland®. Bronze finish. Etched amber glass. Takes one 100 watt maximum type A bulb (not included). 18 3/4" high. 10" wide. Glass is 8 3/4" high and 6 1/4" deep.
-.
- Wooden Earrings made by K.C. Peck in Eureka, CA Tree of Life design (1 inch) Choose from Oak, Walnut, or Red Stained Maple, all sustainably harvested from the Appalachain Mountains with a growth to removal ratio of 2.29. 100% USA grown. Verified sustainable by AHMI. Made with Surgical Steel hooks; safe for even most sensitive ears. All wooden jewelry ships in a gift box.
- Silk Ribbon Wrap Bracelet - Tree of Life Bracelet - Silvan Tree - Artisan Handcrafted Recycled Fine Silver- Silver & Silk Wrap BraceletThis bracelet is hand-formed with a beautifully elegant, swirling Tree of Life design. Tree of Life symbolism is found in almost every culture and mythology throughout history. It's meaning is that all life is connected, and embodies qualities such as protection, wisdom and strength. This piece measures approx. 31mm in length. (shown with leaf colored ribbon) ~~If you would like to purchase extra ribbons for your bracelet, they cost $6.50 each. Please message me and I will be happy to make a custom listing for you ~Silver & Silk~ wrap bracelets are made with 99.9% pure, hand-formed, recycled, eco-friendly silver. The silk ribbons are hand dyed and sewn. Just wrap the silk ribbon around your wrist where you want, slide the silver piece where you want it, and tie the ribbon in the back. The ends can be tucked under the wrap or left hanging. The silk is luxuriously soft, crinkly and delicate on the skin, and very comfortable. They are even comfortable to wear when doing yoga. Your silver piece can be switched out with additional silk ribbons for a different look to go with your outfit or mood with endless possibilities. Ribbons are 35-42 inches long. These wrap bracelets are very versatile and go with anything. They also make wonderful gifts for that special person! The ribbons are washable by hand with mild detergent. Please note that I make each silver. All items arrive gift boxed! About Metal Clay/Fine Silver and my process: These unique items are made from metal clay. Metal clay is made from eco-friendly reclaimed silver. The pure silver particles recovered from the photo developing process and mixed with a binder made of water and plant-based organic materials. In raw form, it's malleable like clay. When fired, it becomes a fine [.999] silver piece of metal. Every piece is unique. Each piece is made from raw silver with loving care and attention to every detail from start to finish by hand. They are shaped, sanded, and fired in a kiln at 1650 degrees for hours for maximum strength and durability. They are then hand polished, tumbled with steel shot for more shine and work-hardened strength, then oxidized and polished by hand again. The finished product is 99.9% pure fine silver that does not tarnish as easily as sterling. Tiny lines and flaws are characteristic of metal clay and add to its artisan feel. No two pieces are ever alike. The difference between fine silver and sterling silver is that fine silver is 99.9% pure silver. Sterling is 92.5% silver, with the rest being other metals such as copper and tin. They look and wear the same. You can polish and care for them the same, but fine silver is more tarnish-resistant than sterling. Fine silver is almost pure silver, which makes it a more precious and valuable metal than sterling silver. Please feel free to contact me with any questions, and thanks for looking! ©Silvan Arts ORIGINAL Design. All Rights Reserved. Anne Marie
- An oversized top with a round neck, bat wing sleeves and scoop hem line. It is tapered at the hem for a flattering shape. MATERIAL: Made from premium light weight 100% certified fairtrade organic 100gsm cotton.
-.
- MATERIAL : Others. Rita & Zia engraved on medallion. Circumference : 17 cm.
- $20 Sold out amazon.comAmazon.com : Zen Reflections Juniper Bonsai : Grocery & Gourmet Food
- $970 Sold out bloomingdales.comPart of the Lights of Asia collection, this midnight crystal figurine by Kenzo Takada adds a dash of artistic zen to your environs.
- $38 Sold out saksfifthavenue.comA.
- Фото автора Надежды Хан на Яндекс.Фотках
- Monk Buddha, Hippie, Hobo strap Cross body Bag, New Thai Cotton 100% Brown good quality! With 100% of cotton , native fabric of Thailand. Inside with small bag and zip for both outside and inside bag. Wood studs. This bags are shown as similar with pics!!! Color : Brown Condition : New Material : 100 cotton, durable Design : Yaam Thai , Hobo style Type : Super size cross-body bags Size : Body high 16” , Body width 19” , Strap long 22”
- The Hippie Shop Feather Bone Necklace: A single feather and bone pendant hang from four strands of beaded veggie dyed hemp on this earthy necklace. With a bead and loop closure this necklace measures approximately 22 in length.
- I love these! I wear mine all the time! It's cool to have a ring somewhere other than the traditional placement! Each one is hand wrapped by me, and can be any pattern you like, I'll make it just for you! The diameter is about 1 1/2 cm. If you need it bigger, let me know! Just keep in mind they are mid finger rings! I make them when ordered, so each one may be slightly different! Here are just a couple of the options! These are also perfect for children! Note: There is an option for "Open" or "Closed" style. I think they look better closed, this means, I wrap both the sides so they become a solid ring. When open, the ring can be adjusted slightly. This is when both sides are free, and not wrapped together. You can look at the pictures to see the difference. In the third photo, the squiggly spiral is closed, the double spiral is open. Each can be either open or closed.To kickstart SFMade Week, Bluxome Street Winery is hosting a Masters and Makers event Tuesday evening. The winery will host a number of workshops, coming from the likes of Foggy Notion, Dandelion Chocolate, McVicker's Pickles, and more. The mini-workshops start at 5:20 p.m. with a DIY cheese-making class from SF Milkmaid and continue until 7:40 with Raff Distillerie. The winery itself will offer a barrel sampling workshop at 7 p.m.
Those who appreciate everything artisanal can learn how to cure their own meat with wild herbs from ForageSF and pair pickles with McVicker's. Foreignspell, from SF illustrator Niki Baker, is also offering a workshop called Palatable Printmaking, in which she teaches how to create stamping projects with items found in the kitchen.
Admission to the fest is free and brews from Magnolia Gastropub will benefit SFMade. Wes from WesBurger will be manning the grill, with options for vegetarians, and Bluxome will be pouring their California wines. A bevvy of food trucks will also be set up outside.
SFMade has hosted a week of connecting San Francisco's community with local manufacturers for the past four years. A number of other events, like kimchi-making classes from Sinto Gourmet and factory tours from Speakeasy, are going on throughout this city from May 5 through 11.Thursday, September 1, 2005
Houdini's NYC boyhood home today
A boarding house still stands and would be recognizable to Houdini today.
Written by John Cox at 9:00 AM 0 comments
Tags: Childhood, Family, Homes, New York, Then and Now
Hotel Shelton pool is no more
The Hotel Shelton in New York City is now the Marriott, but it still looks much as it did in Houdini's day. Even the hotel restaurant still bares the name "Shelton Grill."
However, I was disappointed to learn that the famous swimming pool -- where Houdini performed the remarkable feat of remaining submerged in a coffin with only 15 minutes of air for over an hour -- is no longer there. Hotel staff told me the pool had been filled in about 2 or 3 years ago.
Written by John Cox at 8:57 AM 0 comments
Tags: Buried Alive, Shelton Test, Then and NowJMaki Charting click event
Hey All,
The charting widgets are great, but in order for them to provide the functionality required in my app I need to be able to click through a chart, specifically a bar in a bar chart ... basically I need to build a drill through style of dashboard where clicking one bar on the "top-level" chart will asynchronously load more detailed data in a sub-leveled chart. JMaki charting provides everything I need, except the click-through functionality.
I have been playing with the JMakji events framework and jmaki actions, but I can't seem to get an onclick event to be attached to either the dojo or plotkit bar chart. I have also tried adding markers to a plotkit bar chart, but they do not get rendered. The following line in the plotkit base.js addMarker function is false when being executed on a bar chart as the points array is empty, meaning no markers get added to the chart.
if (targetIndex < _widget.layout.points.length &&
_widget.layout.points.length > 0)
Is there any way that I am missing for adding an onClick event to one of these bar charts? The Marker click event is not an optimal solution, but it would provide the onClick functionality.
One other complete aside is that I have found what I think is a small problem with the yahoo DataTable. The publish argument for the widget was not working as I was not receiving events on a custom topic I had passed to the widget using
Hey Greg,
I tried your updated file and it works great! I didn't open a defect on the bar chart stuff, let me know if you still want me to, for tracking purposes. I did open one on the yahoo.dataTable issue I noted above ... I hope that was ok.
I have been going through the base.js for the plotkit charts, as I would really like to be able to put an onClick event on the div for each of the bars in the bar chart, exactly the way you have for the markers. I'm definitely no javascript expert ... and basically have been coming up empty on my attempt. Do you have any insight as to how I might go about accomplishing this? The markers are nice, but being able to click the actual "data", i.e a bar in the bar chart, or even a slice in the pie chart, etc would be a really nice feature.
Thanks alot for the help so far!
Stu
Hi,I was able to verify the problem with the Plotkit Bar chart and I will be trying to fix it within the next day or so. Could you be so kind as to file an issue on the jMak charting issue tracker? so we can track this?Thank you! -Greg
Hi,I have fixed the markers to work also with bar and pie charts. The calculation was based on different properties. These changes will be in the next charting release (hopefully within another day or so) or you can download the base file which you can replace the /resources/jmaki/charting/plotkit/resources/base.js with the one here:*checkout*/jmaki-chart... Let us knwo if this does not work for you. -GregTaiwan Exclusive - GeCube Dual GPU Radeon X1650XT Tested - GeCube does Dual GPUWe exclusively test the Gemini 2 dual GPU Radeon X1650XT graphic card from GeCube - it's Crossfire using a single card!
GeCube does Dual GPU
In this case, GeCube managed to make dual GPU technology work by placing two GPU's onto a single PCB with two separate memory buses each holding 256MB of DDR-3 memory each and linked internally through a PLX bridge which supports a total of 32 switchable PCI-E lanes. All of this is achieved using a method that GeCube call "Self-Crossfire" - just adjust the driver a little to make it think that the single card with two GPU's is actually two separate cards. Before you get too excited though, currently there is no way to run Crossfire with a quad GPU setup. If ATI / AMD change their drivers to support quad GPU Crossfire, then in theory GeCube Gemini 2 cards should do Crossfire (quad GPU) but that's yet to be proven but an interesting thought to ponder.
GeCube assures us that they got it right this time - after working very closely with the ATI driver team, performance is solid to the point where they are claiming around a 65 - 75% performance improvement over a single GPU... and stable and not the size of the moon! Thermal issues are under control and they've managed to do it in a cooling package which only uses a single slot design. They even ran thermal tests in a test lab heat chamber which runs anywhere from 45 - 70c and no stability issues were noted.
They've developed their own DVI cable which allows for Quad DVI output using their DMS59 cables. While the card runs hot using the super reliable and accurate touch method (joking!), we never noticed any artifacting or crashing during our testing. For a graphics card which houses a couple GPU's, the cooling solution is incredibly quiet - we expected it to scream like a jet going for takeoff but they've managed to keep noise levels very respectable indeed by making use of loads of copper (it's heavy!). The mosfets are also cooled with passive cooling to aid in heat reduction. It manages to pack in 512MB of DDR-3 memory (256MB per GPU), solid capacitors for enhanced durability, upcoming physics support and a HDCP key for playing back HD video content.
As far as pricing goes, it should sell for around the $300 USD mark, give or take a few bucks and depending on your region. For comparison and based off street pricing, a single Radeon X1950PRO will cost you around $250 USD, a single Radeon X1650XT over $180 USD (since there is not much available) and a Radeon X1950XT 256MB version will cost about the same as GeCube's Gemini 2.
During testing of the cards we were interested to find out if you would still need an official Crossfire supported motherboard to run the Gemini 2. A little to our disappointment, we were told that you will need a Crossfire motherboard. Don't forget that the dual GPU technology is still operating under Crossfire mode and unless you modify the driver, Catalyst won't let you enable Crossfire mode if it detects a non-Crossfire supported motherboard.
We were able to run some benchmarking comparing the GeCube dual GPU card against a regular Radeon X1950PRO 256MB. Read on and check out the performance now you know about some of the details-2015 information sessions have now passed. New dates for the 2015-2016 application cycle will be posted here during the summer of 2015..Before the Heisman Trophy, the celebrity hangouts and the offseason mayhem, there was a time when Johnny Football went simply by Johnny. No legend. No national microscope. Not even a Texas A&M uniform.
Johnny Manziel spent his high school years at Kerrville Tivy, a 4A class program located in the hill country just north of San Antonio, Texas. The young quarterback still maintained legendary status, but on a more local level. At this point in his young career, his name had only begun to creep into national conversations.
According to , Mark Smith, Manziel's head football coach and mentor throughout his time at Tivy High School the young quarterback showed strong leadership capabilities which made him an ideal director of the high school's fast-pace offense.
"[Manziel] is competitive and he's a great leader—those two things really stand out to me," Smith said. "Johnny has already had an ability of helping those around him play at a higher level. He has high expectations for himself. He has high expectations for his teammates. He was a guy, as good as he was, that if we needed help, he would jump in on the scout team and work as a quarterback, a receiver or a running back. He never put himself above the team."
Despite Manziel's unselfishness as the consummate team player, the young athlete still managed to stand out, earning attention from college scouts ranging from Oregon to Texas A&M. After a decision to remain closer to home in College Station and an uneventful redshirt season, Manziel first took the college football stage against Florida in the Aggies' SEC opener last season and the legend of Johnny Football began to grow, fast.
An 11-2 season and a Heisman Trophy quickly shot Johnny Football into the celebrity stratosphere and the media descended upon the 20-year-old. ESPN even developed its own Manziel tracker. A few first picthes and front court seats later, former admirers turned to critics and the world seemingly turned on the young QB almost as fast as they embraced him.
However, Manziel never allowed the criticism to sway his personality or rogue-like persona. The reason? Smith said Manziel has no care for outside scrutiny. Never has, and likely never will.
"To me, he's no different than 90 percent of the 20-year-olds who are growing up," Smith said. "Most people say that's not an excuse, but it is. None of us are perfect, and I think he understands that. One thing I appreciate about Johnny is that he's going to work to make things right. He's not so much worried about what people on the outside of the building think, but rather what the people who he dresses with inside the building think. Johnny is who he is, and that's who he's going to be."
Johnny is enjoying his moments in the spotlight, and why not? Fame can be fickle and he is making the most of his time in the sun, no matter how much it burns him, what other 20 year-old wouldn't?
The public has read about Manziel's actions; his partying, his alleged indiscretions at the Manning Camp and his penchant for signing his name on things, a lot. But, what has not been covered is his heart and his intentions. It doesn't seem like anyone in the media has gotten to know the true Johnny.
Smith believes the Manziel who worked his tail off during games his senior year of high school to help graduating players score their only career touchdown deserves a pass on some mistakes he may, or may not, have made while growing up under the scrutiny of the spotlight.
"I see a lot of athletes doing a lot of the same things, but it's not the same microscope that he's under," Smith said. "There has been no other Heisman Trophy winner—none—who has had to deal with the social media the way that we do now. I think he's been under a lot of scrutiny, under a microscope, that's probably unjustified."
Even with the start of the 2013 college football season, the microscope on Manziel's life has failed to lift. During A&M's matchup against top-ranked Alabama this Saturday, CBS has a designated Manziel-camera, where it will capture every hand signal, gesture and movement the Aggie quarterback makes.
*Unless otherwise noted, all quotes obtained firsthand.Alumni Testimonials
Bucky Herron '79
"The evening dinner under the lights in front of the chapel was exceptional, really wonderful and memorable."
Colleen Marquez '84
“Beautiful to come out of Mass to see everything all set up with appetizers and libations with dinner on the lawn under the lights. The whole event was a CLASS act. Huzzah!”
Sharad Singh '04
“It’s amazing how many memories came back after just a few moments at SMC. Not sure how it’s possible, but the school looks more beautiful than when we first stepped foot on campus."
Jenna Zack '09
"I loved reunion weekend. It was great seeing all the classes and catching up with my classmates."
Martha Niland '79
"The reunion was thoughtfully and expertly planned to maximize the emotional connection many of us have to the College and to fellow alumni. I loved every minute and am I am so proud of the class of 1979!!"
Sean Mullen '83
“Loved it all. The party on Friday night, The BBQ and concert Sat afternoon. Mass was inspiring. Cocktails and dinner out in front of the Chapel really stand out though.”
Chris Bottino '68
“Gathering with old friends and recalling so many wonderful memories of college days and believing that the education and traditions will continue.”
Maps & Directories
Mailing Address
Saint Mary's College of California
1928 Saint Mary's Road
Moraga, CA 94575
(925) 631-4000
Google Map | Campus Map | PO Boxesa.m.s hormone regulation kit.(info).
- 10-14-2008, 04:07 PM
- Stats
- 6'3" 225 lbs.
- Join Date
- May 2008
- 3,831
- Rep Power
- 2006
- Level
- 44
- Lv. Percent
- 33.43%
-
a.m.s hormone regulation kit.(info).
1-Androsterone
Return of Effective Prohomones - A Breakthrough in Legal Supplementation
Remember.
The most common benefits include the following:
- Non-Toxic (unlike virtually every "methyl" prohormone on the market)
- Orally Active Compound
- Extremely Potent
- Completely Non-Aromatizable to Estrogen
- Naturally Occurring
1-Androsterone converts at a high rate-tesosterone  gyno and hair loss".
Beta Sitosterol
Beta-sitosterol has been shown to have activity in promoting prostate health. It also has cholesterol-lowering activity.
The unique combination and formulation of the legal and naturally occurring compounds in Arom-X make it the leader in today's marketplace
Old Hormone regulation kitBy thompsonste in forum Advanced Muscle ScienceReplies: 3Last Post: 07-23-2010, 05:15 AMSee Britney Spears' First Live Performance in 2 Years
Entertainment Mar. 29, 2011 AT 9:54AM
B).
PHOTOS: Brit's life so far
For her much-anticipated comeback, Spears, 29, slipped on a skintight, sequined bodysuit as she shook her famous body to "Hold It Against Me," the smash #1 from her new album Femme Fatale, out Tuesday.
PHOTOS: Her adorable sons
Watch Spears bust a move -- and get seriously sexy in a chair as backup dancers help her out -- in this clip.NORTH ADAMS, Mass. — Armory Tattoo/Freight Yard Pub beat defending champs Pizza House 16-4 on Tuesday and needed only two games to clinch the best-of-three championship of the Pat Torchia North Adams Women's Softball League.
It was a team effort from start to finish, as it has been customary all season long for Armory/FYP, which finished the season 25-1. Eleven out of its 14 players scored at least one run.
It was the first time in league history that a team went undefeated in the regular season.
Sarah Sweet shared pitching duties with Melissa Girard, giving up eight hits and four runs combined, as the two have been nearly unhittable all season long. Armory/FYP had some fine defensive plays in the game turning three double plays by the middle infielders in the fourth, fifth and sixth innings.
Sweet led the offense, going 4-fort-5 with two runs scored. Rachel Desrosiers and Kristen King were 6-for-10 combined with three runs scored. Kate Galli went 2-for-3, with two runs scored. Liz Williams and Christina Votra were each 2-for-4 with a run scored. Mary Malloy, team captain/coach, also chipped in with two hits and a run scored.
Michelle Rickert took the loss for Pizza House pitching a complete game. Becky Duquette led her team offensively, going 2-for-3 with a run scored. Leah also chipped in with 2 hits and a run scored.
“I feel very fortunate to play with such an amazing group of ladies”, Galli said. “We play the game the right way and are always encouraging one another from the first pitch to the last out. Even if we didn’t win the championship, it was an honor to play with this team. Winning the championship was the icing on the cake. I look forward to next season.”
Most Comments
Most ViewsAuralex Bamboo QuadraTec Diffusors 23.75"x23.75"x4.1" (2 pack)
Sku #H72059000000000
Auralex
H72059
LWB
Acoustic Treatments
-
- Write a Review
- Seen a Lower Price? Click Here.
45 day price guarantee, 45 day return policy, 100% secure shopping
Make
- Lightweight, sturdy sound diffusor
- Adds a warm, musical character to dispersed sound
- Gives you two unique diffusion tools
- Creates a spacious feel in any room
- Sized to drop into a suspended ceiling grid
- Can also be easily installed on wall surfaces
- Made from eco-friendly sustainable bamboo
- Set of 2
- Includes mounting hardware
Add some warmth to your room!
Bamboo QuadraTec Diffusors 23.75"x23.75"x4.1" (2 pack) Specifications:
- Size: 23.75" x 23.75" x 4.1"Details
Activity
- All
- Work Log
- History
- Activity
- Transitions
Is there anything missing for this patch to be included ?
Please tell me and i'd be glad to work on it ...
John, can you handle this in M5?
Yes, I'll handle this in M5.
I have committed code to support reading WSDL from other formats such
as a DOM Element or Document or an InputSource, however I have not used
methods like readWSDL(String, Element) on WSDLReader.
I did not want to simply add to the WSDLReader interface WSDL4J-like
methods such as readWSDL(String, Element) or readWSDL(String, Document)
because this would make the WSDLReader API dependant on DOM which defeats
one of Woden's objectives for supporting different types of XML parser
and XML object model without tying the Woden API to any particular one.
Instead I have create an API interface called org.apache.woden.WSDLSource
which stores the WSDL source object and the document base URI. A WSDLSource
object is obtained by calling the WSDLReader.createWSDLSource() method.
The WSDLSource setSource and setBaseURI methods are called before invoking
WSDLReader.readWSDL(WSDLSource) or readWSDL(WSDLSource, ErrorHandler).
WSDLSource.setSource(java.lang.Object) trades compile time type safety for
XML parser independence in the Woden API. The WSDLSource implementation
should provide runtime time type checking in its setSource method.
The concrete reader's implementation of the createWSDLSource() method will
return an implementation of WSDLSource compatible with the reader. That is,
one that will perform runtime type checking in the setSource method to
ensure the source Object is of a type compatible with the reader, and
throw a WSDLException if it's not.
Here's a progamming example based on the existing DOM reader implementation:
WSDLSource wsdlSource = domReader.createWSDLSource();
wsdlSource.setBaseURI(wsdlURI);
//type checking of compatible object types done next
wsdlSource.setSource(domElement);
DescriptionElement desc = reader.readWSDL(wsdlSource);
The Javadoc of WSDLReader and WSDLSource provide further information.
An alternative option was to capture these methods in a DOM-specific Woden API,
like an API subset, but this suggests making some parts of the overall Woden API
optional to implementors (i.e. to a StAX implementor) and this approach
probably requires more thought and discussion.
Resolved, pending feedback.
Fixed in M5.
This patch add several methods to the WSDLReader interface and their implementations.
The missing one is the one that take a WSDLLocator.Esencia Hotel & Villas
Nestled in Santa Teresa, a short walk from the pretty “La Lora” sun kissed sand beaches; Esencia offers abundant light, space and comfort with a Mediterranean style ambiance. It has a beautiful swimming pool, wireless high speed internet, and lush tropical gardens.
The tranquil and relaxed setting here is replete with hand-crafted candles that create the perfect feel good atmosphere. Then there are scented incense and essential oils along with teak furniture that lends the place a touch of old-world class. If the perfumed air doesn’t inspire you, the sweeping views of the adjoining ocean and jungles offered from their terrace sure will. All elements at Esensia blend harmoniously to offer guests a completely natural yet comfortable and modern stay. This is a nice vacation stay option if you are looking for an exotic ambiance and comfortable amenities without the noise and impersonal services of the more touristy properties.
Accommodation and Amenities
The hotel offers ten stunning independent and private villas plus eight plush pool view rooms. The architecture of the units contains elements of Mediterranean style complemented by lots of lights, spaciousness and comfort.
All villas and rooms have their own terrace with garden view, bathroom, hot water and safety box. Other refined elements include the teak chairs, the furniture and wooden decks. They differentiate through theme colors, handcrafted aromatic candles, incense and essences, stimulating the senses. Each villa is fully equipped with a living-dining room, kitchen, one or two bedrooms and corresponding implements. The hotel includes a striking unusually shaped pool created out of blue ceramic tiles. It is surrounded by lush trees and a perfect sunbathing terrace should you want to sport a stunning bronze tan. Aesthetic tropical gardens surround Esencia Hotel with thriving plants and low indirect lighting, creating an exotic and unique atmosphere.
Attractions and Activities
The stretch where Esencia is located is a tourists’ paradise that offers plenty of fun and relaxing activities. Visit the nearby Cabo Blanco National Park, great for wildlife spotting and snorkeling. Take a tour to the naturally breathtaking Isla Tortuga, offering remarkable scuba diving and hiking opportunities with stunning vantage point views. This is just of the many activities to be done in this area; others include ATV tours, sport fishing, horseback riding along the beach and renting a bike for some exploration of the area at your own pace. Santa Teresa and Malpais feature some of the best surfing spots on the Pacific Coast of Costa Rica.
For those looking to relax a bit more there are yoga classes and the hotel can arrange massages and spa services on request. Spa services include holistic massage 60/90 min, deep tissue massage 60/90 min, massage included in surf camp packages 60 min, acuouncture 60/90 min, reflexology 60 min, Thai massage 60/90 min, rebalancing 60/90 min, couples massage (holistic / deep tissue) 60/90 min, hot stone treatment, Bali 60/90 min, Shiatsu / acupressure 60 / 90 min, manicure and pedicure.
Guests can take the following tours Isla Tortuga tour (full day, by boat, lunch included), horseback riding (beach, mountain / waterfall), sport fishing (private boat or group), scuba diving (private boat or group), ATV rental (4, 8, 24 hours), canopy tour (Malpais, Montezuma), surf lessons (1,5 hours, board included), transfer services (private/shared), bicycle rental ($6 half day, $10 full day) and Cabo Blanco ( buy ticket in Cabuya).
Esencia Hotel Contact Info
Phone: 2640-0420
Website: Esenciahotel.com
Facebook Fanpage:
Pingback: La Lora Surf Spot | Malpais Surfing
Pingback: Santa Teresa Surfing | Malpais Surfing
Buenas tardes, me gustaría saber si tienen espacio para los días 27-30 de diciembre. Somos dos personas.
Hola, quería saber si tiene una habitación doble para la noche del 2 de enero, saliendo el 3 de enero. Es para festejar un aniversario.
Cual seria el costo de la habitación y que incluye?
Gracias, espero su respuesta.
Buenas me gustaría saber el precio de una villa para 5 personas como por ahí de agosto?Kazushi Sakuraba may be known as "The Gracie Hunter," but Eddie Bravo may need to steal that nickname soon.
According to a report on The Underground, Royce Gracie confronted Bravo following Bravo's grappling showdown with Royler Gracie. Royce later confirmed the altercation with MMA Fighting and provided details.
"I wanted to talk to him for years, but never had the chance to meet him," Royce said. "I met him after the fight and he was there, throwing up. Royler dominated him so much, he did so much strength, that he threw up after the fight."
Bravo and the Gracie family (particularly Royler) have been at odds ever since Bravo's surprise victory over Royler at the Abu Dhabi Combat Club (ADCC) grappling tournament in 2003. To put Bravo's victory into perspective, it was the grappling equivalent to Matt Serra beating Georges St-Pierre.
Bravo and Royler finally faced one another on the mats at Metamoris 3, with the match ending in a draw (highlights here). However, most fans are in agreement that Bravo would've won if there were points involved, and Bravo threatened Royler with multiple submission attempts. went to triple-dog-dare level and challenged Bravo to a good ole fashioned fight.
"I’m a vale-tudo fighter. I’m not a fighter to score points of fight with time limit," Royce said. "Let’s (fight) with no time limit and with punches allowed. I’m a vale-tudo fighter, I don’t compete in (grappling) tournaments."
Royce hasn't competed in MMA since his controversial 2007 win over Sakuraba in which the Brazilian tested positive for anabolic steroids following the fight. That was on the heels of Royce's destruction by the hands of Matt Hughes back at UFC 60.
I wouldn't expect Bravo to compete in anything that involves striking, so it looks like we're in for another round of Bravo vs. the Gracie family.Verified ID
- Phone Number▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ 36
- Validated
- Validated
- Offline IDPassport
About Me
- Work
- Marketing at a Dutch bankinsurance company
- Languages
- Deutsch, English, Nederlands
- Robert's Airbnb Symbol
Visit create.airbnb.com »
Hey, I’m Robert!
Amsterdam, Noord-Holland, The Netherlands · Member since September 2012
Born, living and working in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, with my girlfriend Jessica and our little baby daughter.
We love to go see movies and find spots to taste foods of all origins. On holidays we love to explore the city, or go hiking in the countryside. A combination of relaxing and activities. When we return to our accomodation, we seek to rest and enjoy the surroundings.
I understand and speak Dutch, English and German. One day I'd love to learn other languages as Spanish and Italian; I can understand them a bit but I couldn't say I speak those languages.I am seeing another spike in SEO/Webmaster chatter at the ongoing WebmasterWorld thread of a possible Google Panda update.
It makes sense,. In fact, it was less than two days after I asked.
So there was a Panda refresh on November 21, 2012 - version number 22.
Google did not tweet anything about this update, at least not yet.
Update: Google told us 0.8% of queries in English were impacted by this.
Past Google Panda Update:
-.I think what I find beautiful and brilliant in the Web 2.0 is the possibility that it offers to women around the world to create a platform to shine their own voices. Voices that can discuss many things, that can tell stories, that can be private and individual but also collective, also representative of the spirit of a female community. I think that Web 2.0 is an opportunity for empowerment of women, because it is an emerging medium, in which we can begin to tell stories and impart information without having to follow a series of predetermined patterns, that make more difficult the possibility of a true representation of the voices of women in the traditional media. Women should take the opportunity of the new tools to make a way for ourr creativity, our own voice, our way of saying things, to take a leadership that is waiting for us. In my case, I can’t say I've taken full advantage of these new forms of communication, but I’m trying. I created two blogs where I've tried to develop my views on women. In one of them I tried to make a diary in which emotions will merge with the idea I had about how it should be a female voice, a bit influenced by the reading of women philosophers. In the other, more recent and still maintain, I try to read some works of literature and film from the female point of view, interpreting what these symbols hidden in any narrative or artistic work may say about me and other women. I am very far from achieving the full ownership of my own voice, but my dream is to achieve this and to help women get a new place in the culture
Take action! This post was submitted in response to Voices of Our Future Application: Empowerment and Web 2.0.
I hope you utilize pulsewire to gain knowledge not only about women issues but about yourself. I have learned so much about myself through this site and it amazes me how much everyone grows in such a positive direction after being a part of pulsewire.
Thank you for sharing your work with me and the rest of the World Pulse community! I am serving as a Listener for the Voices of Our Future program this year and am excited to have the opportunity to read your assignment for this first week. I completely agree with you that Web 2.0 and the amazing women participating in this program have the power to broadcast a wide range of issues from women's perspectives. I think it's wonderful that you have taken the initiative to start your own blogs to share your insight and pull from a variety of fields of study - I encourage you to keep this up and to share the links to your blogs with everyone here! I am sure that the women in this online community would cherish the chance to hear more of your voice. I also hope that you share some more about yourself with us through the biography section of your profile - the more you draw from your personal experiences and share those with us, the more you can learn about yourself and educate and inform the rest of the world! I love to hear the enthusiasm in your first assignment - I truly hope that you achieve your dreams and I am greatly looking forward to hearing more form you! Thank you again for sharing your thoughts with us - your voice is truly valued.
Best wishes,
Alison
It is good that you try to put your self in other people's perspective. When you do that you tend to learn alot about others and yourselfFind a copy in the library
Finding libraries that hold this item...
Details
Abstract:
"Author dared to run barefoot at the age of 38, only after enduring two decades of chronic (shod) running injuries. Since then he has completed two marathons while running barefoot and run pain free for the first time in his life. This book draws on his own experiences, interviews with barefoot runners across America and papers with scientific research to provide a recipe for healthy pain free running"--P. [4] of cover.
Reviews
User-contributed reviews
TOP CELL PHONE ACCESSORY CATEGORIES
Enjoy Free Same Day Shipping and Free 90-Day Return Shipping LEARN MORE
FEATURED PRODUCTS
Screen Protectors HTC Accessories
If you're looking for accessories to help protect your HTC smartphone from scratches, then Wireless Emporium is the perfect destination for you. We have the best selection of cell phone screen protectors, decal skins and music skins at the most affordable prices. Whether you want to style up your phone or protect it, we have exactly what you are looking for. Our HTC surface protectors and skins are made to fit your personal smartphone, whether it is the popular EVo V 4G, ONE, or any other HTC model. Help protect your phone today and shop here at Wireless Emporium for your next HTC accessory. Buy today and receive free shipping and no-hassle returns.Student Opportunities
NYC Industry Visits — We are very excited to be conducting NYC industry visits for our BU Watson students the week of January 12th – 16th. These visits will give students the chance to learn about career possibilities, network with professionals and explore various industries. The companies will provide a 1 – 2 hour session combining presentations, info sessions, networking opportunities and tours. Below is a list of employers we will be visiting this year:
"Work with Watson": Posting of internship / full time jobs for current students — Check hireBING for the latest job and internship postings. Also stay tuned for our weekly newsletter that will also advertise available employment opportunities.
Alumni/Industry Insight — The Alumni/Industry Insight Fleishman Center for Career and Professional Development will assist in coordinating these sessions.
Career fair — The Fleishman Center!Sony PSP Download Service Coming Alongside PS3 Launch
PlayStation 3 Delayed Until March 2007 In Europe
Sony’s download service for the PSP, which will allow users to download PlayStation 1 games onto their portables, will be launched simultaneously this Fall with the PS3. The reason for this double launch is because Sony is going to use the PS3 as a hub to manage downloads and digital distribution. So all the original PS1 games and downloaded movies will have to pass through your PS3 before it his your PSP.
This also raises an interesting question. Will the PS3 be able to play back this content as well? We already know that the PS3 will have PS1-era backward compatibility, but will downloaded movies be a part of the Sony PS3 console experience? Will this be in HD, or just PSP-quality? We’ll report as we find out more.
Service due at launch of PlayStation 3 [Games Industry via Gizmodo]
0
SHARESIn looking back, we look ahead. We see where we have succeeded and where we have failed. We refocus our efforts while making necessary adjustments. We learn as we grow. Here is a review of some of the notable stories from the blog over the past 12 months. I tried to focus mainly on local issues. For a month-by-month look at highlights and lowlights at the national level, please read Nathan Winograd’s post.
January 2011
The state of NC ordered a temporary halt to killings at the Robeson Co pound after it was discovered the facility was sending live pets to the dump. The contracted veterinarian who was killing pets for the pound was reportedly failing to properly verify death before the pets were tossed onto the truck for disposal at the nearby landfill. Instead of committing to end the practice of killing healthy/treatable pets by adopting the proven methods employed by no kill communities around the nation, the Robeson Co pound’s response to the discovery of these barbaric practices was to get the manager certified to kill pets in-house.
A ND pound which failed to vaccinate upon intake and further failed to follow its own protocol of not allowing contact between dogs was responsible for the killings of 36 dogs after one dog at the pound tested positive for rabies. Many of the dogs had been adopted out and were living with families at the time the entirely preventable killings took place.
In Amherst Co VA, a pound took a family’s 2 dogs away after their house burned down. Then they oops killed both pets. The pound was reportedly just trying to “help”.
Records obtained from a NC pound confirm that 4 of the Alabama 44 (dogs who were taken from their owner by HSUS) were killed shortly after HSUS dropped them off for disposal as the pound deemed fit.
Harry (left) and Murray were killed after HSUS "rescued" them and sent the dogs to the Lincoln Co shelter in NC.
February 2011
Memphis Animal Services (MAS) director Matthew Pepper refused to allow an owner to redeem his intact dog in violation of the law. The dog died in the pound’s care shortly thereafter. In the face of negative press surrounding the dog’s death, Matthew Pepper dressed up in a dog costume and danced for the TV cameras.
After whistleblowers alleged cruelty and neglect at the pound in the Town of Hempstead, NY, it was reported that the pound’s annual budget of more than $7 million was in part being used to pay the salaries of the pound’s 29 employees – 9 of whom made over $100 grand.
The unwashed masses rallied to save a severely neglected dog named Boomer in Petaluma, CA.
Dayna Kennedy, the shelter manager at UPAWS in MI, offered some great insight on the care and marketing of long term shelter residents.
A compassionate pet advocate sent me a package of photographs and documents to back up allegations of neglect at PAWS Pueblo in CO. When I contacted the board for comment, they did not remember the dogs I was inquiring about (many of whom were long term residents) but nonetheless offered alternative explanations for the neglect including asking me if it rained in SC.
A vet directed PAWS Pueblo to keep 9 year resident Boris out of the sun due to his medical condition. Boris is pictured standing in direct sunlight at PAWS Pueblo.
March 2011
A video surfaced on YouTube showing the director of the Town of Hempstead pound chanting “Kill the Kitty!” while a kitten was being abused by other staff members prior to killing.
In Brown Co OH, a dog warden seized 37 dogs from an owner and, suspecting mange, stuffed them immediately into a homemade gas chamber in order to avoid possible spreading of the skin mites to other pets at the pound.
In Chesterfield Co SC, 22 dogs were shot to death by ACOs at a landfill.
MAS – a facility which does not vaccinate upon intake as a routine disease prevention protocol – responds to a distemper outbreak at the pound with mass killings.
April 2011
A rescuer in Hoke Co NC repeatedly offers to pay for vet care for an emaciated dog at the pound but is refused. The Hoke Co pound allows the dog to suffer and die over a period of weeks.
The live streaming webcams at MAS continue to reveal snapshots of animal cruelty and needless killing.
The Charlotte-Mecklenburg pound tells a TV interviewer the facility is low on cats while failing to mention that most every cat who comes through the door is killed. Many of the cats on the pound’s PetHarbor pages are pictured being cruelly restrained via chokepoles.
A cat futilely attempts to free himself from a chokepole, as pictured on the PetHarbor page for Char-Meck ACC.
May 2011
A good Samaritan took 11 homeless cats and kittens to the Harlingen Humane Society in order to help them find homes. After hearing from the shelter staff that the cats would merely be held for 3 days then killed, the good Sam found alternative shelter for the cats and attempted to retrieve them from the so-called Humane Society. She learned all 11 had been killed immediately upon intake.
Shots from the MAS webcams reveal more animal cruelty while the pound’s stats show that the supposed increase in lifesaving which pound defenders had been touting does not exist.
Memphis rescue group Meows and BowWows shares photos of cats rescued from MAS being shown love and affection.
MAS webcams capture a mama dog and litter of 4 pups being surrendered to MAS. A few days later, the webcams show the staff putting the pups – who were never offered for adoption or even visible to the public – into a trash can which is wheeled to the kill room.
June 2011
I saw a lil punkin on the MAS webcams in obvious need of care and offered to help but it was too late. I was told the dog had been killed in order to “prevent suffering” but MAS records revealed the dog was allowed to suffer without treatment for several days at the pound before they killed her.
The Memphis city attorney threatens me with legal action for trying to help pets at the pound. I perceived the threat as an infringement of my civil rights and asked the TN attorney general to investigate. I have yet to receive a response from the AG.
MAS webcams captured a worker hanging a cat by the neck in kitty tongs prior to killing.
July 2011
Kapone, a family’s beloved Pitbull, goes “missing” after being picked up by a Memphis ACO.
A MI court ordered the killing of Dusty, a shelter dog, based upon a bogus “temperament test”.
Memphis Mayor AC Wharton continues to offer dumb excuses for needless killing at his failed city pound. I continue to debunk them.
Sweet Jane, rescued from MAS after being seen on the webcams, debunks the city’s claims that the Pitbulls in stray area would not make good pets and don’t deserve to be seen by the public.
August 2011
After several months of paid leave, the ACOs in Chesterfield Co SC who were accused of serious crimes, are fired due to budgetary concerns.
Pounds in TX and GA allow dogs to needlessly suffer and die of heatstroke.
In response to cries for an end to the gassing of pets at Shawnee AC in OK, the police chief makes a number of bizarre statements defending the practice.
MAS director Matthew Pepper quits.
I fact check more claims from Memphis regarding the pound and calculate that MAS adopted out 11% of its pets in the first half of 2011.
Because of widespread malfeasance at MAS, which implicates the staff, the director, the city council, the city attorney, and the Mayor, Nathan Winograd and I ask the TN attorney general to initiate litigation with the goal of placing the agency into receivership. We have yet to receive any response from the AG.
A screengrab from the MAS webcams show two workers holding a pair of fighting dogs. Video footage released by the city shows one of the workers beating the dogs with a steel pole.
September 2011
In response to a concerned citizen providing photographic evidence of abuse at a pound in Jeffersonville, IN, the city enacts a new policy that only staff will be allowed in the kennels area in future.
A Utah ACO was charged with animal cruelty after he reportedly left a dog to suffer and die of heatstroke in an outdoor pen, then fabricated a story in the city records about the dog being adopted.
Local volunteers manage to get 165 pets to safety after two county commissioners visited the Mercer Co Animal Shelter in WV and ordered that all pets who had been there more than 10 days be killed due to overcrowding.
The city of Memphis wants to kill the webcams at the pound – I believe I know why.
A video on YouTube appears to show puppies being housed in a pen flooded with filthy water at a pound in Marlboro Co SC.
The unwashed masses coordinate efforts to save a swimmer puppy named Harper after a FL pound determines she should be killed.
October 2011
The pound manager and ACOs at Bay Co AC in FL attempt to justify the facility’s outrageous 76% kill rate while cages sit empty by blaming the public.
The Halifax Humane Society in Daytona Beach, FL announced plans to remove its overnight drop-off cages and put up a gate in front of the parking lot to prevent people from being able to avoid guilt trips from the shelter staff when surrendering pets in person. No word on addressing the reason people were using the drop off cages.
The irresponsible public reunites a stolen dog with his desperate owner in NC.
November 2011
Olympic Animal Sanctuary posted a great video showing how Steve Markwell handled a fearful dog in a high stress environment in a humane manner.
The city of Memphis shut off the public’s view of the pound via the webcams.
The Wake Co Animal Center in NC took a healthy looking dog named Sassy to a local TV studio for a “pet of the day” segment then returned to the pound and killed her.
In response to the public outcry over ASPCA’s publishing, promoting then disappearing of documents on one of its websites which clearly defined the group’s talking points against no kill
advocates, the ASPCA posted a lame-o comment on Facebook amounting to “Whoopsie!”.
After conducting an audit of MAS, the Memphis rotary club reports MAS staff have ties to dogfighting, sell dogs and “supplies” out the back door and that every stuffed shirt in the city was primarily concerned with getting the webcams removed.
Detroit AC killed a friendly dog called Ace despite appeals from citizens and a judge’s order barring the killing.
December 2011
The former medical director of the Humane Society of St. Lucie County in FL went to the media with allegations that pets at the facility were being killed for treatable conditions and were not sedated prior to killing.
Two former employees of Calhoun Co Animal Control in AL make allegations of cruelty at the pound including beating pets to death, dogs being bagged alive after botched heartsticks, and throwing puppies in a sink filled with urine, feces and blood (from previously killed pets) to die slowly after botched kill shots.
The mayor and ACO in New Brockton, AL will both have their animal cruelty cases go to trial after a citizen tipped off the sheriff’s department about the cruel conditions at the local pound.
The SC Law Enforcement Division is investigating embezzled funds at the Charleston Animal Society – the recipient of ASPCA cash – in SC.
The pound in Gregg Co TX killed more than 150 dogs in response to a distemper case at the facility.
The AZ Humane Society convinced an owner of a kitten to surrender his beloved pet in exchange for the promise of prompt vet care and then killed the kitten shortly thereafter. The place then hired a publicist in an attempt to staunch the bleeding of donations from the outraged public.
The actions of good Samaritans led to the return of several stolen pets in different parts of the country.
A recent photo of Kapone with his kids, as posted on Facebook, after a tipster led police to his whereabouts..
As I look over these many stories of neglect, cruelty and needless killing of pets by our municipal animal shelters, I take heart that amidst the betrayal, there are people of compassion and strength fighting the status quo. I know that the hope for the no kill nation which the majority of Americans believe we should be, lives in the hearts of rescuers, pet advocates, average citizens and those shelter workers who are open to embracing change. I feel that 2011 put us closer to achieving our goal and that 2012 will get us even closer still.
“Only connect the prose and the passion and both will be exalted, and human love will be seen at its height. Live in fragments no longer.”
– E.M. Forster, Howard’s End
Dot Kirby/ January 1, 2012
Wow.. what a year.
GOD… Please help me make 2012 a better year for all animals.
Morgana/ January 1, 2012
Shirley: Exquisite round-up of the year. You’ve outdone yourself. Pray all kill-shelter have an epiphany and simply STOP killing in 2012.
KateH/ January 1, 2012
Whatever happened to your FOIA request to Calhoun Co?
YesBiscuit/ January 1, 2012
I filed the request on Dec. 12. On Dec. 19, I hadn’t received any response so sent a request for a status update. I then received a response saying they couldn’t fulfill the request b/c the records had been subpoenaed and I should check back in future. This didn’t make sense to me so I called Tom Sowa, the Calhoun Co attorney and explained to him that AFAIK, just b/c records have been subpoenaed does not release the pound from its obligation to fulfill my FOIA request. He said he would look into it and get back with me but I haven’t heard back from him yet.
Tonya Barker/ January 2, 2012
Shirley-Thanks for putting this together-very heartbreaking but as you said people are fighting back -we need a louder voice. Thank you for all you do for shelter animals nationwide.
YesBiscuit/ January 3, 2012
Thank you Tonya for speaking up, even when it made you unpopular with the shelter staff. We need more people like you who are willing to stand up for the pets in shelters instead of making excuses for mistreatment and killing. The shelters can – and do – make their own excuses. We should not help them do that.
Tonya Barker/ January 3, 2012
Thank you Shirley:) I was able to help alot of dogs , my heart still breaks when I see that picture of Boris. We want a no kill nation and it is important that current no kill shelters are managed correctly. Sadly PAWS is not but there are no kill rescues and shelters that are making a difference. We need to keep that going.
Nicci W/ January 4, 2012
I shared the February post from UPAWS with my fave shelter director! She loved the lonely hearts club idea! Excellent! Thank you!
Chris Whitley/ January 4, 2012
Thank you for the synopis. Makes very sobering and sad reading.
ezbuddy/ January 21, 2012
This is a great short history lesson if the previous year. It reminds me how many times my heart was broken by the animal “shelters” that are really nothing more than houses of horror where death is the status quo & compassion is non-existant.
Everyone here appreciates the hard work you do informing & joining us together as an entity that will stop the killing & correct the injustices the “shelters” are responsible for. Thank you Shirley, and readers who do what is right for the animals. It’s a group of GOOD people.
1963...
This older frame off restoration comes complete with a 426 Superstock Wedge engine with dual quad carburetors and automatic transmission and AM radio. It... MoreThe Alan Partridge Conundrum: Or How Alan Partridge Lost His Edge
Just had my first tattoo but it was a complete accident. I managed to stab myself with a croquill when it was heavy with ink from the above cartoon. I now have a black spot on my thumb that won’t wash off. It’s not too bad, I guess, unless I ever find myself in the company of pirates.
However, whist drawing, I gave more thought as to why the Alan Partridge special on Sky Atlantic, ‘Welcome to the Places of My Life’, was so spectacularly poor. I think the issue has much to do with the reason why the third series didn’t match up to the second. Alan Partridge’s greatest comedic virtue is that we enjoy his failures but only when set against the background of his greater successes. The fact that he’s a third rate Terry Wogan has always been the best joke but the fact that he uses this ‘success’ to settle old scores is where the comedy genius lies. His natural nemesis is the BBC and this lends his adventures a sharp satirical edge that’s missing when he’s reduced to a mere radio presenter. In Series One, the comedy was broader because the Partridge character was working within the context of his own show on the BBC. The character hadn’t quite developed but there was so much potential in what was meant to be his last chance to succeed inside the Beeb. Series Two achieved the perfect balance between the aspiring TV celebrity and the nobody, but, by the third series, the satire had become a little more shallow as Alan’s stature had been reduced.
The forty minute special continued that decline, showing Alan who is by now simply too ordinary. Though the writing was a little weak, the main issue was that there was too little of Alan doing what Alan does best. Conversely, the best parts were those moments when he again had (and demonstrated) power: the parody of BBC documentary about council business where Alan had his old cocky swagger; Alan looking at sheep which remind him of the enemies he made inside the BBC; the walk with the vicar who Alan bullies into speeding up for the cameras; Alan mocking the greengrocer simply for being ordinary. This is Alan Partridge at his best: displaying that familiar power relationship that exists between minor celebrities and their audience. It’s a vainglorious arrogance that is just a short walk from fascism, a celebrity where power corrupts quickly and absolutely. The moment that exemplifies it best was when Alan was fantasising about Hitler taking over Norwich Town Hall. So much more could have been done with this. Partridge’s comedy has always come from the fact that inside this bland TV presenter beats the heart of a tyrant.
If there is ever another series of Partridge, they need to get back to what he does best. They need to give him more power and situations to dominate. Perhaps they should make him run for political office, like a latter day Esther Rantzen. That would be a show I would happily to pay to see.
>> Oven Carry Bag Item #: CBOVEN
List Price: $56.50
Price: $44.99
You Save: $11.51 (20%)
Out of stockQuick View
Camp Chef Outdoor Camp Oven Item #: C-OVEN
List Price: $303.00
Price: $209.99
Special Price: $199.99
You Save: $103.01 (34%)
Camp Oven Pizza Stone Item #: COPS
List Price: $31.50
Price: $25.99
You Save: $5.51 (17%)
Free Shipping
Camp Chef Italia Artisan Pizza Oven Item #: PZOVEN
List Price: $400.00
Price: $349.99
You Save: $50.01 (13%)
Out of stockQuick ViewWar 1812 Niles Weekly Register Lot 1815 New Orleans Andrew Jackson Navy Battles For Sale
UP FOR sale, WE OFFER
NILES WEEKLY REGISTER
1815
A fine early vintageand genuine. A fine group of four issues, quite clean, no odors. News from New Orleans and the command of Gen. Andrew Jackson., says the troops are excited over the news that a treaty has been signed ending the war. [ Several pages devoted to dispatches being received from Gen. Jackson. News and details of the capture of the USS President, the ships of war on the Great Lakes are being removed and dismantled.
Canada has ordered that all American property to be seized. News of war with the Algerian Pirates., long listing of American Prizes taken in the War, listing names of the ships and the cargoes that was sold and profits shared. How the British tried to evade capture and destruction of their weapons and cargo., [ many pages devoted to this action ].
Details of the capture of the USS Essex., the battle and capture with official reports from their Commander. Excellent details on the naval battles off the American coast, the dead and wounded, etc. One issue has a complete long list of the Frigates of war that fought in the war, with the number of cannons, their commanders, the name of the ship, etc., much much more!!
Four excellent issues., one has a few edge tears, no odors, no stains. Each with 16 pages and printed in small type-face and in double columns..
.
This item has been shown 0 times.
War 1812 Niles Weekly Register Lot 1815 New Orleans Andrew Jackson Navy Battles:
$46
1898 Leslie's Illustrated Weekly War Military Anglo American Alliance Ephemera
Antique Letters Stamps Pharmacy Advertising Tobacco Cards Ephemera Lot
Adorable Victorian British Child's Scrapbook - Military, Children's Illus
"freedom In Kansas". Closing Speech Of William H. Seward - April 30, 1858
Super Shock Shows Spookshow Rialto Theatre Herald Morrilton 50s 60s Stage Show
Original Billhead Arbuckle And Company Manufacturers Of Cigars & Pure Candy Etc
Original Bill Head & Envelope Whitehall Mill Co. Wholesale Dealers In Grain 1894
Original Bill Head The Rogers Fence Co., For Lawnmowers Purchased May 11, 1891
Bill Head Barnum Bros. Company Oak Tanned Leather Belting, Troy, N.y. 4/28/1891
Letter To Rpi On Original Bill Head For The Fred J. Meyers Mfg. Co July 15, 1886
Each one teach one.
[Full disclosure: I stole that phrase. From somebody who borrowed the African proverb and tuned it into a philosophy. That somebody is Stephen Leafloor, better known as Buddha, and I stole the phrase from his TEDxOttawa talk… and since those talks are about ideas worth spreading, let’s call this spreading, not stealing.]
At its core, “each one teach one” is about each of us having mentoring responsibility for another. Now, Buddha applies this phrase in an environment where it literally changes peoples’ lives, and I encourage you to learn more about how he is improving the future of our youth through the power of hip hop by clicking on the image to the right. But I want to talk about how this philosophy can help overcome one of the common challenges faced by those who lead customer listening systems: gaining initial buy-in then sustaining momentum for customer-focused action.
If we can embed “each one teach one” into our corporate cultures, we will develop an environment in which each employee feels a sense of responsibility to perform their job functions in a way that sets an example for other employees. This can develop in an organic way, supported of course by communication of the message; but it can also be developed intentionally, by seeding the organization with employee champions who are trained to be advocates for the customer. As their actions and attitude spread through the organization, they will be teaching other employees to think and behave in the same way. And so on, and so on, and so on…
At the recent CXPA Members Insight Exchange, Fidelity was highlighted for their customer ambassador program… proving that it IS possible to launch this type of mentoring initiative and have it be successful. Perhaps each of us can be the ‘each one’ who starts the ball rolling in our organizations.Verifications
- 274 Friends
- Reviewed3 Reviews
Hey, I’m Susan!
San Francisco, California, United States · Member since June 2011
I work at UC Berkeley running an Institute. I have spent time in LA when I ran an arts advocacy organization that represented California arts organizations in Sacramento and Washington, but more recently I was selected by AFI for the Directing Workshop for Women and trained as a film director.
Susan was a great guest. Before she arrived she let me know questions she had about the rental, which I appreciated as it enabled me to be a good, prepared host. When she left the apartment was as requested in the house rules. It would be great if Susan stayed here again.Assortment may vary by store.
Don't let the rain keep you from your daily walk; invest in treadmill machines that provide more of a challenge than traditional speed walking. Kmart offers an entire inventory of treadmills with a maximum incline up to 20 percent, some of which include internet browsing and iFit Live compatibility. Find name brand treadmills from ProForm, Smooth Fitness and Free Motion, and choose from the Epic TL 1700 or Healthrider H95T treadmill with MP3 compatibility and an iPod dock.
On light workout days, invest in yoga and Pilates equipment and accessories. While you rest your muscles from the previous day's workout, yoga helps to stimulate your mind and body with a series of exercises that burn calories and relieve stress. Find exercise balls, mats and complete yoga kits, such as the Sunny Health or Zon pink yoga kit that contains a slip-proof mat, two blocks and a strap. In addition, the Jillian Michaels Ultimate Pilates kit contains an exercise ball, two soft weight balls, a dual-action hand pump and an instructional DVD with a variety of exercises.
Choose the right women's activewear that fits loosely and provides the comfort you need while you train. Shop brand names such as Everlast, Athletech and Joe Boxer, and invest in tops, hoodies, jackets, pants and shorts in sizes from extra small to triple extra large. Select from fleece, knit and woven fabrics, such as Athletech women's ski pants with an elastic waist, zippered and cuffed leg openings and a hook and loop back pocket closure.
Men's activewear is also available including golf apparel, hoodies and athletic tops, pants and shorts. Pick from Athletech, Everlast, Protege and Russell Athletic in sizes ranging from small to extra, extra large. Everlast fleece sweatpants fit loosely and keep you warm on colder training days. Moreover, Athletech Windwear pants shield you from the wind as you walk, run or jog. Ventilated and moisture-wicking activewear is available, such as the Everlast men's quarter-zip pull-over and Protege young men's basketball shorts. Whether you're training to get into shape or playing a game of hoops with the guys, find comfortable men's activewear that fits.
Engaging in various exercises is a great way to get in shape and lose weight. Shop Kmart for more affordable treadmills, yoga equipment and activewear for the entire family.
AdvertisementThe 62 points USC scored Saturday represented more than the highest total the Trojans have ever scored against Cal at Berkeley.
They were the most any opponent has put on the scoreboard at Memorial Stadium, which opened in 1923.
Cal did surrender more in a 72-0 loss to Washington in 1915, but that game was played at old California Field on campus.
Here is a list of games featuring the highest point totals by Cal’s opponents at Memorial Stadium:
62 — USC (62-28) in 2013
59 — Oregon (59-17) in 2012
55 — Arizona (56-55) in 1996*
55 — USC (55-14) in 2001
53 — Kansas (53-7) in 1961
52 — Arizona (52-41) in 2002
52 — Miami (52-24) in 1990
52 — Ohio State (53-34) in 2013
52 — Oregon (52-30) in 1995
50 — USC (50-14) in 1973
50 — Washington (50-31) in 1977
* Cal won 56-55 in 4 overtimes.Filmmaker Sajid Khan, known for giving back-to-back hits "Heyy Babyy", "Housefull" and "Housefull 2", doesn't believe in throwing parties to celebrate the success of his films.
"I don't believe in success parties. Every show where the audience enjoys the film is like a success party to me," said Sajid, whose "Himmatwala(2013)" is set to come out Friday.
He also doesn't take critic ratings very seriously. As far as "Himmatwala(2013)", which stars Ajay Devgn and Tamannaah, goes, he is not expecting any praise from the critics.
Sounding confident about his product, he said: "I knew my film will be a hit when I started writing it. This is my review. I don't even want a half-star review for 'Himmatwala(2013)'. I will not even read one review. I don't hate critics, but I feel that 90 percent of them don't love cinema. They are just doing a job."
When Sajid makes a film, his motto is to entertain.
 argued.
He is sure women will love emotional scenes in "Himmatwala(2013)".
"You will feel proud of being a woman as there are three to four scenes where you will start clapping. It is very relevant today," he said adding that "Women are far superior to men".
His romantic compositions like "Tere bin" and "Tum hi ho" are often ...
1
The motion poster of Ajay Devgn's much-awaited film "Shivaay" is out. ...iHerb Customer Reviews
Items 1-2 of 2 total
Great dental floss, but be careful with the package
7 people found the following review helpful
Posted by odereviews on May 28, 2012.
Good
1 person found the following review helpful
Posted by 5437957212805450639 on Jul 23, 2014
Like the eco-friendly package, the essential oils. But the dental floss is not shred-resistant.
Was this review helpful to you?
Note: iHerb does not imply any medical claims from this review. Disclaimer.
Items 1-2 of 2 totalIrene Kral Live
Irene Kral
Open iTunes to preview, buy and download music.
Album Review."Hotel Online
News for the Hospitality Executive
advertisement
White Lodging to Build a 346-suite Hyatt Place/Hyatt House
Dual-Branded Property in Downtown Denver, Colorado
Construction Start Planned for Fall 2013 with a Spring 2015 Opening
MERRILLVILLE, Ind., April 24, 2013
-- White Lodging Services announced today it will construct a Hyatt Place
701 E. 83rd Ave.
Merrillville, IN 46410
Phone: 219.472.2861
Cell: 317.435.7446
Receive Your Hospitality Industry Headlines via Email for Free! Subscribe Here
To Learn More About Your News Being Published on Hotel-Online Inquire Here
Also See:
White Lodging Names New General Managers for Three Properties in Colorado, Florida and Indiana; Promoting Nick Kelley, Jason Crumpacker and Lynnette Tjaarda
/ April 2013
White Lodging Names New General Managers for Five Properties in Texas and Tennessee
/ March 2013
White Lodging Takes Over Management of the Marriott Fairfax at Fair Oaks in Virginia; Scott Paradine Appointed as General Manager
/ March 2013
White Lodging Promotes Nikki Thomas to Regional Director of Sales & Marketing
/ March 2013
White Lodging Names New General Managers for Six U.S. Hotels and One Chicago Restaurant
/ February 2013
.
To search Hotel Online data base of News and Trends Go to
Hotel.OnlineSearch
|
|
Hospitality News
|
Industry Resources
Please contact
Hotel.Online
with your comments and suggestions.i went to the bathroom and when i wipped there was some blood on the toilet paper
im 26 1/2 weeks
any clue why i havent noticed any more blood
but this concerned me
It could be alot of different things. I would call the doctors office and ask a nurse what she or he thinks you should do.
I would call the doc. They may want to do an u/s to just check everything out
Quoting LittleRedOctopus:
Have you recently had sex? Or an internal exam?
Oh, did you have any clear gooey stuff too? My midwife said sometimes you can lose your mucus plug early on and then regrow a new one to lose later. It's a rare thing but does happen and is no biggie.
I had the same thing @ about 26 weeks ... it only happened a few times and the doctors couldnt figure it out but they may wannacheck your kidneys. Definitly call the doctors!
Quoting Mrs. Bonhote is expecting:
Quoting Mrs. Bonhote is expecting:
Quoting Sarah*Smile:
i havent had sex
i havent had an internal exam
i havent had a yeast infection
Quoting heatherashleyy:
no i didnt notice any clear or gooey [sp]
and ive had mabey 2 or 3 contractions which im pretty sure were just braxton hicks because i havent had any more
Quoting AllYouCanEat BoobieBuffet:<!— PENCIL PUSHDOWN AD TAG —>
Neb.).
Online:
.True Silence - FREE
by Panic Productions, Version: 1.1.1 , 35 KB Official Site
Package name: com.panic , Last Update: 2012-09-10 23:41:48
265 ratings (3.826 average)
10,000-50,000 downloads
Description
Many manufacturers do not allow this with all volume streams and many other applications will only let you set one at a time. True Silence is the only one tap solution to this problem!
True Silence is lightweight, open source, and requires no permissions to run. There are no background services. It is also ad free! Please see the website if you would like to give feedback or contribute in any way.
Other programs can always 'unsilence' you. Android is just built that way, mind your apps. Also this is a widget, remember that you must add it to your home screen via long press.
Last comments from Android Market
andr0id (*****)
This app is great for the annoying camera sounds on Motorola phones. Love it.
Brandon (*****)
Works great on Droid X
cm (****)
Works like a charm to silence camera. Although I noticed when I hit volume rocker on side I still heard that beep when volume changed
hongwei (*****)
Cool.
Leland (*****)
Love it! Mutes your phone camera on droid x you have to add it as a widget though.
jeremy (*)
Downloaded and could not find
Jim (*****)
Does exactly what it claims on the Galaxy S Mesmerize
doris (*****)
The best for silenting the shutter sound. Tried couple of silent camera but doesnt work as good as the built in one which shutter doesnt shut up.
penny (*)
Do not understand what's the meaning of this app
BMcPhee (*****)
Follow the install directions for a simple, invaluable app. Doesn't kill shutter sound on shine plus but nothing else does either.Home Recipes Course Desserts Pudding Recipes Bread Pudding Best Bread Pudding Recipes Share: Best Bread Pudding Recipes Looking for recipes for the best bread pudding? Taste of Home has the best bread pudding View Pumpkin Cranberry Bread Pudding Recipe Sign up for Our Recipeof the Day Newsletter New recipes and fan favorites delivering daily inspiration! SIGN UP More Best Bread Pudding Recipes Sort: Highest Rated Alphabetical Contest Winning Newest < prev | 1 | 2 Breakfast Praline Bread Pudding Breakfast Praline Bread Pudding Baked French toast inspired this simple make-ahead dish that’s perfect for a large holiday meal in the morning. It also travels well. — Erin Furby, Anchorage, Alaska View Recipe < prev | 1 | 2 Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENT Advertise with us ADVERTISEMENTDarryl WADSWORTH, Appellant (Petitioner), v. BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF LINCOLN COUNTY SCHOOL DISTRICT NUMBER TWO, Appellee (Respondent).
[¶ 1] Lincoln County School District Number Two (the District) notified Darryl Wadsworth, a continuing contract teacher in the District, that his contract was to be terminated on grounds of insubordination, incompetence, and poor work performance. Wadsworth requested a hearing before an independent hearing officer, and following that hearing, the Board of Trustees of Lincoln County School District (the Board) issued an order accepting the hearing officer's recommendation and conclusion that good cause existed for the termination of Wadsworth's teaching contract. On appeal, Wadsworth contends that the Board's order was entered in violation of the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act (APA) and Wadsworth's due process rights because some members of the Board did not attend the entire hearing or otherwise review all of the evidence submitted to the hearing officer. We affirm.
ISSUES
[¶ 2] Wadsworth presents the following issues for our review:
1. Does it violate the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act (APA) for the Lincoln County School District Number 2 Board of Trustees to fail to review all the evidence before making its decision in the termination hearing of Darryl Wadsworth?
2. Does it violate due process for the Lincoln County School District Number 2 Board of Trustees to fail to review all the evidence before making its decision in the termination hearing of Darryl Wadsworth?
3. Is the decision of the Board invalid because members of the board failed to review the complete record of the hearing, as required by Wyo. Stat. § 16–3–107(k)?
4. Did the district court err in concluding that violations of due process and the APA were not prejudicial to [Wadsworth]?
FACTS
[¶ 3] The 2010–2011 school year was Wadsworth's tenth year working as a teacher at Star Valley High School in Afton, Wyoming. Wadsworth was a teacher in the Industrial Arts program and taught building construction, applied construction, woods, and cabinetry. In Wadsworth's applied construction class, Wadsworth would pick a construction project in the community, based on a bidding process, and under Wadsworth's supervision, the students would complete the project. On these projects, a contract would be entered into and the owner of the project would be responsible for the cost of materials plus an agreed upon percentage of the costs, which would be paid to the District to support the program.
[¶ 4] On September 13, 2010, Wadsworth was called to a meeting with the Star Valley High School principal, Shannon Harris, and the District superintendant, Jon Abrams, to discuss concerns they had with Wadsworth's work performance. A number of the concerns discussed during the September meeting related to a concession stand/restroom project Wadsworth's applied construction class worked on during the 2009–2010 school year, which, because of deficiencies in work and a failure to timely complete the project, resulted in nearly $100,000.00 of unanticipated costs to the District.1 Other concerns discussed during the meeting included unsafe practices at applied construction worksites, low student enrollment in Wadsworth's classes, and Wadsworth's public airing of complaints regarding the District's administration while visiting a local barber shop.
[¶ 5] Following the meeting on September 13, 2010, the District superintendent issued a memorandum summarizing the meeting, which memorandum is referred to throughout the record as the “FICA memo.”2 The FICA memo directed Wadsworth to: 1) adhere to an earlier Board directive requiring students to wear hard hats and steel-toed boots, in addition to safety glasses, on construction projects, unless and until Wadsworth received Board approval of an alternative safety plan; 2) provide to Principal Harris or her designee a building timeline and schedule for any future applied construction project; 3) establish better oversight of finances on any future applied construction project to ensure an understanding of the money that will be made by the project and that the budget makes allowances for student safety equipment; 4) follow his chain of command to address concerns with District administration rather than publicly discussing such complaints; and 5) market his industrial arts classes to increase student enrollment.
[¶ 6] On April 14, 2011, Wadsworth was called to a meeting with Principal Harris and her assistant principal, Homer Bennett, to discuss the FICA memo. Principal Harris summarized the discussion during the meeting as follows:
Homer Bennett and I met with Darryl Wadsworth on April 14, 2011 to follow-up on the FICA memo written by Supt. Abrams on September 13, 2010. In that meeting I asked Darryl about his follow through on the things he had been asked to complete as outlined in the FICA memo.
I asked if he had provided a building schedule to myself, or any of the principals regarding his current project? He said, “no”. I asked if he had a contract for the current project? He said, “no”. I asked if he had a set amount that they would earn on the current project? He said, “I don't know.” I asked if there was a contract or any kind of agreement in place? He said that he had given a contract to Mr. Hansen but it was never filled out or signed by anyone. I then asked if he had provided a completion timeline and progress reports for the current project to myself or any other administrator? He said, “No, I did not.” I then asked if the students had been wearing the required steel-toed boots and hard hats on the applied project this year. He said, “No, but they have worn safety glasses.” I then asked him if he had a project lined up for the coming school year. He said, “No, but I am currently working on that.” He went on to say that he was waiting to see how many sections of the applied class he would have for the coming year before deciding on how big of a project to take on and once those numbers were set he would get to work on pinning down a project. I then asked him what he had done to market his class? He indicated that he had talked to business owners, contractors, and kids in his classes to encourage them to take other classes he offered. When I asked if he had done anything to market his classes to the incoming ninth grade students he said that the counselors had invited him to prepare something or present but that he had not done anything because the counselors met with those students every hour or so over a couple of days and he couldn't be at the middle school that much.
When I asked what he expected when he had failed to do every single thing the memo outlined he said, “I don't know, I guess I expected that you as the building principal should have followed up on those things and reminded me.” When I asked why he didn't comply with or respond to my e-mail, dated 9–10–10, which clearly stated that if he wanted the Board to re-consider the requirement for requiring hard hats and steel-toed boots in the applied class that he needed to give me a proposal and rationale. He indicated once again that I should have sent more than one e-mail and followed up with him.
When I asked why after having a conversation with the Supt. and myself in September, and receiving a FICA memo from the Supt. which he signed and returned, he didn't do any of the things that he had been asked to do or that were clearly spelled out in the memo. He indicated that the memo “flusterated him and he just put it out of his mind.”
[¶ 7] On April 14, 2011, during a regularly scheduled Board meeting, Superintendant Abrams met with the Board in executive session and presented his recommendation to terminate Wadsworth's teaching contract. The Board thereafter returned to its public meeting, and during the public portion of its meeting, the Board voted to accept the recommendation of Superintendant Abrams “to give termination notice pursuant to section 21–7–110 and 21–7–106 of Wyoming Statutes and to terminate the contract of Darryl Wadsworth.”
[¶ 8] On April 15, 2011, the District issued Wadsworth written notice of its intent to terminate his teaching contract, effective May 27, 2011. The District cited incompetence, unsatisfactory work performance, and insubordination as grounds for the termination of Wadsworth's teaching contract. More specifically, the District cited to Wadsworth's failure to comply with the requirements of the FICA memo, including: a failure to require his students to wear hard hats and steel-toed boots; a failure to market his classes to increase student enrollment; a failure to secure a construction project for his applied construction class for the 2011–2012 school year; a failure to provide a building timeline and schedule for his applied construction 2010–2011 project; and a failure to follow his chain of command to address concerns with the school administration rather than voicing those concerns publicly.
[¶ 9] On April 22, 2011, Wadsworth timely requested a hearing before an independent hearing officer pursuant to Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 21–7–110. In keeping with the statute then in effect, the District and Wadsworth jointly selected a hearing officer, and an evidentiary hearing was scheduled for August 2–3, 2011.3
[¶ 10] On July 28, 2011, Wadsworth filed a motion to void the termination proceedings or to continue the proceedings to allow for discovery related to Board bias and to voir dire the Board. Through this motion, Wadsworth asserted that the Board's consideration of Superintendant Abrams' recommendation to terminate Wadsworth's teaching contract before the notice was issued to Wadsworth tainted the Board and made it impossible for Wadsworth to have a fair hearing before an impartial decision maker. The hearing officer denied Wadsworth's motion to void or continue the proceedings, denied the motion to conduct discovery, and ruled that the request to voir dire the Board was premature and could be raised when the hearing officer forwarded his recommended decision to the Board.
[¶ 11] An evidentiary hearing was held before the hearing officer on August 2–3, 2011. On August 18, 2011, Wadsworth renewed his motion to void the termination proceedings and to voir dire the Board. On August 19, 2011, the hearing officer denied the motion to terminate proceedings but granted the motion to voir dire the Board prior to its deliberations on any recommended decision by the hearing officer.
[¶ 12] On August 19, 2011, the hearing officer issued a recommended decision through a twenty-two page document entitled Findings and Recommendation of the Hearing Officer. The hearing officer recommended that Wadsworth's teaching contract be terminated for insubordination. In so recommending, the hearing officer found that the evidence supported some of the District's alleged grounds of insubordination, but not all of them. The hearing officer further found that the evidence did not support the District's allegations of incompetence and poor work performance. The hearing officer explained his conclusions, in part:
7. Incompetence is ordinarily based upon deficiencies in a teacher's classroom teaching performance. Actions demonstrating incompetence may include a lack of knowledge of the applicable subject matter a teacher is required to teach, an inability of the teacher to impart knowledge effectively to the students, and an incapacity to perform the duties of a teacher. See, generally, 68 Am.Jur.2d, Schools, § 211.
8. Mr. Wadsworth taught students effectively at Star Valley High School for 10 years. There is no evidence in this case that he was an incompetent teacher at any time, and, accordingly, the superintendant has failed to prove by a preponderance of the evidence that Mr. Wadsworth should be terminated for incompetence or unsatisfactory performance as a teacher.
9. The Wyoming Supreme Court has defined insubordination as “a constant or continuing intentional refusal to obey a direct or implied order, reasonable in nature, and given by and with proper authority.” Board of Trustees v. Colwell, 611 P.2d 427, 434 (Wyo.1980). The elements of insubordination are:
a. Persistent course of
b. willful defiance in
c. refusing to obey
d. a reasonable
e. direct or implied order or rules and regulations
f. given by or with proper authority.
․
10. Based upon the elements of insubordination, the hearing officer finds that the superintendant has failed to prove by a preponderance of the evidence that the following matters constituted insubordination:
a. The so-called “barber shop” conversation, in which Mr. Wadsworth complained publicly about the school administration, may have been unwise or unprofessional, but, as a citizen, Mr. Wadsworth had a right to say the things he said, and they did not constitute insubordination.
b. Mr. Wadsworth's marketing of his classes to potential students may not have been everything that Ms. Harris or Mr. Abrams desired, but the evidence is that he made some reasonable efforts to recruit students and did not persistently and willfully refuse to market his classes. Mr. Wadsworth's conduct in this regard did not constitute insubordination.
11. Based upon the elements of insubordination, the hearing officer finds that the superintendant has proven by a preponderance of the evidence that the following matters constituted insubordination:
a. Mr. Wadsworth's persistent and willful pattern of disregarding the Board's directive that his applied construction students wear hard hats and steel-toed boots while working on construction projects. The Board had authority to give this directive, and Mr. Wadsworth did not have the discretion to substitute his judgment for the Board's in that regard. The directive was a reasonable attempt by the Board to safeguard the lives and health of students, and the Board provided funding for the safety equipment. The directive was clearly communicated to Mr. Wadsworth on multiple occasions. Mr. Wadsworth was given a reasonable opportunity to present information to the Board in order to obtain changes in the directive, but he did not do so, and therefore it was unreasonable for him to persistently disregard the directive. Mr. Wadsworth's disregard of the Board's directive in this regard constituted insubordination.
b. Mr. Wadsworth's failure to provided (sic) a building schedule for the 2010–11 Jerry Hansen construction project to Principal Harris or to any other school administrator. The problems that occurred on the 2009–10 concession/restroom project were not grounds for termination of Mr. Wadsworth's contract after the 2010–11 school year, but they provided a context within which specific directives were given to Mr. Wadsworth so that the 2009–10 problems would not be repeated. The September 13, 2010 letter provided Mr. Wadsworth with a reasonable opportunity to improve his performance with regard to the management of construction projects for the school district, but he failed to take advantage of that opportunity. The directive to provide a construction schedule for future projects was reasonable and was clearly communicated to Mr. Wadsworth. He persisted in persistently and willfully refusing to provide administrators with a construction schedule. He had no reasonable excuse for not doing so.
c. Likewise, Mr. Wadsworth's failure to exercise better oversight over construction project finances by establishing a project budget in the context of a project contract constituted insubordination. The directive and its purpose were clearly communicated to Mr. Wadsworth, and he persistently and willfully failed to comply with the directive during the 2010–11 school year. The consequences of his failure to comply mirrored, to some extent, the financial consequences of the concession/restroom project of 2009–10, in that the school district realized no monies from the Jerry Hansen project and in fact incurred expenditures and lost money on the project..
13. The three circumstances of insubordination outlined above constitute good cause for termination of the teaching contract of Darryl Wadsworth, and the superintendant has met his burden of proving by a preponderance of the evidence that his recommendation for termination is proper under W.S. § 21–7–110(a).
[¶ 13] On August 26, 2011, Wadsworth filed his objections to the hearing officer's recommended decision, contending that the findings of insubordination were unsupported by the evidence. On August 30, 2011, the Board met in executive session to allow Wadsworth to voir dire the Board, to hear argument from Wadsworth and the District on the hearing officer's recommended decision, and to deliberate on the recommended decision. During the voir dire, it was revealed that not all Board members had reviewed the entire evidentiary record. Two Board members had listened to all of the testimony given at the hearing, either in person or on tape, while the other Board members participating in the deliberations and decision had listened to only parts of the testimony. Counsel for Wadsworth objected to the Board voting on the hearing officer's recommended decision before having reviewed the entire evidentiary record:
And I would indicate for purposes of the record, that, Mr. Copenhaver [Board Counsel], that one of our primary arguments is that the hearing officer made findings that are not supported by the evidence, and, therefore, it's necessary, if you're going to evaluate that decision, to look at the evidence. And if you don't do so, that, in my view, would be arbitrary and capricious. And they can take whatever advice they want to, but I want to be very clear what our position is.
[¶ 14] At the conclusion of the hearing, the Board voted to accept the recommendation of the hearing officer and to authorize the Board chairman to sign a written decision consistent with the Board's determination. Thereafter, on September 6, 2011, the Board issued its written decision and order. The Board's decision memorialized its acceptance of the hearing officer's recommendation, but it also further concluded that the hearing officer's findings of fact supported termination of Wadsworth's teaching contract on the ground of poor work performance. The Board's decision provided:
The Board accepts the Conclusions of Law as recommended by the independent hearing officer except as otherwise set forth below.
The Board specifically accepts the conclusion and recommendation of the independent hearing officer that there was established satisfactory evidence of insubordination by Wadsworth to support a recommendation for the termination of his contract as noted in the Conclusions of Law recommended by the independent hearing officer.
The Board accepts the conclusion of the independent hearing officer that there was not sufficient evidence of incompetence to support a recommendation for the termination of Wadsworth's contract.
The hearing officer seems to have combined the separate legal bases for termination of unsatisfactory performance with incompetence. Unsatisfactory performance is a distinct, independent and separate legal basis for a recommendation of termination for incompetence. The Legislature added unsatisfactory performance as a reason for termination subsequent to having set forth incompetence as a statutory basis for termination and clearly intended for it to be a separate and distinct basis [from] incompetence. The Findings of Fact as made by the independent hearing officer which have been accepted by the Board of Trustees support a conclusion that Wadsworth's performance was unsatisfactory and constitutes a legal basis for the termination of his contract.
[¶ 15] Wadsworth filed a petition for review in district court, asserting as error the Board's consideration of the termination recommendation before the termination notice was issued to Wadsworth, the Board's meeting in executive session with counsel for the District before the termination notice was issued to Wadsworth, and the Board's failure to review the entire evidentiary record before making a decision to accept the hearing officer's recommended decision. The district court affirmed the Board's decision.
[¶ 16] Wadsworth timely filed his notice of appeal. On appeal to this Court, Wadsworth has limited his allegations of error to the Board's failure to review the entire evidentiary record before making its decision to accept the hearing officer's recommended decision.
STANDARD OF REVIEW
[¶ 17] in accordance 18] Under this statute,). “ 19]. “ ‘We review an agency's conclusions of law de novo, and will affirm only if the agency's conclusions are in accordance with the law.’ “ Kenyon, ¶ 13, 247 P.3d at 849 (quoting Moss v. State ex rel. Wyo. Workers' Safety & Comp. Div., 2010 WY 66, ¶ 11, 232 P.3d 1, 4 (Wyo.2010)).
DISCUSSION
[¶ 20] Wadsworth contends that the Board's failure to independently review the entire evidentiary record before entering its decision terminating his teaching contract violated the Wyoming APA and violated his due process rights. We address each argument in turn.
A. Wyoming APA
[¶ 21] In dismissing Wadsworth, the Board exercised its statutory authority pursuant to Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 21–7–110, which, when Wadsworth received his April 2011 termination notice, provided in relevant part:
(a) The board may suspend or dismiss any teacher or terminate any continuing contract teacher for incompetency, neglect of duty, immorality, insubordination, unsatisfactory performance or any other good or just cause.
․
(c) Any continuing contract teacher receiving notice of a recommendation of termination under W.S. 21–7–106(a) or against whom dismissal or suspension proceedings are instituted is entitled to a hearing before an independent hearing officer on the recommendation or the reasons for dismissal or suspension, upon submission of a written request to the superintendent․
(d) ․ The hearing shall be conducted in accordance with the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act and the hearing officer may accordingly receive or reject evidence and testimony, administer oaths and if necessary, subpoena witnesses. All school district records pertaining to the teacher shall be made available to the hearing officer.
․
(g) The board shall review the findings of fact and recommendation submitted by the hearing officer and within twenty (20) days after receipt, issue a written order to either terminate, suspend or dismiss the teacher, or to retain the teacher. If the board terminates, suspends or dismisses the teacher's employment over a recommendation by the hearing officer for retention, the written order of the board shall include a conclusion together with reasons supported by the record.
Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 21–7–110 (LexisNexis 2011) (emphasis added).4
[¶ 22] Wadsworth acknowledges the statutory role of a hearing examiner in teacher contract termination proceedings, but he contends that the Wyoming APA imposes a separate duty on the Board to itself independently review the entire evidentiary record before acting on a hearing examiner's recommended decision. Specifically, Wadsworth cites to the following language in the Wyoming APA:
The agency shall consider the whole record or any portion stipulated by the parties. In the event a recommended decision is rendered all parties shall be afforded a reasonable opportunity to file exceptions thereto which shall be deemed a part of the record. All parties as a matter of right shall be permitted to file a brief with the agency and oral argument shall be allowed in the discretion of the agency.
Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 16–3–109 (LexisNexis 2013) (emphasis added).
[¶ 23] Wadsworth's argument requires that we determine the meaning of sections 21–7–110 and 16–3–109 and how the two statutes operate together. In accordance with our rules of statutory interpretation, our primary goal must be to determine the legislature's intent. Rock v. Lankford, 2013 WY 61, ¶ 19, 301 P.3d 1075, 1080 (Wyo.2013); Redco Constr. v. Profile Props., LLC, 2012 WY 24, ¶ 26, 271 P.3d 408, 415 (Wyo.2012). When reviewing statutes relating to the same subject or having the same general purpose, we must consider the statutes together and strive to construe them in harmony, Rock, ¶ 19, 301 P.3d at 1080, and we recognize that specific statutes control over general statutes dealing with the same subject. Rock, ¶ 37, 301 P.3d at 1085; Gronberg v. Teton County Hous. Auth., 2011 WY 13, ¶ 45, 247 P.3d 35, 45 (Wyo.2011); Qwest Corp. v. PSC of Wyo., 2007 WY 97, ¶ 32, 161 P.3d 495, 503 (Wyo.2007).
[¶ 24] Applying these rules of interpretation, we are unable to accept Wadsworth's argument that a school board is statutorily required to independently review the entire evidentiary record received by the hearing officer. Instead, we conclude that sections 21–7–110 and 16–3–109 read together require only that a school board review a hearing officer's findings of fact and conclusions of law, and any objections or exceptions thereto, before accepting a recommended decision.
[¶ 25] We begin by considering the language of section 21–7–110, the provision that applies specifically to contested cases before a school board. By its plain terms, section 21–7–110 requires a school board to “review the findings of fact and recommendation submitted by the hearing officer and within twenty (20) days after receipt, issue a written order.” Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 21–7–110(g) (LexisNexis 2013). It is only “if the board terminates, suspends or dismisses the teacher's employment over a recommendation by the hearing officer for retention,” that a school board is required to go beyond the hearing officer's findings and recommendation and articulate its decision “with reasons supported by the record.” Id. There is otherwise no language in the statute requiring a board to independently review the entire evidentiary record received by the hearing officer.
[¶ 26] We next consider then whether the Wyoming APA's more general requirement that an agency consider the whole record in deciding a contested case mandates the separate and independent evidentiary review urged by Wadsworth. We find that it does not. Although section 16–3–109 does require that an agency consider the whole record, it does not require by its plain terms that the record review be performed by the ultimate decision maker. Moreover, the APA's mandated consideration of the whole record is not inconsistent with the Board's specific statutory authorization to rule based on a hearing officer's findings of fact and recommendation. Section 21–7–110 specifies that a hearing officer presiding over a contested case in a teaching contract dispute will conduct the hearing in accordance with the Wyoming APA and will receive evidence from both the teacher and the superintendant. See Wyo. Stat. Ann. § 21–7–110(d)–(f). In other words, the hearing officer's recommended decision is statutorily required to be based on the whole record. Thus, when a school board adopts a hearing officer's recommended decision, it is in fact issuing an order based on consideration of the whole record.
[¶ 27] This reading of the Wyoming APA is consistent with the Act's purpose. We have observed:
A basic purpose of the [Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act] is to assure that the controverted issues underlying such a proceeding ․ will be fully developed and supported on the record by material and substantial evidence and upon which the agency, as the finder of fact, must adjudicate the matter. The objective, of course, is to avoid agency action upon an assumption of facts undisclosed by such evidence. Without reasonable adherence to that objective the contemplated safeguards of a direct and convenient court review, even though somewhat limited, would be frustrated.
State ex rel. Wyo. Workers' Safety & Comp. Div. v. Carson, 2011 WY 61, ¶ 14, 252 P.3d 929, 933 (Wyo.2011) (quoting Board of County Comm'rs v. Teton County Youth Servs., 652 P.2d 400, 413–14 (Wyo.1982)).
[¶ 28] When a school board enters a decision on a teacher contract dispute based on a hearing officer's consideration of the whole record, the above-identified objectives are met. The findings and conclusions adopted by the board can be reviewed against the record to ensure they are supported by substantial evidence and to ensure that all material evidence was addressed by the decision. See Jacobs, ¶ 8, 301 P.3d at 141 (substantial evidence standard applies to agency findings of fact); Decker v. State ex rel. Wyo. Med. Comm' n, 2005 WY 160, ¶ 27, 124 P.3d 686, 695 (Wyo.2005) (agency decision must include findings showing agency carefully weighed all material evidence offered by parties). Judicial review thus provides a safeguard to ensure that a school board's decision is based on consideration of the whole record, whether consideration of the record is completed by the school board itself or by a hearing officer appointed to perform the task.
[¶ 29] Notably, Wadsworth does not challenge the Board's decision on the ground that it is unsupported by substantial evidence. Nor does Wadsworth identify evidence that the Board's decision failed to address. Instead, Wadsworth argues for different inferences and conclusions to be drawn from the evidence. For example, Wadsworth argues that he “testified at the hearing that he did not view the items in the memo as a ‘directive,’ but rather as suggestions,” and if he “did not view the items in the memo as directives, he obviously did not have the requisite state of mind to willfully defy or refuse to obey them.” With respect to this particular testimony, the findings and conclusions accepted by the Board included the following:
[Finding of Fact No. 25] The parties take differing views of the significance of the September 13, 2010 letter. Superintendant Abrams testified that the letter provided Mr. Wadsworth with “a clear direction,” that Mr. Wadsworth was expected to do the things outlined in the letter, and that Mr. Wadsworth's failure to comply with the letter's directives is the basis for the superintendant's recommendation that Mr. Wadsworth's teaching contract be terminated. On the other hand, Mr. Wadsworth testified that he thought the letter was “a suggestion of things that had to be worked on. These were things that were recommended.” He did not see the September 13, 2010 letter as a “pressing issue,” or “as a contract or directive on things that had to happen this school year.” “It was never clear to me that these things had to happen,” Mr. Wadsworth testified.
[Conclusion of Law No..
[¶ 30] The hearing officer, and the Board, through its adoption of the hearing officer's findings and conclusions, did consider Wadsworth's testimony, and, both the hearing officer and the Board rejected the inference Wadsworth argued should be drawn from his testimony. Wadsworth's argument on appeal thus does not identify a failure of the Board to consider the whole record. The argument is instead an invitation to this Court to substitute its judgment for that of the Board, something we have consistently declined to do. See Workers' Comp. Claim v. State ex rel. Wyo. Med. Comm'n & Wyo. Workers' Safety & Comp. Div., 2011 WY 49, ¶ 16, 250 P.3d 1082, 1086 (Wyo.2011) (quoting Newman v. State ex rel. Wyo. Workers' Safety & Comp. Div., 2002 WY 91, ¶ 12, 49 P.3d 163, 168 (Wyo.2002)) (“If the agency's decision is supported by substantial evidence, we cannot properly substitute our judgment for that of the agency and must uphold the findings on appeal.”).
[¶ 31] Any decision entered by a school board in a contested case must, as required by section 109 of the Wyoming APA, reflect that it is based on consideration of the entire record. Section 109 does not, however, impose a requirement that a school board personally and independently review the evidentiary record received by a hearing officer. We thus find no violation of the Wyoming APA in the Board's acceptance of the hearing officer's recommended decision without first independently reviewing the entire evidentiary record.
B. Due Process
[¶ 32] Wadsworth next contends that the Board violated his due process rights when it accepted the hearing officer's recommended decision without independently and personally reviewing the evidentiary record received by the hearing officer. We find no due process violation in the Board's action.
[¶ 33] This Court has observed the following with respect to due process protections:
Due process is a flexible concept which calls for such procedural protections as the time, place, and circumstances demand. Cleveland Bd. of Education v. Loudermill, 470 U.S. 532, 542–43, 105 S.Ct. 1487, 84 L.Ed.2d 494 (1985); Wilson v. Board of Indiana Employment Sec. Div., 270 Ind. 302, 309, 385 N.E.2d 438, 444 (1979), cert. denied, 444 U.S. 874, 100 S.Ct. 155, 62 L.Ed.2d 101 (1979). In order to determine the specific dictates of due process in a given situation, it is necessary to balance three distinct factors: (1) the private interest that will be affected by the official action; (2) the risk of an erroneous deprivation of such interest through the procedures used, along with the probable value, if any, of additional or substitute procedural safeguards; and (3) the government's interest, including the function involved and the fiscal and administrative burdens that the additional or substitute procedural requirements would entail. Mathews v. Eldridge, 424 U.S. 319, 335, 96 S.Ct. 893, 903, 47 L.Ed.2d 18 (1976).
State v. Robbins, 2011 WY 23, ¶ 13, 246 P.3d 864, 866 (Wyo.2011).
[¶ 34] Wadsworth argues that in the context of a contested case hearing on his contract termination, due process demands that the school board either read or listen to the entire evidentiary record received by the hearing officer. In support of this argument, Wadsworth cites the United States Supreme Court decision in Morgan v. United States, 298 U.S. 468, 56 S.Ct. 906, 80 L.Ed. 1288 (1936) and this Court's decision in Wyoming State Dep't of Educ. v. Barber, 649 P.2d 681 (Wyo.1982). Neither decision mandates the independent record review urged by Wadsworth.
[¶ 35] In Morgan, the Supreme Court announced the following due process requirements for administrative decision making:.
Morgan, 298 U.S. at 481–82, 56 S.Ct. at 912.
[¶ 36] Courts and other authorities have widely rejected the interpretation of Morgan asserted by Wadsworth. For example, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals has held that due process does not require an “administrative decision-maker in an appeal from a hearing officer recommendation to read (or listen to) the entire transcript (or tape recording) of the hearing before issuing an administratively final decision.” Yaretsky v. Blum, 629 F.2d 817, 822 (2d Cir.1980), reversed on other grounds 457 U.S. 991, 102 S.Ct. 2777, 73 L.Ed.2d 534 (1982). In so ruling, the Second Circuit stated:․
2 Davis, Administrative Law s 11.03 at 44–45 (1958) (footnotes omitted).
Yaretsky, 629 F.2d at 823.
[¶ 37] Another court cited a similar scholarly treatise in rejecting an argument that all members of an administrative board must be present at the entire hearing during a contested case:
There is no requirement that all members of the board be present at the entire hearing. As stated in Koch:
Chief Justice Hughes in a classic case, Morgan v. United States, (Morgan I ) [298 U.S. 468, 56 S.Ct. 906, 80 L.Ed. 1288 (1936) ] pronounced that “the one who decides must hear.” The statement pervades administrative law but it does not actually reflect the rule of Morgan I: “Instead, he used ‘hear’ in a nonaural sense, as meaning that the one who decides must give heed to the case and, directing his mind to it, must be the one who actually exercises the deciding function. The one who decides in form must be the one who decides in fact.” According to the Attorney General's Manual, this interpretation was incorporated in the APA and hence the Manual said: “Nothing in the Act is intended to preclude agency heads from utilizing the services of agency employees as assistants for analysis and drafting [citing Morgan I].” Under this doctrine the agency head or appellate body need not even read the entire record.
1 C. Koch, supra, at § 6.78 (footnotes omitted).
In re San Nicolas, 1990 WL 291963, 1 N.M.I. 105, 111 (N.M.I.1990).
[¶ 38] In addressing whether a foreign service officer had been discharged from his position in compliance with applicable regulations, the U.S. Supreme Court itself observed:
We do not, of course, imply that the Regulations precluded the Secretary from discharging any individual without personally reading the ‘complete file’ and considering ‘all the evidence.’ No doubt the Secretary could delegate that duty. But nothing of the kind appears to have been done here.
Service v. Dulles, 354 U.S. 363, 387 n. 40, 77 S.Ct. 1152, 1165, 1 L.Ed.2d 1403 (1957); see also Guerrero v. New Jersey, 643 F.2d 148, 150 (3d Cir.1981) (no due process violation where Board of Medical examiners revoked physician's license on basis of an ALJ's report containing findings of fact and conclusions of law, written exceptions to report, and oral argument); Megill v. Board of Regents, 541 F.2d 1073, 1080 (5th Cir.1976) (no due process requirement that each administrative board member “individually inspect every line of the record as compiled by the Board and the hearing examiner”); Bates v. Sponberg, 547 F.2d 325, 332 (6th Cir.1976) (no violation of due process when decision-making body voted on appeal from an administrative adjudication without reading the transcript, relying on summary report); Estate of Varian v. Commissioner, 396 F.2d 753, 755 (9th Cir.1968) (requirement that “the one who decides must hear ․ means simply that the officer who makes the findings must have considered the evidence or argument”); Sheikh v. Med. Bd. of California, 2010 WL 2793551, * 4 (E.D.Cal.2010) (no due process requirement that deciding body personally read record before accepting ALJ's recommended decision to revoke physician's license); Hawkins v. Board of Education, 468 F.Supp. 201, 210 (D.Del.1979) ( “An administrator or Board may retain the decision-making authority and validly delegate to subordinates the responsibility of holding a hearing, analyzing the evidence, and making recommendations.”); City of Cedar Rapids v. Municipal Fire & Police Retirement Sys., 526 N.W.2d 284, 293 (Iowa 1995) (findings of fact and conclusions of law provided sufficient basis for full board to acquire “personal understanding” of evidence); Crow v. Industrial Comm' n, 104 Utah 333, 140 P.2d 321, 322 (Utah 1943) (due process requirements met if decision maker has access to findings, conclusions, and oral or written report thereof).
[¶ 39] This Court has itself not interpreted Morgan as imposing a mandate as onerous as the evidentiary record review that Wadsworth advocates. In Barber, we rejected an argument that the ultimate administrative decision maker must be present during the evidentiary hearing, observing:
It seems to be the appellee's position that adjudicatory action by an agency is, for some unexplained reason, violative of due process if the agency officials whose responsibility it is to make the ultimate decision are not present when the evidence is received. This contention was rejected long ago by the United States Supreme Court in Morgan v. United States, 298 U.S. 468, 56 S.Ct. 906, 80 L.Ed. 1288 (1936) (Morgan I). In that case, it was established that deciding officers need not take evidence and all that is required is that they understand the evidence before rendering a decision. See: 3 Davis, Administrative Law Treatise, § 17:2, p. 280–281, (2nd Ed.1980). The general rule is that due process is satisfied as long as the deciding officials understand and consider the evidence before rendering a decision. White v. Board of Education, 54 Haw. 10, 501 P.2d 358 (1972); Matter of University of Kansas Faculty, 2 Kan.App.2d 416, 581 P.2d 817 (1978); Application of Puget Sound Pilots Association, 63 Wash.2d 142, 385 P.2d 711 (1963); Pettiford v. South Carolina State Board of Education, 218 S.C. 322, 62 S.E.2d 780 (1950).
Barber, 649 P.2d at 688 (emphasis added).
[¶ 40] In Barber, the record reflected that the state board had in fact reviewed the entire evidentiary record before making its decision. Barber, 649 P.2d at 687. We can discern no reason, however, to deviate from the widespread authority holding that a decision maker's understanding of the evidence can, consistent with due process requirements, be gleaned from a hearing officer's findings of fact, conclusions of law, recommended decision, and any written or oral argument related thereto. Indeed, at least three of the decisions this Court relied on in its Barber holding expressly recognized that the ultimate decision maker was not required to personally listen to or read all of the evidence before accepting a recommended decision. See In re University of Kansas Faculty, 2 Kan.App.2d 416, 581 P.2d 817, 823 (Kan.Ct.App.1978) (“In apprising itself of the evidence, the deciding authority is not precluded from obtaining the aid of competent assistants who may sift and analyze the evidence.”); White v. Bd. of Education, 54 Haw. 10, 501 P.2d 358, 361–62 (Haw.1972) (requirement that decision maker consider evidence satisfied by consideration of exceptions to proposed decision and oral argument thereon); Pettiford v. South Carolina State Bd. of Educ., 218 S.C. 322, 62 S.E.2d 780, 789 (S. Carolina 1950) (evidence taken may be sifted and analyzed by competent subordinates).
[¶ 41] We conclude our due process analysis by returning to our required balancing of Wadsworth's private interest at issue, the risk of an erroneous deprivation of that interest through the procedures used, and the Board's need to rely on the procedure used. See Robbins, ¶ 13, 246 P.3d at 866. In conducting this balancing, we are aided by this Court's decision in Barber.
[¶ 42] In Barber, the Department of Education denied Barber's request for a school superintendent's certificate, which certificate was a prerequisite to Barber accepting a superintendent position in Fremont County. Barber, 649 P.2d at 683. Barber requested a hearing, and the board appointed a hearing officer to conduct a contested case hearing on Barber's request for a superintendant's certificate. Id. Following the hearing, the hearing officer submitted proposed findings and conclusions and recommended that Barber be denied the superintendant's certificate. Id. at 683–84. The board accepted the hearing officer's recommended decision. Id. at 684.
[¶ 43] On appeal, Barber argued that the board had denied him due process because the individual members of the board were not present at the hearing and because the board had appointed an independent hearing officer to conduct the hearing. Barber, 649 P.2d at 687. This Court rejected Barber's due process challenge, explaining:
The reason behind the rule is that in many circumstances, particularly with a body like Wyoming's State Board of Education, it is not possible for all members to be present at all proceedings at all times. Section 9–4–112(a) recognizes this fact and provides for procedures to insure only that the most important of all of the aspects of agency adjudication is met-that being the requirement that the hearing be conducted in a fair, open, and impartial manner by unbiased officials. See: Board of Trustees, Laramie County School District No. 1 v. Spiegel, Wyo., 549 P.2d 1161 (1976); Fallon v. Wyoming State Board of Medical Examiners, Wyo., 441 P.2d 322 (1968); Lake De Smet Reservoir Company v. Kaufmann, 75 Wyo. 87, 292 P.2d 482 (1956).
Barber, 649 P.2d at 688.
[¶ 44] In balancing the due process factors in this case, we adhere to our reasoning in Barber. Wadsworth's private interest is similar to the private employment-related interest at issue in Barber. While we recognize that such a private interest is substantial, we conclude that the procedure used by the Board in this case adequately safeguarded Wadsworth's interest and did not violate his due process rights. The voting Board members indicated that they had reviewed the hearing officer's findings, conclusions and recommended decision, as well as Wadsworth's objections thereto. They also heard oral argument by Wadsworth. Wadsworth received notice of the basis for his contract termination, an opportunity to be heard before a neutral hearing officer, including the right to present evidence and cross-examine evidence against him, and ultimately an opportunity to be heard by the Board. We thus find no due process violation.
CONCLUSION
[¶ 45] The Board did not violate the Wyoming APA or Wadsworth's due process rights by accepting the hearing officer's recommended decision without independently reviewing the entire evidentiary record received by the hearing officer. Affirmed.
HILL, Justice.Why Do AC Units Break?
The change of seasons is an excellent time to complete a spring and summer to-do list. ...
21 Incredible Sunroom Designs
What is Gentle Dentistry?
From Reilly Dental
Georgia Planting Guide
814 Juniper Street Northeast, Atlanta, GA 30308
619 E College Avenue, Decatur, GA 30030
1989 N Williamsburg Drive, Decatur, GA 30033
544 Medlock Road, Decatur, GA 30030
3334 Peachtree Road NE, Atlanta, GA 30326
3495.Port Essington, inlet of the Arafura Sea, indenting the north shore of the Cobourg Peninsula, at the extreme north of the Northern Territory, Australia. About?CHARLOTTE, N.C.--The Rev. Jesse Jackson Sr. said Monday he's not certain whether his ailing son will stand for re-election.
U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. (D-Il.) is still being treated at the Mayo Clinic for bi-polar disorder. The congressman and his wife, Ald. Sandi Jackson (7th) are skipping this week's Democratic National Convention.
Sandi Jackson has insisted that her husband--who faces two nominal opponents-- has every intention of running for re-election. She has said she's holding down the fort until he is physically able to return to the campaign trail.
But, Rev. Jackson was not at all certain about that.
Asked point-blank whether his son would be a candidate for re-election, the elder Jackson said, "I don't know. His health is his priority and any decision on that will be made with his doctors."
Pressed on when that decision would be made, the Rev. Jackson said, "The first issue is his health. He and his doctors will determine that at the appropriate time. That's all I have to say."
If his son decides to retire from politics, the Rev. Jackson was asked how he feels about his daughter-in-law replacing her husband. He wouldn't touch the subject with a ten-foot pole.
"Oh, I can't comment on anything like that. That's inappropriate," he said, cutting off the conversation.
The Rev. Jackson did say that his son loves conventions and misses the action in Charlotte.
"Given the give and take of this political process--he enjoys this. This is his life. But, his focus must be on his health," the elder Jackson said.
"We've urged him to make his health and recovery a priority--and he's doing that."
If he is unable to serve the district now, he should resign.
If he runs for re election and wins, which seems likely in this district and then resigns to appoint a person he wants in office, that person should not be allowed to serve and a new election should be held at the personal expense of Mr. Jackson.May 22, 2015
Shell Point Beach, Florida --
Hundreds of sailors packed Shell Point Beach for the 38th annual Stephen Smith Memorial Regatta.
Stephan Smith was a local sailor who died of cancer. Now every year people from around the country come to Shell Point to sail in his honor and raise money for cancer research. The event raises $15,000 on average each year for the American Cancer Society, and sailing enthusiasts get to sail for a good cause.
Bill Olson said, "It's a terrible thing to have happen and we just want to do our best to support research and hopefully one day cure the disease."
Over the past 38 years, the regatta has raised more than $400,000 dollars. The money goes directly to the local Big Bend chapter.
For more information on the memorial regatta.- $468 shopbop.comSimilar itemA single breasted J Brand blazer with a slim peaked lapel. 3 welt front pockets. Back vent. Lined. Fabric: Soft twill. Shell: 100% triacetate. Lining: 100% acetate. Dry clean. Imported, China. COLOR: White is brighter than it appears in still photos. Measurements Length: 24.5in / 62cm, from shoulder Measurements from size S. Available sizes: L,M,XS
- 
- $126 $189 amazon.comSimilar itemEveryday classic meets downtown cool with our essential denim jacket, reimagined in a slim fit with a 6-button closure. It's snug at the shoulders and crops above the waist, with ample cuffs for easy rolling.
-  kateblossomStyling idea
- $193 shopbop.comSimilar itemA: S
- .
- $230 allsaints.comPeople also likedSingle breasted, notched lapels, no front fastening, rolled sleeves, front flap pockets. Loose fitting. 78% viscose, 22% polyester, fully lined. Dry clean only. Made in: Turkey.
- $110 .
- By thatkiddjayCollection
- $47 axparis.comPeople also likedNo item description
- By mynameisbossStyling
- .
- By vesperatomStyling idea
-  maskeraderCollection
- People also likedBlazer. Very dark navy (almost black) with fine stripes. Material has a nice sheen to it so great for a smart/casual evening look. Size UK 12. Brand : ALL SAINTS.
- By tokyoparisStyling.
- $595 allsaints.comPeople also likedCropped, asymmetric front fastening, fringe detail, shiny gunmetal zips, belted waist. Easy fitting. 100% suede, fully lined. Specialist dry clean only. Made in: India.
- .
- By lala-lalaxCollection
- .
- Styling idea increased
The adj increased has 1 senses? (first 1 from tagged texts)
1. (30) increased
(made greater in size or amount or degree)What You Should Know
View Our Top Choice Today!
One of the newest anti-aging products popping up on store shelves would have to be Perlabella. Perlabella certainly take a unique approach to anti-aging skin care, in that their product is packaged in individual, single-dose “pearls.” These Perlabella pearls seem to actually be heavy gel caps that contain a quantity of the product that is designed for a single use. Users twist off the top of the “pearl” and sqeeze out the cream. It’s certainly a novel form of packaging, but what does Perlabella really have to offer consumers who are serious about getting rid of wrinkle?
Once you get past the pearl packaging, you’ve got the actual Perlabella formula. It turns out that Perlabella actually comes in several different recipes, each one of which is designed to treat a specific skin concern. The four available Perlabella products are: Retinol Face, Q10, Vitamin C and Retinol Eye. Cearly, the Perlabella Retinol Eye pearls are intended specifically for treating the under-eye area of the skin, which can be very sensitive. The Vitamin C Perlabella pearls are intended as a protective measure against environmental free radicals. Not surprisingly, the Q10 pearls feature Coenzyme Q10, which is a popular ingredient is numerous anti-aging products. Finally, the retinol-face cream features the “highest available” concentration of retinol.
Product Details
It seems that Perlabella pearls were originally available exclusively at Walgreens, but they are now also found on Amazon and in some beauty product boutiques. If the Amazon prices for Perlabella are standard, than this product retails for $19.99. However, the pearls are not sold via the official manufacturers website. Perlabella products were apparently created in Italy, and much is made of the product being an “Italian beauty sensation.” It seems that Perlabella pearls are sold in bout 7-count and 28-count packs, and each “pearl” is intended to be a single-use dose, meaning that a product like the Vitamin C Perlabella pearls that is directed to be taken twice daily will use up two “pearls” per day.
The Good
- The amount of product to be used is already conveniently portioned out for you.
- Some consumers might find Perlabella’s novel package idea fun.
The Bad
- We could find no full ingredient lists for any of the Perlabella products.
- At $19.99 for 7 “pearls”, this could become a rather expensive weekly habit.
- While they do a lot to protect against free radicals, we found no Perlabella product that addressed collagen production.
- We can’t help but feel that Perlabella’s “pearls” are a little bit gimmicky.
- No full ingredient list found on the official website.
The Bottom Line
Perlabella does seem to be a fun skin care option. However, fun might not be what very many skin care consumers are looking for. These “pearls” probably will be fairly effective at combating free radicals if they contain the amounts of Vitamin C and Retinol implied. However, we found no ingredients in Perlabella products that would boost collagen production, and we believe that this is crucial in any real wrinkle fighting product.
i just received Perlabella capsules in the mail as a free trial and a $10.00 coupon off and 2 $1.00 coupons off too. I used the Retinol Face and the Q10 Face which were my free samples. 7 capsules of each kind were sent to me. Both seem to work the same they are like silk on your face which makes your makeup go on so much more smoothly. Im 53 with a few lines on my face and I compare it to MURADs serum which I payed $75.00 for. Its a temparary fix but it works nicely. Smooths out my wrinkles for my foundation to go on smoothly. Ill use up my coupons and then have to think about using it more because of the cost
Is there anywhere I can purchase the Perlabella capsules for $10.00 as oppose to $20.00. I bought them 3x’s in the past for $21.00, (exspensive) I love the way it goes on my skin and look under my make up, but I don’t think I can keep up with it because of the cost. Where ca I might buy it for half price, Was told sometimes they give specials, but where?
I juar bought the 28 beads of the Q10 face serum at Walgreens in Michigan for $10.49 on sale
I meant to say I just bought them
$19.99 is for 28, NOT 7. Dr. Oz show mentioned that retinol loses potency when exposed to light, hence the perfect capsules. Even lotions and creams are exposed to light, so this product is perfect.
Perlabella Hyalauronic Acid was not mentioned and is great for “plumping. Walgreens online sells 3 products for $19.99, and the Coenzyme Q10 (with Vit E) for $16.99 (but not the Vit C). I’m 67 and can go without makeup. Skin feels great and makeup goes on smoothly.Brand Names: US
Cleocin; Cleocin-T; Clindacin ETZ; Clindacin Pac; Clindacin-P; Clindagel; ClindaMax;: Crohn’s disease, regional enteritis, ulcerative colitis, or very loose stools called antibiotic-associated colitis.
What are some things I need to know or do while my child takes this drug?
All products:
- Tell dentists, surgeons, and other doctors that your child is using this drug.
-.
All skin products:
- Do not use coverings (bandages, dressings, make-up) unless told to do so by the doctor.
- It may take several weeks to see the full effects.
- Talk with your child’s doctor before you use other drugs or products on your child’s skin.
Foam, solution, and swab:
- This drug may catch on fire. Do not use near an open flame or while smoking.
Vaginal:
- Do not let your child douche or use other vaginal products like tampons while she is using this drug. Your child may need to avoid these things for some time after care ends. Talk with the doctor.
- Do not give to your child longer than you have been told. A second infection may happen.
If your child is or may be sexually active:
- Be sure your child does not have sex while using this drug. Your child may need to avoid sex for some time after care ends. Talk with the doctor.
- Condoms or diaphragms may not work to prevent pregnancy or stop the spread of diseases like HIV that are passed through the blood for a period of time after your child stops this drug. Your child will need to use some other kind of birth control for some time after care ends. Be sure you know how long your child will need to do.
All skin products:
- Very bad skin irritation.
- Peeling.
- Swelling.
Vaginal:
- Very bad vaginal irritation.
- Vaginal itching or discharge.
- Pain when passing urine.
-.
- Burning.
- Itching.
- Dry skin.
- Redness.
- Oily skin.
Foam:
- Headache.
Vaginal:
- Vaginal irritation.
Vaginal cream:
- Headache.
- Back pain.
- Hard stools (constipation)..
- Wash your hands before and after use.
All skin products:
- Clean affected part before use. Make sure to dry well.
- Do not give by mouth. Use on your child’s skin only. Keep out of your child’s mouth, nose, and eyes (may burn).
- Shake lotion well before use.
- Put a thin layer on the affected part and rub in gently.
- If using pledgets (swabs), take pledget from the foil just before use. Use 1 time and throw away. More than 1 pledget may be used.
Foam:
- Put foam onto a cool surface or into a cap. Do not place foam in your hands.
- Read the package insert for more details.
Vaginal:
- Use vaginally.
- Read the package insert for more details.
- Keep out of your child’s suppository if the foil pouch that holds this drug is torn, open, or not sealed all the.
- Protect from light.
- Store in a dry place. Do not store in a bathroom.
- Keep all drugs out of the reach of children and pets.
- Check with your pharmacist about how to throw out unused drugs.
Foam, solution, and swab:
- Protect from heat and sunlight. Do not puncture or burn even if it seems empty.indamycin (Topical)Printed on May 22, 2015, 10:07 am [P-387893]Press release from Business Wire
American Financial Group, Inc. Announces Third Quarter and Nine Month Results
<ul> <li class='bwlistitemmargb'> <i><b>Third quarter core net operating earnings $0.82 per share; Net earnings $2.39 per share</b></i> </li> <li class='bwlistitemmargb'> <i><b>Adjusted book value per share of $42.72; up 11% from year end</b></i> </li> <li class='bwlistitemmargb'> <i><b>Repurchased 4.3 million shares during the quarter</b></i> </li> <li class='bwlistitemmargb'> <i><b>2012 core operating earnings guidance increased to $3.10 - $3.50 per share</b></i> </li> </ul>
Monday, October 29, 2012
American Financial Group, Inc. Announces Third Quarter and Nine Month Results17:48 EDT Monday, October 29, 2012 CINCINNATI, Ohio (Business Wire) --.96.. Three months ended Nine months ended In millions, except per share amounts September 30, September 30, 2011 2011 2012 (adjusted) 2012 (adjusted) Components of net earnings attributable to shareholders: Core net operating earnings(a)$78$92$253$257Non-Core Items: Realized gains on securities 55 5 92 14 Gain on sale of subsidiary 101 - 101 - Special A&E charges((b)) (21 ) - (21 ) (38 ) AFG tax case resolution 28 - 28 - Other (15 ) - (15 ) - Net earnings attributable to shareholders $ 226 $ 97 $ 438 $ 233 Components of diluted earnings per share: Core net operating earnings(a)$0.82$0.91$2.59$2.47Non-Core Items: Realized gains on securities 0.59 0.04 0.95 0.13 Gain on sale of subsidiary 1.07 - 1.04 - Special A&E charges((b)) (0.23 ) - (0.22 ) (0.37 ) AFG tax case resolution 0.30 - 0.29 - Other (0.16 ) - ( 0.15 ) - Diluted earnings per share $ 2.39 $ 0.95 $ 4.50 $ 2.23 Footnotes (a) and (b) are contained in the accompanying Notes To Financial Schedules at the end of this release. S. Craig Lindner and Carl H. Lindner III, AFG's Co-Chief Executive Officers, issued this statement: “We are encouraged by the continued positive momentum in our annuity operations, which posted record profitability in the third quarter of 2012. P&C results were solid, especially considering the effects of the Midwest drought and a continued low interest rate environment. Teams in both of these areas of our business have successfully maintained the focus and exercised the discipline needed for strong core earnings. “We remain committed to deploying excess capital in an effective manner. AFG's share repurchases during the first nine months of 2012 were made at approximately 89% of the Company's September 30, 2012 book value per share. We expect to repurchase about $450 million of our common stock in 2012. With approximately $575 million of excess capital at September 30, 2012 (including parent company cash of approximately $300 million), our financial strength also positions us for healthy, profitable organic growth and for opportunities to expand our specialty niche businesses through acquisitions and start-ups that meet our return thresholds. “We have increased our core net operating earnings guidance for 2012 to be in the range of $3.10 - $3.50 per share, up from the $3.00 - $3.40 estimated previously. This guidance excludes losses from Hurricane Sandy that exceed our normal projected catastrophe load in the fourth quarter. Our core earnings per share guidance excludes non-core items such as realized gains, significant A&E charges and annuity unlockings, losses or loss recognition in our run-off long-term care business, as well as other significant items that may not be indicative of ongoing operations.” Specialty Property and Casualty Insurance Results The P&Cspecialty insurance operations generated an underwriting profit of $16 million in the 2012 third quarter, compared to $58 million in the third quarter of 2011. The $42 million decline was due primarily to losses of $12 million in our crop insurance business and approximately $25 million lower favorable reserve development in several of our Specialty Casualty businesses. Losses from catastrophes totaled $5 million in the third quarter of 2012, compared to $13 million in the 2011 third quarter. Results for the 2012 third quarter include $9 million (1 point on the combined ratio) in favorable reserve development. By comparison, favorable reserve development in the third quarter of 2011 was $34 million (4 points). Underwriting profit for the first nine months of 2012 was $116 million, compared to $142 million in the comparable 2011 period. Gross and net written premiums decreased by approximately 4% and 1%, respectively, for the third quarter when compared to the 2011 periods. The decrease in premiums was primarily attributed to lower premiums in our crop insurance business, which were offset by increases in most of our other businesses. Gross and net written premiums were up 2% and 4%, respectively, for the 2012 nine month period compared to the same period a year earlier. This growth was driven by higher premiums in our Specialty Casualty Group. Further details of the Specialty P&C operations may be found in the accompanying schedules. The Property and Transportation Group reported a small underwriting profit in the 2012 third quarter, compared to an underwriting profit of $5 million in the 2011 third quarter. Crop losses resulting from the effects of the Midwest drought more than offset improved profitability in other businesses in this group. The $12 million in crop losses recorded in the third quarter represent the full extent of losses estimated for the year, as the Company expects any additional losses to be within the scope of its stop loss reinsurance agreement. Underwriting profit in the first nine months of 2012 decreased approximately $5 million from the comparable 2011 period. Most businesses in this group had solid underwriting margins through the first nine months of 2012. Gross and net written premiums in this group were lower in the third quarter and first nine months of 2012, primarily a result of lower crop commodity prices. Increased premiums in our transportation, property and inland marine and ocean marine businesses offset these declines somewhat. Renewal pricing was up approximately 4% for the quarter and 3% for the year to date in this group. The Specialty CasualtyGroup reported an underwriting profit of $8 million in the 2012 third quarter, compared to an underwriting profit of $20 million in the third quarter of 2011. Improved profitability in our social services and excess and surplus operations was more than offset by lower favorable development in our general liability, workers' compensation and run-off casualty businesses. Year to date 2012 underwriting profits were $7 million higher than the comparable 2011 period, primarily due to higher favorable reserve development in our general liability lines and improved profitability in our international businesses, which offset lower profitability in our excess and surplus and executive liability operations. Most businesses in this group produced strong underwriting profit margins through the first nine months of 2012. Gross and net written premiums grew by double digit percentages in both the third quarter and nine month periods in 2012 when compared to the same prior year periods. Our workers' compensation, excess and surplus and targeted markets operations were the primary sources of the growth in this group. Increased business opportunities arising from larger exposures and general market hardening have contributed to the increased premiums in this group. Pricing was up approximately 5% for the third quarter and 4% for the first nine months of 2012. The Specialty Financial Group reported a small underwriting profit in the third quarter of 2012, compared to an underwriting profit of $24 million in the third quarter of 2011. Underwriting profit was $28 million and $52 million for the first nine months of 2012 and 2011, respectively. Losses from a run-off book of automotive-related business, as well as lower favorable development during the third quarter were the primary drivers of these results. Most of the businesses in this group achieved good underwriting margins during the first nine months of 2012. Gross and net written premiums were 4% and 5% higher, respectively, in the 2012 third quarter when compared to the 2011 third quarter, primarily the result of increased premiums in our financial institutions business. Gross and net written premiums were up 6% and 2%, respectively, for the first nine months of 2012 when compared to 2011. Higher gross written premiums resulted primarily from a service contract business initiated in the second quarter of 2011. All of these premiums were ceded under a reinsurance agreement. Pricing in this group was up approximately 1% for the third quarter and first nine months of 2012. Carl H. Lindner III stated, “I am pleased with the overall results in our P&C operations through the first nine months of the year. Drought conditions in the Midwest were the worst we've seen in 25 years, adversely affecting yields in our key corn and soybean producing states. Our commitment to strategic use of reinsurance in our crop operations has been instrumental in helping us to contain losses from these extreme drought conditions in the Midwest. Additionally, AFG's third quarter catastrophe losses represented less than one point on our combined ratio. I am encouraged that we have continued pricing momentum in our P&C businesses and anticipate opportunities for continued price increases throughout 2013. With today's low fixed income yields, we and the industry need strong underwriting results to achieve healthy returns on equity. About three-fourths of our P&C businesses achieved price increases through the first nine months, and almost all continue to achieve solid underwriting profits. We remain on target to achieve our 2012 operating goals.” Annuity and Supplemental Insurance Results The A&S. For the first nine months of 2012, the A&S Group reported record core operating earnings before income taxes of $224 million, compared to $157 million in the 2011 period. This 43% increase resulted from the same factors that contributed to the quarterly increase. Our Medicare supplement and critical illness businesses contributed pre-tax earnings of $28 million through the date these operations were sold in August 2012. Statutory premiums of $801 million in the 2012 third quarter were approximately 19% lower than the third quarter of 2011, in line with our expectations. The continued low interest rate environment was a key factor in actions taken early in the third quarter to lower crediting rates and agent commissions on several of our products, which resulted in a slowdown in sales. Statutory premiums of $2.7 billion for the first nine months were 2% lower than the comparable 2011 period as strong growth the first six months of the year was tempered by lower third quarter sales. Craig Lindner noted, “I'm very pleased with the growth in earnings of our annuity business, which is largely the result of the premium growth we have achieved over the last several years, accompanied by pricing discipline and excellent investment returns.” As previously announced, AFG sold its Medicare supplement and critical illness businesses to Cigna Corporation for approximately $305 million in cash and recorded an after-tax gain of approximately $101 million on the sale, subject to post-closing adjustments. A further continuation of the low interest rate environment is likely to lead to loss recognition in AFG's long-term care business. As previously announced, the Company has initiated an external actuarial study of this business. This study supplements our regular internal analysis of our experience and is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of this year. Modifications to actuarial assumptions in these businesses could also result in a charge to earnings. Any such charge would be excluded from core earnings, if material. Similarly, AFG performs a review (“unlocking”) of its major actuarial assumptions of its life and annuity businesses throughout the year. Changes in assumed investment yields and other actuarial assumptions in these businesses could also affect earnings. Craig Lindner added, “We now expect that full year 2012 core operating earnings before income taxes in our annuity and supplemental operations will be 25% - 30% higher than our 2011 results, even with the absence of earnings from our Medicare supplement and critical illness operations for the last four months of 2012. This guidance does not reflect potential significant unlocking or long-term care loss recognition. Based on current market conditions and trends, we expect annuity sales for the full year of 2012 to be slightly lower than annuity sales in 2011.” Further details of the Annuity and Supplemental insurance operations may be found in the accompanying schedules. A&E Reserves Management has conducted comprehensive studies of its asbestos and environmental reserves with the aid of outside actuarial and engineering firms and specialty outside counsel every two years with an in-depth internal review during the intervening years. During the third quarter, AFG completed an internal review of its asbestos and environmental exposures relating to the run-off operations of its P&C group and its exposures related to former railroad and manufacturing operations and sites. property and casualty exposures was 16.4 times paid losses for asbestos reserves and 10.7 times paid losses for total A&E reserves. These ratios compare favorably with industry data published by Conning Research and Consulting, Inc. in June 2012, which indicate that industry A&E survival ratios were 10.1 for asbestos reserves and 9.0 for total A&E reserves at December 31, 2011. Excluding amounts associated with the settlements of two large asbestos claims, AFG's three year survival ratio was 9.9 and 7.3 times paid losses for the asbestos reserves and total A&E reserves, respectively. Investments AFG recorded third quarter 2012 net realized gains on securities of $55 million after tax and after deferred acquisition costs (DAC), compared to $5 million in the comparable prior year period. After-tax, after-DAC realized gains for the first nine months of 2012 were $92 million, compared to $14 million in the same period in 2011. Unrealized gains on fixed maturities were $789 million, after tax, after DAC, at September 30, 2012. Our portfolio continues to be high quality, with 86% of our fixed maturity portfolio rated investment grade and 95% with a National Association of Insurance Commissioners' designation of NAIC 1 or 2, its highest two categories. During the first nine months of 2012, P&C investment income was 6% lower than the comparable 2011 period, information in this press release should be read in conjunction with financial and investment supplements that are available in the Investor Relations section of our website at. The company will hold a conference call to discuss 2012 third quarter results at 11:30 am (ET) tomorrow, Tuesday, October 30, 2012. Toll-free telephone following the completion of the call, at approximately 2:00 pm (ET) on October 30, 2012, and will remain available until 11:59 pm (ET) on November 6, 2012. To listen to the replay, dial 1-800-585-8367 (international dial in 404-537-3406) and provide the conference ID 37220633. 6, 2012 AND SELECTED BALANCE SHEET DATA(In Millions, Except Per Share Data) Three months ended Nine months ended Sept 30, Sept 30, 2011 2011 2012 (adjusted) 2012 (adjusted) Revenues P&C insurance premiums $ 848 $ 835 $ 2,091 $ 2,043 Life, accident & health premiums 80 107 290 324 Investment income 327 310 981 916 Realized gains 241 8 300 24 Income (loss) of managed investment entities: Investment income 31 27 92 78 Gain (loss) on change in fair value of assets/liabilities (13 ) 1 (63 ) (54 ) Other income 49 47 135 136 1,563 1,335 3,826 3,467 Costs and expenses P&C insurance losses & expenses 864 777 2,014 1,951 Annuity, life, accident & health benefits & expenses 255 278 803 803 Interest on borrowed money 22 21 64 63 Expenses of managed investment entities 19 17 58 53 Other operating and general expenses 118 86 320 279 1,278 1,179 3,259 3,149 Operating earnings before income taxes 285 156 567 318 Provision for income taxes(c) 74 48 184 126 Net earnings including noncontrolling interests 211 108 383 192 Less: Net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests (15 ) 11 (55 ) (41 ) Net earnings attributable to shareholders $226 $97$438 $233 Diluted Earnings per Common Share $2.39 $0.95$4.50 $2.23 Average number of Diluted Shares 94.6 101.3 97.4 104.1 Sept 30, December 31, Selected Balance Sheet Data: 20122011 Total Cash and Investments $ 28,037 $ 25,577 Long-term Debt $ 966 $ 934 Shareholders' Equity(d) $ 4,779 $ 4,411 Shareholders' Equity (Excluding appropriated retained earnings & unrealized gains/losses on fixed maturities)(d) $ 3,881 $ 3,779 Book Value Per Share: Excluding appropriated retained earnings $ 51.40 $ 43.32 Excluding appropriated retained earnings and unrealized gains/losses on fixed maturities $ 42.72 $ 38.63 Common Shares Outstanding 90.8 97.8 Footnotes (c) and (d) are contained in the accompanying Notes To Financial Schedules at the end of this release. AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.P&C SPECIALTY GROUP UNDERWRITING RESULTS(Dollars in Millions) Three months endedSept 30, Pct.Change Nine months endedSept 30, Pct.Change2012 20112012 2011 Gross written premiums$1,509 $1,575 (4 %) $3,356 $3,277 2 % Net written premiums$908 $915 (1 %) $2,247 $2,168 4 % Ratios (GAAP):Loss & LAE ratio 68 % 66 % 61 % 61 % Expense ratio 30% 27% 33% 32% Combined Ratio (Excluding A&E) 98% 93% 94% 93% Total Combined Ratio 102% 93% 96% 96% Supplemental:(e)Gross Written Premiums: Property & Transportation $ 981 $ 1,104 (11 %) $ 1,840 $ 1,918 (4 %) Specialty Casualty 376 325 16 % 1,100 967 14 % Specialty Financial 152 146 4 % 415 391 6 % Other - - - 1 1 - $1,509 $1,575 (4 %) $3,356 $3,277 2 % Net Written Premiums: Property & Transportation $ 539 $ 575 (6 %) $ 1,158 $ 1,175 (1 %) Specialty Casualty 243 220 10 % 734 645 14 % Specialty Financial 108 103 5 % 303 297 2 % Other 18 17 6 % 52 51 2 % $908 $915 (1 %) $2,247 $2,168 4 % Combined Ratio (GAAP): Property & Transportation 100 % 99 % 97 % 96 % Specialty Casualty 97 % 91 % 94 % 94 % Specialty Financial 99 % 76 % 91 % 84 % Aggregate Specialty Group 98 % 93 % 94 % 93 % Three months endedSept 30, Nine months endedSept 30,2012 20112012 2011Reserve Development Favorable/(Unfavorable): Property & Transportation $ 2 $ (3 ) $ 14 $ 23 Specialty Casualty (3 ) 23 25 50 Specialty Financial 5 9 16 9 Other 5 5 7 10 Aggregate Specialty Group Excluding A&E 9 34 62 92 Special A&E Reserve Charge - P&C Run-off (31 ) - (31 ) (50 ) Other - - (8 ) - Total Reserve Development Including A&E $(22)$34 $23 $42 Points on Combined Ratio: Property & Transportation - (1 ) 1 2 Specialty Casualty (1 ) 11 4 8 Specialty Financial 5 9 5 3 Aggregate Specialty Group 1 4 3 5 Footnote (e) is contained in the accompanying Notes To Financial Schedules at the end of this release. AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.ANNUITY & SUPPLEMENTAL INSURANCE GROUPSTATUTORY PREMIUMS(Dollars in Millions) Three months endedSept 30, Pct.Change Nine months endedSept 30, Pct.Change2012 20112012 2011 Retirement annuity premiums: Individual SP-Fixed & Indexed* $ 459 $ 569 (19 %) $ 1,475 $ 1,402 5 % Bank SP-Fixed & Indexed* 199 244 (18 %) 733 820 (11 %) Education Market-403(b) 51 60 (15 %) 177 194 (9 %) Education Market-Variable 14 17 (18 %) 46 52 (12 %) Total Annuities 723 890 (19 %) 2,431 2,468 (1 %) Run-off Long-Term Care 20 21 (5 %) 60 62 (3 %) Life Insurance 8 6 33 % 26 24 8 % 28 27 4 % 86 86 - Total Excluding Medicare Supplement & Critical Illness 751 917 (18 %) 2,517 2,554 (1 %) Medicare Supplement & Critical Illness** 50 75 (33 %) 200 228 (12 %) Total statutory premiums$801$992(19%)$2,717$2,782(2%) * “SP” represents Single Premium. ** Medicare Supplement and Critical Illness premium amounts include only premiums received prior to August 31, 2012, the effective date of the sale of these businesses. AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP, INC.Notes To Financial Schedules a) GAAP to Non GAAP Reconciliation - Components of core net operating earnings: Three months ended Nine months ended In millions Sept 30, Sept 30, 2011 2011 2012 (adjusted) 2012 (adjusted) P&C operating earnings $ 71 $ 121 $ 274 $ 342 Annuity & supplemental insurance operating earnings 81 47 224 157 Interest & other corporate expense (36) (31 ) (119) (105 ) Core operating earnings before income taxes 116 137 379 394 Related income taxes 38 45 126 137 Core net operating earnings $78 $92 $253 $257 b) Reflects the following effects of special A&E charges during the first nine months of 2012 and 2011 ($ in millions, except per share amounts): Pre-tax After-tax EPS 2012 2011 2012 2011 2012 2011 A&E Charge: P&C insurance runoff operations Asbestos $ 19 $ 28 $ 12 $ 18 Environmental 12 22 8 14 $ 31 50 $ 20 $ 32 $ 0.20 $ 0.31 Former railroad & manufacturing operations Asbestos $ 2 $ 3 $ 1 $ 2 Environmental - 6 - 4 $ 2 $ 9 $ 1 $ 6 $ 0.02 $ 0.06 c) Operating income before income taxes includes $18 million and $64 million in non-deductible losses attributable to noncontrolling interests related to managed investment entities in the third quarter and first nine months of 2012, and $8 million of non-taxable income and $47 million of non-deductible losses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2011, respectively. d) Shareholders' Equity at September 30, 2012 includes $789 million ($8.68 per share) in unrealized gains on fixed maturities and $109 million ($1.21 per share) of retained earnings appropriated to managed investment entities. Shareholder's Equity at December 31, 2011 includes $459 million ($4.69 per share) in unrealized gains on fixed maturities and $173 million ($1.76 per share) of retained earnings appropriated to managed investment entities. The appropriated retained earnings will ultimately inure to the benefit of the debt holders of the investment entities managed by AFG. e) Supplemental Notes: lending and leasing institutions (including collateral and mortgage protection insurance), surety and fidelity products and trade credit insurance. Other includes an internal reinsurance facility. American Financial Group, Inc.Diane P. Weidner, 513-369-5713Asst. Vice President - Investor RelationsorWebsites:Thanks for taking part in our “DMC Docs on TV!” project. To submit your request, click the "E-Mail My Request" link below, then copy the text indicated on this page into the e-mail, and fill in the blanks. Please provide your three choices for time of day you’re available, plus your name and affiliation. Recordings take place in 30-minute increments, on the hour and half-hour. (We will send a confirmation of your session appointment time, plus instructions and directions.)
COPY THIS SECTION into the E-mail, and fill in the blanks:Thursday Feb 5 at Prus Auditorium, 2nd Fl, Harper University HospitalAvailable Time Slots: 7:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. on the hour and half-hour (Example: 9 a.m., 9:30 a.m., 10 am, etc. ).
1st Choice:2nd Choice:3rd Choice:Name:Specialty:DMC Hospital:Phone:Pager:E-Mail My Request!NOTE: If you can't schedule a time slot this Thursday, we may be scheduling one more taping session in March 2009.Catalogue Number: 283-7223
- Revitalise your skin & reduce the appearance of wrinkles in just 1 go
- Enriched formula with Boswelox, collagen biospheres & unique phyto-complex
- 50ml Wrinkle Decrease Day Cream offers UVA & UVB protection from the sun
Buy on Tesco Direct from:
£11.00
Earn 11 Clubcard points
.You are going to Watch Voltron Force 2011 Episode 3 online free episodes with HQ / high quality. Stream Anime Voltron Force 2011 Episode 3 Online Defenders of the Universe, Maahox splices Kala, a master strategist, with a spider Robeast and sends it to fight Voltron as Wade goes insane and kidnaps the Alliance and replaces its soldiers with robots. As the Lions fight Kala and Keith fights Wades robots, Wade sends a massive Lion to fight both Voltron and Kala. As they form Voltron to fight off a Massive Kala, combined with Wade’s Lion, they learn that their attacks aren’t working and all but the Black Lion are too weak to form the Blazing Sword. But, after a boost from Vince’s Voltcom, Voltron is at full power and defeats Kala. Maahox, a scientist who seeks to revive Lotor, succeeds in bringing him back to life and explains how long he has been gone and the changes that have been made to his army.
18 / 20
- 2 ratings.
! Broken - Missing Video Report !
Having trouble watching videos?
What kind of do you see ?
Video not found: series-folder/episode-name.flv
Q:EM-1 uses Panasonic sensor per Chipworks
Started Feb 8, 2014 | Discussions thread
Zensu11 wrote:
madzazulu wrote:
I've always thought the sensors in the OM-D series were all made by Sony. Guess I was wrong.
Yup, that is an unexpected turn of events ..
Reply Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowStarlite Drive-In
2029 134th Street,
Aberdeen,
SD
57401
2029 134th Street,Aberdeen, SD 57401
No one has favorited this theater yet
Showing 4 comments
Open ~1950-~1985? Anyone care to verify the exact dates?
Open for sure in 1967.
Owners:
1955-1964 Welworth Theaters
1969-1985 Midcontinent Theater Co. (Midco)
Need more info and photos.
I KNEW it was a misprint,but went with the book I had I serached all over North Dakota for another Aberdeen.
I was going to post that address. In the 1997 view on GE, you can make out the first 6 rows or so, and that’s about it.. Screen was to the West, to the right where the little pond is now.
Yeah, I think that was a misprint. This theater was located at about 2029 134th Street or 691 US 281 (depending on where you click). There is new development along the edge of the property, but the ramps are still faintly visible.Health New England
One Monarch Place,
Suite 1500
Springfield, MA 01144
Home | Contact Us | HNE
Search through the most updated listing of participating primary care physicians, specialists, hospitals and ancillary providers using our interactive Provider Search tool or our printed Provider Directory.
Can’t Find a Provider or Doctor?
If your current provider is not listed in this directory, please contact Member Services at one of the phone numbers listed below so we can double-check the status of your provider.
All contents Copyright ©2013 Health New England, Inc.
All Rights Reserved • Privacy Statement and Disclaimer • File Formats
- “ The women who work there are very unfriendly, the guy is nice. The hostel is not the cleanest, but the athmosphere there is fantastic! ”
- 07 Nov 2014 Anonymous Switzerland
- “ Staff was great, from maintenance to security. However, water kept shutting off, the bathrooms were quite stinky and dirty the majority of the time, and I think there was bed bugs or some other type of little critter. ”
- 10 Oct 2014 Caitlin USAThe theoretical basis for camouflage is the underlying methodology used in by camouflage, whether natural or human-made. The definition of camouflage involves concealment and obscurity, whether applied to the natural coloration of animals, or the paint schemes used on military vehicles.[1] The methods by which concealment or obscurity are attained share a common set of strategies intended to deceive the observer. Camouflage is not limited to the commonly encountered visual camouflage, but encompasses other senses as well.[2]
The use of camouflage, no matter what the specific application, has certain basic requirements that must be met. First, the camouflage must be tailored to the observer. Second, the camouflage must deceive the observer into making a false judgment about the camouflaged object. The strategies of camouflage can be broken down into up to four categories, which are cryptic, disruptive, mimicry, and countershading. Each of these deals with a different method of deceiving the observer, and often strategies are combined increase their effectiveness. A tiger's distinctive coloration, for example, uses a combination of countershading and cryptic colors and patterns to blend into its environment.[3]
Humans have been practicing the art of camouflage since prehistoric times, as evidenced by depictions of camouflage use in cave paintings.[4] Among humans, camouflage is of particular importance to the military, where the art of camouflage is as important as marksmanship. United States Army field manual FM 5-20 states in chapter 1:.[2]
Painters and other visual artists are sometimes employed in the development of camouflage, because they often deal with human visual perception, and it was an American artist, Abbott Handerson Thayer, who first published a scientific paper in 1892 describing the countershading technique (see below) often found in natural camouflage.[4] While camouflage has been used for hunting, from when prehistoric hunters dressed in animal skins to mimic their prey, to the Scottish gamekeepers' ghillie suits still worn by hunters and snipers today, camouflage in a military context was considered effeminate and greeted with scorn in the late 19th century.[4]
Military camouflage did not achieve widespread use until World War I, after the introduction of airplanes for observation made its use far more important. French gun crews wore smocks smeared with brown and green paint to break up their outlines and provide concealment from the aerial observers; it is likely that the first soldiers to try this were artists serving in the infantry. Upon seeing a camouflaged cannon for the first time, artist Pablo Picasso is reported to have said, C'est nous qui avons fait ca, or it is we who have created that. This early camouflage was not restricted to just coloring, it applied to shape as well; at an early demonstration by the American Camouflage Corps, President Woodrow Wilson approached within ten feet of a soldier without noticing him. The soldier was in a foxhole covered by a papier-mâché cover camouflaged as a rock.[4]
Many plants and animals possess some form of camouflage, for many reasons. Natural camouflage can involve many different senses, including sight, smell, touch, and sound. The reasons for camouflage are primarily to deceive predators or prey, but camouflage can serve to aid reproduction. Some animals are even capable of adapting their appearance to match their environment. A few examples of varied strategies in camouflage are:[5][6][7][8][9]
Camouflage is an attempt to avoid observation, and as such, it is tailored to the vision of the expected observer. In military contexts, in particular, this is not limited to normal biological vision, but applies to night vision systems, radar, and arguably sonar as well. Camouflage strategies can be broken down into four categories: cryptic (or blending), disruptive (or dazzle), mimicry, and countershading. These may be applied individually, or in combination with one another to provide an overall camouflage strategy. For example, the blending of disruptive and cryptic coloration is called coincident disruption.[4][10]
Cryptic camouflage is an attempt to blend into the environment and become effectively imperceptible. To do this, the camouflaged object must minimize observable differences between itself and the background with respect to the senses of the target observer. The definitive example of camouflage is a cryptic camouflage designed to match the visual appearance of the expected background, generally using a mottled pattern of greens and browns to match ground and foliage color and break up the outline of the camouflaged object.[1]
Blending into the background is a complex task in cases where the camouflage is to be effective in a wide range of environments; camouflage that works in the arctic, for example, is unlikely to work in the jungle, or in the desert. Cryptic camouflage must match the colors and spatial frequencies of the background to be effective, and may have to suppress non-visual cues as well.
Nature provides some extremely effective examples of cryptic camouflage, one example of which is the class of insects generally referred to as stick insects or walking sticks. They are of the order Phasmatodea, which derives from the Greek phasma, meaning phantom or appirition. Their cryptic camouflage matches both the coloration and shape of the plants in their environment, and they take the form of twigs, bark, leaves or lichen, depending on species.[11]
A good example of cryptic camouflage applied to another sense is the insect repellant DEET. DEET is believed to work by blocking insect olfactory receptors for 1-octen-3-ol, a secondary alcohol produced by humans and emitted by perspiration and respiration. By blocking the receptors, it makes the wearer effectively undetectable to mosquitoes, ticks, and many other insects that rely on olfactory cues to find their targets.
Disruptive camouflage is not intended to blend into the environment, and in fact often involves bright, eye-catching colors that would be the antithesis of cryptic camouflage. Disruptive camouflage seeks to confuse the observer, by providing visual cues that override the camouflaged object's features. This prevents the observer from accurately identifying characteristics of the camouflaged object(s), such as shape, size, orientation, and number of objects in a group.
Another form of disruptive camouflage is ink used by octopuses, or smoke used by the military to obscure movement. The cloud of ink or smoke is readily visible, but obscures what is within or behind it. The likely root of the word camouflage is camouflet, a French term meaning smoke blown in someone's face as a practical joke.[1][12] In the case of the octopus ink, the resulting cloud also provides disruption of the sense of smell.[13]
Mimicry is the attempt by the camouflaged object to be observed as some other type of object. In some cases this can be quite a complex process, such as in the case of the Mimic Octopus, which can change shape to resemble lionfish or other poisonous fish in its habitat. Mimicry is perhaps the broadest example of camouflage; though the most obvious form to humans is visual mimicry, other senses, such as olfaction (smell) or hearing may be involved as well.[5]
Decoys and fishing lures also utilize mimicry to deceive and lure an observer. Some animals, such as the anglerfish, use part of their body to lure prey into range, while human hunters use decoys to lure targets into a killing field.[14] Decoys are also used by the military, typically to draw enemy fire to the decoy, and away from the real target.[2]
Also called Thayer's Law, a tribute to the artist who first described it, countershading is the process of using lighter colors on normally dark areas, and darker colors on normally light areas. This removes some of the visual cues used for depth perception, causing the countershaded object to appear flat, rather than as an object with depth.[4] This is the same effect used in the hollow-face illusion, where a concave object is shaded in such a way as to appear convex. Military doctrine also applies this technique to camouflage paint. The standard method for applying camouflage paint to exposed skin is to use dark paint for bright areas of the face, light paint for shadowed areas, and combining this with a disruptive pattern over large areas of skin. [15]
Eyes differ widely across the animal kingdom. Some animals see in monochrome, perceiving only brightness, while other see two or, like humans, three types of color; some species of birds and reptiles are capable of distinguishing four different colors. Even in animals with the same degree of color perception, the pigments respond to different wavelengths, meaning what would appear to be a metamer to one species would be a completely different color to another species.[16][17]
In addition to differences in how color is perceived, the nervous system does a significant amount of processing to the image, finding edges, adjusting contrast, and determining spatial frequency.[3][18]
Normal humans (excluding individuals who have a form of colorblindness) see though the actions of four types of receptors in the eye; the rods, which are highly sensitive, perceive brightness, while three types of cones perceive red, green, and blue colors. Humans, and most primates, are trichromats, able to perceive three types of color. The density and sensitivity of these rods and cones determine how sensitive the eye is to color. Brightness is the most important factor, followed by green, red, and blue colors, in that order. Sometimes unexpected colors provide good cryptic coloration, such as pink. A shade called Mountbatten pink was used during World War II for ships when it was discovered that it disappeared against the morning and evening skies, and the Special Air Service used pink as the primary color on the desert camouflaged Land Rover Series IIA patrol vehicles, leading to the nickname The Pink Panthers.[19]
Color perception in animals varies by species; most mammals are dichromats, perceiving two colors. Deer, for example, see blue and yellow, but not red, and their perception of blue is far broader and more acute than humans. A camouflage garment laundered in typical laundry detergent laced with ultraviolet dye, added to brighten colors, may blend into the background when seen with the human eye, but the deer's eyes are sensitive into the near ultraviolet portion of the spectrum, and the garment will stand out as a brightly colored object. Orange and red, however, are far enough from the deer's yellow receptor range that they will appear as dim colors, so what a human sees as a bright orange element in a camouflage pattern will appear as a dark color to the deer's eye. Similarly, the rods of deer are sensitive further into the near ultraviolet than are human eyes (though still lacking in response at the red end of the spectrum), and provide a greater response. This gives deer superior vision in low light conditions. Birds, on the other hand, do see red, and near ultraviolet; both ultraviolet dyes and blaze orange will be visible to them.[20]
Spatial frequency perceptors in the eyes of many animals allow easy identification of mismatched spatial frequencies. By matching the spatial frequency of the background, such as a tiger's stripes, the camouflaged object can blend in; by not matching it, such as with the zebra's stripes, the camouflaged object can stand out.[3]
Vision, in animals from flies to humans, has special processing mechanisms for detection of motion.[21][22][23] Motion will destroy the illusion of even otherwise perfect cryptic camouflage, so objects relying on cryptic camouflage must remain very nearly stationary with respect to their environment. This does not apply to other camouflage strategies; the disruptive form of camouflage, for example, was applied to ships in the form of dazzle camouflage, providing a more effective camouflage for the moving ships than a cryptic strategy.[10] Octopus ink and smoke screens are other forms of camouflage that can effectively be used to conceal movement.
Many animals rely far more on senses other than sight, so when attempting to deceive these animals, it is important to consider other senses. An example of this is the wide range of products available to the hunter to deal with the issue of scent. These can range from scent blocking clothing, which serves as a cryptic form of camouflage, to scents that mimic plant, animal, and food scents, designed to mask the hunter's scent or lure the game in.[23]
Clothing can also provide a cryptic camouflage with respect to sound. Certain fabrics, such as cotton/nylon blends, create a significant amount of sound when rubbed together, or against other objects. Other fabrics, such as polar fleece and many all natural fiber fabrics, are much quieter, and will reduce the amount of noise generated by movement.[24] Game calls are used as a form of mimicry, with calls existing that mimic the sounds of everything from ducks and geese to bears and coyotes. These calls range from simple reed instruments that mimic a duck's quack to remote controlled electronic playback devices that provide the user with a menu-driven selection of digitally recorded sounds.[25]
Radar, sonar, night vision, and thermal imaging are all common forms of observation, and just like natural senses, camouflage exists in many forms to deceive these technological senses. Camouflage may be implemented by cryptic means, such as stealth technology applied to military vehicles, by disruptive means, such as radar jamming and deception, or mimicry means, such as the decoys like the AN/SLQ-25 Nixie and anti-missile flares.
In the more traditional sense of camouflage, there has even been camouflage clothing designed to help defeat technological detection. The US military issued a pattern that consisted of a grid of darker green lines on a spotted, dark green background, that was designed to confuse early night vision devices.[26] There is also a thermal camouflage cream under development, that reduces thermal infrared emissions from bare skin. Tests have shown a five times or greater reduction in detection range when this cream is applied to exposed skin.[27]
Chameleons and some octopuses have the ability to alter their color through the use of chromatophores which allow the animal to change the type and amount of light reflected. This is a form of adaptive or active camouflage. Research is being done into military adaptations of adaptive cryptic camouflage, using sensors and adaptive coloration to sense and adapt the coloration of an object to better match its background.Abstract.
© 2004 Optical Society of AmericaFull Article | PDF ArticleWritten on: 22/10/2012 by Disgruntled78 (1 review written)
I purchased an item from JD Sports on the 10th of this month and today is the 22nd and I still havn't received it. I spoke to customer services 3 times this past week to chase the item and spoke to a girl Sunday who put me on hold and then rang the delivery company they used which I believe was Hermes. The delivery company 'didn't know' where the parcel was and the tracking number supplied to me stated it was out for delivery since the 12th. I asked for a replacement or a refund as this was meant to be a present and was told that they couldn't do anything until I had filled a form in which they will send me. Then I have to send it back before an investigation takes place. Ridiculous. Basically over a week later I have paid for an item I havn't received and am out of pocket. The item is too late for the persons birthday now and I am extremely upset with their handling and their procedure. I feel like I'm being accused of stealing the item as they won't do anything until they have this form sent back to them. I'm not even confident this will be sent to me within the next few days let alone within the week. All in all I will never use JD Sports again for anything. Worst customer service I have ever encountered and in todays internet age I don't think their so called procedure has any place. I'm also mystified as to why the item even has a tracking number if it can't even be confidently tracked by JD or Hermes as to whether it has been delivered or not.
As rated by our community of reviewers
" Bad customer service " 
" Top Class Service " 
" No quibble price match " 
" 4 to 6 week service " 
Written by Thomas2004
" 2015 In stock / Payment made / then not in stock " - Products
- Column1
- Column2
- Plastic Welding Kits
- Continuous Heat
- Butane Tools
- Ultratane Butane
- Column3
- Column4
- Parts & Service
- Resource Center
- Where To Buy
How to Remove Wallpaper with a Heat Gun
| How Tos | Heat Gun | master appliance | old wallpaper | wallpaper removal |
Do you think that your home deserves better than the hideous 70’s wallpaper that’s been ruining its reputation? If you are ready to part ways, read on and discover how to remove wallpaper with a heat gun and give your home a much needed transformation.
What You’ll Need
Master Appliance Heat Gun
Leather Gloves
Putty Knife/Paint Scrapper
Safety Precautions
Before you know how to remove old wallpaper, it’s important to be aware of the safety precautions when working on a project like this. Make sure that there is appropriate ventilation when removing the wallpaper. Open windows and turn on fans. Don’t touch the nozzle of the heat gun and wear leather gloves for protection. If you are using an extension cord, make sure it is powerful enough handle a heat gun.
Steps:
1. Allow your heat gun to warm up to the appropriate temperature. Temperatures of 250-325 ° Fahrenheit are sufficient when deactivating adhesives.
2. Hold the heat gun approximately six inches away from the wallpaper. With your dominant hand, get behind the wallpaper and scrape with a paint scrapper. Don’t hold your heat gun in one spot for too long. Work ahead and heat the next section while you are loosening the other.
3. If remnants of paper still remain, try wetting the paper with water and then scrapping it off.
4. Allow your heat gun to cool in a stand before storing. Be careful to not lay it on a flammable surface.
Note: A heat gun will help remove vinyl wallpaper but it will not remove vinyl coated wallpaper.
Tell your friends how to remove old wallpaper with a heat gun and they will thank you for saving them a lot of time. Check out Master Appliances website for professional quality, heavy-duty industrial multiple use heat guns and kits.ST. PETERSBURG, Florida (AP) - Residents of a St. Petersburg high-rise apartment complex are rallying in support of a front desk clerk who was fired after mistaking the body of a woman who'd committed suicide for a mannequin.
Officials say 61-year-old Ronald Benjamin spotted the body of the 96-year-old victim in the parking lot early on the morning of April 2. Benjamin thought it was a mannequin, placed there as an April Fool's Day prank.
He later enlisted a newspaper carrier and her teenage son to toss the mannequin in a trash bin.
Turns out Nancy Yates had left a suicide note in her 16th floor apartment.
The Tampa Bay Times reports 83-year-old Anne Desrosier is circulating a petition asking the management company to rehire Benjamin. She considers his dismissal "corporate thinking."
Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsOpinionated Nonsense and Ramblings About Theatre, Film, TV, Horror, Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Politics and LGBT Issues - Among Other Things...
Sunday, August 30, 2009
Worst Remake Idea EVER
Saturday, August 29, 2009
More New Movies
>>IMAGE.
Friday, August 28, 2009
A Quickie, Tonight
Simple, succint and powerful, it says it all.
You can order the shirt (and others) here.
As soon as I can find something truly new and interesting to post about about movies, theatre or anything else, I'll share it with you. Until then, continue to write, email and generally pester your local, state and federal representatives to remind them that LGBT rights are NOT special rights, but HUMAN rights, which should be afforded to every man, woman and child on the planet.
See that? I'm all riled up again. It must be that a**hole in Utah.
Seriously... when is religion going to stop being a part of this debate? It just makes want to stand up and shout "I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore!" Though I suppose I've been doing that for a while now, haven't I?
More nonsense, anon.
Prospero
Thursday, August 27, 2009
Why Have I Not Seen Him Before?
This Is a Christian?
(Via) comes the below video clip from MSNBC, which features an audio clip from a recent sermon by Arizona Baptist preacher Steven Anderson. It's a hateful, vitriolic piece of trash in which Anderson says that every night he prays that "...Barack Obama will die and go to hell."
What? Seriously?
Apparently, yes. I have to ask myself, has the man ever actually read the New Testament? I suppose he's only read the parts that talk about hating people and hoping they die.
Now, even though I do not consider myself a Christian (nor do I ascribe to any particular faith, as I have noted before), I have actually read the Bible (both the Old and New Testaments), and as far as I can recall, no where does Jesus ask his disciples to pray for anyone to die. In fact, I played Jesus once in a production of "Godspell," which was presented in the auditorium of a Catholic church. The ground did not open up and swallow me. I was not plagued by boils or locusts. I did not receive the "Mark of the Beast." I did, however, get a standing ovation at the end of each performance.
Here's the thing: If true Christians actually stopped to listen to (or read) the words in the books of Matthew, Mark, Luke and John; they would realize that nowhere does any of them mention homosexuality. The few Biblical references to homosexuality all occur in the Old Testament, and most scholars now agree that those passages are in place to scare people into reproducing little followers who will then grow up to produce more followers.
Watch the clip and tell me what you think:
I imagine (and hope) that if there is, indeed, a hell, there is an especially painful place for hatemongers like Anderson and the members of the Westboro Baptist Church, where they are all forced to have gay sex with demons for all eternity.
And, as a little side note, here's a funny bit (via) about roommate pranking that goes too far (please note: no actual aliens were harmed in the making of this video):
If I were a horrible human being (which I really hope I am not), I'd be playing similar pranks on my dear D, but with clowns (D - if you are reading this, do NOT click on that link!).
More, anon.
Prospero
Tuesday, August 25, 2009
I Am Curious: Giallo
In the late 60's there was an infamous (though by today's standards, quite tame) soft-core porn movie called "I Am Curious (Yellow)." It was also released as "I Am Curious (Blue)," depending on which tint was used to hue the film. I've never seen it, but by all accounts, it's pretty bad.
This post's reference (if you haven't figured it out by now - and those reading this blog should have) is meant to evoke the spirit of Italian "Giallo" movies, so named because of the yellow covers given to Italian mystery/slasher novels. In case you haven't figured it out yet, "giallo" is Italian for "yellow." Pioneered by filmmakers like Mario Bava and Umberto Lenzi, giallo movies are probably best represented by the films of Italian director Dario Argento (Susperia). Giallo movies are usually about serial killers and feature extended scenes of bloody mayhem and murder. They often have American or British actors as their stars and are usually in Italian with the non-Italian actor's speaking English which is then dubbed into Italian.
Argento has now made a film called "Giallo" featuring King Kong star Adrien Brody. Here's the trailer:
While the concept of Giallo seems quite familiar, I'm willing to give it a look-see.
Speaking of familiar things, here's a trailer for the upcoming remake of Larry Cohen's killer-baby flick It's Alive. In the original, it was obvious from the outset that the baby was a monster (and it blames pollution and household chemicals for the horrific mutation). The remake, however, seems to take a slightly more subtle approach:
Hmmm... not sure about this long-delayed film, scheduled for a late October release.
And while not exactly a remake, (though a version of the tale was made by Hammer in the 70's) The Countess is a fictionalized biography of Elizabeth Bathory, the Hungarian countess who was probably more inspirational to Bram Stoker than Vlad Tsepes ever was. Bathory reportedly slaughtered over 600 young women and bathed in their blood in an effort to retain her youth. French actress Julie Delpy writes, directs and stars, along with William Hurt, in this bio-horror flick:
As an Hungarian with a supposed (though rather tenuous) familial connection to Bathory, I have always been fascinated by this story and have even gone so far as to have outlined the plot for a musical about the murderous Hungarian royal. Maybe someday, I'll actually sit down and write the damned thing.
Looks like the Fall is shaping up to be an interesting (if nothing else) movie season. When (and if) I see these films, you can be assured I will be reviewing them.
More, anon.
Prospero
Monday, August 24, 2009
Bi Bi Bi
Wow! Two music posts in a row. that's a record for me (you should excuse the pun).
This is Danyl Johnson. He is the latest "overnight sensation" to come out of the UK. On "The X-Factor" - sort of a cross between "Idol" and "(Insert Country Name Here)'s Got Talent." As the last auditioner on what had been an apparently fruitless day, Danyl's version "With a Little Help from My Friends" actually brought Simon Cowell to his feet.
Embedding has been removed, but you can watch Danyl's audition here. I will admit, he is a terrific singer with loads of stage presence. And it doesn't hurt that the 27 year-old teacher is also very pretty. But, during a Google search for more info about him, I came across this article in the Daily Mirror. Apparently, beautiful Danyl doesn't limit himself to one sex or another when choosing his partners, which means his fan-base automatically increases by at least 10%.
Honestly, as much as I loved watching Susan Boyle shock the "Britain's Got Talent" judges with her amazing rendition of "I Dreamed a Dream," I'd rather watch a hot teacher singing Beatles' tunes than a frumpy Scotswoman singing show tunes. Who wouldn't?
Finally, this almost got its own post, but I've already posted a "Gayest Thing" this week. I suppose I could have called it "The Gayest Video Game You'll See This Week," but that would be a bit redundant, especially after you see the clip. Ladies and germs, (via) I give you "Ultimate Muscle Roller Legend" (possibly NSFW):
I just love how the rider gets "extra power" from his "cycle." Redonculous, as the kids say.
More, anon
Prospero
Sunday, August 23, 2009
The Gayest Thing(s) You'll See This Week
I
A Belated Birthday Gift
More, anon
Prospero
Saturday, August 22, 2009
Not That You Care...
Friday, August 21, 2009
...and His Hair Was Perfect!
That infamous bit of doggeral from the original 1941 film, The Wolfman is first uttered by the late Maria Ouspenskaya, a Russian actress who would rise to marginal fame in Universal Studio's horror flicks from the 30's and 40's. When prodigal son Larry Talbot returns to the homeland, he is attacked by a peculiar beast and soon finds himself (via then state-of-the-art replacement photography) turning into a monster. Lon Chaney, Jr. - the less-talented son of "The Man of 1000 Faces" - had the titular role and no less than Claude Rains played his father and Bela Lugosi played the poor afflicted son of Ouspenskaya's ancient gyspy.
Now, the inevitable remake is soon upon us. Delayed for a very long time, The Wolf Man is finally scheduled for release in 2010. Sadly, it's in February of 2010. And you all know what that means. Or not. There have been those occasional February gems... I think... um, let me get back to you on that. Anyway. the good news is that is not being directed by The Mummy and Van Helsing (what a waste of everyone's time) schlockmeister, Stephen Sommers. The bad news, it's directed by Jurrasic Park III's Joe Johnston. Now Johnston is an okay director. I like The Rocketeer (I first feel in lust for Billy Campbell then) and Jumanji is just fun. Hell, I even enjoyed Honey, I Shrunk the Kids. I haven't seen 2004's Hidalgo, but this is Johnston's first film since then. Six years is sometimes very long to be away in the business. JP3 was a complete piece of crap and I have to wonder whose fault that is. And Hidalgo didn't exactly break any box-office records, despite the presence of Viggo.
Alright, then. Here's the trailer for The Wolf Man, starring Benicio del Toro, Anthony Hopkins, Hugo Weaving and the amazing Geraldine Chaplin (!!!) as Maleva, the role that made Ms Ouspenskaya famous. Enjoy:
Well, at least I know they'll never remake this 'classic:'
Oh wait! They did:
God bless Larry Cohen. Of course, watching that made me think of this:
I wonder if there's a Rifftrax version of Reign of Fire? There must be, don't you think? Oh, well. I suppose I should round the whole thing out with this trailer:
And maybe just one more:
"It's Scare-ewey!" Get it? Scary and screwy? Get it? And 10 bonus points to whoever can tell me what future icon of Horror has a voice cameo at the end of that last movie.
More, anon.
Prospero
On Pain
Pain is both universal and subjective. What may be excruciating for you, may be a walk in the park for me. Conversely, what may seem like nothing to me might make you cry just thinking about it.
Wednesday, August 19, 2009
Get Ready to Set Your DVRs
Tuesday, August 18, 2009
That's a Title?
Prospero
Monday, August 17, 2009
Brad Pitt, Gay Marriage, Rom-Coms and Horror
Sunday, August 16, 2009
If Athiests Ruled the World
The
Saturday, August 15, 2009
Review: "District 9"
I literally just got home from seeing District 9, the feature debut of South African filmmaker Niell Blomkamp and all I can say is "Wow!"
For those not familiar, District 9 is the story of a group of refugee aliens whose disabled ship comes to rest over Johannesburg in 1981. The aliens are soon transported to a quarantined area which quickly devolves into a slum. The locals hate them (they refer to them derogatorily as "Prawns" because of their resemblance to shellfish) and the idled aliens (most of whom are not very bright) resort to anarchistic behavior in an attempt to entertain themselves. District 9 also houses a rather unpleasant group of Nigerian thugs who swindle the Prawns out of money and weapons for over-priced cat food, and who resort to killing and eating the aliens in an attempt to gain their abilities to operate the aliens' weapons. When the South African government decides to relocate them to an internment camp outside the city, they contract weapons manufacturer NMU to do the dirty work for them. NMU, meanwhile, has been trying to figure out how to make the aliens' weapons work, but are unable to do so because the weapons require Prawn DNA in order to function. NMU appoints schlubby executive (and the boss' son-in-law)Wikus Van De Merwe to head up the evictions.
When Wikus (Africaan actor Sharlto Copley in a stellar performance) is exposed to the fluid that fuels the Prawn technology, it changes his DNA and makes him the first human able to control the weapons and a very valuable (and dangerous) man. Hunted by both NMU and the Nigerian toughs, Wikus turns to a Prawn named Christopher Johnson for help (much like at Ellis Island, the aliens were given human names upon their internment). Johnson and his son have been working on a way to restore power to the ship, which requires the fluid that has changed Wikus, which is now in the hands of NMU.
Shot with mostly hand-held cameras in a faux documentary style, District 9 is basically a film about how awful human beings can be to not only each other, but other forms of life. Blomkamp, who grew up during South Africa's apartheid era, has made a gritty and at times uncomfortable to watch film, which borrows heavily from other Sci-Fi classics (The Fly; Alien Nation; Aliens) to makes its many points. Produced by Peter Jackson, the film is an expanded remake of Blomkamp's six-minute short Alive in Joburg. It's loaded with some terrific CGI effects (the aliens themselves are most impressive, with lots of independently functioning extremities and surprisingly expressive eyes) and plenty of explosions and gore. The acting is top-notch and the characters, while familiar, are believable and well-developed. Not for the easily upset or queasy-stomached, District 9 is as smart and entertaining as it is grim and misanthropic. I saw it with four friends - two of whom hated it because it was so grim and two of whom loved it as much as I did. Blomkamp is most definitely a director from whom we can expect great things. **** (Four Stars). District 9 is rated R for language, violence and gore. Watch the trailer, below:
Into the Woods: Where we
When was the last time you took a walk, footstep by footstep, and let that walk inspire new thinking?
Places and peaceful moments like this, await those who seek it. What is the quality of life, the kind of environment, we want?
Tell us about a favorite walk you’ve taken, as a comment below. Did you hear a different bird, or see something new? Is it part of your routine, or was it an unforgettable escape?
State of the Environment is open to pictures of our lives and planet as you see it. Each individual scene, will help create a larger picture..
my favourite walk was in Ross creek, in Maori Hill Dunedin New Zealand, with my two dogs, Bellamy named after the restuarant at the beehive Govt in wellington new Zealand, and Josh my other dog. Such a beautiful country New Zealand , you all should all go, and smell the roses. very friendly people, sking just a very beautiful place,diabetes insipidus[in sip′i dəs]
a disorder caused by a pituitary deficiency and characterized by the heavy discharge of urine and intense thirst
Origin of diabetes insipidusModern Latin literally , insipid diabetes
diabetes insipidus
noun
A chronic metabolic disorder characterized by intense thirst and excessive urination, caused by a deficiency of the pituitary hormone vasopressin.
Origin of diabetes insipidusNew Latin diabētēs īnsipidus : Latin diabētēs, diabetes + Latin īnsipidus, insipid.
diabetes insipidus
Noun
(uncountable)
-.Eels’ tenth album lives up to its fate-tempting title...
Eels’ tenth album lives up to its fate-tempting title…
Those familiar with Eels’ catalogue of consumptive, cock-eyed balladry will read the title of this, Eels’ tenth studio album, as leadenly ironic – the sort of “Wonderful, glorious,” you might mutter to yourself, perhaps upon seeing a bomber shedding its payload (in fact the album’s cover image). An assumption that the contents of Wonderful, Glorious will tend towards the melancholic would not be erroneous, but it would be – as ever, where Eels are concerned – only partially correct.
Wonderful, Glorious ends nearly three years of silence following a fecund period around the turn of the decade in which Eels released the tremendous Hombre Lobo/End Times/Tomorrow Morning trilogy in little more than twelve months. Though those three albums were conceived as a suite relating a self-contained story – falling in love, falling out of it, figuring how to go on subsequently – they were not notably incongruous with anything Eels had done before. Or, it turns out, since – Wonderful, Glorious is another Eels album full of songs which are essentially attempts by E to talk himself into facing the day. Which is to say, of course, that Wonderful, Glorious is another Eels album.
It’s also a reminder of how difficult is to imagine having too many of those. For a writer who essentially has only one theme – that we are doomed, and this is ridiculous, but we might as well make the best of it – E finds an abundance of angles from which to address it. The opening track, the weirdly funky “Bombs Away”, could be heard as a statement of “I Will Survive”-variety defiance, or read as the spidery treatise some vengeful maniac posts to his local newspaper shortly before taking up position in a clocktower with a rifle (“I’ll no longer keep my mouth shut/Bombs away, gonna shake the house”).
The mad as hell/not gonna take it anymore theme is revisited regularly throughout Wonderful, Glorious. “Don’t mess with me/I’m up for the fight,” cautions “Kinda Fuzzy” over queasy glam guitars and keyboards that resemble the incidental music of a detective series. “I’m hurting bad/And fighting mad,” declares “On The Ropes”, an almost-country tune arranged around a pretty and understated riff. “Battle stations, gotta man your guns now,” orders “Stick Together”, a gruff instruction that recalls the more recent works of Tom Waits in both its frenetic percussion and distinctly Marc Ribot-ish guitars.
The question of the reason for all this purposeful loin-girding and up-saddling is answered in instalments towards the end of “Wonderful, Glorious” with a sequence of E’s characteristically backhanded devotionals (Eels, lest we forget, kicked off one of the great love songs of the late twentieth century, “PS You Rock My World” with “I was at a funeral, the day I realised/I wanted to spend my life with you.”) “You’re My Friend” and “I Am Building A Shrine” manage to make a virtue of a sentimentality that verges audaciously on outright sappiness. The closing title track fossicks, like most of Wonderful, Glorious – and most of Eels’ catalogue – for redemption in the overlap between optimism and fatalism (“Every night you spent shrouded in darkness,” decides E, “has led you to this moment in the light/It’s alright.”)
(i)Wonderful, Glorious(i) sounds, throughout, overwhelmingly like an Eels album – not the statement of the obvious it may appear, but an observation of how little difference the continually shifting group personnel ever makes to Eels’ music. This consistency, after all these years since “Novocaine For The Soul”, has to be admired as testament to the robustness of E’s vision – as does his dogged fealty to his preferred subject, of hope in spite of it all (“Peach Blossom”, literally an urge to smell the flowers, is a clear highlight, suggesting a Temptations song sung by a Lust For Life-era Iggy Pop). So Wonderful, Glorious. is yet another Eels album about desire and death – but what else is there?
ANDREW MUELLER
Q+A
MARK EVERETT
How ambiguous or otherwise is the title?
“It’s really not meant to be at all, though the plane dropping bombs on the cover may make it seem that way. There’s nothing ironic about it at all, to me. The reasons the bombs are dropping is that we’ve all somehow got to navigate our way through life, and it’s not easy for any of us.”
There’s a recurring theme on the album of struggling to find a reason to get out of bed…
“Right. And today it happened to be: so I could talk to Uncut.”
Did you have a specific agenda when you started writing/recording?
“What’s unique about this album is that it’s the only time I’ve ever gone into making a record with no plan – the plan was to have no plan. I had nothing written. I just wanted to get the band in a room and see what happened. I think that’s also reflected in the lyrics – I was scared about it, which is why there’s so much about fighting your way out of a corner. But we got lucky. Five guys in a room all firing on all cylinders.”
How do you decide which Eels personnel are invited to play on a new Eels album?
“I had an epiphany towards the end of the last tour I did with these guys – I realised they had been able to pull everything I suspected they might not be able to. So I thought: why don’t we all get together and write some music? It’s definitely more fun than sitting in the basement and recording yourself. It turns out I like fun.”
INTERVIEW: ANDREW MUELLEREverything you want to know about Visual Studio ALM and Farming
Brian Harry is a Microsoft Technical Fellow working as the Product Unit Manager for Team Foundation Server. Learn more about Brian.
More videos »
Today we launched the new Microsoft Developer Network site. As I've mentioned before, my team is responsible for much of the infrastructure and experience for MSDN. I’m very proud of what we have and at the same time see opportunities for improvement.
There are two primary use modes for the MSDN web site. The biggest one is search. You want to know what the CommentRegex class is and its properties? Just Bing “CommentRegex” and your top results will be the MSDN pages for the class reference. Lots and lots of people experience MSDN this way.
However, there’s another way. You might, for instance, be new to developing for Microsoft platforms or you might just want to catch up on the latest happenings in the community, announcements, etc. That’s always been the domain of the MSDN home page. However, over the past few years, it has atrophied and become mostly a routing layer for the variety of platform dev centers around the company. It hasn’t really provided a comprehensive picture of the Microsoft developer platform. We decided we could do better than that.
Working with the Microsoft Developer and Platform Evangelism team and others we’ve worked to create.
There were a few things we targeted in the Microsoft Developer!
Check it out and let us know what you think.
BrianRio Hondo Jobs
Looking for jobs in Rio Hondo? Snagajob has great opportunities with the area's leading companies. And applying for Rio Hondo jobs has never been easier. Look at the job listings below, click on a job title that interests you and hit the "apply now" button. Part-time jobs, teen jobs, student jobs and summer jobs are now just a click away. Start your job search now.
Rio Hondo, TX Job Openings
- Family DollarRio Hondo, TX
Rio Hondo, TX
- Family DollarRio Hondo, TX
Rio Hondo, TX
Cities within 20 miles of Rio Hondo, TX
- Harlingen, TX (117 jobs)
- Brownsville, TX (62 jobs)
- San Benito, TX (16 jobs)
- Port Isabel, TX (5 jobs)
- Los Fresnos, TX (4 jobs)
- Olmito, TX (2 jobs)
- south padre island, TX (1 jobs)
- san pedro, TX (1 jobs)Payers & Providers will happily publish your healthcare business-oriented event if details are e-mailed to events@payersandproviders.com. Please submit the following information:
1. Event name
2. Event date or dates
3. Event location (please include city AND venue, e.g., name of the conference center or hotel)
4. A brief description of the event, its target audience, any primary topics of discussion by presenters or organizers, and the cost to attend the event. If the cost differs for specific types of attendees, please submit a price range.
5. A website for more event information or registration. If your event does not have a website, please submit an individual contact with a telephone number and/or an e-mail address.The.
It won't be easy. Farming causes more global warming than all the world's cars, trains, ships and planes put together. The worst culprit is a greenhouse gas called nitrous oxide, a breakdown product of nitrogen fertilisers (including organic ones). Next in line is methane from livestock and manure. To meet demand for food and other materials such as biofuels without turning all the remaining wilderness into farmland, and without producing yet more greenhouse gases, we are going to have to exploit every trick we can.
Genetic ...
To continue reading this article, subscribe to receive access to all of newscientist.com, including 20 years of archive content.: 1 day.
J2EE/Spring/Hibernate/JSF/Mule ESB/Struts2/SAAS/AngularJS/REST/SOAP
Pakistan - Last active: 5 days (JEE and Android) Developer
Ukraine - Last active: 3How do you make this?krishen.narayan Aug 5, 2012 12:09 PM
I
1. Re: How do you make this?Ned Murphy Aug 5, 2012 12:13 PM (in response to krishen.narayan)
You need to explain what you want. Pointing to a link of an swf file doesn't help explain what the file is doing.
2. Re: How do you make this?krishen.narayan Aug 5, 2012 12:18 PM (in response to Ned Murphy)
This is for scorekeeping and the guy wont tell me.
3. Re: How do you make this?Ned Murphy Aug 5, 2012 1:17 PM (in response to krishen.narayan)
If you don't know what you want how do you expect someone to explain how to make it? Similarly, if you don't know what the file does, how can you determine you want something like it?
4. Re: How do you make this?FrostByte1995 Nov 29, 2012 6:47 AM (in response to krishen.narayan)
i can find out for you. i am good doing that kinda stuff. i will look and see ir i can help.: NCIS: Ibiza AUTOPLAY Up Next In: 10 Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film For Theaters (Introduction: "Milk and Cookies") Bun in the Oven - Presented by the LA Comedy Shorts Film Festival Blackest Swan (Black Swan Parody/Spoof) FAST FOOD short film parody SCORSESE, DeNIRO, PESCI Follow Facebook Twitter Tumblr Instagram Browse Related Comments 10+ more View All ▶ FisForFilm Vaguely Related Videos Vaguely RelatedPics & Words Advertisement Advertisement From Around the Web ZergNetSynopsis
Have you found yourself in a place of waiting? Are you wondering what you are waiting for? Well that?s where I found myself just a few years ago. God showed me not only what I was waiting for, but Who I was waiting for too.
This book is for all of you who are confused, frustrated, broken and tired. I?d like to give you some hope. And show you a new way of thinking. What started as a fun guide for a friend became so much more. It?s a story of God from another perspective. It?s how God showed Himself to me, in a way I could understand. And now I?m on a mission to help others understand God in their own language. Some people are book learners, others need visuals. God understood me and knew what I needed to understand Him, and I?m going to tell you how He did that.
After a promise made to God, He handed me a spiritual compass and all He said was to go where it leads. Inside you?ll find where it has taken me so far.
Don?t let a broken relationship, bad family experience, horrible work environment, or anything else you can think of keep you from getting to know God better. Let God use your life to teach you about His love. Don?t believe it?s possible? Well, inside this book I?ll prove that wrong. So go ahead, try to prove otherwise, I DARE you. ;)
People who read this also enjoyed
You can read this item using any of the following Kobo apps and devices:
- DESKTOP
- eREADERS
- TABLETS
- IOS
- ANDROID
- BLACKBERRY
- WINDOWSGearslutz.com admin
Quote:
Presumably this issue arises because it can only profile the response based on the rage of signals/nuances it receives during profiling, so if you change out anything in the upline chain (presumably including the player or playing style etc) it has little to work with to 'map' the amp response to those given inputs.
If so, same essential issue with most PI emulations - they give a predictable (and more or less accurate) result for certain predictable inputs, but throw them anything slightly out-of-field and the results are less predictable/useful IMO.Related Pins
Faux Patina Technique - full tutorial on my blog here: astampabove.typep...
handcrafted greeting card ... quilt design ... blocks of various sizes and prints ... machine sewing zig zag stitch on interior and straight stitch around the edge ... kraft base ... lovely card ...
hanmade greeting card: Grateful by Jacqueline ... collage stamped with botanical flowers, silhouette foliage, script lines and more ... beautiful!! ... Hero Arts stamps ...
Rubber Stamp Set: Spiky Tree with dots
A lovely card making use of lots of scrap - always a plus.
Inkadinkado Rubber Stamp-Paper Artsy Tre'port Postal : stamps : stamping : scrapbooking : Shop | Joann.com
I've got a ton of craft foam that I really should use up and this seems like a great way to do it. I love making stamps too, so any design requests or suggestions are appreciated :)
Patchwork cards...great use for scraps. I could make up a lot of these easily and can make collections.
I can't imagine that whatever is in this package is more beautiful than the actual gift tag and packaging!!!???
Scraps of Life: Hampton Art Stamps - Faux Patina
Best of Times card by @Gloria Mladineo Stengel for Hampton Art with @Clearsnap Inkpads Inkpads and @7gypsies productsVirtual Repeated Implementation
We show that in the context of repeated implementation, any social choice rule which realizes all alternatives for a positive (yet arbitrarily small) amount of time is Nash implementable. The results complement those of the virtual implementation.
-.
-.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:clt:sswopa:1179..One winning ticket was sold in the Powerball jackpot.
The lottery reports the ticket was bought in New Jersey.
The drawing, which was the sixth highest in the game's history, was for $338 million.
The winning numbers were 17, 29, 31, 52, 53, and the Powerball was 31.
But a ticket sold in North Carolina was worth $1 million.
A news conference is expected to be held on Monday with more details on the winner.The Darkwood Mysteries: The Luminous Marks
Smashwords Edition
This short story is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This short story is not to be sold or re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this short story with another person, then please tell them about it so that they can download it for themselves. If you enjoyed this short story then please return to Smashwords to discover other works by this author.
To support the continued investigations of Darkwood and Hobbs into the criminal and the supernatural be sure to leave encouraging ratings and reviews, point people towards the The Darkwood Mysteries website, and follow Darkwood on Twitter and on Facebook.
The Darkwood MysteriesMONSOON
Changing winds
Monsoon
The weather in Malaysia is characterised by two monsoon regimes,..Super Betasso
The from-town loop you've been waiting for!
As of summer 2012, mountain bikers can ride from downtown Boulder to get in a sweet loop at Betasso Preserve. This route description tells you how to get there and back from Boulder using paths and roads, allowing you to ride to your ride. Yep, pretty sweet.
If you're willing to GPS this ride and work up the statistics, please email your track to trailinfo@bouldermountainbike.org, thanks a bunch!
Mi.
Ft.
2. - Benjamin Loop - poor
3. - Canyon Loop - fair
4. - Betasso Link Trail - poor- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge Text
Jamal WilliamsBaltimore Police Department
Shortly after city police announced Baltimore's newest public enemy No. 1, he was arrested.
During a news conference Monday afternoon, Lt. Col. Dan Lio and Lt. Col. David Reitz said Jamal Williams, 17, is a suspect in a number of violent crimes that include robberies and shootings.
Police said Williams has shown a complete disregard for the safety of human life, and his ongoing criminal activity has put dozens of people in jeopardy.
Williams was wanted in connection with a double shooting that happened around 3:20 a.m. Sunday in the 4400 block of Marble Hall Road. Investigators said someone shot into a small crowd of people following a dispute at a house party.
The injuries to the two victims were not considered to be life-threatening. Officials said a man was shot in the leg and a woman was shot in the forearm.
Police said through their investigation they determined Williams was the shooter.
About an hour after the news conference, police said that the Baltimore Police Department Warrant Apprehension Task Force took Williams into custody.
Williams is facing a dozen charges and is being held without bail at the Baltimore City Jail.
The 11 News I-Team has confirmed that Jamal Williams is the younger brother of Jerome Williams -- one of two men convicted of murdering former Baltimore City Councilman Ken Harris in 2008.
Jerome Williams is serving a life sentence for that crime.
Police had initially reported that Jamal Williams was 20 years old, but on Tuesday corrected his age as 17.
Reporter Barry Simms contributed to this report.Blues downed by high-flying Bluebirds
Birmingham, Latest news update:
[[views]]
Cardiff started 2013 by extending their lead to seven points at the top of the npower.
Despite their creditable performance it is a worrying time for Blues, who now boast just two wins in their last 11 and are four points above the drop zone entering a transfer window which could see some big names depart to ease their financial struggles.