Cochrane
Welcome to California Closets Cochrane
California Closets has been designing and building the most innovative custom storage solutions available for Cochrane residents, and we're ready to work with you.
Storage can be stylish, too. Not only do our closet systems help you live a more organized life, they complement
Here at California Closets, we're committed to offering the best products coupled with stellar customer service. Let us show you just how great your home can be!
Seeing Is Believing
The best way to begin your California Closets journey is to visit our showroom in nearby Calgary. Here you'll find fully built-out examples of closets and storage tools that will give you a better picture of just how big of a difference California Closets can make in your home.
The Very Best
At California Closets, all of our employees are committed to ensuring that you have the most positive experience throughout the entire process — from design to installation.
Whether you have your project all planned out or need us to design your closet from the ground up, our team is ready to work with from start to finish.
We are all very proud of the qualities that California Closets stands for, and make sure that all of our work continues our already stellar legacy.
Canadian Made
Our nearby Alberta factory processes all of the materials we use to build your custom closet, so you can rest assured that your investment helps the local economy as well as gives you a higher quality product.
Resources
To learn more about how California Closets Calgary can take your home organization to the next level, check out our catalog. Better yet, ask your neighbours — chances are many of them have the California Closets touch!
You can also see some of our work and product options displayed at the annual Home & Interior Design Show and the Calgary Home & Garden Show.
California Closets — The Best You Can Get
Innovative product design, expert craftsmanship, and customer service you can trust — these are the hallmarks of the California Closets experience.
Cochrane
Inglewood
Mon - Fri 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Sat 11:00 AM - 4:00 PM
Closed long weekends and holidays)
small room with ever-so-distinctive old smell
The night clerk was rude and demanded a payment of the 12 euro city tax when I arrived in…
Enter dates to check prices
Hotel Info: 866-539-8117from $67
-
- Plus FlorenceFrom
"Very nice hostel, very clean and quite helpful staff. Good price and good food."May 15, 2015
- Residenza CasanuovaFrom
"The Room was Nice but the Breakfast was Not Fresh Food The Croissants tasted Old Bea was helpful with Place to eat Overall Nice Experience"May
- CimatoriFrom
"Brilliant BnB in an excellent location. The owners are really friendly and helpful - they recommended an excellent restaurant just outside the BnB called Da Ganino I think - that…"May 15, 2015
Nearby hotels
Hotel Bonciani Palazzo Pitti Broccardi, Florence’s small print
Also known as
- Bonciani Hotel Florence
- Firenze Bonciani Hotel
- Bonciani Firenze
- Albergo Bonciani Firenze
- Bonciani Florencia
- Bonciani Hotel Firenze
- Hotel Bonciani Florenz
- Bonciani Florenz
- Hotel Bonciani Florencia
- Hotel BoncianiMadison woman uninjured after rolling car, officials say
Officer attempting traffic stop when car rolled on East Washington Avenue
A woman was uninjured after rolling her car on East Washington Avenue early Tuesday morning, according to a release.
Shelia A. Freaner, 25, of Madison, sustained no injuries after rolling her car around 4:25 a.m. Tuesday morning on East Washington Avenue, according to the release.
Before Freaner rolled her car, a police officer saw her driving on East Washington Avenue at around 80 mph, according to the release.
Officials said the officer was attempting to pull Freaner over at the time of the crash.
Freaner was cited for reckless driving -- endangering safety and failing to obey an officer/signal, according to the release.
Copyright 2013 by Channel 3000. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.The automotive parts and memorabilia show returns to the Agri-Plex Expo Center at the Allentown Fairgrounds Jan. 18 through 20.
Sponsored by Carlisle Events, the 59,000-square-foot automotive swap meet and parts sale will bring more than 200 vendors from across the Eastern Seaboard with truckloads of wares. Items available will include new, used and reproduction auto parts, tools, service station signs, automotive literature, models, toys and even old gas pumps. There's also a "car corral" of classic cars for sale.
"There's a crazy amount of vendors," says Jean Silberg, co-manager of ABE Auto Salvage in Bethlehem Township, Pa. "We bring older, hard-to-find parts, classic car parts, old car radios, seats, a little bit of everything."
Silberg and her husband, Scott, have been attending the show since its inception more than 20 years ago.
"We're a salvage yard so we try to bring items people are looking for," Silberg says.
Engines, transmissions and differentials are a bit unwieldy, so the Silbergs make up a poster picturing muscle-car power parts available at the yard.
"A month after the show people will call us," Silberg says.
Automotive memorabilia collector Bruce Smith, of Aston, Pa., is bringing a set of 1963 Corvette wheel covers with spinners.
"I sell vintage auto parts, collectibles, old toys from the 1940s, '50s and '60s and some Volkswagen stuff," Smith says. "I try to bring a selection of interest to a lot of people."
Smith specializes in pressed-steel toy trucks by makers Structo, Buddy L and Keystone.
"I've been doing this about 10 years. I share space with a buddy who has a bunch of Corvette stuff," Smith says. "A lot of us have been coming to the Allentown show for a long time. It's a good show."
Bob Fertal, owner of Lehigh Valley Chevelle in Bethlehem, says Auto Mania is about evenly divided between automotive business owners offering new and reproduction car parts and flea-market vendors offering used parts and automotive memorabilia.
Fertal specializes in Chevrolet restoration parts for Chevelles, Novas, Impalas and Camaros from 1962 to 1987.
"We have a wide variety of parts from body panels, interior items, trim parts and moldings," Fertal says. "It's a good show to start the season. It gets everybody out of the house and back into the swap meet season."
Silberg echoes Fertal's sentiment.
"It's something to do other than sitting in front of the TV and getting fat," she jokes. "If you're an automotive enthusiast it's the place to be."
***
Nuts and bolts of the show
Auto Mania swap meet and memorabilia show.
Agri-Plex Expo Center at Allentown Fairgrounds, 302 N. 17th St., Allentown
Show hours are noon to 9 p.m. Jan. 18, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Jan. 19, and 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Jan. 20.
Admission cost is $8 for adults; free to ages 12 and under.
For information, visit AutoManiaShows.com or call 717-243-7855.The Bombay High Court on Friday dismissed a writ petition filed by Vodafone India questioning the jurisdiction of a transfer pricing order passed by the income-tax department relating to transactions at the company’s call centre business.
The court did not go into the merits of the case and only ruled on the jurisdiction of the tax authority in transfer pricing cases.
“The Bombay High Court’s decision today focused solely on procedure and not on the merits of Vodafone’s case. The court ruled that the matter should be looked at by the tax tribunal in the first instance, rather than passing directly to the Bombay High Court. The high court also extended the stay, on the final assessment order, already granted by the court and the company now has almost twelve weeks to review its options,” a Vodafone Group spokesperson said.
In February 2012, Vodafone had challenged the jurisdiction of the income-tax department in issuing a transfer pricing order issued in December 2011 that sought to add Rs 8,500 crore to its taxable income.Satisfy your sweet tooth with CAC culinary arts bake sale April 21
By Guy Harrison, Media & Marketing Specialist
PINAL COUNTY, Ariz. - The culinary arts program at Central Arizona College will be holding its annual bake sale on Thursday, Apr. 21, from 2-3 p.m. at the college's Signal Peak Campus off of I-10 between Casa Grande and Coolidge.
Culinary arts students enrolled in the college's baking and pastry classes will be preparing a variety of products for sale to the public.
Items for sale include Danish pastry, cinnamon and pecan sticky roles, chiffon cake, cookies, brownies, carrot cake, German chocolate cake, baklava and chocolate decadence cake.
For more information about the CAC culinary arts program or the upcoming bake sale, please contact Chef Carol Bennett, at carol.bennett1@centralaz.edu or by phone at 520-494-5029.Marketing PR Revolution: How Will Professionals Navigate the New Landscape?
Article excerpt. …Enter Launce, with received my dog?
No, indeed, did she not: here have I brought him
back again.
What, didst thou offer her this from me?
Ay, sir: the other squirrel was stolen from me by
the hangman boys in the market-place: and then I
offered her mine own, who is a dog as big as ten of
yours,.
She is dead, belike?
Not so; I think she lives.
Alas!
Why dost thou cry 'alas'?
I cannot choose
But pity her.
Wherefore shouldst thou pity her?
This letter. That's her chamber. Tell my lady
I claim the promise for her heavenly picture.
Your message done, hie home unto my chamber,
Where thou shalt find me, sad and solitary.
Exit?
From my master, Sir Proteus, madam.
O, he sends you for a picture.
Ay, madam.
Ursula, bring my picture here.
Go give your master this: tell him from me,
One Julia, that his changing thoughts forget,
Would better fit his chamber than this shadow.
Madam, please you peruse this letter.—
Pardon me, madam; I have unadvisedaned?!CMT Music Awards 2012 Winners and Results Live Blog
The CMT Music Awards 2012 will air live on CMT tonight starting at 8 p.m. EST with Kristen Bell (really?) and Toby Keith hosting. If you are not able to watch who takes home the awards, you can catch a live blog of the show in the comments section below.
The CMT Music Awards red carpet event begins at 7 p.m. EST, and you can catch it live on TV or on live stream video. Obviously you will want to see what each of the stars are wearing as they arrive for country music’s biggest night.
All of country music’s biggest names will be out for the night of awards and performances. If you can’t watch it live, the comments section below will provide a running update of what happens during the show.
At tonight’s show host Toby Keith will collaborate with Willie Nelson, the Zac Brown Band, Jamey Johnson and Darius Rucker on Roll Me Up. While it’s obvious why Keith is a host, it is less obvious why Gossip Girl’s Kristen Bell will be there. Even she doesn’t know why for sure. Of course the biggest question on most people’s mind is if Keith’s Red Solo Cup will be performed at the show. It did, afterall, earn the title of “stupidest song ever.”
If you are looking for the CMT Music Awards 2012 winners and results, you have come to the right place. Starting at 8 p.m. EST tonight, the winners will be posted in the live blog below.View the Haunted Exhibition Video
For the special exhibition Haunted: Contemporary Photography/Video/Performance, the Guggenheim has produced a video in which curators Jennifer Blessing and Nat Trotman discuss major themes of the show and selected artists speak about their work.
Introducing themes such as landscape, architecture and the passage of time; documentation and reiteration; and trauma and the uncanny, the curators highlight works by artists such as Tacita Dean, An-My Lê, Robert Rauschenberg, Andy Warhol, and others. Haunted reveals how much of contemporary photography and video seems haunted by the past, by ghostly apparitions that are reanimated in reproductive media, in live performance, and in the virtual world. In discussing the exhibition, Jennifer Blessing, Curator of Photography says, "We are specifically interested in how technologies like photographs show us the past in the present; they seem to haunt us because we see so viscerally today what happened in the past."
Interviews with selected artists Sarah Charlesworth, Karl Haendel, Sarah Anne Johnson, and Susan Philipsz provide further insight into their work and its inclusion within Haunted’s framework.
For further information on Haunted, visit the online exhibition.Day 51: Stop! Stretch!
by AccountingWEB on printer friendly
Tired. [1]GulfMark Offshore, Inc. (NYSE:GLF) announced managerial retirements and promotions.
Mr. David Butters, Chairman of the Board of GulfMark Offshore, announced that Bruce Streeter has elected to retire from the Company as an officer and director effective at our Annual Stockholders Meeting on June 4, 2013. Bruce has led the Company for 23 years since its inception as President and Chief Executive Officer. The Board thanks him for his years of service during which the Company grew from 11 ships to our current fleet of 70 ships. Mr. Butters said, "We all are indebted to Bruce for his many years of contributions. He has postured the Company as an effective global provider of offshore services."
Mr. Butters also announced that Quintin Kneen, the Chief Financial Officer, would assume the additional role of President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Kneen has served the Company.34:0533(89)AR - - FDA, Cincinnati District Office and AFGE Local 3831 - - 1990 FLRAdec AR - - v34 p533
[ v34 p533 ]
34:0533(89)AR
The decision of the Authority follows:
34 FLRA No. 89
FEDERAL LABOR RELATIONS AUTHORITY
WASHINGTON, D.C.
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION
CINCINNATI DISTRICT OFFICE
and
AMERICAN FEDERATION OF GOVERNMENT EMPLOYEES
LOCAL 3831
AFL-CIO
0-AR-1615
DECISION
January 24, 1990
Before Chairman McKee and Members Talkin and Armendariz.
I. Statement of the Case
This matter is before the Authority on an exception to the award of Arbitrator George H. Brickhouse. The Arbitrator denied the grievance, which involved 2 days of absence without leave (AWOL).
The Union filed an exception under section 7122(a) of the Federal Service Labor-Management Relations Statute (the Statute) and part 2425 of the Authority's Rules and Regulations. The Department of Health and Human Services (the Agency) filed an opposition to the exception on behalf of the Food and Drug Administration, Cincinnati District Office (the Activity).
We conclude that, contrary to its assertion, the Union has failed to establish that there were any ex parte communications or collusion between the Arbitrator and the grievant's supervisor. Accordingly, we will deny the Union's exception.
II. Background and Arbitrator's Award
On November 30 and December 1, 1987, the grievant telephoned his supervisor and requested sick leave for each day. The grievant's supervisor verbally granted him sick leave and informed him that he was required to sign a leave request form when he returned to work. When the grievant returned to work and refused numerous requests by his supervisor to sign the leave request form, the grievant was charged with 2 days of AWOL. He filed a grievance which was submitted to arbitration.
The Arbitrator found that the supervisor was within her authority to require the grievant to sign a leave request form and that the grievant was insubordinate in refusing to sign the form. Accordingly, the Arbitrator denied the grievance.
III. Positions of the Parties
A. The Union
The Union contends that there were ex parte communications and collusion between the Arbitrator and the grievant's supervisor, who was a witness at the arbitration hearing. The Union bases these contentions on a disclosure by the Arbitrator that he knew the grievant's supervisor because they both attended a bridge class. The Arbitrator made this disclosure after opening statements by both parties and the Union's presentation of its case, but prior to management's presentation of its case. The Union claims that the Arbitrator should have disqualified himself as soon as he recognized the grievant's supervisor. The Union contends that "[t]he fact that he did not, and did not reveal his personal relationship with her until after the Union had presented its case was blatantly prejudicial." Exception at 1.
B. The Agency
The Agency contends that no ex parte communication occurred and no collusion existed between management, its witnesses, and the Arbitrator. The Agency notes that the grievant's supervisor was only acquainted with the Arbitrator as a result of being in the same bridge class. The Agency attaches a statement of the supervisor stating that she had no communications with the Arbitrator about the case.
In addition, the Agency notes that the Arbitrator advised the parties of his acquaintance with the grievant's supervisor and afforded the parties the opportunity at the hearing to raise any objections to this matter. No objections were raised. The Agency maintains that the Arbitrator did not advise the parties of his acquaintance with the grievant's supervisor until the start of the Activity's presentation of its case because the Arbitrator did not know until then that the grievant's supervisor would be a witness.
The Agency claims that the Arbitrator did not demonstrate bias as a result of his acquaintance with a management witness.
IV. Discussion
We conclude that the Union's exception provides no basis for finding the award deficient. The Union fails to establish that there were any ex parte communications or collusion between the Arbitrator and the grievant's supervisor. The Union's exception . . . [and] provides no basis for finding the award deficient." Department of the Army, Headquarters, 101st Airborne Division (Air Assault) and Fort Campbell, Fort Campbell, Kentucky and American Federation of Government Employees, Local 2022, 7 FLRA 18, 19 (1981).
We reject the Union's contention that the Arbitrator "should have disqualified himself." Exception at 1. We find, consistent with decisions of Federal courts in private sector labor relations cases, that an arbitrator is not automatically disqualified by a social or personal relationship with someone involved in the arbitration when that relationship is fully disclosed to the parties. See, for example, Toyota of Berkeley v. Automobile Salesmen's Union, Local 1095, 834 F.2d 751, 755 (9th Cir. 1987); see also Commonwealth Coatings Corp. v. Continental Casualty Co., 393 U.S. 145, 150 (1968) (J. White concurring).
Furthermore, in the absence of exceptional circumstances, contentions of prejudice or bias on the part of an arbitrator provide no basis for finding an award deficient when (1) the arbitrator fully discloses a social or personal relationship with someone involved in the arbitration and (2) the party filing the exception failed to object to the arbitrator at the time of the disclosure. See, for example, Sheet Metal Workers Local 420 v. Kinney Air Conditioning Co., 756 F.2d 742, 746 (9th Cir. 1985); Morelite Construction Corp. v. New York City District Council Carpenters Benefit Funds, 748 F.2d 79, 84 n.5 (2d Cir. 1984) ("[A] disgruntled party cannot object after an award has been made[.]"); Early v. Eastern Transfer, 699 F.2d 552, 558 (1st Cir. 1983) ("In the absence of exceptional circumstances, we will not entertain a claim of personal bias where it could have been but was not raised at the hearing to which it applies.").
The ArbitraLocated.
Members of
We Accept
Company
India Destinations
India Tours Packages
India Vacations-
: Z.H.P. Unlosing Ranger Vs. Darkdeath Evilman Guided Fate Paradox scheduled to launch this fall release for PS3
The PSP roguelike Z.H.P. Unlosing Ranger Vs. Darkdeath Evilman is proving as resilient as its namesake with news that its spiritual successor, The Guided Fate Paradox, will be launching later this year for PS3. Developed by the team behind Disgaea: Hour of Darkness, The Guided Fate Paradox will introduce players to Renya Kagurazaka, a high school student who has become a god after winning a mall lottery. In order to fulfill his deity duties, he must travel to the Copy World in order to change the Original World so that people’s wishes come true.
[Continue]
[Continue]Daniel Sexton Cape Girardeau Missouri 1797-1806
Daniel Sexton, purported son of George Sexton and Sarah Harlan of Maryland, appears to have spent several years in and around Cape Girardeau and New Madrid Missouri during the years 1797 through 1806 (last date of record). Also in Cape Girardeau was Daniel's brother, Joshua Sexton (first record 1802, land claim 1806) and one Charles Sexton, relationship unknown. Does anyone know who this Charles Sexton was? He was in the Cape Girardeau district as early as 1797, particiapated as a drummer in the Spanish Militia (1802), filed land claims through the early American era and appears to have remained in the area until at least as late as 1813.
on 2012-07-11 00:00:08
srwyckoff has been a Family Tree Circles member since Jul 2012.Stories Tagged "colleges"
Displaying 1 to 7 of 7 results.
Budgets Squeezed at Agriculture Colleges
posted on July 1, 2011 at 12:07 PM
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- As university budgets take a beating across the country, agricultural schools and extension programs are feeling the impact. Full Story
Agriculture Colleges Reduce Herds to Cut Costs
posted on July 16, 2010 at 2:07 PM
BURLINGTON, Vt (AP)— The fields and long red barns at the University of Vermont will soon house fewer cows as low milk prices, high costs and budget cuts have forced the university to sell its herd. Full Story
Kansas State Approved to Conduct Bioscience Research With Potentially Dangerous Toxins
posted on May 28, 2010 at 3:05 PM
MANHATTAN, Kansas (AP) -After mounds of paperwork and months of preparation, Kansas State University's Biosecurity Research Institute has been approved to conduct research projects using several dangerous agents. Full Story
Family Donates $7M Cattle Ranch to Missouri State
posted on February 19, 2010 at 12:02 PM
SPRINGFIELD, Mo (AP)--A family known in the cattle market as top breeders are donating a ranch worth $7 million to Missouri State University. Full Story
Community College Educates New Employees For Wind Turbine Industry
posted on August 8, 2008 at 8:08 PM
Full Story
ISU Ag School Enrollment Mirrors Booming Farm Economy
posted on April 18, 2008 at 8:04 PM
AMES, Iowa (AP) -- Enrollment at Iowa State University's College of Agriculture and Life Sciences is mirroring the farm economy -- it's booming. Full Story
Illinois State University to Introduce Renewable Energy Degree
posted on July 6, 2007 at 8:07 PM
NORMAL, Ill (AP) - Illinois State University hopes a new degree program catches a wave of jobs expected to rise as the US steers away from fossil fuels. Full Story
Displaying 1 to 7 of 7 results.If yourself.
Photos from behind the scenes on Day Two of the 2012 Bassmaster Elite Series St. Johns River Showdown.
Part James Bond, part Most Interesting Man in the World, Paul Barth and Steve Cassidy fly and shoot for a living, and they get clearance from the U.S. Department of Defense to do it.
Newly.Stretching Murge, the high grassy plain that dominates the center of this region of wheat and olive farming, then south to the flat half moon of the gulf of Taranto. The landscape of the Murge is dotted with mysterious-looking conical shelters called I Trulli, built by an ancient race and still used for agricultural storage and teenage make-out sessions I must admit, I am very high on Puglia. In my opinion this is the “next Tuscany” for the American traveler; it is exotic, yet accessible, its people are poets and thinkers and workers, and when all mixed together, it works and is user-friendly. in to chewy disks called orecchiette (little ears) or twisted pappardelle cognates called sagne, but commercially made dried strand pasta, often referred to as vermicelli in classic recipes, is used in many dishes. Meat, as in the entire poor south, is used for special occasions, or in small quantities in pastas or soups, but rarely in the American style as a massive main course. Cheese takes on a certain spirituality in the form of burrata, a frame of mind God would dream of if she was derived from milk.
Heading down the coast, take a right at Monopoli and head inward to the town of Alberobello, where a giant trullo has been converted into a spot where poetry, a sense of place and tradition all come together in an elegant melody at Il Poety Contadino.
Mario's Picks
A slightly less traditional twist on classic Pugliese seaside cooking. Expect a lot of crudo, excellent cavatelli with clams, all of the best of the Adriatic simply grilled or baked and served with local oil, lemon and fresh hot chilis.
Perhaps the most famous spot in Puglia, loved by critics and locals alike. Aside from it’s magnificent setting in a country home in a park like forest, the greeting and general level of comforting yet correct service and hospitality are extraordinary.1998 Jeep Grand Cherokee ZJ - Grand SlamPosted in Features on April 7, 2014 Comment (0)
The iconic open-top Jeep is in many ways one of the best platforms for building a hard- core off-road rig. The lack of sheetmetal (read no permanent bendable roof), fold-down (and easily replaceable) windshield frame, and tons of aftermarket support means CJs or Wranglers are usually the first Jeeps to be built with big tires and a heavy-duty drivetrain. But sometimes that just does not make sense. One such case where a CJ or Wrangler build would just not fit the bill was when Jason Woods of Alamogordo, New Mexico, wanted to build an enclosed (read sealed from the elements) family wheeler. You see, Jason and his family were planning to attend the All For Fun Jeep event in Lake County, Colorado, this past summer. With wet and muddy trails, 12,000-foot elevations, and fickle weather that may result in freezing rain or snow, he knew his current rig (an open top YJ on 42s with no heater) wasn’t gonna keep the family happy. Jason hoped to find a TJ or LJ for the base of his family wheeler project. Jason knew he wanted a V-8, climate controls, and big tires, but look as he may nothing TJ-based came up without being well outside his price range. That is until he widened his gaze a bit and came across someone selling a Grand Cherokee project that had stalled. The end result is the clean and well-built Jeep Grand Cherokee ZJ you see before you here.
Chassis
Keep in mind that the pictures you see here were shot at All For Fun in early August 2013. That’s about three months after Jason bought the Grand Cherokee as an uncompleted project in April of 2013. That’s a quick build by anyone’s standards, especially when you consider how much work Jason did himself to the uncompleted project. Having said that, the Clayton Off Road 7-inch long-arm suspension was mostly in place and the 1-ton axles were already under the Jeep when Jason got it. Jason had plans for big tires so he started cutting sheetmetal and stretched the front control arms about 4 inches to move the tires away from the firewall. While doing this the front suspension was also converted from a radius arm style to a true three-link with a track bar. The third upper link twists at the axle end via 2.63-inch forged Ballistic Joint and a Johnny Joint on the frame side. Out back the Clayton four-link was also stretched about 1.5 inches for maximum wheelbase and rear door to front of rear tire clearance. Limiting straps are used both front and rear to control the droop and keep the Clayton-sourced springs in place on the Jeep during flex. Shocks on all four corners are 11-inch-travel Bilstein 5100s.
Having the huge front tires pushed so far forward means lots of sheetmetal has to be removed or modified, and we’ll talk more about that in a bit, but the trimming kinda speaks for its self. The front inner fenderwells were massively modified for clearance and stock steel was replaced with 14-gauge bits to help retain the Unitbody’s structural strength. Material was also added to the pseudo framerails in the front section of the Unitbody toward the front bumper. The Jeep’s stock lead-acid battery was replaced by a sealed Optima Yellow Top, mounted in a Blue Torch Fab battery box. Both were then placed at an angle under the hood to clear the modified front inner wheelwell. The home-built front bumper, formed of 3⁄16-inch plate, holds a Warn XD9000 winch while adding rigidity to the Unitbody framerails at the front of the Jeep. Below and mounted to the bumper is a Skyjacker Rock Lock sway bar designed for a TJ to help control sway on-road and allow it in the dirt.
The Jeep Grand Cherokee ZJ’s factory power steering box was leaking like a stuck pig so Jason replaced it with a rebuilt Wagoneer box that was tapped by West Texas Off Road for hydraulic ram assist. Jason then added in an 8-inch stroke ram from PSC to further help direct the soon-to-be-spinning 40s. To help slow the big four-door Jason robbed the hydroboost and master cylinder from a ’03 Duramax. With the addition of the steering and brake upgrades the stock power steering pump was not up to snuff. To resolve this, a rebuilt type two Saginaw power steering pump with a remote reservoir tap from a ’90s XJ was sourced. The pressure valve was massaged for maximum output and then Jason tracked down a junkyard-fresh power steering reservoir from a ’95 BMW 740IL to handle all that fluid. The German part fits the bill with its steel construction, and Jason also adds that, “It has several return ports and a replaceable internal filter as well as a screen on the large filler cap to keep out dirt.” Cool!
In the rear of the Jeep the fenders were basically comp-cut for massive rear tire clearance. Stock structural sheetmetal from behind the rear wheelwells was replaced with 16-guage steel boxed panels to retian rigidity and to allow Jason to keep the Jeep Grand Cherokee ZJ’s rear hatch in place. The rear bumper is made from 3⁄16-inch rectangular tubing that was notched and formed to match the contour of the rear of the body and maintain the rear hatch’s seal. The rear bumper also adds rigidity to the Unitbody’s overall structure much like the front bumper.
Drivetrain
Once Jason got the Grand Cherokee in his hands he went through everything “that holds fluids, oils, or grease.” That meant replacing and rebuilding most of the cooling system, adding new hoses, a water pump, a timing chain and cover, and a radiator. Jason also had to toss a set of polyurethane motor and tranny mounts at the 5.2L V-8. The factory NP249 T-case was dropped and replaced with a NP231J from a ’97 TJ. The NP231 also received a slip-yoke eliminator as well as a 2-Lo conversion to the internal shifter plate. Custom driveshafts were built front and rear and use 1310-size U-joints and double-cardan joints on the T-case end of things. Downhill from the T-case lives a kingpin Dana 60 front axle from a ’79 Ford. This axle features a custom “home brew” mini truss for the axle end of the third upper link. Out back a home-shaved GM Corporate 14-bolt (that now has 13-bolts in the cover) turns the tires and is held in place with another home-built truss and Clayton lower control arm brackets. The rear axle was modified with disc brakes using brackets from Great Lakes Off Road and GM front rotors and calipers. Gears both front and rear are 5.13s and spin both axleshafts come what may thanks to a pair of venerable Detroit Lockers.
Body and Interior
In addition to the extensive modifications made to the Grand’s Unitbody, front and rear fenders Jason also raised the position of stock gas tank. This was accomplished by basically cutting the floor over the fuel tank out of the back of the ZJ’s body. The remaining sheetmetal was then folded down, gusseted with more steel, and welded in place. This allowed the tank to be moved up about 9 inches between the pseudo-framerails of the Jeep. Below the tank a new skidplate and fuel tank support was built out of 1⁄8-inch plate steel. Then the fuel filler was rerouted and a new “floor” was constructed in the back of the Jeep to make sure fuel and fuel vapors have a hard time getting inside the passenger compartment of the Grand. The aforementioned front and rear fenders were carefully trimmed as high as possible and feature cleanly radiused cuts. The rear cut starts at the bottom of the front of the rear wheelwell, leaving just enough metal to weld up the seam and extends all the way back to the brake light. The rear brake light housings were also cut down to size and a new sealed bottom attached. The interior of the ZJ remains basically stock with upgrades in the form of Dickies seat covers from “Wally World,” a Cobra CB radio, an old head unit with an input jack and a USB port, and most importantly for family peace and comfort, both the factory heater and A/C.
Good, Bad, and What It’s For
We love the low stance and huge tires on this Grand Cherokee. It looks great and works well for a nearly completed build (As if any Jeep is ever complete!). Jason hit the mark when he set out to build a family friendly off-road Jeep that is capable and comfortable. We really wish the Jeep had a rollcage that is as stout and well-built as the rest of the rig. The good news on that front is Jason has a Rock Hard 4x4 rollcage for the ZJ and is just waiting for some extra time to install it. Jason also needs to build some stout rocker guards, and given the other things he’s done to the Grand we are sure they will be stout and well thought out once together. Since we shot the feature on the Grand Jason has made a few changes like adding a set of 40x13.50R17 Nitto Mud Grapplers mounted on the same Soft 8 wheels that were modified with DIY weld on bead locks from Total Metal Innovations. Jason also plans on replacing the Jeeps’ coil springs and shocks with a set of ORI struts he has also sitting on a shelf waiting for time to install them.
Hard Facts
Vehicle: ’98 Jeep Grand Cherokee ZJ
Engine: 5.2L V-8
Transmission: 44RE four-speed auto
Transfer Case: NP231J
Suspension: Three-link with track bar (front); four-link with triangulated uppers (rear)
Axles: Dana 60 (front); Corporate 14-bolt (rear)
Wheels: 17x8 Soft 8 steel
Tires: 40x13.5R17 Goodyear MT/R
Built For: Taking the family…anywhere
Why I Wrote This Feature
I was at All For Fun with Discount Tire’s RESQ1 project when I saw this ZJ in the parking lot. It was different enough catch my eye and the large tires and beefy parts made me think of ZJs that I have built in my mind for years. I left my business card on the windshield and went back to playing with RESQ1, hoping the owner would call me up. Jason quickly did and then was nice enough to wait around for a while, while I finished up my RESQ1 chores. We then rolled up one of the trails to an old abandoned mine so I could shoot photos late in the afternoon. I dig the Jeep because it is, in my opinion, what more people should build. Added beef where necessary, but without the fluff and frills that make things gaudy.>> links style golf course. Rooms include a large private balcony, spacious living area, kitchenette, cable TV and broadband Internet access. This Wollongong hotel also offers areas suitable for conferences, seminars; functions and weddings as well as a restaurant which is open for lunch and dinner. For friendly and knowledgeable staff and a convenient location in Wollongong, make a reservation at the BEST WESTERN City Sands today! Enjoy your stay.bestwestern.com»
BACK TO CRASH.NET
Crash.Net F1 News
Gearbox penalty for di Resta
8 September 2012
Paul di Resta's Italian Grand Prix will start from five places further back than he qualifies after he Sahara Force India team confirmed that he would need to change the gearbox in his VJM05.
The problem was not made apparent after the Scot and team-mate Nico Hulkenberg completed the two 90-minute free practice sessions on Friday, but even before the cars had rolled out of the Monza pit-lane for Saturday morning's session, news broke that di Resta's #11 machine was ailing and would require a new 'box for the rest of the meeting.
"There were no issues with the cars," chief engineer Jakob Andreasen reported after the opening day's action, "It was a productive day of practice, which has given us all the data we need heading into the weekend. There are still some balance improvements to be made, but the set-up programme ran smoothly.
"In the afternoon, our focus moved towards longer runs to give us the tyre data and to help determine our approach for the rest of the weekend. We will go through the data tonight and then focus on qualifying performance tomorrow morning.”
di Resta started the weekend keen to make up for the frustration of last Sunday's Belgian Grand Prix, when KERS failure meant that he was unable to capitalise on a first corner accident that accounted for several frontrunners.
“A pretty standard afternoon session for me and I seemed to get in the groove quite quickly," the former DTM champion said of his sole Friday outing, having handed his car to reserve driver Jules Bianchi for the morning, "The preparation we had done in the simulator was useful and the baseline set-up was not very far away from where we needed to be. We improved the car with each run so there's plenty of data to go through tonight to improve our performance before qualifying.”
di Resta finished eighth overall on the combined timesheets, one place ahead of Hulkenberg, as Force India underlined the potential being shown by other Mercedes-powered teams around the royal park.
“It was nice to have a dry and straightforward Friday for a change so that we could get through our programme and complete some long runs," Hulkenberg noted, referring to the previous four rounds, all of which had seen Friday practice blighted by rain, .”
»
BACK TO CRASH.NETBook your room at Econo Lodge Inn And Suites
Motel in White Haven with free breakfast
Collect 200 points
Simply enter your Nectar card number when prompted. Your points will be credited 30 days after you return from your trip.*Offers may apply free breakfast.
Room Amenities
All 40 rooms feature kitchenettes with refrigerators and microwaves, plus free WiFi and TVs with satellite channels. Other amenities available to guests include sofa beds, living rooms, and coffee makers.Information missing or incorrect? Tell us!
Hotel Amenities
Hotel Amenities
Guests can enjoy a complimentary breakfast. High-speed wireless Internet access is complimentary. This White Haven motel also offers tour/ticket assistance, multilingual staff, and RV/bus/truck parking.
- Total number of rooms - 40
- Free breakfast
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Free WiFi
- Multilingual staff
- RV, bus, truck parking
Family Friendly Amenities
- Separate living room
- Free Wi-Fi
- Kitchenette
- Sofa bed
- Refrigerator
- Microwave
Internet
Available in all rooms: Free WiFi
Available in some public areas: Free WiFi
Parking
RV, bus, truck parking
Room Amenities
- Climate control
- Phone
- Free local calls
- Kitchenette
- Refrigerator
- Coffee/tea maker
- Microwave
- Hair dryer
- Desk
- Television
- Satellite TV service
- Sofa bed
- Separate living room
- Free WiFi
Where to Eat
Guests are offered a complimentary continental breakfast.
Accessibility
To make requests for specific accessibility needs, complete the “Special or Accessibility Requests" section of “Trip Preferences" when you book your hotel.
- Accessible path of travel
- Accessible bathroom
-.Snapchat – Another Hack Reveals More Risks
It seems as though picture and video texting app Snapchat is proving to be less secure and more troublesome with every passing week.
The app, which is commonly used by teens and young adults, has been plagued by pornographic spam issues, private, compromising photos finding their way to the internet, a common hack for iPhones which removes the photos’ security features and now a new issue with Android phones.
A Utah-based computer forensics firm, Decipher Forensics, last week published a report indicating that Snapchat pictures received on an Android device, whether they are viewed or not, are recoverable at a later date.
The author has.”
Users of Snapchat are assured by the app company that photos will self destruct 1 – 10 seconds after being viewed, and that the only way a receiver can capture the image permanently is to take a screen shot, in which case the sender is notified. That sounds safe enough, but appears to be anything but foolproof.
A blog post appearing on Snapchat’s website yesterday appears to confirm the findings of Decipher Forensic’s exercise:
While an unopened snap is being stored on the device, it’s not impossible to circumvent the Snapchat app and access the files directly. This isn’t something we support or encourage and in most cases it would involve jailbreaking or “rooting” the phone and voiding its warranty. If you’re trying to save a snap, it would be easier (and safer) to just take a screenshot or take a picture with another camera.
Also,
Young people should always be very careful what they send to friends or post on the internet. Snapchat’s claim that pictures are deleted forever probably overstates the case. Parents looking for more information can check out the Snapchat Guide for Parents.
Contact ThirdParent any time for help and resources for monitoring teen internet activity.
Follow us on Twitter or Facebook for more news and information on keeping your teens safe online.[as prepared for delivery]
Good morning. It's a pleasure to be back in my home state of New Mexico on official FCC business. The only thing better would be being back in New Mexico on vacation. But if I have to be working while I'm back in New Mexico, I couldn't be more pleased that I'm working on an issue that's so important to me and to many New Mexicans. It's the issue of telephone subscribership among Native Americans on reservations and pueblos.
This is a critical issue for the Native American community in New Mexico and throughout the United States. Today and in the future, basic telephone service will, at a minimum, provide instant access to emergency services. Beyond that, having a telephone simply helps a person function in society. In today's society, the telephone is integral to making a living and to staying in touch with family and friends. So when large numbers of Native Americans lack telephone service, that is cause for concern.
In addition, the lack of telephone service will increasingly affect a person's quality of life. This is because the telephone lines are what connect us to the Internet. And the Internet is quickly a becoming national town square. Everything from consumer purchases to politics to personal finance will one day be the domain of the Internet.
If you think there's a troublesome divide between the information haves and have-nots in our society today, just wait until the Internet takes hold. If you're not on the Internet in five years, your access to important information and the way you communicate with friends and relatives will be light years behind the rest of America. We cannot allow that to happen to Native Americans or to any group of Americans. That is why I am here today.
The sooner that all the stakeholders come together and address the problem of low telephone penetration on Native American lands, the more likely it will be that all Americans, including Native Americans, will be part of the telecommunications revolution. Looking over the list of participants in today's hearing, I am very pleased that so many quality people are here to help guide the FCC's thinking. But the credit for making today's hearing a reality goes to Chairman Kennard. He has made Native American issues a priority for his administration and has devoted many of the FCC's talented staff to solving this problem. I commend his leadership on this important issue.
I would also note my appreciation that Congresswoman Wilson and Congressman Udall took the time to be here. Their support will be extremely helpful if we are to make any headway on this issue.
Finally, I'd like to thank those of you in the audience for your attendance and your interest in this very important issue. And my sincere appreciation to the panelists who have put a great deal of effort to be here today to share ideas on how to solve this problem. With that, I'd like to introduce Congresswoman Heather Wilson.Kumasi Local Night Life.
Highlights
* Experience the fun nightlife of one of Ghana's most exciting cities
* Visit the busy bars, pubs, and sports hotels of Kumasi
* Discover the appeal of Ghana's unique 'hiplife' music
* Dance, chat, and laugh with the Kumasi locals
The dress code is informal, but we do always advise travellers to wear trousers as often as possible to keep the mosquitos away. If possible, also wear a long-sleeved top.
Child policy
All participants must be at least 17 years of age to join
Join the fun loving people of Ghana on this nightlife tour that takes in the pubs, clubs, and bars of colourful.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-1527613590529958801.post4766639219252886522..comments2015-05-21T17:44:23.433-07:00Comments on Genealogy's Star: Fair use and genealogyJames Tanner James! I didn't have your email address...Hello James! I didn't have your email address so I can only pass this on via comment to your blog:<br /><br /><br /><br />Interesting article on book authors being sued for a "false light" claim made - related to family history.<br /><br />I think this would make a good post for your blog here!Thomas MacEnteeMan shot shot dead in police clashComment on this story
Cape Town - The fractious relationship between police and residents of Netreg, Bonteheuwel, was dealt another blow on Sunday when police allegedly killed a man on one of the area’s main roads.
The incident followed an attack by residents on two police officers who were responding to a crime scene.
This comes against the backdrop of an inquiry into the breakdown of relations between police and the community in Khayelitsha.
On Monday, residents rallied behind the slain man’s family, who have vowed not to rest until the police officer who allegedly killed their only son is tried, convicted and put behind bars.
Jerome Brown, 36, was shot in the face at close range on Sunday afternoon, allegedly by a police officer, close to the home where he lived with his mother.
His family has claimed that he was an innocent victim and posed no threat to police at the time of the shooting.
Police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Andre Traut has confirmed that the incident was the subject of an investigation by the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid) to determine the circumstances which led to his death. This was also confirmed by Ipid.
Brown’s sister, Mushfieqah Ismail, said on Monday: “I will co-operate with the Ipid during the investigation, but don’t for a moment think I am leaving it there. I don’t know how these things work, but I will consult a lawyer, and my family and I will not rest until we see that man [who fired the shot] behind bars.”
A friend of Brown who witnessed his death and who asked not to be named, said she “will never forget” the face of the man who fired. She said she would testify in court.
Yesterday, police revealed the circumstances of the shooting.
“[On Sunday] at approximately 5.30pm, two SAPS members attached to the Bishop Lavis police station came under attack in the Kreefgat area of Netreg when they responded to a complaint of a shooting in progress in the area. Upon arrival, the police members were approached by a riotous group of people who smashed their vehicles windows and assaulted the members while they were trapped inside the vehicle. Attempts to disarm the members failed… in the process a shot was discharged from one of the official’s firearms. During the incident, 34-year-old Jerome Brown was fatally wounded.”
Residents at the scene before and during the shooting corroborated this order of events. They said two unknown men from outside the community started firing shots on Netreg Road at about 4.40pm on Sunday.
“When police arrived on the scene about an hour later the community turned on them. We have had many promises from the police that they will protect our children from these gangsters that come from outside,” said Jackline Brown, Brown’s sister.
“This was the theme of a meeting [with police] where the whole community was present a few weeks ago. People are fed up with their slow response time. By the time they got here the suspects were long gone. Instead of arresting the real trouble makers, the police harass our community. That is one of the reasons they were attacked,” she said.
Police condemned the assault on the officers.
“Both members who were attacked were admitted to hospital and are recovering. Additional resources were deployed to the area to restore order,” Traut said. “No one has been arrested in connection with the attack on our members. However, investigations will continue. We will not allow violence to be perpetrated against police officers. Every endeavour will be made to bring those responsible to book.”
He said the incident was a “deliberate attempt from individuals in the community to intimidate the SAPS and to protect gang members who are keeping communities hostage”.
But Brown’s mother, Fathima Williams, and various witnesses interviewed by the Cape Argus said Brown posed no threat to police.
“He had been drinking from the night before,” Williams said. “He was unarmed and very, very drunk when he walked over to the scene where people were attacking the officers. The police even called him over to talk to him moments before he was shot.”
Williams sat next to her son’s body for hours while forensics officers collected evidence on the scene.
A witness said Brown had been shot at point-blank range.
Brown was released after 16 years in jail in March this year. He had since started a job as an electrician.
“We were all so happy that he would be with us for Christmas for the first time since he was a teenager, but he was the most excited of all,” said Williams.
Ismail viewed her brother’s body in the morgue on Monday. “He had been shot through the eye. There were still white spots where the gunpowder had discoloured his face,” she said.
Netreg ward councillor Nas Abrahams was told about the incidents shortly before being contacted by the Cape Argus. “I’m in no position to comment. I would first have to find out what happened,” he said.
Western Cape police commissioner Arno Lamoer condemned the attack on the police officers.
Regarding allegations of slow police response, he said: “What kind of society do we live in where people use violence to voice their concerns about service delivery from police?
“There are many channels to escalate their concerns. One of them would be to take it up directly with myMore New and Used
from Private Sellers
Annual Editions: Drugs, Society, and Behavior 11/12by Wilson, Hugh
Edition:
26th
ISBN13:
9780078050916
ISBN10:
007805091X
Format:
Paperback
Pub. Date:
2/1/2011
Publisher(s):
McGraw-Hill/Dushkin: Drugs, Society, and Behavior, 11/12
Preface
Correlation Guide
Topic Guide
Internet References
UNIT 1: Living with Drugs
Unit Overview
1. History of Alcohol and Drinking around the World, David J. Hanson, PhD, adapted from David J. Hanson, Preventing Alcohol Abuse: Alcohol, Culture and Control, Westport, CT: Praeger, 1995
Alcohol use by humans, probably tens of thousands of years old, has both comforted and plagued almost every society. In this discussion author David Hanson describes the drug’s journey through time.
2. Did Prohibition Really Work?, Jack S. Blocker, Jr., American Journal of Public Health, February 2006
This article discusses the legacies of Prohibition from diverse historical perspectives. Is failure the correct word to associate with this complex social process?
3. Tackling Top Teen Problem—Prescription Drugs, George Lauby and Kamie Wheelock, North Platte Bulletin, April 11, 2009
The illegal use of prescription drugs looms larger than problem drinking or marijuana use. This article examines the lives of a group of teens who currently use prescription drugs.
4. Smoking, Drugs, Obesity Top Health Concerns for Kids, Medical News Today, May 6, 2007
Concern about kids’ health, on the roads, at school, and even online is a given. This article discusses some of today’s biggest worries relative to kids nd drugs.
5. San Diego State U. Defends Its Role in Federal Drug Sting, Sara Lipka, The Chronicle of Higher Education, May 23, 2008
Drugs on college campuses are common; federal stings are not. This article discusses the investigation at San Diego State and briefly examines when colleges should punish instead of educate.
6. Reflections on 40 Years of Ethnographic Drug Abuse Research: Implications for the Future, Robert Carlson, Merrill Singer, Richard Stephens and Claire Sterk, Journal of Drug Issues, Vol. 39, Issue 1, Winter 2009
This article focuses on past, present, and potential future contributions of ethnographic research to better understand street cultures of drug use and their relationship to various intervention processes.
7. Mexico Drug Cartels Extend Reach in U.S., Carol Cratty, CNN, March 28, 2010
The availability of illegal drugs remains persistent in the United States fueled largely by expanding activity from Mexican drug cartels. These organizations have infiltrated every region of the United States having expanded into both rural and suburban areas.
8. A Pill Problem, Karmen Hanson, State Legislatures, March 2010
Prescription drug abuse is the fastest growing form of drug abuse. What is behind this steadily increasing and alarming trend?
UNIT 2: Understanding How Drugs Work—Use, Dependency, and Addiction
Unit Overview
9. Drug Addiction and Its Effects, Drug Abuse and Addition, February 26, 2008
What is drug addiction? This article briefly explains what it is, how it affects the brain, and addresses the question of why some people become addicted and others do not.
10. Family History of Alcohol Abuse Associated with Problematic Drinking among College Students, Joseph W. LaBrie, Savannah Migliuri, Shannon R. Kenney, and Andrew Lac, Addictive Behaviors, 35(7), 2010
Studies examining family history of alcohol abuse among college students are conflicting and suffer from research limitations. This report investigates family history of alcohol abuse and its potential for predicting future alcohol-related problems.
11. Biological Perspectives- Antimethamphetamine Antibodies: A New Concept for Treating Methamphetamine Users, Cynthia J. Anderson, SN, Kathleen Gilchrist, PhD, RN, and Norman L. Keltner, EdD, APRN Perspectives in Psychiatric Care, Vol. 46, No. 2, April 2010
This article reviews pathophysiological issues that nurses should consider when working with methamphetamine-addicted individuals.
12. Medical Marijuana and the Mind, Harvard Mental Health Letter, Vol. 26, No. 10, April 2010
More is known about the risks of medical use of marijuana than the benefits. Most of the research is based on the study of those who have smoked the drug for recreational, not medical, purposes. The movement to legalize marijuana in the U.S. has renewed the discussion about how this drug affects the brain, and whether it might be useful in treating psychiatric disorders.
13. Scripps Research Team Finds Stress Hormone Key to Alcohol Dependence, M. Roberto, The Scripps Research Institute, 2010
Scientists have found that a specific stress hormone may be a key to the development and maintenance of alcohol dependence in animals. Chemically blocking this stress hormone also blocked the signs and symptoms of addiction. What are the implications for humans?
14. The Genetics of Alcohol and Other Drug Dependence, Danielle M. Dick and Arpana Agrawal, Alcohol Research and Health, Vol. 31, No. 2, 2008
This article explores the hypothesis that certain genetic factors increase a person’s risk for both alcohol and drug abuse.
15. Role of Cannabis and Endocannabinoids in the Genesis of Schizophrenia, Emilio Fernandez-Espejo, Maria-Paz Viveros, Luis Núñez, Bart A. Ellenbroek and Fernando Rodriguez de Fonseca, Psychopharmacology, 206(4), 2009
This study looks at the relationship between cannabis abuse and endocannabiniods and their association to schizophrenia.
16. Movement Disorders and MDMA Abuse, James Allen Wilcox, D O, PhD. and Aidee Herrera Wilcox, B.A., Journal of Psychoactive Drugs, Vol. 41 (2), June 2009
This article examines the cases of two young men who abused MDMA and later developed movement disorders typical of the Parkinson’s disease. Potential risks of MDMA use and movement disorders are discussed.
UNIT 3: The Major Drugs of Use and Abuse
Unit Overview
17. An Update on the Effects of Marijuana and Its Potential Medical Use: Forensic Focus, Sherwood O. Cole, Forensic Examiner, Fall 2005
While the public continues to be bombarded with information about the effects and usefulness of marijuana, author Sherman Cole attempts to clarify some of the reasons fueling these debates.
18. Methamphetamines, Matt York, The New York Times, May 11, 2010
Known as crank, ice, Tina, or crystal meth, methamphetamine is not new. For years, meth abuse has spread from rural areas of the West and South, slowly expanding to the Midwest and the East. Today meth abuse is the world’s number one drug problem.
19. Crystal Meth: The Dangers of Crystal Meth, Chemist and Druggist, January 31, 2009
With OTC sales of pseudoephedrine medicines coming under scrutiny in the UK, community pharmacist Bob Dunkley looks at the dangers posed by crystal meth, how the U.S. addressed the problem and how the UK may adopt a similar approach.
20. Binge Drinking and Its Consequences Up Among American College Students, Madeline Ellis, Family Health, June 16, 2009
Binge drinking among college students is on the rise, and so are the consequences. It is estimated that as many as 300,000 of today’s college students will eventually die of alcohol-related causes. What is behind this disturbing trend?
21. Public Lands: Cartels Turn U.S. Forests into Marijuana Plantations Creating Toxic Mess, Phil Taylor, Land Letter, E&E Publishing, LLC, July 30, 2009
Mexican cartels are crossing the border and setting up pot farms on public lands, creating not only a public menace, but an environmental one as well.
22. Pseudoephedrine Smurfing Fuels Surge in Large-Scale Methamphetamine Production in California, Situation Report, U.S. Department of Justice National Drug Intelligence Center, June 2009
This report presents information regarding pseudoephedrine smurfing in California. The NDIC discusses data related to the use of OTC ephedrine to produce meth.
UNIT 4: Other Trends in Drug Use
Unit Overview
23. Adolescent Painkiller Use May Increase Risk of Addiction, Heroin Use, Alcoholism and Drug Abuse Weekly, Vol. 20, No. 36, September 22, 2008
A recent study found that oxycodone produced different effects in adolescents than in adults. Adolescents who use opiates may be more likely to become addicts as adults. This article suggests that prescription opiates are gateway drugs to heroin.
24. Caffeinated Energy Drinks—A Growing Problem, Chad J. Reissig, Eric C. Strain, and Roland R. Griffiths, Drug and Alcohol Dependence, Vol. 99, 2009
Regulatory implications concerning labeling, advertising, and the clinical implications for children and adolescents are discussed.
25. Issues in Correctional Care: Propofol and Intravenous Drug Abuse, Abe M. Macher, MD, American Jails, Criminal Justice Periodicals, 23(6), January/February 2010
Propofol is a central nervous system depressant that is administered by anesthesiologists. Unfortunately, illicit "drug diversion" of powerful anesthetic agents has made these psychotropic drugs available for abuse, leading to sometimes deadly consequences.
26. College Students’ Cheap Fix, Trina Jones, Katie Berger and Alexandra Schwappach, The Spokesman Review, November 15, 2009
An increasing number of students are using ADHD drugs to stay alert. It’s cheap and available, providing a quick and focused high. The increasing rate of abuse is alarming.
27. Availability of Websites Offering to Sell Psilocybin Spores and Psilocybin, Jason P. Lott, M D, M S H P, Douglas B. Marlowe, J D, PhD, and Robert F. Forman, Ph.D., Journal of Psychoactive Drugs, Vol. 41 (3), September 2009
These authors investigated the online availability of psilocybin. Is this particular hallucinogen widely available for purchase on the Internet?
28. Youth Use of Legal Drugs Eclipses Illicit-Drug Use, Annual Survey Reports, Bob Curley, Join Together, December 11, 2008
The War on Drugs has long been cast as a battle against illegal narcotics, but the latest federal data shows that seven of the top 10 drugs being misused by high-school seniors are legal prescription or over-the-counter medications.
UNIT 5: Measuring the Social Costs of Drugs
Unit Overview
29. The Problem with Drinking, Cheryl Harris Sharman, Perspectives in Health, Vol. 10, No. 1, 2005
The abuse of alcohol is an international issue. The wider problem of alcohol in the Americas is discussed in this article. Is this a good example of a world-wide epidemic of alcohol abuse?
30. With Cars as Meth Labs, Evidence Litters Roads, Susan Saulny, The New York Times, April 15, 2010
The ‘mobile method’ for making meth has grown in popularity because it’s easier, cheaper, and harder to notice. It doesn’t require a lot of space, is a one-pot recipe, and disposing of the meth lab is done by putting it in a trash bag and tossing it out of a car window.
31. Los Zetas: The Ruthless Army Spawned by a Mexican Drug Cartel, George W. Grayson, Foreign Policy Research Institute, May 2008
This article methodically explores the U.S.-Mexican narcotics relations. Specifically examined are the origins of Los Zetas, their resources and major operations.
32. The Role of Substance Abuse in U.S. Juvenile Justice Systems and Populations, Heather Horowitz, Hung-En Sung, and Susan E. Foster, Corrections Compendium, January/February 2006
Nearly 89 percent of juvenile arrests involve children and teens who are under the influence of drugs and/or alcohol. This article includes some discussion of the variables that influence this.
UNIT 6: Creating and Sustaining Effective Drug Control Policy
Unit Overview
33. Catch and Release, Janelle Weiner, Sacramento News & Review, April 2, 2009
California’s prisons are packed with repeat nonviolent drug offenders. Folsom State Prison’s Parolee Substance Abuse Program seeks to rehabilitate, not incarcerate.
34. Drugs: To Legalize or Not, Steven B. Duke, American News Essay, April 25, 2009
Supporters argue that decriminalizing the possession and use of marijuana would raise billions in taxes and eliminate much of the profits that fuel bloodshed and violence in Mexico. Do you agree?
35. Do No Harm: Sensible Goals for International Drug Policy, From AE October 2011
This article discusses the problems nations—specifically the United States—encounter in the pursuit of a sensible and diplomatic drug policy.
36. It is Time to End the War on Drugs, Anonymous, Judicature, 93(2), September/October 2009
This author argues that an over reliance on law enforcement and incarceration to address the drug problem has led to seriously adverse consequences not only for public health, but also for the courts and correctional systems.
37. New Drug Control Strategy Signals Policy Shift, Sam Hananel, The Associated Press, May 11, 2010
The White House is putting more resources toward drug prevention and treatment as part of the Presidents pledge to treat illegal drug use more as a public health issue than a criminal justice problem. In spite of this, is the administrations’ focus on treatment and prevention more rhetoric than reality?
38. Beyond Supply and Demand: Obama’s Drug Wars in Latin America, Suzanna Reiss, NACLA Report on the Americas, 43(1), January/February 2010
The article focuses on President Obama’s drug policy in Latin America. The author stresses the need to understand and question the international political and economic foundations of drug policy in the U.S.
39. Feature: Twenty Years of Drug Courts—Results and Misgivings, Drug War Chronicle, Issue #580, April 10, 2009
The first drug court, designed to find a more effective way for the criminal justice system to deal with drug offenders, was born in Miami in 1989. Since then drug courts have expanded dramatically and include one in at least one in every state. Are they working?
UNIT 7: Prevention, Treatment, and Education
Unit Overview
40. Crime and Treatment: Overcrowded Prisons and Addicted Inmates Are a Tough Challenge for Lawmakers, Donna Lyons, State Legislators, March 2010
With a prison population that surged 12 percent from 2007 to 2008, Kentucky lawmakers are looking for a solution. Have they found one in a measure that passed last year that offers some felony offenders the option of treatment in lieu of criminal charges?
41. Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorders: When Science, Medicine, Public Policy and Laws Collide, Kenneth R. Warren and Brenda G. Hewitt, Developmental Disabilities Research Reviews, 15, 2009
This article provides an overview of the inherent confusion that asks when new scientific findings confront prevailing medical practice.
42. Identifying the Proper Drug-Abuse Treatment for Offenders, Mark T. Simpson, Corrections Today, December 2008
It is now estimated that the criminal justice system generates nearly 50 percent of all referrals to community-based drug-abuse treatment. With state legislatures searching for cost-effective alternatives to incarceration, the growth in drug abuse treatment for offenders can only be expected to continue.
43. Whose Responsibility Is Substance Abuse Treatment?, Melvin L. Williams, Corrections Today, Vol. 70, No. 6, December 2008
Treating drug abuse is difficult in the best of circumstances and there are no magic bullets. Who should do what to treat huge numbers inmates with long histories of drug abuse?
Test-Your-Knowledge Form
Article Rating FormI've fixed the transaction space reservation that caues filesystem
shutdowns when running with inode deletion code (the "noikeep" mount
option). The fix in the top-of-tree XFS code, which should be on
oss.sgi.com now. I have not turned inode deletion on by default, but
I am interested in having people give it a try (especially those who
had problems with it when it was on by default).
Glen Overby
==========================
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (TAKE)
From: glen overby <overby@xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>
Date: Mar 17 2004 08:04:06AM
[BugWorks mailnews processor v1.4.7]
==========================
Date: Tue Mar 16 16:52:31 PST 2004
Workarea: penguin.americas.sgi.com:/data/clink/a23/overby/l-2.4
Inspected by: sandeen,cattelan
The following file(s) were checked into:
bonnie.engr.sgi.com:/isms/linux/2.4.x-xfs
Modid: xfs-linux:xfs-kern:168597a
fs/xfs/xfs_trans.h - 1.124
- Add space for inode and allocation btrees to ITRUNCATE log reservation
Add XFS_ALLOCFREE_LOG_RES to IFREE log reservation.Wondering if anyone knows how to get a tattoo removed in Taipei. Have two that are ugly now. I know you can do it in Canada (for an arm and a leg.)
Thanks
Moderator: Charlie Phillips
Return to Where Can I Find...?
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 2 guestsA Broken Blade
The Washington Blade newspaper has announced that it has published its last edition. Needless to say, it came as a complete surprise to its loyal readers, not to mention its loyal staff, who just a few days previous were celebrating their 40th anniversary.
We once attended a gathering at the National Press Club where Ted Turner was the guest speaker. The CNN founder stated it was “all over” for newspapers, and predicted that they would soon be a thing of the past. This was in 1981.
People have been predicting that newspapers would soon be dead for years. And every year, several more die. Now people are predicting that print newspapers and magazines will be gone within ten years. Turner predicted print publications would be dead by 1991.
Okay, so he was a little off, but the fact remains that many major and minor newspapers and magazines have gone out of business over the past 20 years or so, and prospects for many other major dailies are not looking promising. Just look at our very own Washington Post. Its pages are diminishing every month. The City Paper has gone through equally tough times in recent memory.
In our five and half decades of service to the community, we have seen the Washington Evening Star go under, as well as a myriad of weekly and bi-weekly publications including the stately Uptown Citizen, The Hill Rag, O. Roy Chalk’s publication, and many more. Here at Georgetown Media Group we are encouraged that our advertisers and readers have been loyal.
We are now in our 56th year of publication, and while we have undergone several changes over the years, we are confident that our publication has a place in the community and we will remain a voice for the residents.Michael Jackson: 9 EW Covers
From his first appearance as a cover subject in 1991 with the release of his epic ''Black or White'' video to his most recent in 2001 with his ''Invincible'' comeback: Relive the late King of Pop's artistic highs and controversial lows
Slide 1 of 9
NOVEMBER 29, 1991
Michael Jackson's Black or White Blues
Michael Jackson’s controversial, epic 11-minute music video caught everyone’s attention. ”Was it an ingenuous artistic expression or part of a calculated strategy to reactivate interest in a performer,” we wondered.
June 26 2009 —!StarCraft 2: Heart of the Swarm may be classed as an expansion, but it's also a couple of games in one. Like Wings of Liberty, the foundation it builds upon, it's a real-time strategy game that has dared to pull its single-player and multiplayer components apart, balancing units differently for each mode and locking out dazzling solo toys when they'd unbalance competitive games.
That's why we've chosen to examine each element separately - and with separate reviewers. First, Christian Donlan turns his attention to Heart of the Swarm's campaign, which shifts the storyline's focus from the Terran forces to a wronged Sarah Kerrigan, the former Queen of Blades, as she starts to rebuild the various wriggling broods of the Zerg. Then our multiplayer man Rich Stanton looks at the refinement and rebalancing of a genuine gaming phenomenon. Part galactic soap opera and part chess match, part game and part sport, StarCraft 2 sounds like a potentially unwieldy beast. As our single score attests, however, there's a unifying principle at work: an attempt to broaden the reach of strategy gaming without sacrificing its deeper pleasures.
Christian Donlan on the campaign
The hallmark of a Blizzard game isn't the art, the schoolyard pulpiness of the subject matter or even the depths of tinkering each project endures before it's finally presented to the public. It's the fact that this developer, above almost all others, knows when to give you so much power that you start to feel bad for the people you're up against.
This is a sensation you'll revel in at carefully spaced moments slung throughout Heart of the Swarm's single-player campaign. An unknown unit turns up, an old ally learns a fresh trick, a new button suddenly appears on the UI. It flashes at you as your foes cower. It might as well be labelled: Oh, go on then.
Enemy Within is a case in point. A mission situated towards the end of the 20-level campaign, it's set on a Protoss ship and blessed with a simple objective: infest. You start off as a single larva, avoiding patrols as you gather the essence you need in order to evolve. Minutes later you're a towering brood mother directing quivering hordes of Zerglings to ravage whatever remains of the crew. It's a study in escalation that challenges Katamari Damacy, but it's also a dazzling clash of textures and shapes as the hard edges of the Protoss are overwhelmed by the wriggling mass at your command.
The Zerg are a great fit for Blizzard, and Heart of the Swarm sees them playing to the developer's strengths in excess. Wings of Liberty's campaign took pains to cast you as the scrappy underdog: a cadre of deep-space smokey joes, ekeing out a good time around the Wurlitzer while they rocketed from one guerrilla battle to the next. With ex-Ghost Sarah Kerrigan at the helm, you're still told your forces are under threat, but it can be hard to believe that when you see the Zerg on the battlefield, erupting from their eggs and racing across the landscape in a thick-pile rush of dripping mandibles.
You'll lead some gigantic armies into battle, but selecting units is surprisingly easy.
After the Terrans, there's a genuine bodyshock to it, actually: you're out of the toybox and into the flower bed where nasty things burrow and squirm. New forces are mutated out of larvae let loose from tumorous hatcheries rather than deposited in neat ranks outside of barracks, and your units are organic horrors like Aberrations, melee heavies whose spindly torsos pulse with throbbing purple boils. Rocking up with a bunch of Aberrations is the ultimate insult to your foe: you're administering a smackdown via a bunch of grapes with legs.
Taking your army's trembling biomass as a thematic cue, Blizzard spins a yarn about hyper-speed evolution as Kerrigan drifts between humanity and the Zerg in order to wreak vengeance for various wrongs. Cheesy as her internal conflict is, she's a more engaging lead than Jim Raynor, and the campaign has a welcome momentum as she travels the universe in a sort of disco gallbladder gathering scattered broods. She's getting the band back together! While Blizzard's narrative work is never far from self-parody, it retains a peculiar kind of integrity, a homespun charm that survives even the most lavishly produced cut-scenes.
Evolution cuts to the heart of what's new on the ground, too. Between battles, you'll get to upgrade units, picking from a trio of neat soft-choice perks one minute and more elaborate hard-lock evolutions the next. Do you want roaches that slow enemies with acid or roaches that split downed foes into two mini-roaches? Do you want Ultralisks that release poison gas, or Ultralisks that return from the dead? It's freedom within constraints - the constraints, of course, being that Blizzard's exhaustively tested all of your freedoms in advance.
You'll also evolve Kerrigan, a hero unit who dots around the battlefield providing the necessary focus for a race that might otherwise tend towards sheer strength in numbers. Her upgrade tree's filled with colourful treats that will put you in mind of Diablo. It's still a game about base-construction and managing an economy, and missions can definitely still turn on one poor tactical decision, but Kerrigan brings an unpredictable immediacy to the fight that allows strategy DNA to mingle with that of the action RPG in empowering ways.
Evolution missions tend to be shamefully brutal.
With.
That's a striking combination, and it creates the most tidal RTS I've ever played. By the final missions it feels like you're directing an ocean across a series of knotty plains. You'll need to put in careful thought to get to this point, of course, but once you're there, you're given a chance to revel in mindless power for a few minutes: to wield the swarm you've taken pains to amass.
How does that feel? On my final push towards the enemy's base in one mission deep in the third act, I set a waypointer for the climactic slaughter and then parked the camera a little way back, above a bridge that formed a natural bottleneck. For a minute or two, I just sat and watched my forces march past as screams and explosions started to swell in the distance. Balance and challenge lay far behind me by this juncture. This was revenge territory. Revenge on the peerless multiplayer, perhaps, that has to keep the crazier impulses of the developers in check. Revenge on other RTS campaigns that too often give you thrillingly deadly toys, but struggle to provide meaningful opportunities for using the best of them.
Rich Stanton on multiplayer
At the start of most multiplayer games in StarCraft 2: Heart of the Swarm, both players will type "gl hf". Good luck, have fun. It's something you'll see observed from Bronze league to the highest ranks of competitive play, a nod at the start of hostilities and a little reminder of just how seriously people take this special game. Wishing your opponent good luck is simple courtesy; reminding them it's supposed to be about fun? Only in video games and, perhaps even then, only in StarCraft.
StarCraft 2 is a game that lives and breathes the competitive spirit, a constant striving among its many categories of player towards some sort of mastery - whether that's riding high in Grandmaster or trying to get out of Silver league. It can be all-consuming. Heart of the Swarm's multiplayer is not merely the product of its own lengthy beta, which showed Blizzard at its tweaking best, but several years of Wings of Liberty being stress-tested by the finest players on the planet.
The multiplayer now offers several ways for new players to ease in, including practice matches against increasingly competent AI and, beyond this, the opportunity to play other humans in unranked games. But let's not beat around the bush here, StarCraft 2 is about ranked games, and specifically the laddering system that divides players into leagues based on ability.
StarCraft 2's star feature often goes unremarked: its matchmaking. It is simply peerless. The stated aim is that all players should have a win-loss ratio of 1:1, so winning 50 per cent of the time. After my first 50 games of Heart of the Swarm I'd won 25 - and, more than this, it had corrected and re-corrected my league rank several times. A frankly embarrassing set of qualifying matches (thanks Protoss) saw me placed in Bronze initially. A swift change to Terran and within two days I was back in Platinum, before an ill-advised Zerg dalliance saw a demotion to Gold.
The point is that Heart of the Swarm was able to effectively gauge my skill across the league system and make adjustments while serving up opponents at the same level and keeping that win ratio consistent. It has an uncanny knack of bringing you together with players that seem beatable, but just as often turn you over - it's incredibly rare to get a total mismatch. This quality of matchmaking is insurance for your time investment; it's almost a guarantee of a good game.
The replay mode offers a new feature where you can 'take control' during the replay - a great idea, but the fact you can't have the AI take control of the other player means it's mostly useless.
On the battlefield, Heart of the Swarm excels. The new units need to be thought about in terms of their armies, rather than as individual action figures, and each one enriches the interplay between StarCraft's three races in little and big ways.
I'm a Terran man, so let me tell you about the Widow Mine. At the start of the beta this was a suicide unit, but now it burrows and unleashes one powerful splash-dealing shot to any enemy within a small radius, then goes on a long cooldown of 40 seconds. At its most basic, this is excellent static defence. But if you're playing a 'bio' style, which means lots of faster and individually weaker infantry units, one or two widow mines can be a devastating support line for small battalions in the early game; tempt an engagement, then pull back to the mines and boom. When playing 'mech', widow mines are tremendously good for protecting siege tanks and booby-trapping corridors, giving an essentially slow-moving army a way of heading off flank attacks. And that's not to mention their terrifying ability to burrow in enemy worker lines and rack up the kills: the gift that keeps on giving.
The Zerg feel fabulous in Heart of the Swarm, unsurprisingly, with their new units unlocking horribly effective tactics. The Viper, a flying spellcaster, can 'blind' enemy units temporarily to let your forces rush in close, while Swarm Hosts let you siege enemy positions with endlessly spawning, high-damage locusts. The Viper in particular feels like a mainstay, if only so you can 'yoink' Colossi out of Protoss deathballs - but what's just as impressive is the rejuvenation of Hydralisks, the flagship Zerg unit. Something of a bit-player in Wings of Liberty, Hydras now feel seriously beefed up and much more capable of being an army's mainstay.
In some ways, the race that feels most changed is Protoss, because there's much more Stargate-based play coming from their new units - the so-called 'Skytoss' style. The Oracle, an innocuous-looking floating deathball, is perhaps the most lethal solo harassment unit in the game, with an energy-based ability capable of destroying worker lines in seconds. When it gets to the late game, Skytoss gets particularly ominous. The Tempest, their new capital ship, is a giant craft shaped like twin sickles that has a larger range than anything else in the game (farther than it can even see) and specialises in laying siege to exposed positions - as well as absolutely destroying top-tier opposition air units like Battlecruisers and Brood Lords.
Heart of the Swarm doesn't reinvent Wings of Liberty, but builds on and hugely improves it - to the extent that one of the best multiplayer games of its era feels like a dry run
This is what happens when Widow Mines meet low-level units; those red Marines used to be part of a squad, which is now mostly stains on the ground.
Heart of the Swarm gives every race more offensive options than ever, and this focus on aggression leads to much more exciting games - both to play and to watch. Some changes sound like an absolute snorefest, yet have the most profound impact; for example, Medivacs have a new boost ability that speeds them up for a few seconds. This gives the Medivac such dynamic potential for zooming into the enemy base, escaping fast, or hot-dropping, that it almost feels like a new unit. And then you see a pro player like Bomber, during last Saturday's MLG match, locking three of his own seeker missiles on to a Medivac and then boosting it over a massed Zerg army at the moment of impact. Now that's my type of preventative medicine.
Underneath lies the numbers game, the ever-growing efficiency of your base construction and army-building, and that feels much as it ever did. Which is to say that Heart of the Swarm doesn't reinvent Wings of Liberty, but builds on and hugely improves it - to the extent that one of the best multiplayer games of its era now feels like a dry run.
If there's a single competitive bone in your body, you really need to play Heart of the Swarm. If you're only interested in the tactical tasting menu of the campaign - you still need to play it. Good luck, have fun.
9 / 10Public defenders are present at pre-trial hearings for misdemeanor cases and you may apply for their services. It is best to apply at the arraignment hearing. You may request the Application Form when you check-in for Court, complete the form while waiting, and submit it to the Clerk prior to the start of court or the Judge when your case is called. You will be assessed a co-pay of $75.00 if you qualify for the services. Additionally, you may be ordered to reimburse the public defender fund for the cost of an attorney.
If a public defender is appointed to your case at the arraignment, the public defender at your pre-trial may be different. However, if you are appointed a public defender at the pre-trial, this attorney will represent you at the court or jury trial.
Public Defender Application form - English
Public Defender Application form - SpanishNoonan: we will examine tax rates and USC in Budget
Joan Burton says government not in position to reverse social welfare cuts
Minister for Finance Michael Noonan said the Government needed to avoid past mistakes of excessive tax cuts and spending increases. Photograph: Gareth Chaney/Collins
This year’s budget adjustment will be less than the expected €2.1 billion, Minister for Finance Michael Noonan has said.
Mr Noonan’s comments come after exchequer numbers yesterday showed tax revenue running nearly €1 billion ahead of target.
The Minister said this year’s budget deficit target of 4.8 per cent will be exceeded but he added that Ireland still needed to reduce its borrowing.
Have your say
“We’re still borrowing €800 million a month and we have to get our borrowing down and the way you do that is by reducing the deficit,” he told RTÉ.
“Our objective is to get the deficit under 3 per cent and that required an adjustment of €2 billion. We’re still doing the adjustment of €2 billion, except the extra €1 billion yesterday now will be put into the pool to get the deficit down.”
Mr Noonan said the Government was looking at the tax rate and the Universal Social Charge and indicated tax relief could come in at the point where single tax payers start paying the high rate of tax—€32,800.
The Minister said the Government needed to avoid past mistakes of excessive tax cuts and spending increases and warned “if we are going to give additional relief beyond the adjustment that we are making that might require extra taxes”.
Earlier, Tánaiste and Labour Party leader Joan Burton said the Government is not in a position to reverse cuts made to social welfare in previous budgets.
Ms Burton, who is also Minister for Social Protection, said the Coalition was aiming to “cement the recovery” and do what it could to help middle and low income families.
“We are not going to be able to meet everybody’s pent up expectations all in one budget,” she said.
Asked on RTÉ’s Morning Ireland if cuts to social welfare would be reversed, Ms Burton said the basic rates had been maintained and she did not foresee any further reductions at this point in time.
The growing numbers of people going back to work and leaving the live register meant the total cost to the State of the social welfare bill had been reduced, she added.
However, when pressed on whether or not the cuts made in previous budgets would be reversed Ms Burton said: “We are not in a position as yet to do that”.
She said she had agreed with Taoiseach Enda Kenny in July that whatever relief was available would be targeted towards people on low and middle incomes.
They had agreed to be “careful” in their approach to budgetary matters.
Ms Burton said investment in housing would be a key part of the Government’s approach.
There would be a fresh programme to build new houses, along with a determination to see older stock refurbished.
She said the best way to deal with a property bubble was to increase the supply of social and affordable housing.You are viewing *Dis*connected - 7 of 8 Disconnected: Episode 7 (Brenda- Guess what you've won!?!) 160 views More Info » Full Credits Meryl Hathaway Uploader Stats & Data 11 Funny Votes 2 Die Votes 156 Views Published December 19, 2010 Categories: Web Series Sketch Clean Comedy Keywords: Meryl Hathaway comedy Sandy Brenda Disconnected characters midwestern accents smoking cruises Up Next: Disconnected: Episode 8 (Karen- Passed out... from holiday stress worth getting hammered over) AUTOPLAY Up Next In: 10 Disconnected: Episode 1 (Deb- The telemarketer we all love) Disconnected: Episode 6 (Nat- The gym membership)Pics & Words Advertisement Advertisement From Around the Web ZergNetPac-12 women’s soccer scores for Sunday, Oct. 13
Buffs Beat Washington 1-0 In Overtime
SEATTLE – After a slow start at the Husky Soccer Complex, senior Anne Stuller gave the University of Colorado soccer team the upper-hand over Washington, netting the game-winner in the sixth minute of overtime.
Miner Lifts Ducks to 1st Pac-12 Victory
EUGENE, Ore. — Behind freshman ShayLee Miner’s third goal of the season, the University of Oregon women’s soccer team defeated Arizona, 1-0, on Sunday afternoon at Papé Field. Miner found the back of the net in the 60th minute to lead Oregon (3-7-3, 1-3-1) to its first Pac-12 victory of the season.
Beavers Top Sun Devils 1-0
Corvallis, Ore. – The Oregon State women’s soccer team tallied another win, Sunday, topping Arizona State 1-0.
UCLA Women's Soccer Shuts Out California, 1-0
For the second consecutive week, UCLA handed an opponent its first loss of the season, this time saddling No. 8 California with a 1-0 defeat in Berkeley on Sunday morning. Sarah Killion's goal at 26:37 was all the Bruins needed to capture their ninth shutout of the year.
Women Of Troy Silence No. 5 Stanford In Palo Alto.
Taylor Wins Overtime Thriller for Utah Soccer at WSU, 4-3
PULLMAN, Wash. — Katie Taylor capped an amazing contest with her team-leading fifth goal of the season as Utah captured a 4-3 overtime win this afternoon at
- Oregon
- Arizona State
- Oregon State
- California
- UCLA
- Colorado
- Washington
- Stanford
- USC
- Utah
- Washington State
- Women's Soccer
RELATED NEWS & VIDEOS
Periers En Auge
To provide our customers with unbeatable rates at hand-picked hotels, Agoda.com represents a full range of hotels from 5-star resorts to budget-priced properties in Periers En Auge. With over 3 different establishments, there is a great variety to choose from. Many areas, each with a distinctive atmosphere, are just waiting to be discovered across the city. Periers En Auge has many attractions to explore with its fascinating past, intriguing present and exciting future. There are so many things to do, you may want to stay an extra week or so to experience them all. Agoda.com offers professional reviews and ratings of hotels in Periers En Auge so you can enjoy the perfect stay.DeWalt DCA16200 2" Angle Nails For H7173-75
SKU: H7187
MPN: DCA16200
Need it by Tue. May 26th?
Just order by 2:00 PM PST today and choose expedited shipping during checkout.
The DeWalt DCA16200 2-Inch 16 Gauge 20-Degree Angled Finish Nails are manufactured out of cold-worked carbon steel and galvanized in a "hot-dip" process, which ensures that each nail will resist rust and moisture. Ideal for finish work, these 2-inch 16 gauge nails are for use with DeWalt Cordless Angled Nailers and packaged in quantities of 2,500.
:
:
Compare with similar items:
Reviews:
Animation for H7187
×Chill out...Ease down a tense situation with a little climate control.
Hold it...hold it...These amateur artistes keep their friends waiting while they catch them in awkward moments.
What's in a name?...Soon to be parents battle back and forth over naming rights until they come to a comfortable compromise.
Ouch, that smarts...An overzealous salesman shows an old-phonaholic that there's more to life than just ringtones.
Fists of the legends...The old man has a little fight left in him and apparently, so does Tiger.
Music into motion...Denon gets you to feel the music like never before.Welcome
:)
March 14, 2012 | Categories: Welcome | Tags: A Story of Undying Love, author, Book, Books, fantasy, fiction, love story, Nicholas Sparks, novels, romance, sand dollar, Sebastian Cole, tearjerker, undying love | Leave a commentA client recently forwarded me the document below that they received in the mail regarding their trademark. While the service may not be a complete scam – presuming they do file maintenance documents necessary to ensure that a trademark registration is not cancelled – it contains a variety of mis-information and comes from the deceptive name of “Patent & Trademark Agency LLC” that sounds somewhat like a government entity (and they use a .org domain name).
Here are some of the problems with this offering:
Are they providing legal services? Or merely filling in forms? Can they help determine what constitutes continued use of the trademark in commerce – or excusable non-use? Can they help determine what can and should be done if the mark has changed slightly over the years?
If they are no providing legal services, why do they charge so much money (even when you subtract the government fees)?
The expiration date is WRONG. The “Declaration of Continued” use must be filed by the sixth anniversary of the registration, not the fifth. And there is an additional 6 month grace period before it will be canceled.
The information that the trademark “may subsequently be renewed for five years at a time” is also incorrect.
I have forwarded a copy of this document to the USPTO Solicitor’s office. If you or your client received one, I encourage you to do the same.
Patent & Trademark Agency LLC notice [redacted]
I received one of these letters from Patent & Trademark Agency. You are correct, The fees are nearly triple the actual the cost . Plus, we have never done business with them.
Thank you for posting this Blog.
Ditto. Unfortunately “Patent & Trademark Agency LLC” is one of the hoard of scam artists that have sprung up in recent years, impersonating gov’t offices and offering to renew your patents or trademarks for grossly inflated fees. This one charges a 250% MARKUP for the first class in the renewal. DON’T RESPOND to these scams. Go directly to the US Patent Office site: uspto.gov
Me too. Being a small business owner, there are so many scams to watch out for. It always pays to look at any bill that you don’t pay on a regular basis as a scam first. Check them out online like I did and you’ll find that for every scam out there, there are great people like those who created this blog to blow the whistle on them. Thanks for posting the blog. The call centers that claim to be ATT are real gems too.
[…] Leason Ellis LLP has filed suit (pdf) against Patent & Trademark Agency, LLC, a company that is listed on the U.S. Patent & Trademark office as one of the groups sending misleading notices. You can see Patent & Trademark Agency LLC’s notice on this site. […]
[…] the USPTO’s warning regarding such scams as well as my blog post about the same company: Beware of new trademark scam from Patent & Trademark Agency LLC. See paragraph 50 on page 9 of the complaint […]
Good thing the accounting dept who receives the mail gave this to me (Marketing), rather than thinking to have to pay this.
And good thing I have had the experience of doing Trade Marks becuase this looks very official. This is very sneaky.
The tip off to me was the fact that they did not list the fees upfront and it said they would send an invoice after we sent in the signed document. THe government with any division, cleary and upfront directs you on the fees involved and payment is always due upfront. (Think passport renewals).
Plus the logo they included looks very poor, as if it was scanned 5th generation from a patent book, that it does not even look like the real logo mark.
my business partner received the letter from “Patent and Trademark Agency LLC” and she thought it was legit so she signed it and mailed it back to them. We received an invoice about a month later. My question is if we are legally binded to pay the amount or pay them at all, since everywhere says they are a scam and the information they list is incorrect (expiration times and saying renewal time is 5 years), any help is appreciated, thank you
Thanks for your comment Jarrod. Sorry to hear about your experience. I cannot comment on your specific issue for a variety of reasons. It recommend you contact an attorney that handles such claims, and to contact the FTC and your state attorney general’s office regarding your situation.
My company just received the exact same invoice from Patent & Trademark Agency. I have never paid this company in the past so thought I better google it to find out more. I’m not responding or paying it either. This has scam written all over it. The last couple years I’ve received a few different scam invoices from different parts of the world all claiming to be for patents ect.Declining feedstock trends lead to softer demand during seasonal down time
US polyethylene terephthalate (PET) prices are projected to trend flat to slightly down next month amid the end of the year slowdown and upcoming holiday season, market sources said on 26 November.
One market participant expects to see only a very small drop in December PET prices on the back of raw material prices that are trending flat to down by as little as 0.3 cent/lb ($7/tonne, €5/tonne).
Sources also expect the upstream paraxylene (PX) contract price to trend flat to down in December.
Prices for November PET were largely settled in the latter half of the month at an average 2 cent/lb ($44/tonne) decline from October. The November price range was assessed at 84.50-90.00 cents/lb stretch blow moulding (SBM) delivered (DEL).
Some market participants said they settled their November prices at a bit more than a 2 cents/lb decrease. Another player said it is targeting a 1.0-1.5 cent/lb reduction in its November PET pricing, but had not yet finalised its prices.
The downtrend was driven by declines in the upstream PX and feedstock purified terephthalic acid (PTA) contract prices in November, which dropped 5% and 4%, respectively, from October.
PET demand remains soft as the market is in its seasonal downtime. Some buyers have said they are either keeping inventory as short as possible throughout November and December or are only buying on an as-needed basis.
PET is used in plastic bottle production and in textiles.
PET producers in the US include DAK Americas, Indorama, Mossi & Ghisolfi (M&G) and Nan Ya Plastics.Chelsea 1-0 Man Utd – Wayne Rooney ‘Chelsea Know How To Get Referee On Their Side’
Online video Score: three / five
Straight from the K Stand
Online video Score: three / five
Lou ‘Louis Van Gaal has credited his players for the revival in formrgb’
Video Ranking: four / five
Online video Score: four / 5 ‘Manchester United bad Performance due to David de Geargb’
Video Ranking: four / five
Lou.
Movie Ranking: four / 5
A.
Video Score: 3 / fiveCorporate Attorney in New York City, NY
USA-New York City
Attorney-Fixed Income -OTC Clearing/CDS The candidate will be responsible for the analysis of complex legal issues and ...
Devote Sundays to answering ads and planning your strategy for the next week. Don't spend precious weekday hours behind a computer. You need to be out there sourcing leads, networking, interviewing.Presentation from WSTS '12
March 20, 2012
A government official delivered the following presentation about GPS interference detection and mitigation during the 2012 Telcordia-NIST-ATIS Workshop on Synchronization in Telecommunication Systems (WSTS '12), held March 20-22, 2012, in Broomfield, Colorado.
Visit the conference website...
Some links on this page lead to content in the Portable Document Format (PDF) and may require you to install PDF software. Get softwareBigT
01-08-2012, 09:27 AM
Hola Haunters. We are adding a POS this year, but I don't have WiFi or wireless service at the haunt. I would like to do online ticketing, and then scan their tickets onsite (and of course sell tickets onsite). All needs to tie together. We are a small haunt so I am not ready to invest $$$ into a system but I need to move away from paper tickets and add online ticket sales. Credit card transactions would be another plus if I could get it to work without wireless connections (risky without authorizations I know, but looking to you guys for your experiences with this stuff).
Big T
Big TCastelfranco Veneto, TVItaly
March 5, 2008
Hi, I usually train my English surfing the web and listening to Tv/radio. It's a nice idea to meet with somebody who will answer :-)
Because you learn a lot having a lot of fun!
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyCheck out some available loans that are similar to this one!
Santos MatiasNicaraguaHousing
Maynor JoseNicaraguaHousing
Esequiel Efrain
Esequiel has requested the support of a loan for the first time in order to be able to have a greater variety of drinks for his business. He wishes to purchase products such as soda, juice, candy, iced tea, energy drinks and purified water. His clients like the products that he sells to them, and his plans for the future include starting his own eatery.
View original language description ↓
Translated from Spanish
by Kiva Volunteer Juan Felipe Diaz Gutierrez
El joven Ezequiel de 32 años de edad, se gana la vida vendiendo con una carreta de manera ambulante bajo el sol y la lluvia en un mercado de Managua hace 12 años, con este negocio ha comprado su humilde casa y le ha venido haciendo mejoras con el pasar del tiempo, ha podido sacar adelante a su esposa quien también vende verduras en el mismo lugar. Ezequiel está optando por primera vez a solicitar apoyo crediticio para tener más variedad de bebidas para su negocio comprando productos como gaseosas, jugos golosinas, te helados, bebidas energéticas y agua purificada, Sus clientes les gusta mucho de los productos que él les vende, sus planes a futuro es tener su propio tramo para poner una comideria.
- 23.8Nicaragua Cordobas (NIO) = $1 USD
Expired
A loan of $425 helped Esequiel Efrain to buy soda, juice, candy, iced tea, energy drinks and purified water.
- Repayment Term
- 13 months (Additional Information)
- Repayment Schedule
- Monthly
- Pre-Disbursed:
- Sep 11, 2012
- Listed
- Nov 1, 2012
- Currency Exchange Loss:
- Possible
- Expired:
- Nov 30, 2012Sign in now to view, license and download this image or contact us to see this image without a watermark. Want to embed this image on a non-commercial website or blog? Learn more.
Similar imagesView all
Keywords
Basket Of Yellow Pattypan Squash Stock Photo
Basket,Color Image,Crookneck Squash,Day,Farmer's Market,Food,Food and Drink,Freshness,Horizontal,Market,No People,Outdoors,Pattypan Squash,Photography,Roadside,Squash - Vegetable,Summer Squash,Vegetable,Wire BasketPhotographer Dennis GottliebCollection: Photolibrary © Dennis Gottlieb/FoodPix
Key things you need to know aboutDr. Bayer:
Dr. Bayer's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Dr. Bayer's Specialties
- Pediatrics
- View 1 specialty
More About Dr. Bayer's Background
MoreGet the facts on Dr. Bayer.5 out of 5 5 1 13
See More Survey Results
MoreDr.
- Wildwood
- 16555 Manchester Rd: it will take 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor's profile.
Thank You
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Dr. Bayer. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile.Fox has a fiendish plan to keep Kay. Rebecca tries to resist temptation. JT decides on who will win his secrets. It may be too late for Fancy.
Kay is embracing Miguel, telling him that she's always loved him and can't wait to marry him. Miguel wonders about Fox. She is reluctant to tell him; he's been so good to her. Fox is still watching from the window, vowing to himself that he'd rather die than lose her to Miguel. In a flash, he has a plan. 'Is my idea brilliant or totally whacked?' he wonders as he begins to remember Julian's advice. Miguel is promising Kay that everything will be perfect from now on. Kay is sure that she's making the right decision. Fox gave her what she needed when he wasn't around, but now he's back. 'He is going to die,' Kay worries. Fox turns away from the window. 'You feel guilty now Kay, but just wait.'
Fox eagerly waits in his room, hoping that his plan will work. Kay and Miguel come to the door, which Fox has left open, while he 'talks' on the phone to a doctor. 'Am I going to live or die?' he asks while Kay is stunned and Miguel's jaw drops. Fox starts to laugh while Miguel and Kay start to worry, but it turns out that the test results are worse than the doctor thought. 'I can't die. I'm about to marry Kay,' Fox says. He doesn't want to tell her now; it would ruin their wedding. He can't believe that he'll have to leave so soon after things are official. 'I love Kay too much to burden her with my problems now.' Kay can't believe how wonderful Fox is for not wanting to burden her. Miguel is not amused when Kay says that this will change everything. She can't call off the wedding now. Miguel's suspicion grows as Kay says that she can't believe how selfless Fox is being. He hangs up, listening to Kay crying in the hallway. Miguel still thinks that she should leave Fox; no matter what. Fox walks into the hallway, claiming that he just woke up. Miguel announces that there's something they need to tell them. Kay's face is a mix of heartbreak and worry.
Rebecca sneaks by a sleeping Ethan. She peaks under his blanket to see what she's been missing before crawling up beside him and pretending to be Gwen. He rolls over onto her. Her fingertips brush his biceps as she tries to tell herself that she's only doing this to protect Gwen while she gets rid of JT. Rebecca tries to keep Ethan asleep, but worries that, if Gwen doesn't get back soon, she won't be able to control herself. She jumps into the bathroom and tries to explain the situation to herself, weighing her options with an unconscious Ethan. 'Could I? Absolutely. Should I? Probably not. Will I? Who are kidding?' She searches through her bag of toys and pulls out a blond wig: A mother's work is never done. She stands in the doorway and recalls her past escapades before climbing back into his arms. He comes to, appalled to find her with her hands on his 'muscle.' But this has only been a fantasy. Rebecca realizes that this is not a good idea and puts the wig away. She decides to get herself a drink to cool down. Ethan starts to wake up and call out to Gwen.
Theresa and Gwen almost literally run into each other in the hallway. They downplay their large bags of cash and try to pretend that they aren't there to see JT. This doesn't last and they finally rush to his door. JT opens up and proclaims that 'whoever gives me the most money, get's their honey: Ethan Winthrop.' They hit at him with their bags and tell him he'll need the money for reconstructive surgery if he keeps trying to play them against each other. He threatens to tell Ethan enough lies to make him hate both of them. They back off and he sits down to daintily count the money. Whoever brought the most wins. He peevishly watches them stack the cash on his desk. JT wonders what it is about Ethan that could have has them fight over him all these years. They try to explain, but he doesn't really care and goes back to counting. Gwen tells Theresa that, with all the money from Rebecca's divorce settlement, there's no way she can win. After completing his lengthy tally, counting and recounting, he announces 'Gwen'-- who suddenly starts cheering and taunting Theresa, believing she's won, until JT tells her that she lost, but she was 'really close.' She was short by just a hundred dollars. Gwen furiously searches through the bag, wondering where the cash is while Rebecca fondles it, wondering if it could have cost Gwen Ethan. Gwen tries to pay JT with all the change in her pockets, but he won't budge. 'Ethan will be mine,' Theresa gleefully declaims. Now she's going to get Ethan and expose all of Gwen's secrets. Gwen is filled with dread now that she's about to lose Ethan and Jane.
Luis, Paloma, Sheridan and Chris are searching for Fancy in the caves. Luis continues to prod Chris about why he's there and what he really has to do with Fancy. Deep in the hole, Fancy tries to cry out while the ropes continue to give way. Luis keeps harassing Chris, who claims that he only came there because this place sounded like the place Fancy had described to Luis. This seems highly suspicious to Luis and Paloma. Fancy suddenly comes to and begins screaming. Sheridan continues to insist that Chris couldn't have had anything to do with Fancy's disappearance because he was with her. Fancy continues to shout until Luis starts to follow her voice. They find the hole and look down as she calls up. 'This is not going to be easy,' Luis admits as Fancy sways below. She begins slipping while Luis continues to wonder what Chris is doing there with a rope since he isn't exactly 'the boy scout type.' He tries to lower a rope but some of the boards give way. They narrowly miss her and she gets a hold of the rope, tying it around her waist. He tries to pull her up, but the knot comes undone. She starts again while the cords continue to tear and Luis yells down at her. They give way and she falls.
Next on Passions: Will Fancy survive the fall? Theresa takes JT to see Ethan. Gwen wonders what Rebecca has been doing with her husband.Tag: coral gables real estate
Coral Gables, Florida Homes for Sale Under $1M... Continue Reading
I Want This House! Coral Gables Mediterranean for $1.9M
The swanky and historic Coral Gables, Fla. neighborhood has kept the classic Mediterranean Revival architecture alive by maintaining homes and landscaping in pristine condition, staying true to the very style that made these grand homes some of the most sought after in Miami-Dade County. Serving as an example of... Continue Reading
SOCIAL REPORT
76%
smyk.com is very popular in Facebook and Google Plus.
It is liked by 162 people on Facebook, it has 49 twitter shares and it has 73 google+ shares.
This CoolSocial report was updated on 24 Dec 2012, you can refresh this analysis whenever you want.
Smyk.com scored 76 Social Media Impact. Social Media Impact score is a measure of how much a site is popular on social networks. 4/5.0 Stars by Social Team
Social Media
This is the sum of two values: the total number of people who shared the smyk homepage on Twitter + the total number of smyk followers (if smyk has a Twitter account). This is the sum of two values: the total number of people who shared, liked or recommended the smyk homepage on Facebook + the total number of page likes (if smyk has a Facebook fan page). The total number of people who shared the smyk homepage on Google Plus by a google +1 button. The total number of people who shared the smyk homepage on StumbleUpon. The total number of people who shared the smyk smyk.com as detected by CoolSocial algorithms. Character set and language of the site. Type of server and offered services.
smyk smyk.com
The IP of a server identifies it. It can be unique or shared between multiple sites. The date smyk.com was registered for the first time. Server location specifies where it is physically. The next date smykyk.com is registered.Discussions
Reader comments
On What do you think of the adidas camo alternate uniforms?
mom_of_three 2 years, 2 months ago
Can there be a "DONT LIKE THEM WITH A PASSION!"
Michael Auchard 2 years, 2 months ago
I came here just to say this.
Shaun Battles 2 years, 2 months ago
I'd paint or mow the grass in these.
Leslie Swearingen 2 years, 2 months ago
It's a good looking uniform. I like the patterned shorts, looks better than a solid color. Nothing wrong with a change. As a matter of fact I like all the camo uniforms.
Mike Edson 2 years, 2 months ago
Wow. Those are ugly.
UneasyRider 2 years, 2 months ago
Hard to believe Adidas actually pays someone to design these. Understand KU is paid to wear this crap, hope next time, contract is negotiated better. Like, let those who have to wear them make final decision.
Martha Oldham 2 years, 2 months ago
I think Adidas needs a new designer. They are ugly uniforms!!!!!!!!!!
Liberty275 2 years, 2 months ago
Pretty tasteless.
demsducks 2 years, 2 months ago
Hideous!!!
Clint Poteete 2 years, 2 months ago
Please phone the KU Basketball Offices at 785-864-3056 to register your disgust. Call often.
blacksmith1976 2 years, 2 months ago
Adidas, you let the whole team down!
derkle 2 years, 2 months ago
Sooo, when is the Adidas contract up at KU? This should be enough to push them out and get Nike in. What do you think high level recruits think about these clown costumes? This has to stop.
riverdrifter 2 years, 2, 2 months ago
Why waste the money? Time to start donating big bucks to academic scholarships I'd say.
What's the problem with traditional Jayhawk uniforms?
Have people in the KU athletic departments lost their minds?
Do people in the KU athletic department have too much time on their hands?
Commenting has been disabled for this item.- Draft legislation
This is a draft item of legislation. This draft has since been made as a Northern Ireland Statutory Rule: Fair Employment (Monitoring) (Amendment) Regulations (Northern Ireland) 2002 No. 244
Sealed with the Official Seal of the Office of the First Minister and deputy First Minister on 2002.
L.S.
First Minister
L.S.
Deputy First.Among the Ancient Energies of the Blue Ridge Mountains God has now gifted us with a new paradigm to support our vibrational systems.
Ethereal Essences, LLC is introducing cards that contain the transference of energies which maintain memory and intelligence through applied telepathic and vibrational homeopathy, channeled by Archangel Gabriel and Sunat Kumara.
Each card contains multisource source energy bringing clarity to your mind, body, and soul thus creating a universal sense of love, peace, and joy within. These products are a sacred co-creation of creator Gods, angelic presence, human intention, nature’s plant essences and crystal energies.Stats & Rankings for
@henrygoldman
creative hustler, lost in space
@henrygoldman
joined Twitter on 2009-03-21 03:24:33
Ranked 2,654,414th in the world by followers
Ranked 371st by followers in 'sf'
See even more detailed Twitter stats at Twitter Counter.
Want to be featured here and get more followers too? Find out how on Twitter CounterIn honor of Floyd and Barbara Sigler's 60th wedding anniversary, the couple's son and daughter-in-law, Ken and Tammy Sigler, dedicated a glider bench and flower planter at Dr. Ann Showers Animal House Vet Clinic on East Main Street.
"We wanted to do something in honor of their anniversary and to help out the clinic," said Tammy Sigler. "So we decided to give the vet somewhere for clients to enjoy while their furry ones get care. We named the garden area after Floyd and Barbara's dog Shadow who passed away last year."<<
I have tried so many ways to show my interest in the woman i have read and commented on her profile and even still receive no replies.. I’ll have to try this tactic and see if it works..
Fricking genious. I tried it tonight on OKCupid and will follow-up to let you know how it turns out.
Fricking genious!!!!!
I like this article because if you don’t get a reply how can you get a date. Unfortunately many of us just look at the photos and reply based on what we see there. For those looking to dig a little deeper Samantha offers good advice.
Thank you for any other fantastic article. Where else may just anybody get that type of info in such an ideal method of writing? I’ve a presentation subsequent week, and I’m on the search for such info.
Yes, Marlene, guys do want attractive ladies a lot younger than them. In my case, I am mid forties and I have found that most of the attractive ladies have been divorced with kids. As I have always been single, I want a younger attractive lady who has not been married and who does not have children!.
At Rapid Creek Markets, the growers have been arriving in their vans and station wagons since around 2am. They've unpacked their wares: golden turmeric, pink-tipped galangal, and Asian greens and chillies of every description.
By the time the dawn becomes a bright, hot morning, the markets are pulsing with colour, noise and action. The stallholders and the early-bird shoppers swap chirpy greetings: sawadee ka, selamat pagi. You would swear you were somewhere in south-east Asia, if it weren't for the presence of Greek matriarchs laden with kilos of fat eggplants to stuff or layer into moussaka.
Nearby, African women inspect the okra and the chillies, cheek by jowl with fifth-generation ABCs (Australian-born Chinese), Filipinas, Indonesians, Thais, East Timorese, Vietnamese, Sri Lankans and Papua New Guineans, all provisioning for the week's meals, getting a quick massage or tucking into breakfasts of noodle soup, fresh fruit smoothies or made-to-order paw paw salad.
The scene is typical of Darwin, a city that's closer to Asia than it is to the rest of Australia, both geographically and in spirit - and likes it that way. The northern capital is home to people representing over 100 cultures (including indigenous Australians), each somehow managing to retain its essence. It's more a melange than a melting pot.
Darwin's many markets, up to seven a week in the busy dry season from April to October, are a visible expression of the city's diversity. You could actually experience them all with a four-day market crawl starting at Mindil Beach Sunset Markets on a Thursday night, followed by Palmerston Markets the next night. Saturday morning you'd drive south for about half an hour to visit the rural Coolalinga Markets before heading back to the city for the Parap Village Markets. Sunday's a big day. Set the alarm clock early to see the best of the Rapid Creek Markets, head over to Nightcliff Markets late morning and then have a bit of a rest before the Sunday afternoon markets back at Mindil Beach.
Each market has its own distinct personality. Rapid Creek, Darwin's oldest markets, are the place to go year-round for produce and plants on Sunday mornings. The surrounds, a suburban shopping centre and bituminised car park, are less than glamorous, but regulars know these markets have the zingiest mint, the zippiest betel leaves and the springiest fresh rice noodles. The advice on how to cook with them comes free of charge - don't dawdle, though, because the best stuff sells fast.
No one knows this better than the well-travelled Sri Lankan-born Jimmy Shu, owner of the Hanuman restaurants in Darwin, Alice Springs and now Cairns, who comes to Rapid Creek whenever he's back in his hometown. He's there before sunrise to start stocking up on kangkung, or water spinach, lemongrass, basil, kaffir lime and pandan leaves.
"When I'm in town you'll see me at the markets at 5.30am," he says. "Darwin has the perfect climate for this tropical produce - it's all on our doorstep. It's very fresh. What I like about the markets is that you can touch all the produce. You tap the basil and then smell your fingers and you can tell how fresh it is."
One suburb along, at Nightcliff Markets, the vibe is a bit more
let's-hang-around-a-while. Good food and coffee, live music and
large shade trees create a backdrop that suits the contemplation of
purchases at Darwin's newest all-year markets, established in
1996.
At Nightcliff, you can breakfast on fresh Vietnamese rice paper rolls, a Cambodian larb salad, or a Malaysian roti wrap of flaky flatbread encasing tender spiced beef, peanut sauce and crisp shredded cucumber and carrot. Then have your tarot cards read or pick up a quirky local gift to take home: maybe a packet of dried mango from Ed's Dried Fruits, a cotton skirt hand-printed with dragonflies, pretty earrings made from folded wrapping paper, or the not-so-pretty Emo Barbie, a snip at $25. The markets also have some produce, including fresh fruit and, out-of-season, handy packs of frozen mango cheeks.
Nightcliff's coordinator is Ross Dudgeon, who has also been in charge of Mindil Beach Sunset Markets and Parap Village Markets. "One of the things I love about the markets is that they bring people together," he says, "and you know that the food is freshly cooked. The stalls are like an open kitchen."
Over in slightly flasher Parap, where food and craft markets are held year-round on Saturday mornings, the unofficial uniform for women is pearls and Havaianas, while for men it's boardies and smart-arse T-shirts. For some locals it's akin to a religious rite: come to Parap for breakfast or brunch, choose the ingredients for Saturday night's dinner party - a platter of Thai sweets makes the quickest dessert ever - and buy an armful of heliconias and ornamental gingers from Henning Hintze's long-standing flower stall to tizz up the dining room.
Parap Village Markets are something of a social hub, with plenty of hand-shaking, back-slapping and cheek-kissing.
Right in the thick of it is the perennially smiling Bobby Wibisono, also known as 'Bobby Saté'. His Saté Lontong Jakarta stall, now being run by his niece Patimah Core, has been serving incomparable lamb and beef satay, compressed rice known as lontong, and gado gado for well over 20 years. The quality of his satay, cooked over imported charcoal on a stainless steel stove he designed himself, keeps his regulars coming back - including customers from Sydney and Melbourne who order 50 or 60 satay sticks at a time to take home after a Darwin sojourn.
For the record, Bobby's favourite market food is a chocolate and fresh strawberry crêpe from Ken's Crêpes - and Ken comes to Bobby regularly to fuel up with lamb satay and gado gado.
Another stall that inspires fierce loyalty is Yati's Laksa, formerly Jackie's Laksa. Yati's recipe, passed on to her by the original stallholder, Jackie, is an authentic Malaysian one: it's thick with coconut milk and spices, poured over two kinds of noodles and topped with fried tofu, chilli sambal, fresh sliced chilli and coriander.
For many travellers the first taste, literally, of Darwin comes with a visit to Mindil Beach Sunset Markets, which run from April to October. Locals are fond of pooh-poohing Mindil as being 'touristy', and it is true that the markets feature heavily in campaigns promoting Darwin as a holiday destination. It's also true that there's a veritable stampede to the beach just before sunset every Thursday as visitors scramble to photograph the setting sun (a tip: it sets in the same place Friday to Wednesday as well).
But Mindil is great fun all the same. Unless you're vegetarian, you've got to love the Roadkill Café, whose motto is 'you kill it, we grill it'. Try the crocodile (yes, it does taste a bit like chicken) or the camel (nothing like chicken, but quite a lot like beef). The other food stalls will take your tastebuds around the world: Indonesia, Japan, Greece, Italy, Laos and Vietnam all feature. Even better, you can BYO table, chairs and drinks. The scores of craft stalls - clothing, jewellery, leather goods and so on - are a good way to work up a bigger appetite. A smaller, less frenetic Mindil Markets operates every Sunday afternoon in the dry season. The Top End's dry season also brings with it the Palmerston Markets, held on Friday nights in Goyder Square. Now in their 23rd year, the markets have a family feel, with food and produce stalls, entertainment and children's rides.
Down 'the track', as Territorians call the Stuart Highway, the Coolalinga Markets have been offering a less citified market experience Saturdays for the past 20 years. Live chickens, anyone? Coolalinga has around 30 fresh produce and food stalls, including Aussie Grub, which sells 'cow dung' cookies (fat sultana-studded rock cakes) and sausage rolls it confidently bills as the world's best.
The grande dames of Darwin's market scene are Yib Kohler, 71,
and 'Lucky' George, 69, who have side-by-side stalls at Rapid Creek
Markets, just as they did over 30 years ago when the market began
with a handful of growers selling produce from the back of their
utes.
Yib rises at 3am to set up her stall, piled with vegetables including pumpkin vine tips, kangkung and other greens - "things I eat myself" - and she's more than happy to advise on how to use the produce she sells. "I'd like to write a book to show people how to cook it," she says and smiles. By comparison, 'Lucky' drags the chain, arriving just after 5am to set out great bundles of plump chillies and Asian greens, or whatever produce her friends have grown and want her to sell for them.
By the time you've done the rounds of Darwin's markets, you'll more than likely have a case of what Kylie Kwong calls 'itchy fingers' - the overwhelming desire, when inspired by fresh produce, to start cooking right now. Best book a self-catering apartment....“.
14 thoughts on “Gajar Ka Halwa”
Lovely gajar halwa…would love to have this delicious sweet dish anytime…
he he he !!! Loved the filmy dialogue
This was the only sweet dish I knew to prepare till I met food blogging world,
i also prepared this as u said this is the most common sweet prepared in indian homes…..my husband loves it!!!!
AAhaa !!!
Gajar ka halwa !!
this is the answer to the dialogue …
great picture !!
Hey Everyone,
Sushma, Kanchan, Shubha and Sangeeta – Thank you for your great replies
Halwa looks divine!
Wow, this looks so good. I love gajar halwa especially with vanilla icecream!
lol..must practice this dialogue..looks awesome, you got the right color
Halwa looks fabulous, wish I could have some right about now
Hi deepa,wish you and your family a very happy & a prosperous new year filled with lots of love ,peace & happiness always
I luv it..
First time here..u hv a lovely space dear….
My favorite halwa, looks so delicious. Happy New Year to you and your family.
Hello,
Parita, Radhika, Namitha, Usha, Sushma, Prathibha and Sadhana thanks so much for your comments.
yummy,,,,:-)Amanda Peyton
Cofounder, Grand St.
For filling in gaps in the crowdfunding economy.
What she does:
At Grand St., an online marketplace for innovative electronics, Peyton helps entrepreneurs reach a large but targeted audience of early adopters.
Why it's innovative:
Grand St. provides companies with software solutions to help them market new products, process sales, and track analytics.
Case in point:
Peyton discovered the SideKIC, an immersion circulation cooker. Usually, these cost thousands, but the inventor had created one for $200. He was selling two or three a week out of his studio. When his product debuted on Grand St., he began to sell hundreds.
Overall goal:
"We create a bridge to consumers for new tech," says Peyton. "We also provide a beta-testing platform. If you need feedback on a cool electronic that's already in production, our knowledgeable community means you don't have to rely on your mom for advice."
[Illustration by Miles Donovan]
Add New CommentBook Discussion on Medellin v. Texas
Mr. Swaine spoke about U.S. Supreme Court case, Medellin v. Texas, which would consider whether President Bush had the authority to… read more
Mr. Swaine spoke about U.S. Supreme Court case, Medellin v. Texas, which would consider whether President Bush had the authority to instruct states like Texas to comply the judgment of the International Court of Justice on the legal rights of foreign nationals who are charged and prosecuted of crimes committed within the U.S. In this case, 51 Mexicans on U.S. death row were claiming their rights had been violated under international law. He also responded to telephone calls and electronic mail. close
*The transcript for this program was compiled from uncorrected Closed Captioning.
People in this video
- Edward Swaine Professor George Washington University->Law School
- Pedro Echevarria Host C-SPAN
Hosting Organization
Series
More Videos From
Open Phones
- Book Discussion on Medellin v. Texas
- Open Phones
- Capitol Hill Stories
- Private Contractors in Iraq
- Foreign Intelligence Security Act
- Foreign Intelligence Security Act
Related Video
2007 Supreme Court Term
David Savage talked about the U.S. Supreme Court term beginning that day. He reviewed the major cases of the…
Supreme Court Cases
The guests debated today’s U.S. Supreme Court case in Boumediene v. Bush and al-Odah v. U.S., on whether…
Crack Cocaine Sentencing Guidelines
Mark Allenbaugh talked about the decision in the Supreme Court case Gall v. United States where the Court held in a 7-2…
Destruction of Interrogation Tapes
Tim Starks talked about congressional investigations into the destruction of CIA interrogation tapes.Jonathan Bright, Simon Kasif, Lewis Stiller
In this paper we present an approach for performing very large state-space search on parallel machines. While the majority of searching methods in Artificial Intelligence rely on heuristics, the parallel algorithm we propose exploits the algebraic structure of problems to reduce both the time and space complexity required to solve these problems on massively parallel machines. Our algorithm runs in O(N^1/4/p) time using O(N^1/4) space with P processors where N is the size of the state space and P is the number of processors. The technique we present is applicable to several classes of exhaustive searches. Applications include the knapsack problem and the shortest word problem in permutation groups which is a natural generalization of several common planning benchmarks such as Rubik’s Cube and the n-puzzle.
This page is copyrighted by AAAI. All rights reserved. Your use of this site constitutes acceptance of all of AAAI's terms and conditions and privacy policy.Smart Growth Partnership Lunch and Learn
- Other
- 100 SE Third Avenue, One Financial Plaza, 28th FLoor, Fort Lauderdale, FL, 33394
Keynote Speakers
Stephen Leeper
Jeff Perlman
Smart Growth Partnership
In order to purchase these tickets in installments, you'll need an Eventbrite account. Log in or sign up for a free account to continue.
Share Smart Redevelopment, Smart Partnerships, Smart GrowthShare Tweet- » Eric Church
- Back to Search Results
Eric Church
See below for Eric Church concert tickets. Check 2015 tour dates, gigs and concerts information. Buy Eric Church tickets in confidence from Live Nation.
Back to Search Results
We have no Eric Church events at this time
Add this Artist to your Favourites to get the latest News and UpdatesFebruary 4th, 2013 at 11:15 am
Book,!
February 6th, 2013 at 4:50 am
I would love to get a copy of the biography of Erich Fromm, an important psychotherapist in our time. One of my favourites.
February 6th, 2013 at 10:21 am
Thanks! Make sure you email in to the address above in order to have a chance to win the giveaway!- Critic Score
- Most active
- Publication
- Most clicked
- It is creative, beautiful, and most importantly, it is a great deal of fun from the very beginning to the very end.
- The levels are masterfully designed, the learning curve is smooth and gradual, and the variety in gameplay makes this game appropriate for both novice and expert gamers alike.
- The game is a near perfect expression of the 3D platform genre and its addictive gameplay will have you returning to it again and again.
- Although it doesn't make full use of Sony's new 800-pound gorilla, it does have spectacular and colorful graphics, ingenious level design, a wonderful cast of characters and an enormous game world to explore.
- Jaw-dropping graphics, sound and gameplay herein combine and form a lone fabulous, must-have package.
-
- Despite a few blemishes, it's hard to call this game anything but beautiful.
-
-
- In spite of its upgrades, Revolution suffers in some areas compared to other versions of Rayman 2, particularly the Dreamcast game.
-
- Rayman is more like "MYST" -- a beautiful journey where nothing much is required of you, and nothing much really happens. And with the sun shining, the waterfalls sparkling, the magic mushrooms making pyramids, and a tummy full of Lums, that's just a pretty peachy place to be.
-
- It's one of the greatest achievements in the history of 3D platform games and should be given the same admiration given to titles like Miyamoto's "Mario 64."
- The stunning look of the game is just about the most beautiful thing we have ever seen.
- If you own the Dreamcast version, then there's far too much overlap to warrant owning this as well.
User Score
Generally favorable reviews- based on 31 Ratings
User score distribution:
- Positive: 11 out of 12
- Mixed: 1 out of 12
- Negative: 0 out of 12
- RaymanOct 18, 2004It's very very very ...... fantastic . Is a great adventure and great graphics to do this game greatest .
- AdamB.Apr 6, 2004I LOVE THIS GAME!!!
- B.S.Oct 10, 2002Realy addictive and you just can't stop (not talking about the first word I put up there you prev's) The games music rocks lots of Realy addictive and you just can't stop (not talking about the first word I put up there you prev's) The games music rocks lots of lauguages to choose from (encluding Ramanish) and lots of entertainment. the problem it's the same one out for ps1 and 64 four only with an upgrade hear and there... … Full Review »Limited editions have turned the lowly t-shirt into a status symbol. Often intentionally crude or unpolished, they provide consumers an affordable way to express their individuality. And, while it may seem the limited edition concept would have a limited shelf life, its success shows no sign of fading. A few ways limited edition tees are staying au courant:
Locking In Subscribers
Buddies Paul Marlow and Matthew Sandager made a few cool tees in their Brooklyn basement. Their eureka moment? One day a friend prepaid them for their next 5 designs. Now a $145 subscription to kadorable.com gets members one hip tee a month for 5 months. They've been going strong since 2003 and are now up to "issue" #42 and the subscription idea has been widely copied (see Punk Planet merchandise).
Big Business + Maverick Artists
Limited Edition tees and big business may not be incompatible after all. Sports giant Fila has tapped the emerging artists of the New York Collective for the Arts to create a limited edition t-shirt series. The theme? Artists like sports, too. The shirts will be available at US Fila retail stores on a bi-weekly basis starting in April 2006.
Tapping an Unlimited Design Source
The basis of any successful tee is a cool design. And threadless.com has come up with an inexhaustible resource: consumers themselves. The site is basically an ongoing shirt design competition. Anyone can enter, and submissions are scored by site visitors. High-scoring designs are then printed in small batches which (unsurprisingly) almost always sell out. Threadless also fudges the notion of true 'limited' editions, since they'll reprint a design if there's consumer demand.
For the last word, let's turn to The TeeJunkie. Always in search of his next t-shirt fix, his eponymous website (teejunkie.com) reviews and rates the latest offerings from an estimated 1,500 web retailers of limited edition t-shirts. Having noticed the increasing commoditization of his passion, he's changed his site's tagline to: "this is where you are gonna find the next t-shirt Urban Outfitters is gonna rip off."Appointed day
2. The day appointed for the coming into operation of sections 13(1) to (6) and 15 of the Welfare Reform Act (Northern Ireland) 2007(1) (work-related activity and directions about work-related activity) is 11th July 2011.
(1)
Sections 13(1) and 15 were amended respectively by sections 3(4)(a) and 10 of the Welfare Reform Act (Northern Ireland) 2010 (c. 13 (N.I.))Video: Man of the people decides to go for a sandwich
posted at 5:21 pm on October 4, 2013 by Allahpundit
To cleanse the palate. In case you were wondering whether shutting veterans out of war memorials, shrugging off kids with cancer, and chortling that Democrats don’t care when the shutdown ends has O a tiny bit worried about coming off as a callous jackhole, the answer is yes. His job approval in Gallup today is a lean, mean 41/52. Time for a quickie publicity stunt with blue-collar Uncle Joe to show Americans that he’s still One Of Us.
And speaking of callous jackholes, he’s not the only one who’s suddenly worried about public perceptions:
Speaker Boehner is a good man who has a tough job. I hope he'll do what he knows is right.
— Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) October 4, 2013
Exit question: Think the GOP alone will bear the brunt of a shutdown-driven collapse in economic confidence? I know two guys who
Photoshop him as a Vet cuts the chain at the WWII memorial, in front of the oaf, and mutters “damn Punk”.
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:24 PM
Life at HA today
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:26 PM
Obama opted for a sandwich over this dog?
Murphy9 on October 4, 2013 at 5:26 PM
Scum
crash72 on October 4, 2013 at 5:26 PM
These people were not “essential” five days ago because they were not doing these jobs then. Why are there armed guards at the outdoor parks now?
UnderstandingisPower on October 4, 2013 at 5:27 PM
Obama’s moral depravity can’t wash off.
VorDaj on October 4, 2013 at 5:28 PM
He ordered a turkey sandwich for himself and a sh!t sandwich for the rest of us.
Mark1971 on October 4, 2013 at 5:28 PM
Surprised it wasn’t cake.
shades_of_gasden on October 4, 2013 at 5:28 PM
— Reid now
Earlier, this “Boehner is coward”.
The D party is in huuuuuge trouble. obama doesn’t give a damn about them or the land…but they know it. Landrieiu, you are gone, gone, gone.
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:29 PM
They are there because the Gestapo was unavailable.
VorDaj on October 4, 2013 at 5:29 PM
Meanwhile in the U.S.A. President Barrycade has had scenic overlooks closed…
UnderstandingisPower on October 4, 2013 at 5:29 PM
A$$ Clown.
Go back to Chicago and organize a tamale stand.
Key West Reader on October 4, 2013 at 5:30 PM
Abdication of leadership
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:30 PM
And he thinks this transparent little photo op will help? Clueless.
Rational Thought on October 4, 2013 at 5:30 PM
An Obama spokesman has just announced that Obama will take down one Barrycade for every 1 million people who sigh up for Obaamcare.
VorDaj on October 4, 2013 at 5:31 PM
Just the thing to take the people’s minds off the Obamacare exchange failures in all 57 states…a sammich!
That’s the best this administration can come up with?
DublOh7 on October 4, 2013 at 5:31 PM
It’s all about politics and optics 24/7 for the Democrats.
This PR move was so predictable given how badly they’ve managed the optics since the 1st.
They can’t run honestly on their agenda – which is to make the rest of the country emulate Detroit as they seek to fix an unjust and unfair system in an unjust and unfair country. Instead, they play to their propaganda arm and let the ‘Ministry of Truth’ push the meme.
Athos on October 4, 2013 at 5:32 PM
Heh
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:32 PM
It’s only been a failure in 55 of the states. In Cuba and the State of Denial it’s a success!
VorDaj on October 4, 2013 at 5:33 PM
Fiction could not write dumber images for these amateur thugs on the world stage.
Putin looks utterly competent and decent, go figure.
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:33 PM
I’m starting a tea bag mailing campaign.
One tea bag per envelope with handwritten address to every Representative and Congressman I can find the address for.
Isn’t that what “baggers” are supposed to do?
Cybergeezer on October 4, 2013 at 5:34 PM
Ace, Iowahawk and Twitchy will be all over that like white on rice. Should be fun!
Key West Reader on October 4, 2013 at 5:34 PM
I was surprised Obama got around, I thought he was going to close all the streets and sidewalks because of the Government Shut Down.
portlandon on October 4, 2013 at 5:34 PM
If only the Rs were smart/strong, once. Hang in there for 2 weeks. YOU can win this all the way.
The Armani is totally empty.
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:37 PM
I bet as soon as he was out of sight he trashed the takeout food and sat down to a lobster and wagyu beef lunch.
mechkiller_k on October 4, 2013 at 5:39 PM
Boehner is awesome, so lets leak his private correspondence .- Reid
rob verdi on October 4, 2013 at 5:39 PM
The American people disagree… for the moment, anyway.
Gallup reports that may more Americans are paying attention to this shutdown than the one 1995 with Clinton, and yet:
and
Gallup concluding:
With only 4% higher approval than Republicans, Obama isn’t escaping the consequences of this shutdown. For the moment, those polled think no worse of Republicans than they did in 1995, and think a a lot less of Obama than they did Clinton in 1995.
So Obama takes a walk to hide the fact that he’s sinking.
de rigueur on October 4, 2013 at 5:41 PM
Started watching the video, lasted about two seconds. I can’t stand to hear that jug-eared bastard’s voice.
RebeccaH on October 4, 2013 at 5:42 PM
“That’s really retarded, Sir“
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:43 PM
He’s not running for anything, except his lost emptiness in the Armani, but his party is in huuuuuge trouble.
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:44 PM
Hope they Cloroxed the place down after those two infectious a-holes left. If you used a UV light you would see slime all over.
arnold ziffel on October 4, 2013 at 5:45 PM
I wonder if President Optics actually eats when he engages in lunch stagecraft? Or does he order and casually slide the sandwich/burger/hot dog/pizza slice/normal guy food into the secret service guy’s briefcase? I mean, I’m not buying it. If he could get away with it, he’d “lunch” in 3 different states per day because, well, why waste time off camera when you can be on camera, right?
How, how I ask you all, in the name of all things decent and good and right, does this man have any approval rating at all? How, HOW I shout from the rooftop of my keyboard, does not every person in this beloved country of our not see this callous jackhole for the callous jackhole that he is?
LetsBfrank on October 4, 2013 at 5:47 PM
He’s got a dog sammich place near the WH..?
d1carter on October 4, 2013 at 5:47 PM
Oh my, RWM, they are truly obamaphone and Jeantel obama-voters.
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:47 PM
He was deeply disappointed the deli did not have dog or lion.
acyl72 on October 4, 2013 at 5:47 PM
Two Beagle Bagels and quart of German Shepherd pie..?
d1carter on October 4, 2013 at 5:47 PM
Hey, the streets and sidewalks are open. It’s just illegal to look at any of the monuments or memorials until the shutdown is over.
Happy Nomad on October 4, 2013 at 5:52 PM
Looks like the press is starting to peel off. LA Times coverage of the sandwich walk:
de rigueur on October 4, 2013 at 5:52 PM
Didn’t Reid call Speaker a coward?
Sir Napsalot on October 4, 2013 at 5:53 PM
How many sales do you suppose that sandwich shop lost because of Captain Kickass’s photo-op? And you just know that Obama didn’t leave anything in the tip cup either.
Happy Nomad on October 4, 2013 at 5:54 PM
Choke on it.
RovesChins on October 4, 2013 at 5:54 PM
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:55 PM
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:55 PM
Did he walk on water ?
burrata on October 4, 2013 at 5:56 PM
de rigueur, thanks. I gave it more prominence. When you lose the LAT…you’re pretty cooked.
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:56 PM
God help me if this a-hole ever shows his face in a restaurant where I’m eating. I’d never be allowed back, but it’d be worth it.
crrr6 on October 4, 2013 at 5:56 PM
He gave the country a sh*t sandwich. Hope he gets the same.
pat on October 4, 2013 at 5:57 PM
Not one troll defending the two clowns.
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:57 PM
Drudge, for the whole world to see…the goon of the US of Zimbabwe
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:59 PM
Just read this…the State Run Media will never touch the truth…
d1carter on October 4, 2013 at 6:02 PM
I guess he quickly got tired of cooking for himself.
Bitter Clinger on October 4, 2013 at 6:05 PM
Just let that sink in…
This guy will not be employed as a Park Ranger much longer if he is identified…
d1carter on October 4, 2013 at 6:06 PM
Obama’s Criminal America. Good job democrat voters!
Murphy9 on October 4, 2013 at 6:06 PM
The government that signs this?
The Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010
Resist We Much on October 4, 2013 at 6:07 PM
Or just got tired of Mooch’s cooking. ;0
Happy Nomad on October 4, 2013 at 6:11 PM
Makes me almost want to give up mustard.
Barred on October 4, 2013 at 6:14 PM
Gotta side with him on that. Arugula and carrot sticks get old pretty damn quick.
Bitter Clinger on October 4, 2013 at 6:16 PM
GarandFan on October 4, 2013 at 6:16 PM
All we need is a picture of King Barry playing golf at Andrews AFB this weekend!
GarandFan on October 4, 2013 at 6:17 PM
Lol. The website of Taylor Gormet, the place this idiot went into, features a pic of him on their homepage. It’s clearly run by a bunch of libtards. I’m in the DC area, and that’s one place I will never eat.
More to the point, however, aside from the silly theatrics, I have noticed not one bit of difference in my daily life since the government has been “shut down”. Keep it shut down I say.
WhatSlushfund on October 4, 2013 at 6:20 PM
Yeah, civilian workforce at Andrews isn’t getting paid but he’s out on the links there. That would be an awesome photo.
My guess is that he’s going to take the brats out for ice cream or something (with press pool in tow) so that he can give the same lecture he gave in Rockville yesterday and in that sandwich shop today.
Happy Nomad on October 4, 2013 at 6:22 PM
Closing open air parks and scenic overlooks simply to increase the pain point for Joe and Josephine Six-Pack. This is something even the lowest of low information voters should see through if only the news wasn’t being filtered and spun through the MSM.
CaptFlood on October 4, 2013 at 6:23 PM
Fewer and fewer and fewer peolpe are taking this POTUS seriously…
mjbrooks3 on October 4, 2013 at 6:25 PM
Which one is a man ?
burrata on October 4, 2013 at 6:27 PM
davidk on October 4, 2013 at 6:28.
Resist We Much on October 4, 2013 at 6:32 PM
davidk on October 4, 2013 at 6:32 PM
With the secret service how much did this sandwich cost?
sandee on October 4, 2013 at 6:38 PM
So let me get this straight. During the GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN, he went to a PRIVATE BUSINESS who has been helping GOVERNMENT WORKERS eat because of the GOVERNMENT SHUTDOWN…
The government that HE supposedly RUNS?
BWHAHAHHAHAHHAAAA!
BTW, do you know who is still open? The PRIVATE BUSINESSES who are not connected to the government! Shocker.
UnderstandingisPower on October 4, 2013 at 6:41 PM
In celebration of Obamacare, the vendor should serve Obama’s sandwich lukewarm and without any meat…at double the price…after making him wait 4 hours!!!
landlines on October 4, 2013 at 6:43 PM
Too bad the MF’er didn’t choke on it.
Fazman on October 4, 2013 at 7:01 PM
Someone ought to make well-publicized run on Taylor Gourmet to buy sandwiches for the vets at the barrycades around the WWII memorial…
de rigueur on October 4, 2013 at 7:03 PM
Phone it in, phony!
hillbillyjim on October 4, 2013 at 7:30 PM
From Chad Henderson’s Facebook page: Q:Favorite Dressing? A: Creamy Caesar.
BHO Jonestown on October 4, 2013 at 7:30 PM
Schadenfreude on October 4, 2013 at 5:26 PM
Well done.
hillbillyjim on October 4, 2013 at 7:39 PM
..er..ah..ah..ah..ah..how’s your mutt-dip special? Is the German Shepard lean? N-N-No, t-t-t-that’s o.k., I’ll have a roasted Pomeranian on a roll. Hold the mayo.
The War Planner on October 4, 2013 at 7:44 PM
If it was my store, I would have put a barricade in front of the door when I saw them coming – told him we’re shut down – @zzhole.
dentarthurdent on October 4, 2013 at 7:44 PM
Gotta feel sorry for the guy; if he’d gone on his trip to Indonesia he could be sitting down to a nice meal of Dog instead of settling for a crummy sandwich!
kcewa on October 4, 2013 at 7:46 PM
I’ve been to Taylor’s, they are over priced subs meant for uppity white people. A perfect place for Obama to go to.
Lance Murdock on October 4, 2013 at 8:07 PM
Who Shut.
Green eyed Lady on October 4, 2013 at 9:12 PM
“After all this theater, my approval rating is at 41%?”
Heh.
Key West Reader on October 5, 2013 at 12:50 AM
Is it wise for Dear Leader and Joe Bite-me to be strolling the streets of DC together? Hope Boehner was in a secure location.
Dingbat63 on October 5, 2013 at 6:51 AM
It’s not so much that the emperor has no clothes as it is that the clothes have no emperor.
steebo77 on October 5, 2013 at 9:49 AM
He must not like turkey chili cuz it’s also called white chili (no red sauce). Times are getting lean in the WH. Is Mooch in the kitchen? Doubly doubtful.
Kissmygrits on October 5, 2013 at 10:10 AM
Those workers in the pic don’t exactly have big smiles on their faces. Their hours must have been cut so they could get free health care.
Kissmygrits on October 5, 2013 at 10:13 AM
Obama can’t stick that sandwich up his arse while Reid sticks his pomegranates up his.
Or they can give each other a hand.
Sherman1864 on October 5, 2013 at 10:28 AM
I mean “can.” My iphone resists my Churchillian rhetoric.
Sherman1864 on October 5, 2013 at 10:31 AM
I’m wondering if it was a ham sandwich. After all the predictions that a ham sandwich would beat him in his reelection bid, he must’ve eaten one for lunch.
rukiddingme on October 5, 2013 at 12:12 PM
“I’ll just go ahead and order for everyone. The people will have a sh!t sandwich, hold the bread. I’ll have the turkey with provolone. And just send me the tab, I’m good for it.”
mrt721 on October 5, 2013 at 12:28 PMIf you need immediate assistance, call 877-SSRNHelp (877 777 6435) in the United States, or +1 585 442 8170 outside of the United States, 8:30AM to 6:00PM U.S. Eastern, Monday - Friday.
Continuous-Time Methods, Quadratic Variation, Realized Volatility, Realized Correlation, High-Frequency Data, Exchange Rates, Vector Autoregression, Long Memory, Volatility Forecasting, Correlation Forecasting, Density Forecasting, Risk Management, Value at Risk
None
Realized Volatility, Stochastic Volatility, Quadratic Variation, Bipower Variation, Variance Swap, Impled Volatility
VPIN, PIN, High-Frequency Trading, Order Flow Toxicity, Order Imbalance, Flash Crash, VIX, Volatility Forecasting
Stochastic Volatility, Realized Volatility, Implied Volatility, Options, Volatility Smirk, Volatility Smile, Dynamic Term Structure Models, Affine Models
Stochastic Volatility, Realized Volatility, Impled Volatility, Options, Smirk, Smile, Term Structure of Interest Rates, Affine Models
Market risk, volatility, GARCH
quadratic variation and covariation, realized volatility, asset pricing, CAPM, equity betas, long memory, nonlinear fractional cointegration, continuous-time methods
Continuous-time methods, jumps, quadratic variation, realized volatility, bi-power variation, high-frequency data, volatility forecasting, HAR-RV model
Asset Pricing, Macroeconomic News Announcements, Financial Market Linkages, Market Microstructure, High-Frequency Data, Survey Data, Asset Return Volatility, Forecasting
Interest Rate Volatility, Hedging, Volatility Risk, Unspanned Stochastic Volatility, Affine Models, Term Structure Models
Realized Volatility, Integrated Volatility, Quadratic Variation, Long-Memory, High-Frequency Data, Risk Management, Forecasting
Exchange Rates, Macroeconomic News Announcements, Jumps, Market Microstructure, High-Frequency Data, Expectations Data, Anticipations Data, Order Flow, Asset Return Volatility, Forecasting
Realized volatility, realized beta, conditional CAPM, business cycle
Model-Free Implied Volatility, Corridor Implied Volatility, Realized Volatility, VIX, Volatility Forecasting, Risk-Neutral Density
VIX, Model-Free Implied Volatility, Corridor Implied Volatility, Time Series Coherence
VPIN, Order Flow Toxicity, Order Imbalance, Accuracy of Trade Classification, Volatility Forecasting
Continuous-time methods, jumps, quadratic variation, realized volatility, bi-power variation, highfrequency data, volatility forecasting, macroeconomic news, HAR-RV model, HAR-RV-CJ model
Stochastic Volatility, Realized Variation, Bipower Variation, Jumps, Hazard Rates, Overnight Volatility
Return distributions, continuous-time models, mixture-of-distributions hypothesis, financial-time sampling, high-frequency data, volatility signature plots, realized volatilities, jumps, leverage and volatility feedback effects
Financial Market Volatility, High-Frequency Data, Realized Volatility, Quadratic Variation, Exchange Rates, Long-Memory
VPIN, High-Frequency Trading, Order Flow Toxicity, Flash Crash, Volatility Forecasting
high-frequency data, implied volatility, jump activity, Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, stable process, stochastic volatility, VIX index
Integrated Volatility, Jump Robust
High-frequency data, Integrated variance, Finite activity jumps, Realized volatility, Jump robustness, Nearest neighbor truncation
realized volatility, multipower variation, jumps, quadratic variation, volatility estimation, volatility forecasting, jump testing, continuous-time stochastic volatility model
business cycle, incentives, insurance, unemployment benefits,
bipower variation, integrated variance, jump process, power variation, quadratic variation, realized variance, realized volatility, semimartingale, volatility
This page was processed by apollo4 in 1.297 secondsIndianapolis-based Allison Transmission Inc. has partnered with two other auto suppliers to develop and produce a new line of high-efficiency transmissions, the companies announced Thursday morning.
The "next-generation" transmissions developed by Allison, Dana Holding Corp. and Fallbrook Technologies Inc. will be expected to increase fuel efficiency, reduce emissions and improve overall vehicle performance.
The agreement calls for Fallbrook's NuVinci CVP technology to be licensed to Allison and Dana. The technology enables designers to reduce complexity of transmissions, superchargers, and other powertrain systems, allowing engines to operate at more efficient speeds.
As part of the deal, Allison acquired an undisclosed, non-controlling equity stake in privately owned Fallbrook., which is headquartered in San Diego, Calif.
During a Thursday morning teleconference, Allison CEO Lawrence Dewey declined to discuss the company’s total investment in the NuVinci CVP technology or the potential financial impact of the agreement.
“As we get to stages where it makes sense, we’ll be disclosing that,” Dewey said.
Through its licensing agreement, Allison will have the exclusive right to use the CVP technology in primary drivetrain transmissions for customers producing commercial, military, off-road and other vehicles and equipment.
Maumee, Ohio-based Dana Holding Corp.'s separate but related agreement with Fallbrook will allow it to engineer and produce NuVinci transmission parts.
Allison and Dana also signed a letter of intent to set up a partnership in which Dana would produce parts for Allison’s NuVinci transmissions.
Allison shares fell 12 cents in early trading Thursday, to $19.30 each. The stock has risen 10 percent since the beginning of September.
Dana's shares fell 11 cents, to $13.81.SWARTZ CREEK, Michigan — Croquet is A-OK with the operators of Genesee Valley Meadows Golf Course.
The course off Miller Road has become the home of the city’s newest athletic pursuit — croquet.
Local architect Doug Stephens, who wants to bring a national croquet tournament to Swartz Creek one day, says enthusiasts have started meeting at 7:30 a.m. Monday mornings at the clubhouse.
Once the group of about 10 people reaches 16, Stephens said they’ll have enough players for a league.
Golfer Jim Florence helped bring about the partnership between the burgeoning sports club and golf course, Stephens said.
He said he’s thrilled with the exposure to passing motorists that the Miller Road course provides. “I always thought that would be an ideal spot,” he said.
“I was afraid I was going to be out there mowing grass in a cow pasture,” Stephens joked.
Those interested in learning the game and playing are invited to join the group on Mondays, he added. There are no costs involved now, and won’t be until a league is established.
The Kiwanis Club recently voted to sponsor the sport locally. Stephens said he would like to get the club’s Key Club, a high school group, involved in the sport as well. Any money raised from special events will be donated to the club for children’s projects.
“The plan next year is to get the course really nice and professional and then we want to have a big national tournament when players from all over the country can come here and play.”
Stephens recently visited another croquet club in Waterloo, which is expected to become the local group’s first visiting team.
Among the converts is Richard Mattson, the city’s farmers market master. “I’m a very competitive person and I like being with people. Croquet offers an opportunity to be social and still be competitive,” he said.
“It’s something different.”
Club manager Mike Hoffman said course managers are happy to work with local residents.
“I think it’ll catch on but I think it’ll take time to build,” Hoffman said.6076 Views 3 Replies Latest reply: Apr 15, 2010 3:35 PM by Klaus1
Does iMovie HD 6 have a split screen function?
I would like to have two images on the screen at one time.
Is there a free plugin that can do this?
I'm a bit rushed because my video project is due for presentation by this Saturday.
Thanks
I would like to have two images on the screen at one time.
Is there a free plugin that can do this?
I'm a bit rushed because my video project is due for presentation by this Saturday.
Thanks
MacBook, Mac OS X (10.6)
Ian Parkinson Apr 15, 2010 6:59 AM
Re: Split Screen video in Imovie HD 6? in response to John LyonsNo it does not have the feature.
Bengt Wärleby Apr 15, 2010 7:11 AM
Re: Split Screen video in Imovie HD 6? in response to John LyonsHi
No
Alt is either to buy plug-ins (to iMovie HD 6)
or FinalCut Express (or Pro) Where this is standard and dead easy to do.
Plug-ins to Previous versions of iMovie (Not 08 or 09)
Stupendous software
GeeThree
cf/x.
Apple
Yours Bengt W
Klaus1 Apr 15, 2010 3:35 PM
Re: Split Screen video in Imovie HD 6? in response to John LyonsYou can use Quicktime 7 Pro to do this:
Organize the video clips and/or stills that you want to superimpose on to your main video clip, by having these in separate, individual iMovie projects (no matter how small). It helps if these are in the exact length/time you want later.
Now start with the clip in your iMovie project on to which you want to superimpose one of more smaller video clips or stills. Lets call it Main Clip. Export this (share) to Quicktime Pro in DV (full quality). make sure it has the same aspect as before (Quicktime tends to default to 4:3. If you want 16:9, read on).
In Quicktime, with this project open, select File ~ Open File. Select the iMovie file (in your movies folder) of the first clip/still you want superimposed. This will open in its own QT window. Select Edit ~ copy. If it is a movie clip then select all ~ copy (or you will only get one frame!). Switch back to the Main Clip window, and click in the scroll bar where you want the extra clip/still to appear. Choose Edit ~ Add to Movie.
You can repeat this as many times as you like, if you want to build a 'Video Wall', i.e. have several superimposed clips/stills on the same Main Clip.
Do not worry that the new clip overlaps or covers up the Main Clip, at this stage.
Choose Window ~ Show Movie Properties. The Properties Dialogue appears.
You will see a list of video (and audio) tracks. Track one will be the Main Clip, track 2 your new added (superimposed) clip. Click track 2, then click visual settings. From the Scaled Size pop-op menu, choose percent. Then type 50 into the first box. If Preserve Aspect Ratio is turned on you won't need to type 50 into the second box. You have made the pasted footage appear at one quarter its original size. The inset is now hugging the top-left corner of the Main Clip. If you want, you can type numbers into the Offset Boxes to shove it away from that corner (there are 72 pixels to the inch).
If your original Main Clip was required in 16:9, unclick (de-select) Preserve Aspect Ratio, and type in the relevant numbers in the two boxes, in Video Track 1.
PAL (for Europe):
Standard DV (4:3) 788 x 576
DV Widescreen (16:9) 1050 x 576
NTSC (for the USA):
Standard DV (4:3) 720 x 528
DV Widescreen (16:9) 874 x 480
This will not affect video track 2, but if that is also wanted in 16:9 repeat for that track.
You can superimpose, 3, 4, or more such 'overlaps' on the same clip, and spend a happy afternoon tapping away for each track in the Offset Boxes until you have got them all in the right place! You can even overlap them, if you can remember (or note down - hire a secretary to take notes) which track you want on top etc.
Save the completed QT file. Import the completed file into a new iMovie project. Import this into the original iMovie project, substituting the old clip you copied to QT as Main Clip for the new fancy clip you have made.
Have fun!Ken Burkhardt Jr. | Weight class: 197
Height: 6-2
Year: Sophomore
Hometown: Milford, Neb.
Previous School: Milford HS
Major: Secondary Education
Honors
2014-15 NAIA All-America (8th place - 197)
2014-15 NAIA North 3rd place (197 lbs)
2014-15 Second Team All-GPAC
2013-14 GPAC Honorable Mention All-Conference
2013-14 NAIA National Qualifier
2013-14 NAIA North 3rd place (197 lbs)
2014-15: Sophomore
Burkhardt Jr. broke through with a stellar sophomore campaign in which he led the team in both wins (33) and pins (11) while going 33-18 overall ... went 9-3 in dual meets ... for the second-straight year qualified for the national championships, where he went 4-3 and took eighth place ... posted a mark of 10-3 against GPAC foes ... collected one win by technical fall and three by major decision ... placed at five tournaments: NAIA North Qualifier (third), Hastings Open (third), Missouri Valley Invite (fourth), Dakota Wesleyan Open (fourth) and NAIA National Championships (eighth).
2013-14: Freshman
Burkhardt Jr. rattled off a record of 21-18 at 197 on the way to qualifying for nationals in his first collegiate wrestling season ... went 10-7 in dual meets and 12-3 against GPAC opponents ... placed at the NAIA North Qualifier (third) and at the Briar Cliff Open (fourth) ... recorded seven victories by pin, four by major decision, nine by decision and one by medical forfeit.
High School
Started and lettered all four years as a prep at Milford High School for head coach Dirk Desmond ... qualified for the state championships three times with a runner-up finish ... won two district titles ... earned academic all-state three times ... played football for four years, garnering three letters and second team all-district honors in 2011 and 2012 ... participated in track and field for four years and legion baseball for two years.
Personal
Born in Crete, Neb., on Oct. 12, 1993 ... son of Ken Burkhardt Sr. and Stacie Siebert ... has two older siblings, Keelee and Kelsey, and two younger siblings, Kyle and Kolby ... enjoys hunting, fishing and hanging out with friends.Insurance Quotes
Term Life Rates Plunge To All-Time Lows
Quotesmith.com, Inc. (ticker: QUOT, exchange: NASDAQ) News Release - 6/20/1999
Term Life Rates Plunge To All-Time Lows
DARIEN, Illinois (June 20, 1999) -- Quotesmith.com, a provider of instant auto, life, medical, dental and annuity insurance quotes from over 300." Term life premium rates always escalate after their initial rate guarantee period.
Quotesmith.com maintains a continually-updated insurance information database which tracks the premium rates, policy coverages and latest financial stability ratings of more.
Ready to get a quote?
Get quick and easy insurance quotesToday is the second day of the â€œChallenging Gender Inequality in Tax Policy Making” workshop at the International Institute for the Sociology of Law in Onati, Spain. This morning’s panel, “Labour Markets and Saving Choices,” featured presentations by Ulrike Spanberg, Marjorie Kornhauser and Paloma Villota.
Ulrike Spanenberg presented her work on “Income Tax Deductions: Indirect Discrimination in Tax Law.” She spoke about methods for addressing gender inequality in taxation, using as a focal point data on the number of employees eligible to make pre-tax contributions to corporation pension plans in Germany.
Marjorie Kornhauser asked, “What’s Gender Got to Do With It?” in her paper on capital gains taxation. She explored how gender might impact which taxpayers experience capital gains and how gender-differentiated attitudes toward risk, among other factors, might explain gender asymmetries in the incidence of capital gain taxation.
Paloma de Villota presented her work on the “Impact of Income Tax on Labour Income-Earning Women in Spain.” She urged reform at the lower end of income tax brackets in order to enhance women’s economic well-being. She also mentioned her study (with Ignacio Ferrari) that reveals 80% of capital gains taxation in Spain for a recent period was experienced by male taxpayers. The paper, El Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas FÃsicas en Castilla y LeÃ³n desde la perspectiva de gÃ©nero, is available here.
Kim Brooks is presenting now on “International Justice for Women.” She asks what feminist theory brings to the question of tax treaties and inter-nation equity.
-Bridget CrawfordEvil Daycare teacher!
A." Here is a link to the story:
Add your quick reply below:
You must be a member to reply to this post.
Replies (1-10):
by Christa on Mar. 14, 2013 at 3:42 PM
Holy crap. She should go to prison.
Posted on CafeMom Mobile
by Group Admin on Mar. 14, 2013 at 3:53 PM
Quoting christaberk:
Holy crap. She should go to prison.
Like we don't have enough to worry about leaving our kids in the control of others!
by Gold Member on Mar. 14, 2013 at 4:34 PM
A coworker of mine just told me this story!! It's unbelievable and incredibly sad. As a daycare worker, there are more than enough days where we wish kids would fall asleep faster or sleep better, but to take it to that extreme?? No freaking way!!!
by Ashley on Mar. 14, 2013 at 10:15 PM
SMH. I just read a story about a teacher in cali feeding his students seamen laced crackers and spoonfuls as "taste testing" in class. He was caught because he sent photos of the students blindfolded to a photoshop. WTF is wrong with people?!?
by Platinum Member on Mar. 14, 2013 at 10:37 PM
Wow! That is crazy.
Add your quick reply below:
You must be a member to reply to this post.
on Mar. 14, 2013 at 2:50 PM
- deccafTopic Archive: NBC Universal
Why Did USA Network Lock TV Fans in a Room?
The TV network partnered with Escape the Room to create a truly immersive fan experience to promote its new mystery show Dig.
Event Report Posted March 11, 2015, 7:00 AM EDT
Why Esquire Network Wants to Be Disruptive and Authentic With Events
Deena Stern, the senior vice president of marketing and digital for the one-year-old TV network, explained how the brand is using live experiences to create awareness and advocates among its target demographic.
Event Intelligence Posted October 17, 2014, 7:30 AM EDT
Why the Style Awards Are Moving From Los Angeles to New York
News Posted August 22, 2012, 1:16 PM EDT
Upfront Week 2012: Hispanic Brands and Cable Networks Bolster Efforts, Adding to Frenzy
Event Report Posted May 18, 2012, 6:13 PM EDT
E! Network's First New York Upfront Debuts New Brand Imagery
Event Report Posted May 3, 2012, 6:13 PM EDT
Syfy and Oxygen Plug New Ad Campaigns at Respective Upfronts
Event Report Posted April 30, 2012, 2:47 PM EDT
Bravo Puts Digital Efforts, Show Stars Centerstage at Upfront
Event Report Posted April 13, 2012, 6:09 PM EDT
Golden Globes Party Preview: 'In Style,' HBO, Sony, NBC, the Weinstein Company, Fox, and More
News Posted January 12, 2012, 8:30 AM EST
Golden Globes Menu Preview: "Global Food Harmony" for 1,300
News Posted January 5, 2012, 5:04 PM EST
Universal Studios Reunites 'Big Lebowski' Cast for Blu-ray Release at Fan Fest
Event Report Posted August 23, 2011, 2:57 PM EDT
Oxygen's Client Entertaining Event Plugs 'Hair Battle Spectacular' With Blowouts, Braiding
Event Report Posted August 2, 2011, 1:13 PM EDT
Syfy Teams Up With New Corporate Sibling E! for Comic-Con Party
Event Report Posted July 27, 2011, 12:50 PM EDT
USA Network Premieres Summer Shows With Free Outdoor Screenings
Event Report Posted June 7, 2011, 9:00 AM EDT
Upfronts 2011: Telemundo's Multimedia Outing Integrates Streamlined Check-In
Event Snapshot Posted May 19, 2011, 9:30 AM EDT
2011 Upfronts: NBC Universal Kick-Starts Season With Talent-Focused Presentations for Bravo, Syfy, and Oxygen
Event Report Posted April 7, 2011, 5:15 PM EDT
NBC Plugs Food-Focused Reality Competition With Makeshift Automat
Event Snapshot Posted March 8, 2011, 12:08 PM EST
Syfy Promo Attracts Mall Gawkers for Special Effects Makeup Demos
Event Report Posted January 25, 2011, 11:00 AM EST
New Chrysler Sponsorship Dictates Look for NBC Universal/Focus Features Golden Globes Party
Event Report Posted January 17, 2011, 1:58 PM EST
10 Ways Exhibitors Got Attention at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas
Event Report Posted January 10, 2011, 5:42 PM EST
Golden Globes Ceremony Will Serve California Ingredients and Flowing Moët
News Posted January 6, 2011, 2:11 PM EST
USA Network Teases New Spy Drama With Army of Secret Agents
Coast to Coast Posted July 14, 2010, 2:10 PM
2010 Upfronts: Fox Aims for Sophisticated Party, NBC Sends Colorful Cabs
Event Report Posted May 19, 2010, 2:40 PM EDT
2010 Upfronts: Cable Networks Kick Off Season With Production-Heavy Affairs
Event Report Posted May 17, 2010, 3:09 PM EDT
Video: Dove and iVillage's Chocolate Lounge
Event Report Posted April 8, 2010, 11:45 AM EDT
Syfy Parlays MoMA Sponsorship Into Venue for Upfront Presentation and Party
Event Report Posted April 1, 2010, 2:54 PM EDT
Dove and iVillage Draw Unexpected Crowd With Afternoon of Free Chocolate
Event Report Posted March 11, 2010, 3:42 PM EST
NBC Plants Big-Name Chefs in Food Trucks for Locals-Only Marketing Campaign
Event Report Posted February 9, 2010, 4:20 PM EST
Seen at Sundance: Brands Stake Claim at Pop-Up Venues
Event Report Posted January 28, 2010, 4:32 PM ESTColombians are participating in demonstrations scheduled for today, April 9, in support of the peace talks between the government and FARC. They are also remembering the murder of presidential candidate Jorge Eliecer Gaitán, whose killing -65 years ago today- kicked off a wave of violence that has not ceased. You can follow reports and reactions under FARC, Gaitán, #9deAbrilporlaPaz [April 9 for peace], #Ahorasílapaz [Now peace], and #SomosGeneracióndePaz [We are a generation of peace] on Twitter.By clicking on CONTINUE you confirm that you are 18 years and over.
Note: to turn off these warnings you need to set the 'safe mode' to OFF (on the top right)
The Smoking Cigarette and a Fire Sprinkler System = Fun
This happened in a Subway store.
He will never smoke again on the job, if he still has a job that is lol.
Embed CodeSwitch Player
You need to be registered in order to add comments! Register HERE
View comments (147)
Advertisement below
Items
High Power Water Fight
Fire Department Slip And Slide
The Power Of Water
Massive Fire Engulfs Entire Block in New Jersey
Some fire and water dropping video
How To Start A Fire Using Water
Unbelievable, Gas in the Tap water and on fire!!
On the Fire Line with LA Helitack and Track Attack
Fire Hydrant Crashed Into
Ruptured Water Main Causes Accident
Excerpts from Cold Fusion: Fire from Water
Advertisersby Deborah Rieselman
From the beginning .... (Read UC Magazine article on co-op.) more than 300 academic programs to more than 42,500 students. (Read UC's numerous rankings.)MLM Cash
Copyright, 2010, 2011, Jinger Jarrett. All Rights Reserved. You may print
a copy of this ebook for your own personal use. You may also brand it
and give it away. (Instructions on how to get your brandable copy are
included at the end of this ebook.) You may not change any of the
content.
Additionally: author. Inquiries concerning reproduction
outside those terms should be sent to the author..
To get the most from this report, read it through at least one
time. See what is involved. Then, read it through a second time,
only this time you want to take action. Follow the instructions to
the letter. Even if you only have 15 minutes a day to work on this,
if you work on it 15 minutes a day consistently, you will have your
business set up in no time.
To contact me, or for further resources, please see the list at the
end of this report.'Alright alright alright' From romantic comedy stud to 'Best Actor' frontrunner, a look at 'the McConaissance.'.'Key things you need to know aboutDr. Samuel:
Dr. Samuel's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Dr. Samuel's Care Philosophy
Dr. Samuel's Specialties
- Ophthalmology
- View 1 specialty and 1 board certification
Procedures Dr. Samuel Performs
- Cataract Removal Surgery
- Destruction of Lesion of Retina and Choroid
- See all 4 procedures
Conditions Dr. Samuel Treats
- Age-Related Macular Degeneration
- Cataract
- See all 26 conditions
More About Dr. Samuel's Background
MoreGet the facts on Dr. Samuel.9 out of 5 5 1 18 Of California
- Retina Institute of California
- 78150 Calle Tampico
- La Quinta, CA 92253
- Retina Institute Of California
- RETINA INSTITUTE OF CALIFORNIA
- 72301 Country Club Dr Ste 109
-
Our records show that you have already confirmed your survey for Dr. Samuel. Please note: it takes 24 hours for your survey results to show up on the doctor’s profile.UPDATE: Smithfield Foods Posts Upbeat FQ2 Profit
Smithfield Foods (NYSE: SFD) reported a 91% drop in its fiscal second-quarter earnings.
Smithfield's quarterly profit fell to $10.9 million, or $0.07 per share, from $120.7 million, or $0.74 per share, in the year-ago period. Excluding one-time items, Smithfield earned $0.61 per share.
Its sales fell 2.6% to $3.23 billion. However, analysts were expecting earnings of $0.45 per share on revenue of $3.3 billion.
Its gross margin declined to 11.7% from 12.7%
Smithfield shares closed at $22.90 yesterday.
Posted-In: profitEarnings News
© 2015 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.Upscale discount chain Tuesday Morning remains confident
Despite a disappointing fourth quarter and increasing competition for consumer dollars, officials with Tuesday Morning remain optimistic about their presence on the national retail scene.
Ross Manning, senior vice president and marketing manager for the upscale discount retailer, toured several area Tuesday Morning stores on Monday to encourage workers and promote the company's profile.
The upscale discounter is rebounding from an earnings slump, but is poised to make significant strides in the coming months, Manning said.
Two areas where the company expects substantial growth are in gourmet food products and craft materials.
Tuesday Morning's fourth-quarter net sales for the period ending June 30 declined by 10.4 percent to $196.5 million, down from $219.4 million for the same period a year ago.
Comparable store sales for the quarter were down by 12.7 percent. Net sales for the 12-month period ending June 30 were $885.3 million, compared to $924.2 million for the same period in 2007.
As he walked the aisles in the 8,500-square-foot Cordova store, assessing product placement and scanning inventory, Manning said the company is in a special position to weather the current economic storm.
"With customers searching for ways to shop smarter, we offer a one-stop experience with low prices and high quality," Manning said. "It's difficult in this environment, but I believe we have an edge over other retailers."
Cheryl Hanney, manager of the Cordova store, agreed.
"We don't sell seconds or rejects, and we never know what's going to be in the boxes we get," Hanney said. "We have loyal customers who come in here on a weekly basis to see what we've got in."
Tuesday Morning specializes in deeply discounted, upscale home accessories, furnishings and gifts. The Dallas-based company was founded in 1974 and has about 850 stores nationwide, including six in the Memphis area.
As a result of its rotating inventory -- an advertising campaign asks, 'What will you find today?' -- customers are conditioned to know that the time to buy is now.
Because what is there today very likely may be gone tomorrow.
"It's my favorite place to shop. I drop in here all the time," said Jan McElhaney of Hickory Wythe, who stopped by Monday to do a little pre-Christmas shopping. "It's fun to see the new things they get in. It's like a little adventure."
Contact James Dowd at 529-2737.
Tuesday Morning
What: Upscale discount retailer
Where: About 850 stores nationwide
Founded: 1974
Headquarters: Dallas
Locally: 45 S. Highland
2853 Bartlett Blvd.
2031 Exeter
1740 N Germantown Pkwy.
632 W. Poplar
7065 Airways, Southaven
Need Help? Call us at 1-888-789-0831.
Monday-Friday: 6am-5pm / Saturday: 6:30am-11:30am / Sunday: 6am-1pmN.
Driver’s Seat is a blog featuring news, views, and advice about cars, auto safety, driving, and transportation. Driver’s Seat is written by Jonathan Welsh with contributions from auto critic Dan Neil, columnist Joe White and Wall Street Journal staffers and others.SAN FRANCISCO (MarketWatch) -- Canadian stocks fell on Monday as weak U.S. jobs data triggered concerns over the strength of the U.S. economic recovery. The S&P/TSX Composite Index GSPTSE, +0.87% slid 36.75 points, or 0.3%, to 12,066.36. The S&P/TSX Capped Metals & Mining Index TTMN, -2.44% and the S&P/TSX Capped Financial Index TTFS, +0.70% both shed 0.9%. On Friday, the U.S. Labor Department said the economy in March added 120,000 jobs, significantly below an increase of 210,000 projected by economists in a MarketWatch survey. The Toronto exchange was closed on Friday.
Market Pulse
Canada stocks fall on disappointing U.S. jobs data
More News from MarketWatch
Top Stories
Trending
Recommended"BEGINNER" Video Drum Pack (18 VIDEOS)
18 Video Lessons | 11+ Hours | 14 PDF Help Sheets
18 Video Lessons that teach you EVERYTHING you need to know about playing the drums.
These Easy to Follow, Step-by-Step Videos and Help Sheets will get you playing along to music in no time at all!
As a FREE Bonus, the Pack also comes with 5 Full-Song Video Drum Lessons taken from my website. These lessons will give you the chance to practice your new found drum skills along to ACTUAL songs!
Please read on below to find out more about this Beginner Drum Pack.
Happy Drumming to you,
Drummer, Teacher & Self Confessed Drum-Nut
Easy Step-by-Step Beginner Drum Lessons
Beginner Lesson Previews
** Click on the thumbnail images below to watch each of these four video lessons in full **
"Drum Beats & Fills" | FIVE Videos
.
Beginner Lesson Preview
** Click on the thumbnail image below to watch the Beginner Drum Fill Video Lesson in full **
PDF Help Sheet Previews
** Click on the thumbnail images below to view some examples of the PDF Help Sheets included **
"Next Level Lessons" | FOUR Videos
.
PDF Help Sheet Previews
** Click on the thumbnail images below to view some examples of the PDF Help Sheets included **
BONUS Videos: Play along to Actual Music!
This Beginner Drum Pack also includes FIVE Full-Song Video Drum Lessons and fully transcribed PDF drum charts taken directly from my website.
These BONUS Video Lessons will give you the chance to practice your new found drum skills along to real music!
Each Video Lesson teaches you the drums to an entire song, from Start to Finish. Every single beat and fill is broken down and explained slowly, Note-for-Note and in great detail!
"Full-Song Video Lessons" | FIVE Videos
Learn how to play drums to the following 5 popular songs chosen specifically for new drummers. Each video drum lesson is 45-60 minutes in length and is suitable for beginners. The downloadable MP4 Videos have been specially designed to play on any Computer, Tablet, or iPhone.
- Back In Black (AC/DC)
- Come Together (The Beatles)
- Creep (Radiohead)
- Honky Tonk Woman (The Rolling Stones)
- You Really Got Me (The Kinks)
Full-Song Video Previews
** Click on the thumbnail images below to watch the Preview for each Song Lesson **
PDF Drum Chart Previews
** Click on the thumbnail images below to view some examples of the PDF Full-Song Drum Charts included **
So, you may be asking..."Just Who is Robert Litten,
and Why Should I Learn From Him?"
.
_10<<
OK, so here's a Summary of what YOU get...
To purchase all of these from my website individually would cost you over £95!
The Good News is that you get ALL of this...
13 Beginner Drum Lessons
5 Full-Song Video Drum Lessons
9 PDF Help Sheets
5 PDF Full-Song Drum Charts
11+ Hours Of Video Content!
Instantly Download to your computer...
...RIGHT NOW, for ONLY £25!
And YES, this complete package is backed by my DrumsTheWord...
So, What Are You Waiting For?
DOWNLOAD the "Beginner Video Drum Pack" RIGHT NOW...
Custom-built four channel CATS GC used at background air and tower sites.
The HATS Division has designed and constructed
gas chromatographic systems used in the measurement of trace gases in the
upper and lower atmosphere, pollution studies, combustion work, and oceanic
studies. We also have produced many unique individual components (electrometers,
flow controllers, pressure controllers, etc.) for gas chromatographs (GCs).
Our particular expertise is high precision measurement requirements using
electron capture detectors (ECDs) or mass spectrometric detectors (MSDs)
with either packed column and capillary column gas chromatography. We are
interested in collaboration with organizations that conduct trace gas research
within our lab's mission.
Our clients have included the Canadian Department of Energy (DoE) , the Atmospheric Environment Service (AES) of Environment Canada, German Forschungszentrum Jülich GmbH. (KFA), US National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), US National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), Methyl Bromide Coalition, Alternative Fluorocarbons Environmental Acceptability Study (AFEAS), and Harvard University.
Instrumentation Available:
- Airborne GCs (see Airborne Chromatograph for Atmospheric Trace Species homepage or ACATS)
- Calibration GCs (see Standards homepage)
- Oceanic GCs (see OAXTC homepage)
- Remote Ground-Based GCs (see in situ GC program)
- Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometer Systems (see CAMP Program for HCFCs and HFCs homepage)
For more information, please contact Dr. James W. Elkins (+1 303 497 6224; James.W.Elkins@noaa.gov ).- Books & More
- Events & Activities
- Classes
- Research Resources
- About the Library
- Giving
- Kids
- Teens
Holiday Films
All Library locations will be closed on Monday, May 25 in observance of Memorial Day.
Monday, December 24, 2012
10:00am @ North-East Branch
Relax and enjoy a movie with us on Christmas Eve.From the Office of Pro Bono Outreach and Externships
Posted on: September 28th, 2012
Spring Externship News
Please remember that students will no longer be able to register for externships online. The new process requires that you complete a Student Action Request and have it signed by Professor Turner or her assistant, Ms. Ortega. You must turn in your externship Secured Placement Form at the time you present your action request for signature.
Spring Externship Timetable
September 24, 2012 Pre-registration form and resumes deadline
October 8-26, 2012 Interviews
November 5, 2012 Offers due
November 19, 2012 Last day to register for spring
January 18, 2012 Last day to Drop/Add for the spring
October is Pro Bono Month
Once again you’ve been challenged! October is Pro Bono Month. We want to exceed our target from last year. The goal is 1,000 hours during the month of October. Last year we were just shy of 600. The Office of Pro Bono Outreach and Externships is challenging Atlanta’s John Marshall students, faculty, and staff to earn 1,000 hours of pro bono credit in October as part of Georgia’s Pro Bono Month and National Pro Bono Week. Be on the look-out (JMTV, Flyers, student notices, newsletters, and the Office of Pro Bono Outreach & Externships webpage) for pro bono opportunities. You don’t have to look far for pro bono opportunities. There are several planned here at John Marshall.
- Rights Restoration Project – Help criminal offenders transition back into society and help reduce recidivism. Meet with Ms. Ortega to help update the Home for Good re-entry guide – a Q&A on how to find a job, get documentation, housing, etc. On October 20, we will also be hosting a Re-Entry Forum at the Blackburn Center. Contact Ms. Ortega at bortega@johnmarshall.edu for more details.
- Home for Good Re-entry Forum – Participate in a forum designed to educate and help those re-entering from prison to integrate successfully back into their communities. This year’s forum is October 20, 2012 from 4 p.m.- 8 p.m. Contact Ms. Ortega at bortega@johnmarshall.edu for more details.
- Georgia Bar Association Video Project – Get involved in a new partnership with the Georgia Bar Association. John Marshall has been asked to create videos for its legal reference guide. This is an ongoing project and can be done at your convenience. Contact Megan McClinton at smmcclinton@johnmarshall.edu for more information.
If you’re looking for more opportunities, go to the Pro Bono Outreach TWEN page. For more information on any of these projects or other pro bono opportunities, contact the PBOE Office at bortega@johnmarshall.edu.
Each week, we will update our progress on a thermometer in the first floor lobby. Be sure to submit your pro bono hours to the PBOE Office using the form on TWEN, so your hours can be counted. We want to recognize you, so report your pro bono hours to probono@johnmarshall.edu. Your report should include number of hours worked, where they were earned, and the impact your service had on the community.
Save the Date: Home for Good – Re-entry Forum
Atlanta’s John Marshall Law School aims to prepare highly competent lawyers who are committed to the improvement of the legal system and society. This year, we are pleased to partner with Formerly Incarcerated Persons- Effective Re-Entry Collaborative (F.I.P.-E.R.C) to present the Home for Good: Overcoming Legal Barriers for Re-Entry Forum on Saturday, October 20, 2012 from 4 p.m.- 8 p.m. As a part of the forum, we have judiciously selected individuals, agencies and organizations that have supported the re-entry efforts by breaking down barriers, helping individuals and families’ transition, and advocate just treatment and transition that support preventing or reducing recidivism.
In addition to recognizing the individuals and organizations that are making great strides in the community, we will also facilitate an informative and interactive public discussion between academics, community, religious leaders, ex-offenders, government agencies, non-profit groups, and law students. The forum will culminate with the development of an action plan that will make the criminal justice system less devastating for families and communities impacted by incarceration. We look forward to convening organizations and individuals in an effort to create new partnerships and resources for those in need of services. Students please get involved. This event is eligible for pro bono credit.
Your Vote Counts
Registration to vote in the Presidential Election ends on October 9, 2012!
To register, you must be:
18 years old
A citizen of the U.S.
A legal resident of your county
NOT held to be mentally incompetent by a judge
NOT serving a sentence for a felony/crime involving moral turpitude
Visit the Georgia Secretary of State website for more info!
Contact the Pro Bono Office if you have any questions or need voter registration form!
Georgia Election Protection
Currently seeking volunteers to participate in voter protection program!
- Help ensure that all voters have a chance to participate in the election process!
- Excellent networking opportunity with large Atlanta firms and Atlanta attorneys at the State Bar and Troutman Sanders!
- Earn Pro Bono Hours while you protect voting rights!
For more information please contact Megan McClinton at smmcclinton@johnmarshall.edu or Lauren McAlpin at lrmcalpin@johnmarshall.edu.'Toy Story' park wows Japan as tourism rebounds
With the major players in Japan’s summer vacation season in the blocks and ready for the annual hectic sprint toward fall, a group of unlikely leaders is off to a flier at Tokyo Disney Resort’s new “Toy Story” attraction.
Woody, Buzz and a cast of thousands (maybe it just seems that way) from the movie series hit the track running July 9 at their new Toy Story Mania section of the park.
Long lines
Opening-day crowds faced waits of up to 400 minutes -- getting on for seven hours -- to sample a range of rides and games aimed at patrons even younger than those the resort usually attracts.
Lines at the ¥11.5 billion (US$144 million) attraction did shrink to a mere three hours later in the day, though.
More on CNNGo: Tourism flatlines as visitors avoid Japan
The discomfort of waiting in line aside, the initial popularity of the new Disney draw is just one of many encouraging signs for the Japanese tourist business.
After a tough post-quake 2011, the number of day-trippers and overnighters willing to hit the country’s two major theme parks appears to be rebounding.
Universal Studios Japan in Osaka says the second quarter of 2012 saw incoming visitors up 25 percent on a year earlier.
Tokyo Disney Resort -- it encompasses both DisneySea and Disneyland -- says June was a bumper month there too, with ticket sales equaling the previous record month of June 2010.
Heavy bookings
Meanwhile, the Nikkei newspaper [subscription link] reports summer prospects for the parks are rosy, thanks to advance bookings via travel agents that are as much as 60 percent up on 2011.
It quotes a spokesperson for the operator of the Disney resort as claiming its hotels are, “fully booked until the end of August.”
With more than 20 million theme-park visits already logged in the first quarter of this year, that outlook can only mean a photo finish to determine Japan’s podium-topping summer amusement spot.
More on CNNGo: Rebuilding Japan's tourist tradeWZRD (Kid Cudi x Dot Da Genius) - WZRD
"WZRD" is Cudi's third release, a creative offering fusing his standard sensitivity and introspection with the Rock production stylings of Dot Da Genius.
Where PM Dawn's soft spoken routine was shunned to no end in the early '90s, recent times have given rise to a subculture allowing today's generation to comfortably identify with artists straying from rap's hyper-masculinity and chauvinism. A primary example of this burgeoning alternative perspective has been Kid Cudi, (Drake and projects like Kanye West's 808s & Heartbreak to boot) as he has offered his innermost turmoil to the world despite the openness leaving his art subject to harsh backlash. WZRD is Cudi's third release, a creative offering fusing his standard sensitivity and introspection with the Rock production stylings of frequent collaborator Dot Da Genius.
Kid Cudi's latest exhibition simultaneously forges a new path and remains true to the spirit of his music's foundation. While WZRD is technically a departure from his Man On The Moon series, its familiarity comes in the form of Scott Mescudi following the direction his heart and soul guide him. Dot Da Genius (responsible for Cudi's breakout hit "Day n Nite") is the perfect foil for his angst, with musicianship reflective of studying Classic Rock and learning multiple instruments. Throughout the project, heavy guitars (reminiscent of Green Day, Foo Fighters and Nirvana) accentuate Cudi's nearly ambient and hypnotic voice, its topical polarity ranging from contentment to vulnerability in celebrating success and exorcising his demons. Where "High Off Life" alludes to triumphantly overcoming a well documented drug addiction and "Upper Room" finds him in a serene space, "Love Hard" and "Efflictim" detail his struggles with matters of the heart. Despite the artist sporadically bordering on a cocksure vanity and a few glaringly ill-advised ideas such as "Dr. Pill" (which personifies therapeutic medication), his musical explorations make for an interesting journey overall.
WZRD's strengths are rooted in Kid Cudi's vocal tone, one that is gripping and melodic despite his quite limited singing ability. While some could consider the gumption of Cudi's aesthetic on this album a byproduct of self-absorbed pretense, he appears to organically gravitate to earnest experimentation. His gift and curse is the courage that expands his creative boundaries, making way for personal subject matter that perpetually risks rendering listeners uncomfortable. For the time being, the ever rising sensation will likely continue hurdling disapproval of his sincerity and adventurous nature, as he has never aimed to reach one-dimensional mainstream Hip Hop listeners who are predisposed to shirking emotion.
{{ comment.author.name }}
{{ comment.author.name }}
{{reply.author.name}}
{{ reply.author.name }}Archives - June 2010
June 1, 2010
While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
June 1, 2010
Conventional wisdom tells writers to “write what you
know.” I say, write what you love. Write what you wish for.
The rest will follow.
June 2, 2010
Promote yourself, but do not demote another.
June 3, 2010
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said
nothing.
June 4, 2010
Don't think or judge, just listen.
June 5, 2010
I like to play blackjack. I'm not addicted to gambling, I'm
addicted to sitting in a semi-circle.
June 6, 2010
I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may
learn how to do it.
June 7, 2010
Part of being a hero is knowing when you don't need to be one
anymore.
June 8, 2010
Do not fear death so much, but rather the inadequate life.
June 9, 2010
Drama is life with the dull bits cut out.
June 10, 2010
The only time to eat diet food is while you're waiting for the
steak to cook.
June 11, 2010
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not
depend on us. We are not the only experiment.
June 12, 2010
Have you ever observed that we pay much more attention to a wise
passage when it is quoted than when we read it in the original
author?
June 13, 2010
The path to our destination is not always a straight one. We go
down the wrong road, we get lost, we turn back. Maybe it doesn't
matter which road we embark on. Maybe what matters is that we
embark.
June 14, 2010
Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am
far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true.
June 15, 2010
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to
go.
June 16, 2010
Honesty is the first chapter of the book of wisdom.
June 17, 2010
Appetite, with an opinion of attaining, is called hope; the same,
without such opinion, despair.
June 18, 2010
Feet, why do I need them if I have wings to fly?
June 19, 2010
We all learn by experience but some of us have to go to summer
school.
June 20, 2010
A father is a man who expects his children to be as good as he
meant to be.
June 21, 2010
The summer night is like a perfection of thought.
June 22, 2010
The lessons this life has planted in my heart pertain more to
caring than crops, more to Golden Rule than gold, more to the
proper choice than to the popular choice.
June 23, 2010
The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be
preserved by quotation.
June 24, 2010
I am an invisible man. I am a man of substance, of flesh and bone,
fiber and liquids -- and I might even be said to possess a mind. I
am invisible, understand, simply because people refuse to see
me.
June 25, 2010
In this unbelievable universe in which we live there are no
absolutes. Even parallel lines, reaching into infinity, meet
somewhere yonder.
June 26, 2010
It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you
die. That is true, it's called Life.
June 27, 2010
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.
June 28, 2010
No trumpets sound when the important decisions of our life are
made. Destiny is made known silently.
June 29, 2010
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.
June 30, 2010
The greatest gift we can give one another is rapt attention to one
another's existence.Atul Mathur, IMC
Meet Atul Mathur, Vice President of Technology at IMC. Late last year President Obama issued a directive calling for better electronic records management across the federal government, not just from agency to agency. Agencies now must submit new methods of maintaining records by March of this year. Read more about the memoradum here.
At present, agencies are not required to turn over records until 30 years after the fact. WashingtonExec asked Mathur his thoughts on the new initiative and where IMC capabilities fit into the President’s mandate.
Mathur also discussed with WashingtonExec the cybersecurity issues that come with bringing mobile technology into the enterprise.
“The directive focuses on maintaining accountability to the American public; immediately helping taxpayers save money, increasing accuracy and efficiency, reducing costs and switching from paper-based records to electronic records where feasible, all the while contributing to the knowledge transfer to future generations,” said Mathur.
WashingtonExec: How has the surge in mobile technology effected your business?
Atul Mathur: Mobile devices are making inroads everywhere – for personal and business usage. We’re constantly being asked by our customers and prospects to provision enterprise applications on mobile devices. But, one of the most crucial considerations in moving towards a mobile environment is that unlike enterprise applications which are bound by firewall and can be controlled on premises, mobile devices can be taken outside the physical boundaries of a business. On one hand, going mobile makes individuals more productive but on the other hand, we have to deal with Personally Identifiable Information (PII) which can easily be compromised through loss, theft, or interception. We are working with technologies that can help erase applications and data from mobile devices remotely in the event of a breach.
WashingtonExec: Why do you think this White House directive was so urgent?…May 2012 is quickly approaching.
Atul Mathur: The federal government’s framework for records management has primarily been based on paper and filing cabinets and it hasn’t really met the requirements for today’s needs – when so many records are created and maintained in electronic formincluding wikis, blogs, voice and social networking sites. This White House memo calls for large-scale transformation in how agencies maintain their records, working towards a government-wide effort to reform records management policies and practices.
And, Congress makes demands on federal agencies via paper communications and email messages and all communication needs to be stored as federal records. To this regard, if enough care isn’t exercised, we’re really risking a high cost of eDiscovery which can range from $30 to $300 per document.
It’s an imperative initiative because it helps enforce the backbone of Obama’s promise of Open Government, simultaneously paving the way towards sound, cost-effective records management. The directive focuses on maintaining accountability to the American public; immediately helping taxpayers save money, increasing accuracy and efficiency, reducing costs and switching from paper-based records to electronic records where feasible, all the while contributing to the knowledge transfer to future generations.
An added bonus, the agencies will be more prepared for the adoption of new technologies, including Mobile, Cloud and Social.
WashingtonExec: What does your company offer that no one else has? What does IMC offer that could contribute to this directive?
Atul Mathur: Over the last 30 years, we’ve seen the transformation of government records, and have built unique methodologies and guide the agency decision makers and C-level executives with key recommendations, including a technology roadmap for development of enterprise-wide archive for unstructured data.
We’ve had successes within the federal government and the commercial space where we’ve helped implement effective electronic Records Management, Archiving and eDiscovery.
Remember, we started building solutions in document-imaging centric days and we can relate to business decisions e.g. whether to capture & scan the documents: in the mail room or to scan them after an officer has read through it and marked for scanning. Similarly, in modern systems, what is the best point to capture email – when it arrives on the server or after someone has read it? What are best practices for de-duplication? We have gone through these exercises multiple times and were well positioned to make informed recommendations.
WashingtonExec: What do you think of copying the White House protocol of storing every personnel email? How do your offerings/plan compare to that?
Atul Mathur: Storing everything one receives is the easiest solution but it is most expensive. Based on empirical studies we’ve done, to manage 1 terabyte of data, it costs an enterprise approximately $30K per year. In addition, during the eDiscovery process, cost of sifting through large corpus of data is very high. We’ve helped in removing redundant, obsolete and trivial information before archiving a certain piece of content. For example, if an email is sent around to 6 officers at an agency, de-duplication of email and saving only one copy of the email in archive is most cost effective.We leave no stone unturned in seeking professional football news of any kind during the lockout, and that includes scanning the UFL’s transaction notices. And today those transactions include a couple of names you’ll recognize.
Maurice Clarett, the troubled former Ohio State star who signed with the Omaha Nighthawks after getting out of prison last year, is apparently returning to the team. He’s been added to Omaha’s active roster.
And Reggie Williams, the wide receiver who had a rocky tenure with the Jacksonville Jaguars after being selected ninth overall in the 2004 NFL draft, has been added to the active roster of the Sacramento Mountain Lions.
Omaha will play Sacramento on Sunday, August 14, in the season opener for both teams. We hope that weekend also features some NFL preseason action.
Frist to say now we have real football coverage will this big match up be on ESPN?
I’d rather see Arena Football news.
Most UFL stories could be written with a template.
“Former [NFL team(s)] [position] [name] has [signed/worked out] with [UFL team] in one last gasp to save his professional career.
[Last name] was a [round] draft pick in [year] and [statistics] before [getting arrested/injured/bad at football] in [year].”
Reggie Williams was a decent player when he wasn’t high on sticky icky. Unfortunately, that wasn’t very often.
Scraping the bottom of the barrel…
is Chuck Rogers still in jail?
I’m just glad I don’t get to watch UFL games. I got so tired of watching Reggie Williams jump up and do some “funky chicken shake my dreads” every time he caught a pass for a half-yard gain…..”And he just may go All The…..Nope, he trips on a blabe of grass!”
Duante Culpepper to Reggie Williams connection!
I am happy to see that Maurice is coming back to my Nighthawks. He is going to break out this year….and not from jail…in a big way.
Time to get my Goose onHerb Pharm, Oat Seed, Alcohol-Free,65
- UPC Code: 090900000651
-
- Herbal Glycerite Extract
- Avena sativa
- Fresh "Milky" Seed
- Herbal Dietary Supplement
We prepare our Oat Seed Glycerite.
Suggested Use
Shake well before using.
Two to five times per day take 30 to 40 drops in a little water.
Warnings
Keep out of the reach of children.
Our Oat Seed is never fumigated or irradiated.
Fresh herb / menstruum ratio: 1 : 2
Contains vegetable glycerine, distilled water & Oat Seed extractives.
Contains no alcohol.
iHerb Customer ReviewsMy!
We headed toward the strip and were surprised to see how close the airport is to the strip. We stayed at the Platinum Hotel just off the strip behind Bally's. It was wonderful. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. They greeted us warmly and stored out luggage as our room was not quite ready. They had valet parking and the attendants were always smiling and ready to get the car for us, or to get us a taxi. I never saw one person that did not have a smile on their face and never heard one word of discontent. They went out of their way to make our stay very pleasurable.
We walked next door to a convenience store and picked up a couple of sandwiches to tide us over! They actually were good. By the time we ate the sandwiches our room was ready for us. I was not prepared for the space! We had a gourmet kitchen with black countertops, stainless steel appliances - including a dishwasher and washer and dryer. There was a living room with a huge plasma screen television and two queen beds in the separate bedroom. In the bathroom there was a large closet, two sinks, a shower and jacuzzi tub. There was also a large balcony with a table and chairs. We also had free internet. I swear, my husband and I could live there.
Hubby and I decided to walk down to the strip which was about a 10 minute walk. I always felt very safe, but there is an area between the Platinum and Bally's that is an empty lot and it had a lot of broken beer bottles and glass scattered everywhere.
Our first stop was to see the Bellagio Fountains. They were beautiful. We saw the show in the day time and night time. Both were wonderful. Since it was Saturday night - it was crowded. Since I am a geriatric social worker I notice elderly people and was quite surprised to see so many older people in wheelchairs, walkers, canes everyplace! We went into our first casino at Bellagio and played some penny slots. Neither my husband nor I are gamblers and we didn't have a clue what we were doing, but it was fun.
We walked around the area by the Flamingo and Ballagio, Caesers Palace. We ended up just getting a hot sandwich for the evening meal in a mall area. We headed back to the room and spent a couple of hours swimming at the pool.
Sunday morning we slept in. I love that about vacations. No work - just relaxation. We decided to visit the Valley of Fire and headed out about 11:00. It took approx. an hour or so to arrive. The drive up there was very boring. I don't find the desert beautiful or entertaining - but once we got to the Valley of Fire that all changed. It was fantastic!
The red rocks were beautiful and the formations were interesting. It was nice to get out and walk around and we took a lot of photos! The ancient Indian petroglyphs were awe inspiring. When I noticed some grafitti around some of these ancient symbols, it made me so upset. I don't understand people sometimes, I really don't.
But most of the petroglyphs were in good shape and had been left alone. We drove to the different areas where you can walk and hiked down to see some petrified logs and also went on the Mouse Trail where there were more petroglyphs. It was hot, but not unbearable so. I can imagine in the summer how intense the heat must be in those canyons. This trip was very worthwhile. I would recommend it to anybody traveling to Las Vegas. We headed to a small town nearby and ate lunch at a McDonalds. Can you see a pattern here? So far a day and a half in Las Vegas and not one good meal yet!
Sunday evening we spent the evening going in and out of different casinos. We spent some time in the Flamingo and Bally's. We also went into the Venetian. This was my favorite casino out of all of them. It was beautiful! There is an area by the gondola rides where the sky is painted blue with clouds. It looks just like you are in an Italian city. Finally, a good meal. We ate at an Italian restaurant by the gondola rides. Hubby had wonderful salmon and I had the cannelonni. It was great to have a good meal finally.
After another restful night, Monday morning hubby had to go to his conference. I stayed in the room and slept in. Took a leisurely jacuzzi and got breakfast through room service. At noon hubby arrived back and we headed out to Hoover Dam.
This was an easy drive, although the last 6 miles or so were stop and go traffic. The new bridge is complete, but was not yet open, although it looked ready to open any time. The dam was amazing. To think that this kind of engineering marvel was constructed so many years ago was hard to imagine. We did not take the tour, but we walked all over and took a lot of photos.
Monday evening we went to the Luxor Hotel, Mandalay Bay and Excalibur. We had another good meal that evening. We never did go to a buffet as the lines were always extremely long. We spent some time in all of the casinos - but were not very successful. We went to the wax museum at Paris and I thought Johnny Depp was especially lifelike. We even went into the scream exhibit and I did scream!
Tuesday hubby had to go to the conference again so I went with him to Circus Circus. I spent a lovely few hours playing slot machines and watching circus acts and going to the midway. I even won a stuffed bear at the camel race!
Tuesday evening we went to the Fremont Street Experience. It was o.k. It was nice to see - but we didn't stay too long. It was loud - very loud! I was getting a little bit tired of all of the people and all of the noise and all of the stimulation. We did eat supper there at an Irish Pub and once again had an excellent meal. On the way back to stopped at Treasure Island and hit up a few more slot machines.
Wednesday we slept in. Had another good breakfast at the Platinum and said our goodbyes to the lovely people there. They told us they would keep the lights on for us for our next trip. It was so nice to have a quiet, smoke free environment to come back to for a break from all the chaos.
Our return to the airport was easy. Other than our luggage was 4 pounds overweight and they wanted to charge $90 for the 4 pounds. So I did transfer some stuff from the luggage to carry on. I had bought a wooden cactus for my daughter and that stopped me in security for some time since it had a solid wooden base. Finally they decided that I was not smuggling illegal drugs or explosives in the cactus and let me through! The flight home was fine, but upon landing in Minneapolis and walking outside - was a shock to the system as it was approx. 30 degrees cooler!
Overall my impression of Las Vegas - I did not appreciate all of the people trying to give out cards for "young sexy girls" and having to see all of these cards scattered on the ground everyplace. I would not ever consider bringing a young child to the strip area. I am glad that we never had a desire to visit Las Vegas while our kids were young. I did not enjoy the smoke. I live in a smoke free state and can't remember the last time that I had to shower upon coming home because of smelling like smoke. I am content that I have seen Las Vegas but really do not have much desire to ever return. There are a lot of other places in the world I need to see yet and so little
My!
You should have tagged this as a trip report. Don't know if you can, after the fact, or not.
I agree about the smoke, noise and sexy girl cards, the place would be nicer without them.
Lots of us use Vegas as a place to fly in and out of to explore some of the beautiful National parks in that part of the world. Sadly, the fares aren't as inexpensive as they once were.
Thanks for the report, it is a unique city that can be fun to experience.
Thanks for the report!
Emalloy - You said quote ' Noise, smoke sexy girl cards the place would be nicer without them'. Without the aforementioned it would be Chicago!! It's Vegas, we want all that and more, the sexier the sleazier, the noisier the better. What's with some posters who don't like gambling, or sexy advertising, why do they go, beats me, there are lots of other vacations to go on.
They go because it is one of the cheapest places to fly to and rent cars from to get to the fantastic National Parks in the area and there are some fun glitzy things to see in spite of the yuck. If you are coming from the east coast you usually need to spend a night in any case.
emalloy- fair point, and the reason it is so cheap is to attract the gamblers, the smokers the sex, so don't moan about it.
I haven't clicked on the site that peggymaio has put in a couple of threads where it doesn't seem like it fits. Is it an ad?
Very interesting, refreshing report. One question, though: has the wax museum moved to Paris? when we were there... maybe 6 years ago, it was outside next to Venetian.
Dayenu - I think you are correct. I got my hotels confused. Thanks for clearing that up.Cruising With Rosie is a 14 year old, 16.3 hand, bay, Irish Sport Horse, mare. Rosie has tons of show experience, winning in all three rings. She has shown…No Price Listed
Brie is an impressive Canadian Warmblood Mare that has been well schooled in dressage since September 2014 , with objectives set for the upper levels.…$27,500 CAD
Lokee HPH 2014 Black 3/4 (75%) Friesian Sport Horse colt Registered with the Friesian Heritage Horse & Sporthorse International Pedigree:…$8,000 CAD
PRICE REDUCED! Reggie is a 16.3h chestnut 10 year old Canadian Warmblood by Regardez. He has been to a few shows, placing Reserve & Champion in his…$17,500 CAD
Thought to be the only white born red based thoroughbred Friesian cross stallion!! A true rare gem! Legend looks like a pure Friesian, with the movement…$8,000 CAD
This Beautiful mare is sadly up for sale due to rider moving on. This mare is level 2 dressage trained with previous owner. She loads, clips, baths and…$13,000 CADJACKSON, MI — Good
morning, Jackson! Today is Friday, July 19.
Welcome to Jackson Current, your daily peek into stories we're working on and a look back at the latest news.
JACKSON BOY'S FIRST STEPS — It took four-and-a-half years for Carter Buffum to take his first steps, something that doctors said he might never do. Buffum has mitochondrial disease, which has resulted in a loss of motor control and caused cognitive impairment, cerebral palsy, seizures and gastro-intestinal disorders.
LANSING
AVENUE FIRE — Emergency crews were dispatched shortly after 6 p.m. to a home on Lansing Avenue for a fire. The front of the home was engulfed in flames and the cause is still under investigation. No one was inside the residence at the time.
MAN ARRESTED — A 60-year-old Bancroft man was arrested for criminal sexual conduct for having sexual relations with a young female relative in Henrietta Township in 2003. On Wednesday, July 17, police arrested the man.
LICENSING FEES — Select Jackson businesses may no longer be required to pay the city an annual licensing fee while others may pay less per year beginning in August. Jackson City Council members unanimously voted to move forward with lifting annual fees posted to choice businesses after officials took aim at what City Manager Patrick Burtch called "unnecessary" charges.
ALBION SCHOOL BOARD PRESIDENT TO RESIGN — Albion Public Schools Board of Education President Al Pheley announced he will step down from his post at the end of this month. Pheley took a new job with Allegiance Health in Jackson, but said he would still be very much involved in the Albion community.
LONGTIME ROSEQUEEN PAGEANT DIRECTOR DIES — Candie Hoch, who led the RoseQueen Pageant for nearly 40 years, died Thursday, July 18 after a short battle with cancer. Hoch touched the lives of many she encountered, including Rebecca Hilleary, the 2002 RoseQueen and current director of Miss Lighthouse Coast Pageant.
WASTEWATER TREATMENT PLANT — With the temporary withdrawal of Leoni Township from the Leoni Regional Utility Authority, members are trying to figure out how it will impact the authority and its plan to assume responsibility of the township's sewer plant.
That's it for this morning. Come back to MLive Jackson for more news throughout the day, and make sure to follow us on Facebook and Twitter.DLC Is Here To Stay: 20 Million Call Of Duty Map Packs Sold
Next Story
iPad Reader Pulse Teams Up With Posterous To Make You A News Aggregator.
Congratulations all around, I guess, as they have clearly put out a highly successful (and very fun) product, but I still feel like DLC being co-developed with a game is kind of like robbing the gamer before he’s even paid his money.
0
SHARESStaff Picks
Plastic! exhibitionVimeo
Majestic waterfalls of multicolored polymers framed by rolling meadows of glistening fiberglass. Distant oceans of rubber duckies, barbie dollies, and toy soldiers plume in tides crashing onto silicone beaches. Totems of Tupperware, bottle caps, and plastic dishes spiraling towards the manufactured heavens. Endless streams of photons etch specters onto light sensitive celluloid surfaces. Breathe in your daily carbon monoxide cocktail, delivered in such wonderful flavors of translucent shopping bags. Plastic! Wonderful, wonderful plastic. Tomorrow we sail off into the iridescent horizon on floating islands of automobile tires and inflatable mattresses. The visions within the exhibition Plastic! focus on celebrating the artificial. The non-organic. The fabricated. The polymer. The artists in the exhibition all work with materials or ideas outside of the sustainable, or the ecologically driven. Through their indulgence in the non-biodegradable, they sharply criticize our gilded synthetic culture; one hand in the recycle bin and the other in the Bugs Bunny cookie jar. Artists: Paula Gaetano Adi Chris Harvey Mindy McDaniel Seamus Liam O'Brien Ryan Roth Curated By: Fernando Orellana June 1st - 30th, 2012 Salem Art Works Salem, NYExhibitions & EventsConservation
Dancers in Repose Edgar Degas
Image Details
Image Details
Art + Authors: Book Discussions - The Good Lord Bird
Friday, July 18,.
The program is free with museum admission and free to residents of Macomb, Oakland, and Wayne counties. Pre-registration is required. To register, call the box office at 313-833-4005 or register online..Moderators: hunt-chessies, HNTFSH, swampbilly 1980, captainkevan
by Indaswamp » Mon Nov 18, 2013 11:40 pm
by Chaws » Wed Nov 20, 2013 9:48 am
by Locked&Loaded » Wed Nov 20, 2013 10:44 am
Chaws wrote:Dogs don't lose electrolytes because they don't sweat like humans.
Return to Hunting Dog Forum
Users browsing this forum: Google [Bot] and 12 guestsLooking to match Playaway titles with Books?
Learn more »
eBooksProvide young readers with sight and sound support through interactive eBooks that facilitate vocabulary development, comprehension, and fluency.
Learn more »
Turn To Tumble Products To Make Reading FunThe Tumble library of products provides a range of dynamic experiences for students of all ages—from animated, talking picture books, to read alongs, to full-length, unabridged classic audiobooks.
Learn more »
Find Us On Facebook
Find Us On TwitterTweets by @FollettLearning
 Woodbury Mini Pendant is available with the following:
- Translucent Stone glass shade
- Metal frame
- Oiled Bronze finish
- Round ceiling canopy
- Two 6" and two 12" stems (.5" diameter)
- 100" lead wire
- UL Listed
- One 100 Watt 120 Volt Medium Base Incandescent lamp (not included).
- Fixture: Height 7.5", Diameter 8"
- Suspension: Length Adjustable From 15.5", Adjustable To 45England's previous World Cup campaign at home saw them getting knocked out after the group games. Now, after the recent Ashes tour Hussain and his team face many problems, primary of which are the injuries.
Trescothick and Knight have both been successful in their own right at times though, Vaughan has been the star on stage in Test cricket. Their dilemma, now will be who to select. In South Africa where the pitches are more bowler-friendly, Vaughan may have to be the man to anchor the innings.
Hussain is talented but always gives the fielding side a chance early on. As a middle-order batsman, he has often got out prematurely thereby creating pressure on a brittle lower order.
Flintoff and Irani are the two all-rounders in the side and will play a vital role if England are to have a successful World Cup. Irani will rely on his length, variation in speed and some swing to curtail run scoring, while Flintoff should get bounce because of his height.
The evergreen Alec Stewart not only brings vast experience to the team but also toughness that at times has been lacking in English cricket. The fact that he plays well off the back foot makes him a tough customer in South African conditions and he has demonstrated this on previous tours to this country.
If England are to perform at their best, "Stewie" will need to guide the team through tough times.
England's fast bowlers certainly do not create any fear in the minds of top batsmen that they will encounter. Caddick should get good bounce but has been erratic of late and Hoggard, who played provincial cricket in Bloemfontein for a period, will need to get the ball in the right area from the outset. Lack of much pace or bounce will certainly make him someone who will be targeted.
The fact that coach Duncan Fletcher knows the South African conditions, will go a long way in assisting England in the planning. However, good platforms to allow middle order batsmen to play with freedom are critical in South Africa and this will be the real test for them.
The Pool that England are drawn in is by far the tougher of the two. Normally they battle to adjust to pitches that have extra pace and bounce but the fact that they have just spent the last few months playing in Australia will have prepared them better than India, Pakistan and the rest with the exception of the Aussies. Their opening game, however, cannot be taken for granted.
They come up against a Zimbabwean team that will be emotionally charged up and with a point to prove. A bad start in this match could very well end their campaign right there and then. This in itself means that the encounter with Zimbabwe will be like a final and not just a game against any of the weaker teams.
Somehow, England always seem to lack the ability to respond to the big time, and critics this time, will be waiting to see if the team has transformed itself since the last World Cup. (TCM)In this documentary, actual American soldiers and others re-enact a real Korean War operation, with some real battle footage, filmed some time before the actual truce. The story: with peace supposedly imminent, Lieut. Thompson and 13 men of his platoon are ordered on a deep scouting mission to check for last-minute treachery. Assorted perils are encountered, ending with a decidedly un-peaceful battle. Written by Rod Crawford <puffinus@u.washington.edu>
Warning: This is a bad review for "Cease Fire" from personal experiences.
I was in Chorwan Valley, Korea with the 7th Infantry Division Combat Signal Company in 1953. I was a radio repairman and My job was to help keep lines of communication open between combat units when the "Cease Fire" film crew was there to make the film. In the military the service creed is your a rifle man first and everything else is second. I don't mind telling you it enraged us tremendously that people in USA thought the Korean war was such a cake walk to make the first true to life combat film. Lots of G.I.'s were still getting killed and some from our unit.
The movie was not shot on the front lines ( MLR Main Line of resistance) as some people might have thought. Today it is the demilitarize zone between North Korea and South Korea. They wanted to shoot there but the North Koreans and Chinese were not a fan of theirs and threw some live rounds their way so they took themselves way back to the rear areas where there was no war.
The 7th division's military campaign at the end of the war was to keep the enemy out of Chorwan valley and the Chinese communist job was get into Chorwan valley in mass with their tanks that were rendered obsolete in mountain country.
They tried very hard but didn't make it but a few times they almost did. Pork Chop hill was one of the many hills that was smack dab in the way. Some of the famous hills along side were Old Baldy white horse, alligator, castle rock were near where a lot of major assaults took place before the war ended. Castle rock was the highest point so from the top a person could look down and scan the war zones for miles. Sometimes it was so quiet it was scary. It must have been the lull of the war at times and the ideal spot where the film crew reconnoitered but the war would flair up like a roman candle and people were getting killed near there.
A North Korea/Chinese assault usually came at night with loud speakers blaring, thousand of enemy screaming and careening across no mans land,artillery blasting each other, night flares lighting the skies like daytime, machine gun fire, search lights scanning, and all of us shooting at the onslaught that sometimes turned into hand to hand combat. I was spared some of the combat because if it got to hot we could take our communication repair truck back to a safer area.
The worst artillery exchange in the whole stale mate came hours before the cease fire agreement at ten o:clock. Both sides had to turn in all their ammo by noon time the next day. Nobody wanted to repackage loose artillery rounds so they shot them all off. That night was second to my longest night ever spent. My longest night ever spent was the next night when we didn't have any ammo and didn't trust the enemy. I could almost hear ants crawling all night. Those two nights were almost worse than combat themselves. We had our rifles but no ammo and we were so jumpy the next day after a sleepless night in a fox hole we were running into each other when the sun came up.
After the war we set up camp in Chorwan Valley about 30 miles south of what became the demilitarize war zone. Life was safer, easier, food was good and we were able to watch movies. One night some body got a hold of that "Cease Fire" film and decided to show it. I never laughed so hard in my whole life at something that was suppose to be serious. The acting was terrible, story line only scratched the surface of the whole cease fire episode, and I took a personal note of the whole thing. We started to boo the movie until they finally shut it down and put something else on.
I respect the actors but I criticize the producers for making real troops look like morons.The acting was below third rate the story line was not indicative of a squad patrol in the last days of the war. For one,we had patrols in no mans land only which was generally flat terrain. A patrol coming back through our lines had to worry more about trigger happy people than the enemy. We had outposts in no mans land that communicated with patrols, and the list goes on.The only reasons of patrols was to scout what the enemy was doing to reinforce their trenches or getting ready for an assault. Once in a while our patrol would meet an enemy patrol in no mans land and then look out. The location should have been something like world war one with trenches on forward slopes of hilly terrain facing no mans land that varied from 200 to 1000 yards of flat lands between military forces dug in on opposing hill sights. Their scenes missed the most important reasons why we were there by not showing the final desperate Chinese assaults on our trenches trying to get into Chorwan valley before the war ended. We were simply not going to let that happen and they finally got the message. The producers missed the whole point, and as as a matter of fact they were way off just before and after the end of the war.
A title something like, "Korean Combat Patrol" with real movie stars and not robot acting would have sufficed, and re-enacting scenes wouldn't be important. The producers wouldn't be obligated to show the whole scenario to back up a title "Cease Fire" with strong suggestions it was a real combat movie about the real cease fire conditions in Korea.Endless Summers
It's just before 10 a.m., and four teenagers are jamming out their second Led Zeppelin tune of the day. On drums, Needham's own Alex Freedman is doing his best John Bonham imitation, beating drums with sticks as thick as his arms. Corey Francer of Sharon provides the backbone on bass, while guitarist Ben Peskoe of Briarcliff, New York, slams power chords, his amplifier turned up as far as it goes. Matt Pollack of Sudbury screeches lyrics into the microphone, his voice rattling the windowpanes of the wooden shack we're standing in.
“A whole lotta lovvve!!!”
At Camps Kenwood-Evergreen in rural Potter Place, New Hampshire-sleep-away camps for boys and girls, respectively-it's a typical morning. The band is practicing for “Hollowpallooza,” a rock show, put on by kids, that will take place in a week in the Hollow, a grassy nook with a hill that creates a natural amphitheater. The show is one of the highlights of the summer. The band finishes the song, and I move in, reporter's pad in hand. “What's the name of the band?” I ask Pollack, the singer.
“What?”
“I said, what's the name of the band!”
“We're called Three Jews and a Pollack. We're the rockers of camp. This is the best part of the summer. It's the greatest idea ever! It's so great. . . . ” He searches the ether for a superlative that could finish the sentence, then says, “What was the question?”
Tuck, a cartoonish 28-year-old music teacher with a shaved head, chimes in: “One more time. Let's give it a little more. . . . “
One! Two! Three! The band kicks in, the windowpanes rattle, my eardrums threaten to burst. One thing is for sure: These kids couldn't get away with this kind of fun at this time of day in their suburban hometowns. Not a chance.
Times have changed since I went to Camp Kenwood for seven summers starting in 1981 at age nine. We didn't have electric guitars and synthesizers. There was no rock concert with digital video cameras to capture the event. Essentially, we had flashlights with batteries. Our guitars were in fact tennis rackets and lacrosse sticks.
The journey back begins with two old camp friends on a hot night at a bar in downtown Boston a few days before my visit. Most people have to dig up childhood friends. These guys? They're on my speed dial.
“Camp was the most gratifying, esteem-building experience of my childhood,” says David Wiener, 33, a lawyer at Palmer & Dodge who spent 12 summers as a camper and a counselor.
Oliver Segal, 32, a teacher at the Solomon Schechter Day School in Newton who spent eight summers at camp, says: “Think about how much fun it was, playing after school with your friends at home. Now imagine having that much fun all the time. Day after day, night after night, for seven straight weeks.”
There's a common theme that runs through camp memories-an innocence, a sense of pleasure and comfort that none of us, we agree, has ever managed to find anywhere else, ever again. But what exactly was it? How to define it?
The American Camping Association has undertaken a study in an attempt to quantify the impact of a camp experience. About 8 percent of America's youth attends some kind of summer camp. “We're trying to provide some credibility to those warm fuzzy stories, some hard data,” says Peg Smith, the ACA's executive director. “These experiences that look like just fun have a profound impact on these kids in terms of their ability to cope with things and to understand who they are in relation to others.”
Smith emphasizes that, while camps these days can be expensive-a summer at Kenwood-Evergreen, for example, goes for up to $7,200, more than double what it cost in the early 1980s-kids benefit from all kinds of camp experiences, including those at the lower end of the price range. There are day camps, sleep-away camps, one-week camps, and four-week camps. There are golf camps, theater camps, and camps for budding young stock analysts or comedians.
As the price of high-end camps has gone up, other things have changed, too. Parents now expect-and get-elaborate facilities, including Little League-sized, lighted replicas of Fenway Park, working Viking ships, radio stations, animation studios, climbing towers, scuba programs, and golf courses. Staff training is intensive, and counselors are closely vetted (by law in Massachusetts). Such demands-and competition from specialty programs like computer camps, football camps, and weight-loss camps-have conspired to put dozens of traditional camps out of business. But, having added all of these amenities, New England's best camps continue to attract the children of America's elite.
Something else has changed, too: the way parents choose a camp. Today, consultants help match campers to summer programs at no cost to the family (they're paid commissions by the camps). And parents are encouraged to visit a camp in person the year before they're ready to ship their kids off for the summer. It's like the college tour for the SpongeBob set.
The ACA's study should be out sometime later this year. I figured I'd do some research on my own, take a trip back in time to try to pinpoint exactly what it was that makes me so nostalgic for those long-ago summers. Ten years had passed since I'd seen the place. I had looked forward to exploring the nuances, but had come seeking something far more particular. What I saw was not what I expected; what I found was exactly what I was looking for.
Maya Perry, 12, is wearing underwear on her head. She and her friends are dancing to a Michael Jackson tune in Spruce Lodge, a creaky wooden bunk built back in 1952. They're twirling and shimmying, practicing for tonight's lip-synch competition. It's not going too well: No one can seem to do the actual lip-synching because they can't stop laughing.
“At school, you have to keep up your social status!” says one girl. “Here, you can be yourself! You can be a freak, and no one cares!” (Yes, everything these kids say is an exclamation. Really!)
Almost every kid who shows up at this camp comes back the next summer. And the one after that. In my time, there were about 200 campers at Kenwood-Evergreen. Now there are close to 300. They hail from all over the country. Most of the counselors are former campers, except for those who come from Europe or Down Under on summer-exchange programs.
I stop off at Eagle Pond to watch a few 11-year-old boys test out a new tube. They're getting dragged behind a boat at 20 miles per hour. Even from the dock, I can spot the whiteness of their teeth. They're laughing so hard, they can't shut their mouths.
“Hey, kid, how's the new tube?” I ask one tuber, Joel Kruger.
“It's so cool!” says Joel, whose mother is one of the camp's two doctors, on call 24-7. “It's like floating on a jelly doughnut that bounces in the water,” says another boy. “You should try it!”
Ask kids what they love about camp, and they all basically echo what 15-year-old Ben Gifford of Newton, a seven-year veteran, tells me: “I don't know what it is. I just like everybody. When you live with kids, you get to know everything about them. The relationships are different than with your home friends. Here, it's just about people having a good time together.”
Beneath some swaying evergreen boughs, Scott Brody sits on a bench, clipboard in hand. When I was a camper here, Scott was a counselor. Now the 38-year-old ex-litigator owns the camp. His face is one of many still familiar to me: Judy Sharenow, Phyllis Dank, Jacki Mitchell. In turn, it's remarkable how they remember my age, my sister's name, and my favorite activities, even though I haven't seen them in more than a decade. As Scott talks about what's involved in running a summer camp, I realize how little I knew about what was going on around me when I was young, how pleasantly oblivious I was.
Creating the camp experience is not unlike making a film. A huge amount of planning, investment, and staffing goes into fashioning this world. If the job is done well, the campers experience the world without recognizing that it's entirely fabricated.
“Every element is designed for kids to grow,” says Brody. “The staff we choose, the actual layout of the camp, the schedules-everything. It takes all year long to plan. And when the kids come, they don't even know it.”
And the goal?
“The number one value here is to be a good friend. That's the essence, the magic. We play a lot of sports. Competition is good. But learning to be supportive of other competitors is good too.”
Though camps are meant to be retreats from the real world, they're not immune from the issues of modernity. The ACA has held forums on terrorism and the safety of children in a world rattled by kidnappings and sexual abuse. Assuring parents that their 8-year-olds are in good hands is a serious issue for camp directors. To help reassure parents, many sleep-away camps have created websites on which snapshots of the kids are posted every day. Parents need a password to get into the site. At Kenwood-Evergreen, the camp's retired director and former owner, Arthur Sharenow, a long-time photographer, wanders the grounds each day shooting new pictures.
Diversity is also an issue, especially at high-end camps. An increasing number of camps offer scholarships to kids from abroad and from inner cities. Last year, directors at Kenwood-Evergreen, which has long had a scholarship program, launched Mickey's Kids, a new program named after the camp's beloved longtime leader, Mickey Dank, who died in 2002. Dank's friends hold a golf tournament every fall to raise money to send inner-city kids to camp. Once a child is selected, he or she is offered a full ride not just for one summer, but for his or her entire youth up to the age of 15.
Tonight's the big night: the lip-synch competition. In the Rec Hall-a little theater with wooden benches, screen windows to keep out the mosquitoes, and a stage-the director of the girls' camp, Phyllis Dank, calls up the first group. “All right girls!” she yells. “Let's start with . . . “
This time around, there's no underwear on heads. These girls mean business. They strut, they spin, they gaffe through song after song, and the entire hall erupts with laughter.
The next group pulls out every move in the book-spinning, high kicking, all of it in unison. An hour later, every girl in the house has stepped onto the stage and given it her all.
At the end of the contest, no particular group wins. Around here, everybody wins. And as is custom at the end of a day, the campers launch into song and start laughing and hugging as if this were the best day they've ever lived. The new campers learn all the camp songs within their first week. They're the same songs I learned that first summer more than 20 years ago. What the hell! Might as well join in.
And just like that, I realize what the magic is. Looking around, it's clear that these girls aren't shy. Around here, the idea of self-consciousness does not exist. It's as if that feeling has been stripped from their vocabulary of emotions. Imagine it: a world without an inner dialogue, devoid of social discomfort, of second-guessing oneself. Where else can a 32-year-old man feel perfectly comfortable clapping his hands with 9-year old girls, singing old showtunes at the top of his lungs, hitting the high notes in two-part harmony?
“Oh, when the saints . . . go marching in . . . oh, when the saints go marching in . . .”
The Best Camps
Research by Shannon Ringvelski.,.]
ADVERTISEMENT?. Thanks -- This message has been scanned for viruses and dangerous content by MailScanner, and is believed to be clean.NDL-Law defines that NDL is the sole depository library of Japanese gov't documents. The deposition of the central gov't agencies is made through NDL's 35 Branch libraries. Their new computer system, the Branch Libraries Network System, is under way. I am not sure that it will be open to the public near future. I would like to point out here that deposition from each agency does not meet the level that the Law intended. Some examples are:
If you are not looking for the most current information, this is a good place to check. The Center is a depository library for government documents collected by special libraries. I believe that many of you may be familiar with the Gray Literature Detective Club. Five years after acquisition, Gray Literature Detective Club companies transfer information to the Hosei University Center. There are very interesting and very gray documents there and the online catalog is available at the Center.Earthquake experts have warned that the devastating quake that struck Haiti on January 12 could be the first of several in the region, which means the region is at risk of more large tremblors.
According to a report in New Scientist, historical records suggest that not all the energy that has built up in the faults running through the Caribbean region was released in the Haiti quake.
Their fear is that enough energy remains in the fault system to trigger another earthquake of the same scale as the one on January 12.
The last time Haiti was struck by earthquakes of this scale was in 1751 and 1770, when three large earthquakes hit within the space of 20 years.
They ruptured the same fault segment as the one that slipped on Jan. 12, as well as segments lying further to the east, in Haiti and the neighbouring Dominican Republic.
"Last time round there was a sequence of earthquakes," said Uri ten Brink, an expert on earthquakes in the region from the US Geological Survey in Woods Hole, Massachusetts.
"I'm worried, as we might expect the eastern side of the fault to rupture next," according to other geologists.
"Stress transfer along the fault is likely to trigger a chain of quakes," said Bill McGuire from University College London.
Another, larger earthquake could affect surrounding nations as well.
The fault that was responsible for the Haiti quake extends west through Jamaica. Another runs parallel to it in the north, along the southern edge of Cuba and the northern side of Haiti and the Dominican Republic.
Historical records suggest that both these faults produce large and destructive earthquakes every few centuries.
"They are dangerous especially when large population centres like Port-au-Prince, Kingston in Jamaica or Santiago in the Dominican Republic are so close to them," said Paul Mann from the University of Texas at Austin.
The region harbours a third fault to the east, which is a further cause for concern.
Measurements over several decades show that the sum of all earthquakes that strike on "splinter faults" on the Caribbean plate have accounted for around half of the energy associated with this movement, leaving the other half stored up in the system..Best Eats in Park Slope
I believe that is because it's nothing special and quite overpriced. We went there once and found the food surprisingly bland (not terrible, just eh) and the service disinterested and unaccommodating. Besides, I think their menu is limited for a Korean (or for that matter European) establishment. Save your cabbage and head into Manhattan for good Korean.
Red Hook Soccer Fields - Any less crowded?
I totally agree. I was there last weekend and it was really unpleasant. Besides, I think the long lines and extra demand has caused the quality to suffer. It's starting to really feel like a tourist trap. I won't be going back for awhile.... Too bad.
Where to buy fresh fish in Park Slope?
I think the fish there generally is very good, particularly the monk fish, scallops and shrimp. It is expensive though.
Kellari's Parea Greek Bistro, Flatiron....
Late Night Eats in Park Slope
IMHO you are way off about 7th Ave Donuts. It's probably the best PS diner option, which admittedly might not be saying much. Little Purity seems to becoming more and more popular, but it doesn't have the old school, basic diner fare appeal of 7th Ave Donuts. It's not terrific, but it's certainly not miserable....
eating in Staten Island- where to go?
Basilios is a terrific old-style Italian restaurant near the Verazzano Bridge.
good Polish deli to buy food for Easter?).
New restaurant at site of Laila
With all due respect, IMO the place should have been condemned a long time ago. I only hope that Olive Vine suffers a similar fate....
Zum Stammtisch (Queens) vs 'Allo Berlin (Manhattan)?
I've been to both places a bunch of times, and while Chalet Alpina is very good, I don't think it really measures up to Zumm in terms of the food and overall atmosphere. The sauerbraten at Zumm is still tops for me. But I certainly respect your opinion and could see why you would prefer Chalet Alpina. BTW, to the original poster's question, either blows away Hallo Berlin. The only German food restaurants I would now consider going to in Manhattan are Zum Schneider and Lederhosen, with Heidelberg as a lingering possibility only due to fond memories of ridiculous evenings spent there....
Scalino - new Ital. place in Park Slope
That's a really terrific dish. I assume the owners/staff were their usual accommodating and attentive selves.
Best Brunch in Park Slope?
I think some of Dizzy's breakfast options, like the pecan amaretto french toast, are actually pretty good. Plus they're accommodating and do provide a free muffin basket. It's certainly not the best spot, and I'm not all that wild about the place, but I wouldn't say it's awful or horrible.... At the very least, their musical choices are pretty good!
what is new on 7th avenue in the slope?.
Belleville, Cocotte, Moutarde - Similar, which is best?.
Chopped Liver...
I went to Sammy's a few nights ago. The chopped liver was excellent.
Best Italian Sandwiches in Brooklyn?
You're a good man! :-)
Hi. Just to respond quickly -- while I thank you for making feel young, I'm no spring chicken (born in '68), and, in my opinion, they're just not that great relative to what's offered in other parts of the City -- and certainly fall short when compared to the bagels I grew up eating in Queens and Manhattan in the 70s and 80s.... When you throw in the lousy service and all the screw-ups, it's just not worth the trip for me anymore. If you're in that neck of the woods, you might as well go to Connecticut Muffin! Again, just an opinion........
Park Slope Delivery Favorites
I would go with Red Hot for Chinese. With all due respect to Parkslopemama, I actually think it is very good....
Disappointing 718....
Suggestions for Annivesary Italian Dinner in Queens
I second that. What a gem of an experience. The rabbit dish is unbeatable....
Queens recs: family friendly for couple with a new baby
My wife, 18-month old sone and I had dinner at Chalet Alpina, an old German mainstay on Metropolitan Ave., and found the staff to be very accommodating. The food was pretty solid as well, and reasonably priced. You won't be disappointed....
Best Rotisserie Chicken in Park Slope and Surrounding...
I like the chicken and sides at Russo's, as well as the chicken at Fairway, but I think the best overall deal in terms of quality and price is at Los Pollitos II.
Most underrated in Park Slope?
The Ecuadorian restaurant, Salinas, on 5th and I think 12th or 13th is a pretty solid take-out/delivery option. I have always found it to be a great bang for my buck. I typically order the fish and onions in yuca sauce, along with the arroz con pollo and their delicious house salad (which is an eclectice combo of fresh vegetables and, believe it or not, potato chunks). Really delicious. I will note, however, that the folks who work there barely speak English, and the timing of their deliveries can be spotty, but be patient -- it'll really be worth it.
Good French in Park Slope/Ft. Greene?
Belleville isn't bad....
Any great muffins in Brooklyn?
While I think their scones are great, I have found their muffins to be mediocre at best....
Best restaurant in Brooklyn?
Of course Peter Luger's is worth the wait for a rez. It is still hands down the best steakhouse in NYC -- from a variety of perspectives -- in spite of the occassional hiccup. I couldn't agree more with Bob. The bacon appetizer and porterhouse are still legendary and still unbeatable in my mind.
New Orleans on Atlantic
Hi. I was riding in a cab on Atlantic Ave. the other night and noticed what seemed to be a New Orleans themed restaurant. It looked interesting and was wondering if it was any good?
Helios - Park Slope
That's too bad. I've had their souvlaki and salads for brunch and have always found them to be good. I think their biggest challenge is that they are a "tweener" -- they're a cross between a glorified diner and a Greek restaurant. It's owned by the same folks who own Elia in Bay Ridge, which is an excellent, very authentic Greek restaurant, and I think that somewhere along the way they wouldn't or couldn't replicate the model at that particular location in the Slope.
Windsor Terrace for a chowhound?
I consider Windsor Cafe to be a notch or two above decent, certainly better than any diner in the South Slope. I enjoy the Mediterrean Wrap.... I also second United Meats....
About/Contact CHOW |
Posting Guidelines |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of Use951 comments found
Hi,
I really like this theme. Thanks!
I’ve a few questions.
- When I’m at the page of a post, the menu-item ‘News’ isn’t active anymore, while the post belongs to ‘News’. How can I make the menu-item ‘News’ stay active when I’m at the post?
- On the page of a post are two similar titles. The first one is a H1 title and below that title is a H2 title. I want to change this H1 title in the name of the overarching page (in this case: ‘News’)
- The H2 title of a post is clickable, but it refers to the same page. How can I make this H2 title unclickable?
Hope you can help me! Thanks in advance. AZ
1. Mm. I can’t find it. It looks like the posts are generated of the homepage, because when I look at the breadcrumbs it is: Home > Postname > Postname.
2. Yes, I mean the Intro Text Box section. When I change it in the theme options, I have to choose for ‘Text / HTML’. But then I can use just one title (for example: News). I also have to use it at my event page (the events are also posts) and then the intro text has to be ‘Agenda’. How can I make a difference between these two intro texts?
3. Ok. I will send you an e-mail. Thanks!!
Hi, I bought the Natural wordpress theme. I have a question. What is the easiest way to center our logos in the header area. It seems the only option is left justified. Thanks
please help -is it possible to add “read more” under our blog posts, im using the shortcode [recent posts] but cant seem to add read more without using the image list.
thanks
The [recent_posts] shortcode doesn’t have that option. I can help you with adding it – please send me an e-mail using the contact form on our profile page.
Hi ! I would like to delete the LOGO on the top of the page! cause I don´t need any logo for the HOME site. And It is not possible to have a Logo for all the other pages exclude the HOME page – right?
so how can I delete the LOGO on the top in General? Cause if I don´t have any logo – “natural theme” Logo is on the top. Thank you for your help and support!
Sabrina
#logo { display: none; }If you want to remove logo only from the home page, please send me an e-mail using the contact form on our profile page and I’ll send you instructions.
What font was used in the demo’s menu?
How do I disable comments entirely?
Your question is not about the theme, but about WordPress.
Hi, I purchased this theme and when I went into a page post to use the button or icon button shortcodes. I filled out the options underneath and hit the “insert shortcode” button back at the top (b/c I didn’t see anything under the options panel), but it’ll insert just the main piece of code with “undefined” options.
Can you tell me if I’m doing something wrong? (I’m using Google Chrome on a Mac if you need to know.)
1) Thank you for the quick response! 2) That did the trick—thank you for your help!
Hi e404,
I’ve enabled the fonts replacement with Google Web Fonts. I’m using the font ‘Lato’, but it doesn’t display correctly in Internet Explorer 10 (screen resolution: 1280×720). What can I do to fix this?
I’ve also another question. At this moment it’s folded, but I want to display the full search form. Is this possible?
Thanks in advance! AZ
What do you mean by “doesn’t display correctly”? I don’t have an access to a PC with IE10, so I can’t check it by myself. By the way: did you check how this font looks in IE10 when browsing the Google Fonts website?To display the search form by default add the following code to the Custom CSS box (Theme Options -> Styling Options):
#search-input { display: inline-block !important; width: 116px !important; }
Thanks for the code for the search form. Great!
I’m sorry, I didn’t know this theme doesn’t official support IE10. But I don’t know if thats the problem. Maybe it’s the screen resolution. The font is displayed blurry, a bit grainy. The font looks normal on the Google Fonts website..
Ok. Good to know. Thanks!
I want to have my posts that appear on the homepage read “News & Insights” rather than Recent Posts. Right now I have both listed… can you tell m ehow to edit the recent posts label?
& Insights[/h2]
recent_posts number=”4” limit=”200” show_thumbnails=”false” show_dates=”true”
[recent_posts number="4" limit="200" show_thumbnails="false" show_dates="true" title="Your title here"]You can of course set the empty title.
By the way: you can find all available shortcode parameters in the theme documentation and in the shortcode generator.
hi. great theme, im new to wordpress and decided on your theme to pop my WP cherry.
my main question is there any advice/tutorials on using your theme in WP, ive looked over basic WP tutorials & have grasped it, but your theme seems to have a different set up in places so i go around in circles, with simple things.
regards
Dr Matt
hello,
when i go to i get this error. Warning: Cannot modify header information – headers already sent by (output started at /var/www/vhosts/maximumtennis.nl/httpdocs/wp-content/themes/natural/functions.php:1) in /var/www/vhosts/maximumtennis.nl/httpdocs/wp-includes/pluggable.php on line 875
how can i fix this?
The trouble started after installing gravity forms. I didn’t edit the functions.php myself. I’ve sent an email with ftp login to support@e404themes.com
thank you so much
Hi,
Our vimeo on the homepage does not show in IE9. The following message appears (see screenshot)
Do you have any idea what’s going on here?
Ok. Good to know. Thanks for your quick reply!
Hi there,
I cannot get the Natural Tweet sidebar / Twitter-related shortcodes to show any Tweets … please help
Thank you – I will investigate the options you provided
hi, just a quick question..
i want to hide the page titles and have seen that you put // in front of the title in the page template in the editor section
however this is not hiding the page titles, and im not sure if its because the pages are mostly set as the default template, but this is not available in the editor?
thanks
thank you, although it wasn’t checked anyway, and checking it then unchecking it didn’t work either…
i also just added the all in one seo pluggin and expected it to display at the bottom of each page, as per the explanations but its not working so im not sure what im doing wrong
thanks
matt
Hi guys,
I really like your theme. Thanks!
I’ve a few questions. Can i add on the homepage just a welcome text box with picture and text?
thanks
Libera
HI, can yu please let me know how I can implement the Wide Header Slider? I cannot find the way so far. thanks
I read also this but still I cannot set my slider. Can you please help me?? You can set up the Wide Header Slider in the Header Options box on the post/page edit screen. You can find more details in the theme documentation (Custom Headers section).
which is the code to use?
I did attached the images to homepage. Yes I picked the Slider options. Which is the code to use between them?
[flexslider] – displays slides [flexslider_images] (images list) [/flexslider_images] – displays custom images [flexslider_gallery] – displays images attached to a post/page [eislideshow] – displays slides [eislideshow_images] (images list) [/eislideshow_images] – displays custom images [eislideshow_gallery] – displays images attached to a post/page [responsiveslides] – displays slides [responsiveslides_images] (images list) [/responsiveslides_images] – displays custom images [responsiveslides_gallery] – displays images attached to a post/page
If you want to set up a header slider you don’t have to use shortcodes – just pick the Slider option in the Header Options box.
If you need my help with that please send me your WP admin panel login and password using the contact form on our profile page.
which code do I have to use to attach my slide images to the home page?
ok the question HOW DO I ATTACH MY SLIDER TO THE PAGE? I miss this step …not clear!
I got it! please can you tell us HOW DO I ATTACH MY SLIDER TO THE PAGE? i feel stupid …i still didi not get it!!
Please don’t scream…
You need to attach images to your page. I have already told you how to do that – I really don’t know how to explain it better. Just edit your page, click the ‘Add Media’ button, upload your image and close the media window (you don’t have to insert these new images to the page).
1. On our demo website it works as expected (please check an example, so on your website this issue is probably caused by your own modification or some installed plugin.
2. I suppose you mean the Intro Text Box section. You can manage this section using the theme options panel (Theme Options -> Intro Text Box).
3. You need to modify a blog template (index.php). If you don’t know how to do that please send me an e-mail (the TF comments system breaks pasted code).- Online 0 locations
- On DVD 1 available
- On TV 1 showing
- Cast & Credits 20 people
Dead Heat on DVD
DVD, released in 2001
Missed something you like? LocateTV finds catchup TV so you don't have to! Look for the "Online" tab on our TV show and people pagesWhat to Do When Long-Term-Care Insurance Premiums Rise
I received a letter from John Hancock insurance company letting me know that the annual premium on my long-term-care policy will increase by 68.14% on March 27. My wife received a similar letter advising her that her long-term-care premium will increase by 76.99%. What should we do?
SEE ALSO: Special Report on Long-Term Care
This is the John Hancock rate hike that we first wrote about two years ago -- it took that long for regulators in some states to approve the premium increase. Plus, the increase doesn’t take effect until your policy is up for renewal, so it’s just starting to kick in for many people this year. John Hancock raised rates on some policies by as much as 90%, but a more typical increase was 40%. 5% compound inflation protection down to 3.2% or 2.7% -- and keeping their premiums the same. That still gives you a good deal of coverage, but it’s important to do the math. Calculate what the total payment would be when you’re most likely to need long-term care -- perhaps at age 80 -- under both assumptions. "The 5% compound inflation doubles the benefit every 15 years, and the 3%.
Another option is to keep the inflation protection the same but reduce your daily benefit or the benefit period. The average claim is for about three years, so reducing your benefit period from five years or more down to three or four years can cut your premiums (especially if you have lifetime benefits) and still provide ample coverage in most situations. However, consider keeping the longer-term policy if you have a family history of long-lasting conditions, such as Alzheimer’s disease, which can last for ten years or more. (See Does Insurance Cover Alzheimer’s Care? for more information.) You may also be able to reduce your premiums by extending the waiting period, but keep in mind that the cost of care -- and the amount of money you’d have to pay out of your own pocket before benefits kick in -- will also increase with inflation.
Advertisement
If you carefully calculated how much coverage to get when you first bought the policy, it’s generally best to pay the higher premiums rather than cut back on coverage. Dropping the policy is usually the worst choice. Any new policy you buy is likely to cost a lot more than your current policy -- even after the rate increase. Premiums on new policies are about 30% to 50% higher than they were five years ago, says Jesse Slome, executive director of the American Association for Care Insurance. You’ll also pay more because you’re older, even if you’re in perfect health.
For more information about long-term-care insurance, see Navigate a Course for Long-Term Care. Also see A New Strategy for Paying for Long-Term Care for advice about calculating your long-term-care insurance needs.Petty Officer 2nd Class Johnny Oliver’s black guitar still sits on its stand in a corner of Jazmin Oliver’s Jacksonville home.
Pictures of him still hang on the wall and his favorite dog, Ollie the Chihuahua, still scampers around the house and climbs up on visitors’ laps.
Johnny Oliver’s name will be one of four added to the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Wall as part of the city’s Memorial Day ceremonies.
“It’s really hard to accept it,” she said. “I don’t know if I still have. Part of me thinks the military is lying, they needed him for something special and he’ll be back.
“But it’s been a year, and … the day his unit got back I went to the airport and he wasn’t there,” she said.
The couple met when the sailor from Kentucky got back to Kings Bay Submarine Base after a yearlong deployment to Greece.
Oliver sold his car before he deployed, so Jazmin had to pick him up for their first date in the Wal-Mart parking lot just outside the base.
“I don’t know what I was thinking,” she said with a laugh.
But she soon fell for the light-hearted country boy from Kentucky with the infectious smile. “I was the luckiest girl in the world,” she said.
They met in March 2012 and were married by the following March. They rented an apartment near Jacksonville Beach and began to plan their life.
“We wanted to wait a little while to have children and enjoy each other a little first,” she said. “After all, we had the rest of our lives.”
Soon after their marriage, Johnny Oliver’s unit shipped out to Bahrain.
The U.S. Navy maintains a presence on the island nation located between Qatar and Saudi Arabia in the Persian Gulf.
U.S. personnel off post are told not to wear American flag shirts, American sports teams apparel or anything that make them stand out as an American.
“But Johnny was tall, blond-haired and blue-eyed. All you have to do is look at him and you know he’s American,” she said.
What happened on May 7, 2013, the day her life changed, still hasn’t been resolved.
“Basically what happened was he’d just gotten off work and changed his clothes and was going to dinner with friends,” she said. “He was crossing the street and some lieutenant in the Bahraini police just sped up to 70 and hit him.”
The investigation is continuing.
“They’re [the Navy] trying to make it look like it was just an accident,” she said.
But some sailors with knowledge of the situation told her the driver was trying to hit the young sailor.
“The word is that it was a hate crime, an act of terrorism,” she said. “A lot of the higher-ups in the Navy told me that.”
Ironically, the man who killed her husband was supposed to be put on trial Friday. But the trial again was pushed back.
She said she wants to be there when the trial takes place.
“I want to be there. I want to make a victim’s statement,” she said. “I’m the only person Johnny has left to fight for him.”
Whatever the outcome of the trial, Jazmin Oliver will now have a place to go in Jacksonville to remember her husband — the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Wall.
His body was buried in Kentucky.
“It’s just nice to have somebody remember him,” she said. “Harrison [Conyers of the city’s Military and Veterans Affairs department] has been great making this happen.
“Johnny is in great company.”
Clifford Davis: (904) 359-4207
please read our user agreement and privacy policy before posting
Thank you for your service and sacrifice, Mr. AND Mrs. Oliver.~Hailey and Bella
It's been quite some time since I last posted an update. A couple years in fact. Since that last post both Hailey and Bella have grown inseperable, constantly playing and rough housing. It's aparant Bella's youthfullnes is keeping Hailey active and young. The summer of 2011 Hailey passed the APLA's Certified Pointing Retriever test. The same summer she passed four AKC Junior Hunter tests and earned her Junior Hunter Title. Last summer I didn't run any hunt tests as Pauline and I were quite busy with the birth of our first child. The fall of 2012 both Hailey and Bella began guiding at in Pine City.
Recently Bella passed four AKC Junior Hunter tests to earn her Junior Hunter Title. Bella is hunting, pointing and retrieving quite nicely. I did have Bella's hips and elbows x-rayed. Her hips scored Good and her elbows Normal. She's weighing in at 51#.
~Bear
Jeff Brezee family and
Brezee Oak's Brother Bear SH
~Bella (from Iowa)
~Michelle~
~Sasha
Thanks,
Sean, Jody, Trevor, and Josh
~Oakley
Oakley has been such a wonderful addition to our family. He continues to be great on pheasant trips to South Dakota and grouse hunting near our cabin on Leech Lake. Being in the boat while we fish remains a favorite of his and he is always excited when a fish is caught and he has to be in the middle of the action. As you can see in his photo from this past winter, Oakley loves retrieving and will find it, even in the deepest of snow. He never gets tired chasing anything we throw for him. He remains very social and loves people.
It was fun seeing the updates on his siblings - thanks for doing this!
Karen and Brian VanDerBoschSimoneFollow Simone
34-year-old Female living in Baden-Baden, Germany
Level 3 Traveler
3 tours
3 countries
Discussions in order of recent activity
- Wild Western Tour 26th August 2012 Hey everybody. my name is simone, i'm from germany and bo... Simone asked
- Wild Western Tour 26th August Hey everybody! my name is simone, i'm from germany a... Simone said
- Wild Western Tour August 26th Hey! i'm booked on this tour - who else? simone Simone asked about meeting places usa canada wild western
- Wild Western August 26th Hey everybody! i'm booked on this tour. who else? Simone asked about california la los angeles meeting places united states of america usa canada wild westerncruzerexplorer201391 responded
- Eastern Escapade May or June, 2013. Hi guys! :d i've been wanting to do contiki for a whi... Priscilla asked about USA and Canada eastern escapade1 Likes12 answers
- Anyone doing Big Walkabout Feb 2014 (Start Sydney) Hello! i'm booked on the "big walkabout" start sydney fe... Simone asked about australia south pacificsaraØstergaard responded3 Likes34 answersMagazines & Newsletters / ASTM Standardization News
November/December 2009
UpDate
Metal Removal Fluids
Metal Removal Fluids
ASTM International Subcommittee E34.50 on Health and Safety Standards for Metalworking Fluids has developed three new standards. Two of the standards cover aspects of water-miscible metalworking fluids, while the third concerns the prevention of dermatitis in the wet metal removal fluid environment.
Dermatitis is an inflammatory response of the skin to a chemical or physical agent. While redness, swelling and itching are typical signs of dermatitis, symptoms can be more severe as well.
A new ASTM standard, E2693, Practice for Prevention of Dermatitis in the Wet Metal Removal Fluid Environment, discusses dermatitis and its causes and presents a comprehensive approach to dermatitis prevention and fluid management, including advice on equipment design, fluid and additive selection, maintenance procedures and mist control.
“No previous standard existed to address prevention of dermatitis, which is the most common occupational illness associated with metal removal fluids,” says Slavin. “Primary users of E2693 will be employers who use metal removal fluids in machining operations as coolants, lubricants and cutting or grinding oils.”
Occupational Acne
Occupational Acne
Two new E34.50 standards address the detection of microbial contamination in metalworking fluids: E2657, Test Method for Determination of Endotoxin Concentrations in Water-Miscible Metalworking Fluids, and E2694, Test Method for Measurement of Adenosine Triphosphate in Water-Miscible Metalworking Fluids.
Both E2657 and E2694 measure biological contamination in metalworking fluids and produce test results that can be used to monitor the condition of these fluids.
“Historically, the primary tool for determining microbial contamination in MWF was by culturing samples,” says Frederick Passman, president, Biodeterioration Control Associates Inc., and chair, E34.50. “Depending on the microbe of interest, it can take anywhere from 24 hours to 20 days to get an accurate picture. However, E2694 provides data in less than 10 minutes. This is a powerful tool for both fluid management and for determining whether there’s likely to be a significant bioaerosol exposure risk.”
Passman notes that, in contrast to E2694, which detects all actively growing bacteria and fungi, the endotoxin test in E2657 specifically detects biomolecules known to cause respiratory disease. “E2657 will probably be used more as a diagnostic tool in facilities where respiratory illness has been reported,” Passman says. “In this application, E2657 will be a valuable tool for determining whether endotoxin exposure is likely to be contributing to respiratory disease in a facility.”
Eczema from contact with cutting fluids.
Eczema from contact with cutting fluids.
The subcommittee is currently looking for participants for an interlaboratory study for E2657 and E2694. “We plan to use a single set of MWF for both standards, so labs who are interested in either or both are welcome to participate,” says Passman. “A few labs will run both the ILSs for both standards, while most will run one or the other.”
Subcommittee E34.50 is part of ASTM International Committee E34 on Occupational Health and Safety. The subcommittee welcomes participation in its activities, especially a new project on control of respiratory health hazards in the metal removal fluid environment.
“Anyone with information on health effects, fluid management practices, testing and maintenance, selection and use of additives, engineering control methods, safe work practices, air monitoring, medical surveillance, communication or training can make a valuable contribution to our efforts,” says Thomas Slavin, global safety and health director, Navistar Inc., and a subcommittee member.
Technical Information: (E2693) Thomas Slavin, Navistar Inc., Warrenville, Ill.
Phone: 312-836-3929
(E2657, E2694) Frederick Passman, Biodeterioration Control Associates Inc. , Princeton, N.J.
Phone: 609-716-0200
ASTM Staff: Kevin Shanahan
Phone: 610-832-9737Applying Rocket Technology to Sewage Treatment (image)
Caption
Stanford engineer Brian Cantwell and colleagues originally designed this nitrous oxide thruster for spacecraft. A similar device could be used at wastewater treatment plants to decompose nitrous oxide gas into hot air.
Credit
COURTESY: Brian Cantwell, Stanford University.This morning's trading has marked a bad day for the market so far. The Nasdaq is trading down 0.4%; the S&P 500 is down 0.8%; and the Dow is trading down 0.8%.
The Real Estate Operations sector (IYR) is currently lagging behind the overall market, down 0.6%, and its current biggest movers are:
Beginner's Guide To Stockcharts.com
Increasing 3.7%, Ashford Hospitality Trust (NYSE:AHT) is trading at $7.89 per share. This morning, the company is trading a volume of 944,958 shares. A stock's volume conveys how excited investors are about it. Investment valuation ratios provide investors with an estimation, albeit a simplistic one, of the value of a stock. The dividend yield is calculated by dividing a company's dividends per share by its stock price. AHT's dividend yield is 5.8%. To calculate the dividend yield, divide the level of dividends by the stock price; the higher the yield, the more attractive the security. SEE: Due Diligence On Dividends
Government Properties (NYSE:GOV) has decreased to $21.16 per share, a 3.7% fall. The company's volume is currently 459,900 shares for the day, in keeping with its current three-month average. Volume is used to evaluate how meaningful the price movement of a stock is. Valuation ratios allow the investor to make a quick determination as to a company's investment value. A price/sales ratio is derived by dividing stock market price by company sales. GOV's P/S ratio of 5.97 is on the high side. This could be a good sign if the share price increases. All things being equal, a low P/S ratio is good news for investors, while a very high one can be a warning sign.
Howard (NYSE:HHC) is at $62.75 per share after an increase of 2.3%. The company's volume for the day so far is 35,335 shares. If a stock price moves on high volume, this means that the change is a significant one. Investment valuation ratios can be very useful in estimating whether a stock price is too high, reasonable or a bargain investment opportunity. The debt ratio shows the proportion of assets that a company is financing through debt. HHC has a low debt ratio of 34.7%..
Eastgroup Properties (NYSE:EGP) is trading at $52.24 per share, down 2%. The company's volume is currently 65,936 shares for the day, 0.3 times the current daily average. Volume is also used as a secondary indicator to help confirm what the price movement is suggesting. Valuation ratios include the price to earnings (P/E) ratio, the price to earnings growth (PEG) ratio, the price to sales (P/S) ratio, the price to book (P/B) ratio, and the dividend yield. Using price/earnings ratios (P/E ratios) does not give an indication of whether or not an individual company's ratio is reasonable, a shortcoming that can be corrected by using the price/earnings to growth ratio (PEG ratio). EGP has a PEG ratio of 11.42. Because of the adjustment for earnings growth rate, the PEG ratio is somewhat more useful than many formulas for comparing companies in different industries.
Falling 2%, PS Business Parks (NYSE:PSB) is currently at a share price of $65.59. So far today, 56,429 shares have changed hands. Price change alone is not enough to know how a stock is doing. Volume is an important secondary indicator used to confirm trends suggested by price movement. When estimating the value of a particular investment, valuation ratios provide a good basis for assessing the value of an individual stock. The capitalization ratio is calculated by dividing long-term debt by the sum of long-term debt and shareholders' equity. PSB has a capitalization ratio of 34%. A low level of debt and a healthy proportion of equity in a company's capital structure is an indication of financial fitness.
After an increase of 1.9%, Sabra Health Care REIT (Nasdaq:SBRA) has reached a current price of $18.62. The company's volume for the day so far is 245,059 shares, 0.7 times its average over the past three months. price/earnings ratio is calculated by taking a stock price and dividing it by the earnings-per-share (EPS). SBRA has a P/E ratio of 36.6. High P/E stocks could be "growth" stocks, while low PE stocks may be "value" stocks. SEE: Can Investors Trust the P/E Ratio?
HCP (NYSE:HCP) is down 1.8% to reach $46.09 per share. The company is trading at a volume of 962,625 shares. This is a sign that there will be less trading activity than there was yesterday. If a stock is trading on low volume, then there is not much interest in the stock. On the other hand, if a stock is trading on high volume, then there is a lot of interest in the stock. is a leverage ratio. HCP's D/E ratio is 84%. The D/E ratio is not a pure measurement of a company's debt because it includes operational liabilities in total liabilities..C250
General Use of Library District Meeting Rooms
The purpose of this policy is to insure an orderly, peaceful and efficient use of library Meeting Rooms so as to accommodate and provide equal access to library customers.
Personal events, including but not limited to birthday parties, play groups, wedding receptions, and reunions are not considered appropriate use of Library District Meeting Rooms.
Modifications of Meeting Room rules may be made for the Library District or its partner organizations. The Library District reserves the right to adjust room assignments based on scheduling needs. Library District sponsored programs shall receive priority in the event of a scheduling conflict.) (Modified 5/14/2013)
Additional Meeting Room PoliciesI will be heading out to vote shortly. Straight Dem ticket, of course, but Dems are looking in tough shape here in my 6th Congressional District in Massachusetts. Recent polls suggest that Charlie Baker, the Republican, seems likely to win the Governor's race and despite this being a Blue district, the Democratic candidate for Congress Seth Moulton only has a tiny lead.
My question is: why are supposedly "moderate" Republicans not required to explain their membership in an organization that is arguably racist, homophobic and plutocratic, and, prima facie, antisemitic?
Now I am sure that our local Republicans would heatedly deny that their party is antisemitic -- after all, it strongly supports Israel! But of course,for Republicans it may be a lot easier to support Jews who live 5,000 miles away than American ones.
If someone said that they belong to a national organization in America in which, out of its 300 most important leaders, not a single one was Jewish, would that not give you slight pause? Make you wonder? Even if it were 1% -- but zero?? Can that really be just an unrelated accident?A recent decision by a Pennsylvania appellate court illustrates the importance of choice of law provisions for companies that want to enforce their non-compete agreements on a nationwide basis.
A choice of law provision is a contractual term in which the parties specify that any dispute arising under the contract will be determined in accordance with the law of a particular jurisdiction.
The issue in Synthes USA Sales, LLC v. Peter Harrison and Globus Medical, Inc. was whether Pennsylvania or California law applied to a non-compete agreement. Although the defendant/former employee resided and worked in California, his non-compete agreement had a choice of law provision which stated: ”This agreement will be governed by Pennsylvania law applicable to contracts entered into and performed in Pennsylvania.”
This choice of law provision seems pretty clear — the contract was to be governed by Pennsylvania law. But apparently the qualifying language “applicable to contracts entered into and performed in Pennsylvania” confused the trial court, which concluded that the choice of law provision applied only to contracts actually performed in Pennsylvania. Applying California law, the trial court denied the plaintiff’s motion for a preliminary injunction. Under California law, post-employment non-compete agreements generally are unenforceable except in the context of the sale of a business or to prevent the former employee from disclosing trade secrets.
The appellate court reversed the trial court’s ruling that California law applied and remanded the case to the trial court to determine whether an injunction was warranted under Pennsylvania law. Under Pennsylvania law, non-compete agreements can be enforceable if the restrictions are reasonably necessary for the protection of the employer and are reasonably limited in duration and geographic area.
The plaintiff now has a fighting chance to enjoin the former employee. Under California law its case was dead.
Non-lawyers may view the differences among states’ laws on non-compete agreements as arcane and confusing, and indeed they are. But these differences are real, and a choice of law provision, properly drafted by counsel after considering the laws of competing jurisdictions, gives an employer a chance to enforce its non-compete agreements on a nationwide basis.Subject: Re: [ecasound] Installing ecasound
From: Kai Vehmanen (k@eca.cx)
Date: Sun Aug 27 2000 - 21:41:02 EEST
On 26 Aug 2000, Laura Conrad wrote:
> /usr/local/bin/ecasound: error in loading shared libraries:
> libecasound.so.6: cannot open shared object file: No such file or
> directory
Do you have /usr/local/bin in your /etc/ld.so.conf? If not, add it and
then run /sbin/ldconfig (as root).
> eca-text.cpp:46: curses.h: No such file or directory
> eca-text.cpp:47: term.h: No such file or directory
> make[2]: *** [eca-text.o] Error 1
These are the ncurses header files (ncurses-devel).
> which means there should be some more checks in ./configure. I
> installed ncurses, and then:
Hmm, I'll have to check this. Configure should check for ncurses...
> if [ ! -f /usr/local/share/ecasound/effect_presets ]; then /usr/bin/install -c -m 644 effect_presets /usr/local/share/ecasound/effect_presets; fi
> /usr/bin/install: effect_presets: No such file or directory
Yep, preset and oscillator files aren't included in the cvs tree, but
you'll find them in dist packages. Hmm, I guess there's no harm adding
these to cvs...
> have qtecasound, and when I try installing ecawave, ./configure gives me:
[...]
> checking for QT 2.x... configure: error: QT-2.x (headers) not found. Please check your installation!
Hmm, you can use configure options --with-qt-dir=/some/path,
--with-qt-libraries=... and --with-qt-includes=... to bypass this problem.
Anyway, thanks for the feedback. It seems that installing ecasound on a
Mandrake 7.x box isn't as straightforward as it should Aug 27 2000 - 22:20:14 EESTADD A CATEGORY
JAN 29, 2013 - New York Post
A Must Read - Share
A...
Editor's Picks
Show More
Show Less
Hey you have no friends!!! Get to work and start inviting friends to help build your Comunitee. Click Here to invite friends.
© 2011 Comunitee, Inc.Red House
Eating & shopping
Tasty treats
William Morris' kitchen and pantry have been returned to the original colour scheme as specified by Philip Webb in the plans and turned into a cosy café. Now everyone can experience a little bit of living at Red House while enjoying a light lunch, hot drinks and cake or a cream tea. There's free wi-fi available too.
New shop open in the coach house
Our shop has moved into the coach house that suits the momento of your visit.
Morris' motto badges
If you want to buy something unique to Red House, this is it. A badge emblazoned with Morris's motto which you find on tiles and painted on windows around the house. We have stained glass too depicting the comic birds painted on the gallery windows and Burne-Jones's classic Fortuna and Love designs.
Red House wombats
Not just for children, our wombats have different faces and are labelled with the names of the Pre-raphaelite friends who loved wombats and visited here. Edward Burne-Jones even painted one into his wallpainting depicting a medieval feast so this is a fun reminder of a beautiful painting.Daily Telegraph.
A host of Premier League clubs including Arsenal are believed to be keen, and are free to discuss terms with the forward next month.
The 27-year-old has fallen out of favour in Spain after attempting to force a move away from Bilbao during the summer.
His current contract is set to expire at the end of the season and he announced in a press conference that once his deal is finished he will be moving on:
“I am going to leave on June 30,
“I want to develop as a player and try something new.”
He went on to claim that his decision is not motivated by the financial benefits of joining a big club:
).
Llorente also hit back at rumours that he has acted in an unprofessional manner to force a transfer:
.”
Need to have your say?
Connect your Facebook account with FFC to make your #RealOpinions heardArticles
When my Dad Starts Shooting with LC-A+written by kuo-kwi on 2012-09-09 in #lifestyle
I love analogue cameras. My roommate loves vintage cameras. My friends are into film, and even my dad shoots with an LCA+! Before August's Fathers Day, let's look at my dad's LCA+ shots!8 Share Tweet
MX Your Bokeh with Circular Light Dots!written by kuo-kwi on 2012-07-05 in #gear #tipster
You must be familiar with circular, heart shaped, and even star shaped bokeh! Combining these bokeh with multiple exposures create another type of dreamy feel! Learn how you can do it in this tipster.2 18Metroid Prime 3: Corruption
"Finally, a FPS style of gameplay that shows what the Wii is made to do."
When I first heard of Metroid Prime 3, I thought it would continue in the way Metroid Prime 2 did. I loved Metroid Prime, but Metroid Prime 2 didn't seem to fit. It brought an interesting character into the mess but something about it just felt like it was slipping away from the Metroid feel. And when I saw previews, screenshots and trailers of Metroid Prime 3, it looked closer to the Halo series then it did the Metroid series. Now that I've gotten my hands on it, I'm glad to saw that these visions were simply crushed.
The controls are simply amazing. This is how the Wii should handle the FPS genre. With three diffrent sensivity modes, and the ability to continue to free aim while locked on to a target, it takes away the difficulty, but also the ease of the first two games control scheme. You can even switch the jump and fire buttons with each other, if you prefer a trigger style shooting, or something more classic (and RE:4 like). The visors have gotten a bit of an upgrade. Instead of a button per visor, you press the - button (or + if you switch that around too) and you select what you want in a quick-option menu screen. The graphics and sound aren't exactly the most appealing thing about the game, but they're not bad in the slightest. The graphics keep on par with the past games, while the sound is fairly much like the others as well. Keeping some classic sounds. It's still very environmental, and really lets you feel like you're there, alone on a planet, or in grave danger and so on.
Much of the begging of the game didn't seem like the other Metroid Primes at all. It was very cinematic, with lots of speech. That's right, people are finally talking. But they kept Samus a mute. It's quite charming and good to hear that they did this. Samus still feels like herself. The Galactic Federation troopers from Metroid Prime 2 are finally seen in action. Everything from the battle front troopers, to the newbies that have the jobs nobody else wants, to the Admiral of the Olympus (who happens to share the same name as I). They can assist you in certain areas, but most of the time, you'll be rushing down a hallway in order to save them. Among them, you'll also meet three other bounty hunters. A cyborg type, an ice-being, and a metamorph. All unique with personalities, who take the workload off your shoulders... for a minimal amount, anyway. Metroid Prime 3 takes the aspect found in Metroid Prime hunters, with the different bounty hunters, as well as diffrent planets. You have (some) control over your ship when inside to move from plant to planet, as well as communication and a few others.
After a while, you'll finally be on your own again and the feel of the other Primes are back. Exploration of each and every room. With almost every room holding it's own puzzle. The puzzles have a Metroid Prime 1 feel to it, and that's a good thing. Scans a plenty as well, but this time, any missed one-time scans carry over to your next game. Your scanning is much the same as Prime 2, and post-scans are green in the scan visor. One new visor you get early on is the ship remote visor. Remember when Samus did some stuff on her arm-cannon to call up her ship? That power is yours now. You can move your ship to or from various landing docks. Sorta ruins the feel of being so far away from your ship, with little chance of survival. But there is still plenty of backtracking. Items and upgrades are still in the game, although I may have missed it, but it didn't explain how she lost all her upgrades from last time, in this game. It doesn't really matter, as most of the upgrades you knew, can now get upgrades on their own. The combat in the game is similar to the other Prime games. This time however, you have your Hypermode. Holding + (or - if you switched) will put you into hypermode, at the cost of one energy tank. You have a small chance of being corrupted and getting yourself killed, but you also gain immense firepower. You'll be needing it during a few puzzles, as well as many bosses. It is possible, however to get through most parts of the game without it. But playing on the hypermode difficulty of the game, and it's your best friend.
Overall, the game doesn't offer much more then the older Metroid Prime games, but is still a good play. Replaying on harder difficulties, or with minimal items and of course, speed runs, is good fun just with past Metroid games. And one of the best FPS style games yet on the Wii. It's defiantly worth a purchase.
Reviewer's Score: 8/10 | Originally Posted: 09/04/07
Game Release: Metroid Prime 3: Corruption (US, 08/27/07)
Got Your Own Opinion?
You can submit your own review for this game using our Review Submission Form.zamano plc (ZMNO:Irish Stock Exchange)
Last €0.12 EUR
Change Today 0.00 / 0.00%
Volume 0.0
ZMNO On Other Exchanges
As of 12:10 PM 05/20/15 All times are local (Market data is delayed by at least 15 minutes).
Insiders at zamano plc (ZMNO)
Other Board Members on Board*
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
>>IMAGE.White.
See you tomorrow, Scott,,,,, Go White Sox ’09…. j.k.
Nicely played game today. Good to see them going on all cylinders. And lucky Donna… she got to witness it firsthand!
Was a great game. I’ve got pictures of the Coop/Cox thing That was outdoors this morning! I’ll post with my Camelback report later. One of the funniest things I’ve seen!! I’ll post a link to pictures tonight
Donna
So I was lucky enough to be at a great ballgame today and see our boys come out on top. It is me and my husband’s 17th wedding anniversary and it was a great gift to see the victory. Gavin looked great and hey 2 bunts get 2 baserunners!! Hopefully that is a sign of things to come!!
I want to tell you all about Camelback and my Spring Training experience because I hope it will encourage you to make the trip next year. I will preface this with the fact that this is my first trip to the Cactus League and I have nothing to compare it to except my experience at HoHoKam the day before. Thought I had a good time there, I REALLY had a good time at Camelback. I know the place is new, but really I felt like I went from old icky Wrigley to the Cell. The place is huge and really pretty. Again, I know it is new, but really it is beautiful. We got to the ranch at 9am when the gates opened and went to the Sox practice Fields. The boys take their workouts seriously. No signing autographs and little talking to fans during workouts. There were a couple fans talking about the team when Harold Baines walked in and he overheard them “reviewing the team” and told them they shouldn’t believe everything they hear about the team. As the rest of the coaches strolled in, Ozzie was Ozzie and walked over to the guys who were stretching and warming up. There were only a handful of fans around and suddenly Ozzie yells out something and the next thing I know Cooper and Cox are racing. I tell these things cause that was the cool part about being at the workouts…hearing the banter, watching how hard they work, all the different ways they work out, and just being able to be that close to take it all in. Once workouts were done, most of the players came over and signed autographs. I will editorialize here about what jerks some fans can be and how I totally get now why some of the players may not sign. Little kids were being pushed away by grown men! My kids got balls signed by AJ, PK, JD, BA, Getz, Jose, Josh Fields, Quentin, Jerry Owens, and a few others, but you see what I mean. Players they would never get the chance to during regular season. Have to say Jerry Owens and Jose….NICEST GUYS!! Both spent ALOT of time signing.
The players were more generous with autographs even pre-game. All the big players came over if even for a little bit to sign things. PK came over alot. Thorton spent a long time signing. Baines, Cooper, Alexei, Wise, and BA all spent a good deal of time signing as well before the game.
After workouts we went to the stadium and let me tell you, If I closed my eyes, I would think I was at US Cellular. The smells, the music, and I even got Thunderstruck!! It is obvious alot went into making this feel like home. A MUCH better game experience than HoHoKam. I even had my traveling camera man with cute interviewing girl between innings!! Lots of bathroom space too!!The food selection was fantastic. There was even Vienna beef dogs and Connie’s pizza. The only warning I will give is there is not alot of shade there and the Arizona sun can get hot. Bring lots of sunscreen!
I was warned parking and leaving would be an issue, but I didn’t find that at all. No different than leaving the Cell. $5 to park and got out pretty easy.
JK I know you are sad they left Tuscon, but I can see why. If you are a baseball fan, half the teams are within short driving distance to see. We could have walked to the Seattle/Padres site from our hotel which was only about 20 minutes from Camelback.
If you are considering coming to spring training, I strongly encourage you to do so. My kids–ok me too–loved the experience and you see the players in a very different way than the season. Sorry for the ramble, but it really was a great experience!
Link to pictures including the Cox/Cooper race and one of our Scott…..
Donna, Thank you for the pics! It looked like you all had a wonderful time. And congrats on your anniversary too!
You are right. I am sad that the Sox left Tucson, but they’ll be here today, so all is forgiven (for a day at least). One more week and they’ll be far-far away in Chicago anyway, so it doesn’t matter too much.
One thing remains constant, Go Sox (’09 version)……..j.k.
They need to work that footage into the new pregame video montage. Checked youtube, no luck so far.
Night and day… not just a song by Cole Porter, but an accurate description of Clayton Richard’s abomination against the Flubs at Ho Ho Kam and Gavin Floyd’s excellent outing against the Dodgers at Camelback yesterday…
And, believe it or not, Ripley… AJ threw out TWO baserunners yesterday… because I guess that Dr Cooper has been working with Floyd on some sort of slide step to keep the runners closer to 1st… whatever it was, it worked… and should be mandatorily taught to all catchers and pitchers throughout the system…
As for “The Great Race” between Cox and Cooper… Jeff Cox without a shirt on? PUHLEEESE… There’s too much violence in the world to begin with… let’s not go THERE any more, shall we?
On the telecast, Kenny had the dubious distinction of following Ozzie talking to Hawk and Stone Pony… which is like following a prodigious home run hitter, when you’ve got a pop gun bat and not even warning track power…
I had fun today, except for the wind!!! The box said the wind was 8 mph. It may have fallen to that for a moment or two, but it was really blowing out to right-center at about 20 mph all day.
There were a lot of Sox fans sitting in my section, and I thought I saw Donna and her family, but I guess not. No Scott sighting either, and not our regular line-up, but the “subs” did their thing and brought us a White Sox Winner!.
One more week and we can get back to the season that all of us love…… Go Sox ’09… j.k.
Thank you, Donna, for the terrific photos! And I appreciated your full “report” on the experience at the new facility. Wish I could go there – it looks great. Maybe next year…
Go Sox!!!
Peggy
Wish it was me JK, but I was on my way back to the SNOW in Chicago. Glad you had a good time though! PEGGY! I was just wondering where you were. Everyone is coming back!!! Only a week to go till it counts. Can’t wait!!
Scott, can we please get an update on Opening Day festivities? Who’s throwing first pitch, etc. Thanks!
Kris
Thanks for the great photos, Donna! And please don’t apologize for writing so much. It was great to hear about everything. Will definitely have to get out there next year, it sounds great!
5 days til the opener! GO SOX!!Yuji Nishiura
Managing Director
Updated On : Nov 19, 2014
2000 Town Center
Southfield, MI 48075
HQ Phone: 248-358-4420
Direct Phone: Not Available
Type:
Private
Employees:
1000 - 4999
Revenue:
100 - 500 Million
Industry:
Finance->Financial Services
SIC Code:
8741 - Management Services
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Yuji Nishiura? Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. There is also AlixPartners LLC email addresses within the @alixpartners.com profile so Yuji Nishiura's email could be included. Yuji Nishiura is part of the AlixPartners LLC which has its main offices in Southfield, MI. Currently holds the post of Managing Director. You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Financial services industry. Some possible email formats for Yuji Nishiura are YNishiura@alixpartners.com, Yuji.Nishiura@alixpartners.com, Yuji@alixpartners.com, and Yuji_Nishiura@alixpartners.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alixpartners.com addresses.
Similar Employees:
Christie Mosher - Executive
If you need @alixpartners.com email addresses for AlixPartners LLC, you can find them on Lead411 as Christie Mosher's email might be available. Christie Mosher, the company's Global Travel Manager, also has extensive contact information, including AlixPartners LLC's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Southfield, MI-based AlixPartners LLC can be found on Lead411 under the Financial services industry. Some possible email formats for Christie Mosher are CMosher@alixpartners.com, Christie.Mosher@alixpartners.com, Christie@alixpartners.com, and Christie_Mosher@alixpartners.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alixpartners.com addresses.
James Sargent - Other
Need to know James Sargent's email, phone numbers, linkedin profile, wiki, twitter username, and biography? You can find contact information on AlixPartners LLC's Lead411 profile. James Sargent is the Assessment Coordinator James Sargent are JSargent@alixpartners.com, James.Sargent@alixpartners.com, James@alixpartners.com, and James_Sargent@alixpartners.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alixpartners.com addresses.
Ted Bililies - Executive
AlixPartners LLC's Managing Director and Chief Talent Officer is where Ted Bililies is employed. On the other hand, the organization's CEO is Fred Crawford. They are based in Southfield, MI, and you can find their Lead411 profile filed under the Financial services industry. Ted Bililies's profile contains twitter, phone numbers, linkedin, wiki, and contact information, and you can also find other AlixPartners LLC email addresses on Lead411 with the @alixpartners.com domain. Some possible email formats for Ted Bililies are TBililies@alixpartners.com, Ted.Bililies@alixpartners.com, Ted@alixpartners.com, and Ted_Bililies@alixpartners.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@alixpartners.com addresses.
People Directory > Yuji NishiuraSPRING Kid Flicks
By Jackie Burrell
Tuesday, February 23rd, 2010 at 10:43 am in Uncategorized.
There’s a slew of kid-friendly movies heading to your cineplex in the coming weeks, starting with Tim Burton’s “Alice in Wonderland,” a completely revamped tale – Alice is 19, for one thing – which opens March 5. Then, in quick succession, “Diary of a Wimpy Kid” on March 19, and “How to Train Your Dragon” on March 26.
So what do you think? What are you planning to see?
[You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.]Why Tottenham Hotspur Are Already Winners
How times have changed at Tottenham Hotspur. After Tottenham Hotspur showed Sunday how leaky their defense could be as Wolverhampton Wanderers ran riot, It was refreshing to see the Lilywhites give a defensively sound performance Wednesday night against AC Milan. It was the type of display that Tottenham may need to rely on again in the quarter-finals of the Champions League where they will face one of the elite teams in the world.
By limiting a very attack-minded AC Milan side to just a few clear-cut chances to score Wednesday night and reducing Zlatan Ibrahimovic to a bit part, Tottenham showed more versatility. The current Spurs side matured before our eyes. They’re becoming much more than just a balls-to-the-walls attacking side. They can, believe it or not, defend. That’s something that earlier this season or last season you would never expect especially with their long casualty list of injuries to key defenders. But, as we witnessed the brilliant display by Michael Dawson and William Gallas in the centre of defense Wednesday night, Ledley King and Jonathan Woodgate didn’t even enter our minds.
Tottenham’s performance last night was a far cry from the defensive frailties shown in their opening Champions League qualifying round match against Young Boys when they were three-nil down in the opening 28 minutes. Again, how times have changed.
The question is how far can they go from here? They’re only four games away from a Champions League Final at Wembley. In their first season in the Champions League, they’ve already defeated Italian powerhouses AC Milan and Inter Milan. A lot will depend on the luck of the draw, but no matter who they come up against except possibly Barcelona, you have to imagine they have a strong chance of making it into the semi-finals if they can play as well as they’ve done in previous Champions League matches. A return to full-fitness and regaining his goalscoring streak for Gareth Bale will be vital. But, as we saw Wednesday night, Rafael van der Vaart continues to be a threat up front.
A key advantage for Tottenham Hotspur is that their expectations are low. Teams such as Chelsea and Manchester United have the pressure hanging over their head that they must go far in this tournament. At the beginning of the season, no one expected Spurs to be in the final eight in Europe. And even if they got knocked out in the quarter-finals, their season and their European performance would be considered a tremendous success. It’s that lack of pressure coupled with the insane noise generated by the crowd at White Hart Lane that gives Spurs a distinct advantage. No matter what happens from here, Spurs are already winners. It’s a great place to be in.
41 Responses to Why Tottenham Hotspur Are Already Winners
So proud to be a Spurs fan this morning.
I managed to watch a good 40 mins of the game last night and I think Spurs played well as a team. They have alot of talented players in their squad but the main credit goes the Harry Redknapp for the effort he has put into the club.
Good article that says it all.
Pretty much. Although I was hoping Milan knocked them out and probably deserved to. Well played. The tie was quite evenly balanced.
Of course the team that couldn’t score in 180 minutes against the squad that gave up three to a team in the relegation zone DESERVED to win.
These teams were surprisingly very well matched. Milan is top-heavy, and their offense is very, very good. They also have a very good midfield playmaker in Seedorf. In order to effectively cancel out the threat of Ibra, Pato and Robinho, Spurs needed to be perfect and solid in the back line. They did that in both matches.
Spurs, on the other hand, are weakest up front, but have I’d say the best and deepest midfield in the Premier League. While Modric didn’t have a stellar game and Huddlestone is still injured, Sandro was absolutely magnificent, and of course, the wide players are always a danger.
What surprised me, mostly in the first half, was how content Spurs were to drop back and give Milan space in the midfield. I really expected Spurs to dominate possession as they bossed around the midfield, but surprisingly they relied on their defensive players to hold Milan’s strikers. And it worked.
Ugly match. Knock-down, drag out battle. Not pretty offensive football like what you’re used to seeing from Tottenham, but it was undoubtably effective. And surprising, considering that Redknapp pretty much had come out and said prior to the match that he was planning on running right down Milan’s throat.
Best and deepest midfield? right – I’m quite certain you’re ignoring someone very close to WHL…
Nope. I’m not.
Well Mr. Phenoum, you can take heart that Arsenal are now the proud holders of a record that will probably never be beaten.
First team ever to score more goals than they had shots but still lose the game.
Outstanding. BTW, how’s that bid for the quadruple looking?
First off – there was never a ‘bid’ for the quad. Simple fact was that we were in 4 competitions and all the manager said was that we’d do what we could to win every game.
Of course Harry’s twitch got to the media and they twisted it, but that’s life in England
Secondly – I’ts looking a hell of a lot better than yours is, now isnt it?
Oh dear, just a little sensitive are we? Well that’s OK, most plastic Arsenal “fans” tend to be that way. You’d think that they would be used to have an empty trophy cabinet by now, wouldn’t you?
I did notice that you managed to avoid the question of zero attempts at goal in 90 minutes of football – no surprise there of course, I would want to forget that if my team put up such a horrible performance as well. Maybe like the man in the oversized sleeping bag on your sideline, Wenger the blind, you never actually saw it — how tough is it to have a team with blind manager and a deaf striker?
Ii appears that you are a lot more twitchy than ‘Arry could ever hope to be.
LMFAO
I love how commenters on here pull out the “real” fan card all the time. Whatever makes your ego tick man.
And for the record, I’d rather have my Manager any day of the year over yours. On top of understanding the game better, he doesn’t look like a man who washes his face in a vat of acid every morning.
For me its how Spurs won. They won with defense. Shut down AC Milan for 180 minutes. Sure they parked the bus yesterday at times, but so did Inter vs Barca. Its not the most entertaining to watch, but its how you win big games.
Ah yes – and Arsenal got lamblasted for attempting the same thing @ Barca.
Love the media these days
The difference, of course, is that Arsenal failed.
And at least Spurs attacked, they had a handful of real chances in the game
The difference, of course, is that with only 11 men, when time came to attack in the final 20 minutes and capitalize on our fitness like we had in every other game we’ve played against them in the past few years – we were short a man (at the top no less) because of a self-infatuated ref who couldn’t bring himself to letting two teams battle for a game.
In short – we were never given the chance to fight for the game. partly due to the game plan to hold back until late, and mostly due to a cu*t of a ref who defends his decision still.
Waaaah!
Waah waah waaaahhh. Boo hoo hoo, nobody loves us.
Bunch of grown ups in here today
Milan seem to have had the same old problems for so long, but never really addressed them – they’re old, slow and have no attacking width. Even they’re Champions League successes in the last few years seem like just blips in an otherwise constant slump since the Sacchi/Capello glory days.
Yes, this season is a great success, but I still see problems on the horizon. If Spurs finish out of the top four, how hard will it be for them to hold onto Bale, Van Der Vaart, Lennon long-term? I fear that they will end up selling some of the major pieces that have led them so high so fast, and that it could be many years before they reach these heights again. But for now, I’ll continue to enjoy the run.
I’m also confused as to why Sandro doesn’t see much action in the PL. He looked great in both Milan games. Are they just trying to bring him along slowly?
Redknapp HAS been bringing him along slowly. It’s taken him this long to get used to the fast pace of the EPL as compared to Brazilian league football.
Who knows what goes on in the mind of ‘Arry some days when it comes to squad selection (Pav as a sub yesterday instead of Defoe? Kranjcar can’t get a start to save his life?), but it sure looks as though Sandro is playing his way into a starting role when Spurs use a holding midfielder.
Spurs are owned by a billionaire. They can spend with, or for, anyone if they really wanted to.
Puke…..
Can somebody please recommend a better blog than this….
Arsenal fan, by chance?
Cheers,
The Gaffer
To be fair you (and most of the media) criticize Arsenal for defending at Camp Nou and praise Spurs for parking the bus for 90 excruciating minutes, at home no less. Spurs are the darlings as they are new to the CL, I get it but if any team should have attacked it was Spurs at home. They weren’t playing Barca. AC Milan isn’t that good.
As an Arsenal fan I was rooting for them as I do all BPL teams in CL but the game was awful, but I’m glad they got through. Spurs need to take advantage of the opportunity especially given they may not be back next year.
Hopefully Spurs fans can lose their complex of everything they do being measured to Arsenal. I mean even their fans were chanting “Are you watching Arsenal?” Grow up and own it. Stop dragging another team not on the pitch into it. It’s going to take a lot more than a few BPL titles or what not to eclipse AFC anyway.
Also they should have lost that game against Wolves that penalty on Gomez was horseshit and the goal should have stood.
I guess it might be hard for an Arsenal fan to understand this given the last six years, but results are everything. If Spurs had played defensive-minded and lost, we’d be criticizing them. But guess what? They didn’t.
Ah yes – those who are blind to the game and look only at the scoreline – If you knew a thing about the game you’d be wishing your team played better as well.
Yep, keep talking about how others are “blind to the game” while your team chases the only trophy competition they can’t be eliminated from. And hey, kudos to your classy manager today for calling UEFA a “dictatorship”. I can’t think of anything smarter to say at a time when a major world leader is killing his own people to avoid giving up his power.
Hi Dave (dlbags), well at least your comments are at least more well thought out and reasoned by the other tame Arsenal “fan” that posts on here.
Unfortunately you need to turn and look at your own fans before you comment on the Spurs fans: “Hopefully Spurs fans can lose their complex of everything they do being measured to Arsenal. I mean even their fans were chanting “Are you watching Arsenal?” Grow up and own it. ”
I would like to point out the most used chant at Highbury… oh sorry… The Emirates is “If You Hate Tottenham Stand Up”, not too much difference is there?
Tottenham vs. Woolwich… oh sorry again, Arsenal is one of the great rivalry’s in football. Would you expect City supporters to stop singing about and hating United? Or Liverpool and Everton? No of course not.
For true Tottenham supporters the two most important games of the year are the ones against Arsenal. Always have been and always will be. If Arsenal do things like, oh I don’t know, blowing a 4 goal lead, losing the Carling Cup or being knocked out of the CL after zero attempts on goal then Tottenham fans will do all they can to make sure Arsenal fans smart about it even more that they already are. And Arsenal fans would do exactly the same.
I have many Arsenal mates and we take great joy in mocking each other. The difference between them and people like that idiot Phenoum is that they don’t take it personally and they know that it will be their turn soon. Phenoum is one of those plastic fans that think the world owes Arsenal everything based solely on their name.
It doesn’t.
??? Attacking me in third person now? Plastic?
I may be emotional in the wake of an upsetting game, but I’m not really sure how you think you know me based on a few comments you’ve read. Big of you as a Sp*rs fan to assume otherwise of course!
Well, it’s nice of you to come here and crap in our sandbox. So far in this thread you’ve done nothing but spew partisan invective and have contributed little of value to the discussion.
And you wonder why you’re getting the reaction you’re getting?
@Menno
Just returning the favor kiddo – Goes around comes around?
Just look at any thread about Arsenal – always sure to find a Sp*rs fan offering their 2 cents. Besides – it’s a rivalry right? Gotta stir the pot from time to time
I respect the commenters here as human beings, it’s when I find out they support Sp*rs that I worry about their sanity
No, I don’t think I know you and I’m pretty sure I don’t want to know you thanks very much.
I’ve seen some of the vitriol you spew on this blog in the comments section, and its always funny to poke sticks through the bars of the cage and make the animals mad.
I notice that there’s still no reaction to the fact your team managed to get zero shots off in 90 minutes of footie. No surprise.
To start with – you calling yourself an animal? curious…
Secondly – I think even you can agree that had we had 11 men for the final 20 minutes, we would have turned a few of those runs / pressure into a shot. Bendtner’s lead foot may have been the difference b/w them vs us going through – after all that!
Thirdly – we’ll have to revisit this discussion after Sp*rs get drawn against Barca and see how those games fare…
Should be interesting to see what happens on April 20 when Tottenham play Arsenal in a match which will be a massive one for both clubs.
Cheers,
The Gaffer
Indeed – I might have to come by and comment on your writeup of that game
Funny you invoke stadiums as to insult. You guys can’t even beat out West Ham for a stadium. Regardless of what you say Arsenal has done everything right. They build their own stadium, they don’t hemorrhage money for quick fix it now signings and have a bright future.
Spurs have Bale. Enjoy the now. That expectoration to win you speak about is because the organization is always looking forward, and although the now can be rough sometimes as it has been, at least we are int he mix consistently, not with last minute signings or heroics. We know we will have another chance at CL next year. We know we are competing for the BPL and still FA.
I’m not trying to rain on anyone’s parade but success is measure by more than silverware and you’d be better off more like Arsenal than jeering it.
And drop the zero sum attitude- fans on both sides, it’s silly. At this point Spurs success in CL does not affect AFC so let them have it.
It’s all I’m saying. I hope Spurs go far. I’m sick of La Liga thinking their lopsided league the best because of RM and Barca.
Haha Arsenal fans.
I love the whole “you parked the bus at WHL” bull. We had a good number of attempts on their goal that game.
Also…We went to AC Milan and won. You went to Barca with an attitude of “we’ll let them pass and hold the ball and pray to God our defense holds up”. Bummer that RVP got sent off, but the better team won because they were actually playing.
I do hope we run into Barca at some point in our CL adventure. I’d love to see how we cope.Galileo Galilei
Revision as of 01:10, March 19, 2007 by Dr Joe Kiff (Talk | contribs)
34,190pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Psychology Wiki does not yet have a page about Galileo Galilei, even though this subject is highly linked to it (This is due to the initial use of content from Wikipedia).
If this subject is relevant to Psychology Wiki, consider creating this article.
If not, you may wish to see Wikipedia's article on Galileo Galilei.Gimme Shelter
1970. USA. Albert Maysles, David Maysles, Charlotte Zwerin. 92 min.
Thursday, November 29, 2012, 6:30 p.m.
Theater 2 (The Roy and Niuta Titus Theater 2), T2
Gimme Shelter
1970. USA. Directed by Albert Maysles, David Maysles, Charlotte Zwerin. The standard riff about Gimme Shelter is that it sounded the death knell of the 1960s counterculture movement. As the cameras rolled, 300,000 strung-out hippies and wannabe prophets converged on Altamont Speedway for a free concert with The Rolling Stones, Santana, The Flying Burrito Brothers, The Jefferson Airplane, and Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young, only to have their heads cracked open by Hells Angels wielding lead-tipped pool cues. The film, however, is a masterpiece of contemplative, even retrospective, observation, and what should be equally remembered are the emotional timbres that run counter to the violence and chaos: the joyful exuberance of the Madison Square Garden show, with Mick Jagger slowed down, multiply exposed, and bathed in Chip Monck’s dreamy red-and-blue lights during “Love in Vain”; the drowsy tenderness of the band listening to a recording of “Wild Horses” at Muscle Shoals as the camera drifts across their faces and hands and snakeskin boots; and the seriocomic complacency of grander-than-life Stones lawyer Melvin Belli as he brings the Altamont concert into disastrous being. The brilliance of Gimme Shelter lies in the telling, or rather in the re-telling—it is the chronicle of a death foretold in flashback. As we watch Mick Jagger and Charlie Watts watching a cut of the film we are about to see, trying to make sense of the senseless murder of Meredith Hunter in slow motion and freeze frame, we read their faces for signs, projecting every sort of meaning onto them. Courtesy Janus Films. 92 min.
In the Film exhibition The Rolling Stones: 50 Years on Film
Ticketing policies for film screeningsPotato SaladSummer is all about BBQ and eating outdoor. We hope you will give this potato salad recipe a try and let Mamma know whether it is a keeper by liking it below.
Ingredients
4 large potatoes
4 eggs
1 or 2 sticks Celery
3 or 4 radishes
2 green onion stalks
1 Serving Spoon Mayonnaise
1/2 TSP Mustard
Black Pepper
Salt
Paprika
Parsley to garnish
Directions
Peel and boil potatoes. In a separate pot boil your eggs. Let cool. In a large bowl grate half of the potatoes and half of the eggs. Chop remainder of the potatoes and eggs into cubes. Finely chop the celery, onions, radishes and add to mixture.
Add a serving spoon size of Mayonnaise and the 1/2 tsp mustard and thoroughly mix. If not moist enough add more Mayo. Sprinkle with black pepper and salt and mix until you reach your desired consistency.
Finish with a dash of paprika and garnish with parsley. Place in fridge until ready to serve. So good!Political Action HQ for WEA Members
Political Action HQ for WEA Members
Gov. Jay Inslee released details about his education budget Thursday, December 18. He unveiled new and more fair revenue sources – a step in the right direction. Yet his overall budget falls far short of fully funding our kids’ education as required by the McCleary decision and I-1351. It doesn’t provide for competitive professional compensation for educators, and underfunds higher education.
“If we are serious about every child’s future, let’s get serious about doing what works – funding our schools so every child receives more one-on-one attention and has caring, committed and qualified educators in the classroom to support them,” said Kim Mead, WEA president.
Watch for more details after the holidays.
Monday night, Gov. Jay Inslee released a preview of his education budget. He makes some much-needed progress on education funding, but his plan falls short of meeting the requirements of both the McCleary decision and I-1351. That is unacceptable. We urge you to tell the Governor and your legislators to fully fund smaller class sizes in… Continue Reading
Click here to email Gov. Jay Inslee and your legislators! The state Constitution makes it clear: Fully funding public education is the state’s paramount duty. The Supreme Court, in its McCleary decision, has ruled Washington is failing to fulfill that paramount duty to our students, and the court is holding the state in contempt. In… Continue Reading
Washington ranks 47th out of 50 states for class sizes. As educators, we know our kids deserve better and that is why we are passionate supporters of I-1351. The class size initiative is such a good idea because of what it does – reduces average class sizes for all students and increases opportunities for… Continue Reading
It’s a great day for Washington’s students. This morning, Class Size Counts delivered about 325,000 signatures to lower class sizes to the Secretary of State’s office. We expect the final count to approach 350,000 when CSC turns in a second and final batch on Thursday. With these numbers, I am more than confident that Initiative… Continue Reading
32032 Weyerhaeuser Way S., Federal Way, WA 98001-9687Floto+Warner + Mark Zibert + Julia Fullerton-Batten + 2015 PDN Photo Annual
We are pleased to announce that three VAUGHAN HANNIGAN photographers were included in this year’s 2015 PDN Photo Annual. An image Mark Zibert shot for Adidas “It’s Blue. What Else Matters?” campaign was chosen for their “Best in Advertising” category. Floto+Warner’s Colourant series was chosen for “Best in Personal Projects.” Julia Fullerton-Batten’s promo was included in their “Best in Self-Promotion” category. Below, we have included all our photographer’s winning images but be sure to check out all the winning images on the 2015 PDN Photo Annual winner’s gallery.
Click here to see all the winning images from 2015 PDN Photo Annual.
Click here to see more work by Floto+Warner. Click here for more work from Julia. Click here for more work from Mark.Docket Management
Docket: 00D-1598 - Voluntary Labeling Indicating Whether Foods Have Been Developed Using Bioengineering
Comment Number: EC -264
Accepted - Volume 78
Comment Record
Commentor
Ms. Denise Brennan
Date/Time
2001-03-20 01:37:46
Organization
Ms. Denise Brennan
Category
Individual
Questions
1. General Comments
I am writing to request the government take every step possible to ensure that Genetically Modified products are not sold in the United States until extensive testing can demonstrate that these products hold no immediate or future threat to our health, and the health of our environment. In the meantime I also demand, at the very least, that products currently containing GM ingredients be so labeled, to allow consumers the possibility to make educated choices on this most serious matter. I am very angry that just this week CNN has reported that one of the products I feed my little boy (Morningstar Meatless Corndogs) has been recalled due to the fact that this product was made wrongfully with genetically modified corn that was approved only for animal feed. Why has the FDA failed to protect my family? Why has this technology been allowed to proliferate without the necessary safety measures required to protect people? Why is it that European governments can responsibly refuse to purchase GMO products, yet I cannot rely on my own government to do so in order to protect the interests of its own citizens? I have no more patience - It is essential that you do your job. Protect my family. Protect those who you were charged to protect... before it is too late. With Great Sincerity, Denise Brennan
EC -264HPAT deprives 111 students of places
“A significant number of students who successfully repeat the HPAT exam exit another third level course such as pharmacy, to study medicine thereby denying other students a place on those courses, the HPAT review will report …” (more)
[June Shannon, Irish Medical Times, 18 September]Tags: HPAT, medicine, pharmacyMay 11, 2015
WASHINGTON [MENL] -- Thousands of Americans could be recruited by IslamicState of Iraq and Levant.
May 07, 2015
ABU DHABI [MENL] -- Saudi Arabia has ordered satellites from the UnitedStates.
May 05, 2015
NICOSIA [MENL] -- The Syrian Army has sustained heavy casualties in theSunni revolt.
Apr 30, 2015
TEL AVIV [MENL] -- The president of a leading Israeli defense contractor hasresigned.Topic: Treatment of recurrent intrahepatic cholangiocarcinoma … 3/abstract
cholangiocarcinoma.org :: discussion boards
a resource for patients, friends, caregivers and loved ones.
You are not logged in. Please login or register. … 3/abstract
Thanks for this Marion.
Anytime, dear Gavin.
Thank you sweet Marion
Lisa
You are more than welcome, sweet Lisa.
Hugs
Marion
The information expressed is not medical advice. The discussion boards are not intended to replace the services of a trained health professional or to be a substitute for the medical advice of physicians or other healthcare providers. Read the full disclaimer. into hot, sterilized jars. Seal with two-piece canning lids and process in boiling water bath for 10 minutes.
Makes 10 1/2 pints.Back to School Special - Dell PowerEdge 2850 Server 5 Pack 2x3.2 3x73 6GB Raid RPS for $1,295
Back to School - 5 Pack of Dell PowerEdge 2850s: $1295
Enter coupon code B2S28505PK for the exclusive pricing of $1295 ($259/Server)
Now through August 31, 2011 or While Supplies Last
Buy More, Save More!
2x3.2/2M/800Mhz Xeon Procs
6GB Memory (6x1GB)
3x73GB 10K U320 SCSI Hard Drives
Perc 4e/di Raid Kit Installed
Redundant Power Supplies
1 Year Velocity Tech Solutions Warranty
(Upgrade to 3 Year Parts Warranty for only $99)
Because every kid needs a server to throw in their backpack for school nowadays.
@pxb006: Because going "back to school" isn't just for kids anymore.
Just a fun little idea to get you back in the mood. Universities, schools and school medical facilities (to name just a few) are gearing up for school and this is the best time to replace and upgrade servers. Especially with a great deal like this. This has been a very, very popular item the last couple of weeks.
2 Comments add a comment
Sort By:We shared this activity with a couple of friends yesterday.
1-get a piece of butchers paper and lie it flat on the ground. Get the child to lie on it.
2-trace around the child. In the case of the kids we had here the size of the paper allowed us to trace the torso and head with part of the arms.
3-give the child something to draw the details in. Textas work well with butchers paper.
4-let them go wild! Don't interfere and tell them what they "should" be drawing. Wait and see
5-once they are done you can ask all sorts of questions about the picture or just hang them up
6-clean up all the textas from the tiles :-/
We are playing along with Childhood 101's WE PLAY. Check it out for lots of great play ideas and maybe even link up your own.
3 comments:
That looks like fun!
It is fun to draw on large paper! My husband works in the printing industry, so sometimes they want to throw out paper and he saves it and brings it. This means that we have tons of paper for crafting and some even really large sheets. I laid out one, like the size of a rug, and we had a lot of fun drawing on it!!
Love the eyelashes! We love body outlines too :)
Bwahahaha - my word verification is 'fooke' LOL - small things ;)Stock Up on These Too-Cute School Supplies
Even with the high-tech toys hitting the market every day, people are still looking for traditional options, and companies are responding with childhood favorites, such as wooden toys, plush stuffed animals, and fun blocks. Speaking of good, old-fashioned building blocks, we liked these Goodwood Deconstruction blocks from Around Square. Kids can make impressive structures with the colorful pieces, and the company is matching all purchases with a donation to a childcare facility, so underprivileged children can also enjoy it.
Pictured: Around Square Goodwood Deconstruction Blocks: $18-36, aroundsquare.com
Some toys are classic for a reason, but every now and then even toy store staples come due for an upgrade, and companies are getting creative. International Playthings’ new Crash adds a fun new twist to the Jenga game we know and love. Targeted to a younger crowd, this game puts even more pieces into play, and the dice determine which piece you remove.
We also spotted a reinvention of the puppet theater from Haba. The Doorway Puppet Theater ($47, habausa.com) transforms any doorway in your home into an instant, full-size puppet theater by way of a tension rod and ornately designed fabric.
Pictured: International Playthings Crash (ages 4+): $19.95, intplay.com
What Do You Think?Giving by Family Foundations Recovering Slowly, Report Finds
According to a new report from the New York City-based Foundation Center, American family foundations contributed more than $20 billion in 2010 to organizations and people working for the public good.
Issued annually, the latest installment of Key Facts on Family Foundations (4 pages, PDF) reported a 1.1 percent increase in family foundation giving between 2009 and 2010, a reversal of the previous year's 3.4 percent drop. The report also found that family foundation giving in 2010 remained below the pre-recession peak of $21 billion registered in 2008. In the U.S., family foundations, fully a third of which have been established since 2000, account for the majority (63 percent) of giving by independent foundations.
Although education was the top priority of family foundations in the Northeast, Midwest, and South, health received the biggest share among family foundations in the West, largely due to the giving of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.The Rains of Ranchipur
Do you fear the force of the wind,
The slash of the rain?
Go face them and fight them,
Be savage again.
—Hamlin Garland, “Do You Fear the Wind?”
Changes in temperature and precipitation are linked in the climate system. So we should not be surprised to learn that climate models of a future world say that changes in precipitation patterns will occur in response to increasing levels of carbon dioxide in the air.
The IPCC 1996 Summary for Policymakers stated that the expected scenarios in a greenhouse gas-warmed world call for “more severe droughts and/or floods in some places and less severe droughts and/or floods in other places.”
From a scientific viewpoint, the IPCC statement is odd because it is empty of specificity. It combines results from many climate models, none of which is validated. For this reason, all of the predictions can be regarded as equally probable—or improbable—and perhaps none is right.
By combining all the outcomes, we must somehow believe that the true result miraculously emerges from the unproven models. And alongside the truth, the models also produce confusing debris of incorrect results. Perhaps listing an ensemble of results from unproven models gives them a ring of veracity. But how do we know which specific outcome is correct, or that the correct prediction even lies among the many scenarios they produce?
The answers must come from the application of the scientific method, which requires testing the models against good measurements from the real world. A model can make correct predictions if accurate observations validate it. Even then, however, its predictions may be faulty. Still, a good model is a necessary first step in making a credible prediction.
One important feature of the climate system is the hydrological cycle—its pattern of precipitation. Studying changes in, for instance, tropical precipitation is a useful way of testing modeled knowledge of the hydrological cycle, for two reasons. First, tropical precipitation is a driver of global climate change. Second, results for tropical precipitation are known to vary among different models.
B.J. Soden has made just such a comparison of tropical precipitation results, using an ensemble of 31 atmospheric models. He compared year-to-year changes among several key climate parameters. Carrying the comparison over several years is a good approach because it covers the important El Niño-Southern Oscillation cycle, which is a source of major climate influence over a period of years in the tropics as well as over the globe.
Compare the observations and model outputs for the tropics. On the bright side, three of five observed parameters are well modeled: the amount of water vapor (our main greenhouse gas), tropospheric temperature (the temperature of the lower atmosphere), and outgoing long-wave radiation (the heat the Earth emits back out into space).
But the simulated precipitation change ranges from 0.03 to 0.10 millimeters per day (which averages to 0.06 mm), while the observed range in precipitation is a factor of three to four larger. The models also underestimate the amount of change in the absorbed long-wave radiation.
How can the models predict atmospheric temperature change correctly when precipitation, an important factor influencing temperature change, is so far off the mark? There are only three possibilities: Either the observations are wrong, or the models are wrong, or both the models and the observations are wrong.
Wrong models?
Soden argues that if the observations are adequate, then the 31 models are fundamentally flawed. After considering several climate processes, Soden focuses on the models’ inability to explain the observed amount of long-wave radiation absorbed at the surface of the Earth. Such an error might arise, for example, from a poor simulation of low-lying clouds, which closely govern radiation balance in the climate system.
Another problem with the 31 models is their common procedure of specifying sea-surface temperature and then calculating atmospheric response. A. Kitoh and O. Arakawa point out that this process neglects the coupling between air and sea and produces unreliable results. Their bottom line? A model whose sea-surface temperature is fixed can produce a mean state of climate in the tropics very different from that produced by a coupled model.
Wrong observations?
Enough model criticism. What if the observations are wrong? If we do not have an accurate picture of current climate, then it is impossible to validate the models of future climate, so the models’ predictions are not credible.
That the ensemble of models simulates year-to-year changes in the tropical temperature fairly well, yet gives incorrect results for precipitation, leads to two conclusions. First, modeled temperature change is insensitive to model inaccuracies, so it’s a poor way to diagnose systematic errors. And second, precipitation change is a good way to diagnose modeling errors and offers some hope of building credible climate models in the future.
Back to science.
References
Kitoh, A., and O. Arakawa, 1999. On overestimation of tropical precipitation by an atmospheric GCM with prescribed SST, Geophysical Research Letters, 26, 2965–2968.
Soden, B.J., 2000. The sensitivity of the tropical hydrological cycle to ENSO, Journal of Climate, in press.
Sallie Baliunas, Ph.D., and Willie Soon, Ph.D., are colleagues at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics. This bimonthly contribution to Environment & Climate News is made possible by the George C. Marshall Institute, Washington, DC, where Baliunas is senior scientist and Soon is a visiting fellow.Ex-Cop Gets Third Degree
Pellicano Briefs
Team Pellicano is now taking its turn at bat, but the past few days of the defense’s case have seemed like prosecution by other means. Last Friday co-defendant Mark Arneson took the witness stand on his own behalf and the affable, three-hour colloquy between Arneson and his.
Saunders mocked Arneson’s dogged insistence that he was paid $2,500 per month by Pellicano for broadly defined “security consulting” duties and not for his digging up private citizens’ Social Security numbers, arrest records and home addresses. After a four-day break, trial resumed Wednesday with Saunders’ relentless interrogation. If, however, the prosecutor’s Friday cross-examination was withering, at times Wednesday it was merely sputtering. Saunders’ sardonic tone was still evident, but the more he sought to show that Arneson had lied about filing for bankruptcy in 1998 to stave off foreclosure of his Rancho Palos Verdes home, the more he shifted the jury’s attention away from the trial’s central focus – the alleged criminal conspiracy by Pellicano and his co-defendants to illegally wiretap subjects and to sell their identities.
As the day dragged on at least one juror was seen with her eyes closed, her head occasionally rolling. Yet Saunders almost committed a blunder far worse than losing juror attention. For, as court was adjourning for its 15-minute noon break, the prosecutor stepped over to the defense lawyers and, according to Hummel and co-counsel Adam Braun, advised Hummel, “I’m going to ask that your client be remanded for perjury.” It was a dangerous moment of hubris because the jury was still filing out of the courtroom and was well within earshot of Saunders’ comment.
After the break Judge Dale Fischer determined that only one alternate juror had overheard Saunders utter the word “perjury” and denied Hummel’s heated demand for a mistrial. Arneson’s ordeal on the stand finally ended at 1:35 p.m., but not before Saunders, who’d finally moved off the topic of Arneson’s alleged bankruptcy petition (even the prosecutor referred to its continued discussion as “beat[ing] a dead horse”) had established the damaging fact that Arneson, a representative of law enforcement, had disclosed the existence of an LAPD undercover operation aimed at an organized-crime bookmaking crew on the Westside to Pellicano, who then contacted members of that crew, offering to sell them Arneson’s information.
With no trial scheduled for Thursday, Friday may well see Hummel bring Hollywood superlawyer Bert Fields to the witness stand. That could turn into a grilling both sides willWashington credit unions serve the state's legal recreational marijuana industry..
New rule exam for Evergreen State credit unions focuses on consumer and regulatory compliance, including FFIEC, BSA.
One of the fastest growing types of fraud is elder financial abuse, which the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau tabs as a $2.9 billion annual problem..
O Bee Credit Union of Tumwater, Wash., will give away $15,000 and five iPads to the winners of its Capture the Tag contest, co-sponsored by TwinStar Credit Union and the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions, among others..MIAMI, Nov. 14, 2012 /PRNewswire-iReach/ -- BIGSTAR Movies (), the one-stop destination for the best award winning movies, is proud to announce the exclusive release of Oscar Corral's full-length documentary 'Tom Wolfe Gets Back To Blood'. The much-anticipated film features a closer look at Tom Wolfe, one of America's most iconic and hilarious authors, as he treks across Miami's ethnic bloodlines for the sake of fine satire.
(Photo:)
'Tom Wolfe Gets Back To Blood' is an independent, full-length film that represents a new era in multimedia literature. It coincides with the nationwide release of Tom Wolfe's newest novel, Back to Blood, revealing the behind-the-scenes story of his new book in the first-ever documentary about the iconic American writer and his craft.
Award-winning journalist Oscar Corral tracked the master satirist Wolfe over four years as he meticulously researched the book in Miami. It features footage of Wolfe meeting with countless sources, hitting the streets in his dapper wingtips and signature white suit, and keeping a close eye on what drives this unique, immigrant-filled city.
"We are very excited and proud to be the platform of choice to bring this film to the public," said Xavi Dalmau, President and CEO. "This is what BIGSTAR is all about and we hope to help future forward thinking visionaries & filmmakers such as Oscar Corral."
'Tom Wolfe Gets Back To Blood' is currently available to stream instantly at BIGSTAR Movies, who have just surpassed over 2.4 Million Movies Watched on its video on-demand service. BIGSTAR's success is based on consumer enthusiasm, a unique selection of thousands of award winning and independent titles, and the convenience of being able to instantly stream hard-to-find festival favorites and international movies on a variety of internet-connected devices, including iPad, iPhone, Yahoo! Widgets (Samsung, Vizio, Sony TVs), Google Android, Roku Players, Palm WebOS, Vizio TVs, Samsung TVs, PopBox players and many more.
For more information and to see the trailer for 'Tom Wolfe Gets Back To Blood', please visit.
About BIGSTAR Movies
BIGSTAR is the one-stop destination for the best award winning).
Media Contact: Andre Rodriguez BIGSTAR Movies, 310-880-8562, andre@bigstar.tv
News distributed by PR Newswire iReach:
SOURCE BIGSTAR MoviesMacaroni and Cheese is one of those dishes that will feed an army and please just about everyone. Today I want to share my girl, Trisha Yearwoods Slow Cooker Macaroni and Cheese recipe.
This macaroni and cheese dish is very good, very simple, and only requires a handful of ingredients. It does take about 3 hours to cook, so the hardest part of the whole thing is just having a little patience.
I kept finding myself peeking under the lid to check out what was going on LOL. I know not to do that with crock pot recipes, but it's so hard to resist the aroma.
I'm sure I will get slammed by the high calorie and butter police, but that's OK, everything in moderation right? You can pair this dish with a vegetable and salad on the side to help cut down on some of the fat.
Keep in mind that you can always substitute with whole wheat pasta, light cheese, 2% or fat free milk and less butter. I'm not sure what the results would be like by changing up the ingredients, so keep that in mind if you go with a lighter version..
For some reason I thought it said un cooked, but I didn't it said cooked. I am happy to say that in the end the macaroni and cheese turned out great even without cooking the macaroni first. If you're looking for a easy dish to take to a get together, I recommend Trisha's Slow Cooker Mac & Cheese.
Trisha's Crock pot Macaroni & Cheese
Ingredients:
Directions:
Recipe yields: 12 servings
36 comments:
Hi,
This is my first time on your blog. The food looks really delicious.
I linked a red cabbage and Carrot Coleslaw recipe to your Sunday Potluck which is low in fat and high in slimming vegetables. It's a great complement to eat with your macoroni and cheese dish..
Ohhhh Tina....that Mac and Cheese looks SOOOO fabulous...makes me want to Freak the Freak Out, lol! Thanks so much for posting and for hosting my favorite potluck ;)
Can't wait to try that mac&cheese! I linked up my Lemon Cheesecake pie which I made the first time my father-in-law visited from Maryland, now he's heading to Texas again for Spring Break. Thanks for hosting!
Hi Tina! This week I am sharing my recipe for Mashed Garnet Yams With Bacon And Chipotle. I made it twice last week (I forgot to measure how much it made the first time!) It is really an incredible combination of flavors and I am happy to have more in the fridge right now!
Thanks for hosting!
Oh yummy! That mac and cheese looks so good! Its really cold here today and a big bowl of that would be perfection. Thanks for hosting the swap. I brought peanut butter balls.
Oh my goodness! Mac n Cheese in a crockpot! Awesome! I am so making this!! : )
OMGosh...comfort food in a crockpot....thans for sharing an easy version of M & C! As always, my thanks for hosting the hop as well.
Happy Sunday.
Wow your mac n cheese looks awesome! I love making homemade macaroni and cheese but it always takes too long. I love that this version goes in the crock=pot so I could make it early in the day for dinner.
I never tried Mac & Cheese in the crock pot. I've got to give this a try! Thanks!
No butter police here...I just made a cake that used 4 sticks! LOL
This looks so great.
I have had good luck with Trisha's recipes so I know this will be no exception! :)
Oh - I made the German Chocolate Cheesecake. It turned out great. That frosting was amazing!!
Oh my gosh! I can't wait to make this mac 'n cheese. I'm really enjoying the Trisha recipes you are making. I have to get her cookbooks, since I love southern food too. We are practically neighbors!
Hi Tina, I have to say, I think YOU cooked the recipe right with uncooked macaroni. 1 measuring cup of cooked macaroni to serve 12 people is not right. 1 cup uncooked will swell up with the liquid and make far more volume. I dont think 1 cup already cooked macaroni would stand up to 3 hours in a crock pot and still be good. I will certainly try it your way first cause I think it is RIGHT! I am linking up a divine way to cook chicken. Turn it upside down! Enjoy your sunday evening. All the best, Alex
I assumed by the recipe 8 - ounces elbow macaroni, cooked would mean to meausre 8 oz of dry macaroni first and then cook it. I don't think one cup (8oz) cooked would be near enough for this recipe.
Loved your recipe :)
Oh my, yum! I'm going to give that a try! :)
PS- Your recipes look DELICIOUS and I can't wait to try one out!
That mac-n-cheese looks scrumptious. I tried making it once before in the slow cooker and it didn't turn out right but you and Trisha have given me hope. I think this will make an appearance at Easter Dinner.
Do you still happen to have the recipe links which were in today's linky tool? There was a pizza palmier recipe there I wanted to try and I can't find the link by searching other places. Thanks!! -Eve
I made a double recipe of the Crockpot Macaroni and Cheese for our church Chili Cook-Off so the kids would have something they liked. By the time I got over to taste it, it was GONE! The recipe worked perfectly and everyone loved it. Two hours on high is plenty.
I just made this delicious dinner and we love it :) I agree that there was not enough macaroni, so i added macaroni and decreased the cheese because I used pre shredded. I think I really have it figured out for next time. I cooked the mac first and it did come out a little mushy, but I am not brave enough to not cook them at all. Next time I am going to undercook them. Thanks for the recipe!
I have been making Mac and Cheese in the crock pot (same recipe btw)for at least 20 years. I have always cooked the macaroni first according to the directions. It has never been mushy, I cook it Al dente. Always so good and I now have to double everything and make it it my big crock pot. I don't even put any butter in mine at all and it is just as good. Mine does look a little creamier than your picture, and that is probably the difference between cooking the pasta and not cooking it, but the taste is what matters. I may have to try it your way by not cooking the macaroni. We actually had a family gathering today and it was Italian fare. One of my great-nephews came up to me and said "did you bring your mac & cheese"? I told him I thought it would be a little pasta overload with all that we had.
I just made this mac n cheese tonight!! It is amazing!! I put my foot right in it!! My husband's mother makes good stuff apparently but to him its better!!! WOW am I EXCITED!!!! I followed it almost to a T but changed the temp and time as I was on a time crunch, but it is amazing!!!! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!! TRY THIS!!! its easy simple and delicious!! also opt for low saturated fat and cholesterol butter, such as vegetable oil spread, its healthier!!
I'm a bit confused. 8 ounces is equivalent to a cup and that's supposed to be 12 servings?
@kayla that is what the recipe stated for the servings in Trisha's cookbook and on the foodnetwork here is the link:
Why does it look like the milk curdeld? Followed recipe but cooked in the oven. Any suggestions would be great. I was so looking forward to this. :(
YUM! This has become my staple recipe for macaroni & cheese! I have your blog bookmarked! passed it on to my sister as well! I have made this one 20+ plus times! SOOO GOOD! this is the only recipe we use for family events, etc....
I don't cook my noodles before I put them in, another reason I love it! I use bag cheese...I cook it on low for 2 hours, stir it and put it on warm and it is at perfection at the 2.5 mark!
Thanks for sharing!
Lindsey
I have tried probably a dozen recipies for mac and cheese and they all turn out clumpy and greasy when cooked due to the cheddar cheese. I am hoping this one turns out good, I am planning on trying it this 4th of July.
I've read the reviews and giving it a go. My family loves mac & cheese. I don't do boxed and the real deal takes time. A crock-pot version is too good to be true.
I noticed some confusion among readers regarding the amount of macaroni. Ounces are weight and cups, teaspoons, etc. are volume. I looked up the ratio of uncooked to cooked and it's 1:2.1...so basically the cooked macaroni doubles its weight.
I'm going with 8 ounces of uncooked and praying it'll turn out. I also cut back on the cheese after reading Sheri Bowman's experience with the oil.
Crossing my fingers!
Update to yesterday's comment:
It turned out really good. Here's what I changed as well as some helpful hints:
*8 oz. dry macaroni
*3 eggs
*1 c. fat-free milk (that's all we had)
*1/2 c. fat-free half and half
*no butter
*1 pound shredded cheese
I didn't put the last portion of cheese on top until it was done.
I noticed the pasta wanted to clump together. I ended up stirring the ingredients several times during the cooking process.
When it's done, IT'S DONE! The macaroni will continue to expand, turning the dish into a solid mass of cheese flavored goo (as discovered after letting it sit).
I tasted the true finished product and it was wonderful. Not grainy or overly greasy. Too bad no one else did...lol.
In closing, I plan on making this recipe again. Thank you for sharing!
I made this to take to a pot luck dinner. It was gone so fast! I made a few changes to the recipe: I forgot the eggs (unintentionally), I used 14 ounces of penne pasta, and I used a combo of sharp cheddar and Colby jack cheese for a total of 24 ounces. My crock pot is 6 quarts and it was ready in 3 hours. This is not a low cal dish by any means. I did use whole wheat penne, but everything else was the real deal. It is really yummy and so easy!
I really dislike eggs in macaroni and cheese, because it comes out curdled looking. Next time I will remember you unintentional trick.
Made this tonight and I did 8oz macaroni by WEIGHT, which ended up being just under 2 cups of uncooked macaroni. Then I cooked it al Dente and followed the rest of the recipe. I feel that it was the perfect measure of macaroni - it wasn't dry OR soupy, but I really wish the cheese hadn't been so clumpy - which, unfortunately is the typically result of using cheddar. Would love a super smooth and cheesy version like Stouffer's mac and cheese. Has anyone tried Velveeta or American with this recipe? I just wonder if that would eliminate the clumpy cheese curds from the finished product.
I agree about the clumpiness of the cheese, I would definitely try it again with valveeta. I made mine with colby jack cheese. I also think stirring it a few times would help with the clumpiness
Tina! Your recipe looks delicious. I showed it to my friend, and she loved it. She decided to try it and so she did and it turned out to be really good. We used less butter just because we wanted to be more healthy (I know, macaroni and cheese and healthy don't go in the same sentence).. Thank you!
I'm going to try this with two changes. Being an onion freak, I'm going to add 1/2 of a med. onion (chopped) to the mixture, which I add to my Mac & Cheese recipe, then I'll bake the mixture in the oven for the recommended time less five min. With five min left to bake, I'll carefully remove the dish from the oven and sprinkle French Fried Onion Rings (canned) over the top of the surface and put back into the oven for the last five min. Or until the onion rings brown slightly. OMG , friends and family that are not wild about onions love my Mac & Cheese!BELLEVILLE – As each inning passed in what was a nail-biting scoreless thriller, Mount Olive senior right-handed pitcher Chris Grillo kept pleading with his Marauder teammates.
“Just get me one,” said Grillo to his teammates in every inning after the fifth against Cranford Wednesday afternoon in the overall NJSIAA Group III semifinals.
“All I need is one,” Grillo said repeatedly. “C’mon now, get me one.”
Little did Grillo know that he was the one who would provide the one — albeit in the bottom of the 11th inning.
Grillo, already having pitched 10 brilliant scoreless innings, led off the bottom of the 11th with a double down the right field line. With two out and pinch-hitter J.B. Biale at the plate, Grillo broke for home in an attempted steal.
Seeing Grillo coming, Cranford catcher Sam Scheer stepped in front of the plate to see if he could nail the oncoming Grillo, but he made contact with Biale.
The home plate umpire immediately ruled that Scheer interfered with Biale — technically called a catcher’s balk — and Grillo was awarded home. There was a brief discussion between the three umpires, but the initial call stayed. The Marauders had the 1-0 victory.
Mount Olive was headed to its first NJSIAA Group III championship game. The Marauders (23-6) will face the other semifinal winner, Mainland Regional, in the title game Saturday in Toms River.
Mount Olive head coach Jim McDermott knew that he was going to try to steal home with Grillo on the play.
“It was a straight steal,” McDermott said. “I saw the lefty pitcher (Tommy Trotter) and I knew how long it would take him to come home. We timed it out perfectly. J.B. faked the bunt and moved back in the batter’s box and the catcher hit him. I knew it was catcher’s interference and was waiting for that call.”
Grillo was excited when he saw the steal call.
“I knew I was going to make it,” Grillo said. “I had nothing in front of me. As it turned out, I’m the one to score the run to get us to Toms River. It’s an awesome feeling and very special.”
Grillo was outstanding on the mound, going 10 strong innings, allowing just three hits, striking out five and walking four.
“I was confident today with my stuff,” Grillo said. “I could have stayed out there longer.”
But NJSIAA rules, trying to protect pitchers’ arms, prohibit any pitcher going more than 10 innings in a four-day span. Grillo’s day was done after 10 innings and there was nothing to show for it. The game was scoreless.
“The kid is a bulldog,” said McDermott of his starter.
Give credit to Cranford starting pitcher Patrick Knight, who matched Grillo goose egg for goose egg over nine innings, allowing just three singles and striking out nine.
“That kid was outstanding,” McDermott said. “We couldn’t figure him out.”
Trotter retired all three batters he faced in the 10th inning, before the fateful 11th frame.
The Marauders had to face adversity in the top of the final inning, when McDermott gave the ball to sophomore left-hander Connor Henry.
Henry had pitched in pressure situations before, earning six saves this season, but nothing like what he faced Wednesday.
“In the beginning of the game, I always think like I’m going to get in,” Henry said. “But the way Chris was pitching, I didn’t think I get a chance. As we went late into the game, I knew I had to get ready.”
Henry was asked how his emotions were when he took the mound.
“To be honest, it was crazy,” Henry said. “I was really nervous. But I got the job done.”
Henry overcame a hit batsman to retire the Cougars (18-7) with ease, setting up the final inning heroics.
“It was awesome, but I’d much rather have Grillo have the win,” Henry said. “He was awesome. He earned it.”
On two occasions, the Cougars had a runner reach third base, but didn’t score. In the third inning, Mount Olive’s sensational defensive centerfielder Devin Mathura made a spectacular diving catch to end the inning. In the sixth inning, Cranford had runners on second and third with two out, but Grillo got a groundout to second to end that threat.
The Marauders were also helped by turning two big double plays in the field.
“That’s how we play,” McDermott said. “Pitching and defense. We only needed one.”
Just like Grillo was preaching to the choir practically all afternoon. The Marauders got the one needed run and now they’re headed to Toms River Saturday to join Roxbury in what should be a baseball smorgasbord for Morris County.
“We’re just going to go play and have some fun,” McDermott said. “This is a real good feeling.”
“It’s a crazy way to end the game, but there’s no greater feeling in the world,” Grillo said. “It was totally a team effort. We did the little things right and made it get pretty dramatic in the end.”
Cranford (18-7) 000 000 000 00 – 0 3 1
Mount Olive (23-6) 000 000 000 01 – 1 4 2
2B: MO-Chris Grillo.
WP: Connor Henry (2-0).LP: Tommy Trotter.
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsNews
Fairfield Co. GOP Predicts Big County Win Due To Candidate Visits
By: Taylor Mirfendereski, Tom Hodson
Posted on:
UPDATE 11:51 PM Fairfield County Republican Chairman Kyle Farmer said Tuesday he would be disappointed if he didn’t get a 60 percent vote for the Romney-Ryan ticket after they visited his county in early October. He didn’t get the vote he wanted.
In 2012, Romney garnered 58.21 percent while President Barack Obama received 39.96 percent. The margin of a GOP victory is essentially the same as in 2008. It is less than the margin for President George W. Bush over Sen. John Kerry in 2004. That year the GOP trounced the Democrats by 26 points.
Fairfield County traditionally votes Republican, but Gov. Mitt Romney and Cong. Paul Ryan's visit to Lancaster in October may inflate the GOP’s numbers in the county and be a boon to the Romney-Ryan ticket this election day in Ohio.
That is the hope of Kyle Farmer, the chairperson of the Fairfield County Republican Party.
Farmer says the county visits from the top two members of his ticket is an indication that the campaign is engaged with and cares about his community.
"The single most valuable resource in a presidential campaign is the candidate’s time. To have the candidate invest time in your community is something that is pretty special and folks understand that,” he said.
Farmer said he expects his party to win by a larger margin this year in Fairfield County than in the last presidential election.
“For us to win the election, we’ll have to have a significantly better result than we did in 2008. I will be disappointed if we are not around 60 percent at the end of the night tonight for Gov. Romney,” he said.
In 2008, Sen. John McCain out-polled Barack Obama in the county by nearly 18 points (59 percent to 41 percent.) In 2004, Pres. George W. Bush trounced Sen. John Kerry, 63 percent to 37 percent.
In fact, the only time Fairfield County voted Democratic for president in the last nearly 50 years was in 1964 when Pres. Lyndon B. Johnson defeated arch-conservative Sen. Berry Goldwater.
Farmer said he believes that the Romney-Ryan event gave a boost to the enthusiasm he saw with his volunteer base in Fairfield County.
“Obviously, having both candidates together was unusual, and to draw nealy 10,000 people to the event was something pretty special for us. We were very excited to have them and really saw a boost in people participating in the campaign after that happened. So, I think it was very valuable for us,” Farmer noted.
He said that it helped the early GOP voting efforts in the county and gave a major push to the Republican get-out-the-vote operation.
“This has been the best that we’ve had since 2004. I think the biggest thing is that our volunteers and our voters are much more enthusiastic this time around,” Farmer said.
Although, Vice-President Joe Biden visited Fairfield County this past weekend, Farmer thinks it was too late.
“I think the Vice President’s visit was so late in the campaign that it didn’t have a chance to boost their volunteers' enthusiasm, and therefore, translate into additional voter contact,” Farmer cited.
He claims that Fairfield County Republicans are much more excited this time around. He said that they believe that the President’s policies have hurt middle class residents, and that creates much more enthusiasm to win this election.
Later tonight, we will see if Farmer’s predictions are accurate and whether the Romney-Ryan visit trumped that of the Vice President.Extreme Road Trip 2 Review
Developer: Roofdog Games
Price: FREE
Version Reviewed: 1.3
Device Reviewed On:<<
Endless runner games are a dime a dozen these days. They are great for casual gamers who just want to pass a few quick minutes. Extreme Road Trip 2 is one of the latest endless runners to hit the scene and is the sequel to the first Extreme Road Trip. This second edition packs in some new features, new cars and more free gameplay.
Road trips can sometimes take unforeseen turns. Like getting the gas pedal stuck and driving out of control through the desert. This scenario seems frightening but Extreme Road Trip 2 turns it into an adventure. Like all endless runner games, the object is to keep going as long as possible. Players take the wheel of the speeding car and use on-screen tilt controls on either side of the screen to tilt the car forwards and backwards. The territory is a bumpy one and there are mounds that will boost the car high into the air. While in the air, the car can do flips when either the left or right button is held down. Points are awarded as more distance is traveled and extra points are awarded for any flips done during the ride. The reckless journey comes to end when players crash or run out of gas. There are gas cans strewn about to refuel so players will need to strategically control the car to be able to gather up as many cans as possible to keep the car moving.
One major difference between Extreme Road Trip 2 and its predecessor is the presence of missions. Three are listed at one time and once one is completed, another comes in to take its place. I like this format of having a few missions to complete at a time because it gives a sense of progress instead of just playing to achieve a better distance score. I also like that the game gives players the chance to get new cars and upgrades by collecting coins during each round. The original game only unlocks new cars via in-app purchases.
The developers have done a good job at keeping this game free yet worthwhile at the same time. Those familiar with the original Extreme Road Trip will find a few welcome differences that definitely make this sequel worth the download. I’d recommend it to anyone looking for a new endless runner to kill some time.Difference between revisions of "EmfIndex Comparison"
Revision as of 03:59, 2 September 2009
This page is intended to compare the two index implementations form different viewpoints such as
- API
- Performance
- Memory Consumption
- How to build a convinient Query API on top of the low level API
Contents"Warning:
The NCBI web site requires JavaScript to function.
more...
Generate a file for use with external citation management software..
National Center for
Biotechnology Information,
U.S. National Library of Medicine
8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda
MD, 20894
USAAn inexperienced garbage truck driver took out a number of utility lines in the neighborhood of North Front Street this morning, leading to interruptions of electricity, phone, and traffic in the area for several hours.
According to reports of eyewitnesses and workmen, a County Waste truck carrying a dumpster in its elevated position turned onto North Front Street around 10:15 AM, and caught the utility lines extending over the intersection with Church Street, breaking them. The driver continued, apparently unaware of the mishap until his truck was stopped when it caught more lines in front of the Jewish Congregation on North Chestnut Street.
Jessica, an employee of Handmade and More on North Front, saw the truck go by. “He hit a tree and then the power lines,” she said, mentioning that she'd heard reports that the driver had strewn garbage along Main Street, as well.
Shawn Kaan, a construction manager for Verizon, concurred that it was a County Waste truck. “He only has about three weeks' experience,” Kaan said. “He stopped when his truck got caught up in the wires by the Jewish Congregation.”
The wires at the corner of North Front and Church were repaired by around 2PM, although some local businesses and residents were still without phone service. Moreover, traffic into the businesses dried up completely while North Front Street was closed to effect repairs.
According to Kaan, Central Hudson was also on site to repair their equipment.Image Credit: Glen WilsonFans of Grey’s Anatomy who think they’ve suffered enough of late should probably stay clear of the soundtrack to the new comedy Get Him to the Greek, which hits stores June 1. On the CD, which features material penned by Jarvis Cocker of Pulp and The Libertines’ Carl Barat amongst others, British comedian Russell Brand channels the spirit of his …Greek character Aldous Snow, a debauched rocker with a fondness for songs about having sex while on drugs and stroking furry walls while, uh, also on drugs.
What does all this have to do with Grey’s? Well, one of the tracks—a NSFW ditty called “Riding Daphne”—finds Brand recalling a particularly lubricious game of doctors and nurses he played with the lady mentioned in the title. At one point, Brand sings about engaging in some very heavy petting while his partner watches a certain medical drama. In fact, the song, which was penned by singer-songwriter Dan Bern, actually manages to rhyme “Grey’s Anatomy” with “she… sat on me.”
Yesterday, we called the comedian to see what he had to say for himself. Brand revealed that he doesn’t watch Grey’s Anatomy, and wasn’t sure how he had developed “such a loathing for it.” The comedian did admit, though, that he was curious about what the Grey’s cast would make of the song.
“I await with bated breath,” he said, “as I would were they about to give me a prostate exam.”
Are you an appalled Grey’s nut? An amused Russell Brand fan? I’ve posted the trailer for Get Him to the Greek after the break. Check it out and tell us what you think.
The eighth hour saw the rain finally relent and the track start to dry and the braver drivers sent for slick tires. Marcel ‘The Duck’ Fassler who was so impressive in the wet, getting to within 38 seconds of the leader at one stage, couldn’t repeat the trick as conditions improved and dropped back to fifth. Bruni continued his charge and piloted the 2 Ferrari into 2nd overall, closely followed by the 16 IMSA Performance Porsche and keeping things tight in GT2. The BMW with a Dirk in it continued to lead and we welcomed back the 69 Speed lover Porsche after it had spent 4 hours in pit lane.
Hour nine found the irrepressible Fassler in his 50 Phoenix Audi chasing down The Dirks’ 79 BMW and allowed us the first journalistic cliché of the evening as ‘bad luck struck the 13 car’ when Richard Westbrook collected the 64 BSR Aston and pitted with substantial damage to the Prospeed 911 before beginning a series of rejoining and pitting again as they worked things out. Also, the metronomic BMW Motorsport outfit had an issue with the second car as 78 boxed for fuel and wouldn’t re-start. The resulting lengthy stop required to get it going again effectively saw any chance of the top step of the podium disappear but it remained 2nd in class, ahead of the 91 EBRT Porsche 997 Cup containing, amongst others, the youngest driver in the race in Christoff Corten who was having his first drive here and in only his fifth competitive drive, ever!
Hour ten saw the 200th lap completed and the Safety Car out and bunching the field after the 67 United Autosports Audi R8 hit the gravel trap in Turn 7 , the final right of the right-left-right of Les Combes. Cue everybody to hit their boxes, including the 67 that had managed to keep going. The 67 was at it again 20 minutes later as, with Alain Li at the wheel, it spun in the Burxelles hair-pin, Turn 8, one corner later than his predecessor went off in. Fortunately Li kept the Audi going and re-joined without the need for a further Safety Car.
79 BMW led from 2 AF Corse Ferrari, the 50 Phoenix Audi, and the 16 IMSA Matmut Porsche right behind not far ahead of the 23 BMS Porsche 911. Five cars on the lead lap with just seconds between P2 and P4, thanks Safety Car, and the Audis are praying for more rain.
Strange things are said to happen ‘at the eleventh hour’ but, a puncture for the 50 Phoenix Audi aside, not so here as BMW continued their strong showing by leading from the front.
Pedro Lamy from the 78 BMW popped his head out to confirm what we could all see; that the BMWs had an issue with the wet conditions but really got it hooked it up in the dry. He added that they has gear shift issues as well as a problem with the starter and this caused the long pit-stop.
The BMW PR girl must have felt the need for some sleep as she turned-out another driver, probably, before turning-in herself. Step-forward Dirk Andorf (Dirk 2nd class or Chief Under-Dirk to Dirk Muller) who proved the rule that a tired driver, in the middle of the night, will state the glaringly obvious before grabbing some much needed rest in the trailer; he told us they were having a good race and that the weather dictates things at Spa, he did admit that the team wanted it dry for the rest of the race however.
On a more racing related note; the 68 United Autosports Audi was up to fourth in the GT3 class and a very creditable 8th overall followed closely at 46 seconds back by the Trackspeed Porsche 911 also running fourth in class, GT2, and ninth overall. Not at all bad for the fellow first-timer teams.
Lap 266 saw the race cross the 12-hour half-distance mark and the 79 BMW leading the field, Dirk Werner (Dirk III) at the wheel, for the 11th hour of the twelve so far; the two BMW Motorsport M3’s having jumped the 2 car in the pits after second hour rain and it subsequently suffering damage to the rear right after getting tagged by the 85 Gulf Team First Lamborghini.
Dirk Werner set the fastest lap of the race thus far shortly before the clock ticked the twelfth hour when on lap 264 he posted a time of 2:22.710 a lap ahead of the second placed Ferrari F430 with Eric van der Poole who has a good incentive to win in that if he does he will have collected 6 trophies here and will be the winningest driver of the Spa 24. Nathan Heywood reporting from Spa
Full classification at half distance:
independent internet online publication and is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed
by IndyCar, NASCAR, FIA, Sprint, or any other series sponsor.
This material may not be published, broadcast, or redistributed without
permission.Antique English Art Nouveau Tile
Click thumbnails for expanded view.
- $135.00
- Quantity Available: 1
Terrific antique English art nouveau majolica tile from T.& R. Boote, design registered 1905, depicting a stylized peony (?) in pale celadon on a cream field. The tile is in very good condition with slight edge nicks and fine overall crazing as shown; some surface marks not noticeable unless raked against the light.97
- Quantity
- 1
- Category
- Ceramics
- Department
- Antiques
- Type / Pattern
- majolica/floral
- Maker
- T&R Boote, Ltd.
- Year
- 1905
- Dimensions
- Width: 6 inches
- Height: 6 inches
- Depth: 0 inch
- Weight: 1 pound
-
- Condition
- very good
- Style
- art nouveauMoscow (May. 18)
Official reports in the Soviet press relate that a pogrom on the Jewish population of Balche, ten kilometers from Mazar, Afghanistan, was perpetrated.
Every Jewish store and many Jewish houses were robbed and wrecked. The city is in the territory where military operations against the deposed King Manuella, are being conducted. The local authorities are encouraging the soldiers to attack the Jews, the report states. The pro-Manuella troops have occupied Mazar and are moving toward Balche. No further details are available.Anhydrous sodium methylate
This page gives a guide to making Biodiesel from anhydrous sodium methylate (ASM), a liquid catalyst which can be used in place of the more conventional sodium hydroxide or potassium hydroxide catalysts.
Anhydrous sodium methylate (ASM) is a white powder in pure form but for practical use as a catalyst in diy biodiesel it is dissolved in pure methanol at 25% to 30% concentration. In this form it is a colourless, viscous fluid with a slightly sweet alcohol smell - very similar to methanol which, after all, makes up a large proportion of the fluid volume. ASM is both highly flammable, corrosive and toxic through inhalation, skin contact and ingestion. It evaporates readily to leave a white powdery residue and at low temperatures it tends to precipitate out as a colouless crystal.
Availability
Compared to sodium hydroxide and potassium hydroxide which are readily available from a number of chemical suppliers around the UK, ASM is somewhat harder to source. One well known biodiesel chemical supplier does sell it in various pack sizes from 25litre HDE cans to 1000litre IBCs and new sources are starting to appear. Current (Sept 2012) prices are in the £1.50 to £2.20 per litre range
Storage
Shelf life of ASM is quoted as 12 months from delivery if kept dry and in original packaging. Storage temperature should not exceed 30°C, and at temperatures below 10°C the active ingredient may start to precipitate. Warming, combined with agitation will help re-dissolve the active ingredient.
Crystallisation temperatures of ASM solutions:
- 25% ... -2°C
- 28% ... 0°C
- 30% ... 5°C
The pros and cons of using anhydrous sodium methylate
Pros
- Mixing it with methanol is as easy as making orange squash
- Being a liquid, there is no corrosive dust to worry about
- Being around 70% methanol, using methylate requires less methanol in the batch
Cons
- Methylate is considerably more expensive than solid catalysts although this can be offset against methanol savings
- Availability is still an issue although this is improving
Julesandtash 21:11, 15 September 2012 (BST)So...
About the epilogue...
I changed my mind...
I love this story so much and I'm not ready to see it end.
So it's not ending.
Can you say
SEQUEL?
Yes! I'm going to write a sequel. It's called Shattered and the first part is already up! It will be less crime and more romance. It will deal with more of the relationships then the... um... crime stuff. SO, if you only like this story for the crime... well... you might be disappointed with the sequel because there won't be much crime or suspense. Unless you count whether or not Dei and Sasori will finally get together... I haven't even decided if I want that yet.
But, I was writing the epilogue when I thought... Wow... I really don't want this to end. And Deidara and Sasori's relationship needs to be built more before they get together. I can't do that in an epilogue. I bet my readers would like to read their growth. So, I decided on a sequel.
Now, the sequel will take place 5 years after Forgotten Children. I hope it won't be too confusing and some questions you might have about FC will probably be answered in the sequel.
So, I really hope you guys read it. It would mean a lot to me!
Thanks!
And Happy reading!
+Matt+Release: 03/11/2014
2014 NCAA Division I Men’s and Women’s Track and Field Championships — Albuquerque, N.M.
When: Friday-Saturday, March 14-15, 2014
Where: Albuquerque Convention Center in Albuquerque, N.M.
Live Results: FlashResults.com
The saying goes that there is no place like home. The Lobos hope that proves to be true.
In Albuquerque, four University of New Mexico track and field athletes are aiming high against the nation’s best at the 2014 NCAA Division I Men's and Women's Indoor Track and Field Championships Friday and Saturday.
Lobos Luke Caldwell (5,000-meter run), Adam Bitchell (5000),Elmar Engholm (mile) and Kendall Spencer (long jump) are looking to score when they compete at their home facility, the Albuquerque Convention Center, for the UNM- and Albuquerque-hosted national championships.
“I’d like to get the people that are in the meet in position to score,” UNM head coach Joe Franklin said. “That’s the goal: can you score at the national championships, can you be top eight?”
All four Lobos competing are capable of scoring this weekend, and have the experience — both at the national championships and at their home facility — to produce the requisite top-eight finish.
They will also have the added benefit of competing on their home track.
“It’s a huge deal whenever you have a chance to run at home on your home track,” Franklin said. “… There’s going to 1000 people that know you who you are, and that’s a positive.”
With a hometown crowd and home-field (and home-track) advantage, the Lobos are in position to continue their trend of scoring at the national championship, which includes a tie for eighth place in 2010 and a tie for 15th in 2012. UNM tied for 49th last year.
Over the last five seasons, the New Mexico men have scored at each NCAA Indoor Championship, a streak only bested by a six-year stretch from 1975-80.
But the Lobos can tie that run this year behind their four top-notch athletes.
Caldwell, a three-time track and field All-American, is one athlete with designs on a fourth scoring effort at this year’s championships.
The senior from Betchworth, England, was eighth in the 5,000 at the 2013 NCAA Indoor Championships in Arkansas, and could better that this time on his home track.
He enters the competition with a season-best time of 13 minutes, 42.50 seconds, which led the Mountain West in 2014 and ranks sixth in the nation.
“I think [the key is] just being in a position where [he] can challenge,” Franklin said of Caldwell. “He’s been pretty conservative at the last couple of championships.”
Nonetheless, he’s a definite threat to score and owns a personal record of 13:40.39 that doubles as the New Mexico and Mountain West record over 5,000 meters.
Bitchell will also competing in the 5000 Friday night alongside his teammate.
The Aberystwyth, Wales, native carries a personal-record clocking of 13:44.70 into the championships, which is third all-time in school history and ranks fourth all-time in MW history.
He is the No. 14 seed in the championships, and has performed strongly in past cross country seasons and during this season in track, where he placed top-four in the mile, 3,000 and 5,000 at the MW Indoor Championships two weeks ago.
“I think Adam can be right with Luke,” Franklin said.
Caldwell and Bitchell just the second pair of teammates in school history to qualify to the NCAA Indoor Championships in the 5000, joining Rory Fraser and Chris Barnicle in 2010.
The top seed in the field is Wisconsin’s Reed Connor (seed mark of 13:37.42), but Franklin points to Oregon freshman Edward Cheserek (13:40.51) and Arizona senior Lawi Lalang (13:41.58) as the pair to beat.
Also getting in on the action on the track is Engholm, one of just three athletes in UNM history to run a sub-four-minute mile.
The Stockholm product holds a personal-record time of 3:58.90 in the mile, making him the second fastest miler in UNM history behind two-time NCAA mile champion Lee Emanuel.
His mark ranks 12th in the field and led the MW in 2014.
“Elmar is very fit,” Franklin said. “He has not had a hiccup the last five weeks. … I think him making the final is realistic and that’s the goal.”
Unlike his teammates, Engholm set his personal record in Albuquerque on the same track on which he will be racing Friday. He registered that time at the Don Kirby Elite Invitational on Feb. 15, which gives him the fifth-best time in the mile by a collegian in Albuquerque Convention Center history.
Arizona’s Lalang has the top seed time of 3:52.88.
The final Lobo competing, Spencer, is aiming to recapture his title as NCAA Champion.
The 2012 NCAA Champion in the indoor long jump, Spencer is advancing to his third-straight national championship indoors, an unprecedented feat in New Mexico history.
The San Mateo, Calif., senior enters with a season-best mark of 25 feet, 9 ¼ inches in the long jump, achieved when he won his third consecutive MW title in the long jump at the MW Championships.
His personal record, which is also the school record, is 26-3 ½.
“He’s in a very good spot right now and he’s having a lot of fun,” Franklin said.
Despite not registering a mark at last year’s championships, Spencer has been more consistent lately, including a sixth-place showing at the USA Indoor Track & Field Championships last month.
“This year is very similar to the year he won [the NCAA championship],” Franklin said. “If you look at his jumps early in the year, they were all similar to those jumps when he won. His jump at the conference meet was similar to what he did at the conference meet the year he won.”
His mark ranks seventh in the field, with Rutgers’ Corey Crawford leading the field (26-11 ¾).
With the four athletes accepting bids for the NCAAs, the Lobos are sending four or more athletes to the indoor championships for the sixth consecutive year, extending the longest streak in program history. The indoor high is eight athletes, reached in 1978 and 2009.
The Lobos' four entrants are also significant in relative to the rest of the Mountain West. Seven male athletes from MW institutions are competing at the NCAAs, one each from Air Force, Colorado State and Wyoming.
The meet starts Friday at 10 a.m. with the beginning of the heptathlon and continues Saturday at 11 a.m. with the conclusion of the heptathlon.
The Lobos will compete on Friday at 6 p.m. MT with the long jump and the semifinals of the mile and at 8:25 p.m. MT with the 5000.
Live results will be available on RecordTiming.com and the meet will be streamed live on ESPN3 on March 14 starting at 5:55 p.m. MT and March 15 starting at 5:50 p.m. MT. A tape delay of the championship will air Saturday, March 22, starting at 4:30 p.m. MT on ESPNU.Archives → 1959 → 4/6
- Barber Acquitted Of Two Charges
- Castro Accepts Invitation to Discuss Cuban Revolution Before Law Forum
- Crimson Rugby Wins in Bermuda
- Crimson Swim Team Crippled by Injuries In IC4A Nationals
- Debaters Tour
- Decade of Defense
- DeSapio to Address Law School Forum On Party Policies
- East of Eden
- Education School Given Ford Foundation Grant
- Golf Results
- Jerome D. Greene Dead at 84
- Lacrosse Team Tops Hofstra, 5-4, Stevens, 10-4, in Opening Games
- Members of Faculty To Address Meeting
- SAC Commander Warns Against Lax Production of War Material; Hope Shown for Su...
- Transcendental Flowers
- University, MIT Hold Reporters' Seminar For Science Field
- Varsity Baseball Squad Victorious On Annual Spring Tour in VirginiaEating disorders overlooked, the glamor of “thin” distorted
There have been ample arguments suggesting why eating disorders occur, but fighting the illness is rarely discussed in depth. Linda Yarrow, assistant professor of human nutrition, discussed the topic of life after an eating disorder and tactics on how to handle the illness at Wednesday’s “Fighting the Beast Within” lecture.
Yarrow discussed how she personally dealt with two separate eating disorders, despite her status as a registered dietitian and a human nutrition professor. Her struggle with an eating disorder began when she started college.
“I had no idea about eating disorders, which is why I could justify not seeking help,” she said.
Yarrow began college at a healthy weight, but after her sorority sisters began dieting for an upcoming dance, she began to join in on the dieting and exercising. The way Yarrow went about the diet, however, was not healthy.
“I put myself on a 500 calorie a day diet,” Yarrow said. She later stopped eating at the dining hall because it proved to be “too much of a temptation,” so she began eating only out of her room. The consequence was losing 30 pounds that school year.
Yarrow then went through lifestyle changes. She married and transferred to K-State. Instead of dieting, Yarrow began to eat more out of loneliness and an outlet to make her feel better.
Loneliness is not the only trigger of eating disorders, however, Yarrow said. Some other triggers of eating disorders include depression, anger and sexual and physical abuse.
“Deal with your feelings first,” said Tim Underwood, psychology intern at Counseling Services. “You’re not going to get a hold of the food until you get a hold of your feelings.”
Feelings, Yarrow and Underwood said, are usually the underlying reasons why a person develops an eating disorder. TV shows like the “Biggest Loser” and “I Used To Be Fat” do not reinforce healthy eating either. Yarrow recounts a story from “I Used to be Fat” about a young man, who with the help of a trainer, lost 140 pounds in 90 days to get ready for college. This quick-fix encourages a person who may not have the same resources to take drastic, unhealthy approaches to lose weight, Yarrow said.
“It’s not dieting; it’s lifestyle change,” said Dianna Schalles, registered dietition at Lafene Health Center. “Gradual lifestyle changes that are realistic for a person and not looking at the number just on the scale.”
Health risks for eating disorders include heart disease, malnutrition, tooth decay and high blood pressure. Underwood emphasized that getting outside help besides counseling is very important.
“Get help from not just (Counseling Services) but also people you are close to,” Underwood said.
While Yarrow is still dealing with her compulsions, like obsessively counting calories and wanting to binge on food, she believes she is dealing with the illness and has not binged in five years.
Sensible Nutrition and Body Image Choices, the K-State peer education group, offers resources and support to anyone interested in more information on eating disorders and healthy eating. Their website is
“While my family and I believe in the Biblical definition of marriage, we love and respect anyone who disagrees.”Specials & Closeouts
50 years of experience and relationships with the vacuum cleaner manufacturers. We know the sales, service and support staff of these companies personally because we speak with them regularly. These strong relationships truly benefit our customers.
In addition to the many special purchase opportunities on brand new vacuum cleaners, the manufacturers also regularly
offer Bank's Vacuum SuperStores overstocks, blemished products, factory reconditioned products and other closeout items they want to liquidate quickly. Bank's Vacuum SuperStores then offers these special purchase opportunities to customers at our regional stores and on our website.
Many of these items sell quickly so check with us often to take advantage of these truly unique offers. All items on Bank's Vacuum SuperStores website are brand new in factory sealed cartons unless noted in the item's description.Deluxe Heavily Padded Contemporary Lavender Vinyl Kids Recliner with Storage ArmsProduct Code: BT-7985-KID-LAV-LAV-GG] Child's Recliner. Overstuffed Padding for Comfort. Additional Headrest Cover Included. Lavender Vinyl Upholstery. 25''W x 26'' - 39''D x 28''H
Specifications
- Brand:
- Flash Furniture
- Model #:
- BT-7985-KID-LAV-GG
- Ship weight:
- 35 lbs 4 oz
- Sold As:
- 1Barbara K. Hofer is a Professor of Psychology at Middlebury College in Middlebury, Vermont. She is the co-author, with Abigail Sullivan Moore, of The iConnected Parent: Staying Connected to Your College Kids (and Beyond) While Letting Them Grow Up, published in August 2010 by Simon & Schuster/Free Press.
Hofer received her Ph.D. from the University of Michigan, an Ed.M from Harvard, and a B.A from the University of South Florida. She is the recipient of the Review of Research Award from the American Educational Research Association (with Paul Pintrich) and the McKeachie Early Career Teaching Award from the American Psychological Association, and recently served as Secretary of APA Division 15, Educational Psychology. She has published several dozen articles and book chapters, and co-edited the book Personal Epistemology: The Psychology of Beliefs about Knowledge and Knowing. She was a Faculty Fellow at Doshisha University in Kyoto, Japan, in 2002 and 2008.How<<
Applying?
Earth Day Tip ~ Sustainable Eating
April 22, 2011
You are what you eat, and how you eat it. Locally grown produce, also known as Slow Food, is not only good for you, it’s good for the environment, too.
On this Earth Day, I pose the question about agriculture because the food industry is an enormous one with a huge lobby behind it. Reducing the need for food transport alone by shopping at our local farmer’s market instead of big chain food stores can have an impact on the Earth.
Nature Conservancy is working with various groups to ensure sustainable food for us all. Here are some of the top stories I’d like to share with you.
1. Grass fed beef in Arizona
An Arizona beef cattle rancher saves millions of gallons of water by switching to native grasses. Something as seemingly simple as planting native grass is actually part of a paradigm shift for the Mercers. Not only is it a change in how they operate, but also who they work with. (TurfMutt would be so proud of this shift! His children’s plat science education program supports the notion of native plants over imports to sustain the natural habitat and surroundings.).
2. Sustainable Seafood in California
In Morro Bay, California, The Nature Conservancy worked with local fishermen to to establish 3.8 million acres of no-trawl zones off California’s Central Coast. Historically, groundfish — species that live close to the sea floor — have served as the backbone of fisheries in this region. But the overreliance of traditional bottom trawling — a fishing method that drags nets along the sea floor — led to habitat damage habitat, harm to other marine species and a decline in local fishing income. The partnership is now pioneering innovative ways to catch fish, and this work has already improved the environmental and economic performances of the local fishery.
The Clive Runnells Family Mad Island Marsh Preserve is located near the midpoint of the Texas coast. For more than twenty years, the Franzen family has leased land on the preserve to grow rice, which creates feeding and roosting opportunities for native and migratory birds. The arrangement has benefited their family, the Conservancy and the human and wildlife communities of the Texas coast.
4. Oysters in Mass.
Happy Earth Day, Ya’ll! Now go hug a tree and bow to the Mother that holds us all!A columnist of the British paper – The Independent – has in an opinion piece, said it is necessary to first understand where the desire to rape women comes from in order to defeat it
According to Owen Jones, understanding why rapes occur not only in India, but also in other parts of the world “means linking it to a broader continuum of violence against women.”
While strongly condemning the December 16 gang rape of a 23-year-old woman in the Indian capital New Delhi, Jones.
He further states: “It’s not just the overt aggression. It’s the sexual harassment and objectification of women by men that provide fertile ground for this violence.”
As a country, he says that the United Kingdom doesn’t take rape survivors seriously.
“A 2009 study revealed that Britain has the lowest conviction rate of 33 European countries: it’s a shockingly pathetic 6.5%. Survivors often struggle with a misplaced sense of shame, of somehow bringing it on themselves, of fear; an all-too pervasive sense of victim-blaming discourages them from coming forward and having to facing down their attacker,” he writes in his opinion piece
In his article, he urges men to,” Jones says
He concludes by saying:  the victim inspire everyone – everywhere – to defeat this horror once and for all.”Posh Linings Fabric
Details
Item # prd32708
$4.99 $2.49-$2.99
Variations
- Select Color:Click on a swatch to check availability and Add to BagSelect a name from the menu to check availability and Add to BagCOLOR:View Details
Product Actions
Additional Information
Description
Posh Linings 58'' serve as the perfect lining fabric for your apparel projects. Made of 100% polyester, these easy-to-care-for 58-inch linings add more volume and comfort to apparel fabrics. Available in many beautiful colors, you can pick the right shade to match your fabric color. Whether you use them for dresses or sheer tops, these polyester linings are the right choice for all! Sold by the yard.
- Width: 58 inches
- Content: 100% polyester
- Made in Japan
Reviews1. Scope. StandardNFPA1981 Standard on Open-Circuit Self-Contained Breathing Apparatus for the Fire Service
ASTM Standards
B117 Practice for Operating Salt Spray (Fog) Apparatus
D1003 Test Method for Haze and Luminous Transmittance of Transparent Plastics
D4101 Specification for Polypropylene Injection and Extrusion Materials
ISO StandardsISO9001 Quality Systems--Model for Quality Assurance in Design, Development, Production, Installation, and Servicing ISO9002 Quality Systems--Model for Quality Assurance in Production, Installation, and Servicing. ISO/IECGuide65 General Requirements for Bodies Operating Product Certification Systems
ICS Code
ICS Number Code 13.340.30 (Respiratory protective equipment)
UNSPSC Code
UNSPSC Code 46182000(Respiratory protection)
DOI: 10.1520/E2952
ASTM International is a member of CrossRef.
Citation Format
ASTM E2952-14, Standard Specification for Air-Purifying Respiratory Protective Smoke Escape Devices (RPED), ASTM International, West Conshohocken, PA, 2014, to TopAdvertisement - Continue Reading Below
Best Physical Prowess: Iowa Video
Our bachelor from Iowa shows off his physical prowess.
8 Body Image Struggles All Latinas Understand
Not having a J.Lo booty, no matter how many squats you do.
15 Flirting Mistakes Every Woman Makes
Never making a move ever and hoping he guesses that you like him.
More From Sex & RelationshipsWarning:
The NCBI web site requires JavaScript to function.
more...
Generate a file for use with external citation management software.
Young patients with breast cancer represent a unique cohort of patients who often have different treatment plans than older patients. We hypothesized that the rates of contralateral prophylactic mastectomy (CPM) were significantly higher and those of lumpectomy were significantly lower in young patients compared with older patients and that this trend persists when adjusting for patient, tumor, and facility factors.
We used the National Cancer Data Base (NCDB) to study 553,593 patients from all ages with American Joint Committee on Cancer (AJCC) stage 0 to II breast tumors, who underwent lumpectomy, unilateral mastectomy, or CPM from 2003 to 2010.
Over the entire cohort, lumpectomy rates decreased from 67.7% in 2003 to 66.4% in 2010 in contrast to women 45 years old or less, in whom the lumpectomy rates went from 61.3% in 2003 to 49.4% in 2010. Unilateral mastectomy went from 28.2% to 23.9% and CPM from 4.1% to 9.7% compared with women 45 years old or less, in whom unilateral mastectomy rates went from 29.3% to 26.4% and CPM rates from 9.3% to 26.4%. Age was the most significant factor related to increasing CPM rates: 19.7% of women between 41 and 45 years old underwent CPM vs 5.1% of women between 66 and 70 years old. There was substantial regional variation in surgical procedures for young women: lumpectomy rates were lowest in the West and CPM rates were highest in the Midwest. Multivariate logistic regression showed that women 45 years old or younger compared with women more than 45 years who underwent CPM were more likely to be Caucasian, treated at an academic/research institution, have larger tumors, higher grade, higher stage, and lobular histology.
The rate of CPM continues to increase, with one-quarter of younger women undergoing CPM. This trend persists across all patient, tumor, and facility characteristics.
Published by Elsevier Inc.
National Center for
Biotechnology Information,
U.S. National Library of Medicine
8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda
MD, 20894
USAThe FX is damn good for that. I would go for the 8320 and overlock to 8350 level or more as needed because I'm a penny pincher.
Intel does, the 1155 will be replaced by the 1150 for Haswell and Broadwell.
Right but saying it's a dead end somewhat implies it's also a poor buy.Third-year pro signed with Bengals as free agent prior to Game 3 ... Entered NFL in 2011 as a third-round draft choice of Philadelphia and played in 22 games over the ’11-12 seasons ... Played 15 games in ’12, with 10 special teams tackles and six tackles on defense ... Played in first two Eagles preseason games this season, missing last two with hand fracture.
2013 HIGHLIGHTS: Played on special teams Sept. 22 vs. Green Bay (no statistics).
CAREER TRANSACTIONS: Selected by Philadelphia in third round of 2011 NFL Draft (90th overall) ... Signed with Eagles on 7-28-11 ... Waived by Eagles on 9-5-13 ... Signed with Cincinnati as free agent on 9-18-13.
There's a lot of speculation about who is going to take injured backup Robert Geathers's snaps at left end.Articles Tagged ‘smash bros.’
News
New Super Smash Bros. Unveiled, Adds Animal Crossing, Mega Man to the Mix
By Chris Holzworth, News Editor
Posted on June 11, 2013 AT 08:08am
Posted on June 11, 2013 AT 08:08am
As promised, Nintendo unveiled the next installments of their Super Smash Bros. series during their E3 2013 direct presentation..- Linux (12)
- Mac (11)
- Windows (11)
- Grouping and Descriptive Categories (8)
- BSD (2)
- Modern (2)
-
musify
musify aims to be quick and easy mark-up for chord notation on the web. Enables better formatting of chord symbols, figured notation, time signatures, pitch class set theory, simple macro music analysis in web pages.37 weekly downloads
OSCAR
OSCAR (Open Source Chemistry Analysis Routines) is software for the semantic annotation of chemistry papers. The modules OPSIN (a name to structure converter) and ChemTok (a tokeniser for chemical text) are also available as standalone libraries.2 weekly downloads
Xi Spectrum Viewer
Mass Spectrum Viewer Tool2 weekly downloads
Bulgarian Creative Circle
Bulgarian Creative Circle Suite is built with the organization growth in mind. It provides a CMF(Content Management Framework) for building scalable web-applications.1.1 weekly downloads
nanoWIME
nanoWIME is a simple, flexible, easy-to-use javascript based WikiMarkup editor
Google Analytics 4 WebSphere Portal
Active Site Analytics adapter for Google AnalyticsEvent Name- OR - Select an option below
With a second Bush term looming, the amenua of procedures here may be fatally limited, but for now, the clinic provides free pregnancy testing, the morning-after pill, the RU-486, and abortions for women up to 24 weeks. Minors are encouraged (but not forced) to get parental consent. First trimester abortions run from $350-$450.1108 Mersey Ln, Raleigh, NC 27615
OFF MARKET
- Beds: 4
- Baths: 4 Full
- Single Family Residence
- 3,626 sq ft
Listing Details
- Assessed Taxable Amount
- $462,763
- Tax Amount
- $3,064
- Last Transaction Date
- 12/31/2013
- Last Transaction Purchase Price
- $457,000
- Property Type
- Single Family Residence
- Bedrooms
- 4
- Rooms
- 8
- Floors
- 2
- Home Size (Sqft)
- 3,626
- Lot Size (Sqft)
- 39,204
- Lot Size (Acres)
- 0.Plus: The last days of Nunu and Blue Marble at All Good Things; a “political” bar or café on Beekman; new renderings of Brookfield Place.Comments off
Plus: More Arne Svenson coverage; lights coming back on at Hudson River Park esplanade and bike path; big new art gallery; B Flat review; Water Taxi accident; another Lenny’s; Greenwich buildings for sale.Comments (6)
Plus: A clue about the Flor de Sol space; Macy Gray; 250 West’s $42 million penthouse; Aamanns-Copenhagen outdoor seating; dairy visit; Dig Inn; a soothing tea.Comments (1)
Plus: Jem Fabric Warehouse’s closing sale; something happening at the old Flor de Sol space?; subway entrance; TriBattery Pops; a wine tip.Comments off
Plus: Verizon nearly done with post-Sandy improvements; Tribeca Film Festival; 137 Franklin progress; kudos to Clementine; “The Pathos of Things” at Carriage Trade. UPDATE: Flor de Sol is reopening AboCa.Comments off
What was discussed: Pier 26 concerts (including a third one by Fun.), the Tribeca Family Festival, sidewalk-café licenses, and more.Comments (2)
Also on Community Board 1’s January agendas: a 15-year-old restaurant appears to be closing; Tribeca is getting another Mexican restaurant; a new bar/restaurant on Franklin Street; a new fitness facility on Church; and more.Comments off
Recent Comments
I completely agree with the price increases needing to be... — Shannon on Suggestion Box: Le District
It's height is as-of-right, so no. — Bill on We Need to Talk About 56 Leonard
As your Democratic District Leader, I see three sources of... — Jean Grillo on We Need to Talk About 56 Leonard
The flower shop is very nice. The owner is very... — Scott on Suggestion Box: Le District
I think Beaubourg serves a different brunch menu (though it's... — Erik Torkells on Suggestion Box: Le District
I'd love to see a real brunch menu at one... — Dee Dee on Suggestion Box: Le District
It started in summer of 2010, according to the PDF... — Erik Torkells on The Chambers Reconstruction Is Finally EndingIt sounds like the White Sox will truly entertain a contract extension for right fielder Jermaine Dye, but only if they get him at a discount price once again. They’ve paid just $16.75MM for Dye to hit .280/.344/.542 for them over 381 games so far since 2005. Among right fielders, only Vladimir Guerrero has slugged higher from 2005 to present.
Dye says "Something can probably get done." Joe Cowley of the Chicago Sun-Times believes Dye wants three years, but the White Sox are hesistant to even do two. I get the impression the Sox want to do one year with a reasonable option for 2009, but might guarantee the second year if the price is right. A decent comparable might be Jim Edmonds‘ two-year, $19MM extension. However, Dye wouldn’t get the no-trade protection Edmonds did. And the Edmonds contract might actually serve as a cautionary tale for Kenny Williams.
The White Sox will have some offseason alternatives for right field – Kosuke Fukudome, Bobby Abreu, Milton Bradley, Geoff Jenkins, Trot Nixon, and Shawn Green. They’ll have to weigh those players against Dye. Teams often pass on the in-house option just to get some fresh blood, even if it’s not logical. We’ll have to wait and see what the White Sox decide.Hero puch price in india?
Used Cars
Mahindra Bolero SLX (2011)
RJ21 regist also car in Nagaur, final price ... read more
Tata Indigo LS (2005)
I am selling my Tata Indigo LS 2005 bought in Jabalpur in 2005 ,
Hero Impulse - Road test and review
Introduction: Hero MotorCorp was a result of breakup between Hero and Honda, who have been partners in India since 1984. The fallout that happened read more
Audi RS 5 Coupe Road Test Review in India
Hero figures, that’s what defines car makers at the higher end of the spectrum. Audi’s RS line-up has some spine tingling machinery in their highSan Juan County Executive Officer Kim Carpenter described Ferrari's accomplishments to commissioners, who gave him a plaque during Tuesday night's meeting.
In September, Ferrari completed the FBI National Academy Program.
The program includes intense leadership, administration and physical training and is only available to command-level law enforcement officials. Only two New Mexico law officers, who are ranked as a lieutenant or above, can enroll in the program at one time.
"It's training that's comparable to (what) an FBI agent gets along with leadership training," Ferrari said.
There were 277 law enforcement officials in the academy session in Quantico, Va., with Ferrari. The officers were from 49 states, 24 counties, three military organizations and four federal civilian organizations. To be accepted, the officers had to commit to work at least three years in law enforcement after graduating from the academy.
"They want you to be able to take the training and forward it with your agency or another agency," he said. "You have to put it to use."
Ferrari was among six section representatives and two academy class leaders who were chosen by the other officers.
"We will always try to send people to the National Academy whenever its possible, but not everyone can go," Sheriff Ken Christesen said. "He's set the benchmark for the deputies that follow. We're extremely proud of him."
During the academy session, Ferrari took numerous leadership, writing, fitness, psychology and other courses related to law enforcement.
He also completed two physical tests, one was a 6.1-mile run that included a two-mile obstacle course designed by the U.S. Marine Corps. The run included going up and down barriers and rocks with ropes, under barbed wire and through creeks. He swam 34 miles during the academy session to complete the other physical test.
Ferrari is the special operations lieutenant for the sheriff's office. He commands the SWAT, Special Enforcement Team and the Aviation Unit. He also oversees prisoner exchange.
He said he benefitted from being around hundreds of other high-ranking law enforcement officials and seeing their different leadership styles.
"Being around leaders like that and seeing their different leadership styles was incredible," Ferrari said. "There was hundreds of years of law enforcement in one room."
Ryan Boetel may be reached at rboetel@daily-times.com; 564-4644. Follow him on Twitter: @rboetel.UPDATE — 5:50 p.m.
Mayor Ron Robertson and Mayor Pro-Tem James Farrell resigned from the Bartonville Town Council on Tuesday night immediately after the conclusion of a regularly scheduled council meeting.
Both men said they resigned because they did not agree with the direction that the council’s newest members wanted to lead the town, and because they said don’t believe they can resolve their differences with those members.
Robertson and Farrell said that their resignations were effective immediately.
“I’ve given this a whole lot of consideration,” Farrell said during the meeting. “I find myself in a place where I can’t see myself adding value to the direction of the town.”
Immediately after Farrell announced his resignation, Robertson announced his.
“I also will be resigning my position as mayor,” he said. “I really don’t want to be part of this. I don’t see myself working with you guys. I really don’t. I think you’re heading down the wrong direction.”
He added that he believes the council is following the direction of a person that should not be followed and who does not have the best interests of the town in mind.
Story developing.
Town Administrator Stacey Almond confirmed that Mayor Ron Robertson and Mayor Pro-Tem Jim Farrell resigned from their positions during the Nov. 19 town council meeting.
Almond said the resignations are effective immediately.
This story is developing.From: kbernste32@aol.com
Date: Mon Feb 17 2003 - 15:37:43 PST
>>your next vehicle should be a Morton Building...make that >>two Morton Buildings... one for me...
God knows why I'm telling RAM this, but the stupid part is that while I'm toughing it out in the snow, the deuce happily occupied its spot in a closed, heated shop. This was a case of work it where it sits, however. All I can say is it BETTER bring home the trophy this summer. If all the competition looks like Ronzo's beater, I got it made. If Houghton plays, then I'm cooked again.
KB
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.1.4 : Wed Apr 23 2003 - 13:25:29 PDTMake sure that you design your cute little teddy to exactly how you want it, you may choose what ever color's, styles, eyes and any other feature you can think of.
Make the Teddy Bear
More Girls Games
Strawberry Garden
Strawberry Garden Girl Dress up game.
Naughty Twins
The two naughty babies' mom will go to her vacation, so their grandmother has to take care of them. She is so old and the two babies are so naughty. I'm afraid her grandmother crazy by ..
Morning Buns
Every morning is a great reason to cook delicious buns. Trying this recipe you will become a professional chef and it will be much easier for you to make any breakfast you want. The pla..
First Lady
First Lady elegant dress up in middle ages epoch.This deal has ended.
The Cellular Renaissance by Yves Rocher drops from an original $75 to $22, for a 70% discount. Use this anti-aging cream daily to rejuvenate cell growth and help skin regain it's firm appeal. With your order you'll automatically receive one of 4 free gifts, a lavender shower gel, and random samples of other Yves Rocher products. Shipping is $4.95 or free over $40 so check out the rest of the clearance section. Sales tax is not charged in most states.No longer availableSome companies that buy Google's Search Appliance enterprise search device will receive two days of on-site services at no additional cost as part of a special promotion to "welcome" new customers.
The program, called ROI JumpStart, is currently available to companies in the U.S. and Canada that buy a Search Appliance with capacity for at least a million documents, Google announced on Tuesday.
[ Discover what's new in business applications with InfoWorld's Technology: Applications newsletter. ]
The two-day service engagements will be provided by Google approved partners with expertise on Search Appliance configuration, deployment and training, Google said. The ROI JumpStart offer runs until Sept. 30.
Although the ROI acronym usually stands for "return on investment," Google uses it in this promotion to mean "return on information," since the Search Appliance is designed to help employees find a wide variety of corporate data more easily.
It will be interesting to see how attractive this offer is to prospective Search Appliance customers, since Google has designed the product to be easy for IT administrators to configure and install out of the box, a key selling point for the device.
In positioning the Search Appliance, Google has argued that the enterprise search market has been historically dominated by sophisticated products that are costly and difficult to implement and use. Google has tried to attract under-served customers with the Search Appliance, an aggressively priced, low-to-midrange product designed to be simple to install, maintain and use.
By offering the on-site services at no extra cost, Google hopes to help customers accelerate and boost the benefits of using the Search Appliance, the company said.
Still, this special offer can be viewed as an acknowledgement by Google that out-of-the-box, self-service implementations of the Search Appliance may not be appropriate for organizations with complex enterprise search requirements, IDC analyst Susan Feldman said.
"The idea for the Search Appliance was to simplify search, but there are some things that you can't do to simplify it. It really is complex once you get into multiple databases, multiple sources of information, multiple [document] formats and multiple kinds of users and types of uses. In those cases, the one-size-fits-all approach is really not an option," Feldman said.
There is definitely a return on investment associated with having good tools for accessing, managing and collaborating on information, so it's crucial for organizations to give employees adequate tools for finding and working with information they need for their jobs, she said. Otherwise, employees waste valuable work time, which drives up costs for their employers, said Feldman, who recently authored a study about this topic titled "Hidden Costs of Information Work."
"This is Google's admission, now that they've had a number of years in the enterprise search business, that complexity really does require some consulting if [the Search Appliance] is going to be used for high-end search," she added.
In June, Google announced a revamped software architecture for the Search Appliance as well as a new high-end model, lifting the product's maximum indexing capacity to billions of documents and making it easier to scale it up..It looks like the "professional tuned" Havi B3 that I have is no longer being offered it seems. Bummer.
They have a new version though, which may be what people will be getting.
From their Taobao page:
Buyers Please Note:
B3 is four dynamic headphones, which is double-sided dynamic headphones. The latest version of the B3 combines ie80 in low and loud sound field and layering tf10, the overall sense of hearing powerful bass, tenor vocals solid, mellow treble, the overall sound of the sound field broad, rich in detail, strong sense of hierarchy, dynamic and strong shake!
It looks like they boosted the bass a bit, upped the mids, and rolled off the treble extension, a la RE-400 style. It is probably still great, but now I need to find out the differences.
These are the ones I purchased a few days ago:
Any idea which ones they are? I couldn't make it out. Just ordered blindly. :pRecently, I ran into several of my high school classmates, who have turned out quite poorly. I didn't really talk to the ones I bumped into, but now I know some of them didn't turn out special or even mediocre. You?
Brandon
Me%20just%20a%20nothing%20flyover
DataLounge get your fix of gay gossip, news and pointless bitchery.
Talking to DataLounge servers.
Please wait a moment... of. Read more »
Material: Bone
Material: Porcelain
Overview of naval operations during the Quasi-War with France.
Hardback.Being Human Season 1 Quotes
I've been watching you with him. You must have been a father once. Probably a great one, right?Rebecca
Cindy: Are you trying to use my son to pick up girls? Because that only works with babies.
Aidan: No, puppies are good, too.
Nora: Oh, you have soft lips.
Josh: I'm a big lip balm guy.
Okay, I don't know what being 'wolfie' means, but I do know that you haven't gotten laid in two years. Josh, be the wolf.Sally
Sally: Did you double down on antiperspirant? You tend to sweat a lot when you're nervous.
Josh: I went through half a speed stick.
I do love to watch you squirm. It's as though you're an artist and awkward is your medium.Nora
I'm bored. Can I go back and watch Josh wash up urine?Sally
Aidan: You know, I've been thinking about last night, and you were right not to make a move.
Josh: Really?
Aidan: No. Look at them. Josh, you can't let Nora go out with that bastard.
Josh: Maybe she's into bastards; I don't know. As long as she's happy, right?
What? You're always throwing it in my face that I'm a ghost. Let's put it to use.SallyMerrell In The Morning Fun You May Have Missed – May 23rd, 2014
Did you hear the Celebration this morning on Merrell In the Morning? Here’s what you missed: FRIDAY, don’t fry day, don’t leave ‘em in the car, and more!
Starting Tuesday, another chance to win George Strait tickets!
Today’s Celebrations
Heat Awareness Safety Day
National Polka Day
National Taffy Day
National Wig Out Day
World Turtle Day
Don’t Fry Day
Celebrity Birthdays
1925 – Mac Wiseman [89] – is born in Crimora, Virginia. He works as a sideman for Bill Monroe and Flatt & Scruggs, and releases his own solo bluegrass records for the Dot label. Wiseman also serves as a founding member of the Country Music Association and joins the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2014
1933 - Joan Collins [81] – actress: Dynasty, The Stud; appeared in Playboy at age 50; sister of writer, Jackie Collins
1954 - Marvelous Marvin Hagler [60] – International Boxing Hall of Famer: middleweight champion [1980-1987]; bouts: 67, won 62, lost 3, drew 2, KOs: 52; changed his legal name to Marvelous Marvin Hagler
1958 – Shelly West ”
1958 - Drew Carey [56] – comedian, actor, producer, writer: The Drew Carey Show, Whose Line Is It Anyway?; TV game show host: The Price Is Right
1974 – Singer/songwriter Jewel Kilcher (Murray) [40] – is born in Payson, Utah. Known professionally as Jewel, she gets established as a pop star in 1996, segueing into the country charts with the 2008 single “Stronger Woman”
Tabloid News
Argentine Go For Wild Ride In Refer Trailer
From -.
“I want to go, they can’t keep me here.” he said just before locking them in the back and driving off. “We grabbed what we could and the papers flew everywhere.”
The inspectors called colleagues who contacted police. The truck was intercepted after a trip of more than 2 miles. They were rescued safe but shivering. The driver was arrested.
Teacher of the Day:
Sponsored by Krissa Bass, an exclusive agent for the Horace Mann Insurance and Financial Service Companies
Lynn Weaver at Huntington Intermediate School is our teacher of the day! She is an amazing and loving teacher….
— Kicks 105 (@kicks105) May 23, 2014
Our Man In Nashville – Jimmy Carter
Some great signs on the plaza for #TimMcGrawTODAY pic.twitter.com/ekANxxyXUQ
— TODAY (@TODAYshow) May 23, 2014- Musician's Friend Best Selection, Price & Service. Guaranteed.
Call our Gear Heads
at: 800-449-9128
Call our Gear Heads
at: 800-449-9128
Results 101 - 120 of 907 matches
A great choice for the classroom.<br /><br />
The line-look for the drums is defined by a strong, vibrant, multicultural theme covering that's bound to be...
Makes music even easier for little hands and beginning ears!
Winner of a prestigious Oppenheim Gold Seal Toy award for product quality, these Remo 6", 8", 10", 12", and...
Musical steel triangle with striker and holder. Available in sizes 4",5",6",and 8".
These Midwest Tiered Straight Standing Choral Risers set the stage for high-impact performances. A solid...
Gives you a hollow, wood tone that makes a great accent.
Perfect protection and portability for 8 bells.
The Rhythm Band blocks are designed for elementary school music programs to offer a variety of sounds and....Money, money, moneyMoney, money, money.Money, money, money3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
I laugh even though I don't find it funny.
How stressed I am because of my lack of money.
How much my life actually depends upon it.
How much the fate of my future actually rests upon it.
How easily you can lose friends because of the lust for it.
How friends can become enemies just because of the hunt for it.
My stress levels increase to the point where I have had enough of it.
I bury my woeful head because I know it is impossible to run from it.
Although I will always need money, I will never have any love for it.
Without money would there be such a thing as rich and poor?
Will the streets still be filled with homeless people and whores?
Will there be any volatile countries wanting to wage a war?
Will there be any destitute and desperate individuals breaking the law?
Will there be any ambitious individuals wanting to break through the door?
What kind of future will this world have in store?
Will there be any reason for living in this world anymore?
Money comes, m
Self-InflictedSelf-InflictedSelf-Inflicted3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
I just hate myself.
I hate the life that I lead.
I hate the things that I've done.
I keep trying to figure out.
Where it is exactly that I went wrong.
No matter how hard I try to evade
And blame others for my actions.
At some point I am forced to accept.
That the problem resides within me
And the answer remains absent.
I am the common dominator.
I am the back stabbing selfish traitor.
It's nothing to do with how I was raised
Or the credentials and intentions of my creators.
We choose our own paths.
We make our own decisions.
It is only us that determine what kind of life we lead.
There may be externa
Astronauti.238,900 miles awayAstronaut3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
A Villanelle on ExistenceNothing in life is ever thineA Villanelle on Existence3 years ago in Traditional Fixed Forms More Like This
Except that old reclusive mind,
You are yours and I am mine.
Such is creation's sole design
Give mankind sight but render blind,
Nothing in life is ever thine.
Solitary is every shrine
In which existence is confined,
You are yours and I am mine.
Lonely are they who walk the line
And yet they know it is defined:
Nothing in life is ever thine.
Aloof the jackal sits to dine
And prey, in prayer does remind:
You are yours and I am mine.
As though birth and death lent no sign,
It takes man all his days to find
Nothing in life is ever thine,
You are yours and I am mine.
HurtI'm all in, might as well stop pretendin',Hurt4 years ago in Songs & Lyrics More Like This
There's no way to take back the words I've said.
I have nothing left to hide.
So please answer this,
Before I'm completely swept away by the tide.
Can you ever forgive me for what I did,
I'm sorry, I never meant to hurt you.
I was just consumed by my greed and desire.
I'm calling, calling out your name tonight.
Saying how ashamed I am,
That I'll somehow make everything alright.
And that I'm not giving up without a fight.
I'm gonna find you and make this right.
When I finally came to my senses,
You had already raised your defenses.
If I had known I would have to sacrifice you,
For the things I want to do,
Then it would have been too heavy a price.
Why couldn't I realize this a little sooner,
Maybe then you would be so far away.
I'm calling, calling out your name tonight.
Saying how ashamed I am,
That I'll somehow try and make this right,
And that I'm not giving up without a fight,
Yeah,I'll find you and make this alright.
I'm just lying here,
F
REDIn red markerRED3 years ago in Urban & Spoken Word More Like This
Love is scrolled across your wrist
Today you exclaim how you will do anything you can to
Prevent Suicide
Today I stand atop the edge of a chair recalling your words...
Kill yourself
You have nothing to loose
No one will miss you...
I pull my face through the noose, it scrapes my face and passes
Salty tears drench my scratches, replicating the pain I've felt my whole life
With the swift jab of my foot the chair falls
I only feel the tug at my throat for a quick moment, then
nothing.
Just yesterday you carved
Useless
on my soul
Today you wrote love on your arms
Sonnet XVIWhen life smites me in its wavering courseSonnet XVI3 years ago in Traditional Fixed Forms More Like This
And colder than winters my winters be,
I look upon Woe with tearful remorse
And wish he would bewail to comfort me.
Yet, tears take a man, and a man alone
Such is the nature of inner downpour
And empty the foyer, vacant the throne
When stormy seas conquer the untrained shore.
Yet, while I speak to airy winds in verse
My rightful purpose I do once more find,
And in frightful pleasure I bless my curse
And to my life, whisper,"Thou art too kind".
To every loved patron my word I give:
Life's will be undone, for thee I shall live.
I Know It HurtsSolid foundations turn to dustI Know It Hurts4 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
Daily fate soars with the breeze
Sometimes it's too hard to adjust
The earth quakes beneath your knees
You find no comfort in warm faces
What you search for isn't there
Your world alone sits in a stasis
Nagging pains you just won't share
Angst filled cannons fire at will
Now you're just making things worse
Your fingers grasp a stubborn pill
Every dose adds to your curse
Unhinged your world comes crashing down
You're just adding to the noise
The will to fight lies underground
Yet you choose to hunt decoys
When things break down you have to move
If you think your core asserts
In time these scars life will remove
Trust me friend I know it hurts
You Broke Her DownThis isn't want she wanted,You Broke Her Down3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This.
A Flickering CandleMy life is flashing before my eyesA Flickering Candle3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
As I'm sent flying through the air
I attempt to brace myself for impact
But my body refuses to respond
It's frightening to feel so broken
Blood flows like a river from my side
There is no way I could have escaped
But that isn't what hurts most
The ones I love fill my thoughts
They drift amongst lances of pain
Watching as my body hits the ground
Crying as I cry tears of my own
This reality tastes so bitter upon my lips
All I can do is hope and pray
People rush towards my helpless body
And stare down at me with varying emotions
Suddenly I'm alone staring into the darkness
It takes everything I have not to disappear
A flickering candle burns in my heart
Maybe if I fight I can burn for those I love
I Want You GoneMy life is in a spin,I Want You Gone3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This.
Descending SpiralHe smiles, laughter filling the room.Descending Spiral4 years ago in Traditional Fixed Forms More Like This
Full of jokes and wit, self hilarity.
He talks the talk and walks the walk.
Mr. Right, the good kind of guy.
Look Deeper.
He sits and speaks, shade across the face.
Serious matters come to light.
Yet who talks more not less?
Always you.
Look Deeper.
In that fraction of a second.
Caught without the mask.
Hurt, pain, anguish.
Too many burdens to bear.
Look Deeper.
He has so many shells,
What do they hold?
A void even he cannot dare to touch.
It eats away, his very being.
Look Deeper.
The remnants;
A fraction of what he was.
But he is those ruins.
Of the great person he used to be.
Look Deeper.
He is laughter, that hides the tears.
He is hope, without light of his own.
He is strength, where weakness comes from.
He is wisdom, histories one reward.
He has suffered, yet he does not shy away.
He has hurt, yet he trudges on.
He has loved, yet he accepts his way.
He is; a wounded dancer, with show and encore.
Look Deeper.
Your toes touching rock.
Stronger daysSeems likeStronger days3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
Some days
You have to
Look back on
other days
that were
even more
unbearable
than this one
just to
get to
the next one.
Feeling weak
but remembering
that there
was worse
The Simple PoemThis poem will begin from here.The Simple Poem4 years ago in Concrete Poetry More Like This
It shall start with a dusk and a child. Trying.
Trying to fly a kite in the rain.
The sunrays have just dimmed out.
Or mellowed down, surrendering to a dark azure.
The pitter-patter of rains
Drenching the fingers of the child on the roof. Fingers
That hold on to the thread that connects, quite shamelessly,
The dark skies to a kite, blue coloured. Throughout.
The dusk. I would have thought of writing a poem.
And only thought, when the thread shall snap
Taking the kite down. And the child too.
Let's watch the two as they progress downwards
Let's watch the two and see if down's the place they'll be.
Let's watch the two.
One spiralling down through the open air, not knowing
Where it shall land. The other
Climbing down the stairs
Running down the stairs
Leaping
To a place,
To a land where
The first one promised to land.
Promises,
I should have known, is ants.
It shall eat through a poem I should have written.
A simple poem, it would have been
MoonslaughterThe moon does the dead man’s floatMoonslaughter3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
Tonight. Muscles atrophied, a gaping
Goldfish dunked in silver, hanging
Limp in a cold blue sky
My throat slit, my mouth dry:
My words glug out, lethargic,
Congealing
Like a cow’s milked udder
In night’s potbelly
You turn on split film reels
With ticker-tape motion
In star-strewn sewers, glean
Spools of breastfed poetry
To wean the breastfed moon.
The days after warThe days after warThe days after war4 years ago in Fan Fiction More Like This
I looked into the distance. Unbelievable they tried to keep me out of that battle. What were they thinking?! Akatsuki was after me, not them. Dad was right, that masked guy was indeed dangerous, heck I almost died because of him, good thing I learned how to use Kyubi. But it's over now, many died though. However it seems, Jiraiya, that people are starting to understand each other more, due to this war. We all suffered the same pain.
Limping a bit I moved more to the left to see the other side of the village. Not much was left, but the same going on in other places. I was on the hospital roof, trying to get some fresh air after weeks of not being able to move. The reason for that was partly Madara, the masked guy, and Sasuke, who happened to attack Konoha as well. I didn't kill him, tried to kick, literally, some sense in his ass and when that didn't work I manage to get him out cold long enough so Ibiki could tie him up. Right now that Uchiha was so
doorsamid these times of recollection,doors3 years ago in Traditional Fixed Forms More Like This
pouring over faded scrawls,
i find the old keys fit new locks
in doors where once were only walls.
i've to believe the keys have changed
for i know the locks just aren't the same,
but keys are rites of passage (symbols)
and as such mercurial and strange.
and keys are codes (are secret patterns),
not to be broken, but used intact.
to unravel such a cipher
would sever roads on which to act.
and to sever is an act of violence
(and options should be delved in to),
so should you sever routes uncharted
the violence, then, is unto you.
each door opened is a digit
(its value absolute and true)
in the mathematical equation
linking infinity and you.
each door opened is a letter
in the story of it all.
each discovery makes clearer
doors where once were only walls.
Dearest Reader,You're holding a grenadeDearest Reader,4 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
made of words and paper.
Do with it what you will.
No one will ever know
if you decide to pull the pin
for if you do, these words
will explode upon impact.
CourageEverybody will have one or multiple fears,Courage3 years ago in Free Verse More Like This
Some of them can bring us to tears.
Our fears will never leave us,
A fear is something we will always possess.
When we face that which we fear,
Even if it's only once a year.
We might be scared to death,
Slowly trying to get control over our breath.
Our heart is beating at a much faster pace,
We might even try to maintain a straight face.
Someone who is courageous,
Even if what that person does might be outrageous.
Is somebody who still fears like you and me,
But who still dares to be and think free.
True courage is not hiding from your fear,
But to face your fear head on, even if you're scared.
NaruHina: Letter VD 1NaruHina: Valentine' DayNaruHina: Letter VD 14 years ago in Fan Fiction More Like This
Letter
Every Valentine's Day, there would be a letter that was thrown from under my door. He would take it and opened it. Sometimes a concert ticket, sometimes a letter or just a note.
I never met her, she didn't leave any signature or she would have told me something. So, I was surprised when my door rang. 'Did I order something?' I thought, forgetting the date. I opened the door as I saw Hinata. "Hey Hinata, what's going on?" I asked smiling. She was blushed, as always. She had a letter in her hand.
"I love you!" she called out, threw me the letter and closed the door behind her. I was so shocked. The letter was in the ground, with my name written on it. I took it and opened it. The paper was white and the writing was clear and easy to read. I read the letter for several times, then went to my kitchen and sat on the chair as I put the letter on the table.
"She loves me." I whispered to myself. I couldn't believe it, I just couldn't. Was she the one that sentThe late Whitney Houston will be remembered with an all-star musical tribute featuring Jennifer Hudson, Celine Dion and Usher, as well as never-before-seen concert footage and interviews with other musicians about the singer, who died Feb. 11.
"We Will Always Love You: A Grammy Salute to Whitney Houston" will be recorded in Los Angeles on Oct. 11, and tickets to the event go on sale to the general public today. (Call Ticketmaster at 800-745-3000 or go to ticketmaster.com. VIP packages and group ticketing is available at 877-234-8425 or at aegtickets.com.)
The concert will be aired on CBS on Nov. 16. Houston also has a new greatest hits album coming out Nov. 13, with a duet of "I Look To You" with R. Kelly.
Houston was 48 when she was found dead in the bathtub of her hotel room in Beverly Hills, just hours before she was to perform a pre-Grammy Awards gala. According to the autopsy report, she accidentally drowned, but cocaine contributed to her death.
More Whitney Houston coverage:
• 'Sparkle' review: Whitney Houston's swan song solid but not spectacular
• Jordin Sparks: Whitney Houston 'joyful' while filming 'Sparkle'
Cissy Houston to pen memoir about daughter Whitney
• At Gospelfest, big tributes for Whitney HoustonMontpelier High School sophomore Maya Facciolo didn't spend her Monday afternoon in class. She wasn't skipping but interning at the Conservation Law Foundation.
“It's just a great way to explore your interests and develop new ones. So who knows maybe I’ll go into environmental law I don't know yet,” Facciolo said.
What Facciolo does know is that she's glad she joined SOAR, Montpelier High's program that allows her to design her own curriculum and experience internships.
“I'm here just four hours a week but I think a lot happens in those four hours,” Facciolo said.
Martha Allen, President of Vermont National Educators Association, agrees. At a news conference in Montpelier Monday she outlined the NEA’s initiatives heading into the new year.
Allowing students to gain workplace experience is near the top.
“Collaborating with businesses in our community in recognition that our public schools are our most important economic development tool,” Allen said.
The Vermont NEA says there are other initiatives they'd like to tackle.
Those include installing more rigorous standards for students and teachers, but less standardized testing. The Vermont NEA also wants to recruit the best and brightest teachers to our state.
A statewide survey of teachers indicates time is an issue among educators. They say there's just not enough time to work on things like lesson plans in the course of the school day.
“The issue of time came up again and again and the issue of the need for more professional learning opportunities,” Allen said.
That's something Maya Facciolo recommends for her classmates as well.
“I think more students should be able to get this opportunity,” Facciolo said.Michael Hanley
From Ballotpedia
Biography
Hanley served as a teacher in the Anchorage School District from 1991 to 2005.[1] He served as an elementary school principal in the Anchorage School District from 2005 to January 2011. Hanley also has experience owning and operating commercial fishing and landscaping businesses.[1][2]
Education
- Bethel College in Minnesota, Bachelor of arts degree in business administration
- University of Alaska Anchorage, Bachelor of arts degree in K-8 education
- University of Alaska Anchorage, Master’s degree in educational leadership[1][2]
Political career
Commissioner of Education (2011-Present)
Hanley has served as Alaska Commissioner of Education since his appointment by Governor Sean Parnell on February 3, 2011.[1]
Appointments
2011
Hanley was appointed to Alaska Commissioner of Education by Governor Sean Parnell on February 3, 2011.[1]
Personal
Hanley and his wife live in Juneau.[3]
Recent news
This section displays the most recent stories in a Google news search for the term "Michael + Hanley + Alaska + Education"
- All stories may not be relevant to this page due to the nature of the search engine.
See also
- Superintendent of Schools
- Governor of Alaska
- Lieutenant Governor of Alaska
- Alaska Commissioner of Education
External links
References
- ↑ 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.4 1.5 Alaska Education and Early Development "Office of the Commissioner" Accessed September 13, 2012
- ↑ 2.0 2.1 Alaska Governor Sean Parnell "Meet Commissioner Mike Hanley" Accessed September 13, 2012
- ↑ Juneau Empire, "New education commissioner to live in Juneau," December 12, 2010Latto Lyrics Diljit Dosanjh song Disco Singh. Latto is a new punjabi song by a popular punjabi singer Diljit Dosanjh. The song is running on top these days. The lyrics of the song are awesome. The song sung by Diljit Dosanjh. Now we are sharing the lyrics of this song here, if you find any mistake […]- Create your own indoor exercise track.
- Watch the indoor exercise track in actual use!
- New Year's resolution: How to clean the junk drawer.
- How to organize a cluttered roll-top desk.
- How to remove bench seats from an old minivan.
- Watch Stan's home improvement videos!
Exercise machines are great for exercise.
But I don't get my exercise from using them. I get my exercise largely from moving the exercise equipment.
Our first piece of equipment was a "cheapskate's" exercise bike. To use it, you had to provide your own bicycle, mounting the rear axle on a small stand with a metal cylinder. As you pedaled, the bike's rear tire would press against the cylinder, creating resistance.
We set up the stand -- and the bike -- in the cold, dark basement. The device was rarely used because, well, it was in the cold, dark basement.
So we hauled it up two flights of stairs to our bedroom. We figured we could pedal while watching programs on our tiny television.
That worked until we grew tired of stumbling over the bicycle and the stand in the middle of the room.
So the stand was relegated to storage and the bicycle back to the shed.
Is smaller better?
Perhaps something smaller and less cumbersome would be better -- like a mini-trampoline.
We could exercise upstairs, then stow it out of the way -- in the cold, dark basement. It was great. The daily treks up and down the basement steps helped build leg muscle.
But the trampoline kept breaking.
We decided it was time to step up to something that would last -- like a real exercise bike.
The new machine, with adjustable levels of difficulty and three different programs, was set up in the cold, dark basement. Previous experience should have told us we would rarely use it there. Previous experience was right.
So we hauled it upstairs to the study. Like its "cheapskate" predecessor, we figured we could use it while viewing television.
We did -- until we decided the computer should be in the study, forcing us to rearrange the furniture.
The new mix didn't allow space for an exercise bike.
So back to the cold, dark basement it went.
We managed to brave the cold, dark basement and used the bike off and on for awhile. But each week, it had to be picked up and moved to a separate room to make space for the homeschool group.
Lifting and moving the heavy, awkward bike each week was, well, awkward -- and heavy -- and a lot of exercise. Soon, the bike was no longer coming out of its hideaway at all.
How about a weight bench?
If we weren't going to use the exercise bike, perhaps we needed to try something else we definitely would use, like a weight bench. Yes, that would be the ticket!
But it took up more space than an exercise bike, and the bar, heavy weights and sturdy bench would need to be set it up somewhere.
There was nowhere else for it to go except the cold, dark basement. But this time, it would be in the middle of the workshop -- my workshop!
We would be doing our bench presses and leg lifts in a cramped space near the freezer, storage cupboards -- and my workbench.
Workshop projects took a back seat as we worked out during the next several months. Then one day, my younger son injured his knee.
Suddenly, the weight bench no longer seemed like such a good idea. It fell into disuse, and after several more months, we decided it would be best to pack it up, wrestle it up two flights of stairs and store it in the attic.
Now there was a real muscle-building exercise!
Here comes the treadmill
A few weeks ago, my brother-in-law called.
"Hey," he said, "I'm getting rid of my old treadmill. Do you want it?"
Without thinking too much about where we would put it, we jumped at the chance. Our older son, the runner, could use it on snowy, slippery winter days to keep in top form. It would make a great, early birthday present for him -- a free one! Besides, the rest of us might use it, too.
We waited for the clear, dry, snowless days in January to end before deciding to move it. I would get more exercise that way.
And half of the muscle-building would come from removing -- and later replacing -- two rows of stubborn, bulky seats in the minivan to make room for hauling the treadmill.
With the van emptied of excess seats, we arrived at my brother-in-law's condo.
Stationing one person on each corner of the treadmill, we lifted it sideways through the basement sliding door, then lugged it through foot-deep snow and up a steep hill to our van.
At home, we reversed the process, lugging it through foot-deep snow then taking it through the door and into -- you guessed it -- the cold, dark basement.
For now, the only place the treadmill fits is perilously close to the door, butted up against a futon.
But who's using it?
My older son jumped on the treadmill as soon as he had a chance and has been using it religiously every day since.
I have yet to try it.
For me, the exercise machines I use the most are the ones that are easy to move.
That must be why I exercise faithfully and regularly with a couple of wrist weights and a fitness DVD. Because they're small and mobile, I can easily transport them to any room. I can exercise where I'm comfortable.
And that's the key. If you want to really make use of your exercise equipment, keep it where you'll use it.
Most of all, keep it out of that cold, dark basement.
Making exercise equipment user friendly
- Put your exercise equipment in an area that will keep you active, engaged and coming back for more. In other words, put it where you like to spend time.
- Make the space inviting by painting it a color you like and adding good lighting.
- If you enjoy fitness videos, a Wii or a Kinect for the Xbox 360, invest in a good TV and sound system.
- Use equipment that works not only your muscles, but your heart rate, flexibility and mind.
Connect
- To share your home improvement stories, ideas, gardening tips and recipes, click on "Comments." Or e-mail your tips to Stan.
- For more home improvement tips, gardening ideas and recipes, go to Stan's blog at Been There, Done That.Special Correspondent
BANGALORE: Hewlett-Packard has launched the industry's first easy-to-use storage system that drives down cost and complexity for mid-market and small and medium businesses (SMBs) grappling with the challenge of exponential growth of data.
The All-in-One (AiO) system deliver a comprehensive storage solution that addresses a wide variety of needs ranging from application storage management and reliable data protection to affordable data storage. Using these systems, businesses with limited or no storage expertise will be able to store, share, manage, back-up and protect their rapidly growing applications and file data in a flexible networked storage environment.
At present, majority of the SMBs in India are using direct attached storage. "With the launch of HP StorageWorks AiO System, HP has created an entirely new category for storage solutions targeted at the SMB market in India," said Hemant Tiwari, Director, Enterprise Servers and Storage, TSG, HP India.> > we also talked about simulation of reverse sound, when driving back from >SLO. > Seems to be the next challenge for mankind, since airplane, robot and > clone are working, we need to reverse our aging! > i believe this to be inevitable... > well, at some point, mankind gave up dreaming to make gold out of > anything else. Seems that not all can become true. > -- > > ---> > this has been done. of course the process is more expensive than the gold yielded from it.Thank you
Font Size
Print
January 22, 2014
Despite the remarkable socioeconomic transformation that has occurred across much of Africa in recent years, several troubling myths about the continent persist. Bill and Melinda Gates take on these myths – that poor countries are doomed to stay poor, that foreign aid is a big waste, and that saving lives leads to overpopulation – in their annual letter, which was released yesterday. They explain how advances in health, nutrition, and education – and economic growth in many countries – are helping lift millions of people out of extreme poverty. They also explain why these myths are so dangerous: they prevent the world from making even more progress.
As South Africans actively involved in health research for more than three decades, we have heard several other myths over the years, such as that Africa cannot develop new medicines or vaccines for itself, that it lacks the infrastructure to be a leader in scientific research, and that it is overly reliant on foreign scientists to combat its deadly disease burden.
The fact is that globalization of research over the last few decades, has seen the strengthening of international links and a steady flow of external investments for research that has enabled South Africa and other African countries to train highly-qualified scientists and establish a research infrastructure. This research capacity has led to important new products such as a new vaccine against a bacterium that causes meningitis (the MenAfriVac vaccine). It also has set the stage for advances in other interventions such as a pneumococcal vaccine, and prevention and treatment of HIV, tuberculosis, and malaria.
Africa has enormous potential as a center of excellence in global health – from discovering and developing new drugs, vaccines, and diagnostics to devising the most effective ways to get these life-saving health solutions to the people who need them..
Contributions by the Department of Science and Technology, the Department of Health, and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, will support the MRC’s Strategic Health Innovation Partnerships (SHIP) unit in leading and funding South African researchers and research consortia focused on developing vaccines that prevent HIV and TB. The partnership with the University of Cape Town’s Drug Discovery & Development Centre – led by Professor Kelly Chibale – will concentrate on new drugs to address TB and Malaria.
In 2012, Dr Chibale’s team announced the discovery of a new chemical compound with the potential to not only block the transmission of infectious malaria parasites from mosquitos to humans, but also to cure all strains of malaria. This new chemical will soon be ready for testing in humans, in a set of studies that will be conducted in South Africa.
South Africa has had the great fortune to host world-class science across its many medical schools and universities. In child health alone, South African scientists have made several ground-breaking discoveries, including research by Dr. Greg Hussey at the University of Cape Town on the use of vitamin A to reduce measles deaths, and by Dr. Jerry Coovadia at the University of KwaZulu-Natal on preventing the spread of HIV during breastfeeding. Dr. John Pettifor at the University of Witwatersrand has conducted research on improved bone development in children, and Dr. Robert Pattinson at Pretoria University has explored better health care approaches to decrease early childhood deaths.
But it’s not just in South Africa that we see African scientists and institutions advancing the health sciences.
In Mozambique, Dr. Eusébio V. Macete directs the Manhiça Health Research Center, where he oversees a team of researchers working on malaria, HIV, TB, pneumonia, and diarrheal diseases, and a training fellowship programme that is expanding the pipeline of young African scientists, medical doctors, and technical personnel.
In Mali, Dr. Abdoulaye Djimdé, an Associate Professor of Microbiology and Immunology and Chief of the Molecular Epidemiology and Drug Resistance Unit at the Malaria Research and Training Centre University of Bamako, is working on cutting edge of research to better understand the epidemiology of antimalarial drug resistance in West Africa.
And in Zimbabwe, Dr. Colleen Masimirembwa is building on eight years of experience as a principal scientist at AstraZeneca – one of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies – to advance the pharmaceutical sciences in Africa. As director of the African Institute of Biomedical Science and Technology, his expertise in pharmacokinetics and pharmacogenomics is accelerating drug discoveries for malaria and HIV.
These are just a few examples of the scientific talent and research capacity that exists in Africa. Africa has enormous potential as a center of excellence in global health – from discovering and developing new drugs, vaccines, and diagnostics to devising the most effective ways to get these life-saving health solutions to the people who need them. At times, it’s hard to know what is most exciting about all of this – imagining the potential impact these efforts can have on the health of the African people, or celebrating that a growing generation of bright, young African scientists are leading the way in the discovery of new and better health solutions for Africa.
Trevor Mundel
Trevor Mundel, MD, is President of Global Health at the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. He leads the foundation’s efforts in research and development of health solutions, including vaccines, drugs, and diagnostics.
We Must End Global Disparities for Mothers and Children
Revisiting the Broad Street Pump in Cameroon
Ideas Wanted: New Ways to Reduce Childhood PneumoniaBy.
One reason for this beauty is the Great Fire of 1871. While the culprit might be debatable — "the cow has been exonerated," said foundation docent Dennis Costello, who said a drunk may have tipped over Mrs. O'Leary's lantern — its effect is not. It allowed city planners to start with a blank slate. Out of the rubble, the Chicago School of Architecture developed, emphasizing verticality, large windows and the steel framing that gave designers new freedom. Other architectural styles evolved: Art Deco, Art Deco Streamlined, International, Minimalist, Postmodern.
And when all the fire debris was pushed out into Lake Michigan, it helped expand the shoreline. Built on the infill are much of Lake Shore Drive and Grant Park, an enormous strip of public green between the lake and the wall of city high-rises along Michigan Avenue.
To visit Chicago without taking at least one architectural tour would be like visiting Los Angeles and missing Grauman's Chinese Theatre or the Hollywood sign. Besides, the Chicago Architecture Foundation makes it easy. It has lunchtime tours, happy-hour tours, bus tours, tours to see churches, neighborhoods, cemeteries and centers of finance. "The city is our museum," is the foundation's motto.
The tours go on all year, with 106 departures a week in the June-to-September high season. Neither my wife, Jody Jaffe, nor I was especially familiar with the city, so we decided to let architecture be our guide and signed up for three tours.
Seems like Cirque du Soleil
Our first tour took us to Millennium Park, a newly refurbished area on the northwest corner of Grant Park. A storm was threatening when we showed up at the ArchiCenter downtown that morning. But we were told tours went on in any weather. "We're like the post office," said foundation marketing chief Bastiaan Bouma.
With rain dancing off the sidewalks, our docent, Priscilla Mims, ducked into the nearby Chicago Cultural Center and gave us our first look at the park through the center's second-story windows.
If Cirque du Soleil made parks, this is what it would build. Millennium Park is a blend of architectural splendor and whimsy, including a huge video installation and a bandstand that looks like giant ribbons of stainless steel taffy. Making it even more amazing is its foundation — steel, plastic foam and 4 feet of dirt. Millennium Park, basically a giant roof garden, was built over a cavern of train and bus lines.
The park's centerpiece is Frank Gehry's fantastical band shell and its metal walkways. Nearby are a 110-ton, 66-foot stainless steel sculpture by Anish Kapoor and Jaume Plensa's work, the Crown Fountain, which combines video technology and glass to create a Jumbotron effect like that in a football stadium. Hundreds of faces of Chicagoans are displayed on 50-foot towers as water splashes down, occasionally spurting from the mouths of those depicted on the screen.
Our second tour began at 3 that afternoon aboard the boat Chicago's Little Lady. Boat tours on the Chicago River are the architecture foundation's most popular. For the entire 90-minute ride, docent Joy Hebert kept a steady stream of information flowing, pointing out dozens of skyscrapers and important historic buildings.
From Hebert, we learned that the Wrigley Building was the city's tallest in 1924 and that the monstrous Merchandise Mart, built in 1931, has seven miles of hallways and 5,000 windows. We also learned that developers began to embrace the river after its 1980s cleanup and now have lined it with $1-million townhouses.
But the best part of the boat trip was the views. The river is Y shaped, and the Little Lady took us briefly up both arms and back. From the boat's top deck, the panorama of the City of the Big Shoulders is unimpeded and needs no commentary to inspire awe.
Boat passenger Roger DuToit was clearly inspired. "Chicago is a city that's proud of its architecture," he said. DuToit is a South African architect living in Toronto. He said his favorite Chicago building is the soaring Sears Tower. "It's very graceful, very elegant."
Our final tour was a 3½-hour bus trip that began the next morning at the ArchiCenter and took us to the southern neighborhood of Hyde Park and back. Once again, the sky was gray and full of threat.
Our first stop was downtown at the 1888 Rookery Building, built on the onetime site of Chicago's City Hall. Docent Costello had a theory about the building's name: "Everybody who went there said, 'Surely, I'm going to get rooked.' "
The Rookery, a transitional structure in the history of modern tall buildings, has both a masonry and an iron skeletal frame. Its beautiful sky-lighted lobby was redesigned in 1905 by Frank Lloyd Wright to dubious effect. He had its beautifully decorated iron pillars gilded and slabbed over with white marble.
DESTINATION: ILLINOIS
Chicago, city of the uplifted gaze
Go ahead. Gawk. The fabulous and varied architecture is a point of pride. For visitors, a tour is de rigueur, regardless of weather.
- 1
- 2
- 3
- | single page
« Previous Story More CTNow Topics Next Story »
No-one can miss it: Isigny Sainte-Mère’s milk is like white gold! And this superb raw material continues to be enriched by all the know-how which is brought to bear as it passes through the Co-operative’s skilled hands. Of these, the part played by the Master Cheesemakers ensures that Isigny Sainte-Mère cheeses get the best possible start. Once the cheeses have been eased through the initial stages and out of their moulds, the care and attention they receive while maturing is equally crucial: this is what allows a Camembert or an AOP Pont l’Evêque to develop just the right colour and smell. In short, this is when they fill out and become full-bodied cheeses.
All our cheeses are matured in special cellars before being graded by hand. They are then sold on with the exact degree of ripeness specified by the customer.
Pont L'Evêque is a soft cheese with a washed rind. Once out of its mould, the cheeses are turned manually every day. They are scrubbed on the seventh day, which gives the rind its distinctive amber colour. The cheeses are subsequently transferred to a cellar for one to four weeks to develop their full flavour as they ripen.- Shopping Bag ( 0 items )
From the Publisher“A
Overview ...As discussed in the last post, Australia successfully defended the domestic challenge to its plain packaging laws. So what are the prospects for the plain packaging complaints at the WTO and under the Australia-Hong Kong BIT? Some experts weigh in.
At Lawyers Weekly, Andrew Mitchell says the WTO claims have “serious problems” and are unlikely to be successful. The complainants are arguing that TRIPS gives tobacco companies a positive right to use trademarks, which is a flawed argument: “[TRIPS] gives a negative right that restricts others from using your trademark,” he explained. “Tobacco companies still have the right to use their trademark and are simply prohibited from exercising a positive right to use it on tobacco products.”
On the investment claims, we have Andrew and also Don Anton:
Don Anton, an international law academic at the Australian National University, said that Philip Morris Asia’s suit is also “questionable”. The tobacco company has challenged plain packaging by claiming the Australian Government has breached the ‘fair and equitable treatment’ obligation under its bilateral investment treaty with Hong Kong.
He told Lawyers Weekly that Australia has a reasonable argument under the various bilateral investment treaties in play that plain packaging is about protecting public health and not stealing intellectual property.
“Under most investment treaties public regulation for a public purpose, such as promoting the health and welfare of the citizenry, is not direct or indirect expropriation and therefore is not prohibited by investment treaty prohibitions against expropriation,” he said.
The tobacco company also “faces hurdles” trying to prove that investors’ legitimate expectations have been violated, an important aspect of the obligation, Mitchell continued.
“Australia’s history of progressively sterner tobacco regulation makes it difficult for them to say they had a legitimate expectation that the tobacco regulatory environment was frozen in time and that plain packaging wouldn’t be introduced,” he said.
Mitchell added that the timing of Philip Morris Asia’s acquisition of shares in Philip Morris Australia on 23 February 2011 – 14 months after the Government announced its intention to introduce plain packs – is also unfavourable to the tobacco company’s argument.
“It will be very difficult to argue that at the time of making that investment they had a legitimate expectation that plain packaging wasn’t going to be introduced when the Government had already announced it was going to do exactly that,” he said.
Over at The Australian, another skeptic is Mark Davidson, a professor of law at Monash University, who says: "PMA will struggle to show that there has been any expropriation within the meaning of the BIT."
On the other side of the argument, Philip Morris Australia spokesman Chris Argent thinks they have a good claim (shocking, I know!): "Despite the fact that plain packaging does not reduce smoking it does devalue our investment by confiscating our brands," a bullish Argent says, "and therefore compensation will be due."
For more neutral voices, Kyla Tienhaara of the Regulatory Institutions Network says there are no guarantees Australia will win the international cases. The BIT dispute is particularly concerning: "Unlike the WTO, there's no exception under the treaty for public health measures. And unlike in the Australian Constitution, 'expropriation' - the act of a government taking private property - is defined very broadly." And a European financial services firm called the Berenberg Bank believes the WTO claim will succeed. They note that international intellectual property treaties "support trademark protection, regardless of the nature of the product". They also warn the government has not provided the scientific evidence to justify the effectiveness of plain packaging as an anti-smoking measure needed to trigger the public health exemption clauses: "The relevant public health exemption which allows members to void trademark rights to protect public health requires evidence that the suppression of trademarks is necessary - based on scientific evidence - and the only way to protect public health."
As for me, just briefly, on the "trade" claims, such as TBT Articles 2.1 and 2.2, I haven't seen anything to suggest that there is a compelling claim of violation. But presumably the complainants have something in mind, so I'll reserve judgement until I see their full argument. (I'm not sure when that will happen, though. Some countries make their WTO submissions public, but I don't know if that will be the case here.)
On the IP issues, I'm fairly convinced by the arguments -- offered on this blog and elsewhere -- of various people who know more than I do about IP that the claims here are weak.
Finally, on investment, it seems to me there is a lot of uncertainty as to just what the relevant obligations require. That may make these claims the most likely ones to succeed. But there are still a number of hurdles to overcome, as noted above.
ADDED:
Speaking of the international complaints, Ukraine's panel request -- hot off the elecronic presses -- is here:January 31, 2013
people
music
- Big Gigantic at the Newport
- Blackberry Smoke at the Bluestone
- Feature: AnimalXHouse: Generation X
- Local music: Fort Shame
- Local music: Miller-Kelton
- Sensory Overload: Comrade Question
- The Vaccines at the Newport
- Title Fight at Skate Naked
screen
- Movie review: Rust and Bone
- Movie review: Warm Bodies
- The List: 10 things we hope get teen romance treatment
arts
- Behind the Scenes: Robotic acting
- February Gallery Hop preview
- Mark Rothko at the Columbus Museum of Art
- Preview: Mozart & Haydn
- Previews: Million Dollar Quartet
- Previews: Shakespeare’s “Twelfth Night”
- Previews: Trenton Doyle Hancock
eat & drink
- Columbus Alive’s Trivia Challenge
- Feature: Wexner Center’s Field and Screen series
- Profiles in trivia: Dan Swartwout
- Profiles in trivia: David Kellough
- Profiles in trivia: Mario Ashkar
- Three of Columbus’ most popular trivia nights (and why you should go)
- Trivia ExplosionLesotho Loti to Swedish Krona (LSL SEK) for 27 February 2012 (27/02/2012)
The Lesotho Loti to Swedish Krona exchange rate on 27 February 2012 was as follows:
1 LSL = 0.8744 SEK
Looking to make an Lesotho Loti to Swedish Krona money transfer?
Please see below for our common denominations table for this currency pair.
Sign up for free LSL SEK rate alerts or just get daily/weekly rates and news to your inbox?
Example LSL SEK Denominations on 27/02/2012
Below is a table showing the average rate for Lesotho Loti (LSL) to Swedish Krona (SEK) on 27 February 2012 (27/02/2012)
For full historical data please visit LSL/SEK exchange rate history pageIn shipbuilding, the keel is the boat’s backbone, essential to stability. Industrial designers Jeffrey Bernett and Nicholas Dodziuk created the Keel Lounge Chair for Teknion Studio to represent the shipbuilding industry’s emphasis on good construction. Created for contract and hospitality applications, the chair complements the company’s Spectrum Lounge Series and Fractals Seating Group. It features bright chrome supports and measure 30-1/2" tall by 28" wide and 27" deep.
Join the Discussion
Please read our Content Guidelines before postingkitten's for sale
I have four kittens for sale, the two white ones are female and the tabby and grey one are males, they are litter trained and weaned onto kitten food, they will be wormed, they are very playful they are used to lots of noise as i have four children a
- DOB:11 Apr 2015
- Rehome date:06 Jun 2015Great Job Keep up the Good work. Maybe next Season there could be a Tournament to raise funds for the wounded Vets.- PBONO16
View comment
SR Legion (19 and under)
Sponsored by:Le Pere-mc Calister
Baseball team manager:Todd WidemanE-mail Team Manager* Please only contact this person regarding American Legion Baseball.
View team web siteTHE FLASH Pilot Has Also Found Its CISCO “VIBE” RAMON
It seems today is all about the Arrow world. We’ve heard the executive producers talk about the new villain-centric approach, there has been confirmation that the Flash pilot would shoot this March, and Iris West was cast. You can check all those stories out by checking out the homepage of this fine site, but a new casting addition has been announced for the Flash pilot. The actor for Cisco Ramon, better known to comic readers as Vibe, has been found.
Variety is reporting that Broadway actor Carols Valdes has been chosen to play “mechanical engineering genius Cisco Ramon.” The Hollywood Reporter fleshes out that character description by saying Ramon.” Fans know Vibe as the young hero who got his powers after being caught inside of one of Darkseid’s Boom Tubes during the earliest days of the New 52. Just from the brief character description included we can see they’re taking the character in a slightly different direction. It doesn’t seem like he’ll become Vibe for a while either.
Valdes joins Grant Gustin (Barry Allen/Flash), Jesse L. Martin (Detective West), Rick Cosnett (Eddie Thawne), Danielle Panabaker (Caitlin Snow), and the recently announced Candice Patton (Iris West). The show is reportedly still looking for someone to play Hartley Rathaway, better known as Rogue member Pied Piper. The pilot will probably air later this fall. Are you getting good vibes from Valdes’ casting?
——————————————————————————————————————————————————————–.Corgis and their humans who live in or love to visit Virginia Beach!
Website:
Location: Virginia Beach
Members: 29
Latest Activity: Jul 23, 2014
This group does not have any discussions yet.
Comment
Hey guys,
I know it was probably last minute, but next time please give us some more notice, we would have loved to meet you all at the Greenbrier park. Had too many errands to run, thanks. It was a great day.
Thanks for playing Candice, Jose, Zoe, and TANK! Ein loved frapping even though he was not being chased.
Heading out to the Greenbrier Park. Hope to see some corgis out there!
Yuk, I didn't know it was going to rain. I guess I better watch the weather and plan accordingly!!! These poor dogs are going to be crazier!! See you all sometime.
Monica and Sadie
You need to be a member of Corgis of Virginia Beach to add comments!An afternoon storm toppled trees and dumped heavy rain through Pueblo County, leaving about 1,800 Black Hills Energy customers without power for much of the day.
"It was more severe wind than I've seen in a long, long time," said Pueblo County resident Terry Renzelman, who lost power Sunday afternoon.
Pueblo County was under a tornado watch on Sunday. Renzelman said he was tracking the weather, prepared to go into his makeshift tornado shelter if necessary. "We got a big staircase that's really reinforced that's got a door to go into it. That'd be the safest spot in our house," he said.
The National Weather Service in Pueblo recorded wind gusts exceeding 60 mph on Sunday. The wind toppled a tree on Tyler Street, scattering tree branches around a home, barely missing the house.
"The wind came out of nowhere and blew it down," said Michael Valdez, who saw the tree fall.
Witnesses said no one one was home at the time.KALAMAZOO — For the second time this year, the area’s homeless and those in need will be given a one-stop, all-inclusive opportunity to have their basic needs met.
Project Connect, a one-day event of free services organized by Local Initiatives Support Corp. and the Poverty Reduction Initiative, will take place Wednesday from 1 p.m. to 6 p.m. at the Kalamazoo County Expo Center & Fairground, 2900 Lake St., in Kalamazoo.
Nearly 1,000 people attended the last Project Connect event in May, when 43 services were offered, ranging from basic medical services to job placement to help with housing.
In addition to the core services offered at the previous event, Wednesday’s is to feature 51 services, with additions including credit repair counseling, child abuse prevention information and Spanish language classes, among others.
Project Connect
Where: Kalamazoo County Expo Center & Fairground, 2900 Lake St., Kalamazoo.
When: Wednesday, 1 p.m. to 6 p.m.
Number of services: 51, from medical to housing to employment help.
Cost: Free.
Connect
“We had such a great reception last time that we thought, great, let’s do it again,” said Michelle Schneider, assistant program officer for LISC. “This is for anyone at all in need of services. There is no income requirement.”
The current need in the community is great.
Data on those who live in poverty locally are eye-catching. According to a 2009 American Community Survey, in the city of Kalamazoo those who live in poverty include:
- 27 percent of all residents
- 23.2 percent of married couples with children 18 or younger
- 51.4 percent of single parents with children 18 or younger
“It speaks to the many who are at risk,” Schneider said. “An event like this can really make a difference.”
Those without transportation can board one of two shuttles leaving throughout the afternoon from two Kalamazoo agencies that serve the area’s homeless, poor and hard-to-serve populations: Ministry With Community, 440 N. Church St., and the Kalamazoo Gospel Mission, 448 North Burdick St. The round-trip shuttles will run from 12:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m.
A voucher for a free round-trip ride on a Metro Transit bus can be picked-up at 17 locations in the area, including the Portage Community Center, Comstock Community Center, YWCA of Kalamazoo, Housing Resources Inc. and several other human services agencies.Queen pays Jubilee visit to Norfolk village phone box
09:49 25 May 2012
A life size cut out of The Queen has taken up residence in the Telephone Box at South Lopham, as part of the preparations for the Diamond Jubilee Celebration weekend. Pictured are sisters Evie (blue cardi) and Scarlet Henssen.
Archant Norfolk Photographic © 2012
The Queen doesn’t often visit red phone boxes to make calls, but one Norfolk village appears to have a direct line to Her Majesty and knows where to find her.
A lifesize cut-out of the Queen has taken up residence in a phone box close to the White Horse pub in The Street, South Lopham, thanks to the efforts of pupils at St Andrews Primary School, North Lopham, who spent a week designing and making the artwork, which comes complete with a handbag and chandelier.
The disused call box was bought by the parish council for £1 as part of a nationwide initiative to preserve the distinctive red boxes and since then the facility has been home to an art exhibition, Christmas display and a book exchange for the community.
Ruth Lewis, a teacher with the school’s Discovery class, said up to 20 children took a week to create the cut-out Queen, including a number from her own discovery class, aged between four and seven, and representatives of the school’s art club, aged between four and 11.
The children worked with local artist Bethan Hensser, whose children, Evie, seven and Scarlet Hensser, five, attend the school and were involved in creating the Queen using glitter, paint and jewels.
School governor Jenny Vere said: “Because a year ago the parish council bought the phone box for £1 they wanted it to be a community facility attraction so the school put on an art exhibition in the phone box with pictures that fitted into the windows and at Christmas we decorated it with baubles, so this is the Diamond Jubilee display.”
Evie said: “I think it is really good and I like all the jewels that have been put on with the glitter. I think she is a really good Queen and does a lot for the community.” And Scarlet added: “I think she is a really nice person.”
The village will be holding an extravaganza to celebrate the 60th anniversary of the Queen’s coronation at the village hall and on the playing field.
Events will start at 2pm on Saturday, June 2 with Strike Up the Music, followed by a fancy-dress parade at 2.30pm and fancy-dress judging at 3pm.
A Punch and Judy show will then keep the crowds entertained at 3.15pm before Maypole dancing at 3.30pm.
For children, there will be a street party at 4.15pm followed by a teens eats event at 4.30pm.
At 4.45pm there will be a tug of war between teams from the Kings Head and White Horse pubs, while at 5.30pm there will be beach volleyball with music from the Waveney Four from 4.30pm-7pm.
In the evening, Mick the Baker and his band will be performing at the village hall, from 7.30pm. Entry is £5.
COMMENT – Page 30
dominic.bareham2@archant.co.ukWhat do you use for walk around lens A77
Started Jun 21, 2013 | Discussions thread
I've got the CZ 16-80 on my a77 and keep the Tamron 70-300 USD in the backpack.
-- hide signature --
Reply Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowApple readies iPhone, iPod touch 2.1 firmware
updated 01:55 pm EDT, Tue September 9, 2008
iPhone 2.1 Firmware.
On the second-generation iPod touch, the software also includes a built-in Nike+iPod app for tracking a run using the built-in transceiver. Support for Genius playlists is present for all supporting devices.
The 2.1 update will be available by Friday and will be free for both iPhones as well as any iPod touch already upgraded to version 2.0 firmware; pre-2.0 iPods can buy the update through iTunes for $10.
No mention has been made of the addition of background push notification or directional GPS support, both of which were included in most beta releases of 2.1 and were scheduled for September.
Joined: Dec 1969
2.1 to 2.2
It looks pretty clear that the biggest stuff planned for 2.1 isn't here, so we can expect it to come along later in 2.2.OUTDOOR NOTES
Friday: 8:30 nature photo hike, Lake Metigoshe State Park.
Sunday: 10 a.m. canoeing, Lake Metigoshe State Park.
Sept. 1: Dove season opens.
Sept. 2: Mountain lion Zone 1 and 2 season opens.
Tournaments: Saturday: Lake Sakakawea, Saka-kawea State Park; Lake Sakakawea, Indian Hills Resort; Missouri River, Lewis & Clark Bridge, Williston.
The Dakota Recreation Report is compiled by Patricia Stockdill, a freelance writer who lives in Garrison.
FISHING
N.D. Game & Fish Dept. Dist. game wardens: East Devils Lake producing eater-sized walleye..
Bottineau, Four Seasons, Lake Metigoshe: Continued good bluegill and northern pike activity with improving walleye success. Work 12 to 15 feet for walleye using nightcrawlers or minnows. Work weed beds for bluegill.
Bottineau, Lake Metigoshe State Park, Lake Metigoshe: Lake Metigoshe remains good for small bluegill with a few nice-sized ones showing up.
Coleharbor, Totten Trail Restaurant, Lakes Audubon and Saka-kawea: Lake Audubon remains fair for nice-sized with the best success in the morning or late afternoon. East end of Lake Sakakawea improving for walleye.
Devils Lake, Ed's Bait, Devils Lake: Work deeper water in 20 to 30 feet for walleye trolling with spinners and bottom bouncers and nightcrawlers. Try East Bay by Stromme's Addition or west along the Golden Highway in the Minnewaukan Flats. Continued northern pike activity in the shallows, however try trolling crankbaits in deeper water for bigger pike. Work tree lines for white bass.
Devils Lake, Woodland Resort, Devils Lake: Continued good success for small walleye using spinners and bottom bouncers in 11 to 20 feet. Also try slip bobbers in the trees or weed beds. Look for bigger fish from Pelican Lake. Northern pike remain good in the shallows.
Dickinson, Andrus Out- doors, Lake Sakakawea / area lakes: McKenzie and Mossett bays on Lake Saka.
Foxholm, Upper Souris NWR, Lake Darling: Lots of activity at the Outlet Fishing Area casting jigs and nightcrawlers for walleye. Moderate boat numbers on Lake Darling.
Garrison, Cenex Bait & Tackle, Lakes Audu-bon and.
Garrison, Six-Mile Bait & Tackle, Lakes Audubon & Sakakawea: Mixed reports for Lake Audu-bon. Try spinners and nightcrawlers or leeches.
Harvey, Coal Mine Lake & area lakes: Coal Mine Lake and Harvey Dam fair for northern pike. Goose Lake continues producing walleye and pike.aka-kawea: Fair for walleye with most activity around the mouth using spinners and nightcrawlers.
New Town, Scenic 23, Lake Sakakawea: Continued walleye success around the south end of the Van Hook Arm, including Shell, Independence and Deepwater Bay. Also work the upper end in deep water..
Pick City, Scott's Bait & Tackle, Lake Saka.
Williston, Scenic Sports, Lake Saka-kawea / Missouri River / area lakes: White Earth Bay on Lake Sakakawea slow to fair for walleye with somewhat better success farther west around Tobacco Garden. Kettle Lake producing good numbers of small perch. A good lake to take children fishing. Also try Kota-Ray.
LAKE LEVELS
Devils Lake elevation, Aug. 17: 1,454.21 feet above mean sea level.
Stump Lake elevation, Aug. 17: 1,454.18 feet.
Lake Sakakawea elevation, Aug. 17: 1,847.8 feet; 85,000 cubic feet per second average (cfs) Garrison Dam daily releases.
RAMP UPDATE Casino. Grahams Island State Park ramp is usable but access is day-to-day. Call 766-4015 for updates.
Usable Missouri River ramps: Tailrace, Stanton, UPA, Steckel. Tailrace will open soon.. 17:
Des Lacs River gauge, Burlington: River stage,11.54 feet.
Des Lacs River gauge, Foxholm: River stage, 8.16 feet; streamflow, 298 cfs.
Little Missouri gauge, Long X: River stage, 0.71 feet; streamflow, 244 cfs.
Missouri River, Williston gauge: River stage, 22.76 feet.
Missouri River, Stanton, gauge: River stage, 19.14 feet.
Souris River, Foxholm gauge: Streamflow, 1,050 cfs.
Souris River, Minot gauge: River stage, 10.12 feet; streamflow, 1,440 cfs.
Yellowstone River, Sidney, Mont., gauge: River stage, 8.24 feet; streamflow, 18,600 cfs.
HUNTING
Early Canada goose season: Light activity in east-central North Dakota, including around Lonetree WMA. Lots of standing grain limiting access.
301 4th St SE , Minot, ND 58703 | 701-857-1900
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyFifteen students were arrested by CUNY Baruch campus police Monday when they tried to enter a CUNY Board of Trustees meeting to protest tuition hikes, campus police said.
About 150 students appeared at Baruch College just after 5 p.m. and tried to rush into the auditorium where the meeting was taking place, but were stopped by CUNY police officers, according to the Baruch student newspaper The Ticker. That's when campus police began making arrests.
The protest was organized by Students United for a Free CUNY, and was aimed at stopping the CUNY tuition hike plan.
The trustees were meeting to discuss how to implement the tuition hike of $300 a year for the next five years, reports the Daily News. Full-time resident undergraduate students pay $5,100 per year in tuition.
YouTube video shows students swarming the entrance to the auditorium, and some scuffles breaking out.
"We didn't want this to be violent," Brittany Robinson, a 21-year-old undergraduate student told the News. "We just wanted our voices to be heard."
SUNY students also protested state university tuition hikes Monday: In Albany, about 50 students marched on the Capitol to urge Gov. Andrew Cuomo to reconsider tuition increases and keep intact the state millionaire's tax surcharge.
Rallying in the hallway outside the governor's Albany offices, they said those policies were pushing them deeper into debt as students pay more and the state less.Débats | Points de vue
Prix Malcolm Bowie
Malcolm Bowie Prize
Malcolm Bowie, who sadly died in January 2007, was not only the most eminent and inspirational Anglophone scholar of French literature and theory of his generation, he was a towering figure in the field because of his tireless devotion to the scholarly community both in the UK and abroad, his service to the Society for French Studies offering but one example of this: he was President of the Society (1994-96), as well as General editor of French Studies (1980-87).
The Society for French Studies is pleased to announce the launch of the Malcolm Bowie prize. The Malcolm Bowie prize will be awarded annually for the best article published in the preceding year by an early-career researcher in the broader discipline of French Studies. The Society feels it is particularly appropriate to honour Malcolm Bowies' memory with a prize for which only early-career scholars will be eligible, since he was a remarkable mentor to countless younger scholars, both in the UK and elsewhere. The prize will be worth £1000 and the Society will also pay the expenses of the winner to collect the prize in person at its annual conference.
The Malcolm Bowie Prize will be judged by an international panel of five distinguished scholars: Professor Edward Hughes (Queen Mary London), Professor Diana Knight (University of Nottingham), Professor Antoine Compagnon (ColumbiaUniversity and the Collège de France), Professor Alison Finch (Churchill College, Cambridge), and Professor Toril Moi (DukeUniversity).
The Society now invites nominations of articles published in 2007 from editors of learned journals, editors or publishers of collected volumes, and heads of university departments. Authors may not self-nominate (though they may of course ask editors, publishers, or university departments to consider nominating them). To be eligible for nomination, authors must be within five years of obtaining their PhD when their article is published (in this instance anyone who received his or her PhD in or after 2002 but before the end of 2007 will be eligible); articles may be published anywhere in the world, but must be written in French or English.
Nominations should be submitted by email to Professor Edward Hughes – e.j.hughes@qmul.ac.uk - together with a statement which includes full publication details of the article concerned and an indication of when and where the candidate's PhD was awarded. Nominations should be accompanied by a PDF file of the article as it appears in print, or failing this an offprint or xerox of the article as it appears in print that clearly shows the year of publication as 2007. Nominations not accompanied by a PDF file, offprint or xerox will not be valid.
The deadline for receipt of nominations for the 2007 prize (including the article itself) is 31 January 2008. The winner will be announced in May 2008 and will receive her/ his prize at the annual conference of the Society for French Studies to be held at the University of Liverpool, 30 June-2 July, 2008.Cases citing this case: Supreme CourtCases citing this case: Supreme Court
239 U.S. 103
PROVIDENT SAVINGS LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY, Piff. in Err.,
v.
COMMONWEALTH OF KENTUCKY, by H. M. Bosworth, Auditor.
No. 328.
Argued October 20 and 21, 1951.
Decided November 15, 1915.
[239. This suit was brought by the commonwealth to recover the tax on premiums received in the years 1907 to 1911, inclusive. The company answered, denying liability upon the ground that on January 1, 1907, it had entirely ceased to do business in Kentucky, and that all premiums received after that date on policies previously issued in Kentucky were received in New York.
Prior to the amendments made in the year 1906, 4226 of the Kentucky Statutes provided as follows:
This section was amended in 1906 by making the fiscal year to end on December 31st instead of June 30th, by prohibiting deductions for dividends, and by amplifying the description of premium receipts. (See Mutual Ben. L. Ins. Co. v. Com. 128 Ky. 174, 107 S. W. 802; Northwestern Mut. L. Ins. Co. v. James, 138 Ky. 48, 127 S. W. 505.) The amended section was . 10), and also that the imposition of the tax on premiums received after the company had withdrawn from the state was contrary to the due process clause of the 14th Amendment. Demurrer to the answer was overruled, the motion of the defendant that the demurrer relate back to the petition was sustained, and the petition was dismissed. Judgment to this effect was reversed by the court of appeals of Kentucky and the cause was remanded with direction to sustain the demurrer to the answer and for further proceedings consistent with the opinion of the appellate court. 155 Ky. 197, 159 S. W. 698.
The company then amended its answer, renewing its constitutional objections. Enlarging the statement of facts, it averred that on January 1, 1907, it had withdrawn all its agents from Kentucky, had closed all its offices, and had ceased to solicit or write insurance, or maintain any agent, or collect any premiums, within that jurisdiction. On January 1, 1911, the Postal Life Insurance Company, a New York corporation, had reinsured all the business of the defendant. Between January 1, 1907, and January 1, 1911, all premiums paid to the defendant upon policies theretofore issued in Kentucky were paid to it at its home office in New York city through the mail.
The Postal Life Insurance Company did not have at any time an officer or agents in Kentucky, or transact any business in that state, and all premiums that it received were paid to it in New York through the mail.
Demurrer to the amended answer was sustained and judgment was entered in favor of the commonwealth. The court of appeals affirmed the judgment ( 160 Ky. 16, 169 S. W. 551) and this writ of error has been sued out. [239 U.S. 103, 110] The court of appeals did not put its decision upon the provision of 4230a. This provision, it was said, was declaratory of the existing law, and the company's obligation was taken to be defined by 4226. The tax was a license tax (Northwestern Mut. L. Ins. Co. v. James, 138 Ky. 48, 52, 127 S. W. 505), payable annually, and by the express terms of the act was payable by the foreign life insurance corporation 'doing business' within the state. Both parties agree that it was imposed 'for the privilege of doing business in Kentucky.' The state contends that it is seeking to enforce an agreement which, by implication from the statutory provision, the company must be deemed to have made when it entered the state. But there is no suggestion that it had ever been decided prior to this litigation that the described companies were bound under 4226 to pay the annual tax irrespective of the continued transaction of business within the jurisdiction during the years to which the tax related. Nor, as we understand it, was the statute so construed in the present case. It is true that the court stated in its opinion that the company, on being admitted to the state, agreed to pay the tax imposed by 4226, and that the company did not have 'the right and power to revoke this agreement as it attempted to do the 1st of January, 1907.' But, immediately following this statement, the court proceeded to hold with an explicitness which does not permit us to doubt the basis of its decision that the company was liable to the tax because it continued, despite the asserted withdrawal, to do business within the state during the period for which the tax was sought to be collected. If the tax in controversy was demanded by the state and was enforced upon the ground that it was payable for a privilege which the company admittedly enjoyed in prior years, it was manifestly immaterial to inquire whether or not the company was continuing to transact a local business during the succeeding period. In [239 U.S. 103, 111] that aspect, the question would be whether, with respect to the alleged agreement, the decision could be deemed to be one which in reality gave effect to the subsequent legislation (of 1906) and involved the application of the contract clause. If, however, the tax now sought to be imposed was for a privilege exercised during the years to which the tax related, it would be necessary to find that the company was doing business within the state at that time. Evidently in view of this necessity, the court of appeals said upon the first appeal:
Upon the second appeal the court merely referred to its ruling on the first appeal and to other cases (Com. v. Illinois L. Ins. Co. 159 Ky. 589, 167 S. W. 909; Com. v. Washington L. Ins. Co. 159 Ky. 581, 167 S. W. 872) in which that decision had been followed without further discussion of grounds. We do not, therefore, find it necessary to consider the applicability of the contract clause of the Federal Constitution, inasmuch as it [239 U.S. 103, 112] appears that the decision turned upon the conclusion that the company continued after January 1, 1907, to transact business within the jurisdiction. Otherwise, according to the final ruling, the state would have had 'no case.'
The present case thus differs from that of Equitable L. Assur. Soc. v. Pennsylvania, 238 U.S. 143 , 59 L. ed. 1239, 35 Sup. Ct. Rep. 829. It was not disputed that the Equitable Company was actually doing business in Pennsylvaina. See Com. v. Equitable Life Assur. Soc. 239 Pa. 288, 293, 86 Atl. 787. The question was as to the permissible measure of a tax exacted for a privilege admittedly exercised. As this court said: 'The tax is a tax upon a privilege actually used. The only question concerns the mode of measuring the tax.' 238 U.S. 147 . In the present case it is not the measure of the tax for doing business, but the very basis of the tax-that is, whether the company was doing business within the state-that is in controversy.
Assuming this to be the point in dispute, the question at once arises whether the mater is reviewable in this court. And we cannot doubt that the question whether the state is taxing a foreign corporation for a privilege not granted-that is, whether the acts done by the corporation at the time to which the tax relates are of such a nature as to subject it to the local authority upon the ground that it is doing acts which can only be done with the permission of that authority-must be regarded as a Federal question. Taxation without jurisdiction has been held to be a violation of the 14th Amendment (Louisville & J. Ferry Co. v. Kentucky, 188 U.S. 385, 398 , 47. L. ed. 150, 155, 26 Sup. Ct. Rep. 36, 4 Ann. Cas. 493); and the principle involved applies to the assertion of authority on the part of the state to exact a license tax for the privilege of doing acts which lie beyond the sphere of local control. It follows that the quality of the acts with respect to which the state exercises the taxing [239 U.S. 103, 113] power must be considered when the constitutional protection against the transgression of jurisdictional limits is invoked.
It is not controverted that the company, at the time in question, was not soliciting insurance or collecting moneys in that state. Further, it had no offices or agents in Kentucky. Upon the averments which stand admitted in the record it must be assumed that it was not performing any acts within the jurisdiction of Kentucky. It had sought to withdraw itself completely from the state. The conclusion that it continued to do business within the state, notwithstanding this withdrawal, appears to be based solely upon the fact that it continued to be bound to policy holders resident in Kentucky under policies previously issued in that state, and that it received the renewal premiums upon these policies. As the policies remained in force, it is said that the company continued to furnish protection to citizens of Kentucky. The renewal premiums, as already stated, were paid in New York. There is, however, a manifest difficulty in holding that the mere continuance of the obligation of the policies constituted the transaction of a local business for which a privilege tax could be exacted. As a privilege tax, the tax rests upon the assumption that what is done depends upon the state's consent. But the continuance of the contracts of insurance already written by the company was not dependent on the consent of the state. it is true that acts might be done within the state in connection with such policies (as, for example, in maintaining an office or agents, although new insurance was not written or solicited) which could be considered to amount to the continuance of a local business. In such case it would be the actual transaction of business that would furnish the ground of the license exaction, and not the mere existence of the obligation under policies previously written. These policies are contracts already made; the state cannot de- [239 U.S. 103, 114] stroy them or make their mere continuance, independent of acts within its limits, a privilege to be granted or withheld. Neither the continuance of the obligation in itself, nor acts done elsewhere on account of it, can be regarded as being within the state's control. Allgeyer v. Louisiana, 165 U.S. 578 , 41 L. ed. 832, 17 Sup. Ct. Rep. 427; Bedford v. Eastern Bldg. & L. Asso. 181 U.S. 227, 241 , 45. L. ed. 987, 994, 23 Sup. Ct. Rep. 707,-expressions which (in a full review of these cases and others) were explained and limited in Hunter v. Mutual Reserve L. Ins. Co. 218 U.S. 573 , 54 L. ed. 1155, 30 L.R.A. (N.S.) 686, 31 Sup. Ct. Rep. 127. The cases cited related to the validity of the service of process upon foreign corporations. And it was held that a foreign insurance corporation which had transacted business within the jurisdiction of a state continued, notwithstanding its withdrawal from the state, to be subject to service of process within the state, in actions arising out of the business so transacted, where the service was made in accordance with the conditions upon which the business was permitted to be done. Thus, in the Phelps Case, service was made in Kentucky under 631 of the Kentucky Statutes providing for service of process upon the commissioner of insurance. The court of appeals of Kentucky had decided that the withdrawal of the company from the state did not terminate the statutory agency for the acceptance of service which had been created as a condition of the company's admission; the granted authority continued with respect to the business transacted. Home Ben. Soc. v. Muehl, 109 Ky. 479, 484, 59 S. W. 520; Germania Ins. Co. v. Ashby, 112 Ky. 303, 307, 308, 99 Am. St. Rep. 295, 65 S. W. 611. But a distinction obtains when the question is whether the mere continuance of the obligation to resident [239 U.S. 103, 115] policy holders under the existing policies can be regarded as constituting in itself the transaction of a local business. This distinction was made clear in the Hunter Case. There, the action was brought in New York against an insurance company upon judgments which had been obtained against the company in North Carolina. The question turned upon the validity of the service of process in the North Carolina actions. The insurance company, a New York corporation, had been admitted to do business in North Carolina, and had actually transacted business in that state prior to the year 1899. The legislature of North Carolina enacted a statute providing that any corporation desiring to do business in the state after June 1, 1899, must become a domestic corporation. Severe penalties were prescribed for violation. Thereupon, the board of directors of the company passed a resolution 'to withdraw from the state and to dispense with and terminate the services of all its agents.' The agents were withdrawn accordingly and the premiums on policies theretofore issued were subsequently 'remitted by mail to the home office of the company in New York, where the policies and premiums were payable.' There were in that case, outside of this course of business, four transactions within the state after the withdrawal, which were of minor importance and of isolated character. The actions in question, in the North Carolina court, were not brought upon policies issued in North Carolina, and consequently it was sought to sustain the jurisdiction of the court upon the ground that, despite the withdrawal of the company, it was still doing business within the state. The court expressly overruled this contention. The court said: 'It' (the company) .' Id. p. 583. [239 U.S. 103, 116] It was recognized that the authority which the company had given with respect to service of process continued in force as to actions growing out of business which had been transacted within the state. But the continuance of the authority to accept service of process resulted from the nature and construction of that authority, and the view that the mere continuance of the obligation of contracts previously made within the state constituted a continuance of 'doing business' within the state so as to give the company a 'domicil of business,' and thus subject it to the state's jurisdiction, was distinctly disapproved.
In the present case, the question is not, as in the Phelps Case, one as to the right to revoke the agency created under 631 of the Kentucky Statutes with respect to the service of process in actions arising out of transactions which had taken place within the state. It is as to the power of the state to treat the mere continuance of the obligation of the existing policies held by resident policy holders as the transaction of a local business justifying the imposition of an annual privilege tax in the absence of the actual conduct of business within the limits of the state.
We cannot conclude that the state has this power, and in this view the judgment must be reversed and the cause remanded for further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.
It is so ordered.Break in at T-Mobile investigated
By John Joyce
Published in News on May 11, 2014 1:50 AM
jjoyce@newsargus.com The Goldsboro Police Department is investigating a break-in at the T-Mobile cell phone store located at 225 N. Berkeley Blvd. that took place Thursday night. So far, no suspects have been identified. Nearby officers responded to an alarm at...
Please log in to see full story.Jewels, Art, and Collectibles Debut in Palm Beach
More than 180 international art galleries, art dealers, and jewelers will be presenting prized pieces at the annual Palm Beach Jewelry, Art, and Antique Show, held February 15 to 19 at the Palm Beach County Convention Center.
Visit robbreport.com
Related Books
Materialized by
trueluxury
1016
Related ObjectsHere you can find the latest online tenders of NIOC. Just click on the topic which you are interested to know more about that subject. Some of them may include a PDF file attached, so you may need "Adobe Acrobat Reader", to be able to open them and even make a print of them for you further reference.We
Total Time:
Prep:
Cook:
Level: Moderate
Yield: 4 main-dish servings
Serves: 4
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Ingredients
Koreatown Beef
- 10 clove garlic
- 2 jalapeño chiles
- 1.25 lb. beef top round steak or beef tenderloin
- 0.25 c. sugar
- 0.50 c. low-sodium soy sauce
- 0.25 c. Asian sesame oil
- coarsely ground black pepper
Dipping Sauce
- 1 clove garlic
- 2 tbsp. sugar
- 0.25 c. low-sodium soy sauce
- 0.25 c. water
- coarsely ground black pepper
- 1 head Boston lettuce
- 1.50 c. cooked rice
- 0.50.
From: Good HousekeepingCortisone Injections
Cort.
Why Have a Cortisone Injection?.
Getting the Injection
Your doctor may start by cleaning and numbing your skin at the injection site. Next, you’ll be injected with local anesthetics (for short-term pain relief) and cortisone. The injection may last a few moments. A small bandage will be applied or Two
Some patients feel more pain after being injected. This is normal, and it will go away soon. Applying ice for
If You Have Diabetes
Cortisone injections can cause blood sugar to be increased for several days after the injection. Follow your regular plan for what to do when your blood sugar is elevated.Eduardo P. Costa, Ana C. Lorena, Andre C. P. L. F. Carvalho, Alex A. Freitas
Criteria for evaluating the performance of a classifier are an important part in its design. They allow to estimate the behavior of the generated classifier on unseen data and can be also used to compare its performance against the performance of classifiers generated by other classification algorithms. There are currently several performance measures for binary and flat classification problems. For hierarchical classification problems, where there are multiple classes which are hierarchically related, the evaluation step is more complex. This paper reviews the main evaluation metrics proposed in the literature to evaluate hierarchical classification models.
Subjects: 12. Machine Learning and Discovery; 1.6 Engineering And Science
Submitted: May 15, 2007
This page is copyrighted by AAAI. All rights reserved. Your use of this site constitutes acceptance of all of AAAI's terms and conditions and privacy policy.Images: Afghanistan airdrops surpass record levels in 2011 [Image 3 of 5]
Photo by Master Sgt. William Greer
Pallets of water are released from a C-17 Globemaster III aircraft assigned to the 816th Expeditionary Airlift Squadron during an airdrop mission 3 of 5], by MSgt William Greer, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Date Taken:05.26.2011
Date Posted:01.13.2012 13:21
Photo ID:509398
VIRIN:110526-F-RH591-146
Resolution:4256x2832
Size:1.95 MB
Location:OVER AFGHANISTAN, AF
Gallery Images
Associated News
Afghanistan airdrops surpass record levels in 2011
Options
Time is up!!!! Okay ladies--- still gonna surprise you with which one you get when you receive these in the mail, but the winners are, as follows:
I'm about to have a baby girl in the next five weeks or so!
I love purple! So my first choice would be the purple one!
However I also really like the white one! Actually I really like them all! :-)
I would love to win one!
I actually have a baby, so it's a contest that makes sense to enter!!!
I'd be happy with any of them.
I would love the star one or the polka dot. Really any of them.
My baby is turning 1 tomorrow! I really hope I win one!
CONGRATULATIONS--- Please email me at girlydos@hotmail.com where I can ship your head bands. I am excited to see these pictures, so don't forget that part of the deal. Of course I can already tell I will be waiting on at least two pictures (wink wink). Congratulations winners.
See you on Monday with a new style!!!
Oooh! Woohoo I won!! :D I just sent you a message! Thanks for the great giveaway!!! :D :D
Awesome I'm sooo excited!!!!!!
WOW So excited! Thanks so much!!!
Congratulations to the winners!
Congrats Ladies!!!
Yeah! I just sent my address, Thank you so much!!!!RJR.John Rocha White 'Isla' dessert plate
Item No.3320280001
Item No.3320280001
70% Off - Save a total of £6.30
This white dessert plate from the 'Isla' range of designer table ware by RJR.John Rocha is crafted from glazed porcelain with a shallow, rounded base and a sketched black and red flower design.Slum Village News
- Pete Rock & Slum Village Announce Joint TourJan 22, 2015 at 06:15pmDet.
- Yes Yes: Slum Village Talks New Music, Doughnuts & J. DillaMar 14, 2014 at 09:55amDet.
- Cover Art Revealed For Upcoming Slum Village Album "Evolution" [Update: Stream The Album In Its Entirety]Jun 19, 2013 at 12:47pmSl.
- Slum Village Announces "Dirty Slums" TourApr 18, 2013 at 12:53pmWith....Nor Shall My Sword...
Reviewed by
Emily Adams
…Nor Shall My Sword… by Aldreg Welles has the feel of a nineteenth-century British novel. The author’s project, a modern imitation of an old beloved English novel, is successful but flawed.
Welles tells the story of an English engineer deeply entrenched in the world of industry and transportation during the second half of the twentieth century. As Alexander Strang juggles his successful business life with the demands of his wife, family, children, and society, the reader is drawn into a tale that seems larger than life.
The summary on the back cover provides an enticing introduction, and readers will not be disappointed by this preview. Welles builds the plot well through clear, frequent dialogue, fast-paced action, and changing scenes that drive the story forward. For example, the author ties a description of Alex’s application to Manchester University together with a brief reference to Alex’s relationship with Prudence, one of his girlfriends, and a scene in which Alex interacts with his Aunt Agnes, thereby pushing distinct layers of the plot forward simultaneously.
The plot is skillfully woven into historical events, firmly grounding the story into the time and place in which it is set. For instance, Welles relates details of one of the British national elections and the change in political leadership in between a description of Alex and his wife’s move to Mousehole. At another place, he writes, “The summer of 1978 turned into autumn.” Lines like this tie the story to reality.
In addition, Welles builds interesting characters through their actions and dialogue with each other. Alex’s womanizing behavior early in the book contrasts with his likability and prepares the reader to accept him as a multidimensional hero even while observing his questionable business practices later in the story. Welles writes, “Alex … found his contempories likeable and good companions. He formed a friendship with the third mate.” His ability to form fast friendships demonstrates his likability to the readers.
Unfortunately, the book’s adult content is severely overdone. It seems to be provided as senseless entertainment that mostly serves to lengthen story. This undermines the potential of the narrative, turing it into a romance driven by scandalous scenes rather than by a well-constructed story line. Additionally, frequent typos and editorial flaws (most obviously, the typo in “apprentice ship” on the jacket copy) also muddy an otherwise well-written tale.
That said, the language, tone, and pace of the book help Welles achieve the feel of a British novel written in a past era. Moments like, “Alex was now well into the routine of watch keeping at sea,” serve to enhance the appeal of the work.
Overall, …Nor Shall My Sword… is entertaining and will provide readers with lively material, but it falls short of being aThe Globemallow (Sphaeralcea coccinea and allied spp.) is a riotous splash across the mesa, all scarlet and orange and pink amongst the native grasses and blue flowered Sages. Unlike the common mallows, our spp. is so hairy as to sometimes be known as Sore Eye Poppy, and if you ever drive down a dry dirt road with Globemallow growing on either side and your windows down you’ll soon be rubbing your eyes and understanding that particular common name in a very personal way. Children sometimes like to play with the pretty blooms and then accidentally rub the hairs into the eyes, causing quite the itchy, scratchy, owie kind of catastrophe.
However, outside of this strange anamoly, the Globemallow can be worked with in any way in which you would normally use a Malva spp. or good old Marshmallow. Like these other species, Globemallow makes a lovely gooey mess when pounded up. In fact, indigenous peoples once used the root goo as a kind of edible glaze on the inside of some of their earthenware. That same goo also makes a wonderful poultice for wounds, broken bones, sprains and swellings.
I do suggest that if you use any part of Globemallow medicinally besides the root, that you thoroughly strain whatever you’re making to avoid any scratchy throat moments. It’s also a traditional wash for irritated, red eyes and you definitely want to strain the wash, because the last thing you need is more itchiness in your eye. It works very well for that application though, and is especially effective when combined with Rose petals.
Essentially, much of the Mallow’s medicine has its roots in the moistening and moderately cooling qualities of the plant overall. It’s very useful here in the Southwest where everyone tends towards hot and dried out. It’s really quite lovely come a sunbaked June day at the height of fire season when there’s smoke in the air and one’s lungs feel like they’ve been sun dried. Added to a nourishing infusion of Oatstraw and Rose, it provides a moist, sweet treat for the whole body, but especially the mucus membranes.
Globemallow makes a great oil despite the fact that it may seem like its mucilagenous nature would promote mold. So far I’ve had significantly less trouble with it than say, Plantain. It’s a soothing and very healing addition to nearly any salve and is especially good at stimulating the local immune system. Poultices and washes also work nicely in a pinch.
Perhaps the most profound healing effect I’ve seen personally with the help of this plant is in cases of IBS and dyspepsia related to an irritated, imbalanced gut. Slow but sure, it can greatly restore the health of the GI in almost any situation where there’s simple constitutional dryness accompanied by chronic inflammation. It’s dependable, common and easy to use, just like all the best medicines. This is a great combo with Rose and Chamomile for many many cases of IBS.
That whimsical little painting over there on the left is by our very own lovely Loba, just this morning as a card for me. I drew her some Motherwort, Oats and Sage in return.
For more on the amazing medicine of the Mallows, check out this previous post.
Resouces:
Medicinal Plants of the Mountain West by Michael Moore
Herbal Medicine of the American Southwest by Charles Kane
Native American Ethnobotany by Daniel E Moerman
I just found this blog yesterday and have bookmarked it. I hope to return to it daily. This is something that is in my heart after being almost killed by the pharmaceutical industry with the help of my doctor.
I haven’t had a chance to look very far, but I was wondering if you have, or are planning to show resources to learn how to make the different products. I know heal all and St. johns wort grow on my premises as well as clover and asters, the later I noticed you mentioned in another post.
I have a friend who is interested in this. I will add a link to this site from my blog.
Hi Dave, check out the Categories on the left there, and click on the Medicine Making posts, which include some on tincture making for beginners etc. You can also go up to the top menu and click on the archive index where you’ll be able to see all the titles for the different categories, so as to better figure out what’s here.
Thanks for reading,
KivaThe Puppet File Server
The Puppet File Server
This guide covers the use of Puppet’s file serving capability.
The
puppet master service includes a file server for transferring static files. If a
file resource declaration contains a
puppet: URI in its
source attribute, nodes will retrieve that file from the master’s file server:
# copy a remote file to /etc/sudoers file { "/etc/sudoers": mode => 440, owner => root, group => root, source => "puppet:///modules/module_name/sudoers" }
All puppet file server URIs are structured as follows:
puppet://{server hostname (optional)}/{mount point}/{remainder of path}
If a server hostname is omitted (i.e.
puppet:///{mount point}/{path}; note the triple-slash), the URI will resolve to whichever server the evaluating node considers to be its master. As this makes manifest code more portable and reusable, hostnames should be omitted whenever possible.
The remainder of the
puppet: URI maps to the server’s filesystem in one of two ways, depending on whether the files are provided by a module or exposed through a custom mount point.
Serving Module Files
As the vast majority of file serving should be done through modules, the Puppet file server provides a special and semi-magical mount point called
modules, which is available by default. If a URI’s mount point is
modules, Puppet will:
- Interpret the next segment of the path as the name of a module…1
- … locate that module in the server’s
modulepath(as described here under “Module Lookup”)…
- … and resolve the remainder of the path starting in that module’s
files/directory.
That is to say, if a module named
test_module is installed in the central server’s
/etc/puppet/modules directory, the following puppet: URI…
puppet:///modules/test_module/testfile.txt
…will resolve to the following absolute path:
/etc/puppet/modules/test_module/files/testfile.txt
If
test_module were installed in
/usr/share/puppet/modules, the same URI would instead resolve to:
/usr/share/puppet/modules/test_module/files/testfile.txt
Although no additional configuration is required to use the
modules mount point, some access controls can be specified in the file server configuration by adding a
[modules] configuration block; see Security.
Serving Files From Custom Mount Points
Puppet can also serve files from arbitrary mount points specified in the server’s file server configuration (see below). When serving files from a custom mount point, Puppet does not perform the additional URI abstraction used in the
modules mount, and will resolve the path following the mount name as a simple directory structure.
File Server Configuration
The default location for the file server’s configuration data is
/etc/puppet/fileserver.conf; this can be changed by passing the
--fsconfig flag to
puppet master.
The format of the fileserver.conf file is almost exactly like that of rsync, and roughly resembles an INI file:
[mount_point] path /path/to/files allow *.example.com deny *.wireless.example.com
The following options can currently be specified for a given mount point:
- The
pathto the mount’s location on the disk
- Any number of
allowdirectives
- Any number of
denydirectives
path is the only required option, but since the
default security configuration is to deny all access, a mount point with no
allow directives would not be available to any nodes.
The path can contain any or all of %h, %H, and %d, which are dynamically replaced by the client’s hostname, its fully qualified domain name and its domain name, respectively. All are taken from the client’s SSL certificate (so be careful if you’ve got hostname/certname mismatches). This is useful in creating modules where files for each client are kept completely separately, e.g. for private ssh host keys. For example, with the configuration
[private] path /data/private/%h allow *
the request for file /private/file.txt from client client1.example.com will look for a file /data/private/client1/file.txt, while the same request from client2.example.com will try to retrieve the file /data/private/client2/file.txt on the fileserver.
Currently paths cannot contain trailing slashes or an error will result. Also take care that in puppet.conf you are not specifying directory locations that have trailing slashes.
Security
Securing the Puppet file server consists of allowing and denying access (at varying levels of specificity) per mount point. Groups of nodes can be identified for permission or denial in three ways: by IP address, by name, or by a single global wildcard (
*). Custom mount points default to denying all access.
In addition to custom mount points, there are two special mount points which can be managed with
fileserver.conf:
modules and
plugins. Neither of these mount points should have a
path option specified. The behavior of the
modules mount point is described above under Serving Files From Custom Mount Points. The
plugins mount is not a true mount point, but is rather a hook to allow
fileserver.conf to specify which nodes are permitted to sync plugins from the Puppet Master. Both of these mount points exist by default, and both default to allowing all access; if any
allow or
deny directives are set for one of these special mounts, its security settings will behave like those of a normal mount (i.e., it will default to denying all access). Note that these are the only mount points for which
deny * is not redundant.
If nodes are not connecting to the Puppet file server directly, e.g. using a reverse proxy and Mongrel (see Using Mongrel), then the file server will see all the connections as coming from the proxy server’s IP address rather than that of the Puppet Agent node. In this case, it is best to restrict access based on hostname. Additionally, the machine(s) acting as reverse proxy (usually 127.0.0.0/8) will need to be allowed to access the applicable mount points.
Priority
More specific
deny and
allow statements take precedence over less specific statements; that is, an
allow statement for
node.example.com would let it connect despite a
deny statement for
*.example.com. At a given level of specificity,
deny statements take precedence over
allow statements.
Unpredictable behavior can result from mixing IP address directives with hostname and domain name directives, so try to avoid doing that. (Currently, if node.example.com’s IP address is 192.168.1.80 and
fileserver.conf contains
allow 192.168.1.80 and
deny node.example.com, the IP-based
allow directive will actually take precedence. This behavior may be changed in the future and should not be relied upon.)
Host Names
Host names can be specified using either a complete hostname, or
specifying an entire domain using the
* wildcard:
[export] path /export allow host.domain1.com allow *.domain2.com deny badhost.domain2.com
IP Addresses
Note: Puppet 3.0.0 broke IP address filtering in fileserver.conf, and it is currently broken in all 3.0.x versions of Puppet. This is issue #16686.
If you rely on IP address filtering for custom file server mount points, you can implement it in Puppet 3 by simplifying fileserver.conf and adding a new rule to auth.conf:
Original 2.x fileserver.conf:
[files] path /etc/puppet/files allow *.example.com allow 192.168.100.0/24
Workaround:
# fileserver.conf [files] path /etc/puppet/files allow * # auth.conf path ~ ^/file_(metadata|content)s?/files/ auth yes allow /^(.+\.)?example.com$/ allow_ip 192.168.100.0/24
In short, fileserver.conf must allow all access, but only authorized nodes will be allowed to reach fileserver.conf. The
file_metadata/<mount point>and
file_content/<mount point>endpoints control file access in auth.conf. You must also make sure to catch the pluralized version of each, to enable recursive directory copies.
IP addresses can be specified similarly to host names, using either complete IP addresses or wildcarded addresses. You can also use CIDR-style notation:
[export] path /export allow 127.0.0.1 allow 192.168.0.* allow 192.168.1.0/24
Global allow
Specifying a single wildcard will let any node access a mount point:
[export] path /export allow *
Note that the default behavior for custom mount points is equivalent to
deny *.Hotel encourages guests to try steal a Banksy off the wall
We’ve all heard the story of how Banksy smuggled one of his own artworks into the MOMA. Now Melbourne’s Cullen Hotel is reversing the challenge, inviting guests to try and steal a signed Banksy original off their walls. Yup, ‘Stay the Night, Steal The Art’. If you succeed without getting caught, it’s yours to keep ($15,000 value). But if you get nabbed, it goes back on the wall for the next guest to have a crack. The hotel recommends against using ‘an angle grinder, but you will need plenty of guile and cunning’. Indeed!
BlogTalkRadio
Justin Smeja Ro Sahebi Shawn Evidence Dead Bigfoot
in Paranormal
ohio bigfoot evidence
what to look for when looking for Bigfoot. lectures.
Nite Callers Bigfoot Radio Presents: Dan Baker Ohio Bigfoot Researcher
in Paranormal
Dan was a 12 year old boy back in 1967 when Roger Patterson and Bob Gimlin made their world famous film. From the very first time he saw it, he was amazed and hooked on Bigfoot.
As a young boy, Dan was privileged to grow up out in the country where he and one of his friends used to play in the woods almost everyday. One day they came across a huge dome shaped enclosure with an opening on one end. It was big enough for both of them to fit in comfortably and used it as a ready made fort for about two weeks. One day when they went back to play in their fort, they found it was completely gone.
As a young boy, Dan had no idea of the significance of what they had discovered. It wasn't until years later that he realized what the structure was.
His Bigfoot research then began to take off and he has never looked back. Though he began with reading and online research, he has since spent a great deal of time in the woods researching and seeking answers as to what this creature is.
Dan Baker was a believer until June 15th 2013 when he had a nighttime sighting. From that time on he became a knower.
In July of 2014, he founded American Primate Exploration / A.P.E. . It is a closed group on Facebook with membership closing in on 800 people. It is a very serious, no nonsense group with research teams in 8 states, Manitoba,Quebec and the U.K.
Dan has had the pleasure of meeting many greats in the Bigfoot community such as Dr. Jeff Meldrum, Esteban Sarmiento, Lyle Blackburn, John Kirk III, The cast of Finding Bigfoot, and his hero and living legend, Bob Gimlin.
Nite Callers Bigfoot Radio Presents: Brenda Harris
in Paranormal
Bre.. Sentell is neuropsychologist with a Ph.D from Vanderbuilt University and has been the principal as well as co-author on publications regarding animal behavior. When he is not in his Bossier, La, clinic, he may be found on a mule or in a canoe exploring habitats where anomolous, large, hair-covered hominids have been reported. He concentrates his research in a area known as the Big Piney Woods, which stretches from Fouke, Arkansas, through Northern Louisiana, East Texas and to the Big Thicket of Texas. Webb has made numerous excursions to locations where sightings and reports occur. Webb does not consider himself a 'bigfoot researcher. He is an ethologist who happens to be interested in not only participating in the scientific recognition but also the cognitive development of Sasquatch. Dr. Sentell can be reached at drsentell@gmail.com or he can be found on his Facebook page.
Nite Callers Bigfoot Radio Presents: Jim Whitehead
in Paranormal
Continuing the North American Sasquatch Researcher Series, Nite Callers Bigfoot Radio is honored to present Oklahoma Bigfoot field researcher, Jim Whitehead. Jim Whitehead grew up in the shadow of a local legend that roamed the creeks of Central Oklahoma. Having some strange encounters as a boy, and knowing people who had seen the creature,left him open to the possibility of the creature"s existence. As a boy, his father taught him how to track, and live off the land. Jim went on to study biology and did some volunteer work with the Oklahoma Biological Survey and Oklahoma Academy of Science, and eventually
earned degrees in Natural Science and Biology. After encountering the creature in 2006, Jim began to research the creature in question. Eventually he joined the
MABRC, and became the Western Oklahoma State Director and a scientific advisor to the group..
NO EVIDENCE, NO BIGFOOT
in Paranormal
WITHOUT REAL EVIDENCE WE CAN'T SAY BIGFOOT TRULY EXISTS. CAN WE?
Nite Callers Bigfoot Radio Presents: Florida Bigfoot Researcher Robert Robinson
in Paranormal
In continuing the series on the North American Sasquatch Researcher, Nite Callers Bigfoot Radio presents Robert Robinson from Florida. Robert Robinson was born at Hamilton AFB, CA. He grew up an Army brat and had the privilege of visiting Europe numerous times. After graduating high school at Lansing Kansas, Robert enlisted in the United States Army in June 1982. He received his Basic and Advanced Individual Training as a Military Policeman at Ft McClellan, Alabama.
Rob, when he was young, became interested in Cryptozoology after watching the TV cartoon series “Jonny Quest” and the movies” The Abominable Snowman of the Himalayas” and “The Legend of Boggy Creek”. His mother, who is from Scotland, related stories of the Loch Ness Monster, to him. Also, his uncle would relate scary stories of the Fouke Monster and Bigfoot. Because the whole subject of real monsters scared him, Rob started researching monster legends by reading every book he could. Rob also became interested in UFO and extratertriels after watching the movie “Close Encounters of the Third Kind”. His fear turned into intrigue and then became a hobby and passion. After retiring from the Army, Rob started going on Swamp Ape expedition with the Bigfoot Field Research Organization. Tracy (Rob’s wife) also had an interest in the unexplained and accompanied him on his monster hunts. Tracy also conducted paranormal research investigations such as haunting and ghosts. Rob has stated that “When you are out at night, monster or ghost hunting, there is nothing better than being scared and excited at the same time. I would monster/ghost hunt 24/7 if I had the opportunity”..
- ...
Today's Best Podcasts
Join Host Live Chats
- Freedom Doors Ministries (4 chatters)
- Prophet Laron Matthews (1 chatters)
Get Social with BTRSqueaky Floor Repair When You Have Carpet
There are some DIY videos on the old world wide web that are real eye openers (at least for us anyway). Today we learned how to follow a few easy steps to ridding your subfloor of those horrible squeaks, even if you have carpet! Click through the jump for a great How-To video from This Old House!
Many DIY videos leave us feeling like there will only be a 60% success rate if we attempted a project of that type. But this one seems easy enough to handle barring a drill bit, some special screws and a neat cleat to keep things in line. See what we mean right over here.
Thanks This Old House! We can always trust your wise words of experience!Each year, the Irrigation Association recognizes individuals and organizations that have made significant contributions to the irrigation industry.
Click on the award name for a more detailed description and a list of past winners.
2015 nominations are due May 15. Click here to download a nomination form. Submit completed nominations to awards@irrigation.org.
Visit to nominate an educator for the Irrigation Foundation’s Excellence in Education Award.Editor’s Note: Check out Tom Garvey’s first post from his international man of mystery and lacrosse tour! He’s rocking a solid mustache, traveling the world, coaching lacrosse, and sharing his thoughts with you. It’s well worth a read! Check out his first post on the camps on Tokyo, Japan!
The Japanese players I have met on my trip have a saying, “Lacrosse Makes Friends.”
While somewhat grammatically suspect, the true meaning of this short and simple phrase is easily understood by all who play this wonderful game..
Setting up an event in a foreign country, particularly where they speak another language, can be challenging. Peter LeSueur and I both worked closely with our friend, Kosuke Mitsumoto, to plan the Tokyo event. Our friendship with Kosuke extends back to 2002 when we traveled to Japan as members of the Johns Hopkins men’s lacrosse team. The bonds of friendship formed 12 years ago and our mutual passion to teach the game of lacrosse helped us achieve our goal of running the first American-led lacrosse camp in Tokyo.
The experience of coaching a game you love in another country is quite powerful. My friend, Ken Ikegawa, whom I met in 2012 through lacrosse in Australia, was instrumental in translating our instructions to the more than 85 players that attended. Sport provides a level playing field and commands mutual respect, amongst teammates, adversaries as well as between player and coach.
While many of the Japanese players were initially reserved (a cultural norm), we found that they warmed up to us through the game of lacrosse. The Seikei University team even presented us with honorary school flags and chopsticks, which we are very grateful for. We left Japan with heaps of new friends (and not just in the Facebook sense, although we got some of that too!).
As I prepare for the upcoming camp here in Australia, I’m reminded of how many friends lacrosse has created for me here. My mate (that’s what they call a “buddy” Down Under), Ben Stevens, was instrumental in promoting the camp – we met in 2012 when I coached his brother. This afternoon I had coffee with Melbourne lacrosse legend Graeme Fox – winner of Australian Lacrosse Men’s Best and Fairest in 1979. Fellow American and former Marine Corps Lieutenant Jon Chin will help me coach this weekend. I’m proud to call all of these men friends, and all through lacrosse.
The game of lacrosse has been slightly stagnant in Australia with ~5,000 active participants over the last numbers of years. Players likely won’t receive college scholarships and most will hang up their cleats by the time they reach 20 years old. Youth athletes in Victoria favor Aussie-rules football (footie), cricket, soccer and basketball, which are all good games with tremendous extrinsic benefits. Lacrosse is unique though.
When we meet a fellow lacrosse enthusiast, young or old, there’s a common bond and sense of respect. It’s something I can’t quite put words around so I’ll defer back to the Japanese: “Lacrosse Makes Friends.”Warning:
The NCBI web site requires JavaScript to function.
more...
Generate a file for use with external citation management software.
Endonuclease G (Endo G) is widely distributed among animals and cleaves DNA at double-stranded (dG)n.(dC)n and at single-stranded (dC)n tracts. Endo G is synthesized as a propeptide with an amino-terminal presequence that targets the nuclease to mitochondria. Endo G can also be detected in extranucleolar chromatin. In addition to deoxyribonuclease activities, Endo G also has ribonuclease (RNase) and RNase H activities and specifically cleaves mouse mitochondrial RNA and DNA-RNA substrates containing the origin of heavy-strand DNA replication (OH). The cleavage sites match those found in vivo, indicating that Endo G is capable of generating the RNA primers required by DNA polymerase gamma to initiate replication of mitochondrial DNA.
National Center for
Biotechnology Information,
U.S. National Library of Medicine
8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda
MD, 20894
USAStarbucks has offered to pay more taxes in the UK after increased pressure from British lawmakers, according to the Boston Globe.
The coffee company has been accused by officials in Britain of avoiding taxes in the country. Since government spending is on the cusp of being cut, lawmakers are asking executives to cough up a bit more cash than they have in the past.
Starbucks has reportedly buckled under the pressure.
“Having listened to customers and to the British public, Starbucks in the UK will be making changes which will result in the company paying higher corporation tax in the UK — above what is currently required by law,” the company said in a recent statement.
According to The Huffington Post, Starbucks has agreed to pay $16 million a year in order to make good with the British government. Over the past 14 years, the company has only paid $13.8 million in corporate taxes.
Although some may think the coffee company has broken a number of laws by skipping out on its share of the tax bill, apparently Starbucks hasn’t done anything wrong. Companies which operate in Europe can take advantage of low tax rates by basing operations in the European nation of its choosing.
Since Starbucks pays quite a bit of money to the folks in the Netherlands, it doesn’t have to pay as much as those entities based in the United Kingdom.
However, not everyone is overly impressed with the company’s decision to pay more in taxes. Hannah Pearce, spokesperson for UK Uncut, still feels Starbucks is a tax dodger.
“Starbucks have been avoiding tax for over a decade and continue to deny that it paid too little tax in the past. Today’s announcement is just a desperate attempt to deflect public pressure,” Pearce explained.
What do you think about Starbucks paying more in UK taxes?Jergens’ Fixture Pro quick-change, workholding system is designed to provide multisided access to pallet-mounted workpieces and locating accuracy to help manufacturers increase productivity, maximize five-axis machine capabilities and reduce setup times on 3+2 multi-axis machines.
The modular workholding system features a variety of riser sizes and styles, enabling users to raise parts off the table, rigidly clamp them into place and then quickly change them out. By raising the part off the table, the system gives the cutting tool unobstructed access to faces, surfaces and areas, so programmers can plot efficient tool paths that maximize the machine’s capabilities, the company says. System components are designed with center location and timing pins that enable accurate and repeatable part orientation, eliminating the need to re-indicate.
The system also features elements that enable users to change out parts in seconds, even complete set ups. By adding pull studs into the bottom of a fixture or vise, users can drop it into the system’s quick-change pallet. With a few turns of a screw, the pallet can accurately locate and clamp the vise or other workholding element, the company says.
The system can be mounted to virtually any machine or rotary table, and it includes a variety of subplates, center locating pins, timing pins, QLS bolts, risers, top plates, mini pallets and clamps.May
December 4, 2014 · 6:15 PMUsing Java Mission Control & Java Flight RecorderWhen developing in Java Technology, it’s very important to know how we can monitor, manage, profile & diagnose the JVMs using various tools. Java provides various tools... Learn more
October 30, 2014 · 6:15 PMJava 8: Lambda Expressions
- More Meetups'Sleep was my enemy': A Bond actress on battling insomnia
JAMES BOND beauty Yennis Cheung has battled insomnia since childhood and talks about how she finally conquered it
Hollywood actress Yennis Cheung has battled insomnia throughout her life[GETTY]
Bright-eyed and full of zest Yennis Cheung looks like she’s never missed a night’s sleep yet for most of her life the petite actress has fought a battle against insomnia.
At her worst she has been reduced to tears by fatigue and struggled to cope with long hours of filming that would test the most robust of performers.
When she talks about her upbringing it’s hardly surprising she developed sleeping problems. Born in China and raised in Hong Kong, Yennis, an only child, saw her family struggle to survive.
“When my parents and I moved to Hong Kong when I was a few months old they had the equivalent of £2 with them,” says the actress, who played the casino cashier in the Bond film Skyfall.
“They were members of the Beijing Opera and didn’t know Hong Kong had television and films. For the first five years we lived in a tin house which was like a slum and we started out sleeping on newspaper.
"My mum went through rubbish bins to find quilts and covers for us. Hong Kong gets a lot of typhoons so several times a year, whenever a typhoon hit, our home collapsed.”
Ironically once her parents abandoned their dreams of performing and got jobs in a factory and on a construction site Yennis developed unhealthy habits which she believes affected her sleeping patterns.
“My parents were always very busy and out working so I was left at home alone a lot,” explains Yennis, 26, who is now based in north London.
Insomnia can wreak havoc on sufferers' lives [GETTY]
“My diet wasn’t at all healthy. I ate a lot of junk food. I lived on fizzy drinks, chocolate bars, crisps and fast food.
“Luckily I was very active and fit. My dad was a martial arts champion and had trained me since I was a toddler. I also swam for my school so I didn’t end up being overweight from all the junk food.
If you don’t sleep, nothing works
“As a teenager I could never get to sleep and my mum also suffered from insomnia. At the age of 13 I’d lie in bed tossing and turning, trying to force myself to go to sleep. When I couldn’t sleep I drew cartoons. It felt as if sleep was always my enemy.
“I had such a bad relationship with it and became incredibly nervous about just going to bed.
She adds: “It was no wonder my body wouldn’t switch off and rest. I had three cans of cola a day – all that fast food and so much chocolate. The caffeine from the cola gave me false energy. So I did well academically considering I was surviving on a few hours’ sleep per night.”
At 14 Yennis won a place at the Hong Kong Academy for Performing Arts, majoring in classical opera. As a teenager she also started doing some modelling and signed with Sony music before becoming an actress.
Eight years ago she moved to the UK to pursue her acting career. Among her credits are Shanghai, Somebody To Love and Skyfall but despite her success she was still plagued by insomnia.
“Sleep is so important especially when I am filming for 12 hours at a time,” she says.
Even while filming Skyfall with Daniel Craig, Yennis was plagued by insomnia [GETTY]
“Filming Skyfall was an exciting time but as soon as I got a break in filming I would head back to my dressing room and try to sleep.
“In the past changing my diet by cutting out carbohydrates and sugar helped but I was drinking a lot of green tea and Chinese herbal tea, both of which contain caffeine.
“I ate a lot of fish and sleep-inducing foods such as lettuce and bananas and I drank a lot of green juices but I still wondered if there was something lacking in my diet that would help me sleep.”
“Some shoots have gone on for 16 hours. Having no sleep affected my memory and ability to remember my lines in scripts. I looked tired and suffered from bags and dark circles under my eyes. I had to use so much concealer to cover them.
Yennis knew what an important opportunity it was to be cast in Skyfall, the most recent film in the 007 franchise, but she still couldn’t beat her demons.
Yennis felt she had done all she could until earlier this year a friend told her about NewGen Superfoods Plus (£37.99 for 15 sachets from newgendirect.com), a chemical-free powdered food supplement made from fruits, vegetables, grains, nuts and seeds.
She gave it a try, mixing the powder with soya milk for breakfast and sprinkling it on her meals.
On the third day of taking the supplement she noticed that her sleeping patterns were starting to improve.
“I was so amazed I even rang the company and asked them which of the ingredients was helping me,” laughs Yennis, who still practises martial arts as well as doing two yoga sessions a week.
“They explained that the minerals it contains would help to stabilise my blood sugar and lower my stress hormones.
“Now I sleep up to 10 hours a night but best of all I’ve lost the anxiety I used to suffer before I went to bed. If I forget to take my sachets when I go away the insomnia comes back. That’s enough proof for me.”
This autumn Yennis is back on our screens in the BBC drama Panic, a thriller in which she co-stars with David Gyasi. Yet even the storyline – which involves her character Kem being kidnapped – hasn’t given her sleepless nights.
“I feel so much better now that I’ve conquered my sleep demons,” adds Yennis. “If you don’t sleep, nothing works.”Old Women of Arles, from the Volpini Suite: Dessins lithographiques, 1889
Paul Gauguin (French, 1848–1903)
Zincograph on chrome yellow wove paper; first edition; 7 1/2 x 8 1/4 in. (19.1 x 21 cm)
Rogers Fund, 1922 (22.82.2(10)).
This print depicts four elderly women walking on a wintry garden path. The bare landscape is punctuated by a large round shrub, a graceful willow, and two tall wrapped trees. The pair in the foreground, one of whom resembles Mme Ginoux, the owner of a famous café in Arles, shield themselves against the cold winds of the mistral with their cloaks. Gauguin found great satisfaction in the appearance of the women he encountered while in the south of France, and rhapsodized about them in a letter: "The women here, with their elegant coiffure, their Grecian beauty, their shawls falling in folds like the primitives, are, I say, like Greek processions." The brightly colored paper Gauguin used in the Volpini Suite is reminiscent of Van Gogh's Yellow House in Arles, where Gauguin had a disastrous stay as Van Gogh's guest in 1888.Whether you are looking for Schools or Primary and High Schools, Hotfrog is the place to go to. Browse the businesses below in chennai, Tamil Nadu or extend your search to nearby suburbs by using the left navigation menu. Hotfrog makes your search easier.
Sais Biosciences Research Institute - 09/04/2010
Kidzpark - 13/10/2009
Chennai, Tamil Nadu
With the belief that education today, must serve the interests of the individual, nation and humankind, the KenBridge Schools have crafted a very special curriculum The school verticals under ESL are Kindersta…
Esl
Xseed Preschools are India's leading preschool education providers brought to you by IdiscoverI Education Xseed Preschools provide a learning and enjoyable experience for your preschooler
NURSERY SCHOOLschoolPreparatory SchoolPrep School
Yes, the schools we represent are accredited by the International Civil Aviation Organisation and Federal Aviation Administration, Civil Aviation Authority of Philippines, Joint Aviation Authority, Director General…
AVIATION SERVICES
Preschools. preschool summercamp 2012,summercamp 2012 for kids, chennai summercamp,IndiaEdu provides details about Play Schools,Preschool Preparatory Pre Nursery Preparatory School,Nursery School
NURSERY SCHOOLPreparatory SchoolPrep SchoolKindergarten School
XSEED is a complete academic solution for schools to improve quality of education. It helps schools build quality in teaching and learning. Improvement in academic performance and admissions assured
schoolSchool Curriculumeducation servicesTeacher Training
eLearning Software Solutions development Company WHBS Chennai India provides end-to-end E-Learning and educational solutions, Learning Management System (LMS) for Schools, Colleges and Enterprises and Content Developmen…
Custom Content DevelopmentElearning SoftwareStudent Information SystemSchool Software
The mission of "Gateway Schools" is to foster a community of caring that nurtures the development of the whole child; academically, socially, and emotionally by enabling all students to become lifelong learners and…
schoolInternational SchoolsINTERNATIONAL SCHOOLTeachers
We offer ID cards for the Govt., Business, Corporate, Industries, Hospitals, schools, Loyalty program, membership cards, Organization, and many more.. We offer, design and customize School ID cards, Employee ID…
school
EZ Vidya is India's premier education research and innovation organization focused on delivering quality holistic education in Indian schools. With its flagship solution, Chrysalis, EZ Vidya is the pioneer in bringing a…
Educational ServicesHolistic EducationTeacherCurriculum Development
Vcare Academix has grown from strength to strength and has earned the coveted quality certification among schools, colleges and Corporates
Colleges
chennai, Tamil Nadu
Aacini schools, where learning is celebration - hi-tech @ wi-fi campus of 60 grounds at city Quality education of international standard - very moderate fees - "Arivu valam - podumai Nalam"
Welcome to the world of Safe-zone, An Ultimate Web portal for SECURITY AND SURVEILANCE EQUIPMENTS for your Office, Factory, Showroom, Warehouse, Shop, Home, Residence, Schools, and Colleges Manufacturers suppliers in Ta…
In Chennai, our expansions to Gerugambakkam and DLF Garden City in Semmencheri on the OMR, adding to the first Campus on the GST Road, St Thomas Mount Branch, now benefit a larger number of children, satisfying the…
Top Schools
NimbleKits are teaching training materials and teacher's lesson plans that are customised and delivered to the class rooms. They are accompanied by pre-tests and post tests conducted at schools
schoolKindergarten SchoolKindergartenTeachers
To create social Awareness, We involve our students to join hands with social
Higher Secondary School
TechKnowledge Education has put up a steady growth with increasing number of schools adopting the robotic training program of the company In an urge to plug this, TechKnowledge Education has introduced STEM ba…
schoolSummer Camp
With associations and help of the government officials our social workers got PENSION aid for several aged peoples and widows Night schools for social education in all 32 villages of our Society area
Health EducationAwareness ProgramsAnimators
Schooljobs.in is a unique portal of Everonn Education Limited, dedicated to recruitment at schools for teaching and related administrative jobs SCHOOLJOBS is now being used by hundreds of schools and other K12 …
HIGH SCHOOLSecondary SchoolschoolTeachers
Bookz 'n' More launches "Reading Benefits Awareness Campaign" at corporates and schools, to know more and participate in our program contact 43511735 We also conduct programs such as donation of books to under…
Bookz 'n' More launches "Reading Benefits Awareness Campaign" at corporates and schools, to know more and participate in our program contact 43511735 We conduct programs such as donation of books to underprivil…
MERITUS is a sister venture of and comes from the house of Bala Vidya Mandir & BVM Global group of schools MERITUS is founded and promoted by IIT ians and educationists with more than 100 years of combined exp…
Learning Solutions
…with a view to empower the student to scale new heights of success We have conducted workshops at schools and companies on various subjects and themes We trust in building a powerful student who could…
Userful Multiplier is multiseat Linux desktop virtualization software that lets computer support up to 10 independent users. Turn 1 ordinary PC into 10
Computer Management
Located in the heart of the city, National Public School, Gopalapuram, Chennai is one of the premier CBSE schools in the city. The benchmark of its success has been its creditable record in academics as well as the pers…
National Public School
WHBS link2school is a School learning management system (LMS) software for schools, colleges and education. It’s used for school management system, college management systems and all Education management systems
schoolElearning Softwareeducational softwaresoftware for school
Kidzpark is well known name in Flash Cards for Babies and Kids. Kidzpark range of products includes flash cards for babies from new born to 5 years old babies. Kidzpark have variety of flash cards to induce the int…
High SchoolsEducation And TrainingHIGH SCHOOLEducational Services
St. Francis International school Chennai, the Best Schools in chennai providing ICSE curriculam with diverse educational program to meet the individual needs of each student. Contact Us at ST. FRANCIS INTERNATIONAL SCHO…
schoolINTERNATIONAL SCHOOLExtra Curricular ActivitiesTeaching
Everonn’s unrivalled reach in providing a blend of traditional and digitized content to the schools, colleges and retail segments has helped in offering quality education to students even in the most remote parts o…
schoolGeographical Boundariesonline coursesOnline Teaching
Located in Chennai, India. Learning the modern world with 21st century's education tools. Residential school | Boarding school | Top schools in India | University of cambridge | Chennai | Tamilnadu | India
Top SchoolsBoarding SchoolsschoolResidential School
CHENNAI, Tamil Nadu
Srishti Montessori school was started in June 1995 to provide the right type of education for children between 2 ½ and 6 years. The school has adopted the Montessori approach to education for its sound educational princ…
Primary and High SchoolsEducation And TrainingMontessori School
Vellore Institute of Technology today profoundly known as VIT, comprises seven schools offering 17 undergraduate programmes and 28 post graduate programmes. It also offers research programmes leading to M.Phil and Ph.D …
Education And TrainingschoolDegreesColleges
Our aim is to provide help towards meeting the need of parents eager to get their children admitted to the best available schools, possibly, near their home
Classroom
schoolChild Development
schoolTeaching MethodsSchool Management
CHENNAI, TAMIL NADU
Study Centre
chennai, tamil nadu
Primary and HighMM50 Luxury Sailing Catamaran "Shooting Star"
Shooting Star is a 50' cruising catamaran with an emphasis on performance. The owner of this yacht has extensive experience with both large cruising multihulls and high performance dinghies (505s and A-Class catamarans). From this perspective the owner commissioned Morrelli & Melvin to design a vessel that combines the best of cruising comfort with dingy speed and agility. The result is a carefully developed yacht that is capable of devouring ocean miles whether on a race course or cruising short handed.
Shooting Star contains many innovative features. For example, the forward beam has been eliminated and a bridle-stayed longeron is used to support the forestay and downwind sails. Removing the forward beam decreases bow weight and pitching.
The cabin house of Shooting Star is also a unique design. This hard top convertible enclosure provides protection during inclement weather and can be retracted when the weather improves. Spaces typically dedicated to a fully enclosed pilothouse and an exterior cockpit have been combined into one large usable area. This open layout eliminates separation between those sailing the boat and those enjoying the social aft cockpit and deck.
Within the safety of the cabin house a well-positioned helm station provides excellent visibility of both the sails and the surroundings. Forward of the helm station within the cabin enclosure is a winch deck. Every control line on the boat is lead to this winch deck where two electric winches allow for easy operation of sails, daggerboards, and even the anchor system.
The interior of Shooting Star is light, simple, and ergonomic. Three double sized berths and one single berth are located on the corners of the boat. Each hull has a head between the guest cabins. The port hull has a dedicated shower and a workbench, while the starboard hull contains both a spacious galley and a navigation station. Ventilation through carefully hidden dorade boxes, ample port lights, and hatches will keep passengers refreshed as they tick off the ocean miles.
For more information Contact Morrelli & Melvin.Hair Street Style: Makeup Show Gala view
Hair Street Style: Kinky Hair Unlocked view
Hair in Motion view
Cascading curls, upscale updos and more haute looks from two chic NYC brunches.
Chana Ewing and Kyra Giles attend Style for Breakfast sponsored by Elasta QP in...
Chana Ewing and Kyra Giles attend Style for Breakfast sponsored by Elasta Q'LEGO Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu Season Two' Dated for Blu-rayPosted Mon Jan 14, 2013 at 08:00 AM PST by Tom Landy
All 13 episodes from the Cartoon Network animated series' second season will sneak onto Blu-ray in March.
In an early announcement to retailers, Warner Brothers is working on 'LEGO Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu Season Two' for Blu-ray on March 5.
Season Two finds the series' element wielding Ninja -- Kai (fire), Jay (Lightning), Zane (Ice) and Cole (Earth) -- preparing Green Ninja Lloyd for a fateful battle with his father, the villainous Lord Garmadon. Along the way, the five Spinjitzu ninja have to face evil clones, stop a time-traveling nemesis, reunite Lloyd with his mother, deal with an alliance between Garmadon and the Overlord, contend with a stone army and more.
Specs and supplements have yet to be revealed, but suggested list price for the Blu-ray is $24.98.
You can find the latest specs for 'LEGO Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu Season Two' linked from our Blu-ray Release Schedule, where it's indexed under March 5.
See what people are saying about this story in our forums area, or check out other recent discussions.
- Discs mentioned in this article: (Click for specs and reviews)
- LEGO Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu Season Two (Blu-ray)Experts to probe train accidentComment on this story
KwaZulu-Natal - Investigators from Gauteng are en route to the Midlands to look into the causes of the derailment of a train, carrying explosive chemical butane, outside Pietermaritzburg.
Transnet Freight Rail officials said the line between the Napier Junction and Pentrich Station was still closed on Monday after the incident at 6pm on Sunday.
No one was injured in the incident and the gas did not come into contact with the air.
Transnet’s Selby Dlamini confirmed the cause of the accident was unclear, but said that technical experts from Johannesburg had been dispatched to investigate and assess the damage.
“The train driver and his assistant escaped injury.”
According to Wikipedia, butane is a flammable gas.
It is sold in canisters for cooking and camping. Some kinds of butane are used in refriger.
During the campaign, Moore, 37, of River Falls accused Harsdorf of betraying working families, public employees, students and seniors. Moore, an English teacher at Ellsworth High School and a member of the Wisconsin Education Association Council, the state's teacher union, said Harsdorf and her Republican colleagues led by Gov. Scott Walker have given tax breaks and other concessions to corporations and the wealthy while cutting education funding by $800 million and balancing the budget on the backs of the middle class.
Harsdorf, 55, of River Falls, was elected to the Senate in 2000 and served in the in the Assembly from 1988-1996. A recall target because she supported Walker's legislation to limit collective bargaining for most public workers, Harsdorf said says she has been a strong advocate for the people in her district and the state overall and did exactly what they asked her to do. That included balancing the state budget and controlling spending without increasing taxes, she said.
33
Read and share your thoughts on this story.Free Hot 18 Xxl MP4 Video Download
list
thumbChange Layout :
Https: youtube devicesupport
Free Hot 18 Xxl MP4 Video Download. This is page 1 of MP4/Video download page, showing the most 10 relevant music video about hot 18 xxl mp4 no. 1-10. You can download hot 18 xxl video for free, buy hot 18 xxl music legally start from $0.05/track (high quality audio files), or send ringtone to you cell phone.
* Please read our term of use carefully before downloading any MP4 files. MP3ster DO NOT host any hot 18 xxl mp3/mp4/song/music/video files in our server.
Https: youtube devicesupportSold Out $62.99
Greenock Creek Cabernet Sauvignon 1998
Cabernet Sauvignon from Australia
Winemaker's Notes
Full ruby color. Pungent, oaky aromas of iron, smoke, nutmeg and mint. Lush red berry fruit complicated by hints of meat, iron and milk chocolate. Finishes with sweet, lush tannins and hints of exotic fruits.
Critical Acclaim
The Wine Advocate - "The 1998 Cabernet Sauvignon (100% Cabernet Sauvignon from 11-year old vines, aged in a combination of one-year old and new French oak) is a fruit-dominated wine with the classic cassis intermixed with a touch of herbs, a slight notion of volatile acidity, and a spicy finish. The wine is full-bodied, ripe, but at the same time, elegant, particularly for a Greenock Creek wine.".I need advise regarding my 4 month old Please EDIT EDIT #2 Edit #3 Edit #4
So when Baby Chris was born he was diagnosed with Tracheomalacia Which means the cartilage in the windpipe (trachea) has not developed properly. Instead of being rigid, the walls of the trachea are floppy and collapse. He does not have it serious. So far it has not effected his breathing at all.
April 6th, one day before he turned 4 months he got his first ear infection in his right ear. That cleared up in a week.
April 13th he was diagnosed with an ear infection in his left ear. That cleared up after a week.
April 26 he went to the er. Highly irritable, excessive spit up, diarrhea. The er doc said he has an ear infection in his right ear. Gave him meds told me to bring chris to see the doc the next day.
April 27th in the morning i noticed a rash on his chest, stomach and under his left arm and a few spots on his foot. I called the pedi and got him in that afternoon.
The pedi(one of the 2 my children see) said he does NOT have an ear infection. Stop the meds. ok kool.
He did say he was a little congested. Then he saw the rash. AND a sore in his mouth, which was open. -_-
He told me Chris has Hand Foot Mouth Disease. (my heart is pounding now)
He also say the start of a diaper rash and gave me a perscription for a yeast rash cream that works on my kids.(A&d never worked or anything over the counter)
So onto today
In a 48 hour period he has gone through 2 packs(48 count) of diapers. His butt is so red it is not funny. I have put him in a baking soda bath. I have used the diaper rash cream. He poops more times then i can count in a day and night. His poop is water. As soon as he poops he is screaming in pain. He has hardly napped today. Went to sleep finally at 11pm. He goes to bed at 7pm. I have switched from the diaper rash cream to vaseline
I dont know what to do for him. All i can do is hold him as he cries. I tried Tylenol and thats a temp fix. I feel so helpless
Does ANYONE have any ideas on what to do to ease his pain
THANK YOU SO MUCH TO THE WOMEN WHO HAVE RESPONDED. I AM FEELING A BIT BETTER NOW. STILL CRYING BUT NOT AS BAD. YOU HAVE ALL GIVEN ME IDEAS I NEVER WOULD HAVE THOUGHT OF. THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH. I AM GOING TO LAY DOWN AND TRY AND GET A LITTLE SLEEP BEFORE THE BABY WAKES UP AND THE SCREAMING AND CRYING STARTS AGAIN.
EDIT #2
So i took the baby to the er. we just got back a little bit ago. The doc confirmed it is Hand Foot Mouth and it does spread to the butt and genital areas. So far he is not running a fever. He is still pooping like every 15-20 minutes. But the er doc gave me a spray to use that seems to be soothing him a little bit. She saw a few cases of this since last night. The last one she saw today was worse then my sons but it started out just like his. The others she saw were a little bit worse but not by much. I can give him tylenol up to 5 times a day. I plan on taking him in the shower everytime he poops to avoid rubbing his butt with anything.
I want to thank 3greatkids751 who took the time to email me with ideas and her concerns with what she went through with her child. Also ty to everyone else who has given me great advise
Edit #3
I want to thank everyone for the great advise. The diaper rash is almost completely healed. Everytime he pooped i took him into the shower and sprayed him off. lol. No crying no tears. I am using Desitin but its the old formula which has more zinc oxide in it. I am using the baby powder and still no wipes. He is going in to see the doc this afternoon
EDIT #4
So baby Chris saw one of his pedis today. we just got back home. The rash keeps coming and going. Still no fever. Pedi told me to expect the diahrea to last another week maybe 2 weeks. So far he has a mild case of Hand foot and mouth and hopefully it stays that way.
Thank you to all the ladies who have been very helpful with their ideas and suggestions.
_2<<
Any idea how he got hand mouth foot? I know it's very contagious in daycares...
Quoting mommysangelface:
no daycare. dh is a stay at home dad. hes taking his bottle but not like normal. he wont eat his baby food right now.
we did stop using wipesQuoting ciao_bella:
Omg your poor baby!! :/ is he in daycare that he's getting sick? Or just older brothers/sisters?
Make sure he's hydrated.
After each diaper change id put him right in the tub and if you can chance a mess I'd keep him bare
When putting a diaper on make sure he's completely dry.... I'd put ointment on ( you should try coconut oil) and then top w corn starch and then put it on.
Do not use wipes for a few days ( just warm wet wash cloths)
i cant take him to the pedi until monday :(
i thought about the er but the nurse told me on the phone there isnt much they will do for him :(
Quoting kris_81:
Poor baby, can you take him back to his pedi in the morning or er?
keep using the vaseline, it keeps moisture(urine and poop) out of the wounds.. mix with corn starch.. and diaper rash cream though.. this will help heal, and the vaseline will keep moisture out.
MAKE SURE THE AREA IS DRY BEFORE APPLY THIS...
The rest, I have no clue, I'd probably be back at the ER with fears of dehydration because of the diarrhea...
You're welcome. :) I use room temp water in it for my son.
Quoting mommysangelface:
i think i still have that bottle! i didnt even think of something like that. thank you!!!!!!!!Quoting ambersmommy730:
My 2 year old gets rashes like that pretty often. When he does, I use one of those bottles that the hospital gives you after you have a baby to squirt him clean with. I don't use wipes on him during that time either. I don't know what to do for the pain either. My son is very cranky when his bottom is red like that too. I hope he feels better soon!
yea the nystatin usually works for him. but it doesnt seem like it is now. we use parents choice diapers. have never had any issues with them. im wondering if the one med he was on did something to him
Quoting Makynzies_Mommy:
Alternate tylenol and ibuprofen, try not to let them wear off, give a cool/warm bath and pat dry, let him go without a diaper as much as possible (lay him on towels or.a blanket on the floor..when my.dd. had a rash like that, the dr gave her nystatin it cleared it up quickly. Also, my dd was allergic to something in pampers and had a "chemical burn" and the nystatin cleared it up. Sorry you are going through this mama! Sending prayers for a quick recovery. Hugs!
im starting to cry right now thinking about the pain he is in
Quoting KittenKrump:_9<<
youtube has a video called (baby got colic) its white noise works wonders for DD when shes sick or pissed off lol. hope your little guy feels better soon. Ps dont watch the video lol it#s really freaky haha
on Apr. 29, 2012 at 1:04 AM
- mommysangelface
i think i still have that bottle! i didnt even think of something like that. thank you!!!!!!!!a place for zinesters - writers and readers
NewGumar and his Magical Midi Band- The Compact Disc EP (CD) ($5)- A limited edition six song ep of dance jams.
Hyena in Petticoats: A Mary Wollstonecraft Zine (Zine) ($4)- Our feature of the month! A fascinating history piece from Alexis Wolf.
Shortandqueer #4 (Zine) ($2)- An awesome bio piece about coming out as trans.
Shortandqueer #15 (Zine) ($2)- A compilation of speeches and performances by…
© 2015 Created by Krissy PonyBoy Press.
Badges |
Report an Issue |
Please check your browser settings or contact your system administrator.SPARKS, Nev. — A student at a Nevada middle school opened fire on campus just before the starting bell today,.
The school, located in a working class neighborhood, enrolls about 700 students in seventh and eighth grades.
Washoe County School District held a session in the spring in light of the Newtown, Conn. tragedy to educate parents on what safety measures the district takes.Edith Elanor Holmes (Scott) was born to parents Frank and Kathryn Scott at the family farm at Harrington, Washington on March 2, 1919. She passed away at home November 5, 2013.
Edith grew up on the family farm and attended school in Harrington for 12 years—upon graduation she attended Seattle Pacific Collage and graduated with a degree in Math and Science. She met Stuart Holmes while attending S.P.C. After her graduation she married Stuart in a beautiful yard wedding on the farm in Harrington on Aug. 17, 1940.
Edith worked in Seattle at the Navel Accounting Agency. When Stuart was sent overseas (U.S. Navy) she returned home to help on the farm. Upon Stuart’s discharge from the Navy they moved to Spokane while Stuart took refresher classes at Deaconess Hospital. Upon completing this they moved to Oroville and started their medical practice. They lived in Oroville ever since.
Dr. Stuart Holmes preceded her in passing on Sept. 12, 1993 Edith continued to live in the house that they built until her passing. Edith was a very busy person. She was very active in her church, where she taught Sunday school to the little ones to the eldest ones. She was an avid gardener just driving by her home was proof of this. She was a photographer and loved to travel the hills and take pictures. She enjoyed going huckleberry-picking right up to her last years of life. She was also a photographer and loved to travel and take pictures. She loved to go to the hills. Edith and Dr. made their own Christmas cards from pictures they took on some of their trips in our area.
Edith is survived by her sister-in-law Marilyn Scott, Moscow, Idaho; brother-in-law Roy Kogle, Seattle, Wash; brother-in-law John Anderson, Issaquah, Wash.; nieces and nephews: Greg Scott and wife Joan, Chewelah, Wash., Wilber Scott and wife Connie, Spokane, Wash., Margaret Kogle, Surprise, Ariz., Paul Scott and wife Lori, Kirkland, Wash.; John Kogle and wife Roxie, Seattle, Wash., Tom Anderson and wife Jolie, Newcastle, Wash. and Crystal Anderson, Seattle, Wash.
She was proceeded in death by her husband, Stuart W. Holmes; father and mother, Frank C. Holmes and Kathryn Scott; brothers Arthur, Steve and Charles Scott and sisters Kathryn Kogle and Frances Anderson.
Services will be held on Saturday, Nov. 9 at 2 p.m. at the Oroville Free Methodist Church, Pastors John Jenkins and Rod Brown officiating. Burial will follow at Oroville Riverview Cemetery.
Bergh Funeral Service of Oroville/Tonasket in care of arrangements.
Edith Elanor HolmesUS nets berth in World Cup
Casey, Donovan lead victory rally
- |
SAN PEDRO SULA, Honduras - The US soccer team is headed to South Africa for a chance to redeem itself in the World Cup.
Conor Casey scored his first two international goals in the second half and Landon Donovan added another as the United States clinched its sixth straight World Cup berth with a game to spare by rallying past Honduras, 3-2, last night.
“We did a good job tonight,’’ Donovan said. “We’re going to South Africa.’’
In one of the most thrilling end-to-end matches the US team has secured one of three automatic berths that to go to the top finishers in the region.
“We’re very proud,’’ said US coach Bob Bradley. “We understand the responsibility we have every time we step on the field for our fans, for our country.’’
Mexico (6-3) also clinched and has 18 points following a 4-1 victory over visiting El Salvador. Costa Rica (5-4) moved into third with 15 points after winning at home against Trinidad and Tobago, 4-0.
Honduras (4-4-1), seeking its second World Cup appearance and first since 1982, has 13 points and dropped into fourth. If the Catrachos are still in that spot after the final match at El Salvador Wednesday, they would meet the No. 5 nation from South America in a playoff.
The nation has been in turmoil since a June military coup, but the crowd was united behind its team.
De Leon put Honduras ahead in the 47th minute when he curved a free kick over a five-man defensive wall and to the right of leaping US goalkeeper Tim Howard from 1 yard outside the penalty area after a foul by Oguchi Onyewu. That set off sustained boisterous cheering and jumping,, but Howard made a leaping fingertip save. Casey then gave the US team the lead a minute later when he split two defenders, took a pass from Donovan, and scored from 16 yards.
Benefit Saturday
for Coats for Kids
A "Winter Extravaganza Hair & Fashion Show" Saturday at the Steubenville Country Club is being organized to generate proceeds to benefit Coats for Kids.
It will be held Saturday from noon to 4 p.m.
Organizer Teresa Riffee of Wintersville is the chairman of the event being sponsored by Balloon Fantasy of Wintersville, Jill James Fashions of Weirton, Signature Hair Design of Wintersville and WTOV9.
There will be a variety of vendors on hand, and there will be a Chinese auction. Admission is $5 at the door. Patrons can visit vendor stations and watch a hair and fashion show beginning at 2 p.m. and featuring Jill James Fashions and Signature Hair Designs.
Snowbird also will be on hand.
Proceeds from admission and the Chinese auction will be donated to Coats for Kids along with a percentage from vendor stations. Donations also are welcome with checks made payable to Coats for Kids.
Anyone interested in being a vendor or having questions can contact Riffee at (740) 632-8196.
Riffee said that in childhood she knew what it was like to not have coats during the winter and now in adult hopes to give back by having the event generate money for the charity.
Quarter auction in
Hopedale Saturday
A quarter auction to benefit the Harrison County Relay for Life of the American Cancer Society will be held Saturday at the Hopedale Social Hall
Doors open at 11 a.m. for patrons to browse vendors' tables and enjoy concessions. Bidding begins promptly at 1 p.m.
Tickets are $5 each and must be purchased in advance. Contact Anisa Rocchi at (740) 391-6538 or Mindy Madzia at (330) 340-3192.
No one under 18 is allowed.
"Bring your rolls of quarters and a friend," notes a news release offering an explanation of what a quarter auction entails. "Twenty various direct sales vendors will be set up that day to 'auction' off three different items each. That's 60 awesome items you could walk away with for 25 cents, 50 cents or 75 cents. Companies like Pampered Chef, Partylite, Jewel Kade Jewelry, Dove Chocolates, Home Interior, etc. will be there. The auction runs in three rounds with vendors showing/telling about their item and giving its retail cost before you decide if you want to 'bid' on it with your quarter(s). If your number on your auction paddle given to you at the door is drawn, you win that prize."
Holiday tour
tickets on sale
The Woman's Club of New Cumberland, a member of the General Federation of Women's Clubs of West Virginia, is selling ticket for the annual holiday tour presented by the Hancock County Arts Council under the sponsorship of the Top of West Virginia Convention and Visitors Bureau.
The event will be held from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Nov. 17. Tickets are $20 and can be purchased at the Swaney Memorial Library.
The seven sites on the tour this year are: DiBartolomeo home, Weirton; Shirer home, Weirton; Grishkevich home, New Cumberland; Homer Laughlin China Co., Newell; Reed home, Chester; Juszczak home, Chester; and the Calcott house, Chester.
A reception with light refreshments will be held from 9 a.m. to 10 a.m. at the Swaney Memorial Library. It is sponsored by the Woman's Club of New Cumberland.
Hospice volunteer
training is Nov. 17
Valley Hospice of Trinity Health Systems will be conducting free training sessions for hospice volunteers with the first training session set for Nov. 17 at Mount Olive Baptist Church, located on Weir Avenue in Weirton, beginning at 9 a.m.
The training sessions are open to the public. There is no charge for the training. Once volunteers are trained, they will receive a certificate which allows them to serve as a hospice volunteer throughout the United States, without having to be trained again.
All training will be conducted by Debbie Barto, hospice director of volunteers. All supplies will be given to each volunteer. Light refreshments will be available.
For information, contact Clemmie Payton Frierson, hospice volunteer, at (304) 604-2066.
Diabetes topic of
library program
"Take Charge of Your Diabetes through the Holidays" will be the topic presented by the Ohio State University Extension at the Puskarich Public Library System from 6 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Wednesday.
"What to cook or eat during the holiday season can be challenging for those with diabetes. A careful meal plan is the first step in controlling blood sugar and also the hardest step in diabetes control," Joseph Maiorano, extension educator and family consumer science agent, said.
The program will provide nutrition education and holiday cooking ideas for people with diabetes and their family members or caregivers.
There will be live cooking demonstrations and a chance to sample delicious food prepared for diabetics. Those attending will learn new skills to manage their diabetes and gain new insights in healthy eating.
Registration is needed and can be made at (740) 942-2623.
A class on making gift boxes from new or recycled Christmas cards will be held at 6 p.m. Dec. 3 at the library. The boxes can hold small gifts for holiday giving. Call to register.
Toronto Senior
Citizens gather
Doris Matyas presided at the Toronto Senior Citizens meeting held Oct. 25 where Angie Kurty was a guest and new members were Nancy Clancey and Sol Robinson.
Lola Swanagan gave the blessing for the covered-dish dinner. Reports were given by Shirley Rebich, Joyce Dobbs and Rosemary Bonofine.
The kitchen committee for November is Carole Eddy, Arlene Zahniser, Irene Sabados, Doris Martaus, Anna Tomovich, Nancy Taggart, Cinda Hollister and Marilyn Altobell.
There are seats available for the trip to Denmark, Norway, and Sweden on July 12-24, 2013. Call (740) 537-3064 if interested. Entertainment was provided by Ted Mason, Peg DeSantis and Virginia Stimpert.
The 50/50 was won by Pat Pfabe. Door prize winners were Dorothy and Tony Farrister, Paulette Morrocco, Ginny Speedy, Libby Conrad and Joyce Dobbs. Bingo winners were Agnes Rohal, Elvera Mihalik, Marilyn Peckens, Terry Mamula, Dee Fouts and Angie Kurty.
Scat winners were Duke Pfabe, Doris Matyas, Terry Mamula, Carole Eddy, Ken Rose and Richard Dobbs.
The next meeting will be held Thursday at the Roosevelt Building.
Tri-State Bridge winners listed
In open pairs play Oct. 26, winners were Sylvia Camilli and Shirley roush, first, and Joseph Dragoun and Carl Hamill, second.
Prima Donna Red
Hat Club meets
Members of the Prima Donna Red Hat Club met at Damon's in Steubenville for their October meeting. Ruth Sterling was the hostess.
Polly Ciancetta and Tillie Lowell were prize winners.
Members agreed to purchase two food baskets for the needy - one for Thanksgiving and one for Christmas. A donation for a needy family also will be given. All the donations are made possible from dues that the members collect.
Edie Truax will be the hostess for the next meeting.
Nursing school
Alumni gather
The Ohio Valley Hospital/Trinity School of Nursing Alumni Association met Oct. 18 at the Starkdale Presbyterian Church social hall for a covered-dish dinner meeting where the success of the centennial celebration in August was discussed.
It was noted that there picture directories, DVDs and programs for sale by calling Blanche Williams, president, at (740) 282-6502.
Officers for the 2012-13 term were elected with Williams to continue serving as president; Charlamayne Biacco, vice president; Judy Owings, treasurer; and Dani Manalac, secretary.
The organization's next project was voted to be giving two students a $500 scholarship each. This will be awarded to an incoming senior student at the end of the first year of study.
The nurses cabinet in the lobby of Trinity East contains a selection of memorial items donated by many doctors, nurses and the hospital. Alumni members have volunteered to clean and vary the displayed items over the next year. The alumni are anticipating adding some new displays soon, including pictures of past graduating classes.
All graduates of the program and any nurses who worked at either Ohio Valley Hospital or Trinity for a period of at least one year are invited to join the alumni association.
The next regular meeting will be held April 17, 2013.
401 Herald Square , Steubenville, OH 43952 | 740.283.4711
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyRetail Lawyers and Law Firms in De Pere, WI
Retail
Parins Law Firm, SCGreen Bay, WI - Law Firm near De Pere
Business and Individual General Practice
(920) 432-3116
Parins Law Firm, SC is a fixture in the Green Bay legal community. Thomas J. Parins, Sr. has over 45 years of experience representing businesses and individuals in most areas of the law, including a very successful litigation record. Thomas J. Parins, Jr. joined his father in the practice 20 years...- About MacNews
- Forums
- News
- Category Reviews
- Archives
- Advertising
- User/Login
- Tech Support
- Connect Tools
.
The Echo 15 Thunderbolt Dock with DVD Drive (part number ECHO-TBD-CD-0TB) has a suggested retail price of US Mac OS X 10.8.2 and higher, .2013 will mark the 50th anniversary of the Northeast Hamilton Community School District. The district was created with the merger of the Blairsburg, Kamrar and Williams school districts in the early 1960s. Blairsburg has served as the home base for the district for half a century. In honor of the 50th anniversary,there will be a celebration on April 17th during the annual V.I.P day. The day will feature displays of the 50 years of the school district. A lunch will be served for the visitors that day. Reservations for the meal need to be made by calling the school office at 515-325-6234. There will also be an assembly later that afternoon featuring the music of the last 50 years. Plans are in the works for other special events marking 50 years of Northeast Hamilton with more information on this to be announced.
Fair
Home | Contact Us | EEO Report
92.9FM, 95.7FM & 1570AM KQWC
1020 E. 2nd St. • Webster City, IA 50595nameless, people care more about BEARS than they do about your predictable, agenda driven garbage.
” Only the Klitschkos, Haye, and Pulev can box well enough to possibly make this strategy work. ” Which is one reason why I suggested Deontay step right up to the Klitchkos. No one else can contend with his physical attributes except for those at the top of the heavyweight division.
I`m pretty sure Hatton used pressure on Tszyu.
It needs to be applied intelligently.
Maybe Wilder could walk Chisora onto a bomb, but I haven`t seen Wilder walk anyone onto anything. I`ve seen him bully people going forwards, because he has been matched with guys who lose for a living.
Haye walking Chisora onto something, I don`t think is any indication Wilder could. Haye has shown that ability on multiple occasions vs world champions – e.g. the sneaky left while going backwards that signalled the turn vs Mormeck, the straight right down the pipe that put Ruiz down in one round.
Possibly Wilder can do this, I won`t say otherwise, but the fact is at this point he hasn`t, and he hasn`t faced anyone that would force him to.
Old Guy…, That’s not the best way to beat Wilder… You never NEVER use pressure on a puncher… That’s suicide… You pressure a boxer, but never a big bomber.
Was Frazier going to pressure Foreman??? Was Peterson going to pressure Matthysse??? GTFOOH
Now you can box Wilder… You can jab him. You can evade his big bombs. You can possibly counter his bigger right swings. Only the Klitschkos, Haye, and Pulev can box well enough to possibly make this strategy work.
I think Vitali is too old.. Wladimir is getting older for sure.. Haye is a small guy but extremely capable.. Pulev lacks experience as much as Deontay does, but his jab is brutal.. He smashes you with the jab..
I want to see a couple of those matchups in the next year or two.
be*
Adamek will probably up next for Deontay…
Tark- I understand your thought about Arreola. I am just trying to think of who could best employ the winning formula- pressure, pressure, pressure, roughhousing, etc.
Dominick Guinn was a good opponent for Adamek… He’s not an opponent for Wilder.
Not unless you want to get him killed… You almost did that with Liakhovich… One smashing blow on Guinn might be really bad for Boxing.
Ivan D. ; You sound like a real retard . You keep repeating yourself with every post . Don’t you have anything pertinent to say ? Have you ever seen a fight ? Are you older than 12 ? Why are you on ESB ? Why are they letting you walk around without supervision ? These are just some of the questions prompted by your ” posts ” ! Please stop !
4 of these 5 hypothetical opponents would be good ones. Guinn’s only attribute is his ability to not be KOed. Replace him with Jenkins. Winner of Jenkins-Wilder becomes a decent challenger to either K Bro.
Guys like Adamek or Boytsov aren’t going to fight Wilder… You might as well try to stage a fight on the moon as get them into a ring with Wilder..
The winner of Mitchell-Arreola might fight Deontay… They’ve already been clobbered by contenders so the money might convince them… Chisora still might consider fighting him… He has already lost a few.
Jennings might fight him… He’s a pretty confident guy… But the list of top opponents who’d be willing isn’t a long one.
ARROELA
STEVE BUNCE.
Dimitrenko refused to fight either Klitschko… He’s not going anywhere near Wilder. Pulev knocked Dimitrenko out with a jab. Eddie Chambers beat him up and floored him with a step-in left hook
The Pole Dancer would be a good opponent. Adamek would make Deontay earn the inevitable KO in this one…
Guinn would only be interesting to see if WIlder could be the first to stop him and if Guinn could take him past round 4. You could say that about James Toney also.
I would like to see WIlder in with a top 30 opponent next. Lucas Brown, Thomas Adameck, Johnathon Banks, any of the top Cubans. It is doubtful that the winner of Pulev and Thompson fight him since they will probably be fighting for the World Championship. ALso that guy Diamond Boy the Syrian that lives in Germany could be an interesting fight.
This kid getting all this press lol
Winner of Arreola vs Mitchell makes sence 2 me…I’d love 2 c him KO Haye…if he can get thru that bring on the Klitchkos…age has 2 catch up 2 the brothers shortly.
Proud African, yah you got me on that one. Nice point. But of course I was not referring to Audley but the other guy. Forgot all about Audley and his merit badge.
Rameriz…., “Arreola ,like Mitchell, would not be a guy that Wilder has to look for and is always happy in a rough fight.”
No he’s not.
Arreola wasn’t happy after his last rough fight… Against an untested guy BTW… He got the living crap knocked out of him.
Old Guy…. Arreola has no chance in Hell of beating Wilder.. The man would be clubbed down quickly.. He has no defense whatever and he would be smashed with horrendous head shots.
I like Jennings.
Jennings vs. Wilder would be a good ‘un. I think Jennings skill & speed beats Wilder though. Plus Jennings can punch pretty hard too.
Nameless SHAMELESS what ever your handle is. GROW up man.
“that was aimed at the know-it-all Hidalgo but it apply to i see good. the only difference is that isee good is 100% a$shole.”
LMAO!
I have to agree a prime Mike Tyson would have rocked him. He had a lot of movement coming in and just had such a beastly manner of non stop attacking. I guess you can’t blame Tyson for fighting Lennox for the money. At least he won the first round. Hope his promoting goes well I always liked him. Where’s his heart on his sleeve.
Of the Americans, maybe Chris Arreola has the best chance against Deontay- if he muscles him into the corner and roughs him up, keeping him from getting loose……
anyone who stays at distance will be murderized by Wilder. Like Teddy Atlas says, it’s about the Geometry (or geography?) of the ring- the way to beat Wilder is to crowd him, stay low, get inside, hook body hook body, uppercut, repeat as necessary. Mike Tyson would have starched this guy. Sergei stayed out at exactly the wrong distance.
I’m still a new fan of boxing so lots of these names being tossed around have my head spinning.
Deontay certainly needs a chin check, not to mention stamina. He says he’s always in shape but will he have KO power in a match that lasts longer than 9 rounds. I’ve done some boxing and know at least that it’s not easy to KO every fighter you’ve been in with so he has power in his right cross. Not sure what other tools he has. He hasn’t been in for many rounds besides sparring. I know the American heavyweight division needs somebody that’s exciting and has one punch KO power. As far as him fighting Wlad. I’ve seen some of these guys that looked good coming up but when they faced Wlad they seemed gun shy and couldn’t get off the shots they needed to hurt him, I am guessing that it’s Wlad’s skill and ring smarts that deflated a lot of guys game plans. Not to mention his right hand power. I’ve always liked Vitali’s style and chin better. He likes to mix it up and is more exiting than his brother. I hope he retires on the upside and doesn’t go beyond his years.
I’m interested in seeing what happens with Deontay, does he have the skills to go with his power. I guess things will get answered soon, at least I hope. He needs to break into the next level.
hecubus And FURTHER more I ONLY state the FACTS. I dont SUGAR COAT anything I tell it the way it is. TRUTH HURTS..
Joesph Herron well the EXPIMP he did 2 years in JAIL for this I DO NOT LIE.. Hes got 1 problem hes NOT American thats why he will never get RECGONITION. He fights for CANADA. If you watch the FIGHT what did KELLERMAN say???? Within 5 seconds KELLERMAN said immediately “HES NOT READY FOR BERNARD HOPKINS” and his pet dog Lampley fully agreed.. Let the EXPIMP clean out the DIVISION less BELTS for the USA. PRINT THAT ESB
Hecubus I have NO writting SKILLS I went as far as GRADE 8. ray charles could SEE that. But GOD gave me EYES and I SEE GOOD. Sorry No Autographs today
i see good – you see? look at Joseph Herron’s post….that’s how you make your point like a grown up
I agree, I see Good. Adonis seems to be the real deal and is a much smarter fighter than most realize. Because of his power, he doesn’t get the kind of recognition that he deserves for being a solid technical boxer/puncher.
Since working with Emanuel Steward and Sugar Hill, Adonis has really improved every facet of his fight game.
Like him or not, he’s going to be very tough to beat at this stage in his career.
Joe I stand corrected I should say ex-pimp.. Hes NOW the UNDISPUTED LIGHT HEAVY WEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD.. Funny how things turn out in life. The Expimp is Fricking STRONG and POWERFULL AND PUNCHES LIKE SUPERMAN as witness on TV in FRONT of ALL American BIAS commentatators, Kellerman, Lampley. Yep just ready to put a BEATING on OLD HOPKINS.
give him haye, thompson, arreola, or chisora so we don’t ever have to see any of them against a klit again.
How is it that I can watch guys with less then 10 fights with unbeaten records fight other guys with unbeaten records on Friday Night Fights and yet Wilder has taken 30 to fight a guy 5 years past his prime who has lost his last couple of fights by KO?
There are enough contenders around for him not to have to face old vets and gatekeepers.
Johsef herron I ment what I ment. The PIMP Knock out CHAD Dawson LIGHT HEAVY WEIGHT Yes… Why doesnt the PIMP move up to heavy weight. The PIMP can PUNCH!!!! The REAL money is in the HEAVY Weight division. At this time its in Welter weight Junior Middle. look a MAYWEATHER fighting in hand pick fights MAKING millions. The PIMP has NOT had many Amature fights 20 and the fights in jail. Wilder has NO experience EITHER It would be a GREAT match up BOMBS AWAY.
I see Good, Adonis and Bermane aren’t the same guy…lol
The PIMP that just did 2 years in PRISON. Severine, he can PUNCH , he got RID of CHAD DAWSON in QUICK FASHION he should move up and challenge WILDER. BOTH can PUNCH and their fights ONLY go 1 round.
I would love to see Deontay work against an athletic fighter like Bye Bye Jennings. But I don’t think main Events are willing to pit their man against a murderous puncher like Deontay just yet.
But if I were kathy Duva, I would sign that fight in a heartbeat. As long as Jennings fought the same way he did Liakhovich, he would have a very good chance of winning a decision against Wilder at this time.
I think his lateral movement, conditioning, and mental toughness would give Wilder a lot of trouble at this time.
Great fight!!
He should take on. Guinn i think that id like to see would be a better fight for him think got good skills hard punch and u may laugh but if guinn had 7weeks to prepare or around that and a nice little purse I think the wheels might just fall off the wilder wagon
Great post, Terror Tim.
He needs someone who is either going to spread out the ring or make him fight on the inside.
And if GBP tortures us by pitting him against a sparring partner like Dominick Guinn in his next outing, I will personally go piss in Eric Gomez’s cornflakes!!
if the commissions would approve of it, a fighter like Oliver McCall would be a great opponent for Deontay at this time. He has a great chin and the power to test any young fighter.
But realistically, with the buzz that’s been created by this past Saturday’s knock-out, GBP is going to have to stick him in the ring with someone in the top 50 at least.
Anyone who can get this guy some rounds. These 90 second fights are doing nothing for his development. I thought Liakovich would do that but he is done. I want to see this guy go 6 or 7 rounds.
thanks ted the bull kid blast
BEARS, go easy on Ray. Please, mate. Thanks.
Ray Gordon Reid, Wach is not a bad choice. He has an iron chin and could take Wilder deep.
Mitchell would be sedated in round one. A very dangerous fight for someone with a China chin. But if you are into the S part of S & M, it might be interesting. Ugh!
Wilder = (???) Gonzalez, but HW’s definitely have no Bowe’s.
Lenin, excellent!
Love-the-Sport, good stuff
LOL Bears !!!!!!
@ray- that’s cool ray buti don’t understand why ur telling me this about yourself?
I gave my list below. When I say add names I mean to te list I made. Serg lyakhovic is garbage. I’m not impressed with wilders win in theleast
bears i’ve a boxing fan since i was alittle kid
Love the sport- great list I agree with chagaeve and solis to add to that list but not baks
It was so obvious that Liakhovich was not prepared mentally for a real fight of any kind but instead just went through the motions – Wilder’s trainer Mark Breland was also an awesome force back in the mid-80’s – was tall and rangy and had a big right hand – and actually had beaten a couple of undefeated no-hopers UNTIL he fought someone who had a solid defense and who actually could fight back – Marlon Starling.
Guinn, Cunningham, Scott, Mitchell, Arreola — this a poorly thought-out set of fights for Deontay Wilder. They are a hodgepodge of things. Some will make money. Some will lose money. Some present high risks. Some are boring, bad, and low risk fights.
My suggestion: increase the competition for Wilder with veterans with good names in fights that make money but do not provide huge risk to Wilder. He probably needs 4-5 good fights before he is ready for the big money fights.
I would propose:
– Ruslan Chagaev
– Jonathan Banks
– Odlanier Solis
These are good fights with good action so they will make some money — but they do not represent big risks for Wilder. After these three, then it would be time to step up and put Wilder in with Arreola, Chisora, Stiverne. If Wilder produced big wins and big knockouts against these six then he would be ready for the elite including Povetkin, Klitshko, and others. I don’t even think Seth Mitchell is a relevant fight. Mitchell would be embarassingly over-matched against Wilder. There is no benefit for Mitchell and boxing to make that fight. You want to Wilder in with good veterans who can help Wilder improve. Mitchell is an inexperienced fighter with no chin. Stupid fight.
Hеlеnius is injurеd, pulеv is go аftеr Wlаd
but Науе will bеаt Dеontау, уoung boу Furу is vеrу dаngеrous
Proud Irishman. said: (“Remember Gold over Bronze anytime!”). Well, Audley Harrison, Gold. Deontay Wilder, Bronze. Guess who won?
Am honestly shocked that some deluded fools are already trying to match Wilder’s skill-set to that
of Wlads!!
Wlad has spent the last 10 years eating up the best of the HW division with all the ease of a Floyd Mayweather.
Wilder has sepnt the last 30 fights finding the biggest list of absolute nobodies going to pad out his record.
Put it this way, Chisora fought for a title after his 13th fight.
Haye fought for a title in the HW division after his 24th fight.
Yet Wilder, after 30 fights, is still the other side the moon away from a decent fight, and remember,
this fool is top 10 rated by 4 of the belts.
Great match BATTLE of the PHONIES BABY JOE MESI 29/0 And WILDER 29/0 Yes BOTH are PRETENDERS. ha ha ha ha The KLITCHKOS are hiding under the BED. TERRIFIED to death. ha ha ha ha
nameles your name SPEAKS for its self. It should be BRAINLESS. ha ha h ha These are DESPERATE TIMES for US boxers ESPECIALLY in the heavy weight division. ha ha ha ha ha I SEE GOOD and a 29/0 record of fighting NOBODIES makes me laugh. ha ha ha ha ha. Yes David Haye is JUST WAITING for the K brothers to retire. As LONG as the BELTS STAY out of the USA its A OK with me. Jolly old BROKE ASS ENGLAND will have the belts
The KLITCHKOS are the best. No one is disputing that.. When they retire LOUD MOUTH DAVID HAYE will be the NEW KING. Why not put Super star 20/0 PHONEY record in with HAYE.. Haye is SMALLER and HAYE can PUNCH to. Why Haye is DANGEROUS is because he has SKILLS, and is FASTER than WILDER. Haye can punch also. So if a fighter has SKILLS and can PUNCH hs dangerous. Wilder can punch YES but he has NO SKILLS. I put my MONEY on a boxer that has SKILLS and can punch. I HATE Haye but after the KLITCHKOS retire hes the NEXT best thing a BLOWN UP CRUIZER weight sad but true. Thats how BAD the heavy weight division is at this time
that was aimed at the know-it-all Hidalgo but it apply to i see good. the only difference is that isee good is 100% a$shole.
That means that you are only 95% A$SHOLE not 100%.
Hidalgo, you’re actually making some sense, I hate to admit, so I’m cutting you some slack for now.
Funny to see BEARS babbling and thinking that anybody cares what he’s saying. LOL, poor devil. Babble, babble.
Helnius is the perfect match up for wilder. Not too good, not too bad, the goldy locks oponent so to speak. But where would they fight is the big question.
Yes, I say put him in with Wlad or Fury, guys his size. Maybe he KO Wlad, and maybe Wlad KO Wilder. He looks to me to be amateurish, especially when he gets rattled. We need to see him eat a few Wlad jabs and see what his reaction is. Sergei popped him with a few lefts and bopped his head back. A good left hook off a jab will KO him. Guess who owns that combo, only Wladdy himself. Arreola would be a real tough test for the tall skinny guy. Cheers mates !! & remember Gold over Bronze anytime.
I meant to say Wilder has incredible physical advantages over all of the five potential opponents which Ramirez listed in his article.
It’s “Bermane” Stiverne, not “Bernard” as the author has written, right?
Anyways, with the exception of weight, Wilder has incredible physical advantages over all of his opponents. He has up to nine inches greater reach and he’s as much as five inches taller. For instance, Arreola and Mitchell have a reach of 76″. Wilder’s reach is 84″. Cunningham comes in closest with and 82″ reach but he is substantially shorter than Wilder. And Wilder uses his reach advantage very well. I say pop him right up with one of the Klitschkos. They outweigh him by around 25-30 lbs. but for height a reach, they’re a pretty close matchup. Plus Wilder is young, strong, and fast which are the attributes he’ll need in an attempt to offset the Klitschkos superior skill level.
The REAL possible opponents for Wilder
1. Pulev
2. Haye
3. Helenius
4. Fury
5. Arreola
End of list. Anybody else = waste of time
Deontay Wilder should move up and fight Helenius.
Definetly addhaye to that list
First and foremost I have to say this list of proposed opponents for wlder is utter garbage. Wilder is being discussed as maybe the best american heavy. He has damn near 30 fights. Please stop mentioning the bum fights. The only guy on the list that I approve and would be the last guy on my list to I want to see wilder fight is arreola.
Wilder is probably top 10 rght now. He has enriched the heavy division. Its time for him to mix it up with the top contenders. These are the fighters that should be listed as wilder opponents. Helenius, jennings, thompson, chisora, abdusamalov, either fury, pulev, boystov, wish I could say price, stieverne, I would rather watch wilder fight former jennings opponent tuapapoo than anyone on the list in this article.
Anyone in the top 15 would do. Thompson at present is the best HW in the US and he is taking on the best HW in Europe……Pulev. That fight will be a war. He could face the loser of that fight or the loser if Haye vs Fury. The winners off course will be moving onto a title shot. Wilder could also face the winner of Arreola vs Michelle. The time to prove himself against 1 or 2 real tests has come. No time for running and hiding. Wilder needs to face at least two well ranked fighters and they will test him just like how david price was tested. Will wilder pass, maybe
Wonder what happened to the legal problem of Wilder? I don’t think a fighter would pay off a victim.
…and Wilder said that he had no chance against Wlad !
1) Thompson 2) Areola 3) Jennings !
McCline: Deontay Wilder is the next great; saw him give Wladimir hard work
Wilder said that Mago was a bum and that he is ready to kill all the bums in the HW division.
i mean, Wilder seems to be out of control man, he said that he already can taste Wlad’s blood.
He promised to ko Wlad in savage fashion.
Wilder also said that he hold his own in the sparring sessions against Wlad, on the other hand, Wlad said that Wilder was his best sparring partner ever.
It seems that they made 45 brutal rounds together.
Wilder said that he was always in contention in these sparring sessions, because, he didn’t want to get expelled from the camp.
I don’t know man, Wilder said that he wants to kill both K- brothers, even his trainer was telling him to calm down, but, Wilder was screaming in the locker room like a lunatic.
I want to kill both Klitschkos! I want to kill both Klitschkos! Everyone could hear the man screaming.
Crazy man!
Wilder seems to be out of control, i mean, he said that he already can taste Wlad’s blood.
Wilder also said that he hold his own in the sparring sessions against Wlad and Wlad said that Wilder was his best sparring partner ever. It seems that they made 45 rounds together.
I don’t know man, Wilder said that he wants to kill both K- brothers, even his trainer was telling him to calm down.
The promoter of Odlanier Solis is interested in a Wilder bout, I can’t see Wilder’s handlers matching him up with Solis but my respect for Wilder would skyrocket if he took on Solis, don’t be surprised to see Wilder continued to be matched softly.
I don’t understand why the author i9s offering fighters coming off of a loss instead of the fighters that gave them that loss. Why not Adamek instead of Guinn? Why not Fury instead of USS Cunningham? Why not Chisora instead of Malik Scott? Why not Stiverne instead of Arreola? I’m just saying, Wilder is 29-0, 29 KOs, 6-7 Bronze medalist and seems to be very confident in his skills. I’m ready to see how he handles the big guns at HW not named Kltshko.
I see Haye, Arreola, Stirviene, Fury all beating Wilder easily. I’d be surprised if they put him in with any of them. I think they are trying to build him up before he gets beat to try to get a Klitschko fight – which he would be made to look like a complete amateur he is.
how bout david haye
@knowall Not sure about Lucas browne but id love to see wilder travel to Russia and take on Oleg. He would learn a lot in that atmosphere against one of russias favourite heavyweights
Those fights would not be bad, but Helenius, Boystov, Jennings, Solis, and Chisora would also be nice adds to the list.
I think Arreola will beat Mitchell so Arreola, Jennings, Chisora, Wach, Solis, Boytsov, Abdusalamov. Some fights for Wilder there.
Theres a lot of fights for Wilder. 1. Chisora- Make this happen in England! 2. Mitchell- His chin is a liability but he does have KO power and is hungry. 3. Arreola- I doubt Wilder can KO Chris, this would be the hardest step up for him. 4. Price- Price has good skills but Thompson might have ruined his confidence. 5. Hellinus- Like with a fight with Chisora, Wilder should go across the pond and prove himself with Hellinus.
David Haye, Cris Arreola or Bermane Stiverne should be possible next opponents for Wilder should he want to be taken seriously.
He doesn’t need to fight anymore scrubs, he’s obviouly being protected. Put him in with a real test; 5.Bryant Jennings, 4.Tomaz Adamek, 3.David Haye, 2.Ruslen Chageav, 1.Alexander Povetkin. He’s not guaranteed a victory with anyone of these guys, a REAL test the way it should be…gotta stop babying these fighters, time to man up, you say you’re the best prove it.
What about the big hitter from Aus browne. Himself not really tested could be interesting
Oleg
Hey Deontay Wilder,
I know you too scare to mention my name.
Liahkovich looked like the walking dead before the fight,bone dry,no pep in the step.He looked like a beaten fighter before the bell rung.So overall this fight proved very little,but to be fair Wilder did have good form with his power in this stoppage.Also Grant comes to mind aswell as Price when he stopped Harrison,and stopping Dallas who was most likely a more live wire then Liahkovich at this time.So a good test is still needed Chisora,Boystov,Johnson,are solid fights that would tell a great deal more about Wilder.
Odlanier Solis, Andy Ruiz, Chris Areaolla, would all beat him imo.
Cunningham is to small and was knocked out by soft hitting fury. Mittchel will lose against arrello so will be damaged goods again. Gunn will be a good test for his durability so will be good to see what wilder can do when he can’t knock someone out. Scott is a slick fighter and will make it hard for wilder to hit so he will be good test. The best fighter is arello who is all round but it will be unlikely that wilder will be risked against him so only test is Scott and gunn.
WACH
Wilder does NOT need Guinn or Cunningham. Scott or Mitchell would be in the right direction. Even David Price. Liahkovich was a joke from the start, but Wilder’s team knew this. If they build him a pretty record, he will get the big payday. THEN, he will have to step up bigtime. I really think his lack of competition will hurt him. It reminds me of Michael Grant.
Oleg in russia
Cunningham is too small and Dominic Guinn isn’t worldclass anymore the rest sounds good
add Chisora, Price and Wach instead
Wilder’s chin has NOT been tested yet. If he gets hit by one of Arreola’s BIG punches, then we’ll know. Wilder is NOT ready for Bermine Stiverne, who fought a near-perfect fight against Arreola.
Thing is, Arreola needs to get down to about 235.
Arreola will knockout Mitchell in the first round.
Name
Your Comment
Notify me of follow-up comments by email.
Notify me of new posts by email.
0.366Epicure® easy steps to success allow our Consultants to enjoy unlimited income potential. No quotas, territories, or glass ceilings. Enjoy the freedom, flexibility, and fun of earning a little or a lot. Promote yourself to higher levels of success at any time!
With Epicure, your business is yours, your dreams and goals are yours, and your income is yours to decide every day. There is nothing to stop you making a six-figure income (yes, our amazing Consultants can and do make that much!), or simply save enough for that new couch, that new car, that diamond solitaire...
Discover your inner entrepreneur and realize your personal potential in a fun, supportive environment, with the opportunity to grow your business, and your bottom line, by helping others succeed. Win-win-win! (We’re really proud of that.)
With Epicure, you’re in business for yourself, never by yourself, with the very best good-for-you food products. And we’re in the business of helping you succeed!
Back to top
Privacy Promise |U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said on Monday that “the new leadership of North Korea must reconsider its actions and work towards getting food and education for its citizens.” Clinton made the comments in a conversation with reporters in Brasilia.
Earlier on Monday, the UN Security Council condemned North Korea for its failed attempt to launch a missile last week.![if gte IE 9]><![endif]><![if gte IE 9]><![endif]><![if gte IE 9]><![endif]>
This wiki was written by Thomas Cantwell of the Dell Operating Systems team
Windows debugging setup is relatively simple – you hook up the debugger system to the target via serial cable - however, the Dell PowerEdge 12th Generation systems have a more complex setup process to use the external serial port for debugging purposes, or for serial port console redirection (such as Microsoft EMS – Emergency Management Services).
Follow the steps below to enable serial port Operating system debugging or use serial port console redirection on a Dell PowerEdge 12th Generation server. Also, you may have seen a similar article on enabling serial debugging on a the Dell 11th Generation M1000e blade chassis
BIOS and iDRAC -
In BIOS Setup, there is a group of settings for Serial Communication – an example from Dell PowerEdge R620 is shown below:
Each setting is described below, along with the default settings for each:
Serial Communication :
Allows you to Select serial communication devices (Serial Device 1 and Serial Device 2) in the BIOS. BIOS console redirection can also be enabled and the port address used can be specified.
Serial Port Address :
Allows you to set the port address for serial devices.
External Serial Connector :
Allows you to associate the external serial connector to serial device 1, serial device 2, or remote access device.
Failsafe Baud Rate :
Displays the failsafe baud rate for console redirection. The BIOS attempts to determine the baud rate automatically. This failsafe baud rate is used only if the attempt fails and the value must not be changed.
Remote Terminal Type :
Allows you to set the remote console terminal type.
Redirection After Boot :
Allows you to enable or disable to the BIOS console redirection when the operating system is loaded.
There are four important settings to configure to use the serial port for either debugging, or EMS successfully, and one additional setting to perform serial debugging:
Debug settings
Console Redirection settings
Serial Communication
On without Console Redirection.
On with Console Redirection.
Serial Port Address
Serial Device 1=COM1, Serial Device 2=COM2
External Serial Connector
Serial Device1
Redirection After Boot
n/a - console redirection disabled above
Enabled
Serial debugging requires one additional setting (also accessed via “F2”) – iDRAC setting below - simply select iDRAC settings vs BIOS settings.
With BIOS console redirection enabled are you still able to access the BIOS through the standard console as well?JavaScript must be enabled in order for you to use this site. However, it seems JavaScript is either disabled or not supported by your browser. Enable JavaScript by changing your browser options, and then try again.
Dehumidistat, Wall Mounting, Adjustable Range 20-80 Percent RH, Differential (RH Percent) 10, Voltage 115, Contact Rating (Amps) 10, Switch Action Close On Humidity Rise, Switch Type SPST, Height (In.) 7, Width (In.) 6, Depth (In.) 3, Includes 6' Power Cord And Mounting Hardware
Dehumidistat, Wall Mounting, Adjustable Range 20-80 Percent RH, Differential (RH Percent) 10, Voltage 115,...More
Price
$137)Tallest Jelly Competition
Some attempts that didn't quite work out:
Failure #1: Dave from IFR:
- Dave attempts to use a soft drinks bottle as a jelly mould
- The mould is measured (not very accurately - Ed)
- Dave starts to lift the bottle mould
- It's not looking good
- It's definitely not looking good
- It's back to the drawing board
Click on the links above to view an image of Dave's failed attempt
Further details from:
Dee Rawsthorne
Outreach Coordinator
Norwich BioScience Institutes
Norwich Research Park, Colney
Norwich. NR4 7UA
Tel: 01603 251457
We kindly acknowledge the support from Norfolk Food & Drink and Norse for this year's competition
Commercial Director at Norse, Terrance Isaac-Griffiths, will judging again this year; “this competition is proof that food is something we can have lots of fun with! Jelly is a really popular dessert in our School dining rooms and I am really looking forward to judging these fantastical jelly creations.”
Further details from:
Dee Rawsthorne PhD
Outreach Coordinator
Norwich BioScience Institutes
Norwich Research Park, Colney
Norwich. NR4 7UA
Tel: 01603 450 882Welcome, Supporters of democracy!
March 26 · 7:00 PMAnother evening with hopefully Tom AmmianoLike a Phoenix rerising from the ashes, our Tom Ammiano program is reborn yet again. And we're going to keep doing this until it actually happens. He’s Done with... Learn more
February 3 · 7:00 PMPreventing Future Fergusons: Holding Local Officials AccountableSan Francisco is a long way from the place where a young, unarmed black man was shot six times by a police officer, his body left to lie in the street for over four... Learn more
January 22 · 7:00 PMCancelled! An Evening with Tom AmmianoWe hate to do this to you again, but tonight's program has had to be cancelled for medical reasons. You may still be able to catch Tom at our annual party this Saturday... Learn more
December 11, 2014 · 7:00 PMPOSTPONED!! An Evening with Tom AmmianoDue to the weather, tonight's meetup has been postponed. We'll get back with rescheduling information as soon as we have it. After the political gloom of November,... Learn more
November 20, 2014 · 7:30 PMElection recap with Dr Corey Cook - note new location/time!NOTE NEW LOCATION & TIME! Want to know what the heck just hit you? San Francisco for Democracy, the Noe Valley Democratic Club and SF Progressive Democrats are... Learn more
- More MeetupsAlternate title: The Way I Killed My Father, On Everyone's Mind
This French melodrama is as dry as summer cornmeal.. Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet. But in its own morose, heavy-handed terms, "How I Killed My Father" is effective. — Elvis Mitchell
Full New York Times Review »I'm gonna be a maybe, b/c it has to be when Mike is available, since we both wanted to go sometime.
Meetup has allowed me to meet people I wouldn't have met naturally - they're totally different than me.
— Allison, started Women's Adventure Travel
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Hello . My name is omar . New in town and looking forward to meet new people . I'll be there if nothing change n my schedule for SaturdayTaste
from the Made in Italy - Five senses portfolio 1968
1968
- Artist/s name
-
- Medium
- colour photo-screenprint on transparent synthetic polymer resin
- Measurements
- 42.6 x 50.0 cm (image and sheet)
- Edition
- ed. 28/40
- Accession Number
- 2013.519
- Credit Line
- National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne
Gift of Dr Douglas Kagi through the Australian Government's Cultural Gifts Program, 2013
© Joe Tilson / DACS, London. Licensed by VISCOPY, Sydney
- Gallery location
- Not on displaySocial Question
Can someone tell me how to get rid of this drop down box?
Asked by Dutchess_III (29375
)
August 8th, 2014
I’ve found a new game called “4 pictures, 1 word.” I’m playing on my desk top. It has a couple of ways to give you a clue, like you can play just the first letter, or get rid of letters that aren’t part of the word. However, whenever I try to use one of them I get this annoying drop down. I finally shared the app on my fb, and it released me to use one cheat, but when I tried to use another, it dropped down again but the fb option was ghosted.
I noticed that off to the side it said, “Play mobile version,” so I tried to click on that but nothing happened.
Observing members: 0
Composing members:
0
2 Answers
yankeetooter (9174
)“Great Answer”
(1
)
Flag as…
¶
Dutchess_III (29375
)“Great Answer”
(0
)
Flag as…
¶
Answer this question
Wow! You've got 847 knowledge matches!Want to see them? Join Fluther!Tonight the Direct Action group, in charge of planning marches and other protest actions, presented the following “Statement of Diversity of Tactics” as a proposal to the General Assembly (GA). The following statement was passed to ensure the autonomy of working groups and the cohesion of the entire community.
Our solidarity will be based on respect for diversity of tactics and plans of other groups. As individuals and groups we are committed to treating each other as allies in the struggle.
The actions and tactics used will be organized to maintain a separation of time or space to protect the autonomy and safety of the movement.
We realize that our detractors will work to divide us by inflaming and magnifying our tactical, strategic, personal and political disagreements. Therefore, any debates or criticisms must stay inside the movement to avoid any public or media denunciations of fellow activists or events.
We oppose any state repression of dissent, including surveillance, infiltration, disruption and violence. We agree not to assist law enforcement actions against activists and others.
The above statement fully agrees with the Occupy Boston Internal Solidarity Statement, opposing all forms of oppression.
In Solidarity,
The undersigned
21 Responses to “Statement of Diversity of Tactics”
I think this Statement has great merit and will enhance and advance the Movement in a positive manner. It is imperative that we move forward on several fronts at once, using resources to the best advantage.
I agree wholeheartedly that outside factions will most assuredly attempt to put us in the worst light possible and be as divisive as they can be, Some aspects of the media have already dismissed the Occupy movement as, “inane” and have compared us to Nazi’s. Needless to say, both these and other negative statements and positions are devised specifically to denigrate Occupiers and the Movement. By maintaining a calm demeanor when dealing with those inside and outside of the Movement and being knowledgeable in the various aspects and positions within the Movement, we can maintain ourselves above those that have decided the most basic right Americans have, the right to dissent.
Peace to you brothers and sisters.
In solidarity,
Bob
“We realize that our detractors will work to divide us by inflaming and magnifying our tactical, strategic, personal and political disagreements. ”
Totally AGREE
“Therefore, any debates or criticisms must stay inside the movement to avoid any public or media denunciations of fellow activists or events.”
WHOA! this is a public movement, our discussions are shouted in a public square. I think this is supressive and WAY out of line, wish I’d been at that GA
“We oppose any state repression of dissent,”
Well I oppose ANY repression of dissent, please see above
on October 9th, 2011 at 1:04 am #
[…] Occupy Boston: Tonight the Direct Action group, in charge of planning marches and other protest actions, […]
“Therefore, any debates or criticisms must stay inside the movement to avoid any public or media denunciations of fellow activists or events.”
This line irks me something awful.
The Media Group here at is deep in discussions of what we want to publicize as a body. We are still discussing a media policy, which we will bring to the GA, and have thus far focussed only on providing neutral reports of the General Assembly. Even should we choose not to publish single-author essays from our more extreme fringes (which I am not necessarily opposed to myself), merely publishing the minutes of our GA would be in violation of the above clause.
Silencing individual voices from within the movement is entirely antithetical to the movement.
I am very surprised that this went through.
“Therefore, any debates or criticisms must stay inside the movement to avoid any public or media denunciations of fellow activists or events.”
In addition to what the people above said, this is the sort of sentiment that leads to people bullying and hurting each other, and the victims being forced out or silenced, while the harmful people get to stay around.
Also, and I hate to be the first to mention it, but the “public” (what, are we not the public now?) and the media are going to criticize and denounce things no matter what. Acting like we’re trying to hide or cover things up is only going to give more ammunition to the strongest critics.
There’s a big difference between choosing to not post -every word- of -every argument- where the whole world can see it, and saying “We must not ever let ‘outsiders’ see where we disagree.”
The statement that was approved seems much more like the latter than the former. I would have blocked this resolution if I’d been there last night.
on October 9th, 2011 at 11:47 am #
[…] statement from #OccupyBoston about supporting a diversity of tactics. LD_AddCustomAttr("AdOpt", "1"); […]
In parts of the global justice movement a decade ago, “diversity of tactics” was put forward as an alternative to a policy of nonviolence. If protesters wanted to engage in property destruction and street fighting with police, the argument was that these activities shouldn’t be discouraged or condemned. The idea was that such activities could be confined to certain “zones” within a protest.
I trust that activists in Boston and elsewhere are considering the lessons of past movements. We may disagree about those lessons. My own feeling as an activist was that “diversity of tactics” left the global justice movement much more vulnerable to infiltration and repression. Setting aside arguments about definitions of violence and self defense, the fact is that police, the media and the general public don’t distinguish between activities in one “zone” or another. Engaging in property destruction and street fighting with police hopefully aren’t tactics that any #OccupyBoston protesters have in mind! But please be aware that for some of us, this is the history that the phrase “diversity of tactics” represents. For all the good intentions of proponents, I believe that it served police goals more than it served the movement’s goals.
The current uprising is growing quickly and gaining momentum. Let’s make sure that all tactics support the goals of winning justice for the 99%.
In solidarity,
Lara
Some Republican said “we’ve got a big tent” … Heh We.re got even bigger PUBLIC Parks! ALL Aboard!
Viv La Difference!
I was not involved in the creation of this statement, but I understand the statement about keeping disagreements inside the movement to be pretty self explanatory. It’s not saying that you should have your opinions silenced, It’s saying that if someone who is working towards the same goals as you does something that you think was tactically wrong, you shouldn’t go condemning them in the media. Instead you should have the conversations with the people directly, at spokes-councils, etc.
A diversity of tactics doesn’t imply that certain people want to clash with the police or destroy property, rather it sets the tone that we are all on the same side and that tactical differences shouldn’t divide a movement.
For example, Martin Luther King didn’t condemn the black panthers in the media.
Martin Luther King Jr. was *certainly* critical of political violence by blacks, as well as black nationalism, in public.
I understand and even respect (my interpretation of) the Intent. Arguing in the media is a very bad idea, because the argument will very quickly over shadow any message.
But the wording is that of a single party dictatorship. We are not a political party, if we become that I’m gone. 99% is a very public number.
The purpose is to prevent denunciations of fellow activists to the media. In particular there was someone who handed out fliers at occupy LA with members of a group there which opposed police brutality and condoned property destruction. This made those people unsafe and furthered police repression against the movement.
It showed its use when someone went on top of a column at the Federal Building at Occupy Boston and certain protesters yelled at the cops that “this protester wasn’t with us” This also helps isolate protesters and furthers police repression against fellow activists. We are going to have tactical differences and no one is telling you what to do or what not to do, but this statement showed that those present at the GA vowed not to divide our movement and to talk about issues we had within Occupy Boston to iron stuff out rather than leading to the divisive witch hunts which broke apart groups in the 60s or which led to massive media attacks on activists after the WTO in Seattle in 1999. This kind of statement has been adopted in a number of locations including St Paul during the Republican National Convention Protests in 2008 and Pittsburgh before the G20. People need to learn their history that we need to be a united force regardless of whether people walk on the sideways, in the streets, those who occupy buildings, do eviction blockades, or who de-arrest their comrades.
That being said the statement urges groups that do act autonomously to think of the interests of the group as a whole and to separate their actions from areas (or with time)which will lead to police repression against those at risk. IE: undocumented people, etc.
I find this exactly the problem with a “people’s movement” these days. We are all outraged, but not in solidarity. My list does not match yours – but we all want to make noise. I read a comment on another blog from a black man in Memphis who felt he had no place joining their occupation – in a predominantly black city? What IS really going on? Is this just the in-crowd of activists? I want to be supportive of protest, but I need to know I’d be in there.
Saddened. Sounds like the movement is no longer nonviolent.
What does oppose any repression to dissent mean? By what means do we oppose it? What are our counter measure to surveillance. tapping, stalking, and house break ins that are explained as burglaries but are actually the FBI? Do we understand the consequences of openness and transparency? If that has not been part of preparedness then it should be.
We thank you SO much for your endorsement and toleration for “diversity of tactics”, smarmyspeak for toleration of violent, disruptive assholes. You couldn’t even agree to push level 3 sex offenders out. EXCELLENT!!
Please continue to completely ignore advice given by people like Sara Robinson here:
Such tolerance makes our job so much easier as you not only refuse to push out, but actually assist, the agent provocateurs we have placed among you to pump up the violence level, thus losing YOU public sympathy and providing US with a legal foundation to disperse and arrest you. Of course we’ll do that anyway, but things go SOO much smoother when the media runs pictures of broken storefronts and masked hoods throwing things at cops. You do indeedy do get attention from such acts, but the publics sympathy goes to us.
So far the Boston movement has been too peaceful for our liking, you need to take a page from Occupy Oakland, bring on the Black Bloc brigades, SMASH THINGS!! It gets your movement attention! Attention helpful to US, harmful to you. REVOLUTION, DESTROY!!!!
on February 26th, 2012 at 1:38 am #
[…] in October 2011 endorsing diversity of tactics,” as opposed to exclusive nonviolence (see Boston statement of diversity of tactics and Occupty Wall Street […]
on February 26th, 2012 at 5:03 am #
[…] in October 2011 endorsing diversity of tactics,” as opposed to exclusive nonviolence (see Boston statement of diversity of tactics and Occupty Wall Street […]
on February 26th, 2012 at 5:39 pm #
[…] 2011 endorsing a “diversity of tactics,” as opposed to exclusive nonviolence (see Boston statement of diversity of tactics and Occupty Wall Street […]
on February 27th, 2012 at 7:44 pm #
[…] in October 2011 endorsing diversity of tactics,” as opposed to exclusive nonviolence (see Boston statement of diversity of tactics and Occupty Wall Street […]
on March 2nd, 2012 at 6:12 pm #
[…] in October 2011 endorsing diversity of tactics,” as opposed to exclusive nonviolence (see Boston statement of diversity of tactics and Occupty Wall Street […]- US $1.7 - 3 / Meter2000 Meter/Meters
- US $1.7 - 3 / Meter2000 Meter/Meters
- 1000 Meter/Meters
- 1000 Megahertz
- 2000 Meter/Meters
-
- US $10.00 / Kilogram1 Kilogram
- 1000 Meter/Meters
- US $3.20 / Yard2200 Yards
Cotton Yarn Dyed Stripe Fabric
Content: 100%cotton
Spec.: 60x60/135x110
Width: 57/58"
Yarn Dyed Cotton Fabrics
Vaious pattern, good quality, competitive price, quickly delivery
Customised pattern acceptable;
Handlooms leadtime: 3-5days
Bulk leadtime:25-40days
Yardage sample order acceptable;
We specialize at fabrics for over several ten years, with over 100 long term cooperated factories including yarn facotry,greige factory, dyed & printed factory and finishing factory. Upon order confirmed, our merchandisers will pick up yarn from our yarn facotry, then we will do related test on these yarns. Then send the yarns to dyed factory to dye. After dyeing, our QC will compare dyed color & confirmed colors. then arrange to do the weaving. During weaving & finishing, our persons will stay at facotry and follow the orders all the times, strtctly controll fabric production and delivery. Last, our QC will insepct finishing fabrics after bulk is ready then arrange to ship.Riverside, CA - On Friday, March 29, members of the La Sierra University Athletic Department represented the institution at the "30th Annual Good Friday Prayer Breakfast", sponsored by Prevent Child Abuse Riverside County.
The event was held at the Charles O. White Royals Pavilion on the campus of Woodcrest Christian High School. The list of speakers included Stan Morrison, Glenn Wenzel, and Rusty Bailey, the mayor of Riverside. Other participants included clergy and members of the Riverside community, including a musical performance by a quartet from the Mount Rubidoux Seventh-day Adventist Church.
The prayer breakfast also served as an opportunity to raise funds and present a historical picture of the Mount Rubidoux cross. Many of the prayer breakfast participants and attendees are actively involved in the "Save the Historic Mt. Rubidoux Cross" effort.
La Sierra University was one, of approximately 20 sponsors, that sponsored a table at the prayer breakfast. Attending the event was Javier Krumm (Athletic Director), Derek Robbins (Men's Basketball Coach), Charm Tuazon (Development Officer), Nikki Cheong (SAAC President), Victoria Lowe (SAAC member), and CJ Goldsmith (SAAC member).Cheeky literal music puns
It wasn’t that long ago that we found these fantastic literary puns by Timothy Leo Taranto, and now we’ve found the literal music equivalent in a compilation by 11 Points. Of course, with a name like Blind Melon, a pair of shades is mandatory. It’s like playing Charades.Member? Sign in. Not a member? Register for free.
This app was removed from the App Store.
URL2PDF - Web to PDF Converter
iOS Universal Productivity
 from export menu;
• WWW - Request desktop site;
• iOS8
• Open from Safari from export menu
• WWW - Request desktop site. Bonds Hit 8 Month Low 3 comments
U.S. bonds have finally broken down and from here on it's only going downwards as resistance is broken.
The.
=>
If the Federal Reserve really were to stop buying U.S. bonds, bond yields would spike, mortgage rates would spike. The debt burden would increase tremendously with higher yields, which will bring interest payments much higher. If interest payments go higher, the budget deficit will increase when social security, defense, health care, education and pension spending isn't cut. Higher budget deficits asks for higher taxes to reign in the budget deficits and that will make stocks decline. That would lead to the start of a depression era..
Instablogs are blogs which are instantly set up and networked within the Seeking Alpha community. Instablog posts are not selected, edited or screened by Seeking Alpha editors, in contrast to contributors' articles.
Share this Instablog with a colleague
I suggest you visit this forum and read "2013
Year of the Window",
Latest Followers
StockTalks
Latest Comments
Most Commented
Posts by ThemesPotomac’s losing streak was extended to three as they were shut out for the second time this season, 4-0 by the first-place Frederick Keys.
Perhaps the outcome was evident from the first inning, which began with such promise. Isaac Ballou led off with a line-drive single to right, followed by a ‘tweener that fell in to short right-center off the bat of Christopher Bostick. Stephen Perez then drew the first of two walks on the night to load the bases.
Then Spencer Kieboom was caught looking. Drew Ward swung and missed for another K. John Wooten worked the count full, which allowed the runners to take off and ensure that at least two runs would score on anything that got out of the infield.
Nope — Wooten whiffed. It was the first and best chance for Potomac to score.
The next-best chance came in the 5th when Ballou walked and took third on another Bostick single to short right-center, though an on-line throw would have got him. Bostick advanced on the throw, which missed third but was backed up by the pitcher.
Perez flew out to shallow center and Ballou ran the P-Nats out of the inning by getting thrown out at the plate.
John Simms, who had been hit hard in his first two starts, was the hard-luck loser as he turned in a quality start of two runs allowed on four hits and no walks over six innings.
Jake Johansen was the first man out the ‘pen and also had the misfortune of a one-out error followed by a double, which forced the Potomac infield to play in. Sure enough, Frederick’s John Ruettiger bounced one up the middle to double the Keys lead from 2-0 to 4-0.
It was mostly a moot point, though, since P-Nats went down in order in the 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th as Keys reliever Dennis Torres was perfect while earning his first save of the season.
The loss dropped Potomac to 11-18 for the season, five and half behind Frederick and just a game and a half out of the Carolina League North cellar.
Today, it’s a matchup of southpaws Matthew Spann (0-4, 5.87) faces off against Jhonathan Ramos (0-0, 1.93).Redefining HardPosted in Nudges & Ponderings on 05/09/2007 06:28 pm by OneMysticalMonkey
Recently, I posted about the concept of having a soft, compassionate heart as the basis for our interactions with the world and the people around us. If we can live with and from a place of compassion -from a genuine, open heart, and not from our arrogant egos- things seem to go more smoothly, misunderstandings and bruised egos are fewer, frustration and emotional reactions decrease. Instead of the “I want” mentality, in whatever form it takes (and it can be sneaky!), we now have the groundwork for open, honest communications with each other and with the world around us. But does this mean that we should let our compassion for others supercede our own basic needs and rights? No. Although many of the great spiritual teachers would disagree with me, I do not believe that in order to be compassionate we must become a carpet for others to walk on. In fact, sometimes being the carpet is exactly the wrong thing to do - for yourself, as well as for the other person or people involved in the situation.
But this puts us in what can only be described as a “grey area” for this topic. Where’s the line and how do you determine the balance between the seemingly opposed perspectives? How do you tell when it’s appropriate to be “hard” and assertive (notice I did not say “aggressive”!) and when to be thoroughly compassionate to the point of potential personal injury (or death)? Is the deciding line a matter of your role - as peer, as enabler (to borrow a more modern psychological term), as parent, as friend, as lover, as human, as teacher? Is it ego, hiding out as some idea of self-preservation or justice or greater good (the idea of “sacrificing the few to save the many”)? Is it a matter of a very subjective version of “the right call at the right time”? Do any of these suggestions -these “reasons”- even matter when it comes right down to it? No, not really. What does matter, however, is having the insight -the true insight gained from self-reflection and meditation- to help navigate through these grey areas and to make the right decision.
It’s not always easy making the right choice, though. In fact, many times the right decision is the more difficult one - it’s less convenient, takes more work, bruises our egos, sacrifices our immediate wants in favor of somebody or something other than ourselves. But it’s still the right decision. And no matter what the immediate perceived consequences on the physical plane, it’s still the right path and as such, the one that should be taken.
Sometimes it’s harder to be soft, and sometimes it’s harder to be hard.
Namaste.Ashley Tisdale: Shoe Shopping with Mom!
Ashley Tisdale shops around Barneys New York in Beverly Hills on Wednesday afternoon (July 27).
After her morning workout, the 26-year-old actress changed purses (from Balenciaga to Chanel), grabbed her mom Lisa and headed out to the shops to search for a few new cute pairs of shoes.
Ashley, wearing Funktional Stardust Shorts, browsed around in boots, heels and platforms.
Maybe they’re for the premiere of Phineas & Ferb Across the 2nd Dimension next week in Hollywood, which Ash will be attending.
20+ pics inside of Ashley Tisdale‘s search for shoes…
Posted to: Ashley TisdaleUnited States Department of Agriculture
Agricultural Research Service
Location:
Environmental Microbial and Food Safety Laboratory
1a.Objectives (from AD-416)
ARS is interested in reducing food safety risks by improving fresh-cut produce wash operation. The Cooperator is interested in evaluating new anti-microbial agents chemistry, surface adsorption, and other characteristics in relation to sanitizer performance on pathogen reduction.
3.Progress Report
The progress of this project has been closely monitored by the ADODR via frequent contact with the PI at the University of Maryland via conference calls, face-to-face meetings, and e-mails.Hello, this is Dr. E. Greetings from New York! I'm so glad you posted your question for me to answer, and I aim to provide you with accurate info.
I'm a fellow Crohn's sufferer myself - my heart goes out to you, I'm sorry for what you're dealing with. To aid with full digestion I recommend you chew each mouthful of food for at least ten seconds prior to swallowing, that will increase the surface area of the food that is available to your intestines for absorption. Also, as for the bile issue - there is a feedback system whereby greasy, fatty and dairy foods will stimulate the release of bile. Try to reduce your consumption of these foods (or avoid altogether) to help with your symptoms. Also, questran is an excellent medication to sequester the bile - you can take up to 4 grams of this medication up to six times a day - I'm recommending you take it about 15 minutes before a meal.
I hope this helped - please let me know if you hve any further questions. Have great New Year!
Dr. E
Is there anything I can take other than Questran. ?? The Questran has to be mixed. How can I do that before each meal when traveling or at work.? Is there anything else that is easier to trave with? I currently take one packet in the morning.
Eating is getting harder... No salads, no fruit, no veggies (unless cooked), you say no dairy, no fats. The only thing I seem to be able to tolerate are Carbs and it is making my ability to control my weight very hard.
Before you start making drastic changes to your diet, I'd recommend optimizing your questran first. If you eat something super greasy, be ready for some yellow stool, that''s all. I didn't say to cut out dairy and fat, just be mindful of them.You're only taking questran once a day which will not help your symptoms much - you need to be taking it at least before each meal, and up to six times a day total. You might consider having water bottles with the powder already in them and all you have to do is add water and shake them when you're at work or while travelling. There is another medication called colestipol (Colestid) which works similarly, and is also available in granules or tablet form - but I do not believe the tablet works as well. You might ask your doctor his thoughts about colestipol tablets.Newsletter Photos December 6, 2012
Navy veteran Elishia Perez went from homeless to temporary full-time employment using the Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program.
Nichole Letlow found new skills and employment using an ex-offender program funded by grants from the department.
From the Boston Regional Office of the Women's Bureau, Program Analyst Gillian Gutierrez conducted a webinar presentation on trauma-informed care for women veterans for more than 60 participants from community and social service organizations.
Grace Protos, regional administrator of the Women's Bureau Boston Office, participated in the educational webinar from Washington, D.C.
Secretary Martin P. Durkin
Federal employee volunteers at the Capital Area Food Bank from left to right: Jessica Creighton (OASAM), Louis Belsito (Environmental Protection Agency), Erika Henderson (ETA), Rose Lindgren (ETA), and Michael Kim (OCFO).
U.S. Secretary of Labor Hilda L Solis poses for a group shot with White House Fellows.
Labor Secretary Hilda L. Solis meets with US Conference of Mayors CEO Tom Cochran (left) and Mayor of Charlotte, N.C., Anthony Foxx (right) Mayor Foxx was recently named chair of the US Conference of Mayors' Task Force on Advanced Manufacturing.
Part of a city block in New Jersey destroyed by Hurricane Sandy.Israeli peace activists who participate in protests against their government’s illegal Land-Grab, Apartheid Wall came under state attack on Wednesday, with special forces entering homes in Tel Aviv.
Israeli occupation government.
At 11 a.m., three policemen knocked on the door of a second home, the residence of an activist who had been detained at a protest against Israel’s Operation Cast Lead in 2009. The police “turned the house upside down,” a witness reported, confiscating computers, pictures, clothing, and other items from the premises.
A source with knowledge of the raids who preferred to remain unidentified said police forces intend to search at least eight more homes throughout the day.
The move comes amidst a general crackdown on left-wing activities. In recent weeks, the Shabak, Israel’s internal security service, has been calling protestors asking them to come in for “friendly chats.” All those who have reported receiving the calls have refused, since by law they are not required to comply with the requests unless they receive an official summons from the police.
Full story at Infoshop News
Filed under: News Tagged: | Anti-colonial resistance, Israel, Palest, RepressionCreating new opportunities for beautiful blondes with enchanting soprano voices is a topic generally not included in discussions of non-traditional casting in the theatre, but when it was announced that Kelli O'Hara would be starring in the Encores! concert production of Bells Are Ringing instead of one of Broadway's many talented comedic actresses who might regard this weekend's performances as a public audition for the planned upcoming revival of Funny Girl, it was not, to say the least, an expected choice. Leo Africanus
US$ 15.99
(If any tax is payable it will be calculated and shown at checkout.)
Preview (read now) Add to my own site Give this ebook to a friend Add to my wishlist Author's page Publisher's page
more. less
New Amsterdam Books; March 1998
368 pages; ISBN 9781461663317
Read online, or download in secure EPUB or secure PDF format
Title: Leo Africanus
Author: Amin Maalouf
368 pages; ISBN 9781461663317
Read online, or download in secure EPUB or secure PDF format
Title: Leo Africanus
Author: Amin Maalouf
Buy, download and read Leo Africanus (eBook) by Amin Maalouf today!
More Fiction
- Memory Man 2015 US$ 13.49
- The Girl on the Train 2015 US$ 12.99 336 pages
- All the Light We Cannot See 2014 US$ 13.99 448 pages
Subject categories
ISBNs
1461663318
9781461663317
9781561310227
Gatwick airport bookies favourite as Osborne talks up runway expansion
Gatwick airport is edging ahead as the bookmakers favourite to be picked by Sir Howard Davies’ Airport Commission as the race to build extra runway capacity in the south east heats up.
COMMENT | Engineers must get behind the Northern Hub
Is it significant that chancellor George Osborne’s first speech since the election was heavily infrastructure-focused?
Suppliers: we need help in health & safety, leadership and collaborative working
The UK infrastructure sector must strengthen its performance in health & safety, leadership and collaborative working according to the results of a major survey of the sector.
In the cabinet UPDATED: What is on chancellor George Osborne's to do list?
Fourth on chancellor George Osborne’s list of responsibilities is the “delivery of infrastructure projects across the public sector and facilitating private sector investment into UK infrastructure”.
UPDATED: HS2 bid teams see European contracting giants take starring role
European contracting giants are playing a major part in almost all High Speed 2 (HS2) construction bid teams, NCE can reveal.
Comment | Tell us your stories of creative civil engineering
So there we go. Three years until Boris Johnson becomes prime minister.
Deadline day for British Construction Industry Awards entries
Today is your last chance to enter the British Construction Industry Awards’ hotly contested categories for excellence in use of building information modelling (BIM), project management, use of temporary works and innovation in product design.
Don’t underestimate the need for political support
Promoters of infrastructure projects worldwide have been looking worriedly at Australia in recent months. A row about a £5.5bn road scheme has been threatening to escalate into a major test of investor confidence in our sector.
EXCLUSIVE | Bouygues lands Thames Garden Bridge project
French giant Bouygues has landed the contract to build the controversial £175M Thames Garden Bridge, NCE can reveal.
Election candidates must heed infrastructure calls
Apologies. This week’s NCE is a little bit more political than we would like.
- New skills are needed to kick start major projects
- Raft of projects announced for digital engineering boost
- The Chinese are coming, but why worry?
- Highways Agency replacement publishes five year delivery plan
- Pothole cash wasted as local road network condition remains the same, says survey
- International design competition launched to re-engineer Tristan da Cunha
- Skills development requirement to be introduced into government infrastructure contracts
- London Underground explains more costly but more certain signalling upgrade
- Revised Crossrail 2 route safeguarded from future developments
- Councils win £275M to improve local roads
More Stories by Mark Hansford?
While the South East airport capacity debate centres on a Heathrow third runway versus Boris Island in the Thames Estuary, Gatwick is coolly making an understated case for the next new runway to head its way.
Railtrack haunts Cameron's plan for road privatisation
Fear of recreating mistakes of the past is the biggest threat to prime minister David Cameron’s bold vision to drag England’s roads into the 21st century, aided by vast slugs of private money.
Old problems threaten to derail new era of light rail
Britain stands ready to embark on new era of light rail through tram-trains, but the age old problem of skyrocketing construction costs threatens to derail the dream before a new tram even leaves the depot.
Localism in transport sounds death knell for major schemes
New plans to devolve transport funding decisions to local transport bodies are good for the government’s localism agenda, but they could signal the death of big schemes.
2012:.
Life on Mars stalks a squeezed industry
The next three years will see many civil engineering contractors go to the wall unless clients take responsibility for the situation and ease the pressure on cash flow and project risk.?
- Health & Safety - time to act on construction's achilles heelAnderson and Lartey Battle in Newark
Anderson and Lartey Battle in Newark
By Ken Hissner, Doghouse Boxing (Jan 19, 2013) Doghouse Boxing
-
Tweet
Heavy handed Michael “Slick” Anderson, 12-1-1 (10), of Newark, NJ, faces Ghana’s southpaw Emmanuel “Bukom Jah” Lartey, 13-0-1 (7), over 10 rounds for the WCB regional title in the welterweight division Saturday night (tonight) at the Robert Treat Hotel, in Newark, NJ. This will be Anderson’s first 10 rounder and for Lartey it’s his fourth fight in the US since coming here in 2011. Anderson has won 9 of his last 10 fights by stoppage while losing his lone fight the same way. Lartey won back to back 12 round bouts in winning the championship of Ghana and the African Boxing Union title before coming to the US.
Matchmaker Renee Aiken of All Out Promotions in association with Global Boxing Promotions will be co-promoters for this show. Southpaw Derrick “Take It to The Bank” Webster, 13-0 (7), of Glassboro, NJ, returns to action for the first time in 8 months against veteran Darnell Boone, 19-19-3 (8), of Atlanta, GA, over 6 super middleweight rounds. Boone is 6-10-2 against unbeaten boxers.
Two Newark heavyweights collide when Tyyab Beale, 7-3-1 (3), meets Aaron Kinch 4-0-1 (1) over 6 rounds. Beale has been 5-0-1 in his last 6 starts and looking to extend his streak while Kinch wants to remain unbeaten. Scott “Bang Bang” Burrell, 6-1 (5), of Brooklyn, NY, has won his last 3 bouts by 1st round stoppages. He takes on Edgardo Torres, 2-1 (2), of Vineland, NJ, in a 6 round light welter bout.
There will be an additional 5 bouts scheduled for 4 rounds. Newark southpaw Anthony “Too Sweet” Jones, 2-0-1 (0), defeated Kevin Rooney, Jr., in his last bout and now takes on Issa Coulibaly, 0-3, of DC, in a middleweight bout. Brooklyn’s Joseph Judah Crosby, 6-2 (1), takes on Newark’s Fitzgerald Johnson, 3-7 (1), who upset then 17-4, Tommy Rainone in June. Philadelphia’s Maurice Amaro, 1-5 takes on Queens, NY, cruiserweight Abdellah Smith, 2-4 (2). Pete Reyes, of NY, makes his debut against Oscar Pagan, 0-1, of Camden, NJ, in the featherweight division. Shakir Aquel Dunn, 0-1, of Newark faces Tobias Molina, 0-1, of VA, in the welterweight division.
Also from recent from Ken Hissner:
Champs at the Chase features Hasson and Robinson at Riverfront
Ken Hissner
Muhammad Ali, Boxing Legend Celebrates his 71st Birthday Today!
Ken Hissner
Doghouse Boxing Interview with Gennady "Triple G" Golovkin
Ken Hissner
Philly’s Bryant “By- By” Jennings Receives Sports Illustrated “Prospect of the Year Award”! - Interview
Ken Hissner
Doghouse Boxing Interview with "King" Gabriel Rosado!404 File Not Found
Host by NetBox Version 2.8 Build 4128
With Summer Infant Ultimate Training Pad, potty training is a little bit easier. This super-absorbent mattress is ideal for bedwetting children. The waterproof pad can be tucked in easily, and it absorbs close to six cups of water. Made of poly/rayon filling, it has vinyl at the bottom to protect the mattress or the sheet from getting wet.).
During.Become authorized to operate as a household goods mover
Follow these 6 steps to obtain a household goods mover permit:
- Submit a completed application (instructions) with a $150 filing fee to: 395 John Ireland Blvd MS 420 - Room 153, St. Paul, MN 55155.
NOTE: A $75 per vehicle registration fee is also required.
2. Show proof of registration with the Secretary of State.
3. File and maintain proper levels of insurance
Form E: Property Damage and Public Liability. Minimum of $50,000 is required for property damage; for public liability, $300,000/$100,000 is required.
Form H: Cargo. Minimum of $50,000 is required.
4. File required rates and tariffs.
5. File a Certificate of Compliance form – Minnesota Worker's Compensation Law.
6. Complete Introduction to Minnesota Trucking Regulations / Initial Motor Carrier Contact (IMCC) within 90 days of being issued this certificate.Isalys Qt. Milk Bottle Ohio St. Fair 1940
Click thumbnails for expanded view.
- $25.00
- Quantity Available: 1
Old Isalys Quart Milk Bottle. The red around the Bottle is readable but has faded/worn over the years. The bottom is embossed The Isaly Dairy Co., Youngstown, Ohio with a big I in the center. Although rough, Bottle also has its original tin cap on top. There is some roughness around the bottom edge as well as some on the outside lip edge (not on drinking lip edge, but lip edge below it). Inside is still a little dirty and not certain how much more it would clean up. Make a nice display with ones vintage Kitchen décor or Milk Bottle collection. Buyer to pay shipping.
Antique Junction
- Shadyside, Ohio
- View Storefront
- Contact Seller About This Item
- View Store Policies
Dealer Accepts:
Shipping:Negotiated with Seller
Item Details:
- Reference #
- b59
- Quantity
- 1
- Category
- Glass
- Department
- Collectibles
- Year
- 1940's
- Dimensions
- Width: 0 inch
- Height: 0 inch
- Depth: 0 inch
- Weight: 0 pound
-
- Condition
- see descripiton/photosIf you're getting ready for a night out, there's nothing worse than having to battle with your computer every time you want to change the song.
We've put a Spotify playlist together to take the pressure off you needing to choose the right tune - so no more drunken fumbles with YouTube.
Have we missed any?
Leave a comment in the box below and we'll try our best to add it in.Economic Viewpoint
THE BRAVE NEW TELECOM WORLD STILL NEEDS A REFEREE
The Senate's telecommunications bill, drafted by Commerce Committee Chairman Larry Pressler (R-S.D.), might seem a grand bargain. Freed from regulatory shackles, emerging super-industries will enter each other's markets: Local Bell operating companies will offer long-distance service. Long-distance carriers will contest local phone markets. Likewise, cable companies and even electric utilities. Phone companies may merge with cable operators, wireless competitors can access the local phone grid, and everybody can venture jointly.
But in its eagerness to promote competition, this bill could actually undermine it. The mistake is to assume that lingering market power will disappear overnight. A new era of competition in telecommunications is surely in the offing, but the devil is in the details. Huge areas of monopoly power survive in this business. The local phone monopoly, usually a Baby Bell, still controls over 99% of local markets. If you want to get into the telephone business, you first need access to its switches. Very dense areas such as Manhattan boast wireless options for basic phone service, but not in most of the country. Eventually, cable companies may become direct rivals. But that will take many years. In the meantime, cable companies and phone companies may merge, leaving one wire to the customer.
The danger is that regulated monopoly will give way to unregulated monopoly, especially in local phone service. The Senate bill tries to mandate fair competition by specifying a checklist of measures that must be met before local phone service is deemed fully competitive. Only then can the Baby Bells freely go into the long-distance business, and only then do other regulatory strictures come off.
The checklist is sensible as far as it goes. It includes fair access to interconnections for Baby Bell rivals, equal access to telephone directory listings, "portability" of phone numbers when one switches companies, a system of reciprocal payments among competing local phone companies, and so on.
NO WATCHDOG. But equal access on paper is not the same as actual competition. The Bells can meet all the checklist's demands and still control 99% of actual markets. Fair play is also a moving target. When new rivals must piggyback on a dominant company's facilities, the incumbent is sorely tempted to play cute. Just ask MCI Communications Corp. executives about the games AT&T used to play.
An incumbent local phone company with 99% market share can agree to Pressler's 14-point checklist now. But as technology changes, no agency is empowered to review fair play as there has been under the terms of the AT&T breakup. There is now ample consumer choice for long-distance service--but only because the Federal Communications Commission, the Justice Dept., and U.S. District Judge Harold H. Greene continuously supervised the terms of engagement to keep AT&T from using its dominance to strangle MCI, Sprint Corp., and other newcomers. Had there been a premature free-for-all a decade ago, when competition was in its infancy, AT&T's market power would have snuffed out all comers.
By contrast, the Pressler bill naively assumes competition is mostly self-policing. It would supersede the 1982 consent decree that broke up the Bell system, put Judge Greene out of business, and reduce the FCC's role. The approach followed by Ameritech Corp. and the Justice Dept. is more sensible. In a pilot agreement filed on Apr. 3, Ameritech, the Chicago-based Baby Bell, gets to offer limited long-distance service, but only as competition for local service develops, and under the continuing supervision of the Justice Dept.
Advocates of total deregulation contend that issues of equal access and fair play can be sorted out by the rival industries themselves. That happens all the time--it's called a cartel.
True competition in phone service is coming--but only if it is policed, as it was in long distance. In industries that have been regulated monopolies, with captive customer bases, the transition to fair competition is not self-executing. "There are just too many opportunities for anticompetitive behavior," observes FCC Chairman Reed Hundt. "The top cop on the Information Highway still needs to keep a nightstick." Congress has waited 60 years to rewrite the 1934 Communications Act. They might as well take a few more months and do it properly.BY ROBERT KUTTNERNinth Grade through Twelfth Thrill of West African Dance
Tryday
U-Z
Ukulele Workshop
Underwater World
Visual Art Instruction for Students with Disabilities
Women in Jazz Concert & Lecture
Youth Empowerment Program
Top of page...]
Reason, Conversion, and Plausibility
Chris Castaldo on Purgatory and Rob Bell’s Love Wins
Evangelical Pastor and former Catholic, Chris Castaldo, nicely corrects those who have opined that Rob Bell's recent musings on hell are not unlike the Catholic doctrine of purgatory. You can read Pastor Castaldo's comments here. … [Read more...]
Roger Olson on “Evangelical AND Catholic”
My wr … [Read more...]
Carl Trueman on Rob Bell’s use of Luther
(HT:, … [Read more...]
Rob Bell may be on to something
A...]
Albert Mohler, Catholicism, and Hell
(HT: Joe Carter at First Things sp … [Read more...]
John Piper on Bob Dylan
(HT: Bill Gann). Writes Piper:...]
Was Aquinas a Proto-Protestant?
That...]
Follow Patheos
Catholic:There will be no more jumpers for goal posts in a lower school playground thanks to a £30,000 grant to upgrade its outdoor sports facilities.
Husborne Crawley Lower School was awarded the money as part of Sport England’s £18million lottery-funded programme to improve primary school play areas across the country.
Head teacher Sue Isaacs said: “We have a very small outside play area here and the funding will mean we can totally transform our playground into a state of the art sports facility, giving a wonderful opportunity to all our pupils.”
Sport England contractors will carry out the work, which will include laying a new multi-activity surface with games markings across the whole playground.
They will also instal a traversing boulder wall, a new storage unit for sports equipment and basket ball hoops and goals.
The investment is designed to support those schools in the greatest need of improvements. It will also benefit Husborne Crawley residents, who will be able to use the play area outside school hours.
Ms Isaacs said: “The plans look amazing, and it’s brilliant for the village. I have been in touch with the parish council to see how best to promote it. I hope people will be able to use the basketball hoops and five-a-side goals outside school hours.”
She added: “We trust people to use it sensibly. Most of the older children and teenagers in the village attended the school and still support it by coming to fetes and functions. They will look after it.”
Sport England will arrange for their own contractors to contact the school and arrange a date for the work to commence.
The application for the grant was submitted by the school with the permission of Central Bedfordshire Council and the support of those who assist the children with PE and sports activities.
The grant is aimed at schools which have limited space for sport.
Central Bedfordshire Council executive member for children’s services Cllr Mark Versallion said: “It’s excellent news that these three local schools have secured this funding.
“Having great play spaces is really important in encouraging our youngsters to keep physically active and enjoy sport. I look forward to seeing the finished projects in the months to come.”
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.AN art and design student at BCoT has won a competition to have her work published on the front cover of the college’s new full-time prospectus.
Sarah Martin, a former pupil of The Clere School, drew an image of the college using free-hand in an abstract style.
Sarah’s design will now be in front of thousands of prospective students looking to find out about the college and the courses on offer.
Sarah, who has been with BCoT for two years, is staying for another year to study her foundation degree in art and design.
She is delighted that her design was chosen, saying: “I joined the college because I originally wanted to become an interior designer.
“I have always been interested in art but knew that my drawing ability needed to develop.
“I have learned a lot from our college trips to Venice and Madrid, and my original illustration for the front cover really improved.”
Having her drawing at the forefront of the college’s most important annual publication has been acknowledged by Sarah’s former school The Clere as a great achievement.
“I am so excited,” says Sarah. “I can’t believe how many people are going to see my drawing!”A unique culinary event, “Start Spreadin’ the News,” raised $100,000 for Hurricane Sandy relief efforts Sunday, December 9 on Las Vegas’ own “Brooklyn Bridge” at New York-New York Hotel & Casino. Nearly 700 guests, volunteers and supporters of the cause, including two “Mayor Goodmans,” Southern Wine & Spirits of Nevada(SWS of NV) Senior Managing Director Larry Ruvo and celebrity chefs, enjoyed 22 restaurants with ties to Las Vegas and New York City.:
· Bellagio: Todd English’s Olives
· Caesars Palace: Payard Patisserie & Bistro, Rao’s
· The Cosmopolitan: Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar & Grill, Scarpetta, D.O.C.G. Enoteca
· Crystals at CityCenter: Todd English P.U.B.
· The Forum Shops at Caesars: The Palm Las Vegas
· Mandalay Bay: Aureole
· MGM Grand: Tom Colicchio’s Craftsteak, Stage Deli
· The Mirage: Carnegie Deli, BLT Burger
· New York-New York: Broadway Burger, Nathan’s Famous Hotdogs, Bonanno’s New York Pizza
· Paris Las Vegas: Gordon Ramsay Steak
· The Venetian & Palazzo: B&B Ristorante, Carnevino, Otto, Bouchon Bakery
· 'chips'.
Related Articles
- Vegas Culinary Extravaganza Raises Money for Hurricane Sandy Victims
- A Mandalay Bay Weekend of Gourmet Food, Scotch, and Colbie Caillat!
- Javier's Mexican Restaurant Opens at ARIA
- Food and Travel: Eating, Drinking and Being Very Merry at Mandalay Bay Las Vegas
- Mandalay Bay Announces Fabulous Wine and Spirits Weekend
- Win a night in Las Vegas!
- The Talking Easter Egg Aids Your Search Efforts
- Classic Mardi Gras Cocktail Recipe: The Hurricane
- Thirsty Thursdays: The Hard Rock's Hurricane
- Zac Efron and Heather Graham Treated to $100,000 Champagne
Related Recipes
Categories:
Want more from Foodista? Sign up below!Top NITs for Computer science based on JEE main closing rank
Top NITs for Computer science and Engineering based on JEE main closing rank.
All ranks shown here are All India ranks and ranking is based on closing ranks for general category students under All India quota
Some other top NITs that provide B.Tech in Computer Engineering
Scope of Computer Science and Engineering
Improve your score in jee with the best mock tests & practice tests in India, Signup Now !
nit raipur is better den sm of d nits in above list.. Jst bcz raipur is nt very big city, still developng, so people dnt prefer to come here at prefrence…. That make cutoff go near 15-16k.
NIT Jaipur provides B.Tech in Computer engineering not cse
where d hell is NIT Jaipur?'.
"Excellent story............"!"
Mary is educated and redeemed, a powerful voice in Washington, D.C. both to the politically elite and women like her. But she also has a past that shamed polite society. The experiences created in her paralyzing fear, faithlessness, addiction, and promiscuity. At the crossroads of her life, only one power set Mary free and gave her a lifetime of love and hope. A power that could only be divine...
©2006 Karen Kingsbury; (P)2006 Brilliance Audio, Inc.
TEL
"Good story!"
My only issue: use African American narrators for more realism, so everyone doesn't sound alike.
"Touching Story"
How both women learned about the love of God and how His forgiveness is free to anyone. I think it shows the importance of sharing our testimony.
Redeeming Love
She brought the characters to life with her great performance.
Yes, several.
"Great example of a life lived for God"
yes, this book is great
Mary dedicates her life to Christ
momment of crisis
Karen K is a wonderful christian writer
"INSPIRATIONAL - UPLIFTING"
ABSOLUTELY.
NIGEL REVEALING JESUS' LOVE TO MARY IN A TANGIBLE WAY.
SO MANY ARE IMPRISONED IN ONE WAY OR ANOTHER. ITS A STORY ABOUT FINDING FREEDOM AND I BELIEVE IT MADE GOOD AND TRUE STATEMENTS ABOUT.DL News Staff
Author Content
Aug. 18, 1964-March 17, 2012 Former Detroit Lakes resident Steven Joseph Erickson, 46, passed away Saturday, March 17, 2012 in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico, after a sudden illness. Steven was born to Charles H. Erickson and Rita A. Erickson on August 18, 1964 at St. Mary´s Hospital, Detroit Lakes. Steve graduated from Detroit Lakes High School and attended Fergus Falls Community College. He married Claudia Torres Venegas on April 19, 1997. Steve was the sales director at Cabo Villas Beach Resort and Spa in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. He helped develop this resort with the Erickson family..
Nov. 3, 1927-March 19, 2012 Gust U. Brown, 84, of rural Frazee, died Monday March 19, 2012 at Emmanuel Nursing Home in Detroit Lakes. Gust Underwood Brown was born the son of Clarence and Rose (Olson) Brown on November 3, 1927 in Detroit Lakes, Becker County. He grew up in Detroit Lakes and attended the Washington Grade School and Holmes High School. He was confirmed at First Lutheran Church by Rev. I.O. Jacobson. He served in the U.S. Navy during World War II, from Oct. 10, 1945 to Nov. 3, 1948, in the Pacific Campaign..
Oct. 25, 1919-March 18, 2012 Geneva Newman Pederson Carroll -- mother, wife, grandmother, great grandmother, aunt -- died Sunday, March 18 at Essentia Health St. Mary's in Detroit Lakes, after a short illness. She was surrounded by her family. We have lost the irreplaceable center of our family and the joyous light in our lives. Geneva Newman was born in Fort Dodge, Iowa on October 25, 1919 to Theodore and Irene (Bodell) Newman. She is a graduate of Fort Dodge High School and Mercy Hospital School of Nursing, where she met her husband, Dr. Thomas Pederson..
Feb. 17, 1954-March 14, 2012 Harley B. Smith, 58, of Fargo, died on Wednesday, March 14, 2012 at Sanford Health, Fargo. Harley Burt Smith was born to Ralph and Florence (Jendro) Smith on February 17, 1954 in Fargo. He was raised on the family farm near Alice, N.D., and graduated from Buffalo High School in 1972. He graduated from North Dakota College of Science in Wahpeton, where he received an HVAC degree. Harley married Dawn Unger on August 30, 1974 in Page, N.D. They lived in several communities in the Fargo area and from 1991 to 2003, lived in Detroit Lakes...HAMPTON, Ga. — No wonder they call Kevin Harvick “The Closer.”
From the moment Harvick’s No. 5 JR Motorsports Chevrolet took the lead from polesitter Chase Elliott on Lap 37, Saturday night’s Great Clips 300 at Atlanta Motor Speedway was an open-and-shut case.
In posting his third NASCAR Nationwide Series victory of the season and the 43rd of his career, Harvick led the last 159 laps and finished .567 seconds ahead of runner-up Joey Logano.
“This thing was bad fast from the drop of the green flag,” Harvick said after finishing off a spectacular victory burnout and exiting the car. “This is just one of those race tracks where I like the challenge of everything you get to do here.
“(Crew chief) Ernie (Cope) and I have found a great setup over the years back into the trucks (NASCAR Camping World Truck Series), and it’s still working today.”
The only factors preventing Harvick from lapping the field—or so it seemed—were a pair of debris cautions, the first of which erased a four-second lead after Harvick had paced the field from Laps 37 through 72.
The second caution flag, which flew on Lap 120, wiped out a Harvick advantage that was close to seven seconds. By then, only 10 of the 40 cars that started the race remained on the lead lap.
A light rain extended that second caution to 13 laps, but after a restart on Lap 134, it was more of the same. Harvick quickly pulled out to a lead of more than four seconds before a cycle of green-flag pit stops trimmed his advantage to two seconds over Logano, the only driver able to keep pace with Harvick over the closing laps.
Kyle Larson ran third, followed by Kyle Busch and Elliott, who extended his series lead to 15 points over JR Motorsports teammate Regan Smith, the sixth-place finisher.
Logano’s car came to life in the closing laps but not soon enough for him to catch Harvick.
“I took off that last run and started to catch Kevin a little bit and then started to get too tight,” Logano said. “He started driving away a little bit, and then the last six or seven laps, all of a sudden the light switch turned on and I started catching him.
“I just ran out of time. I wish there were five or seven more laps, and I could have got to him and tried to do something with him. We were catching him two or three tenths (of a second) a lap there at the end and having some fun with it, but it was too little, too late.”
In Friday’s NASCAR Sprint Cup Series time trials, Harvick won the pole for Sunday’s Oral-B USA 500 at the 1.54-mile speedway. Though there are vast differences in the behavior of NNS versus Cup cars, Harvick’s ability to run the bottom at Atlanta might be an indication of good things to come on Sunday.
“I’m really happy with our car,” Harvick said. “It’s been good in every practice and obviously qualified well. You just have to have it all go your way. These races are hard to win, so we’ll just enjoy this one tonight and go from there.”Home > NRC Library > Document Collections > Generic Communications > Information Notices > 1992 > IN 92-65
Information Notice No. 92-65: Safety System Problems Caused by Modifications that were not Adequately Reviewed and Tested
UNITED STATES NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION OFFICE OF NUCLEAR REACTOR REGULATION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20555 September 3, 1992 NRC INFORMATION NOTICE 92-65: SAFETY SYSTEM PROBLEMS CAUSED BY MODIFICATIONS THAT WERE NOT ADEQUATELY REVIEWED AND TESTED Addressees All holders of operating licenses or construction permits for nuclear power reactors. Purpose The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) is issuing this information notice to alert addressees to problems caused by inadequate review and testing of safety system modifications. two examples of safety system design errors that went undetected since construction, because design changes were not thoroughly reviewed and tested. On October 10, 1991, during post overhaul testing, personnel at Arkansas Nuclear One, Unit 1, observed that one of the high-pressure safety injection (HPSI) pumps was losing its lubricating oil at a rate of more than 15 gallons per hour as a result of oil spraying from the bearings. The licensee found that the oil would always leak at this rate during emergency operation because of excessive oil pressure caused by the simultaneous operation of two oil pumps that served the HPSI pump. This condition had existed since the plant began operation. The bearings for each of the HPSI pumps are supplied with lubricating oil by two oil pumps, one attached directly to the HPSI pump itself and the other a separate electric backup pump. Originally the electric oil pumps were intended to be used during start up of a HPSI pump or to replace a malfunctioning attached oil pump. The electric oil pumps could be started manually and would start automatically when the oil pressure decreased below a certain point. The licensee continues to use this method of control when the HPSI pumps are used for normal reactor water makeup. However, during construction, the licensee decided that the HPSI pumps would be more reliable if the electric lubricating oil pumps ran continuously during emergency operation. Consequently, the licensee modified the emergency controls to keep 9208280105. IN 92-65 September 3, 1992 Page 2 of 4 the electric oil pumps operating whenever an emergency safety features actuation system (ESFAS) signal was present. Anticipating that the simultaneous operation of both oil pumps could cause excessive oil pressure, the licensee added an oil pressure relief valve to the oil system. However, the relief valve settings were not appropriately selected to prevent oil spraying from the bearings. In September 1991, the Gulf States Utilities Company, licensee for the River Bend Station, discovered that the outlet valves for the hydrogen mixing system would immediately close if an operator attempted to start up the system by opening these valves when a loss-of-coolant accident (LOCA) signal was present. An interlock prevented the mixing system fans from operating with the outlet valves closed. Consequently, the hydrogen mixing system would have been inoperable if a LOCA signal were present. This condition had existed since the plant was constructed. The River Bend Station is a boiling water reactor with a Mark III containment structure. This containment structure consists of two chambers, a large outer primary containment and a drywell which is inside the primary containment and surrounds the reactor vessel. This system suppresses the steam pressure released during a LOCA by directing the steam through the suppression pool water into the primary containment. After the initial pressure suppression is complete following a LOCA, hydrogen created by the zirconium-water reaction would be mainly concentrated in the drywell. The hydrogen mixing system is provided to reduce the concentration of the hydrogen in the drywell by moving it into the primary containment where it is diluted and reduced in concentration by the hydrogen recombiners. The redundant hydrogen mixing systems each have two lines penetrating the drywell; an outlet line having a recirculating fan to draw suction from the drywell and an inlet line that allows diluted air to reenter the drywell. Each of these lines has two isolation valves which are normally closed during plant operation. In 1983, during construction, the licensee added a LOCA interlock to the hydrogen mixing system that would automatically close all eight of the mixing system valves upon receiving a LOCA signal. In 1984, the licensee revised the control logic for the mixing system valves to automatically override a LOCA signal when the operator opened the drywell inlet valves. However, the licensee did not provide this LOCA override capability for the outlet line valves. Discussion In both of these cases, the licensee changed the design with the intention of increasing the reliability of safety systems. However, because the licensees did not adequately review and test the designs, these changes introduced errors that could have prevented the systems from performing their safety functions as intended. At Arkansas Nuclear One, the licensee intended to increase the reliability of the HPSI system by causing both HPSI oil pumps to operate simultaneously when an ESFAS signal was present. However, the oil pumps had apparently never been run simultaneously for any extended period until the recent overhaul test. . IN 92-65 September 3, 1992 Page 3 of 4 The licensee routinely conducted the required periodic pump surveillance tests with the HPSI operating in the normal reactor makeup mode with only one oil pump running at a time. The licensee tested the effectiveness of the ESFAS signal during each refueling outage. However, the test only required verification that the test signal would actuate the HPSI system and did not result in the simultaneous operation of the two oil pumps for an extended time. As a result, neither of these tests revealed the oil leakage problem. The licensee estimated that a HPSI pump would have performed satisfactorily for only 80 minutes without operator action to replenish the oil or to stop the electric oil pumps. With an ESFAS signal present, the electric oil pumps cannot be stopped from the control room, but must be stopped by opening local power supply breakers. The licensee has modified the oil pressure relief valve settings to minimize the oil leakage. Procedures were established that instruct the operators to stop the electric oil pumps 15 minutes after an ESFAS actuation of the pumps. At River Bend, the control logic to automatically close all of the mixing system valves was provided to ensure that the drywell integrity would be restored if a LOCA occurred during a mixing system test with the valves open. Apparently, the LOCA override for the inlet valves was provided later to permit the drywell to be depressurized to clear a false LOCA signal that might be caused by a loss of offsite power. The false LOCA signal could be generated by the drywell pressure rise that would accompany a loss of drywell cooling. Since the drywell could be depressurized without opening the outlet valves, the LOCA override was not provided for these valves. The need to open the outlet to operate the hydrogen mixing was apparently not considered for this change. Normal surveillance testing did not reveal this design error because it was never conducted with a LOCA signal present. When the licensee discovered this design error, it declared both hydrogen mixing trains inoperable and commenced shutting down the reactor. The licensee then developed a LOCA bypass procedure for the hydrogen mixing system. These events highlight the importance of thoroughly reviewing any safety- related design change, including considering the effect of the change on all related systems. The events also show the need for completely testing the systems affected by the design change under conditions that simulate as nearly as possible those conditions that are expected to exist when the systems are needed.. IN 92-65 September 3, 1992 Page 4 of 4: Thomas F. Westerman, RIV (817) 860-8145 Attachment: List of Recently Issued NRC Information Notices.
Page Last Reviewed/Updated Tuesday, November 12, 20132000 Graham's Vintage Port
Select Quantities
Item #330830
Check Availability »
- Size: 750ml
- Type: Fortified Wine
- Varietal: Port
- Country: Portugal
- Region: Douro
This wine was named #9 on Wine Spectator's Top 100 Wines of 2003. . Collectible." - James Suckling, May 15, 2003 Reviewed by: Wine Spectator - 98pts
Prices, promotions and availability may vary by store and online.in reply to
Vacation plans this summer
Well I don't know that but in my next vacations plans, I'll go to the beach to get sun and un-stress from work and co-workers. Or maybe to a Rain Forest Hotel to do the same if go to the beach. Read and enjoy the view. And maybe find someone that made all in great vacation.
Any opinion that you monks may bring me about change my vacation plans or help me to made a desicion between Beach or Rain Forest are wellExperts in water, agriculture and conservation banded together at last week’s World Water Week in Stockholm to call for a major shift in global policies on agriculture and natural resource management, a change they said was urgently needed for future food and water security.
The call to action came on the back of a study released on during the conference by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the Sri-Lanka headquartered International Water Management Institute (IWMI), which found that current agricultural trends are destroying the world’s natural resources, particularly its water supplies.
The study, An Ecosystem Services Approach to Water and Food Security, recommended urgent action to integrate greener farming methods and the conservation of natural areas to ensure food security and protect water sources.
Farming accounts for 70 to 90 per cent of water use in some areas, noted the authors of the study, who warned that in some of the world’s largest growing regions, including the ‘breadbaskets’ of northern China plains, Punjab in India and the Western United States, water was being used faster than sources could be replenished.
“Agriculture is both a major cause and victim of ecosystem degradation,” said IWMI’s scientific editor Eline Boelee in a statement.
She added that increasing agricultural production in a sustainable way i s a priority for future food security, but that “we need to take a more holistic ‘landscape’ approach.”
To achieve a ‘landscape’ approach, experts from IWMI and UNEP recommended ‘agroecosystems’, meaning systems whereby planning for food production and other land uses is integrated into a broader plan – one that ensures clean water, clean air and biodiversity for the long term.
Implementation will require combining the efforts of the agricultural sector and natural resource managers and advocates - two interest groups which have been traditionally separate and often in conflict, they noted.
Deputy director general for research at IWMI, David Molden, said, “The various political, research and community alliances now emerging are challenging the notion that we have to choose between food security and ecosystem health by making it clear that you can’t have one without the other.”
He noted that recent alliances between agricultural and conservation groups are blurring the lines between sustainable farming and natural resource protection. “For instance,,” he added.
The Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR) is host to IWMI and brings together research groups from around the world to find solutions to agricultural and food security issues.
Experts from UNEP and IWMI agree that agencies and organisations that manage agriculture, water resources, wildlife, forests and other natural resources often operate in isolation, and that much greater cooperation is needed for a sustainable approach to food production.
A separate study from IWMI, Wetlands, Agriculture and Poverty Reduction, found that efforts to preserve wetlands by excluding agriculture can actually increase the rate of destruction of the eco-system. IWMI’s Matthew McCartney, who co-authored the wetlands report, said, “Blanket prohibitions against cultivation do not always reduce ecosystem destruction and can make things worse.”
He cited an example of a farming ban on grassy wetlands in sub-Saharan Africa that led to grazing in the wetlands and deforestation upstream of the wetlands, both of which had greater negative environmental impacts than the earlier farming methods.
“What is needed is a balance: appropriate farming practices that support sustainable food production and protect ecosystems,” said Mr McCartney.
IWMI’s Mr Molden said it was essential to change the way modern societies view water and ecosystems and the way people interact with them.
One relationship society will need to understand is the inevitable link between growing enough food to feed communities and having a healthy water supply.
While a person consumes on average 2 to 4 litres of water per day for drinking, producing the food they eat requires 2,000 to 5,000 litres of water. With the world’s population expected to grow by 2.7 billion people by 2050, pressure on water resources will increase dramatically.
At the same time, the natural systems that store, filter and protect those water resources are increasingly degraded. China’s official agency reported recently that over the past 50 years, roughly 1,000 of the nation’s 3,000 natural lakes have disappeared. Other strains on water resources include rising pollution in waterways, plummeting levels in ground aquifers and lowered dam levels due to drought and damaged ecosystems.
“Managing water for food and ecosystems will bring great benefits, but there is no escaping the urgency of this situation. We are heading for disaster if we don’t change our practices from business as usual,” said Mr Molden.
World Water Week has been hosted annually by the Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI) since 1991 and brings together experts and decision-makers from around the globe to find solutions to pressing water issues. This year’s theme was Water in an Urbanising World.The union-government agreement to end the strike will result in a five percent wage increase in the next two years, with a three percent hike this year and a two-per cent hike in 2008. Workers are returning to work, but the agreement is dependent on a final agreement next week.
Histadrut leader Ofir Eini said Thursday morning that the agreement promises labor peace until 2009.AnnaLynne McCord: Van Cleef & Arpels 'A Quest For Beauty' Event
AnnaLynne Mccord is the lady in red while attending A Quest for Beauty: The Art Of Van Cleef & Arpels event held at The Bowers Museum on Saturday night (October 26) in Santa Ana, Calif.
The 26-year-old actress enjoyed a private curated tour of the new exhibit which features over 200 items from the private collection of Van Cleef & Arpels. Key pieces from the exhibit include never before seen items and iconic pieces worn by Princess Grace, Elizabeth Taylor, Barbara Hutton and Empress Farah Pahlavi, among many others.
AnnaLynne herself wore the “Magic Alhambra” earrings and “Noeud” bracelet.
20+ pics inside of AnnaLynne McCord…
Posted to: AnnaLynne McCord“.”
Ivy League MBAs come to China"We would like Cornell to be part of China's development story and China to be part of our global development story," said Soumitra Dutta. ›
Johnson dean's report calls for end to 'digital poverty' Soumitra Dutta , dean of the Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management and co-author of the Global Information Technology Report , calls for greater urgency in bringing the benefits of inf... ›
Annual Ranking Reveals Limits of the Digital Revolution Johnson’s
Dean Soumitra Dutta, co-author of Global Information Technology Report, calls
for greater urgency in bringing the benefits of information technology to more
global economies and citizen... ›
‘Digital Poverty’ Holding Back Global GrowthDean Soumitra Dutta is mentioned in this article about the Global Information Technology report. ›
PH climbs two notches to 76th place in Network Readiness IndexDean Soumitra Dutta is mentioned in this article regarding the Network Readiness Index. ›
Singapore Overtakes Finland to Take Top Spot in Network Readiness IndexDean Soumitra Dutta is mentioned in this article about Singapore overtaking Finland for top spot in Network Readiness. ›
Première pour le Luxembourg...participez au côté de Strategy avec le Forum économique mondial et la ' Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management ', sur les forces et les... ›
Net neutrality is important, and more so because most Indians don’t even have access to the internetDeat Dutta is quoted in this article about net neutrality. ›
Live: Dean Dutta Unveils Ranking of 143 Economies on Networked Readiness The Global
Information Technology Report ranks economies on their capacity to exploit the
potential to leverage information and communications technologies for economic
growth. ›
Johnson, sponsor at Fourth Annual Cornell China Conference 2015 Keynote speaker Dean Soumitra Dutta to share latest news on initiatives in China.December 31
Today.
1711 - The Duke of Marlborough was dismissed as commander-in-chief.
1775 - The British repulsed an attack by Continental Army generals Richard Montgomery and Benedict Arnold at Quebec. Montgomery was killed in the battle..
1960 - The farthing coin, which had been in use in Great Britain since the 13th century, ceased to be legal tender.
1961 - In the
U.S.
, the Marshall Plan expired after distributing more than $12 billion in foreign aid. - Russian President Boris Yeltsin resigned. Prime Minister Vladimir Putin was designated acting president.<!y2000>.<!y2000>
1999 - Sarah Knauss died at the age of 119 years. She was the world's oldest person. She was born September 24, 1880.
Today's:
<!ad location>Q: My girlfriend and I split up a couple months ago after two years together. Immediately after splitting up with me she had a fling with this rebound. Our spark had faded, we were arguing and I pushed her away instead of fixing it when we were at our worst. But I do think we can fix it if we both want it. Right now, we're both just confused about our feelings. She says she loves me, but has some feelings for someone else; she enjoys spending time with him but isn't looking for a relationship with him.
I don’t see how she can like him that much when she says all that to me. On numerous occasions she still kisses, cuddles and talks to me. It's a classic rebound, just the excitement of a new guy and that'll wear off soon I think. She just said that she can't fix it or try it with me if she has feelings for someone else, no matter how insignificant they are compared to what she feels for me. I agree with her. We're both (mainly her) just confused about our feelings and need to clear them up. Do you think time apart completely will help us realize what it is we truly want? And will the excitement/novelty of him will wear off? Or should I keep seeing her, casually, just have a nice time, not take it seriously, have fun and hopefully we'll both remember how good we are together?
A: Ah, the archetypal rebound relationship that makes the underdog believe if he just waits it out, she will come to her senses and he will rise again as the victor to her heart. Sorry dear, but that typically only happens in our favorite romantic comedies. The only thing she is confused about is how to break your heart as gently as possible. Right now you’re allowing her to have her cake and eat it too.
When you’re in a strong relationship there is no need for an intermission after two years to sort out your feelings. There is no confusion. It’s either there or it isn’t. You either work on it or you don’t. There are no vacations here. You don’t just wake up one morning and decide you’re going to sleep in someone else’s bed for a spell while you figure out if you really love the other guy.
Come on. This isn’t about what she wants. What do you want? Do you want to be the guy who waits around patiently panting and wagging his tail waiting for scraps from the table or are you going to be the guy who marks and protects his territory? By this I simply mean take control of your own fate. You’re more than welcome to not take things so serious and just enjoy your time with her. But it’s likely that she will find another form of excitement once the novelty of this guy wears off and you will still be sitting, waiting for scraps.
Q: I dated this guy in 2010 from a dating website. We dated a few times after having a coffee. A little bit about him, he's pursuing his PhD as a scientist. I was single, raised my dog, and worked hard to pay my bills. He and I have talked and were sexually attracted to each other. A couple months later, I found out that he was trying to fix his three-year relationship with his ex-girlfriend who cheated on him. They got back together a year later and I think they are still together. I never wanted a rebound and I should have asked how serious his commitments were. He mentioned that he wants us to continue being friends and offered a casual relationship. I rejected his offer.
Anyway, I moved on and found a good boyfriend. We’ve been together for two years now. Over the past three years, the other guy has been trying to add me as a friend on Facebook . I rejected him twice. He recently texted me, "Hey, how have you been. Hope you have a good day." There are so many mixed signals he's been giving me and he knows I have a boyfriend. The truth is I like to think of him as a friend. Maybe someday we could talk at the coffee shop or have a beer, nothing too personal since I am still committed. I don't want to give the other guy the wrong impression or send the wrong message by accepting him as a friend. What I should do? What does he really want? Why would he try to add me on Facebook?
A: It’s been two years since you’ve dated him and he even suggested you remain friends. So, maybe he just wants to be friends? Nah that would be too simple. What’s the harm in becoming friends on Facebook unless your new guy would have an issue with it? Asking how you’ve been is hardly sending mixed signals. I’m not saying you should have lunch with him but really, Facebook friends is harmless.
Why is it everyone thinks there always has to be some ulterior motive? Too many people tend to flatter themselves beyond the reality that a member of the opposite sex, even an ex, could like them or have an interest in how they’re doing without there being a romantic connotation. This is completely your choice but you should lighten up and stop reading so much into it.
What happened to the Emil and Andy online show? No goodbyes?
Question no.2, put yourself in your now boyfriends shoes, how would you feel about him and an ex becoming facebook friends and coffee shop friends.Its up to you, but ,maybe this is one friend you can do without. Question no.1, real love and commitment, is not here on her part, she's enjoying your attention but is attracted elsewhere.
Moderators have removed this comment because it contained Personal attacks (including: name calling, presumption of guilt or guilt by association, insensitivity, or picking fights).
hmmm..wow.
Question number one guy, Move on shes crazy. Question number two girl, Your crazy and probably ovulating. Quit being paranoid the guys a nerd and either wants a 4th for his Halo team or just wants to stare at your duckface pictures so he can get some action.
I wasn't aware that there was a lower than the low that this rag can go to!! Yes, I read it, yes I despise it! There will be a REAL NEWS paper for our community soon. Just using this useless drivel to convince our new LEADERS in true news reporting to see what they are up against! Marshmallow!
Eda, Sind Sie Spitzen!
Kurt, I would love to carry on a dialogue with you, however, I don't speak German. And it seems you don't speak it very well because my research turns up no coherent translation of what you are trying to say...
Google translate says that it means "You are tops!"
Thanks... Always forget about Google. Lol
Every week, everyone of these fake questions can be answered with the same exact word... NO!! Glad the Register can devote their resources to promote such excellent journalism.Ok, so obviously the cold hasn't set in just yet, but you better believe mother nature is brewing up some cool, crisp Fall weather for us...so come get one, or five of our fantastic new coats so you'll be prepared!
This Jack coat is a must have, the puckered sleeves are too cute! And suprisingly, you can actually wear it with a prego belly!
New Moss Green from BB Dakota... perfect high colar for those brisk walks from the car to your destination.
Heather Grey Belted Coat from BB Dakota. This coat is oh so soft; seriously!
People say adults are too old to dress up, but why not get a coat to show your Halloween spirit :)
Cute! Hazel brand is a favorite @ Soel. Come see all of the new things we received in this shipment.
Perfect for weather thats not too hot and not too cold. "Just a light Jacket!"
-Kylee and Amy< Return to Product Page
Overall Rating:
Customer Reviews
Glossy White Collapsible Gift Boxes
Overall Rating:
Customer Reviews
Glossy White Collapsible Gift Boxes 18 18
Love them I LOVE these boxes. Use them for Christmas. No tape required, just add a ribbon and you are set. Will definitely order these again!!! No regrets here whatsoever. December 18, 2014
Perfect for customer gifts We used this to ship a bottle of wine and an electric wine bottle opener and it looked very nice. May 12, 2014
Not just for gifts I bought a couple of these boxes to store some collectable items and they work perfectly. They are constructed really well and the glossy finish looks nice! April 25, 2014
High quality box Ordered these before. Highest quality I can find on line and instores April 22, 2014
Great sturdy as a gift box Well constructed, great presentation, pristine finish, made the best gift box for a wedding present. You can keep heirlooms here, materials will not allow yellowing. April 11, 2014
The Perfect Box! The construction of this box is great -- very sturdy, and excellent finish on the outside. My daughter used one (along with other boxes from the Container Store) to build a White House for a school project. Everyone was impressed! March 20, 2014
Great gift box Very attractive and sturdy box. Didn't have to wrap. March 14, 2014
Great presentation box! This box is very spacious and sturdy, and is perfectly glossed with a magnetic closure. It's perfect for our presentation gifts and would be great for gift-giving. Great idea to give a child as well to decorate themselves!! August 19, 2013
Perfect box! I wanted to get a few matching boxes and fill them with goodies for my bridesmaids! These are absolutely perfect in size, and are super easy to decorate. I will be back for more! LOVE the container store! April 8, 2013
My "go-to" gift box! These are great for any gift-giving occasion. Just add a ribbon or a bow and you've got a beautiful, professional looking gift. March 13, 2013
love it..gift it -save it.. bought this item last week, to gift wrap a pretty ladies wallet. i ended up buying 2 because they are so attractive. use for storage or gifting. April 1, 2012
Great product. This is a great product, i'm very happy with the quality and the glossy finish of the box. it adds a touch of elegance. February 24, 2012
Great Gift Box This box makes things look very professional for me. It closes the deal. September 20, 2011-18 of 18Port of Houston Authority facilities resumed normal operations at all terminals yesterday in the aftermath of Hurricane Ike. PHA was granted U.S. Coast Guard clearance
From Program Executive Office Ships Public Affairs
Supervisor of officially accepted delivery of Freedom (LCS 1) on behalf of the Navy from the Lockheed Martin/Marinette
Current measures to prevent and reduce marine debris are inadequate, and the problem will likely worsen, says a new congressionally mandated report from the National Research Council.
From the Navy News Service
1776 - John Paul Jones sails into , and attacks British fishing fleet.
1943 - destroyers and landing craft land Australian troops at .
From Naval Sea Systems Command Public Affairs
The U.S. Navy officially transferred the decommissioned research submarine ex-Dolphin (AGSS 555) to the Maritime
From Naval Sea Systems Command Public Affairs
Supervisor of Salvage and Diving (SUPSALV), a directorate of Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA) in Washington, managed
Arcade Acquisition Corp. announced that it has entered into a series of agreements pursuant to which it has agreed to acquire ten (10) feeder service containerships (with a total capacity of 21,
All American Marine, Inc. recently launched a high speed vessel that has the potential to become the newest icon in After several years of planning and preparation,
USNS Carl Brashear, which will be the newest ship in the U.S. Navy's Lewis and Clark-class of dry cargo/ammunition ships, was christened and launched during a morning ceremony Sept.The Elk River Pioneers took a 16-5 drubbing from St. Michael on Friday night in a game where the winner would clinch advancement to next week’s super-regional.
The Pioneers (16-10), by virtue of starting the Section 2 playoffs with two wins, have another chance to advance on Sunday when they play whichever team survives Saturday’s sudden-death round — Albertville, Big Lake, Champlin or Anoka — starting 1 p.m. The top two teams in the eight-team tournament advance.
The team had a key setback Wednesday evening when pitcher Ben Hendrickson turned his left ankle at the end of a practice when he slipped on the tarp while running behind home plate. Henrickson had pitched a 2-1 win over Anoka last Sunday. The former Milwaukee Brewer who joined the team this year after three years out of pro ball had a 2-2 record, 2.19 ERA, and 67 strikeouts in 41 innings. In addition to his two wins, the team won three other games he started and lost another 1-0.
When Hendrickson showed up on crutches before the game, the team knew he wasn’t available.
St. Michael collected 19 hits — two doubles, 17 singles — against Josh Juntunen, Jim Brown and Lance Johnson. Juntunen took the loss, giving up 12 runs (eight earned) in 3 1/3 innings. Brown gave up two runs in 2 2/3 innings and Johnson one run in one inning.
Blake Schirmers was 3-for-5 with five RBI for St. Michael. Bobby Kneefe (three RBI) and Carl Sorenson were each 4-for-5.
For the Pioneers, Corey Kaminski was 2-for-3 with a double and three runs, and Tucker Morrell 1-for-2 plus two walks and scored three runs.
Mitch Bauer of St. Michael threw five innings, giving up five runs, and to the win. Al Frank pitched two shutout innings.The old Boral quarry, located on private property at Mt Gravatt East, is being used by trespassers as a playground to swim, cliff dive - even parasail. Photo: Supplied
A quarry-turned-illegal swimming hole in Brisbane's south could be exposing swimmers to potentially dangerous mineral levels and acidic water.
The old Boral quarry, located on private property on Pine Mountain Road at Mt Gravatt East, is frequently being used by trespassers as a playground to swim, cliff dive and even parasail.
Brisbane Deputy Mayor Adrian Schrinner said people needed to realise it was unsafe to trespass or swim in the disused quarry.
"Boral was required to carry out water testing a number of years ago and the water was found to be unsuitable for human contact," he said.
"It is my understanding that the water has been affected by minerals leaching out of the rocks and that the water may cause skin irritation for some individuals. If the water is accidentally ingested, it may also make people sick."
A Brisbane City Council report showed the water had a pH level of about 3.3, which was highly acidic, and also contained traces of metals "in excess of acceptable levels" and low nutrient levels.
Cr Schrinner said he believed the majority of trespassers knew they were not permitted to enter the quarry.
"Kids will be kids, however, the key issue here is one of safety," he said.
"The trespassers should take a few moments to ask themselves if they want to risk spending the rest of their life in a wheelchair.
"They need to accept some personal responsibility for their own actions. If they knowingly trespass and put themselves in danger, it would be wrong to blame Boral if they are injured."
Cr Schrinner, who is also the local councillor for the area, said several residents had raised their concerns with him about people accessing the site.
"I have kept the quarry owners, Boral, and the local police informed about these complaints," he said.
Bulimba Creek Catchment Co-ordinating Committee member Wayne Cameron said Boral had to regularly replace the fences, locks and chains on the gates because they were often being cut with bolt cutters.
"Boral has over 60 warning signs at the site saying 'untreated water and trespassing on private property' as well as perimeter fencing," he said.
"There is consistent break ins into the quarry according to Boral and we have seen people come past our property as well, so people are definitely going into the property on a regular basis."
A Boral spokeswoman said the company was "extremely concerned" about trespassers on its land and urged the public to "stop this illegal and unsafe activity".
"The water quality is not managed to ensure suitability for swimming," she said in a statement.
The Boral spokeswoman said it was important for parents, in particular, to be aware that if their children are illegally accessing the site that they may be at risk.
"Riding bikes on the site and swimming in the quarry lake are particularly dangerous activities," she said.
Mr Cameron said Boral had security guards patrolling the area once a month to check the perimeter fencing and fix any damage that had been done to it.
"They have security guards patrolling the area every two weeks on school holidays and every month during normal periods to stop illegal access points," he said.
"Boral cant do much more than they have already done, they have followed legal and security requirements, but if people want to break in they will break in regardless."
Mr Cameron said one of the causes of the problem could be that there was not enough recreational activities available to young people in Brisbane's outer suburbs.
"There is a lack of social structure in some suburbs in Brisbane, and not a lot for young people to do so that's why the quarry is so attractive to them," he said.
The Boral spokeswoman said the company had asked for the community's co-operation to "to report any suspicious activities around the Pine Mountain Road.Resources
Browse by:
INVENTOR
PATENT HOLDER
PATENT NUMBER
DATE
Magnetic field generator
Image Number
Pet grooming brush and vacuum attachment
Measuring current and resistance using combined diodes/resistor structure to monitor integrated circuit manufacturing process variations
Monitoring heap in real-time by a mobile agent to assess performance of virtual machine
Arrangements and method relating to communication bearers
Method and apparatus for information exchange over a web based environment
Output circuit
Pressure washer
Randomly Featured Patents
Photomask used by photolithography and a process of producing same
Method for producing entrapping immobilization pellets, apparatus for producing the same, and entrapping immobilization pellets
Process for the purification of sulfuric acid by-product from boron trifluoride synthesis
Discharge methods and electrodes for generating plasmas at one atmosphere of pressure, and materials treated therewith
Protocol for risk stratification of ischemic events and optimized individualized treatment
Antimicrobial theta defensins and methods of using same
Method and apparatus for frequency tracking in a space time transmit diversity receiver
Orthogonal code division multiplexing for twisted pair channels
Spray controlling vehicle splash guard
Field-effect transistor and method for manufacturing a field-effect transistor- Therapists
- Universities
- Resources
- Learning Center
- Therapy Tips
- Evidence
- Articles
- For Families
- ICE News
International Clinical Educators (ICE) is the leading innovator and provider of high-quality continuing education and creative educational resources for healthcare professionals and educators. Through the ICE Learning Center, therapists can earn CEUs and over 300 colleges and universities can use our streaming videos and courses on DVD in the classroom. All of our programs are professionally filmed and feature actual patients and clinicians demonstrating practical and effective treatment ideas. Founder Jan Davis, MS, OTR/L is an internationally recognized leader in providing clinical training to occupational therapists, physical therapists and assistants.
What's New
- -ICE partners with MedBridge to offer the BEST ONLINE CEU platform for OTs and PTs.
- -Our three courses are now available for purchase through the American Occupational Therapy Association (AOTA).
- -Everything must be received BEFORE November 15, 2014."Let’s put another coin in the jukebox," shouted Jon Bon Jovi. On cue, the pianist in his backing band, the Kings of Suburbia, pounded out the descending riff of Bob Seger’s nostalgic "Old Time Rock and Roll" — and the audience at the Count Basie Theatre in Red Bank cheered in recognition and delight.
By the end of the first verse, Bon Jovi was dancing, arms raised and eyes closed, with a backing singer; by the second chorus, the five members of the Kings of Suburbia horn section had left the bandstand for the lip of the stage and were blaring away with the brass bells of their instruments pointed directly at the vocal microphones. The group outsourced the final chorus to a crowd happy to oblige with a raucous sing-along. That’s what they were there for — they’d come to dance and sing and clap their hands over their heads at the prompting of their hero, and to get a rare chance to see Bon Jovi in a modest-sized theater.
They also came for a good cause. As is often true of Bon Jovi’s local solo shows, Wednesday night’s appearance at the Basie was a benefit for a favorite cause. The singer, who has increasingly dedicated himself to philanthropy over the past decade, came to Red Bank to raise money for the Parker Family Health Center, a local nonprofit clinic that extends medical services to the uninsured. He held his charity concert just a few blocks east of the JBJ Soul Kitchen — a restaurant, run by his foundation, that gives food free of charge in exchange for volunteer work. "What About Now," his most recent album with his band Bon Jovi, took social justice and perseverance in hard times as its central concern; Red Bank is one of several places where the veteran rocker is putting his money where his mouth is.
Yet he did not speak much about hard times, preferring instead to — in his own rock ’n’ roll idiom — turn up the heat with a two-hour set of classic rock covers and reworked originals. How different this was from his 2011 benefit for the Parker Family Health Center at the Starland Ballroom in Sayreville. At that show, he led a similar big band through another procession of covers and originals, but the tone was subdued, his mood was colored by the gravity of the crisis facing New Jersey’s poorest residents, and he talked often of the pressing need for the Red Bank clinic.
That show climaxed with a somber, minor-key rendition of "Livin’ on a Prayer," Bon Jovi’s signature song, that emphasized the desperation of the characters Tommy and Gina rather than their defiance. Wednesday’s "Prayer" was similarly arranged — Bon Jovi declined to reach for the high notes on the chorus and chose to sing the song without the muscle of a rhythm section. Nevertheless, the tone was different: brighter, bolder, more upbeat, commensurate with a rollicking concert that put entertainment first and social message a distant second.
Bon Jovi has often spoken of his admiration for the Asbury Jukes and their rambunctious frontman Southside Johnny. In his solo performances, freed from the hard-rock demands of his main gig, he frequently attempts to channel the Southside spirit. Like the Jukes, the 14-piece Kings of Suburbia swung between barroom stomp (Nick Lowe’s "What’s So Funny ’Bout Peace, Love and Understanding," a song most associated with Elvis Costello) and roughneck R&B (the Showstoppers’ "Ain’t Nothin’ But a House Party," Wilson Pickett’s "634-5789"), and Jukes lead guitarist and frequent Bon Jovi sideman Bobby Bandiera helped tug several Bon Jovi originals toward the Southside, including "We Got it Going On" (a sing-along number from the "Lost Highway" album) and the indestructible "Bad Medicine," which was buoyed by the brass and backing singers.
Thus it was no surprise to anybody when Southside Johnny himself emerged from the theater’s wings. Bon Jovi introduced him as "the reason I do what I do," and turned the stage over to him for a mid-set Ray Charles tribute that included versions of "Night Time Is the Right Time" and "What’d I Say." This was, predictably, tougher and bluesier than the rest of the show, and gave the main attraction a needed breather. Southside stuck around to shake a tambourine and sing backup on a horn-spiked version of "The Letter" by the Box Tops, and returned during the lengthy encore set to sing a duet version of "Talk to Me" with the star.
Bon Jovi also stepped, rather gleefully, outside of his comfort zone, covering several songs few would have associated with him. He delivered a swaggering, if not particularly nuanced, rendition of Leonard Cohen’s "I’m the Man," and attempted Freddie Mercury with more enthusiasm and good humor than success on a finger-snapping "Under Pressure." He turned over the lead vocals of the Who’s "Baba O’Riley" to Bandiera, and stood back and struck Pete Townshend-style power chords on an electric guitar as violinist Lorenza Ponce brought down the house with her lead. Most revealingly, he closed the show with a folk-pop version of "American Pie," which, despite its length, he refused to abridge. Bon Jovi sang it like he’d been impersonating Don McLean in his car for years — every inflection and cadence was taken directly from the source.
This was a glimpse of Jon Bon Jovi the music fan — a more complicated character than his straightforward and increasingly serious regular band allows him to project. It is possible that even those who have been following him for years learned something new about him on Wednesday. For a singer who has, like most veteran rock performers, occasionally disappeared into a caricature of himself, it must have felt like a relief to be surrounded by friends, in a handsome theater, in a town he cares deeply about. It must have felt good to let the music do the talking.This costume is perfect for historical plays and theater performances. Don this awesome Mark Antony and relive the life of one of the most storied of all Romans. Cleopatra will kneel at your feet when you wear this costume, which features a burgundy robe tunic, matching white and burgundy drape cape, and the wreath headband in golden laurel design.
Fits adult sizes up to 44.
SandalsThere are varying opinions about the amount of raw food to feed, and the amount
can vary:
Feeding Guidelines:
For Dogs: Feed approximately 2-3% of your dog’s weight daily, and
split this between two meals. For example, a 50 lb. dog would need ½ to ¾ of a lb.
PER MEAL. A very active or working dog may need more. A less active
“couch-potato” dog may need less.
For Cats: pet:
First , take your pet's weight in pounds and multiply by:
.02 (inactive/need to lose weight)
.025 (normal activity/maintain current weight) or
.
Check the portion sizes of commercial raw food to see which comes in portions
that best suit your pet's needs. For example, some raw food comes in 2lb chubs and others in 8oz patties. If your pet needs one pound of food per day,
you could give two patties, or ½ of a chub. For small pets, many guardians
prefer medallions or nuggets, which are usually 1 oz. portions that are
extremely easy to thaw and serve.
Puppies, Kittens & pregnant or nursing females:
Feed at least 5% of body weight daily (about ¼ lb per 10 lbs. of body weight). This can be split into at least 2 and preferably 3 meals per day.
Transitioning
The length of your pet’s transition process to raw food will depend on their
overall health, digestive issues, and how “finicky” they may be.
A healthy dog with no signs of digestive issues (chronic vomiting or
diarrhea/loose stools) could be transitioned within a week by just gradually adding more raw food
and less of the original food to each meal.
Cats may take longer since they tend to be more discriminating about their
food and can become habituated to dry food in particular. Cats on dry food only
should be transitioned to 2 meals per day of canned food first, then slowly transitioned
to raw starting with as little as ¼ - ½ teaspoon of raw mixed in with their canned food
and gradually increasing the amount of raw over the course of 2-3 weeks or more. Some cats may prefer the raw on its.
For more information on feeding raw food diets, please see the following
articles in our Holistic Healthcare Library:
All About Raw Food
Safety of Raw Meat Diets!This Day in History
August 10, 1911
Computer Inventor Rajchman Born
Jan Rajchman, who made many important contributions to electronic computing hardware, is born in England. After earning a degree from the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, Rajchman took a job with RCA, where he began work with Vladimir Zworykin on an electron multiplier. He is probably the inventor of the scintillation counter, a device widely used in physics research, and consulted at the Moore School (University of Pennsylvania) working with ENIAC inventors Eckert and Mauchly while there. One of his most interesting (though commercially impractical) inventions was the "Selectron" tube memory shown here, a device he invented for John von Neumann's IAS computer project at Princeton and used, for a brief time, on the Johnniac machine at RAND.
Rajchman became director of RCA's Computer Laboratory until the company left the business, spent a year at UC Berkeley, and then became a private industry consultant.
Rajchman died April 1, 1989.Floor Plan: The Pecan Valley T360G5 or 30603P
3 Bedrooms, 2 Baths, 1,800 Sq. Ft.
- Exterior Dimensions: 60 X 30
- Floor Plans >>
- More Details >>
- Downloads (Links open as PDF)
- Floor Plan Sheet (152 KB)
- Family of Plans Information (641 KB)
Photos / Videos
Optional double French doors to home office or parent's retreat - The Pecan Valley KHT360G5 by Palm Harbor Homes
The open living area in the Pecan Valley III leads into the dining area. Ask about our special accent wall painting applications to make your decor pop!
The front living room entry features an attractive Austin stone fireplace that is perfect for stockings at Christmas and sets the tone for an inviting Southern lifestyle.
The living room flows naturally into the dining area which is joined with the kitchen through the attractive, durable and easy-to-clean flooring that gives character to the entire space in the Pecan Valley III.
This gorgeous kitchen in the Pecan Valley III features a built-in buffet with storage and overhead cabinets as well as a large, walk-in pantry with a glass opaque door.
The spacious island kitchen is open to the eat-in dining area for great entertaining and family living in the Pecan Valley III.
The large island in the Pecan Valley III provides great prep area, an eat-in bar feature, cookbook storage, veggie sink and be sure to ask about that gorgeous granite counter top!
A look at the spacious dining room! The open french doors behind the table lead to a office (or whatever you'd like it to be) which also connects to the master bedroom :)
Here it is... off the master bedroom and dining area is a wonderful home office or retreat with built in shelving and desk area. The beautiful french doors open to the dining area for easy access.
Split from the other bedrooms and baths, the large master bedroom provides plenty of room for a king size bed and side tables, dressers and a television area in this Pecan Valley III.
The large master bedroom provides a wonderful on-suite bath to round out this wonderful master suite in the Pecan Valley III.
_12<<
The massive master closet in the Pecan Valley III provides room for hanging clothes, shoes, and off-season clothes as well. The heavy-duty shelving is included.
> in the Pecan Valley III..
Everyone will be wanting to watch their favorite sporting even in this cozy room with built in entertainment center!
The Pecan Valley III has a large utility area off of the kitchen with plenty of room for a full sized washer and drier. Features a built in mop-sink and storage near the back door area.
Details
Model Details
- Square Footage:
- 1,800
- Bedrooms:
- 3
- Bathrooms:
- 2
- Living Areas:
- 1
- Dining Areas:
- 2
- Stories:
- 1
- Exterior Dimensions:
- 60 X 30
- Building Method:
- Modular or Manufactured
Downloads (Links open as PDF)
- Floor Plan Sheet (152 KB)
- Family of Plans Information (641 KB)
Features
- Island kitchen
- Huge living room
- Parent's retreat - Standard
- This can typically be built as a manufactured or a modular home
Available From
12000 Jacksboro Hwy
Ft. Worth, TX 76135
(817) 237-4300 - phone
Important Product Disclaimer
The sidewalk on the Philip J. Fahy Memorial (New Street) Bridge over the Lehigh River in Bethlehem was closed Aug. 27. A routine inspection of the bridge was performed and analysis of the data showed deterioration to portions of the steel supporting the sidewalk. There is also deterioration to several concrete slabs.
UPDATE: Starting Wednesday, Oct. 19, a contractor will begin installing 1,466 linear feet of concrete barrier along the right northbound travel lane of the bridge. This work is expected to last three-to-four business days, weather permitting. During this work, the bridge will be restricted to one lane in the northbound direction and motorists should expect delays and use caution traveling through the work zone.
The area behind the barrier will indefinitely serve as a passageway for pedestrians wishing to walk across the bridge and provide protection for pedestrians from motor vehicles.
After the installation of the barrier is complete, motorists should be alert for narrow travel lanes in the two northbound lanes. The lanes will be narrowed to accommodate the new pedestrian access.
Also, there will be a stop condition implemented on the ramp from Columbia Street onto the bridge that will remain indefinitely (currently there is a yield condition).Copyright © 2015, The Morning CallSir Charles, Alias Willie Harris offers a tripled image, its single subject captured as if in a time-lapse. Whether with eyes closed meditatively (on the left) or gazing into space (on the right), Sir Charles is alternately thoughtful and vigilant. More than life-size, this imposing figure clearly signals 1970s fashion, pop culture, and the assertion of black identity in the generation following the civil rights era. Barkley Hendricks casts his friends, lovers, family members, and men and women he meets on the street as portrait subjects. Stark and monumental against a monochromatic ground, his portraits fix acutely on the individuality and self-expression of his subjects.
Hendricks has said that a painting he saw in 1966 while visiting the National Gallery of Art in London—a portrait by Flemish master Anthony van Dyck featuring a red velvet coat—was a point of departure for this work. Intending to make a replica of the Van Dyck image, Hendricks received permission to paint as a copyist in the museum. But once in the process, he realized he could not copy another artist's work, "no matter how much I like it," he said. Years later he painted Sir Charles with Van Dyck's red coat in mind. Other writers have likened Sir Charles to the iconic three graces—artistic muses (usually female) as portrayed by European old masters such as Botticelli and Rubens in three different attitudes, one usually with her back toward the viewer. It might be said that Hendrick's artistic muses relate to classical Western art history as well as sources personal to the artist.
Hendricks, who was born in Philadelphia, studied there at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts and earned BFA and MFA degrees from Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut. Since 1972 he has taught at Connecticut College in New London. The recipient of numerous awards and recognitions, he has exhibited his work at the Lyman Allyn Art Museum at Connecticut College; the Whitney Museum of American Art, New York; and the Studio Museum in Harlem, New York. The Nasher Museum of Art at Duke University organized a career retrospective of Hendricks' work, Barkley Hendricks: Birth of the Cool, to travel from 2008 through 2010 to the Studio Museum, Harlem; the Santa Monica Museum of Art; the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts; and the Contemporary Arts Museum, Houston.
Full Screen Image
Artist Information
Bibliography
Exhibition History
Inscription
Provenance
help | search | site map | contact us | privacy | terms of use | press | NGA Images | home |
2008
National Gallery of Art, Washington, DCDepth a factor for Lady Lions
Sunday, December 16, 2012
It’s a tough task to compete in varsity basketball without any substitutes. It’s just about impossible when your starting five includes three freshmen.
That’s the predicament the Calvary Lutheran Lady Lions are currently facing. The shorthanded squad dropped a 77-8 decision to Climax Springs on Saturday afternoon at the Trinity Lutheran gym.
“They knew that coming into it, that it was going to be like that,” Calvary Lutheran coach Jonathan Kueck said of the scenario. “They put their heart and soul into it. These girls are tough to be able to play ....
More like this story
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Please review our Policies and Procedures before registering or commentingCandace Calloway Whiting
Candace Calloway Whiting has studied and trained dolphins, seals, and orca whales. She is currently a volunteer at the Center for Whale Research at Friday Harbor.
Posts filtered on Tag
Southern Resident Orca “Scoter” Hit by Invasive Satellite Tag by NOAA – To What End?
The NOAA announcement: Southern Resident Killer Whale Satellite Tagging, […] [Read More]Thomas E. Charlton to Analisa M. Mackie, both of Saginaw.
Duane L. Chrysler II to Teresa D. Brindley, both of Montrose.
Eric B. Durussel, Munger, to Ollie M. Johnson, Saginaw.
Timothy J. Gray to Trisha M. Barnett, both of Saginaw.
Jason A. Kocinski to Trisha L. Proux, both of Saginaw.
Paul J. Koeppen to Theresa E. Richmond, both of Saginaw.
Michael D. Losee, Saginaw, to Stephanie B. Miller, Freeland.
Christopher T. Lowe to Jamie L. Burkhead, both of Saginaw.
Daniel T. O'Connell, Bridgeport Township, to Lindsay K. Horn, Saginaw.
Jeffrey R. Schluckbier to Theresa M. Alvarez, both of Birch Run.
Jason D. Vasquez to Maribel Vasquez, both of Saginaw.
David J. Zuriel Jr. to Amanda M. Roupe, both of Saginaw.Analysis: Anatomy of delivery protests and their tragic futility
So many civil society organisations and protesting citizens are getting their questions wrong. The solution doesn’t lie in making the government aware of what’s wrong. It is simply that it can’t fix what’s wrong. It is a competency issue, not an awareness one. By SIPHO HLONGWANE.
There is a certain logic to the way that protests happen in South Africa. When people feel that they are not being served correctly, they find ways to force their struggles onto the national agenda. In the old days, when we were so young and naïve as a democracy, holding a couple of public meetings was good enough. You’d get your local political representative to come around. There’d be a photo opportunity, and the promise that things would get better. It is a very sweet idea about how real democracy should work, and perhaps we should have been alerted to the fact that almost no country on earth gets this right.
We had to contend with a bigger beast.
South Africa devolved rapidly into a facsimile of a one-party state where executive authority was hardly accountable to the legislature (and, increasingly, the judiciary) so that by the second decade of the 21st century, the counterbalances that existed outside of the state were becoming increasingly important.
Where the state, the parliament and the courts have not been helping the people, the wronged and forgotten have turned to civil structures.
The civil society, so important to the fight against Apartheid, is strongly reasserting itself in the new dispensation. Its rise is a symptom of both the massive failure of the state, and the misguided faith that the public continue to have for it.
“Thus the most important check on the ANC comes from outside party politics,” the Economist said in a recent check-mate article on South Africa. Economist could have mentioned others. Attached to the shack dwellers’ organisation is the unemployed workers’ union. Since the massacre in Marikana where the police shot 112 people, we have seen efforts to stoke up some kind of a movement there. The Marikana Solidarity Campaign seems most interested in getting answers from the Marikana Commission of Inquiry, while there have also been rumblings of a new workers’ party in the region.
Simply put, organisations that hope to solve a societal problem by alerting the state to it are bound to fail because the state’s problem isn’t one of awareness – it is one of capacity. The rapidly escalating service delivery protests over the last eight years are strong evidence of that. When Jesse James and his posse ride into town, there is no point in alerting the sheriff if his bullets are blanks, as it were.
The Marikana Commission of Inquiry is one blatant example of the cracks in this theory of government reciprocity to protest action. Over the last weeks, we have heard cases of gross police incompetence (or if your mind is made up on the issue: the perversion of the ends of justice). Do not forget that this is an arm of the state. (Even if commission chairman Judge Ian Farlam were to come down from 100 miles up on the state in the mess, like we increasingly believe he should, that report would still end up on the desk of one President Jacob Zuma. What he would do with it would be up to his discretion.)
The shack dwellers’ movement hopes that it can make the government deliver housing to those who need it, quicker. The unemployed workers’ union hopes that the unemployed will find work quicker through government action.
But can the government deliver at all?
In the 2004/2005 financial year, there were about 6,000 recorded instances of service delivery protest. That would be about 16 every day for the entire year. If areas were counted, there were 10 in 2004 – this escalated to about 111 in 2010.
Professor Peter Alexander of the University of Johannesburg said, “As many commentators and activists now accept, service-delivery protests are part of a broader ‘rebellion of the poor’. This rebellion is massive. I have not yet found any other country where there is a similar level of ongoing urban unrest. South Africa can reasonably be described as the ‘protest capital of the world’.”
This indicates a catastrophic failure on the part of the government, and it is everywhere, from textbooks not getting delivered in Limpopo to a boy in KwaZulu Natal suffering serious brain damage because the local health MEC was swanning about in the only available helicopter.
The people within civil society who have correctly diagnosed the real problem and are actually taking steps to rectify it are the Democratic Socialist Movement of South Africa, whose ultimate aim is to form a workers’ party of some stripe. Its representatives were quick on the draw in the Marikana crisis, organising workers just days after the 16 August massacre. (Organising against the ANC government, obviously.)
Unsurprisingly, the workers’ party has been a thorn in the side of the ruling party for many decades now, because it rejected the “umbrella body” policy for one which saw the working class organising politically as a separate entity.
Whatever one may think of DSM's politics or leanings, they are working to replace the government. Whether they would be successful in turning the putrid South African state into an effective welfare and delivery machine is anyone’s guess, but they are at least asking the right questions.
The question is whether they can take this new thought onto the national stage. The immediate answer is no, they can’t. Not in the next five years at least, thanks to the outlandish brutality that the police have displayed towards the supposed leaders of the unprotected strikes that have hit right at the heart of South Africa’s economic backbone. There is just no safe way for anyone to unite the strikes into one powerful political force.
The Marikana approach to service delivery protests by the police (which was already used much earlier, such as in the death of Andries Tatane) does not bode well for people resorting to extreme measures in hopes of better service delivery. The state is content to keep providing spotty services to those who can do with such (read: those rich enough to pay the private sector to fill the gaps) while violently putting down the revolts of the rest. It is the makings of a severely broken state, and we’re already on the second page of the recipe book.
The problem with South Africa’s government is not that it doesn’t know what is wrong in the country. It is that in its current incarnation, even if the best of wills, it can’t solve much. DM
Photo: Township residents, armed with rocks, clash with police during protests over the delivery of basic housing and education near Ermelo, 200 km (120 miles) east of Johannesburg, February 15, 2011. Local media reported that one resident was killed but the police would not confirm or deny the report. REUTERS/Mike Hutchings[ [read more]
[JUR [read more]
[JUR [read more]
[JUR [read more]
[JUR [read more]
[JURIST] A Kosovo court on Wednesday began trial of three former Kosovo Liberation Army (KLA) members accused of committing war crimes during the 1998-1999 Balkan ethnic conflicts [BBC backgrounder; JURIST news archive]. The trial, being held in the Kosovo's District Court of Prishtina, involves a mixed team made up of [read more]
[JURIST] A commission created by the French National Assembly [official websites, in French] began hearings Wednesday to consider whether to enact laws banning the wearing of burqas [JURIST news archive] or other "full veils." The commission heard testimony from anthropologist Dounia Bouzar [video, in French; TIME profile] who suggested that [read more]
[JUR [read more]
[JUR [read more]
[JUR], [read more]
[JUR [read more]
[JUR [read more]A Johnson City man was arrested Friday after crashing a car he was driving while traveling at high speed, police said.
According a police news release, Tonio Regalado, 19, 408 Winter Haven Drive, was charged with vehicular assault, reckless driving and four counts of reckless endangerment, after speeding on Ridgemont Road, losing control of his vehicle and crashing it into a utility pole.
Police said Regalado and his front-seat passenger were taken to Johnson City Medical Center for treatment of injuries and two other passengers were treated for their injuries at the scene.
Regalado was taken to the Washington County Detention Center and was being held on $15,000 bond. He is scheduled to appear in Sessions Court on Monday at 1:30 p.m.Mac Pros allegedly causing leukemia
Next Story
For some reason, Dell and Paramount are preloading PCs with Iron Man themselves haven’t released any retort or recall as of yet, but one thing is for damn sure: PC fanboys now have a whole new angle of attacking Mac owners.
Liberation.fr (translated) via zdnet
0
SHARES.
Aiming to address this problem, the researchers have validated the first and only scale in the Spanish tongue which measures pain in the under-threes. With this tool, called 'Llanto' (an acronym for Spanish words meaning crying, attitude, breathing pattern, postural tone and facial observation), health staff can identify minors who have acute pain after an operation, estimate the intensity of their suffering, and check that the treatment used is effective. ma
'/>"/>Justice Design Group POR-8860-20-MBLK Matte Black Wide Round Flared Pendant from the Limoges Collection
BCI1569117
Offer Ends
Technical Specs
Configure your Justice Design Group POR-8860-20-MBLK Wide Round Flared Pendant from the Limoges Collection
Cord Color more info ▼Please select the desired cord color for this fixture.
Lamping Options
Shade Pattern
Discontinued
Please finish configuring product before adding to cart
Justice Design Group POR-8860 Wide Round Flared
- Wide Round Flared:
- Round Flared (-20): 5" H x 9.25" Dia. (Shade)
Additional Justice Design Group Links
- View Manufacturer Warranty
- Shop All Justice Design Group Products
- Shop All Justice Design Group Limoges Collection Products
Our SKU: POR-8860
This product is listed under the following manufacturer number(s):
-).What parts of the new health care reforms start now?
Most changes are years away, but young adults, retirees and people with medical issues will benefit from the new law this year. (see the timeline on the facing page for key provisions and costs). This mandate is designed to prevent people from gaming the system and signing up for coverage after they get sick, which could boost rates for everyone. Businesses with 50 or more workers that don’t provide insurance by 2014 may have to pay a fee.
If you already have health insurance through your employer, your coverage may not change much. But your wallet may feel the effects. High earners pay higher Medicare taxes starting in 2013. Starting in 2018, insurers will be taxed on a portion of high-cost “Cadillac” health plans. The higher costs will be passed on to companies, which are likely to pass them on to employees or trim coverage to fall below the tax threshold. (Employers must report the value of your health coverage on your Form W-2 starting with the 2011 W-2 you receive in 2012, but that doesn’t mean benefits will be taxed.) The new law made few changes to health savings accounts, which will continue to be an attractive way to set aside tax-free money for medical expenses (see Easing Into Retirement). But contributions to a health-care flexible spending account will be limited to $2,500 starting in 2013. Some small businesses will get tax credits to help provide health-insurance coverage right away, and a few consumer protections will take effect very soon.
Recent grads and young adults. Starting September 23, the law requires insurers to let children stay on their parents’ policies until age 26. But some young adults may still be able to find a better deal. If you have to pay extra to keep your child covered on your policy, compare the cost with buying individual coverage — in most states, a healthy twentysomething can buy health insurance for less than $150 per month. Get quotes at eHealthInsurance.com.
If you don’t have to pay extra to cover your grad or if your child has health issues, keeping him or her on your policy wins out. Make sure your child qualifies as a dependent under your policy and lives in an area covered by your policy. Thirty states already have laws requiring insurers to let kids stay on their parents’ policies until their mid or late twenties, and those states may continue to have more-generous eligibility criteria than the federal law (see for links to state insurance departments).
In other states, this year’s new grads may need to find coverage until the new rule kicks in. They may temporarily stay on their parents’ policy through COBRA or look for their own policy.
People with medical issues. Although the new law forbids insurers from denying children with preexisting conditions dependent coverage under their parents’ plan starting September 23, older Americans with health problems have to wait until 2014 for guaranteed access. But the law does appropriate $5 billion for a high-risk pool, in effect from June 2010 until 2014, to help people otherwise locked out of the insurance system to buy subsidized policies. The new pool’s policies must cap annual out-of-pocket spending at $5,950 for individual coverage or $11,900 for families (not including premiums), and premiums will be limited.
You need to be uninsured for at least six months to qualify for the new pool, a stricter requirement than some state pools impose now. States and the federal government are determining how existing state pools will interact with the new pool. If you have health issues — whether or not you currently have coverage — contact your state insurance department to find out what your options are. Go to for state contacts, or for more resources.
Medicare beneficiaries. People who have Medicare Part D prescription-drug coverage will automatically receive a $250 rebate check this year if they reach the “doughnut hole.” In 2010, the gap in coverage begins after you reach $2,830 in total prescription-drug spending and extends until your total drug costs for the year reach $6,440.
Starting in 2011, the doughnut hole will begin to shrink. Drug companies will provide a 50% discount on brand-name drugs in the coverage gap next year. After that, Part D beneficiaries will pay a smaller portion of their drug costs in the doughnut hole each year until 2020, when they have to pay just 25% of those costs.
Also in 2011, individuals who earn more than $85,000 (or $170,000 if married filing jointly) will have to pay a high-income surcharge for Part D premiums, as they do for Part B. And the government will start to reduce subsidies to Medicare Advantage plans next year, which could cause some private plans to raise premiums, reduce coverage or shut down.Dell Reports Q3 Results
ROUND ROCK, Texas -- Dell (NASDAQ:DELL - News) today reported results for its third quarter of fiscal year 2008, with revenue up nine percent year-over-year to a record $15.6 billion, operating income up 13 percent to $829 million and earnings per share of $0.34, a 26 percent increase over the prior year.
Cash from operations totaled $1 billion, while cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter were $14.6 billion. The company plans to resume its share repurchase program in early December.
We embarked this year on a long-term strategy to re-ignite growth and our Q3 results indicate were making solid progress through investments in five key business priorities consumer, emerging countries, notebooks, enterprise and small/medium business, said Michael Dell, chairman and CEO. Initiatives to simplify IT will drive innovation across all industries, creating new value for customers and shareholders. For consumers we will continue to launch products that set the bar for design, personalization, and price performance and we will make them available in more places than ever before.
Dell Inc.U.S. News Again
Lists Centenary College Among South's Top 10 in "America's Best Colleges"
Survey; No. 6 "Best Value"
SHREVEPORT, LA -- For the 12th consecutive year, U.S. News and World
Report lists Centenary College of Louisiana among "America's Best
Colleges." This year Centenary is among the Top 10 in
the South in the listing of "Best Universities-Master's," formerly called "Regional Colleges and Universities"
In a separate listing of "Great Schools at Great Prices," U.S. News ranked Centenary at No. 6 among the South's top 14 "Best Values."
Last year, Centenary was 12th in the overall ranking and first in the Best
Value list.
The magazine released its annual America's Best Colleges survey
Thursday evening (Sept. 6) on its website ().
Centenary is listed 10th among the Top 33 Southern universities-master's,
based on 16 measures of excellence, in the magazine's Sept. 17, 2001 issue
and in the 2002 edition of the U.S. News guidebook, America's
Best Colleges. Both will be available on newsstands Sept.
10.
To determine rankings, U.S. News & World Report looks at
colleges' academic reputation, retention rate, faculty resources, student
selectivity, financial resources, graduation rate performance, and alumni
giving. For its "Best Values, " U.S. News relates a school's quality
ranking with the net cost to a student who receives the average
level of financial aid.
Centenary President Kenneth L. Schwab said the continued national
recognition underscores Centenary's reputation for excellence, an outstanding faculty and staff, and a student-centered environment.
"Again, we are pleased that a national audience will be reminded that
Centenary 41 majors in its Natural Sciences, Social Sciences and Humanities
divisions.
Other Louisiana schools named to the top lists for the South were Loyola
University in fourth place in the "Best Universities-Master's" list
and
11th in the "Best Values" rankings, and Xavier University of Louisiana
in 21st place in the "Best Universities-Master's." Both are located
in
New Orleans.
The following are schools named "Best Values, Universities-Master's,
South" by U.S. News:
1. Mississippi University for
Women
2. Spaulding University (KY)
3. Converse College (SC)
4. Meredith College (NC)
4. University of Richmond (VA)
6. CENTENARY COLLEGE OF LOUISIANA
6. Rollins College (FL)
8. Stetson University (FL)
9. Mississippi College
10. Freed-Hardeman University (TN)
11. Loyola University New Orleans
11. Murray State University (KY)
11. Queens College (NC)
14. Carson-News College (TN)
14. Spring Hill College (AL)
The "Best Universities-Master's, South," list follows:
1. University of Richmond (VA)
2. James Madison University (VA)
2. Rollins College (FL)
4. Stetson University (FL)
5. Samford University (AL)
6. The Citadel (SC)
6. Loyola University New Orleans
8. Mercer University (GA)
9. Elon University (NC)
10. CENTENARY COLLEGE OF LOUISIANA
10. Meredith College (NC)
12. Appalachian State University (NC)
12. Wheeling Jesuit University (WV)
14. Converse College (SC)
15. Spring Hill College (AL)
16. Belmont University (TN)
16. College of Charleston (SC)
18. Bellarmine University (KY)
18. Murray State University (KY)
18. University of North Carolina-Charlotte
21. Mary Baldwin College (VA)
21. University of North Carolina-Wilmington
21. Xavier University of Louisiana
24. Harding University (AR)
24. Queens College (NC)
24. Winthrop University (SC)
27. Hampton University (VA)
28. Christian Brothers University (TN)
28. Mississippi University for Women
28. Tuskegee University (AL)
31. Embry Riddle Aeronautical (FL)
31. Mississippi College
33. David Lipscomb University (TN)
33. Longwood College (VA)
33. Tennessee Technological University
33. Union University (TN)
33. University of Tampa (FL)
33. University of Tennessee-Chattanooga
- 30 -Legal Question in Wills and Trusts in California
wills and probate
My father has recently passed away. My stepmother 'supposedly' was named executer of my father's will. Nobody else in the family has seen the will. She just told us what it says. She says she doesn't want to probate it. What is probate and does a will have to be probated for the distribution of my father's assets? Can she not probate it? I live in one state and my father lived in another, can I probate it in my state? How much does it cost to probate a will? Can't my father's lawyer just send copies of the will to the heirs and be done with it? Can I get a copy of the will from my father's lawyer? I don't know what to do. My stepmother gave me my dad's ring that she said was my dad's wish and my brother got his tools and a grandfather clock she said was his. All that is supposedly left is the two properties that were left to us, and we have been told which belongs to which of us by our stepmother. She says there's nothing else. Don't get me wrong, I don't want more or anything like that; it just doesn't feel right somehow that the will wasn't read to us by the lawyer while we were all there.
6 Answers from Attorneys
wills and probate
Since I'm not licensed in your state I am only saying what the general rule is in most jurisdictions, but to be certain the applicable law, you still need to speak with an attorney licensed there.Your question was in part whether a Will really had to be probated instead of just allowing the attorney for the estate to read the heirs the Will and then divide things.Well, probate is still needed because the may be creditors who have claims against the estate and those claims are to be paid first if they are valid. The Will is also supposed to be probated to allow all interested parties to look at it themselves, check the signature, see if a Will they might have in their possession from the decedent was written later, and to check to see if they were named in the Will.Anyone who is an heir at law, or named in the will the executor is refusing to probate, can file a Petition with the Probate Court to FORCE the probate of the estate.Your father's lawyer may or may not send you a copy of the Will if you request it.The cost of probate depends on the size of the estate, how much effort has to be done to collect and inventory assets and account for debts, and how much the heirs and creditors fight with each other; my own fees have ranged from a few hundred dollars to in excess of $30,000.To transfer title on real property from a person who has died to an intended heir normally requires court approval, coming in the probate process.You generally probate an estate in the state and the county where the estate (the real property) was located.
Probate usually required
The following is based on California law:
Sometimes probate, or the most formal probate process, is not required for property passing from one spouse to another spouse.
However, assets passing in other instances generally require probate, and that would be the case here, unless the assets are under a certain value, or were held in joint ownership.
For real estate, the probate is generally opened where the real estate is located.
If a probate is required in your case, your father's will must be filed with the probate court, and you would then have access to a copy of it through the court file. Still, you should request a copy of the will from your father's and/or stepmother's attorney--they may send it to you.
Check with an attorney about your options for starting probate if you don't hear more from your stepmother or her attorney soon.
Private probate processes ...
don't smell right. Unless the probate property (all assets, money AND land) total a very small amount, e.g., under $15,000, there almost certainly must be a probate process, particularly to change the title onthe assets. However, it is possible that the titles had already been changed somehow (for example, made joint tenancy property, with her for the $$, and you and your siblings for each property, probably, or else put into a trust which spells out the distributions as she stated).
I'm guessing that there is a trust involved here; ask your father'slawyer why there's been no probate and perhaps offer to hire him (or someone he recommends) to open a probate estate if it should be done. (Don't suggest the trust to him -- let him bring that up.) Property (assets or land) not titled solely in your dad's nameare not considered to be "probate" property since the title (or anaccompanying trust document), not a will, says where it will go.
Probate, in rough terms, is the court process used to certify thata will is not a forgery, was validly and legally made while the testator still had legal (mental) capacity, is the latest one, etc.It is as I said, almost always required; anyone who has a copy of thewill is required to submit it to the probate court (usually within30 days, but noone really cares) and it is not an option for the holderof the will whether or not to do so. If noone wants to probate a will,then a public administrator is appointed; it's not exactly an optionalprocess (unless there are NO probate assets).
MESSAGE CONTINUED ...
Private probate processes ...
CONTINUATION OF MESSAGE:
Your stepmother probably WAS named executrix (female) of the will. It's the norm for a spouse to be so named. It is possible, by theway, that she is trying to spare you some discomforts -- for example,Dad might have had some nasty parting shots and might even have disinherited you or a sibling on purpose, and step-Ma could be correctingthat. Another possibility is that there was a serious kitty of cash --stocks and bonds, more likely -- from which she gets to live on the interest(and even has some slightly-limited access to principle) for her life, andshe doesn't want you kids drooling over the money while she's alive. I supposeanother possibility is that there's a serious kitty and she's ripping you offor intending to invade corpus (principle) excessively or at least without havingto explain herself to you.
You can hire an attorney to open probate either in the state(county) where Dad died and/or the state where the real estate is located; if they're not the same, the real estate's probateis called "ancillary administration" I believe and pertains onlyto that real estate.
If there are no big fights about the will itself, that may cost as little as a few hundred dollars. But probate has another meaning:the executrix or (if she has declined and continues to decline the job) whoever administers the estate must do an inventory, must trackall income, every expense paid, might have to file federal and state estate tax returns, might have to manage the property (i.e., collectrents, make sure the property meets legal requirements -- for stocksand bonds, make sure that they're not foolishly invested, especiallyto be certain that not all eggs in one --or two few baskets). It can be seriously onerous and therefore expensive, often going into the tens of thousands for a typical million dollarestate.
Ask your father's lawyer to send you a copy of the will. Youprobably have a legal right to it and he has an obligation to supply it to the court if not to you. But no, that doesn't mean you-all can then privately administer the property amongst yourselves.
I can think of one other reason why she'd wish to avoid probate:expense of the final illness, often in the tens of thousands, may cut into the inheritence and she may figure that not opening theprobate estate will sufficiently frustrate the creditors to get them to drop their claim(s). She could be trying to do good for you. Butthat tactic is good only for a few hundred dollars, I belived=.
Clear??
Probate by Stepmother
In my state (NC) probate is a public process that occurs at the clerk's office of the courthouse. Go to your courthouse and ask them if a will must be probated. I would guess that the answer is "yes". You should ask for a copy of the will from your stepmother. If you don't get it in a couple of days hire a lawyer in the location/state where your father died. No, I doubt that you could probate it in your state; you couldn't if he had died in NC, anyway.
Probation of wills
Probate is a court supervised process of collection of assets of adeceased, collection ofdebts, payment of debts, and distribution of remaining assets to heirs orbeneficiaries. Inmost states, only separately owned property is subject to probate. If allassets were ownedjointly, then it is possible that there are no assets subject to a probateproceeding. A will mustbe probated at the domicile of the deceased. Therefore, you cannotprobate in your state.You may file a probate in your father's state even if your stepmotherrefuses. Once you file aprobate you will be entitled to a copy of the will and information aboutassets that are subjectto the court's powers.Team Travel Tip No. 6: Make a List
Before the team leaves town, make sure to create a cell phone list for each parent to carry with them. This is great to have if someone gets lost during travel, changes in game or practice schedules, etc.
Team Travel Tip No. 7: Travel Kit
Make sure that at least one person is responsible to pack a travel kit. Trust me on this: someone will forget something. If you pack just the essentials, this will help cut down on having to make additional purchases. The kit could include a sewing kit, a pair of scissors, extra pairs of game socks, hair ribbons for the girls, etc.
Team Travel Tip No. 8: Your Very own Slush Fund
Create a "contingency fund" by collecting a small amount (say $10) of money from each team member. When the kids are broke or money is lost, you'll be able to provide some needed cash.
Team Travel Tip No. 9: Take a Vacation
Start looking at planning your vacation time now. Oh I know, you don't even know the exact dates of the tournament yet. But, depending on your employer, they may want a 1 or 2 week advance notice.
Also, find out what the policy on taking an "extended" vacation is at your company, maybe without pay. Will they hold your job if you find your young player is going to a World Series and you might be away from work for up to three weeks? Some employers are willing work with you. But with the job situation today, you don't want to take that chance do you? It's better to ask ahead.
Discuss This ArticleHampton Beach Project -- The Riots of 1964 -- Beach Observation Scale
The Riots of 1964 -- Chapter 8
Research Director's Report
Manning Van Nostrand, Director of Research
The Beach Observation Scale is a significant aspect of the research aspect of the Project in that it measures, not attitudes or opinions, but rather actual behavior. There always are so many descriptions of any particular set of behavioral circumstances, particularly one as complex as the summer long behavior in a seaside resort, that it is of particular importance to obtain an objective measure of, or sample of, the behavior that really occurred. Moreover, there is a sense in which the tests of attitude and opinion need to be validated by observation. For example, if the teenagers move toward more permissive attitudes, does their behavior reflect this or do the changes in attitude reflect a more frank approach of the teenager to the interviewer? Also, it is most important for the understanding of the Project and the dynamics surrounding the Project to have some kind of description of the parallel programming done by the various police departments. The police were very much in evidence all summer long. What did they do? Did they really have any effect on the behavior of the young people, or was their presence a kind of balm to the anxieties of the adult population on the Beach? We probably can only answer questions such as this by inference, at best. In summary, then, the Beach Observation provides an objective measure of behavior, and provides the opportunity to check on various other research and programming devices. It is, in brief, a "reality testing" device.
The Beach Observation Scale included some twenty-one behavioral possibilities: clustering (individuals standing around in groups of two to eleven or more), ball throwing, sex play, acrobatics, carrying guitar and blanket, shouting, singing, covering someone with sand, fighting, staring or muttering at the police and a host of police activities - standing around in groups, promenading, detaining vehicles, talking to adults and to youth, admonishing legally and illegally, arresting, traffic flow directing, and tracking (or following someone down the boardwalk).
The Beach Observation Scale was conducted only on weekends, Saturday and Sunday and on two specific periods of the day - mid-afternoon (usually from 3 PM to 4 PM) and in the mid-evening (usually from 8 PM to 9 PM). Observations were made for fifteen minute periods divided into five three-minute sections in which the observer would make a systematic sweep of his particular sector noting the presence of the above-mentioned behavioral categories. There was a fifteen minute "break" between the observation periods, making for two observation periods within the hour. There were three sectors in which the Beach Observation Scale was employed: from "C" Street north to the statue (roughly three blocks), from "C" Street to the Chamber of Commerce Buildings (roughly three blocks), and from "C" Street to the end of the playground (roughly three blocks). These are significant zones. From "C" Street to the Chamber of Commerce Building we have what has been called the "combat zone". The C.A.V.E. building was next to the playground and this zone included the area of the bandstand in which programs were given on a regularly scheduled basis.
In addition to the rather straight-forward method employed in recording the types of behavior observed, the observer was encouraged to write his more informal subjective impressions on the reverse side of the observation sheet. These become valuable when we approach significant weekends.
Perhaps the only regrettable part of this Beach Observation Scale is that they were given relatively late in the season. The first was given on July 17th. It would, of course, be helpful if we could have a recording of the behavior on the beach from the beginning of the summer.
The tables on the following pages contain in capsule form the data gathered by this Scale. By and large, the tables are self-explanatory. Perhaps it should be noted that it is possible to compare each item across the various waves. Also, within certain categories of activity, one can compare one type of activity with another. The activity of clustering can be compared within itself. For example, of the groups of people clustered in the observation sectors on the weekends of July 17th and July 25th, twenty-two percent of them clustered in groups of two; while nearly ten percent of the individuals during this period were in groups of eleven or more. Items in activities numbered from two (2) through eleven (11) can likewise be compared, as can items twelve (12) through twenty-one (21). In this way we can not only obtain a picture of what happened in each type of activity over the summer, but we may ascertain what sort of activity was predominant in the various groups of activities.
There is an important consideration to remember when reading these data as presented in the following tables. The observations are of all activities by all age groups. This is not necessarily teenage behavior. When we see, for example, clusters of individuals, we should not draw the conclusion that these clusters are of adolescents alone. There are clusters of adults on the Beach also, just as pre-adolescent youngsters engage in acrobatics and not teenagers alone.
It is probably necessary once again to offer the usual apology; the individuals who made these observations were not rigidly trained, highly disciplined sociologists. What is reported here are systematic observations and not highly skilled observations. Undoubtedly, there were many discrete activities that escaped the observer's eye. Nonetheless, when taken as a whole, these observations make up a most believable account of the kind of activity which transpired on Hampton Beach in the summer of 1965.
It is of interest to note that if the young people on the Project Staff were observing the beach, they too, were being observed. Over and over again they comment on the kind of attention they seem to draw to themselves by their research and note-taking methods. The young people tend to regard them with curiosity, the adult tourist with mild suspicion, and the police reaction is often tinged with hostility and defensiveness.
It is a relative certainty that when examining such a scale as this that one might have the feeling that such-and-such a behavior should have been included, or that there should have been other or different observational sectors and/or times. And yet reading through the notes and comments by the observers one is aware that every kind of situation prevailed in each of the sections and within the confines of the observations time periods. It would be interesting to have made other observations at other places and times, but limitations of staff would not have permitted it.
Let us now attempt to draw some general conclusions from the Beach Observation Scale. It should be said that these conclusions are not listed in the order of importance, however "importance" is conceived. The first thing that could be said is to reply to the often-heard remark that the Beach is dominated by youth. Without question, there are many young people on Hampton Beach. But, if the informal remarks of the observers are to be believed, there are just as many times when there are great crowds of adults on the beach. What seems to happen is that the youth congregate conspicuously in one or two places and typically make their presence known by several ways such as shouting, horseplay, etc. Nevertheless, there are times on the beach when the adults seem to predominate.
One of the most important aspects of the scale is its measuring of clustering behavior. It is important for several reasons. The first is that such behavior seems to be a kind of prime target for police work. It has been stated many times by the police that it is from such clusters of young people that "disturbances" arise. We know from the random interview data that many of the youngsters come to Hampton Beach specifically to "hang around"; we know from the Irritability-Deviancy Scale that one of the activities objected to by adults is "hanging around" on the part of the young people. To hear some of the people who attempt to describe the Beach situation one conjures up clumps of youngsters knotted about every square in the sidewalk. Yet, when we look at the data supplied by the Beach Observation Scale, we see that most of the groups - adult and adolescent - are of quite moderate size. However, this statistical data needs to be balanced off by the more informal observations which say that when there are groups of people over eleven in number they are almost always groups of adolescents consisting of from thirty to sixty people. It is these large, conspicuous groups which tend to create an overall impression that the beach is populated entirely by teenagers. From these observations, then, we know that there are large groups of youngsters, but that they constitute only a legitimate part of the beach population as a whole.
One of the very interesting features of the Beach Observation Scale is that device which enables us to know whether or not a particular kind of activity persists over the summer. We were speaking about large groups, usually adolescents, clustered about the boardwalk area. Do these large clusters tend to persist through the summer? We know that by examining the rate of clustering for this group that there tends to be a rather sharp drop-off through the summer. The rates of Wave I for clusters of eleven or more are 121.51 and for Wave III, 65.90. There is a mild upturn in this rate over the Labor Day Weekend. Also by examining the rates in the various waves, we can see that this lessening of large clusters is compensated for by a marked increase in the mid-range clusters, groups of six to ten.
Through the random interviews given this summer we know that the young people come to Hampton Beach to "hang around and sunbathe". What else can they do? They tell us that they are attracted to the beach by the presence of the opposite sex. Boy-girl relationships, sex play, is a most conspicuous type of activity seen on Hampton Beach. It is interesting to note that this activity increases through the summer period. This seems to correspond to the opinions expressed by the teenagers on the Irritability-Deviancy Test in which they seem to have, especially in the second wave of the teenage females, a permissive attitude toward kissing in public. It is almost amusing to note that the only activities which outrank sex play in the early part of the summer are shouting and ball throwing, and I think we can assume that a great deal of the ball throwing is being done by the younger children.
It is most interesting to compare Wave III-A with the rest of the summer. The groups of young people have tended to even out in terms of size; they are neither standing around in two's and three's, nor are they, like the beginning of the summer, bunched in large clusters. There is a marked decrease in all activities (and we must remember that the "rate" measurement is a proportionate analysis. Interestingly, the only activity which seems to persist with any kind of substance is sex play, and even that is reduced from the previous time period of observation. What are the young people doing in the presence of so many police on the Labor Day Weekend? Apparently, standing around and talking; they do not engage in any activity which might release tension or be a form of self-expression. When we look at items #9 and #10, we see that there is a great deal of staring at the police, but no muttering about what they are doing. One gets the feeling, even from these rather cold statistics, of a suppressive, unjoyful atmosphere. One wonders why sex play manages to escape this suppressive mood. Probably because the couples are relatively isolated and engaged in an activity which police consider to be unproductive of a disturbance.
One more interesting note before we look at the police activity over the summer period. It has been judged by various officials that playing a guitar and wearing a blanket is not proper at Hampton Beach. In fact, youngsters are stopped by the police for this particular activity. It is, then, interesting to see what happens to this activity over the summer period. Generally, it decreases; in fact, it virtually becomes nonexistent over the Labor Day period. It would seem that the police have effectively communicated their message.
There was great hope on the part of the merchants of Hampton Beach that the police would solve the problem of youthful disturbances. They were there this summer in great numbers for the entire season and in almost overwhelming proportions over the Labor Day Weekend. As to the questions of whether or not this is an effective way of handling teenage problems with the adult community, this research report cannot say. All we can do here is to make reports of the systematic observations made and draw our conclusions from these observations. Obviously, matters of policy are beyond the scope of this report. However, it is the hope of this reporter that, taken with the other data collected during the Project, that such findings could constitute some of the background out of which decisions for the future will be made on Hampton Beach, particularly with regard to youth.
The significant factor in observing police activity on Hampton Beach is that they are a presence. Either by standing around or promenading they communicate the fact that they are there. (We have chosen to call the police activity of walking their beat "promenading" because it really seemed that they were not simply walking; they were walking with purpose, purpose to demonstrate their superior size and strength and authority; their manner of walking was in harmony with their real purpose.) It would seem, therefore, that this type of activity was not simply random, unmotivated behavior, but that such 'presence' was very much a part of an official police program of law enforcement. As such it might well have very real educational merit. To obtain a more accurate picture of the activity of "standing around" by the police, let us further break down the date from the Observation Scale. The following table contains this analysis.
Table 3 to be inserted at a later date
Numbers of Individual State and Local Police And Numbers of Clusters of State and Local Police By Observational Waves
By studying this particular table we can immediately tell that there were always on Hampton Beach a rather large number of police. Usually, they stand in pairs of officers. And, we can see that through the main part of the summer there tended to be fewer and fewer police. Of course, there was a real massing of police power over the Labor Day period, Wave III-A. It is also of interest to note that the major police work done on the boardwalk area, and hence the major kind of confrontation with the public, particularly the youth public, is by the State Police. They are in the dominant position, with nearly a four-to-one margin in Wave II. The only exception to this is the Labor Day weekend, and this difference is made up of local police brought in from varying outlying towns. And so it is fairly obvious that with these numbers of police simply standing around that they become very much a part of the climate of the Beach situation.
We might make the assumption that this "standing around" is effective on the part of the police only insofar as it relates to other kinds of activity. If there were no other activities on the part of the police to reinforce their "presence", very soon they would become like the woodwork, an accustomed sight. Let us then examine what other kinds of activity is engaged in by the police keeping in mind that its effect is intensified by their continual presence. Perhaps the most single striking observation, after the one about "standing around," is how very few arrests there really were. Over the summer period hardly any arrests were observed by our staff. This is not to say that there were no arrests made, but it surely indicates something that the police themselves confirm; there were far fewer arrests this summer than in previous summers.
Perhaps a crucial item in the Observation Scale is the one referring to Admonishing Illegally. Across the summer those who worked in CAVE were most conscious of the fact that there seemed to them to be a policy of harassment on the part of the police. Our observers did note this activity on the part of the State Police in particular. It is interesting to observe that this activity increases during the summer until we get to Labor Day where it falls off precipitously. On the other hand, legal admonishment seems to be headed in the same direction. However, it takes a sharp drop in the last two weeks of August.
Conversational encounters, presumably friendly, take another interesting turn. There seems to be a fairly constant pattern of State Police officers conversing with youth on the Beach, until Labor Day weekend arrives, where it drops to the lowest point of the season. Also, the pattern of conversational encounters between officers and adults is on a fairly consistent level, until Labor Day weekend. During this last weekend of the summer, the conversation between state police and adults dramatically increases, almost tripling. This same general pattern is also followed by the local police, with this one exception: the local police increasingly talk to the young people through the summer so that by the time the Labor Day weekend arrives their conversation patterns with them are at their greatest intensity.
What can we say in conclusion about the behavior patterns of the police officers on Hampton Beach?
- They are there. This is the most important element in the entire picture. They are there and they reinforce their presence with legal and "illegal" admonishing to the youth. This admonishing is perhaps a sort of educational technique, and might possibly be seen as a way of lowering the arrest rate. It would have this effect if those people who are admonished would actually get out of Hampton Beach, and not try to have "revenge" on those officers who admonished them.
- There is a high frequency of non-legal conversation between the Beach public and the police officers. It is probably a very healthy thing for the community as a whole if these officers and these youth can continue to converse in a situation such as this. It seems, upon analysis, however, that in building for the Labor Day weekend that the local police were somewhat more intelligent in their approach; they built slowly through the summer in their conversational contacts with the young people on the beach. When they might have needed these contacts, they were at their highest.
- It must be said that, in all fairness, the state and local Police probably did do an effective job of providing what we could call conscience reminders for the young people through the summer. Their continual presence was probably a continual reminder that undesirable behavior would not be tolerated. The question which the community must ask itself is whether or not it must continue to have such rigid definitions regarding acceptable and unacceptable behavior. We see, for example, in the Irritability-Deviancy Schedule that such rigid behavior definitions are not necessarily those of society. We may suspect, therefore, that such rigid behavior definitions are not those arrived at by a kind of popular consensus. It must also be asked by community whether it really wants this suppressed, no-activity atmosphere on its beach for the last weekend of the season. There will be those who argue that there is no alternative; and there will be those who argue that some other alternative must somehow be found. There is no question but that a large enough police force can enforce any kind of rule. We see this in the marked decline of guitar and blanket carrying; we see this in the spreading out of the clusters of people on the boardwalk. We know, in other words, that this kind of policy carried out through the police is in some ways a very effective way of dealing with the public.
Let us then, in a very cursory fashion, outline what was happening on Hampton Beach one evening this past summer when an alternative way of dealing with the problem of a crowd was being tried. It was a very warm weekend and the beach was very crowded. People seemed to be coming in from everywhere. It is a month before the Labor Day weekend, a time we know from our previous research in which a great many rumors were circulating as to the kind of "rumble" that was to follow. That evening, one mile or so away from the center of the Beach, the CAVE organization had engaged the facilities of the State Bathhouse for a Beach Party. There was extensive advertising along the beach front, and music, bonfire, and singing were promised - along with a most attractive admission rate. What did the beach look like while this CAVE-sponsored beach party was going on? Under such crowded conditions was there any trouble observed that night? Let us hear from the informal reports of the beach observers for this period.
Comment on the afternoon of August 7th: Quiet afternoon - no police - people moving along boardwalk quite quickly. Constant references to police as people walk by - mostly negative. Mostly young couples on beach - dispersed among these are a few older couples. There is a marked absence of police in this sector this afternoon. There is one definite difference between this sector and sector "1" and that is the amount of sex play going on in the crowds of people - I can't believe I'm a prude but . . . . .!
That evening: "traffic very heavy, a lot of families, very low tension (sector 3). In sector 2 there is little interplay between police and public, but the kids seem to be more accustomed to this situation than the adults. There is some controversy among an adult group of five when they are told to move, but the kids take the whole thing well in their stride. The beach is crowded and there seems to be a relaxed atmosphere. There is still a great deal of watchfulness on the part of the kids toward the police. They sing when the police aren't there to stop them. They stop when the police come by.
That night at the State Bathhouse was the largest open-air program CAVE put on during the entire summer. After that night, the merchants remarked how many people there were on the Beach. It was a beautiful weekend. There was a little conversation after this night among the merchants that there were a lot of suspicious characters about the beach that night. Yet, judging from the reports of the observers all was quiet on the front, relaxed and most peaceful.
Was there any connection of a causal nature between the CAVE party and the biggest night of the beach season? Who is to know. We can only guess that putting an additional 800 to 1,000 young people in the center of the beach might very well have provided the friction for an explosion. The police complained about the CAVE event because it split their forces. On the other hand, by dividing the youngsters like this, it is more than possible that a more manageable situation was thereby created.
Perhaps, in retrospect, we can say that this evening was the only time when a genuine attempt at an intervention technique was tried. No one can know if there would have been trouble if there had been no part at the State Beach simply because there was no trouble. It does seem that if good opportunities are provided for the young people, which they plan for themselves, that they do not lead to trouble, and more importantly, even on crowded weekends may be a genuine deterrent to trouble. If anyone were to look for some kind of demonstration as to whether or not the young people could plan for their own entertainment without damage to the adult community, it would seem that he might find it in such a night as the seventh of August. It may not represent a clearly proven alternative to the kind of social control methods used during the Labor Day weekend, but on the other hand, consider what happened leading up to this weekend, and what happened on the Labor Day weekend.
August 28th, 9-10 PM, Sector 1 - Troopers seem to be very alert to minor traffic violations. There were three different autos stopped in the first half hour. General Conditions - few people on boardwalk; pedestrian traffic light, motor traffic moderate to heavy.
State troopers seem to be putting pressures on kids in any way possible. Two State Police cars were parked on boardwalk and gave the illusion of more police than were actually present. Another (police) car cruising the boardwalk area.
September 4, 8 PM - I am extremely amazed that there actually appear to be more adults (i.e. people over 25) walking along the boardwalk than kids. There are virtually no groups on the railing - only an occasional individual. It is a rather cool, damp evening, but the sky is clear and the moon shining. Traffic is so light that I have yet to see a cop directing it. The numbers of police are somewhat ridiculous when the size of the crowd is considered. There is no one on the sane. There is no doubt about it - the state police are very impressive both by their size and numbers. As far as tension goes - I don't detect any. The police aren't being overtly friendly, but neither are they belligerent in any way.
Kids resent being spied on by the police!
It might be fitting to end this section of the report with a scrap of poetry, this by T. S. Eliot:
This is the way the world will end,
This is the way the world will end;
Not with a bang-
But with a whimper.
Table I
RESULTS OF THE BEACH OBSERVATION SCALE
Table II
RESULTS OF THE BEACH OBSERVATION SCALE
(Related to Police)
Notes
1. Date 7/17-7/25 No. of observations per period 79
2. Date 7/31-8/15 No. of observations per period 73
3. Date 8/21-8/29 No. of observations per period 44
4. Date 9/4-9/5 No. of observations per period 52
5. Date 8/21-9/5 No. of observations per period 96
6. Date 7/17-9/5 No. of observations per period 248
*The Rate is determined by dividing the number of times an item was observed by the number of observational periods and multiplying by 100. These rates allow one to compare the frequency of occurrence of the various items across observational waves.
o - y - State Police
oo - x - Local PoliceFCBS bags planning for Bath Abbey revamp
Feilden Clegg Bradley Studios has landed planning permission to extend and renovate the Grade I-listed Bath Abbey
The £18 million rennovation project includes a reception, retail area, interpretation centre and new accessible entrance.
FCBS has also designed an extension which will feature meeting and office spaces, a refectory, and a song school for the Abbey’s choir.
The Grade I-listed medieval building, built in the Perpendicular Gothic style, occupies the footprint of its Romanesque predecessor.
Under the scheme, hot water from the city’s nearby Roman Baths will be funnelled to provide underfloor heating for the Abbey as part a wider district heating network.
Don Foster, MP for Bath said: ‘The proposal which makes use of Bath’s unique attribute – the hot springs – by extracting energy from the water in the Roman Great Drain for a district heating system are imaginative and will provide a good example of energy saving initiatives.
‘I believe that this programme of work will significantly enhance the ability of the Abbey in the centre of Bath to meet the needs of future generations.’
It is estimated that the Abbey could reduce its carbon footprint by over 285 tonnes of CO2 per year.
Geoff Rich, partner at Feilden Clegg Bradley Studios said: ‘At Bath Abbey it is our privilege to be working on the largest historic building at the centre of the World Heritage Site – which is also our home city. We are very aware of the hugely important role the building has for its congregation, the local community, and its thousands of visitors.’
Chris Smith, national planning director of English Heritage, added: ‘Whilst the Abbey has sought to deliver new facilities that support their mission, they continue to be mindful of the fact that they are the custodians of one of our country’s most important heritage assets.
‘In consultation with English Heritage, the Abbey continues to develop a scheme that preserves and enhances their historic fabric through a blend of conservative repair, newly revealed spaces, and compelling interpretation.
‘This is a project that secures the future of Bath Abbey, from the new facilities that support their mission, to the care and repair of historic fabric, to the re-telling of this extraordinary building’s ancient story.’
Bath Abbey
Have your say
You must sign in to make a comment.BOSTON – Red..
The report says Jenks also told the deputy he hit another car at a strip club. The deputy found some damage on his bumper.Updated on
January 25, 2011,
G.M. asks from Peoria, AZ on January 21, 2011
How to Organize Those Bulky Toys?
I've got solutions for smaller toys, but for those bulky toys like castles and race tracks etc., are bulky and take up a lot of room. I'd like to find a way to store them where my sons can get them to play with but easily to put them away and off the floor. I'm looking online but having no luck. Anyone with suggestions on how to organize these big toys besides setting them against the wall each night? I kind of want them a bit hidden so my house will look like a house and not a playground 24/7. It drives me bonkers to see it all and not know what to do.
I will greatly appreciate your input. Thank you so much.
G.
PS: My house is a small house with only one closet in the hallway. The boys's closet is small. Uncle is moving in so that take away one other closet and to me, this house was not built right in all different ways. Unfortunately we have to store these toys out wherer anyone can see them. But would like it to be a neater and tightier way of keeping them. :-)
So What Happened?™
Everyone THANK YOU SO MUCH! I wish I could store some of these toys in the garage. that would be a huge help...however,
living in AZ, it gets over 100 degrees for six months here and the garage feels like an oven all the time. I don't think that would be good for the toys. When my hubby and I bought this house, we certainly didn't take into consideration of having kiddos. Everything is just all over place. Even with toy bins (the plastic totes), the toys are everywhere. Just a lot of bulky toys and we even got rid of most of them through garage sales. Everyone has such great ideas and I am going to try and implement them all. :-) Thank you again!
Featured
More Answers
L.S. answers from Spokane on January 21, 2011
What about a pantry-type cabinet with adjustable shelves and doors?
3 moms found this
M.P. answers from Pittsburgh on January 21, 2011
I used large decorative baskets. Funny though...now there are no more toys like that and I miss those days...stressing that the room was a mess with toys everywhere! Seemed like it would always be like that and then at some point, I couldn't even say when, they all disappeared-replaced by video games that take up no space at all.
1 mom found this helpful
D.P. answers from Tucson on January 22, 2011
Hello G., You could use those plastic bins. One big one for all the pieces of track. You can decorate it any way you want to or buy a color that matches the room it will be in. That is the best I can come up with at this time.
D. P.
1 mom found this helpful
W.H. answers from Phoenix on January 25, 2011
I hear ya on the garage. And I wonder WHY in the world more houses here don't have basements?!?!!!! (it IS possible, builders just don't want to deal with digging & foundations.)
My son's bulky toys go on the shelf (and the ones too bulky to fit on the shelf do sit along the wall by the shelf - but they're in the upstairs room, not our living room....)
If there are too many, take half and put away (ie, closet top shelf or somewhere suitable to you) and every month or few, rotate them out. Kids appreciate playing with toys better when they've had a rest from them. That way you don't have all the bulky toys out along the wall in the room, but just a few.
We have a bin for trains, the FP toys (mostly) fit on the shelf with books up above and DVD's on the top shelf. Stuffed animals and blankets are what I have a mess of, mostly!
S.H. answers from Honolulu on January 21, 2011
Put them in a closet.
Or, buy a shelving piece of furniture... with doors on it.
I know a woman... who... when you go to her house you cannot even tell she has kids. NO kid things anywhere. She... puts all her kids toys, in a closet... or in cubby type shelves, with a 'curtain' on it to 'hide' it.
Her kids, cannot take anything out.... unless they ask her permission first, and as soon as they are done playing with it, she puts it away again.
I don't know how... she keeps her house, looking un-lived in.
But that is her. But that was what she did.
Or, you just CONFINE the kids things/toys.... ONLY in 1 room in the house.
C.W. answers from Las Vegas on January 21, 2011
I think that one of those big double door wardrobes with adjustable shelves would probably work and if you need big baskets for the race tracks to sit in (don't they come apart as road pieces?) you can put them in the wardrobe.
Wow, S.H. that's a cool idea your friend did up to the part where she sounds OCD about keeping her house way too unlived in with the permission asking thing lol, but to each its own. I like seeing my daughters bean bag lion chair-thing in the living room.
I have a playroom area for my 2 year old so her big toys, like that stand toy with the dancing bear on top or the train table, can just be positioned somewhere in the room against the wall to look neat... it's hard to hide those because they're as tall as her or just big. I understand what ya mean though, when it gets cluttered it starts wearing on you pretty hard.
N.N. answers from Albuquerque on January 22, 2011
A wooden toy chest or cedar/hope chest. We have one in our living room for all our kid's board games and it doubles as a place to sit. It just looks like a piece of furniture. I actually bought ours at Babies R Us with a 40 percent off coupon so it wasn't very expensive.
A.M. answers from Phoenix on January 22, 2011
I decided in my house less was best.We no longer have a play room so now, the kids can only have one bulky toy (which they must keep in their bedrooms), one shelf with toys and one bin of toys in each of their rooms. No toys allowed in my livingroom. When they accumulate too many toys, they end up not playing or using them. So when they get a new toy, they must donate or throw away an old one.
J.C. answers from Philadelphia on January 21, 2011
We have shelves in the garage. We then have a bins with train tracks, another for Play Doh stuff, another for legos etc. The castles and doll houses are a bit of a problem... But I have two large wicker type baskets with lids in my family room. The one is angled so I can hide quite a few toys behind it. I also have a bin down the basement and I rotate toys up to the family room. All toys must be able to be contained in the wicker chests or else they go down the basement. I really dislike clutter:)
S. answers from Phoenix on January 22, 2011
I was using bins and toy boxes to store the kids toys in and it was not working. They could not see the toys so they did not play with them. Just before Christmas, I bought rolling (optional) 3 Drawer Storage containers from Walmart. I got small ones for $11 and wider ones for $17. I started out buying 2 of each size. Loved them, so I went back for more. I think I ended up with 9 total. I have small one for all arts and crafts stuff. I have a large one for separated race track pieces. I use a small one for action figures and a large on for puzzles and games. Since I organized all the toys in these drawers, they boys have played with nearly every toy that we own. I kept two toy box style for the super bulky items. It has made a world of difference! I sat in the toy room for two days just smiling and in awe. But not only that, it still looks that great a month later. The kids have been putting things back exactly where they found them. Good luck!
Learn From Moms Like You
Re: This was news back in 1996
Perhaps this has lapsed into the realm of "well duh, everyone knows this, if you don't then what are you even doing here" and become something they don't even both to teach any more. Thiebauld may currently be coming to the embarrasing realisation that he's effectively announced that water is wet! :-)After a loss which Andrea Gustafson called the worst loss in school history, Seward bounced back and won game two. It was certainly a weird Wednesday of softball at Lady Saints Field as Colby hit two home runs in game one and run ruled Seward 10-0. Seward won the second game 17-0.
In game one, Colby out-hit Seward 13-2. The Trojans scored five in the second, one in the fourth, and four in the fifth.
Game two couldn't have been a bigger 180 degree turn. Seward scored nine in the first and five in the second to blow the game open early. The Saints had six doubles in the win. Samantha Phelps drove home five runs and Michelle Duford drove home three runs. Marissa Chavez and Stephanie Mark drove home two runs a piece. Brittany Hopkins pitched all five innings allowing just one run.
Seward is 21-15 overall and 4-4 in the Jayhawk West while Colby is 8-12 overall and 3-5 in the Jayhawk West.
Seward plays a double header in La Junta against Otero Friday at 1 p.m.
©2015 Seward County Broadcasting Company, Inc.
1410 N. Western Ave. Liberal, KS 67901This rather colorful embellisment sits above what use to be this buildings corner intrance – sitting at the intersection of 5th and Oak. Oak Street could be considered the heart and soul of Calumet, a street that can call home some of the largest and most elaborate buildings in the entire town (St. Pauls, Vertin’s Dept. Store, the Michigan House, etc…) The reason for this was simple, at the opposite end of Oak Street sat the train station – and the place where every person entered this town for half a century. Here at the opposite end from that station sits this building. Once a hardware store, it now houses Bedazed, a small gift / curiosity shop. It has been restored rather beautifully and manages to hold its own against the more elaborate neighbors along Oak street. Lets take a look.
The sun burst design seen in the first photo stands above what once was the main entrance to this building when it was built. Since then this entrance has been closed up, replaced with a front entrance pointed out by the painted hand sign. While the front of the building is nice, its the Oak Street facade that I find most interesting.
All along the Oak Street facade is a series of what was once large picture windows. These windows were arched along the top, capped by this curved terra-cotta embellishment. Holding up these arches are brick “columns” capped by equally elaborate capitals. There are five arches / windows in total. Most of the old openings have been blocked up, save small areas of glass block. Check out the Big Picture to get a better idea.
Heres a closer look at one of those “column” capitals.
There are two types of window headers seen on this building. These guys on the Oak Street side feature bricks laid out in an arch, with a pair of sun burst plaques on either side. The windows are joined together with those small ribbons of sandstone.
The 5th street facade offers a slightly different window treatment. Here pieces of sandstone are used, complete with an enlarged keystone. The sun burst plaques are still present however. (I think its an over-arching theme element)
One unique feature of this building’s facade that sets it apart from most others is the lack of a traditional cornice piece. Instead this step-staired hanging triangle brick decoration is placed along the buildings crown. A prefab cornice probably would have been easier, but then this building would just look like every other one.
Tomorrow: Cross Country Sports Building(s)…|
Manage Subscriptions
View Map »
View Photos >>
Upload >>
Get Alerts »
Next Slideshow:
Whoa! 12 facts that will boggle your mind!
Gunfire erupted in a Columbia, Maryland, shopping mall late Saturday morning, leaving three people dead and four injured, police said.
Gunfire erupted in a Columbia, Maryland, shopping mall Saturday, Jan. 25, leaving three people dead and four injured, police.Aaron Martin, a.k.a Angry Woebots, just rocked this new mural for the POW WOW Hawaii walls. It's a giant panda head, no surprise there, and completes an area of the mural space situated near Rone's work from last February. Get a recap of the last POW WOW here.
Watch NowVerona 30" Wall Oven Stacking Kit
Install your 30" Verona wall oven onto a another with the Verona 30" Wall Oven Stacking Kit (VESKM30). This stacking kit enables you to stack two (2) Verona wall ovens together, giving you a double wall oven with twice the cooking capacity and convenience. Compatible with the Verona 30" Built-In Gas Pro Wall Oven (model VEBIG30X).
Double Oven:Stacking two single wall ovens together gives you two times the cooking capacity and makes it more convenient to be able to cook more food at different temperatures
Compatibility:Fits onto the Verona 30" Built-In Gas Pro Wall Oven (model VEBIG30X)
- Model: VEITM30Verona 30" Wall Oven Stacking Kit
- Brand: VeronaCompatible model: VEBIG30X
- For use with Verona 30" wall ovensStack two (2) Verona wall ovens together
- Warranty: 1 yearCar Carriers change to latest energy-saving units: part of sales proceeds to aid Great East Japan Earthquake reconstruction efforts. one of NYK's car carrier..“Marvel’s The Avengers” might very well be the most-important superhero movie of all time. Never before have so many high-profile heroes come together for one cinematic climax — a feat that could be either a smashing success or an epic failure. The jury’s still out on whether or not Earth’s Mightiest Heroes will live up to their nickname, but the combination of high-caliber actors like Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans as well as geek-friendly director Joss Whedon has at least this fan feeling very optimistic.
Another reason to feel good about the Marvel Studios blockbuster: the recruitment of Oscar-winning composer Alan Silvestri to write “The Avengers” score. A major motion picture is worth nothing without a memorable theme, and based on Silvestri’s past work, we’d say the music man is more than up to the task.
In our inaugural edition of “Avengers” Disassembled, a new weekly column for all your continuing “Avengers” needs, we’re looking back at how Silvestri’s scores of yesteryear might inform his upcoming Marvel music.
“Back to the Future”
The mere mention of the words “Back to the Future” is all but guaranteed to insert that fantastically memorable theme into your brain for the remainder of the day. The time-travel adventure’s score makes for some of the most-iconic music in cinema history, an accomplishment that bodes well for “The Avengers.” There are many small but significant differences in that core theme from film to film, reflecting each sequel’s unique time period of choice; the elasticity of a single tune would be a fantastic quality for Silvestri to bring to a movie that has no fewer than six central characters.
“Predator”
Silvestri’s rollicking “Predator” theme perfectly captured the macho man’s-man feel of this classic testosterone-driven action movie. Not that the Avengers don’t have time to bleed, but the superhero roster is about as masculine as it gets, Black Widow notwithstanding (and make no mistake, guys, she can still kick your ass). No one composes lock-and-load, let’s-go-get-’em, men-on-a-mission music quite like Silvestri, whose “Predator” score is an excellent example of what might lie ahead with “The Avengers.”
“Forrest Gump”
There’s a reason why Robert Zemeckis and Silvestri have worked together for so long: These men bring out the best in each other, a notion exemplified by the “Forrest Gump” score. Not that the soft-hearted main theme is a natural fit with a massive action movie (though if Hawkeye dies, Silvestri’s sonic skills are bound to draw some tears), but Gump is perhaps the best example of Silvestri the composer getting in sync with the spirit of the film he’s working on. If he’s half as in tune with “Avengers,” he’s in fine shape.
“Cast Away”
“Cast Away” is an interesting case because so much of the film relies on silence, or at least the pure sounds of nature. But when Silvestri’s score kicks in, it packs a hell of an emotional sucker punch. The lesson here is restraint: Sometimes a little goes a long, long way, as Silvestri surely knows as he approaches his latest assignment.
“Captain America: The First Avenger”
Of course, the biggest indicator of what Silvestri has planned for “The Avengers” is the music from his first Marvel effort, “Captain America.” He perfectly captured the powerful patriotism Cap’s best known for, bringing a score that might not be instantly recognizable, but one that’s fully in service of the character. One has to wonder if any of his “First Avenger” score will bleed into “The Avengers,” or if Silvestri is planning to scrap all that’s come before and start from scratch. We’re cool with that — just as long as he finds a way to play with the Hulk-centric “Lonely Man” theme. It’s gotta be in there somewhere!
For breaking news and previews of the latest comic book movies — updated around the clock — visit SplashPage.MTV.com.
Share your thoughts on “The Avengers” score in the comments below!Hollyscoop
ModaMob
The Savory
The Fumble
Obsessed with all things Hollywood
News
Photos
Videos
Red Carpet
The Lowdown
Melanie Brown
VIDEO
Mel B's Husband Flees the UK Over Abuse Rumors
kwall · December 17, 2014
VIDEO
Mel B Says She's Still In Touch with Her Lesbian Lover
kwall · December 05, 2014
VIDEO
Mel B Reveals 4-Year Lesbian Relationship
kwall · December 01, 2014
Emma Stone Cries Over the Spice Girls & It’s the Cutest Thing Ever
So, apparently Emma Stone is a massive Spice Girls fan. Who knew?
Madison Vanderberg · March 20, 2014
Mel B Bares Breast to Raise Breast Cancer Awareness
Spice Girls Rock The 2012 Olympic Closing Games
Exclusive Details: The Spice Girls Olympic Closing Ceremony Performance
Spice Girls Reunite For A Musical
Pregnant Mel B Rushed to Hospital
Spice Girls: Where Are They Now?
Mel B is Pregnant!
Mel B: "It's a Scary World" Sneak Peek
Melanie Brown Lets the Cameras In
Report: Spice Girls to Reunite at 2012 Olympics
Spice Girls Launching Talent Show
Spice Girls Musical Coming Your Way
Mel B Confirms Spice Girls Reunion Will Happen Soon
Report: Spice Girls Reuniting Again
Aubrey O'Day to Join Peepshow in Vegas
Mel B to Host New Show to Find the Next Spice Girls
Holly Madison Replacing Kelly Monaco in Peepshow
Lindsay Lohan In Talks for Topless Las Vegas Strip Show
Eddie Murphy Ordered to Pay Millions in Child Support
Eddie Murphy Happy to Be Dead Beat Dad
Eddie Murphy and Mel B Settle Baby Battle
Mel B. Gets her Own Vegas Act
Man Goes Ballistic On Mel B And Hubby
Melanie Brown Releasing Fitness VideoA maybe crazy Once Upon a Time theory: Did we see Elsa AND Anna from ‘Frozen’ in the finale?
Before I begin, I want to clarify that I have very little to go on with this theory, other than a hunch. This is purely a, “Hey, wouldn’t it be cool if…” kind of idea, but I wanted to share it anyway.
Much has been said about the final shot of Once Upon a Time‘s season finale. But what about the first shot of the two-part finale? The way the episode “Snow Drifts” opens?
The scene takes place “18 years ago.” We see a little girl given a plush Mickey Mouse doll by her presumably new parents. From the context of the rest of the scene, we assume she’s being adopted. As she leaves she waves to the rest of the people at the Happy Cottage Children’s Home in Boston where she apparently grew up. We soon learn that the reason we’re seeing this is because the (by my estimation) oldest orphan of the group is none other than Emma Swan.
But you know who else were orphans?
It’s an interesting scene to open your season finale with. Yeah, sure, it deals directly with Emma’s search for a home, yada yada. But like Lost before it, even the little things in Once Upon a Time tend to matter. The writers are obsessed with connections (which is why every freakin’ character on the show seems to be related somehow, sometimes in goofy ways).
So I’m operating under the assumption that, because the show focused on this little girl, if only for a few seconds, she matters. Maybe that’s a mistaken assumption. Maybe I’m thinking way too much about what amounts to less than a minute of screen time, but still … we know the writers of Once plan ahead.
So then, who would this girl be? You might look at the blonde hair and, following the Frozen lead from the end of the finale, wonder if she’s Elsa. Maybe. But a little girl being adopted by seemingly OK parents (I mean, they like Mickey Mouse, obviously they’re not evil, right?) doesn’t seem to be the setup for a potentially villainous ice queen.
So instead, I wonder if this little girl is Anna. Ripped from her home and separated from her sister. And you know who else traditionally has blonde hair? Only the voice of Anna, Kristen Bell, who has been on record as saying she would be up for appearing on Once Upon a Time as a guest star. (Yes, she could just play Elsa, but I think my theory is more fun.)
Elsewhere in this theoretical Once Upon a Time plot I’m writing in my head, Elsa is growing up truly alone, developing powers, and has no idea where her sister is because she disappeared 18 years ago. But she hears news that Anna might have ended up in a world where she would be safe from magic (because, like in the movie, all memories of magic have been wiped from her memory). So she finds a way to head to Storybrooke …
I don’t know whether I’m actually onto something or if I’m just on the cusp of some epic Once fan fiction, but either way, I like the potential here.
What do you think? Am I just crazy, or could the writers of Once be hinting at more? Are you excited for the Frozen princesses to show up next season?Fashion your most stylish self.
Culture, tips & hacks for every man.
Modern motherhood. Redefined.
Discover something delicious.
Shape a mindful, balanced life.
That vibrant personality. Those sapphire blue locks. That pint-sized power. When thinking of How Do I Look? host Jeannie Mai, those dazzling features first come to mind. As a makeup artist, stylist,...Every decade or so (if we’re lucky), the American cinema is graced by a daringly idiosyncratic avant-garde filmmaker who, along with his radical attitudes and techniques, has the instincts of a popular entertainer. The last one was David Lynch. The new whiz kid on the outlaw-movie block is 30-year-old Todd Haynes, a subversively gifted New York filmmaker whose 1987 underground sensation, Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story, made a cast of Barbie dolls seem more hauntingly alive than the characters in most mainstream movies. Though barely shown in theaters, Superstar won Haynes offers from major Hollywood studios. He turned them all down to make Poison, another independently produced feature and the first Haynes film to receive a limited theatrical release.
You certainly can’t accuse Haynes of selling out. Poison weaves a trio of disparate stories into a fragmentary, postmodern triptych, one held together (however vaguely) by lurid themes of sexuality, violence, and personal revolt. The movie wants to shock, and it does: The most graphic segment, a homoerotic prison drama loosely adapted from writings by the renegade fantasist Jean Genet, contains an amazingly gross scene in which adolescent delinquents degrade a comrade by spitting into his mouth. At the same time, Poison’s cool narrative juxtapositions make it far more ”experimental” than Superstar was. The movie is constructed as a student filmmaker’s academic crossword puzzle: Thematically, we can mesh the three stories in our heads (this one’s about violent gay sex as liberation, that one’s a metaphor for AIDS), yet the connections are never more than conceptual. Only one of the episodes, a satirical documentary about the mysterious disappearance of an enraged suburban boy, has much resonance on its own. A part of me wishes that Haynes had sold out after all: What’s truly revolutionary about this filmmaker — his perverse, ironic humanity — is only intermittently on display in this quasi-provocative formalist knickknack. The film’s trailer features a quote from director John Waters, the original up-from-underground bad boy, who says of Haynes, ”He has restored my faith in youth.” Maybe so, but now it’s up to Haynes not to fade back into the avant-garde woodwork.Hi Klaus, On 4 April 2012 22:53, Klaus Schmidinger <Klaus.Schmidinger at tvdr.de> wrote: > On 04.04.2012 23:08, Dominic Evans wrote: >> I can re-test with vanilla VDR sources if you think its possible they >> are causing the issue? > > It would be a start, jut to make sure. > After all, it appears to work fine here. As suspected, it looks like it was the wareagleicon patch causing the issue. After removing that the Now+Next page is looking good! :-) Apologies for the confusion. I'll investigate what needs fixing in the icon patch.The number one spot for caravan repairs in Tuggerah. We sell a wide range of parts and accessories as well.
Whether you're headed north, south, east or west, our expert staff can help repair your caravan to help you enhance your journey. Contact us today to find out more about our great range of products and services, and enjoy your journey with us.Girls Aloud Design Pop Pudsey Bears For Children In Need!
Girls Aloud have teamed up withCheryl Cole’s little soldier Pudsey salutes her loyal army of fans and followers using camouflage print teamed with black sequined shoulder pads. A military inspired cap completes Chezza’s unique creation.
Nadine’s Bear uses feminine tones of blush pink and cream and luxurious fabrics of velvet and satin. Coyle’s Pudsey is cosy and relaxed in a personalised kimono robe bearing her hand embroidered lace initials.
The Irish singer said of her creation: "My Pudsey is girlie and gorgeous and ready to chill out in a personalised satin kimono. Pudsey’s a very busy bear so it’s important he gets the chance to relax!”
Nicola’s love of fashion shines through in her unique design which sees Pudsey wearing a sweetheart necked bandeau dress teamed with polka dot flatforms. Her trademark red hair completes her fashionista Bear.
Roberts stated: "I’ve seen first hand the work that BBC Children in Need do and why the public’s money is so important. Recently I visited a fashion project supporting young women in Hackney.
"My Bear reflects my own sense of style and I think it’s the first time Pudsey has ever had hair! I hope people will bid on our collection and help Children in Need continue their great work.”
Kimberley’s glittery Bear reflects her time on this year’s Strictly Come Dancing, with her Pop Pudsey wearing the iconic red sequinned dress worn when the 2012 line up was announced.
She claimed: "My sparkly red Pudsey was inspired by the first dress I wore on Strictly which will always be very special to me. I wanted to give Pudsey a glamorous makeover before Christmas and hope the collection will go to a good home and raise tonnes of money for BBC Children in Need. "
Taking a walk on the wild side, Sarah’s Pudsey uses strong animal print and soft black leather inspired by the ‘Something New’ video and lyrics of this year’s official BBC Children in Need single.
Harding explained: "It’s been such fun giving Pudsey a new look and I will be sad to wave him goodbye as he is auctioned for BBC Children in Need. I took inspiration from the Something New video to give Pudsey an animal print makeover. I think he looks great.”
The Girls Aloud POP Pudsey Collection is being auctioned now on eBay.co.uk with the auction ending on 28 December 2012.
For more information on how to bid visit bbc.co.uk/pudsey
GIRLS ALOUD ARE BACK! SEE MORE PICS CHERYL & CO RIGHT HERE!
WATCH GIRLS ALOUD'S OFFICIAL TOP 20 HERE!Four, count'em, four, lights in a compact, complete lighting kit--and it weighs in at under 40 lbs. The Arri Fresnel 150W Four-Light Kit features a quartet of 150W fixtures, each sporting a small 2" Fresnel lens, with rugged construction for great performance. Superior optical performance and Arri's cast and extruded aluminum housing make this the perfect small Fresnel. Rounding out the kit are barndoors, filter frames, scrims, light stands, a ceiling scissors clip (for mounting a light from a drop-ceiling), and a heavy-duty, wheeled carrying case.
This kit is equipped for 120 Volt AC operation. It will also function with 220-240 AC Voltage, with the appropriate bulb and plug adapter, available separately.
Fixtures
- 150 Watt Fresnels
- Each fixture has a 2" (50 mm) high quality Fresnel lens
- each fixture can use 100, 150 or 200W bulbs
Light Control
- Shapers
- Four-leaf barndoors control the shape and spread
- Scrims control the intensity
- Filter frames accept your colored gels or diffusion material
Support
- Clamp Mount
- Drop-ceiling clamp mount allows quick setup from a drop ceiling
- Kit Case
- Heavy-duty, wheeled hard case protects equipment during transport and storageYou are a fan of mathews dorms ? Come to discover the best forums mathews dorms on the internet and share your experience with a community fan of mathews dorms . You can also build a forum mathews dorms and create your online discussion.
Envoy Dueling Academy is open for all Yu-Gi-Oh duelists. Improve your dueling skills alongside other members !
free, forum, envoy, dueling, academy, duel, #dorms, yu-gi-oh, yugioh, cardsSee definition in Oxford Advanced Learner's DictionarySyllabification: ring·ing
Pronunciation: /ˈriNGiNG/
Definition of ringing in English:
adjective
1Having or emitting a clear resonant sound: a ringing voice
More example sentences
-
More example sentences
- At his trial he read a ringing statement, to the effect that he and his generation had given their best in various hell-holes, and there was no more to say.
- A few cheers answered his ringing declaration.
Derivatives
- 1
ringingly
- Example sentences
-.
Definition of ringing in:
- British & World English dictionary
What do you find interesting about this word or phrase?
Comments that don't adhere to our Community Guidelines may be moderated or removed.
Get more from Oxford Dictionaries
= trendingPalomar Energy Project
PSA Workshop
(01-AFC-24)
Purpose:
On August 28, 2002, the staff of the California Energy Commission (Energy Commission) filed its draft independent analysis of the Palomar Energy Project (PEP). The staff's draft analysis, known as the Preliminary Staff Assessment (PSA), is
available for download from our web site
identified below, or you may contact Bob Eller, the project manager (see below), to have it mailed to you. The PSA provides staff's environmental and engineering analysis of the project and includes the review of the potential air quality, public health, noise, traffic, visual, biological, cultural and paleontologic resource impacts of the project. The purpose of this workshop is to receive comments on staff's technical analysis from the Applicant, members of the public, Intervenors in the proceeding, and local, state and federal agencies. The staff will carefully consider and respond to in drafting the Final Staff Assessment (FSA). Public comments are welcome and encouraged to be submitted in writing by September 27.
When:
Thursday, September 19, 2002 3 - 5 p.m.
and
6 p.m. - no later than 10 p.m.
(Agenda will be posted on the Web Page
listed below at least one week prior)
Location:
City Of Escondido
City Hall - Mitchell Room [wheelchair accessible]
201 North Broadway
Escondido, CA 92025
Project Summary:
On November 28, 2001, Palomar Energy LLC filed an Application for Certification (AFC), for its proposed PEP seeking approval to construct and operate a 546 MW natural gas-fired, combinedcycle electric generating facility. The PEP is under the permitting authority of the Energy Commission and would be located on a vacant 20-acre site within a proposed 186-acre industrial park in the City of Escondido, San Diego County, California. The industrial park project, known as the Escondido Research and Technology Center (ERTC), is currently undergoing land use permitting and California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) review, with the City of Escondido as Lead Agency. The PEP site is located west of Interstate 15 and south of State Highway 78, about 600 feet southwest of the intersection of Vineyard Avenue and Enterprise Street. Lourdes Quiroz at least five days prior to the workshop at (916) 654-5146.: September 9, 2002
John L. Geesman,
Commissioner and Presiding Member
Date Online: September 10, 2002
|
Back to Main Page
|
|
Calendar
|
Directory/Index
|
Search
|MMAWeekly.com
Here are some quick news and notes regarding UFC 60 this weekend from Los Angeles.
-The weigh-ins have moved to the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles. There was previously some concern that the NBA’s Los Angeles Clippers would be in the Western Conference Finals and would be occupying the Staples Center on Friday, but since they were bounced out of the playoffs last week by the Phoenix Suns, the Staples Center will now house the UFC weigh-ins today at 4:00 PM local time (which is 7:00 PM Eastern Time).
-Plenty of UFC 60 tickets are still available. The UFC was hoping to set the North American record for attendance by putting close to 20,000 people into Staples Center, but it doesn’t appear they will come close to that number this weekend.
-Ticketmaster is selling UFC 60 tickets at 30 percent off, and has been for several weeks. It’s hard to figure out if the ticket sales weren’t hot sellers because of Memorial Day Weekend, or if it was for a different reason, as the UFC sold out in Anaheim in just a few days. The good news for fans is that the ticket prices have been cut. The old prices were $1,000, $800, $600, and $400. The new prices are $700, $560, $420, and $280.
-Despite published reports to the contrary, Randy Couture is not planning on coming back to fighting anytime soon. Over the past week or two, there have been Internet reports saying that Couture is thinking about returning to the fight game. Not so, according to “The Natural,” as he confirmed to MMAWeekly.com this weekend that he doesn’t have any plans to come back and fight. Instead, Randy will focus on the grand opening of his new gym in Beverly Hills with Bas Rutten in the next couple of weeks. Couture will be a part of UFC 60, as he will be in the broadcast booth with Joe Rogan and Mike Goldberg for the pay-per-view, which could be a permanent trio for future pay-per-view events.
-Don’t be surprised if we see the first UFC card in Canada very soon. The rumblings and rumors in Los Angeles this weekend have many believing that the UFC could debut in Canada in September for the fight between Matt Hughes and Georges St. Pierre. No one from the UFC would confirm it to MMAWeekly.com this weekend, but we have learned that Montreal has been mentioned as one of the lead candidates for the first ever UFC show in Canada.
-Spike TV has been very helpful with the PPV promotion for UFC 60. In addition to the two previous airings, the hour-long “UFC 60 Countdown Special” will re-air tonight (Friday) at 11:00 PM on Spike TV, and will air yet again on Saturday at 6:00 PM. Preceding the show on Saturday will be the Matt Hughes episode of UFC Unleashed on Spike TV at 4:00 PM, and the Royce Gracie episode of Unleashed at 5:00 PM. The UFC’s pay-per-view buy-rates have gone up dramatically in the time since Spike TV started airing the countdown specials..
All very smooth and easy and reliable yet again - and great price.
Great service, new car, could not be a happier little vegemite!
Home > Spain > Fuengirola
Book your Fuengirola car hire online today and avail of value for money rates.As a broker we have teamed up with Spain's top rental companies and when you request a quote our booking engine will display the best rates for each supplier. Once you've found the car hire of your choice at a price that suits you, you can book securely online in minutes - Read our 100% credit card security guarantee.
Another benefit of booking your Fuengirola car hire with us is that you only have to pay an initial booking deposit. You can pay the balance directly to the car rental company when you arrive in Fuengirola.
Fuengirola is one of Spain's most popular holiday destinations. It's located in southern Spain in Andalusia on the sunny Costa del Sol about 25km from Malaga International Airport.
Originally a small fishing village it has expanded rapidly over the years. Its main attraction is its 8km stretch of sandy beachs overlooking the Mediterranean. The list includes Los Boliches, Gaviotas Beach and Torreblanca Beach.
Fuengirola offers an excellent choice of restaurants, plenty of retail outlets, aqua parks, outdoor activities and for the golfing enthusiast Mijas is only a few kilometers away.
Make sure you have a copy of your Nova car hire booking voucher with you when picking up your Fuengirola car hire. This will have information on where the rental office is located and itsRecent Comments
- 3 weeks ago Fantastic, this I'm excited about
- 7 months ago Whoops, seems like MS are putting their own nails in their coffin. Why the heck wasn't here maps part of the acquisition...
- 7 months ago Got it, live it, have never looked back
- 8 months ago Love EA access. Such a great deal. Sony were fools to pass on this. So glad the Xbox team had enough sense to go for it.
- 8 months ago Good deal. I still have my original surface rt. Great tablet, chugging along nicely. Have it hooked up to my 60" LED for...
- 9 months ago Roundy Pop
- 9 months ago We've waitied this long for the app, surely we can wait just a little while longer. Patience my fellow WP users. :)
- 9 months ago Thanks, t0nte
- 9 months ago yeah that app gap that is getting smaller and smaller each and every day :). Pretty soon iPhone and Android fans will have...
- 9 months ago Thank you.
- 9 months ago Ha, yep. That's one of my mini-me's with me in that pic. It is has been an epic 2.5 year journey. I have learned a lot...
- 9 months ago Thanks so much, ncxcstud. I really appreciate it.
- 9 months ago Thanks, teshny
- 9 months ago AWESOME! I have used Fitbit since day one...has been with me on every step of my 155lb weight loss. Stoked that there is...
- 10 months ago I think it is simply awesome that products like the AR Drone are finally making their way to the world of Windows and...
Recent Forum Posts
View More
History
- Member for
- 2 years 9 monthsThree Menorahs
Even goyim can appreciate the charm of lighting menorahs during dark winter months. These threeâwhether tongue-in-cheek, made from inventive materials or an unobtrusive modular setâ.Dear Histonetters, I have a special request for competency testing information from a lady who does not participate in Histonet. Could you please help her out and email the information privately, directly to her home email address. You can discuss this further with Diane. Thanks Gayle Callis **************************************************************************** ***** Hello everyone I am looking for laboratories that perform Histology laboratory personnel competency testing in their facilities and would be willing to share their program with me. There are numerous programs that address MT, MLT, Cytotechnicians, Blood bank and other specialties but the only one strictly for histotechnicians is the NSH booklets which does not completely cover the different types of histology technique specialties. Since the FDA regulations require competency testing in animal type facilities and we all follow GLPs, we need to include some of the procedures that the histotechnicians perform in veterninary/animal facilities along with any new programs from clinical/hospital laboratories. Any information sent to me will be used to update the National Society for Histotechnology (NSH) competency program to include all types of histology laboratories. Laboratories and other facilities submitting their programs will be acknowledged/referenced in the updated NSH competency program. Please email your program information to Diane Sterchi Sterchi@iquest.net Thank you Gayle Callis Veterinary Molecular Biology Montana State University Bozeman MT 59717-3610 406 994-4705 406 994-4303I bestselling, the Power of Kabbalah. The Spiritual Rules of Engagement is a small, easy to read book that packs a lot of spiritual wisdom for finding and maintaining a loving romantic relationship. It’s endorsed by Ashton Kutcher, who credits Yehuda Berg’s teachings for the success of his marriage.
Advertisement
The rules in this book aren’t about game-playing. They guide you to use the spiritual laws and the technology behind them to become a person who can recognize your soulmate and nuture the relationship. The book explains the spiritual reasons behind the way men and women think differently.
While The Spiritual Rules of Engagement is written for women, men would learn from it too. Besides telling you how to recognize your soulmate, there’s an emphasis on the importance of working on loving your partner more and more as the years pass so that your relationship continues to deepen and get stronger. Here’s what Yehuda Berg had to say:
Advertisement
You referred to Kabbalah as a spiritual technology. What’s the thinking behind that? People view Kabbalah as a religion. It’s not a religion. You don’t know exactly how exactly a computer works but you know it’s a technology you need to send emails, and other things. Our spiritual work is the same thing. We may not always understand every part, but at the end of the day if we follow certain rules, there are certain places we’re going to get to and certain results we’re going to get. Besides countering the religion aspect, it’s an actual technology. You don’t have to do anything. There’s no judgment. There’s conscious choices and conscious results or actions.
How does a man and woman either attract or repel each other? Unlike what’s very popular with the Law of Attraction, Kabbalah believes in the law of what’s similar. If I’m similar to someone, I bring them closer. If someone is further from me, I draw them away. So if I want a positive person in my life I need to be working towards being that. If I want someone who could support me, I need to be able to support somebody else. Whatever it is that I want to get in this life, I need to open a space in me to bring that into my life. It’s not just the intention; not just thinking. Yes, you do need all the proper intentions and thoughts. But you also need action. If you take the intention plus the action it will make us either similar or take us further apart.
Advertisement
Why did you write The Spiritual Rules of Engagement for women? I wrote this book for women because I’ve found that it’s usually women who are not taking their role to where they need to. The support and emotions are the role of the woman. In Kabbalah, the woman is the make or break person. The guy just wants to be told what to do and he’ll do it. Men are action oriented. Tell us “go capture that flag” and we go. We can conquer the world but need a support system.
In what ways do women run relationships? The woman is the person with the GPS navigation system about where the relationship, and the guy, will go. It’s not an outward control that tells your man he must do this or that. It’s really an internal understanding of your power. I go through this in the book and write it for people who have almost no background. Once a woman understands her power and her role, a quiet internal power and navigation happens, as opposed to an outward expression of control.
Advertisement
Would you say it’s about a woman learning to control herself? It’s totally about controlling herself. We each have certain tendencies that always lead to chaos, that we need to get a handle on. You can’t just shut it down it down because somewhere it will explode. Ask yourself, “how can I control this or use it for something good?” We all have things that blow us out—anger, depression, jealousy. We have to make sure that we have whatever has taken us down before in relationships, under control.
What mistakes do you see women make in how they handle themselves with men? Women often don’t find their place in a relationship. If they are in a victim consciousness, they want to be in a relationship and will take whatever he does, sometimes even accepting emotional or physical abuse and accepting things as is, just because they want this and will be a total victim to have it. Then afterwards, they ask, “Why was all of this done to me?” But you are actually part of the problem. Not everything was done to you. You could have said no at any point.
Advertisement
Some women go to the other extreme of complete control. They think, “No one is going to mess with me or hurt me. I’m going to make sure that I’m in complete control of this relationship.” Both of those extremes tend to be the problem. The very great and amazing middle is where a woman knows her role and the power that she has to navigate a relationship and understands:
* Where she needs to support and strengthen the guy
* When to let him be by himself
And there needs to be a balance between the go, go, go energy of a guy who’s constantly action oriented and not words oriented, and a woman who uses more words and emotions. Find that balance without being a victim or trying to be in complete control.
Please explain “receiving for the sake of sharing.” In The Spiritual Rules of Engagement, I talk about that we can work our whole lives to receive for ourselves. There a maximum capacity for how much you can receive. But the moment we let others receive with us, we receive for the sake of sharing. “How can I really share this with my family?” This doesn’t mean working twenty hours a day so your grandchildren can have money. Meanwhile you don’t see your kids. So are you really sharing? No, you’re taking.
Advertisement
You need to find a balance where your existence still has a “me existence,” because that’s our nature,” but you can find a way to include others, which starts with family and friends. Eventually there’s a kind of global responsibility we feel—we’re in this boat together on one planet. Each person needs to find a little something they can do to hel
p this world. Part of life challenges is to surround yourself with a small group, whether it’s a girlfriend, boyfriend, husband, wife, children, friends, that really are there for you unconditionally. That can only happen if you receive and take from this world with others in mind also.
You said the order of a relationship is meet, marry, love? This is the essence of this book. So often the goal is to be with the girl or guy. People can be together for ten years, get married, and get divorced six months later. What’s the goal for most people? Being together or getting married? Most Hollywood movies end with the kiss on the beach or at the wedding. But that’s just the beginning of the work in Kabbalah. A person who’s with someone for ten years should have greater love for that person than at five years, or one. If you know more about your partner in ten years and love less, you really didn’t know them before. This is one of the biggest challenges in life. The more you know someone, the more layers they reveal, the more garbage. So you should love them even though and even more because of who they are.
Advertisement
What advice would you give for some who complains about never meeting a potential romantic partner? There’s three levels—shut down, open and desperate. Some people say they want to be in a relationship but don’t really want to be. They’re shut down. To them I recommend doing anything to go out on a date and break the cycle of “I don’t want to.” If someone is desperate, they need to work on their desperation. A person who’s really open and not desperate should continue to work on her life. See if there’s something in the past that’s still inside you that hurts—something you didn’t close from your last relationship. If you feel there are no men to meet, it means there’s something a little off. Think about whether there’s something underneath why there’s no one. Ask yourself “where in me am I not letting a man in?”
Advertisement
What your best advice for developing a loving relationship? Ask yourself why you want to be in one. If the answer is, “I don’t want to be alone,” buy a dog. If you’re answer is, “I want to be able to share everything of me with someone,” now you’re talking! But too often we look to find the person and not someone we want to have something special with. Do you want to just have someone, or someone to take care of you? That’s not a good reason.
Check out Yehuda Berg‘s book, The Spiritual Rules of Engagement (Kabbalah Publishing, 2008). It can help you from the beginning of a relationship or to help make a relationship stronger.
Advertisement
If you enjoyed my post, please leave a comment and/or click on the bookmark and write a short review at some of the sites, especially Stumbleupon and Digg. Thanks!
var addthis_pub = ‘wryter';>>.
Game Review on Sep 26th, 2012
The games graphics are very good, superb texturing I can see.
The game itself was no let down either, I very much appreciated the old fashioned theme going on, aswell as all the genetic/sci-fi drama that has occured here.
GREAT GAME.
GREAT GAMEPLAY.
AWESOME GRAPHICS.
NEAT COMPOSITION.
Game Review on Sep 26th, 2012.
Game Review on Sep 26th, 2012. )
Game Review on Sep 26th, 2012 - 1 person agrees.
Game Review on Sep 26th, 2012.
Game Review on Sep 26th, 2012
No review provided
Game Review on Jun 25th, 2012
No matter what people say, Halo 3 is actually a really nice game, the graphics are spot on, the various environments are just stunning and the texture work and lighting; amazing. :)
Mod Review on Jun 25th, 2012
Liked Fleshstorm 2 alot, added some neat new things such as fake animated textures and addtional story, good work Lizard and BBB.
Mod Review on Jun 25th, 2012.
Mod Review on Jun 25th, 2012
I love the originality of this mod, it is so good that the races in here managed to stem out into different mods.Where have you gone Tim Couch? Whatever became of Akili Smith? Cade McNown sightings anyone?
As the Eagles prepare to honor Donovan McNabb on Thursday night, it is worth looking back on that 1999 draft class. It shows just how hard it is to evaluate talent and how easy it is to be wrong.
Going into that draft, coaches and scouts were saying that quarterback class would rival the Class of 1983 which produced six first-round selections including three Hall of Famers (John Elway, Jim Kelly and Dan Marino), one other Super Bowl starter (Tony Eason) and a competent journeyman (Ken O’Brien). Todd Blackledge of Penn State was the only bust.
That is still the best quarterback class of all time. Maybe one day we will look back and say last year’s class - Andrew Luck, Robert Griffin III, Russell Wilson and Ryan Tannehill – is in that discussion, but we will have to wait awhile on that one. The point is almost everyone agreed the Class of ’99 was that good before the draft was even held.
Look how it turned out:
- Couch, the first pick, lasted five seasons in Cleveland, threw more interceptions (67) than touchdowns (64) and lost his job to Kelly Holcomb.
- McNabb went second to the Eagles. He was their starter for 11 years and led the team to the Super Bowl in the 2004 season.
- Smith went third to Cincinnati. He played just 22 games and was out of football by 2003.
- Daunte Culpepper went 11th to Minnesota. He had a few good years but faded quickly. He finished his career with Detroit in 2009.
- McNown went 12th to Chicago. He played two seasons with the Bears and went down with a shoulder injury. He was traded to Miami then to San Francisco but never took a snap with either team.
So much for the great class.
McNabb was the only one who lived up to the hype. Three of the five were total busts. How does such a thing happen? How can people who evaluate football players for a living be so wrong? Fans ask that question all the time.
Trust me, it’s easy to be wrong. People still remind me that I had McNown rated as the best of the five quarterbacks. It looks ridiculous now, but it made perfect sense to me at the time. This week, I went back to my 1999 notes – yes, I save everything - to see what I was thinking.
Prior to the draft, I had the quarterbacks rated in the following order: 1. McNown, 2. Culpepper, 3. McNabb, 4. Couch, 5. Smith.
In the case of McNown, I made a common mistake: I allowed myself to be seduced by his last few games. In his final regular season game at UCLA, he passed for 513 yards and five touchdowns against Miami. He was dazzling in that game, running and passing. He finished his college career with an MVP performance in the Senior Bowl.
Some scouts were concerned with his lack of size (6-feet, 210) and arm strength (average at best), but I believed McNown had the talent and makeup to be a star in the NFL. In my notes, I wrote: “With his mobility and accuracy, he is similar to Steve Young.”
I was wrong, of course. The only similarity between McNown and Young is they are both left-handed. McNown is regarded as perhaps the biggest draft bust in Bears history. They couldn’t wait to get him out of town and the people responsible for drafting him soon followed.
I wasn’t as high on Couch and Smith as most people. I thought Couch was a product of the Kentucky system with its five receiver sets and short throws. I thought he would face a difficult transition to the NFL which requires more footwork and the ability to push the ball down the field. As for Smith, I questioned whether a guy who started only one season at Oregon after playing three years of minor league baseball was ready to line up at quarterback in the NFL. As it turned out, he wasn’t.
I rated Culpepper ahead of McNabb because he played in a pro-style offense in college, albeit at a lower level (Central Florida). With his size (6-foot-4, 245), strength and touch, he looked like a classic pocket passer. McNabb played in a sprint out offense where he only read half the field and, due to his running threat, faced mostly man coverage. I thought it would take time to develop him as a conventional quarterback, especially in a West Coast offense.
In my notes, I wrote: “Erratic passer with some bad (mechanical) habits.”
So it is fair to say I was lukewarm on McNabb, although I had a conversation with Ernie Accorsi, general manager of the New York Giants, before the draft. Accorsi believes pro football is a quarterback’s game and built his teams accordingly. He drafted Elway, he drafted Bernie Kosar when he was GM in Cleveland and he made the trade for Eli Manning in New York..’”
I asked Accorsi – the man who drafted Elway and Kosar and would later bring Eli to New York – if he had the first pick of the Class of ’99 quarterbacks which one would he take? He didn’t hesitate for a second.
“I’d take McNabb,” he said. “Who would you take?”
“McNown,” I said.
“You’d be wrong,” Accorsi said.
He was right and so were the Eagles when they selected McNabb.
On Thursday, the team will retire McNabb’s jersey No. 5.
I wonder where Cade McNown will be.Herb Alpert and the T.J.B.: Last Tango in Paris
Track
Last Tango in Paris
Artist
Herb Alpert (trumpet)
CD
Greatest Hits Vol. 2 (A&M 3620)
Musicians:
Herb Alpert (trumpet),
Lani Hall (vocals), Bob Findley (trumpet), Bob Edmonson (trombone), Dave Frishberg (piano), John Pisano (guitar), Ernie McDaniels (bass), Nick Ceroli (drums), Julius Wechter (marimba), Vince Charles (steel drum, percussion).
Composed by Gato Barbieri; arranged by Quincy Jones.
Recorded: Hollywood, CA, November 1973
Rating: 87/100 (learn more)
Featuring an arrangement by Quincy Jones, "Last Tango in Paris" is also enriched by minor electric guitar chords and a more elaborate chord structure than usual for Herb Alpert. Although credited to the Tijuana Brass, it sounds nothing like most of the recordings that group is generally known for.
The majority of Alpert's discography is built on brief, catchy jingles such as "Lollipops and Roses," which boasted an easily hum-able melody and a peppy, joyous atmosphere perfect for TV ads (or, in Alpert's case, shows like The Dating Game, to which he contributed several T.J.B. tracks). However, the only quality this track shares with the earlier hits, besides the contributions of a few mainstay T.J.B. members, is the brief running time. "Tango" is succinct, but even though Alpert's unmistakable trumpet style is present, a sophisticated compositional allure is carried by the orchestration that makes it more provocative (and, ultimately, more interesting) than composer Gato Barbieri's own version. The subdued synths blend in well with the orchestration, a few quick solo lines exist near the end, and Alpert's take is a sexier, sultrier rendering that realizes the song's true potential as its soul is laid bare.
Reviewer: Marcus Singletary
Tags: soundtrack covers
"...that makes it more provocative (and, ultimately, more interesting) than composer Gato Barbieri's own version." Please! how can you say something like that? Gato have the gift that make him unique, his version of any tune are so great that nobody can make another better, for that there are few musicians that play his music. Gato is a living legend in jazz and he deseves much more attention of the specialized press but...he is not a native of USA and he do not play "american way of jazz". He is creative and piooner of World Jazz.Pro Bike: Cristiano Salerno's Cannondale Pro Team SuperSix Evo
A look at the SRAM Red equipped bike Cristiano Salerno raced at the Tour Down Under
Previous News
Next News
Blanco suspends LL Sanchez
This. [229 posts]
4th February 2013 - 18:44
posted by koko56 [334 posts]
2nd February 2013 - 8:24As director of Oakwood University’s new Center for Adventist-Muslim Relations , specifically, he is charged with helping Seventh-day Adventists understand and respect Muslims. He hopes also, when he can, to help Muslims understand and respect Adventists and Christians.
“We’re just trying to diminish some of the negative thoughts and myths about Islam – and Christianity,” Burton said. “There are myths on both sides that need to be dispelled.”
To that end, the center has developed an online certification program for pastors and church leaders that will begin the end of February. The instructors will include Adventist leaders and professors from Oakwood, the church’s world headquarters near Washington, D.C., and from other Adventists universities around the world.
Professors could include scholars, such as Dr. Tarsee Li, professor of ancient Middle East languages at Oakwood University, who keeps his Arabic sharp by reading the Quran daily. Teachers for the course will also include pastors and missionaries who have built relationships with Muslim leaders in countries where Muslims are in the majority.
The course is designed to help ministers develop joint community programs with Muslims and build relationships.
Burton hopes that Oakwood’s center will also become a meeting place for the Adventist church between Christians and American Muslims, many of whom are African-American. Oakwood is a historically Black institution.
“There are things ministers can do that help break down walls,” Burton said. “For instance, in many places in the Muslim world, the term ‘Christian’ conjures the memories of the Crusades. Just calling yourself a ‘follower of Christ’ can keep doors from being closed.”
One of the aspects of the faiths he hopes to educate people about are the beliefs and history they both have in common. The Quran mentions the Bible and people who are also in the Bible in hundreds of places. And Jesus himself, next to Muhammad, is regarded as a prophet to be revered.
A documentary the center will sponsor, to be directed by Dave Person, host of WEUP Talk and a former editorial writer for The Huntsville Times and USA Today, will be putting together some of those commonalities.
In addition to the sacred histories, Adventists and Muslims, even more than most Christians, have many social aspects in common because of Adventist dietary restrictions and modesty guidelines.
The center will never dismiss the foundational differences, Burton said. While he considers Muhammad to have written prophetic things, he himself would not class Muhammad as a prophet. And while the Quran mentions Jesus, Burton understands that Muslims could not agree with the Christian view that Jesus is one with God.
But the theological specifics, Burton said, shouldn’t get in the way of celebrating ways that members of both faiths can build stronger communities and a more peaceful world.
“It’s our hope that those who are members of the Abrahamic faiths will come to see that they have more in common than things that separate us,” Burton said.
News & Events -
2012 NewsAt DrugStrategies.org, we have been able to successfully treat those addicted to alcohol and/or drugs.. Those that reside in the Tarentum, Pennsylvania area, should give us a call today.
Drug addiction can quickly overtake the life of the user. Those that reside in Tarentum should get help immediately. When drug abuse is not treated, a person puts them selves at significant physical and psychological risk. At person addicted to drugs is at risk for death and disease. Drug abuse must be dealt with head on. When a person is not willing to deal with their addiction, they put themselves at great risk. We can assist you in your fight to get clean if you live in the Tarentum, Pennsylvania area. Call us using the number at the top of this page.
Addiction to alcohol is also very serious and treatment is necessary. For those that live in Tarentum, we can help! Many people struggle with alcohol addiction. Alcohol addiction can cause many problems and thus must be addressed. It is paramount that those who suffer from alcoholism get help. Rehab or treatment for alcohol addiction of some kind may be in order. If you or someone you love suffers from an alcohol addiction and they live in the Tarentum, Pennsylvania area, we can help. Our toll-free number is at the top of this page.
We suggest that those in the Tarentum area try rehab that is holistic in nature. Holistically treating addicts is the most effective way in overcoming addiction. This is an individualized approach to treatment. It is not one used to treat every other addict. We prefer a more specialized approach. If you live in Tarentum, Tarentum, please give us a call. We can help.
We provide rehabilitation services to those in the Tarentum area. Our organization is committed to creating a plan just for you. Our staff is amongst the best in the business. They are knowledgeable, experienced and well trained. Our business is helping you get free of alcohol and/or drug abuse. Please call us if you live in the Tarentum, Pennsylvania, area to discuss treatment.
For More Help & Information, visit:This is my go to recipe for Chocolate Chip cookies. Very easy and versatile as far as adding in ingredients. Make sure the butter and eggs are at room temperature before using.
YIELD: 36 cookies
Ingredients21. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Whisk together flour and baking soda; set aside. Put butter and sugars in the bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Mix on medium speed until pale and fluffy about 2 minutes. Reduce speed to low. Add salt, vanilla, and eggs; mix until well blended, about 1 minute. Mix in flour mixture. Stir in chocolate chips..1997 Ford E-250 Econoline
Cargo Cargo Van
- MAX MPG
18
- SEATS
2
- HP/TORQUE
200/250
- ENGINE
4.2L V6
- MSRP
$20,290
Cargo Extended Cargo Van
- MAX MPG
18
- SEATS
2
- HP/TORQUE
200/250
- ENGINE
4.2L V6
- MSRP
$20,290
Compare Dealer Clearance Prices and SAVE
Review
1997 Ford E-250 Econoline Review
Ahead of the cargo van pack.
Reviewed by Automotive on
The 1997 Ford E-250 Econoline is a van designed primarily for hauling cargo. The camper/towing package is a nice option for those intending to use the van for this purpose. The Ford E-250 is the medium capacity model in the series and comes with the choice of two engines: a 4.2 liter six-cylinder engine and an available 5.4-liter V-8. It also comes with four trim levels including the Cargo Van, HD Cargo Van, Super Cargo Van and HD Super Cargo Van. Compared to the other models in the Ford E-Series, it is squeezed somewhere in the middle. The E-150 and E-350 both have more model options. The E-150 is less powerful but has better fuel economy and a lower price. The E-350 offers more power, but of course, costs more. The E-250 is perfect for those who need a bit more power than the E-150, but do not need the full power of the E-350 and are looking to save a few dollars. Either way, all of the vans in the Econoline Series have proven to be hard-working, dependable vans used for getting things done.
The Range
Engines: 4.2-liter V-6, 5.4-liter V-8
Transmissions: four-speed automatic
Models: Ford E-250 Econoline, Ford E-250 Econoline HD
What's New
The 1997 Ford E-250 Econoline does not have any significant changes.
Exterior
The 1997 Ford E-250 Econoline comes with 16-inch steel wheels. Alloy wheels are optional on the HD models. A camper/towing package, chrome bumper, step bumper, power windows, and privacy glass are optional for all models.
Interior
The 1997 Ford E-250 Econoline comes with standard interior features that include an AM audio system, bucket seats, and vinyl upholstery. Front and rear air-conditioning are optional, as are a lighted entry system, tilt steering wheel, cloth upholstery, an AM/FM audio system, and an AM/FM/Cassette audio system.
Performance & Handling
The 1997 Ford E-250 Econoline comes with a standard 4.2-liter V-6. This engine produces 200 horsepower and 250 lb-ft of torque. Cruise control is optional on all models.
Safety
The 1997 Ford E-250 Econoline provides standard rear-wheel anti-lock brakes. Some other standard safety features include power brakes, power steering, and intermittent windshield wipers. Driver front airbags are standard on the Cargo Van and Super Cargo Van. The HD models have driver and passenger airbags standard; these are available on the other models as an option. Optional equipment includes keyless entry, limited slip differential, four-wheel anti-lock brakes, and power door locks.
EPA Fuel Economy
You'll Like
- Camper/towing package
- Optional privacy glass
You Won't Like
- Air-conditioning is optional
- Driver and passenger airbags are optional
Sum Up
Ahead of the cargo van pack.
If You Like This Vehicle
- Chevrolet Van
- GMC SavanaSouthern California Secular Humanist Conference at The Mission Valley Resort Hotel
February 5, 2011 all day There will be great discussions on separation of church and state, insightful lectures on atheism and moving forward. Come with your friends and make some new ones. Celebrate with your community.Join us in San Diego February 5, 2011 for an incredible all day event of fun, food and community. Spectacular speakers plus lunch and dinner in a great venue…See More
Comment Wall (1 comment)
You need to be a member of Atheist Nexus to add comments!
Join Atheist Nexus
Thanks for joining ORIGINS. Do visit often and join in whenever you want.Hansen Dam Golf Course Reviews
Home » Golf Courses » California » Pacoima » Hansen Dam Golf Course » Hansen Dam Golf Course Reviews
PGA of America Championships
Pete Dye Course
French Lick, Ind.
Westchester Country Club
Rye, N.Y.
Philadelphia Cricket Club
Philadelphia, Pa.
Whistling Straits
Kohler, Wis.
Hazeltine National Golf Club
Chaska, Minn.
Pacoima, CA 91331-6699
Are you a PGA Professional?
All Reviews
This course has no reviews yet. Be the first to add one.Dereham Coachways Ltd
Rashs Green
Dereham
Norfolk NR19 1JG edit business info
Opening hours not available for this business.
To add this information click here
People who recommend this business
Nearby Coach Hire
Get the latest news and offers from this business
1 user currently following this business
Current Weather
The web site was last checked on: 30th April 2014 and we found a problem. Do you know the correct website for this business?
Get directions to here
ReviewsColleague is LCSC’s enterprise resource planning (ERP) system that houses student and financial data for the College. Colleague is licensed from Ellucian® and is maintained and supported by the Information Technology (IT) department. For general questions about Colleague, please contact the IT Help Desk at either helpdesk@lcsc.edu or x2231.
Colleague is accessible through User Interface (UI) online application. Click one of the links to the right of this page and use your network username and password to login.
The display of photos in Colleague for current students, faculty and staff has been enabled. To take advantage of this feature, there is a user preference that must be selected by each user.
Instructions are in the pdf file:
Display Photos in Colleague
Access to Colleague is granted to those employees who need it to fulfill the responsibilities of their positions. Requests for Colleague access should be sent to the appropriate Application Specialist:
The Data Advisory Committee (DAC) was implemented as a forum where IT Work Requests are reviewed and prioritized. The committee has evolved into a formal body thatIn situ electrical characterization of dielectric thin films directly exposed to plasma vacuum-ultraviolet radiation
File(s):
- file_1.pdf (208.1Kb PDF)
- Author(s)
-
- Publisher
- American Institute of Physics
- Citation
- The following article appeared in Cismaru, C., & Shohet, J.L. (2000). In Situ Electrical Characterization Of Dielectric Thin Films Directly Exposed To Plasma Vacuum Ultraviolet Radiation. Journal Of Applied Physics, 88(4), 1742-6.September 14, 2009
Obama's UN nonproliferation resolution: the text
When Barack Obama makes his debut appearance at the United Nations next week, and becomes the first president of the United States to preside over a United Nations Security Council meeting, the centerpiece of his administration’s efforts to set a new tone of international partnership at the forum will be his administration’s nuclear disarmament proposal.
The text of a draft U.S. government UN Security Council resolution on nuclear nonproliferation and disarmament, distributed by the U.S. to Security Council permanent member states this weekend, has been obtained by POLITICO and is made available here.
The draft U.S. UN resolution may be subject to adjustments between now and when Obama chairs a head of state-level meeting of the UN Security Council on nuclear nonproliferation and nuclear disarmament September 24th.
"As he laid out in his April Prague speech, President Obama has made non-proliferation and arms control a top priority and he is looking forward to promoting and further strengthening international multilateral cooperation on these vital issues at this session," NSC spokesman Michael Hammer said by email. "While we will not get into details regarding our diplomatic discussions, we are working closely with UN Security Council members to ensure that it is a productive session.”.
Kimball said another important passage in the draft U.S. disarmament resolution is a passage that makes the “right” of states to pursue nuclear energy “contingent on fulfilling their other non-proliferation treaty obligations,” Kimball noted. In other words, countries such as Iran that have been found to be in violation of their nonproliferation treaty obligations would not have a recognized “right” to enrich uranium, as Iran has frequently declared it has.
“What this is about is trying to build international support for strengthening global non-proliferation efforts in all sorts of ways,” Kimball said, “rather than just seeking to limit the pursuit to a few bad apples,” namely Iran and North Korea.
.
"It's a good text that has a balanced approach between the three pillars of the non proliferation regime : non proliferation, disarmament and the development of peaceful uses of nuclear energy," one European diplomat told POLITICO on condition of anonymity. "Some points need to be ironed out. In particular, this resolution, which should contain no wording that could be seen as weaker than what was agreed in previous resolutions. And it should certainly state the obvious : that proliferation is a threat to international security. This should be an occasion to send a message to those out there that are not complying to their international obligations."
The draft does not call out specific countries by name, but calls on all states to join the nuclear non-proliferation treaty. Only four countries have not – India, Pakistan, North Korea and Israel.
“I would not oversell this language,” one Washington non proliferation hand who asked to speak anonymously said, referring to that passage. “It is standard diplomatic text reaffirming the commitment of the P-5 to the NPT obligation to eventual nuclear disarmament. Important, but not groundbreaking.”
Washington hosts the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference in May, a review which occurs every five years. The NPT treaty, first made open for signatures in 1968, came into force in 1970.
- permalinkLOS ANGELES – To listen to some on the outside, the fate of Steve Nash is sealed. With almost a cheerful confidence, it has been reported that Nash will retire before this season is over, bringing an unceremonious end less than halfway through a three-year, $27 million contract.
And while Nash, 39, will almost certainly never be the workaday player the Lakers hoped for when they acquired him in a sign-and-trade deal in 2012 – a trade intended to keep banner hangers working every summer – the injured, two-time former MVP dismissed Friday the rumor that he was considering calling it quits.
“No,” Nash said. “Not at all..”
As the Lakers played the Golden State Warriors on Friday, Nash missed his fifth straight game and seventh overall.
Nash, who is suffering from irritated root nerves in his lower back, will not travel with the Lakers from Nov. 25-30, when they head east for games in Washington, Brooklyn and Detroit. He will instead travel to Vancouver with personal trainer Rick Celebrini.
Nash noted “some improvement” since having an epidural Nov. 12.
“I’m not sure the epidural necessarily helped,” he said, “just doing some physical therapy and getting a little bit of relief and hopefully I can keep inching forward.”
For Nash, the prolonged conclusion to a Hall of Fame career is like driving without headlights through a forest. When he emerges – if he does – he doesn’t know what kind of player he will be.
When Coach Mike D’Antoni pulled Nash on Nov. 10 against Minnesota, he could tell the point guard was far from the player he had coached in Phoenix.
“You could see in his face,” D’Antoni said, “I’ve known him long enough, when he can’t even run he’s hurting.”
D’Antoni described Nash as “frustrated” and his 18th season in the NBA as a “different phase.”
“I guess it’s hard to look in the mirror and see you’re aging, too,” he said. “Everybody ages. … It doesn’t diminish what he did.”
Nash left the door open to virtually all scenarios, except retirement. He would like to come back at 100 percent, but allowed that the nature of his injury probably eliminated that.
“I only have a short window of basketball left in my life,” he said, “and I want to try to get in as much hoops as I can before it’s time to do something else.”
KOBE. Hubert Fernandez, MD
Department of Neurology
Cleveland Clinic
Cleveland, Ohio USA. Tics are usually associated with a premonitory sensation or “build up” sensation to perform the specific movement, and usually are associated with the sensation of relief once performed.
Tics can be classified as motor or vocal. Motor tics are associated with movements, while vocal tics are associated with sound. Tics can also be categorized as simple or complex. Simple motor tics involve only a few muscles usually restricted to a specific body part.
They can be clonic (abrupt in onset and rapid), tonic (isometric contraction of the involved body part) or dystonic (sustained abnormal posture). Examples of simple motor tics include: eye blinking, shoulder shrugging, facial grimacing, neck stretching, mouth movements, jaw clenching and spitting. Simple vocal tics consist of sounds that do not form words, such as: throat clearing, grunting, coughing, and sniffing.
The DSM-IV divide tic disorders in three main categories: transient tic disorders, chronic motor or vocal tic disorder and Tourette disorder. For the diagnosis of Tourette syndrome, both multiple motor and one or more vocal tics should have been present at some time during the illness, although not necessarily concurrently; the tics should occur many times a day (usually in bouts) nearly every day or intermittently throughout a period of more than 1 year; and during this period there should never be a tic-free period of more than 3 consecutive months; the onset should be before age 18 years; and the disturbance should not due to the direct physiological effects of a substance (e.g., stimulants) or a general medical condition (e.g., Huntington's disease or postviral encephalitis).
Pharmacological treatment for the tics may not be needed unless they cause severe interference with social development. Most patients with mild symptoms will benefit from education regarding the diagnosis and what to expect from the condition. Education should be extended to parents as well as teachers to create a suitable environment for the affected individual and explain them they are not a mental disorder. If medical therapy is necessary, the mainstay of treatment for tics is the dopamine receptor blocking agent (examples include haloperidol, pimozide, and fluphenazine).
Atypical antipsychotics have also been reported to be beneficial and may be associated with a lower incidence offside effects when compared with the typical antipsychotics (aripiprazole, risperidone, olazapine, quetiapine, amilsupride, ziprasidone and sulpiride) Other treatments reported to be beneficial to reduce tic frequency in patients with TS include: mecamylamine, tetrabenazine, benzodiazepines (such as clonazepam), baclofen, botulinum toxin for (focal tics) and clonidine.
Find reference(s) to Tics and Tourette syndrome here:
Slide Sets
View the teaching slides on tics and Tourette syndrome (Members Only)
Abstracts
Search abstracts on tics and Tourette syndrome submitted to the 18th International Congress (Stockholm, Sweden)
Scientific Program
View the Scientific Program to find topics regarding tics and Tourette syndrome at the 19th International Congress (San Diego, CA, USA)
Teaching and Themed Courses
Order streaming content or DVDs of the Teaching Courses or Themed Courses from past Congresses
2015 and 2016
Find conferences pertaining to tics and Tourette syndrome scheduled in 2015 and 2016
Supported and Endorsed Meetings
Find meetings supported and endorsed by MDS pertaining to tics and Tourette syndrome
Movement Disorders Journal
Find articles on tics and Tourette tics and Tourette syndrome in the Movement Disorders Journal supplements (Members Only)
Reviews & Position Papers
View collection of Evidence-Based Medicine reviews and task force position papers published in the Movement Disorders Journal
Moving Along
Find articles on tics and Tourette syndrome in the Moving Along newsletter
Movement Disorders Books
Purchase books on tics and Tourette syndrome.Appointments & Offices
Check insurance plans, locations and make an appointment
Is Dr. Walker accepting new patients?
- Yes.
What insurance does he accept?*
- Aetna
- Blue Cross Blue Shield
- Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida
- Cigna
- Commercial Insurance Company
- Humana
- Medicare
- MVP Health Care
- POMCO Group
- Simplifi
- State Farm
- UnitedHealthCare
Office Locations
- Gonzalez Walker & Webb Mds
- 720 W Dr Martin Luther King Jr Blvd
- Tampa, FL 33603
- (813) 223-5434 (Office)On-the-Go Car Charger
Product Hotline877-300-2007
Item#: 2600
Quantity Pricing
*Pricing may not include setup charges.
Product Description
Elevate your car charging accessories with the On-The-Go Car Charger. Get all the power you need for your devices with this convenient and compact charger. Choose from eight bright colors and imprint your company or clients logo on the side.
- Great for on the go car use
- Compatible with most standard cigarette lighter ports
- Overload and short circuit protection
- Cords not included
- Input:12-24 volts. Output: 5 volts/1
STAFF REVIEW
By Kaitlyn
STAFF REVIEW
By CraIncase has once again worked with street artist Shepard Fairey and presents their latest collaborative range of iPhone 5 Snap Cases. The most classic case in the range of the brand, served as the canvas for the creations of the artist. Overall they present a line-up of 10 new cases, which are now all available in the Incase online store for 40 USD.Reproductive behaviour of female Siberian lemmings during the increase and peak phase of the lemming cycle
Avdelning/ar:
Publiceringsår: 2000
Språk: Engelska
Sidor: 200-207
Publikation/Tidskrift/Serie: Oecologia
Volym: 123
Nummer: 2
Dokumenttyp: Artikel
Förlag: Springer-Verlag GmbH
Sammanfattning.
Disputation
Nyckelord
- Biology and Life Sciences
Övriga
Published
Yes
- Molecular Ecology and Evolution Lab
- ISSN: 0029-8549
- ISSN: 1432-1939Click on any of the small photos on this page to see the photo larger.
There is better solution for everyone who suffers from constipation! A solution that simply includes adding 2-3 Tbs of ground flax seed to something we already do every day -EAT!! So much of our good fibers and whole grains have been stripped from our food and then re-added back in through numerous chemical and mechanical processes!There are very few nutritional supplements that you can find for ~$6.00/month that will drastically add health and can even decrease your monthly food budget!
Read more about Flax fiber helps How Food Is Digested
Want to know more of the incredible Flax Benefits?
Eat Flaxseed for Healthy Eating and Living!
Leave this how food travels through the digestive system, human digestive system page to go to Home page.The four week period during which candidates may file to run for those offices that weren’t raised or settled in June’s primary is halfway through. It ends at 5:00 sharp on Friday, August 8, with offices for which an incumbent could have run but didn’t will reopen until Wednesday, August 13.
It’s that time of election cycle again — time to run for municipal office! Let Connie Boardman and Joe Shaw show you how to do it!
OJB has been kinda busy recently, but we’re kicking off our coverage today — and we need (ok, we’d like) your help! Many races — for College Trustees, School Boards, and Special Districts — are found on the OC Registrar of Voters “Candidate Filing Log” page. But others are found on the individual pages of OC’s 34 cities, and OJB does not want to check each of them quite so often! So, if any of you would like to step up to be part of our crack reporting team, just post your comments to this or other “Day at the Races” stories and we’ll incorporate them. If you want to make the elections in a certain city or two (or three, or 34) “your beat” — come on and claim it! (Note that party affiliation of incumbents is found at the excellent, although not always entirely accurate, OC Political Elected Officers Database. Send your corrections as you find ‘em.)
Because this takes for-freakin’-ever to write, we’ll just do the City Councils in the eight OC cities with populations above 100,000 and then the Educational Bords (Community College, Unified, High School, and Elementary School) today. Special Districts and other City Councils will come tomorrow — or even later.
Selected City Councils: OC’s Eight Largest Cities, by Population
.
City Council: We have two vacant seats and six or seven candidates so far.
Incumbents Kris Murray and Gail Eastman, of the Pringle Party, are more or less aligned with Loose-Lipped Lucy Kring. Murray is the priority of the Pringle Party while Eastman is somewhat of an afterthought, which is a shame because Eastman is by far the less culpable and offensive.
Doug Pettibone is apparently a choice of Mayor Tait. James Vanderbilt had been expected to run, but latest chismes are that he might sit it out. Tait is also friendly with Vanderbilt’s School Board colleague Dr. Jose Moreno. Expect one (and only one) of them to run. Donna Acevedo has turned the killing of her son Joel, over which she has just filed a lawsuit against the city, into a crusade against excessive use of police force (and, obviously, worse.)
I don’t know who Jerry O’Keefe and Bob Tiscareno are — but I suspect that someone is about to tell me.
Rudy Gaona has also been expected to run, but he might have a better shot at one of the School Boards.
#2 City of Santa Ana
Mayor: Mayor-for-Life (or so it had seemed) Miguel Pulido has pulled papers, with competition from Councilmember Roman Reyna and a Mr. Mark Lopez, but unless some deal has been struck Pulido is probably looking over his shoulder to see if Lou Correa is going to stroll into the Clerk’s Office and run. No one has yet qualified for the ballot.
Seat #2: The incumbent is Michele Martinez. Gilad Salmon, Mirna Velasquez, and Rene Gomez have also pulled papers. None have yet qualified.
Seat #4: The incumbent is David Benavides. Alex Padilla — not the statewide candidate — has also pulled papers. Neither has qualified.
Seat #6: The incumbent is Sal Tinajero. Mike Gonzalez and Nam Pham have also pulled papers. Pham has already qualified for the ballot.
Brave prediction: the three incumbents: The biggest story in Irvine at this point may be the name that’s not there: Beth’s Krom’s name is not listed for Mayor. That may be “not yet”; it may be “not this time.” The only challenger to Steven Choi listed so far is 2012 candidate Katherine Daigle — who, I hope some cynics will recognize, was apparently not a stalking horse for Larry Agran that year, because she’s put herself in a position to run this year. Daigle is a Republican of the “outside” persuasion, meaning that she hasn’t been bought by developers. As this is likely to be popular with independents, and as Democrats are divided between those who don’t want anyone to be bought by developers and those who don’t want anyone who is bought by the developers that have their hooks into Steven Choi, Daigle could do a lot better than people realize. The Republican strategy for this year has been to beat down Agran and Krom; a Republican who is neither allied with them nor out to get them — and who might give them a fair hearing and focus on corruption even-handedly, could catch them flat-footed. And she was out decisively for the Veterans Cemetery a lot earlier and more clearly than most.
City Council: Krom and Shea are safe; Agran and Lalloway are on the hot seat. Lalloway’s de facto ticket-mate will apparently be Tea Partier Lynn Schott, with whom he makes an odd couple. The second Democrat in the race will be Melissa Fox, who has kept prudent distance from the Great Park dust-ups while showing lots of leadership on the Vets cemetery. I don’t think that Schott is likely to make it, but any of the other three could make it — and with all of the hammering done against Agran, none of them are truly safe. Evan Chemers and Greg Smith have also pulled papers, but someone would have to convince me that they will not finish behind the other four.
#4 Huntington Beach
City Attorney: HB doesn’t elect a Mayor, but does elect a City Attorney. Jennifer McGrath has one challenger so far, Michael Gates.
City Council: Joe Shaw and Connie Boardman are the top environmentalist tag team in have obvious name recognition. I’m not deeply immersed in Surf City politics anymore, but of the other 10 people who have pulled papers — Erik Peterson, Alexander Polsky, Mike Posey, Mark Bixby, Billy O’Connell, Hec Valdez, Clem Dominguez, John Nosich, Brendan Kenney, and Lyn Semata — none of them jump out at me as major threats to the above four. Again, I’m sure that someone can correct me there, regardless of whether I’m wrong.
#5 Garden Grove
I can’t find a list of candidates on the City’s website. Seriously — no section on elections, and under the City Clerk’s page the only link regarding “elections” is to a Public Records Request form. Really, Garden Grove?
#6 Orange
In some ways, even stranger than Garden Grove. It has its Candidate Handbook featured prominently on its home page — but no apparent way to find out who has filed for office thus far. C’mon, Orange.
#7 Fullerton
No separate race for Mayor. Candidates include: Barry Levinson, Thomas Babcock, Larry Bennett, Rick Alvarez, Sean Paden, Bill Chaffee, Doug Chaffee, and Greg Sebourn. The last two are the incumbents. “No Gurlz Alloud,” I guess! At first glance, Chaffee — Doug Chaffee, that is — looks to be the clear favorite for one seek because he has no Democrats nearby with which to split up the vote. Levinson, Paden, and Sebourn may be cannibalizing each other, making it easier for Rick Alvarez to take the #2 spot even if any one of them could take it without the competition. Fullerton — where Republicans act like Democrats!
#8 Costa Mesa
No seperate race for Mayor. The Council minority needs to pick off both seats to change the direction of the City. Jim Righeimer is running for reelection. Former Councilwoman Katrina Foley, Jay Humphrey, and Harold Weitzberg seem to be favorites of reformers. Tony Capitelli and Lee Ramos round out the field.
Community College Boards
North Orange County Community College Board: Seats 1, 3, and 6 are up here in the frozen North. The incumbents, respectively Democrats Barbara Dunsheath, Donna Miller, and Jeffrey Brown are all currently unopposed.
Coastline Community College Board: Seats 1 and 5 are up; incumbent Democrats Jim Moreno and David Grant are both currently unopposed.
Rancho Santiago: Incumbents John Hanna (D) in Seat 2 and Phil Yarbrough (R) in Seat 6 are currently unopposed. In Seat 4, though, incumbent Larry Labrado Sr. (D) is being challenged by both Robert Douglas, a Democrat from Orange and Trung Quang Nguyen, a Republican from, I believe, Garden Grove.
South Orange County Community College Board: Incumbents TJ Prendergast (NPP) in Seat 2 and Marcia Milchiker (R) in Seat 5 are currently unopposed. In Seat 4 — why is it always Seat 4? — incumbent Nancy Padberg is being challenged by Quinlan Rakin.
School Boards — Unified (K-12)
Brea-Olinda Unified: The incumbents, Republicans Nicole Colon, Bill Hall, and Joe Rollino and NPP Alicia Maciel, are all running for re-election. They currently face two challengers: Carrie Flanders and Holli Kittleson. Who will be the first to propose providing bus service for 0-period high school classes? THAT’S A HINT, FOLKS!
Capistrano Unified: Anna Bryson (R) has vacated Seat 4, possibly to plot revenge against Charles Munger. Craig P. Alexander (a relatively frequent contributor to the infrequently updated OC Political blog) and Martha McNicholas have filed to replace her. Incumbent Ellen Addonizio (R) is currently unchallenged in Seat 6. Seat 7, only Julie Collier has filed for the seat currently held by Lynn Hatton-Hodson (D). This has been a contentious board in recent years, with a coalition of Democrats and John Alpay holding sway, so a single vote could turn it.
Garden Grove Unified: Lan Quoc Nguyen and Bob Harden are the Republican incumbents; so far Harden is the only candidate to have filed for the two seats.
Irvine Unified: Sharon Wallin (D) and Ira Glasky (R) are running for reelection; Bob Vu is challenging them.
Laguna Beach Unified: Three seats open; Katherine “Ketta” Brown, the only Republican among the three incumbents, is the only one currently filed for reelection. Dee Namba Perry is thus far the only challenger.
Los Alamitos Unified: Incumbent Republicanss Jeffrey Barke and Diana D Hill are currently unopposed for reelection.
Newport-Mesa Unified: Incumbent Katrina Foley, the current Board’s only Democrat, is giving up Seat 2 in her bid to return to Costa Mesa City Council; only Charlene Metoyer has filed to replace her. In Seat 4, Karen Yelsey (R) faces a challenge from AbrahaSantam Cassis. In Seat 5, Judy Franco (R) faces a challenge from Sandy Asper. Appointed incumbent Vicki Snell (R) faces a challenge for the remaining two years of Seat 1’s term from Steve Smith. No one has as yet filed to run for Seat 7, which has been held by Walt Davenport (R).
Orange Unified: Incumbent Democrats Diane Singer in Seat 1 and Kathy Moffat in Seat 4 are running, with Moffat drawing a challenger in Zachary Collins. Incumbent Republicans Tim Surridge in Seat 5 and Rick Ledesma in Seat 7 are running, which Ledesma facing Steve Rocco.
Placentia-Yorba Linda Unified: Incumbent Democrats Carrie Buck and Karin Freeman chase a challenge from, so far, OC Political blogger Brenda McCune.
Saddleback Valley Unified: Incumbent Republicans Dolores Winchell and Dennis Walsh face a challenge from C.J. Brower.
Santa Ana Unified: Incumbent Democrat John Palacio is running for reelection; the other incumbent, Audrey Yamagata-Noji, has not filed. Three challengers so far: Cecilia Aguinaga, Shuntelle Andrews, and Everlena Oliver. Valerie Amezcua is expected to join them.
Tustin Unified: On this uniformly Republican board, Lynn Davis and Jonathan Abelove are being challenged by Michael Jones, Elias Teferi, and David Yang.
School Boards — High School
Anaheim Union HSD: Incumbents Al Jabbar (D, Seat 1) and Anna Piercy (R, Seat 5) are currently unopposed. Seat 2, though, is a doozy. Hoagy Holguin, Jose “Joe” Moreno (not to confused with Dr. Jose Moreno of the Anaheim Elementary School District and Los Amigos, although he’ll probably benefit from any confusion), and. Moreno.
Fullerton Joint Union HSD: This district continues to use at-large representation. Its three incumbents are Marilyn Buchi, Robert Hathaway, and Robert A Singer. The trio faces at least one challenger in Joanne Fawley, with perhaps more on the way. (Disclaimer: Fawley uses the firm where my daughter works as her Campaign Treasurer. That fact will not affect anything I write about the race; from what I know of her, I’d expect to support her anyway.)
Huntington Beach Union HSD: Democrats Bonnie Castrey and Kathleen Iverson are incumbents; Republican Duane Dishno is an appointed incumbent. All are seeking reelection, and are being challenged by Kathy Ryder and Janis Mantini.
School Boards — Elementary School
Anaheim City SD: The incumbents are one of each — NPP Dr. Jose Moreno, Democrat Jeffrey Cole, and Republican Sandy Blumberg. Cole is the only one who has filed for reelection. I haven’t spoken to Dr. Moreno recently about this, but published chismes say that he is still deciding between the School Board and the City Council races. No idea about Blumberg. (Moreno is friendly with James Vanderbilt, who is up for reelection to the School Board in 2016, and both prefer Tait’s approach to governing to Kris Murray’s. Vanderbilt has a committee formed, but hasn’t pulled his papers, so my guess is that Moreno runs for Council if and only if Vanderbilt does not.) Aside from Cole, the sole declared candidates for Anaheim School Board right now is D.R. Heywood, a Democrat and Jordan Brandman ally, for whom the firm where my daughter works also provides services. Whatever I write about this race will be despite that last clause.
Buena Park SD: The incumbents up this year are Helen Lee an NPP, and Republicans Samuel Van Hamblen and Brian Chambers. Only Van Hamblen — and no non-incumbent — has filed for this year’s election.
Centralia SD: This district is shaping up as one of the more interesting in the county. Three Republicans, Lisa Jordan, Kevin Segueira (an appointee), and Irv Trinkle, have expiring terms; Jordan and Segueira have already filed. They have interesting company. Henry Chareon, the La Palma City Councilmember who is continually mentioned as a candidate for higher office, has filed..)
Cypress SD: The incumbents up for election this year include Democrat Steve Blount and Republicans David Geise and Valeri Peters Wagner; Blount and Wagner have filed to run — as has no one else.
Fountain Valley SD: The incumbents are Jimmy Templin (an MPP) and Republicans Judy Edwards and Sandra Crandall; of these only Crandall has so far filed to run. Three non-incumbents have as well: Jim Cunneen, Samuel Lew, and Lisa Schultz.
Fullerton SD: The Republican incumbents are: Beverly Berryman, Janice Meyer, and Chris Thompson. Their sole current challenger is Daniel Halkyard.
Huntington Beach City SD: The incumbents are NPP appointee Shari Kowalke and Democrats Celia Jaffe and Rosemary Saylor. Of these, only Saylor has filed thus far. So has Paul Morrow.
Lowell Joint SD: The incumbents are William Hinz, Darin W Barber, and Anastasia Shackelford. So far, Barber and Shackleford have filed — and no one else.
Magnolia SD: The incumbents are Republicans Clifford E Breeden Jr and Esther H Wallace and Democrat Barbara Quintana. So far, the Republican incumbents have filed. No one else has.
Ocean View SD: The incumbents are Republicans Tracy Pellman and John Briscoe and American Independent — always raising the question “does he know what that really is?” — John Ortiz. Only Ortiz has filed so far.
Savanna SD: Republican incumbents Edward Erdtsieck, Linda Weinstock, and John Shook have filed. No one else has.
Westminster SD: The incumbents are Democrats Penny Loomer and Mary Mangold and Republican David Bridgewaters. For now, Loomer is the only candidate who has filed.
I’m pretty sure that Lynn Davis of Tustin said a few years ago he would retire from the board before the next election. Interesting that he apparently changed his mind. That school board hasn’t changed in probably over a decade.
Actually Jonathan … more than a decade. Francine Scinto has not lived in the district since at least 2007, but pulls the wool over the voters eyes every time, by leaving that little detail out. Not sure why board members don’t move on,(perhaps the amazing health benefits) or hold on so tight that they are even willing to break election laws. It would be awesome to replace two during the election. Time for change.
Because Irvine is factionally divided, filings will sometime come at the very last moment, as each side tries to outmaneuver the other. I suspect the mayor’s race won’t be clear until the last day of filing.
I am not sure your analysis of Lynn Schott is quite right.
Here is Lynn’s press release ( ) where
claims endorsements from all three current City Council Republicans. This surprised me: I had thought she was endorsed by Shea but not by Lalloway.
However, Christina has not yet announced any endorsements for this cycle on her twitter feed, so we’ll have to wait to she how this plays out.TOP TEN: Butler, fresh from back-to-back
victories last week, has cracked the "Top 10" of the
National Soccer Coaches Association of America (NSCAA) national
poll. The Bulldogs (10-0-0) climbed from No. 12 a week ago to
No. 9 in this week's rankings. It's the highest
the Bulldogs have ever been in the NSCAA poll. Butler is the
lone unbeaten, untied team in the NCAA Division I. The
Bulldogs are tied with UC Irvine for the second-most wins in the
nation, one behind national leader SMU. Butler will try to
add to the best start in school history and extend its
school-record, 10-match winning streak when it hosts Bowling Green
in a non-league match on Wednesday, Oct. 13. The contest,
slated for 4 p.m. (ET) at the Butler Bowl, will be the last on the
Bulldogs' current four-match
homestand.
Butler has won 10 consecutive regular season matches in the Butler Bowl.
MORE POLLING: Butler continues to climb in the national soccer polls, and the Bulldogs now stand at #10 or higher in each of the major soccer rankings. The Bulldogs are ranked #8 in the Top Drawer Soccer Tournament 48 poll, #9 by Soccer Times, and #10 by College Soccer News. Goal.com lists Butler at #5. The Bulldogs are tied with Louisville for #2 in the Great Lakes Region, behind the nation's top-ranked team, Akron.
SOLID FINISH: The Bulldogs kept fans in their Butler Bowl seats until the last possible moment, while sweeping a pair of matches last week. Senior Kyle Pateros scored on a header with 1:31 remaining in the contest to lift Butler to a 2-1 victory over non-league foe Evansville to start the week's action. Butler had taken a 1-0 lead on a goal by freshman Adekunle Oluyedun early in the second half, but the visiting Aces tied the score with just under 24 minutes remaining. Four days later, senior Ben Sippola came through in the first overtime period and provided the game-winner on a penalty kick to give Butler a 2-1 Horizon League victory over UIC. The Bulldogs had taken an early lead on a goal by sophomore Jordan Burt, but the Flames tied the match shortly before halftime.
SCORING LEADER: Senior Ben Sippola picked up a goal and an assist in Butler's two wins last week and boosted his team lead in scoring. The Northfield, Minn., native enters this week's action with six goals and five assists on the season. He currently ranks second in the Horizon League and 15th in the NCAA Division I in total points (17), and he's second in the league and 29th in the nation in total goals. Sippola is tied for first in the league and stands 22nd in the nation in assists. The Butler midfielder has two game-winning goals this season.
With six goals and five assists, Ben Sippola has matched the career totals of his first three seasons at Butler.
BULLDOG BITS: Butler continues to lead the Horizon League in goals scored with 23. The Bulldogs are ranked 15th in the NCAA Division I in scoring offense (2.3) and 17th in total goals...Senior goalkeeper Fabian Knopfler ranks eighth individually and Butler stands eighth as a team in the NCAA Division I men's soccer statistics for goals against average (0.49). Knopfler leads the Horizon League in goals against average and in shutouts (5)...Fabian Knopfler stands second on Butler's all-time list for shutouts with 15 during his career with the Bulldogs...Freshman Adekunle Oluyedun is tied for fifth in the Horizon League in points (10), while junior Matt Hedges is tied for seventh (9). Hedges has a team-high three game-winners this season...Sophomore Jordan Burt scored his fourth collegiate goal in Butler's Horizon League victory over UIC.
From: Stig_Agermose@online.pol.dk (Stig Agermose) Date: Sun, 14 Jun 1998 12:38:01 +0200 Fwd Date: Sun, 14 Jun 1998 07:53:11 -0400 Subject: Re: Are The X-Files More Fact Than Fiction? >From the Calgary Herald. URL: Stig ******* Saturday 13 June 1998 Are X-Files more fact than fiction? Daryl-Lynn Carlson, Calgary Herald What if the X-Files movie is not mere fiction, but part of a grand conspiracy to prepare us for The Truth? No, seriously. Some UFO buffs in Calgary believe The X-Files is the flagship of an armada of alien shows and movies being produced to prepare us for an inevitable close encounter. The movie -- based on the popular sci-fi/fantasy TV series starring David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson-- lands in Calgary theatres June 19. About 142,000 Calgarians tune in weekly. "We know for a fact that there's been a lot of information that's been planted to steer people away. But in no way in the world are we the only beings in the universe," David Fisher said. Fisher, a Calgary musician and photographer studies the UFO phenomenon in his spare time. "I think it's just a question now of the public being prepared." Fisher is part of a small contingent of buffs, or ufologists, in Western Canada whose examination of extraterrestrials resembles that of the so-called Lone Gunmen, a trio of computer mavericks on The X-Files who advise FBI special agent Fox Mulder (played by David Duchovny) on UFO occurrences. Mulder's partner on the show, Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson), is the skeptical referee between science and conjecture, who increasingly believes in the incredible. Michael Green, a Calgary playwright rehearsing his latest production, called Martian, said that simply by researching the topic can attract trouble. "I believe there are definitely groups of people who seem to have the interest or the finances to control certain information," Green said. "Fortunately for me, the men in black are not tapping my phone or following my kid home from school. But when I started this, I didn't know if they would." Green has interviewed people who claim they have been abducted for a dramatic play he produced in 1995, called Alien Bait. He commended The X-Files for basing its stories on facts, including "very effectively captivating the kind of paranoia that is very much a part of ufology." But he hopes the movie offers some fresh insights. "The whole alien abduction thing has been squeezed dry," he said. "These days, a lot of people are having their implants removed. The real work in the field is focused on Mars." The truth is, The X-Files is real to thousands of people. In Alberta, the town of St. Paul -- which built a spacecraft landing pad as its centennial project in 1967 -- expects as many as 1,000 people worldwide to visit Western Canada's first UFO conference there July 10 and 11. Although Alberta is not considered a UFO hot spot, the latest news on sightings, crop rings, cattle mutilations and alien abductions will be examined at the conference. So will the theories about conspiracies to control public information. To some people who follow UFOs seriously, The X-Files is more than night-time entertainment. "There are theories about attempts to prepare the population . . . and it's well-known that governments have been very much involved in disinformation and in leaking information," William Wynn, a professor of para-psychology at the University of Regina, said of the world's "inevitable" meeting with extraterrestrials. Semi-retired, Wynn has extensively studied UFOs and interviewed people who believe they were abducted and probed by aliens -- a phenomenon addressed frequently in The X-Files. Aside from the show's occasional story lines about sewer monsters and ghosts, Wynn said The X-Files smacks of truth. "It works with some themes that are legitimate, and it doesn't always make the aliens out to be bad guys." While their ideas might appear to be "out there," ufologists say they are just seeking answers to strange happenings that science has failed to explain. Some hope their work, maybe even aliens, will help save mankind. "Human kind is in a very desperate kind of situation right now. We're right at the edge of a cliff," Wynn said. "If we don't make some changes very fast, change is just going to happen and it won't be pleasant." Calgary Herald New Media 1998 Contact us: online@theherald.southam.ca
[ Next Message | Previous Message | This Day's Messages ]
This Month's Index |
UFO UpDates - Toronto - Operated by Errol Bruce-KnappBy OGJ editors
HOUSTON, May 13 -- GE Energy, a division of General Electric Co., Atlanta, Ga., plans to acquire ChevronTexaco Worldwide Gasification Technology Inc. from ChevronTexaco Corp., which said it plans to continue its focus on commercializing natural gas resources using LNG and gas-to-liquids technology.
The transaction will broaden GE Energy's gasification plant offerings and expand its ability to provide coal power generation that produces fewer air pollutants than conventional coal combustion, a spokesman said. The ChevronTexaco technology develops and licenses gasification-related intellectual property for use in the chemicals, electric power, and hydrogen producing industries.
GE Energy said it would continue to headquarter the gasification business in Texas.ISBN13: 9780375751387
ISBN10: 0375751386 All Product Details
When the editors Arnold Krupat and Brian Swann asked twenty-seven Native American writers to describe their lives in relation to their art, they received an extraordinary array of responses — twenty-seven pieces of autobiographical remembrance united only by a common set of Native American heritages.
The writers, artists, poets, and academics represented here have recorded a memorable series of personal and family histories illuminated by verse and song, story, and narrative, all fed by the strong oral tradition of the indigenous peoples of this country. As Coming to Light, the collection of Native American writing edited by Brian Swann, demonstrated with literature, the Native American experience is broad and complex, and worth listening to closely..
Biography » General
Fiction and Poetry » Anthologies » Essays
Fiction and Poetry » Anthologies » General
Fiction and Poetry » Literature » A to Z
History and Social Science » Native American » General Native American Studies
History and Social Science » Native American » LiteratureSnake in a Box Papercraft by Chartodileon
©2008-2015 Chartodileon
Ah ha! I just got done making this for my older brother. xD
I am in a box and no one can find me and I just farted and it's starting to smell!
ROFLMAO!!!! I just saw that video a couple minutes ago for the frst time!
It's from Smash Kingdom.
Yeah, I know. xD
Yep. While you're relaxing, please assert your ears to 88-Fingers Edd!Jorge SoaresTwitter Statistics
@paquetaense - Tracking since October 3, 2009
Jorge Soares-Morador da Ilha de Paquetá, Rio de Janeiro, compositor musical e criador do site Paquetaense
Brasil
You are on Jorge Soares's Twitter stats page
We track these Twitter stats since October 3, 2009 . You can see how many followers Jorge Soares lost or gained and what the prediction is for tomorrow or the next 15 days, together with all kinds of other stats like rank compared to all Twitter users, tweets etc.
Why don't you give it a try and compare Jorge Soares to yourself ? Or if you are Jorge"I randomly came across this Hydrogen upgrade and saw the video for an 04 silverado. I am trying to separate fact from fiction and understand how much of a system like this is "hype" and what claims they make if any are real. Is it even worth trying this mod? there is no moding of the engine, this apparently goes in through the air intake.Pimp your TL-MR3020 mobile router. This script is only for the WPS button (line 22), and it causes the WPS LED to flash for three seconds (lines 6-8 and 10) then go off for another three seconds. When you release the button, the script turns on the LED again (line
Instead of storing each script individually in the
Button directory and querying the status of the switch there, as in Listing 5, it makes sense to download a generic button script from the OpenWrt treasure trove [4].:..
More Application Examples
The usefulness of the TL-MR3020 is a result of its low power consumption and mobility. I use it as a synchronization server using the "Rsync for Android" app, and it synchronizes data between my mobile devices, the server, and other computers. On the road, the server acts as a router and emulates my home network, with no need to reconfigure my mobile zoo.
Further application scenarios for the TL-MR3020 can be found online through a simple web search. These range from web servers and VPN gateways to a simple social networking platform. To explore the computer's limits, I also installed ownCloud on the TL-MR3020. The application needs a web server and a complete PHP stack.
Basic functions, such as viewing and maintaining the calendar, do work, but slowly. Also, the TL-MR3020 crashed reproducibly while attempting to upload multiple images simultaneously. Perhaps a little tuning could tweak a bit more out of the box, but to run ownCloud seriously, you need something more powerful on the hardware side.
Infos
- TP-Link:
- OpenWrt project:
- Details for TL-MR3020:
- Generic processing of button events:
«."Uwe Mund leads performances that pulse with intensity. The Lower Austrian Tonkunstler Orchestra of Vienna performs with commitment in this vividly recorded disc."
"Mund makes a good case for the music, with an especially exciting scherzo in the Romantic Suite and a warmly expressive Intermezzo--a movement sometimes extracted and performed independently...and what a gorgeous piece of string writing it is!"Rangers' Kinsler does it all in win over Oakland
Associated Press : June 28, 2012 : Updated: June 29, 2012 12:53am
- Photo By AP
Oakland Athletics' Coco Crisp slides under Texas Rangers shortstop Elvis Andrus as he steals second base, while umpire Phil Cuzzi watches during the third inning of a baseball game Thursday, June 28, 2012, in Arlington, Texas.
ARLINGTON — Leadoff man Ian Kinsler got four hits, scored three runs and stole two bases Thursday night, sending the Texas Rangers past the Oakland Athletics 7-6 12/3 innings when he last faced Oakland on June 4, won despite allowing nine hits in five innings. Joe Nathan earned his 18th save of the year.
Tyson Ross (2-8) was tagged for five runs and eight hits in four innings.
Josh Reddick hit his 18th home run for Oakland. Derek,.
Meanwhile, Rangers starter Derek Holland, on the 15-day disabled list with left elbow fatigue, said he felt good a day after his first rehabilitation start in Triple-A Round Rock.Oscar entries 2012
1 Oscar entries 2012 Articles
Ranbir Kapoor’s Barfi! Or Vidya Balan’s Kahaani – which film will be selected for the Oscars this year?3 years ago 26
The Film Federation of India (FFI) has made a list of films to be sent to this year's Academy Awards. And the competition looks tough! Every year… Read Article ▶
More Oscar entries 2012
.
Help other customers find the most helpful instructions.
Were these instructions helpful?
Level of DifficultyReally easy
Time to do repair:30 - 60 mins
ToolsNutdriver
CustomerGregory from Virginia Beach VA
Unplug Dryer. Remove lower and upper front panels [remove wires from upper right door switch]. Lift up on belt idle pulley and take belt off pulley/motor.Remove Front Bulkhead and dryer lint/vent ducting. Note position on drum and remove belt. Unbolt top panel front 2 screws to allow room to remove drum.Remove drum. Take lock rings off Drum support rollers and remove old rollers. Clean roller shafts and apply hi-temp grease [I used ultra hi temp brake grease-ceramic based-small packet can be purchase fm auto parts store]. Re-install new support rollers and lock rings. Re-install drum and slide belt back into position. Remove and replace felt pads and glides into inside of Front Bulkhead. Reinstall Front Bulkhead and top panel [connect door switch wires].Install belt around idle tension pulley. Re-install lower panel.All parts fit perfectly and delivered quickly.Belt had just been replaced previously.
Level of DifficultyA Bit Difficult
ToolsNutdriver, Screw drivers
CustomerWilford from Long Grove IA
I first removed the front panel and door on the dryer using a 5/16th nut driver. I needed to disconnect the light and switch to remove the door. I raised the top lid of the dryer to expose the drum. I rmover the fan schroud and lint filter by removing 4 5/16 screws with the nut driver. I disconnected the belt from the idle tension pully and removed the drum. The drum support rollers were visible on the back frame of the dryer. I removed the bad roller using snap ring pliers. After cleaning the roller support shaft and lubricating the shaft with grease I replaced the drum support roller and secured it with the snap ring. I also replaced the dryer belt although it was still workiing. I reasembled the dryer after giving the inside a cleaning with the shop vac. The hardest part was getting the belt secured with the tension idle pulley. When assemblying the fan schroud make sure it is snug against the fan so it doesn't leak. Replace the top and front door and cover connecting the switch and light. If you get the switch wires correct the dryer will run with the door shut otherwise reverse the wires.
CustomerTroy from Huffman TX
ToolsPliers, Screw drivers, Socket set
CustomerJames from Springfield TN.Trial Starts for Defendant in the Killing of Bill Cosby's Son
By CHRISTIAN BERTHELSEN
Published: June 23, 1998
SANTA MONICA, Calif., June 22— Mikail Markhasev's own words prove he shot and killed Ennis Cosby as Mr. Cosby fixed a flat tire in the inky January night, just off a Los Angeles freeway, a prosecutor said today in the opening statements of Mr. Markhasev's murder trial.
The prosecutor, Anne Ingalls, a deputy district attorney, said Mr. Markhasev described the Cosby killing as a ''robbery gone bad'' in letters from jail to another imprisoned friend, mixing English and Spanish slang. Ms. Ingalls said Mr. Markhasev also told a friend while he was trying to recover a gun from the woods that he had shot a black man: ''It's all over the news.''
Those statements will be buttressed, Ms. Ingalls said, by the testimony of two friends who were with Mr. Markhasev around the time of the killing, friends who saw him looking for news of the crime on television later that day and another friend who said Mr. Markhasev asked for help in recovering the gun.
But a defense lawyer, Henry J. Hall, said in his statement that his client was not even at the scene when Mr. Cosby was killed and that the crime was instead committed by one of the prosecution's chief witnesses, Eli Zakaria. Mr. Hall, a public defender, said the letters implicating Mr. Markhasev had been fabricated, and he attacked the credibility of witnesses against his client.
The jury of six men and six women were given two portraits of Mr. Markhasev: a man who shot Mr. Cosby during a robbery and left him lying on the road, or an innocent Ukrainian immigrant, then 18, offered up by questionable witnesses seeking financial gain or to conceal their own involvement in the killing.
Mr. Markhasev faces a possible life sentence without parole if he is found guilty of killing Mr. Cosby on Jan. 16, 1997. A weathered white cross and faded flowers still mark the site where Mr. Cosby, the son of the entertainer Bill Cosby, was killed.
Bill Cosby's fame was mentioned once this morning, when Mr. Hall asked the jury not to let the case ''be infected by the celebrity of the victim's father.''
Two rows of friends and family members of the victim sat in court, but Bill Cosby was not among them.
Ennis Cosby, a 27-year-old graduate student at Columbia University Teachers College in New York, was visiting Los Angeles. He was on his way to meet a woman around 1:15 A.M. in his mother's Mercedes-Benz, the prosecution said, when he pulled over because of a flat tire.
Mr. Markhasev had been partying at a home in the city's Bel Air section with his friends Eli Zakaria and Sara Peters, Ms. Ingalls said, before they passed Mr. Cosby. Mr. Zakaria asked Mr. Cosby, ''Hey, are you O.K.?'' the prosecutor said, and Mr. Cosby replied, ''Yeah. Everything's cool.'' Then, she said, the three went to a nearby pay telephone.
Mr. Cosby had called his friend, Stephanie Crane, on a cellular telephone and asked her to come shine her headlights on his car while he changed the tire, Ms. Ingalls said. As Ms. Crane sat in her Jaguar, the defendant appeared at her window and said, ''Open the door or I'll shoot,'' Ms. Ingalls said. Ms. Crane drove away quickly, then turned around because she had left Mr. Cosby behind.
''By that time, the defendant went over to Ennis, demanded his money, and when Ennis wasn't quick enough, shot him once at close range in the temple, killing him instantly,'' Ms. Ingalls said.
A few days later, the prosecution said, two associates of Mr. Markhasev, Chris So and Michael Chang, went with him to a wooded area to try to recover the gun, and it was then that he implied he had killed Mr. Cosby. Mr. So called The National Enquirer to claim a $100,000 reward for information about the slaying. When the police came to his home, he took them to the same wooded area, where they found the gun. The prosecution said tests showed that the gun was the murder weapon.
Ms. Ingalls acknowledged that Mr. Zakaria and Mr. Chang, both of whom are prosecution witnesses, are convicted felons serving prison sentences. She also acknowledged that Mr. So was motivated by a financial reward and also that Ms. Crane failed to pick out Mr. Markhasev in a police lineup after his arrest nearly two months after Mr. Cosby's death.
Mr. Hall referred to Mr. So as just one of the ''bottom-dwelling witnesses in this case.'' Mr. So told two different stories when he called The Enquirer, Mr. Hall said. He said the jailhouse letters that were turned over by an informer now serving time for bank robbery in a Federal prison in Texas were in two types of handwriting and had inaccuracies that would not come from someone who knew the case.
Mr. Hall showed the jury a composite sketch drawn from Ms. Crane's description of the killer, along with a photograph of Mr. Zakaria, saying the long nose and rounded chin looked more like the Government witness than the defendant. And he said that there was a 45-minute gap between the departure of Mr. Markhasev from the Bel Air home with Mr. Zakaria and Ms. Peters and the killing. He said that Mr. Markhasev was being dropped off at home during the slaying. Mr. Zakaria and Ms. Peters returned to the Bel Air home for drugs, he said, and they are the only ones who know who killed Mr. Cosby.
''Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, when you get to the end of this case, the evidence will show you beyond any doubt that the real person who did this killing was Eli Zakaria,'' Mr. Hall said.BACK-ROOM BENCH: Politics and the Courts; A Bronx Judiciary Awash in Patronage, All Legal
This article is by Clifford J. Levy, Kevin Flynn, Leslie Eaton and Andy Newman.
Published: January 3, 2004
Last summer, Justice Douglas E. McKeon, up for re-election to State Supreme Court in the Bronx, decided he needed to raise some campaign money. The judge, though, did not turn to the residents of the Bronx to back his candidacy. Instead, his campaign solicited money from scores of lawyers, including many who regularly appear before him in court. Within weeks, his campaign had reaped more than $50,000.
Justice McKeon's mixing of politics and the courts is neither illegal nor isolated. Over the years, the roughly 20 judges who handle civil litigation in Supreme Court in the Bronx -- virtually all of whom owe their jobs to the Bronx Democratic Party -- have operated, day in and day out, in a world suffused with politics.
Consider, for instance, the court's dealings with Gerald L. Sheiowitz. Judges on what is known as the civil term of the Supreme Court in the Bronx have awarded him more than $300,000 in legal work in recent years, a formidable sum among the lawyers who work the courtrooms on the Grand Concourse.
No one disputes that Mr. Sheiowitz is a lawyer in good standing. But courthouse regulars also understand why Mr. Sheiowitz was treated so generously. He is the treasurer of the Bronx Democratic Party. That fact may also help explain why judges in the Bronx have awarded his daughter more than $50,000 in court work, even though she is not a lawyer.
For much of the last year, prosecutors and top state court officials have examined the reach and effect of politics on the state's judiciary, from Brooklyn to Buffalo. The results of their inquiries, by their own admission, have been grim: the presence of politics is so pervasive that public confidence in the courts has been damaged.
Reform is overdue, the state's chief judge, Judith S. Kaye, has declared.
The Bronx courthouse is certainly not unique in its troubles. But an examination of court records, interviews with judges and lawyers, and hours spent in the courtrooms reveal that its workings are emblematic of the problems identified by Judge Kaye and others.
Almost no one is elected to the bench without possessing deep political connections. Favored lawyers get most of the legal work doled out by the judges. Even the law clerks and secretaries -- the judges' assistants who wield daily influence in the courtrooms -- are mostly political appointees who got their jobs largely because of whom they know.
No judges here have been indicted or sent to prison, in contrast to what has occurred in Brooklyn. The Bronx judges say that they are honest and hard-working and that they have been unfairly tainted by the scandals elsewhere. And to some lawyers and court officials, the judges handling civil cases for the Bronx's top trial court do run a fairly efficient courthouse.
Still, two of the Bronx judges have been censured by a state ethics panel for their conduct. Another two, including the judge responsible for overseeing all civil litigation, are former high-ranking Bronx Democratic officials who were deemed unqualified to serve on the bench by the city bar association when they first ran for election.
The political influence inside the courthouse stretches across decades. It is as obvious and acknowledged today, with the borough's Democratic Party dominated by Hispanic politicians, as it was when the party was run by the old guard of Irish, Jewish and Italian leaders.
In an interview, the administrative judge for the Bronx civil term, Gerald V. Esposito, defended his judges and the quality of justice they oversee. Justice Esposito is a former Democratic district leader who had no judicial experience when he was elected in 1994. At the time, the city bar association found him unqualified; he said the association came to that determination because back then, it was biased against candidates with party connections.
''This system is, by and large, a terrific system,'' he said.
But four snapshots of life in the Bronx courthouse capture, at minimum, some of that system's weak spots.
Judgeship, via Legislature
The career of George Friedman -- his personally engineered move from politician to Bronx judge and dispenser of courthouse spoils -- sums up much about the political grip on the courthouse.
In the early 1990's, Assemblyman Friedman, the Bronx Democratic leader, was essentially facing extinction. He ruled an increasingly Hispanic borough, and it was only a matter of time before a rising class of Hispanic Democrats ousted him.
So in 1994, Mr. Friedman found an alternative. He introduced a bill in Albany to create a new State Supreme Court judgeship in the Bronx. He won the crucial backing of the Bronx Republican leader, State Senator Guy J. Velella, a lawyer whose firm has long won lucrative appointments from Bronx judges.
The bill passed. And so one day in September, Mr. Friedman handed over the party reins to Assemblyman Roberto Ramirez, making himself eligible to become a judge. The same day, the party nominated Mr. Friedman to run for an open State Supreme Court seat.
It was not the first time Mr. Friedman had used Albany to expand the party's influence over the bench. In the early 1980's, as a junior assemblyman, he helped create a separate judicial district for the Bronx, cleaving it from a joint Manhattan-Bronx one.Single machine scheduling to minimize total weighted earliness subject to minimal number of tardy jobs
Motivated by just-in-time manufacturing, we consider a single machine scheduling problem with dual criteria, i.e., the minimization of the total weighted earliness subject to minimum number of tardy jobs. We discuss several dominance properties of optimal solutions. We then develop a heuristic algorithm with time complexity O(n3) and a branch and bound algorithm to solve the problem. The computational experiments show that the heuristic algorithm is effective in terms of solution quality in many instances while the branch and bound algorithm is efficient for medium-size): 195 (2009)
Issue (Month): 1 (May)
Pages: 89-97
References listed on IDEAS
Please report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on "citations" and make appropriate adjustments.:
- Chen, Chuen-Lung & Bulfin, Robert L., 1993. "Complexity of single machine, multi-criteria scheduling problems," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 70(1), pages 115-125, October.
- Chand, Suresh & Schneeberger, Hans, 1988. "Single machine scheduling to minimize weighted earliness subject to no tardy jobs," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 34(2), pages 221-230, March.
- Sridharan, V. & Zhou, Z., 1996. "A decision theory based scheduling procedure for single-machine weighted earliness and tardiness problems," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 94(2), pages 292-301, Oct.
- Guner, Ertan & Erol, Serpil & Tani, Kazuo, 1998. "One machine scheduling to minimize the maximum earliness with minimum number of tardy jobs," International Journal of Production Economics, Elsevier, vol. 55(2), pages 213-219, July.
- Wan, Guohua & Yen, Benjamin P. -C., 2002. "Tabu search for single machine scheduling with distinct due windows and weighted earliness/tardiness penalties," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 142(2), pages 271-281, October.
- Nagar, Amit & Haddock, Jorge & Heragu, Sunderesh, 1995. "Multiple and bicriteria scheduling: A literature survey," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 81(1), pages 88-104, February.
- Pathumnakul, Supachai & Egbelu, Pius J., 2005. "Algorithm for minimizing weighted earliness penalty in single-machine problem," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 161(3), pages 780-796, March.
- Koksalan, Murat & Burak Keha, Ahmet, 2003. "Using genetic algorithms for single-machine bicriteria scheduling problems," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 145(3), pages 543-556, March.
- Mazzini, Renata & Armentano, Vinicius A., 2001. "A heuristic for single machine scheduling with early and tardy costs," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 128(1), pages 129-146, January.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:eee:ejores:v:195.Jazz legend Pat Martino Masterclass – April 8th in London
Legendary jazz guitarist Pat Martino will be giving a UK masterclass on Wednesday April 8th, at The Bedford, Balham SW12, from 6-10pm.
The event will be hosted by the Institute of Contemporary Music Performance, and Guitar Getaways Guitar Events.
Historic record label Blue Note CEO Bruce Lundvall recently remarked that in his opinion, Martino is "probably the greatest jazz guitarist alive today".
Martino is also one of the most influential guitar educators of his generation. Over the past 20 years, his guitar method has become essential study for any serious aspiring guitar player.
This is a rare opportunity for students to spend time learning directly from a true master.
Tickets for this important guitar education event are now on sale at the Guitar Getaways website, at a reduced special price of just £32.25.
For more information, please visit the site above, send anThe Fine Print
Reprinted, 2000
Updated and reprinted, 2001
Reprinted, 2002
Updated and Reprinted, 2003
Updated, 2004
Updated and Reprinted, 2006
Updated and reprinted, 2007
Reprinted, 2008
Updated and reprinted, 2010
Updated and reprinted, 2012, current with all 2011 laws.
California Tenants - A Guide to Residential Tenants' and Landlords' Rights and Responsibilities was written by the Department of Consumer Affairs' Legal Affairs Division and was produced by the Department's Office of Publications, Design & Editing. The 1998 printing of this booklet was funded by a grant from the California Consumer Protection Foundation.
The California Department of Fair Employment and Housing contributed to the text on unlawful discrimination in housing. booklet may be copied, if (1) the meaning of copied text is not changed or misrepresented, (2) credit is given to the Department of Consumer Affairs, and (3) all copies are distributed free of charge.
For information on ordering copies of this booklet, an order form is available.
2012 EditionProcess improvement across projects and organizations
Creating and Utilizing Logic Models and Strategy Maps to Focus Teams and Simplify Project Management
June 03, 2015
11:00 AM - 12:30 PM EST
This webinar explains how strategy maps and logic models can help an organization accomplish its mission and achieve desired outcomes.
Boiling the Frog and Other Ways to Manage Change within an Organization
June 09, 2015
11:00 AM - 12:30 PM EST
This webinar is for you if: 1) your organization needs to change to stay competitive; 2) attempts to make positive changes in the past have failed; or 3) you need to convince your executive leadership of the need for change....
Read more about this expert.
Bill Curtis is Senior Vice President and Chief Scientist with Cast Software, a leader in providing technology for measuring and evaluating application software quality. He co-authored the Capability Maturity Model (CMM), the People CMM, and the Business Process MM. Until its acquisition by Borland he was Co-founder and Chief Scientist of TeraQuest, the global leader in providing CMM-based services. He is a former Director of the Software Process Program in the Software Engineering Institute at C...
Read more about this expert.
Dr. David Zubrow manages the software measurement and analysis program at Carnegie Mellon's Software Engineering Institute (SEI). Since his arrival at the SEI in 1992, Dr. Zubrow has been a member of the CMMI Product Development Team and the lead developer of the Software Process Maturity Questionnaire. He is authorized by the SEI as an instructor for Implementing Goal-Driven Software Measurement, Introduction to the CMM, and Lead Assessor Training courses. He is also an authorized Lead Assessor...
Read more about this expert.
Beth Layman is a successful performance improvement consultant, facilitator, teacher, and coach with 30 years of experience in commercial, government, aerospace, and software organizations. She is a recognized authority on measurement and model-based process improvement, a published author, and a popular speaker. Beth's consulting credentials are supported by time spent in industry as an individual contributor, change agent and senior executive. Beth is an SEI-Certified SCAMPI Lead Appraiser f...
Read more about this expert.
Michael West has over 30 years experience innovating how software and systems are developed and delivered. Mr. West is co-founder of Natural Systems Process Improvement, a consultancy providing expertise in process and performance improvement. Mr. West is author of the 2004 book, "Real Process Improvement Using the CMMI," as well as numerous articles and presentations.
Read more about this expert....
Read more about this expert.
Neil Potter has been working in software design, engineering and process management since 1985. In 1988 Neil was an SEPG manager in a TI software development group, spanning USA, India and England. He has a B.Sc. in Computer Science from the University of Essex in England and Six Sigma Greenbelt certification from the University of Michigan.
Read more about this expert.
About ITMPI | FAQ | Site Map | Privacy Policy | Contact UsDuluth students work to end bullying in Path to Peace Walk
Monday, Nov 10 at 9:40 AM
DULUTH, MINN. (NNCNOW.COM) --- Students at East High School in Duluth say the large number of their peers who are bullied every day is unacceptable. On Saturday, those students did something about it.
National movement to end bullying arrives in Duluth
Duluth, MN (NNCNOW.com) - A national movement to provide children and adults with the tools and resources to end bullying arrived in Duluth Thursday night.
Theater group gives Two Harbors students lesson on bullycide.
News Alerts-
- Written by LayzieTheSavage and Jason Nawara
We talked to Uriah Hall about TUF 17, thrown fights and 5 round TUF finales
My first encounter with Uriah Hall involved the middleweight stubbing his toe on my shoe as he walked to the locker room. This was not my fault, although I will raise my hand and take the blame. When he stubbed his toe, Uriah flashed a scary look in my direction and growled 'you better watch out' to which I replied, 'I will never hurt you more than I just did right there.' Uriah burst out laughing, I smiled, and the thoughts of having to escape the gym with my face-bones intact became a little less of a pressing reality.
Uriah Hall is a ridiculously nice human-being. Borderline jolly. In my opinion, no one who is this nice should be able to do damage with his bare hands like he does, but it's this juxtaposition of his bubbly personality and his skills in the cage that make for a fascinating interview.
A week after his loss to Kelvin Gustalem in the TUF 17 finale, we sat down with Uriah to discuss that fight, why no one is giving Kelvin any props, if TUF finale fights should be five rounds, and a host of other subjects (including the ridiculous notion that he threw the fight).
It's a good one.We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
In search of Susan Rachleff? You'll need our people search tools. PeopleFinders.com has an information database to help you find a person based on age, past residences, relatives, aliases, and more. Susan Rachleff was born in 1942 and is 73 years old. Known relatives include Amy Rachleff Lasko, Melvyn Rachleff, Jodi E Weinsier, Nel Rachleff, Robyn C Rachleff, Amy L Rachceff, Louis Rachleff, Hollander S Rachleff.
It's likely that you'll find more than one Susan Rachle Rachleff.
Find the right Susan Rachle Rachleff and others with our easy to use tools.Private equity should be in its element. The European industry is still sitting on EUR75 billion of capital to deploy, according to data provider Preqin, while investors' hunt for yield is supporting a healthy debt market. Yet deals by European private-equity firms, including acquisitions and exits, fell 22% to $124 billion in 2012. Aside from 2009, that makes it the worst year since 2003, says Dealogic. And 2013 may not be much better.
From distressed sellers to battered stock-market valuations, there ought to be no shortage of opportunities for private equity. Indeed, some buyout groups are still in deal mode. Last year Advent International acquired Frankfurt-listed retailer Douglas for EUR1.5 billion and PAI Partners bought Milan-listed sunglasses maker Marcolin for EUR200 million. But others are sitting on their hands: One of Europe's biggest buyout firms, Apax Partners, did no deals at all.
So what's holding deal-making back? Companies aren't doing big scale M&A, reducing the supply of non-core businesses that historically provided private equity's bread and butter. CEOs are also reluctant to sell businesses that will cause earnings to drop, or prompt write-downs, say investment bankers. Elsewhere, changes to the U.K.'s takeover rules have zapped the take-private market. If talks are leaked, the would-be bidder must state it is considering an offer and then has 28 days to make it formal or walk away for six months. Take-privates worth $2.3 billion accounted for just 10% of private-equity deals by value in the U.K. last year, down from 58% in 2007, notes Dealogic. Instead, private equity firms could remain reliant on shuffling companies between themselves: secondary buyouts in Europe accounted for one third of private equity's acquisitions by value in 2012, notes Dealogic.
Nor is selling proving any easier. Private equity firms are struggling to find trade buyers for some large assets, while the stock market is fickle. CVC Capital Partners, which shelved plans for an IPO of German printing ink maker Flint Group in 2010, failed to sell on auction last year. And Permira ended a sales process for frozen foods business Iglo Group when two private-equity bidders clubbed together, disrupting the auction.
Investors are increasingly having to accept that a generation of assets will be held by private equity for a decade, with any cash returns coming by way of refinancing. That's hardly what many signed up for.POTOMAC FALLS, Va. –.
Solomon had his third consecutive round in the 60s.
''I hit a lot of greens, which gave me a bunch of opportunities to score,'' Solomon said. ''I didn't get in too much trouble all day and that was key to my success out there. ...
''I do like playing with the lead and I think I will be fine tomorrow. I had three wins last summer, and I had the lead in all of them heading into the final round. I am pretty confident.''
McDaniel had six birdies in his bogey-free round.
' played well and didn't make a single bogey. I made some really good par saves on four, five and six, which helped me stay consistent throughout the rest of the round.''
Gillman had four birdies and three bogeys in her third straight under-par round.
''My ball striking was solid throughout the day and I made a few really good putts,'' Gillman said. ''I need to hit it well again tomorrow and make a few putts to have a chance. It's going to be fun.''Enhancement Details
Select one or more of the following search criteria to get information on particular product enhancements.
Items found: 5.
- 9.1 Automatic Share to Project PreferenceA new ProjectLink preference is available for Integral PDMLink and ProjectLink installations to enable/disable automatically sharing objects to a project during Windchill client retrievals.May 22, 2015
FORT WORTH, Texas (AP) - Asher Clark and Jared Tew each ran for
more than 100 yards with two touchdowns and Air Force's top-ranked
passing defense had six interceptions against NCAA passing leader of the interceptions, and Chris Thomas
had two picks to go with his 12 tackles.
Keenum was 22 of 38 with a season-low 203 yards and a touchdown
for the Cougars (10-4). In his other 13 games this season, he had
only nine interceptions while throwing for 5,449 yards with.11:01 AM Monday 5/23/11
|
|
Tweet
Got a hankerin’ to see Eric Clapton perform south of the equator? How about Van Halen in Australia? We have the ticket info of which you seek.
Rolling into South America Oct. 6 when he headlines Estacionamento Da Fiergs in Porto Alegre, Brazil, Clapton’s run through the continent also takes him to Rio’s HSBC Arena Oct. 9; Sao Paulo, Brazil, at Morumbi Stadium Oct. 12, Buenos Aires, Argentina, at Estadio River Plate Oct. 14 and Santiago, Chile, at Estadio Nacional Oct. 16.
Ticketing service LivePass.com.br will handle onsales for three of Clapton’s South American gigs with Sao Paulo going up today; Rio de Janeiro May 26 and Porto Alegre June 15. Tickets for the Buenos Aires concert go on sale June 3 through Ticketek.com.ar.
Information for the Santiago onsale has not yet been announced. Check out EricClapton.com and the Where’s Eric! official fan club website for more information.
Rose Garden, Portland, Ore.February 28, 2011
(Justin Brady)
|
While no one in Van Halen has officially commented about 2011 tour plans, Australia’s new traveling music festival – Soundwave Revolution – stoked fans’ desires and needs when it announced it had snagged the band, including original frontman David Lee Roth, to headline a lineup that also features Alice Cooper, Bad Religion, Danzig, The Sisters Of Mercy, Panic! At The Disco and Hole.
General onsales for Soundwave Revolution begin this week and are broken down by city with Brisbane ducats going up for registered members May 24; Sydney May 25; Melbourne May 26 and Adelaide and Perth scheduled for May 27. All presales begin at 9 a.m. local time.
Madison Square Garden Arena, New York City.May 23, 2008
(AP Photo)
Missing the presales means you’ll have to wait until the public onsales begin June 2. Visit SoundwaveRevolution.com for more info.
--Jay Smith
|
|
Use of information on this website is subject to
License Agreement.
Tickets for dates listed may not yet be on sale. Dates may change without notice.Joe Gannon
From BoxRec
Name: Joe Gannon
Birth Name: Joseph C. Gannon, Jr.
Born: 1927-01-19
Birthplace: Washington, District of Columbia, USA
Died: 1989-11-09 (Age:62)
Hometown: Washington, District of Columbia, USA
Boxing Record: click
- Started boxing as a boy with the Police Boys Club and later at the Christ Child Settlement House and the Merrick Boys Club. In 1943, he won the Washington Golden Gloves welterweight championship and in 1944 the National AAU welterweight championship. While serving in the Army during World War II, he won the European theater title in the light-heavyweight divison. He also worked as a sparring partner for Rocky Marciano and retired in 1948. He was appointed coordinator of boxing for the Metropolitan Police boys clubs in 1949. He was appointed an inspector on the D.C. Boxing Commission in 1956.Kingdom of Plants 3D premieres
Guests arrived at a packed Princess Anne Theatre, BAFTA last week to watch the premiere of David Attenborough’s third 3D project – Kingdom of Plants 3D. We go behind the scenes…
This article is brought to you in association with 3D specialists Presteigne Charter was produced by Atlantic Productions with Sky 3D. Anthony Geffen was the Executive Producer, Martin Williams was the series Director, Tim Cragg was the DOP, Skip Howard was the Stereographer and Jacquie Pepall (Dimension Media) was the Stereo Supervisor., high speed (using Phantom cameras), 3D night-vision and infra-red sequences.. We would know within five also. However, this was done for editorial reasons.”
One of the concerns for any 3D production is the reduction in brightness believe laser-based projection technology could begin to reach theatres by the end of 2013.
However, whilst that might offer a solution in the long term, Kingdom of Plants 3D has been produced for television too. When 3D Focus asked about this issue, ONSIGHT's Richard Mills replied  now comes through well with 3D is textures. We saw that with the fossils in Flying Monsters 3D, and we see it in the macro photography in the plants with Kingdom of Plants. If you can light to bring out the textures, it really makes the 3D experience all that much more phenomenal. audience.”
The first episode of KINGDOM OF PLANTS 3D WITH DAVID ATTENBOROUGH airs on the 26th May 2012 at 6pm on Sky 3D and will be simulcast in 2D on Sky Atlantic HD.
For more information about ONSIGHT click here
For more information about Atlantic Productions click here
For more information about Dimension Media click here
Full episode synopses below.
MAKING OF KINGDOM OF PLANTS 3D DISCUSSION VIDEO
FULL SYNOPSES
3D technology reveals a whole new dimension in the lives of plants, from the most bizarre to the most beautiful. In this sensational series, David Attenborough explores their fascinating world, which was shot over the course of a year on location at Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew and in other controlled environments using a variety of 3D filming techniques and computer enhanced imagery. Using 3D time-lapse and pioneering techniques in 3D macro photography, he traces them from their beginnings on land to their vital place in nature today,..
Episode 1: Life in the Wet Zone. (26th May? He marvels with signature enthusiasm at orchids, the largest family of flowering plants. Many of these captivating flowers evolved to be pollinated by a single insect species and in doing so developed such complicated contraptions of pollination it’s hard to imagine anything more beautiful. One orchid even looks like a bee.
Episode 2: Solving the Secrets. (2nd June) David uses the latest 3D technology to explore a world beyond the confines of our human senses. He begins with the secret world of plant movement and uses sinister carnivorous plants to show just how active plants can be.. David concludes the film, how it uses a combination of heat and powerful scent to punch a hole in the stratified layers of air in the rainforest, enabling it to broadcast its presence across vast distances.
Episode 3: Survival. (9th June). The scene typifies the unique splendour of the 3D experience as bats seem to fly out of the screen and into the viewers’ living room.. Cracking the code to plants’ survival strategies is the key to protecting their future and Kew have built a high tech long-term solution fifty miles south of the Gardens. Described as mankind’s ultimate insurance policy, and with 10% already safely stored deep frozen, Kew’s Millennium Seed Bank has the capacity to store seeds from the vast majority of remaining species of plant on the planet, thus saving plants from extinction in the future.
FREE WEEKLY 3D NEWS BULLETIN – SUBSCRIBEFollow @3dfocuslive
Pingback: 3D film about plants - Tree of Souls - An Avatar Community Forum
Pingback: Kingdom of Plants 3D premieres | Designer 3d GlassesMay 22, 2015
DALLAS (AP) - This week marks the 29th anniversary of an attempt
by Nelson Bunker Hunt and his brothers to buy up the silver market.
The collapse of that effort by the sons of Dallas oil tycoon H.L. Hunt took with it a large part of the Hunt fortune.
Bunker Hunt was once considered the world's richest private individual. But he was left with lawsuits, bankruptcy and tax problems in the aftermath of what has become known as Silver Thursday.
Now 83, he lives in relative modesty in a North Dallas house with his wife of 57 years. He and his brothers lost more than $2 billion dollars and Bunker Hunt ended up filing for bankruptcy. But he says he has no.Reckless endangerment seems to be the calling card of Justin Bieber where ever he seems to land. This time he and his father’s alleged card “extremely abusive verbal” conduct on a recent flight to New Jersey is being examined by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) reported CNN. The 19-year-old singer has left a tattered trail of bad boy behavior all over the United States and even in Canada, where he was recently arrested in Toronto and “accused of assaulting his limousine driver in December of 2013.”
This time Bieber and his father is said to have tagged teamed in engaging in atrocious behavior while on the flight to attend Sunday’s Super Bowl in the chartered jet, which may have bordered on the criminal. According to CNN, during the flight the youthful singer, his father and members of his group made insulting and threatening comments to the flight attendant which is completely against FAA regulations.
The regulations are quite clear, and they state in part that, “No person may assault, threaten, intimidate, or interfere with a crew member in the performance of the crew member’s duties aboard an aircraft,” according to CNN.
The abhorrent behavior escalated to the point where Bieber and his followers’ pot smoking resulted in being warned by the pilot to stop smoking the marijuana, according to by U.S. Customs and Border Protection report.
The pot smoke had become so thick, that according to CNN, “the pilots donned oxygen masks to keep them from inhaling the pot smoke.” In fact once the plane had landed at Teterboro, Federal agents from Drug Enforcement Administration, CBP and Immigration and Customs Enforcement searched the plane with drug-sniffing dogs to see if any drugs remained on the plane. Dogs found no remaining pot on board.
Bieber and his entourage at to cool their heels while border agents questioned them to determine if they should be admitted into the United States. So the question is where what is the status of the 106,000 signature petition sitting on Obama’s desk requesting that he boot this bad boy from Canada back to the frozen tundra?
The pilot and the flight staff of the chartered flight he took certainly would like an affirmative response from President Obama on the petition to boot him out permanently.
__________________________________
- New York Construction Worker – Angel of the Night Feeds City’s Homeless.
"Fun Buns"
Tia Freaxxx
"Sparkle And Shine"
Dee
"Bathing Bootys"
Jade Nacole
"Miss Round Booty"
Sasha Simmons
"Bustin Out"
Aryana Adin
"Ww Ass"
Melea
"So Amazing"
Lola James
"Mounds Of Jello"
Jenna
"Bubble Ass"
Bonnie Amor
"Juicy Ass Jezabel"
Jezabel Vessir would lead to an unmanageable level of additional national debt, have been stalling the bill. But Democrats are hopeful that the appointment of Carte Goodwin to fill the seat vacated by the death of Sen. Robert Byrd (D-W. Va.) will provide the vote needed to release the bill from a stall generated by Senate Republicans.
Goodwin, once a key staff member for West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin, is to be sworn in as the interim doctors from a drastic cut in Medicare rates scheduled to be enacted on June 18, and would have offered emergency unemployment benefits to over 5 million people. As a result of the blocking of the bill, an estimated 1.2 million people stopped receiving checks at the close of June..”A vaccine to prevent infection with a common herpes virus, the Epstein-Barr Virus (EBV), could help prevent up to 200,000 new cancers worldwide each year, say Cancer Research UK.
More work is needed to develop a vaccine against EBV, which is linked to a number of cancers including lymphoma, according to experts.
Research funded by the charity led to the identification of the virus and its association with cancer 50 years ago.
.
Story continues below the slideshow:.
See Also:
Women Take Bare-Faced Selfies To Spread Cancer Awareness - Would You Do It?
Sophie Jones, Teenager Dies From Cervical Cancer After Being Told She Was Too Young For A Smear Test."
LIKE HUFFPOST UK LIFESTYLE ON FACEBOOK | FOLLOW US ON TWITTER.Japanese importers profiteering by exploiting devalued Yen
Started May 17, 2013 | Discussions thread
rhlpetrus wrote:
camera makers and sellers should have raised price of cameras when the Yen increased in value much more than 30% a few years back. It didn't happen, the profits just went down. Now they are likely recovering part of that.
Good point.
--March 29, 2011
FITCHBURG, Mass. (March 29, 2011) - The University of Massachusetts Boston baseball team notched a 12-9 victory over Fitchburg State Tuesday afternoon at Riccards Field. With the win, the Beacons remain unbeaten since their return to New England following a nine-game Florida road trip and are currently on a four-game winning streak.
UMass Boston scored 12 runs on 15 hits as the Beacons were able to fight off a Fitchburg State comeback and post their fifth victory of the season. The Beacons were led offensively by senior Conner Reinfurt (Manchester, N.H./Northfield Mt. Herman) who finished 2-for-5 with a homerun, two runs scored and three RBI. Classmate Ryan Walsh (Newton, Mass./Newton) was also solid, going 2-for-3 with a homer, two RBI and three runs scored, while junior Mark McCormack (Shelton, Conn./Shelton) notched a 3-for-4 performance with a double and a pair of RBI.
Senior Nick Rocheleau (Leominster, Mass./Leominster) sparked the Fitchburg State offense with a 3-for-5 day, including an RBI and one run scored, while classmate Brian Ware (Beverly. Mass./Beverly) finished 2-for- with two RBI. Senior Dave Alexander (Torrington, Conn./Torrington) chipped in with a two-run single.
Sophomore Tom Cole (Mattapoisett, Mass./Old Rochester) picked up the win for the Beacons allowing three earned runs on eight hits (3 K's) in six innings of work, while freshman Gabe May (Portsmouth, N.H./Portsmouth) pitched the final two innings to pick up his first save of the year. Sophomore Tynan Flegg (Calgary, AB/National Sports Academy) suffered the setback for the Falcons, allowing eight earned runs on eight hits (1 K) in three innings of work.
UMass Boston quickly went up 9-0 after five innings of play, keyed by a two-run homer by Reinfurt and a two-run double by McCormack. Despite facing an uphill battle, Fitchburg State cut the Beacon lead to 9-3 in the sixth on RBI singles by Rocheleau and senior John Phelan (Walpole, Mass./Walpole) and eventually narrowed its deficit to only one (9-8) with a five run, seventh frame.
The Falcons comeback attempt fell just short however as the Beacons put the game away, scoring three runs over the final two innings paced by a crucial two-run homerun from Walsh. Junior pitcher Perry Russo (East Hartford, Conn./East Hartford) kept Fitchburg State in the contest with five innings of three-run relief work, while senior Marshall Miller (Greenfield, Mass./Greenfield) tossed a one-run ninth.
Fitchburg State (5-7, 0-0 MASCAC) returns to action on Thursday as it hosts Newbury College at 3:30 p.m. UMass Boston (5-7, 0-0 LEC) visits Saint Joseph's College (Me.) tomorrow at 3:30 p.m.
*Release courtesy of FSU Sports Information Dept.You are a fan of blarney play~ ? Come to discover the best forums blarney play~ on the internet and share your experience with a community fan of blarney play~ . You can also build a forum blarney
We only do everything
play, station, only, everything
Free forum : This forum is connected to the website http: //danilynnea. wix. com/creekpack which is an online wolf pack
creek-pack-wix, wolf, roleplay, pack, creek, com/creekpack, online, role.play, snowy.star
The original fantasy play by post RP.
astral, tedranog, original, fantasy, play, post, dragon, phoenix, human, magic, forum, forumotion, limited, rules, creative, creativity, diversity, diverse, mythical, myth, medieval
Free forum : Role-PlayBILLY CONNOLLY is to celebrate his 70th birthday with a string of sell-out gigs in the US.
The Big Yin will perform five two-hour shows in San Francisco, followed by two nights in New York.
He had originally planned one show in the Big Apple but added a second date to meet demand from fans.
An insider said: “Billy still has the energy to do a series of two-hour plus shows that would put younger comedians to shame.
“Younger comics like Michael McIntyre, Peter Kay and Rob Brydon may be selling out shows in the UK, but none of them can match Billy’s popularity in the US.
“And at 70, he is showing them how it should be done across the Pond.”
As he approaches his landmark birthday on November 24, Connolly has never been busier.
He has been revealed as an ambassador for the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. And he has also just premiered his latest movie Quartet.
The film, which stars Maggie Smith, Tom Courtenay and Pauline Collins, is about a home for retired opera singers.
The Big Yin’s next big screen role will be as axe-wielding dwarf Dane Ironfoot in Peter Jackson’s The Hobbit saga.
Earlier this month, Connolly revealed in an interview that he wanted to grow old disgracefully.
He says men his age should stay interested in pop music, avoid dressing like their wives and have plenty of sex.- Musician's Friend Best Selection, Price & Service. Guaranteed.
Call our Gear Heads
at: 800-449-9128
Call our Gear Heads
at: 800-449-9128.
Celebrate Steve's 20th anniversary with this special signature guitar. Order today.
Reviews
Reviewed by 5 customers
Sort by
Pros
Cons
Best Uses
Comments about Music Man Steve Morse Y2D Guitar with Standard Bridge:
Only the second guitar I bought without playing it first. Did my research and all the hype wasn't hype, it was dead-on fact. This guitar is amazing. I play it more than my silverburst Gibson Les Paul Custom, my custom Charvel San Dimas, my Adrian Smith Jackson, my American Fat Strat Texas Special,.....sounds incredible through my JVM410H, and even makes the old Cyber Twin sound usable. Incredible action (I put 11s on it immediately), looks (my wife even likes it), build (American made Baby!), sound (look at my list of other guitars), feel (great balance and neck back is a dream), value (well, you get what you pay for - you hope!), and any other positive thing they say on youtube. Steve Morse played one, Joe Bonamassa played one, what more do you need?
Comments about Music Man Steve Morse Y2D Guitar with Standard Bridge:
The Steve Morse Y2D is the most amazing guitar I have ever played! It has super fast action and so many tones! I was a Fender fan before, but I never want to play my strat again! The neck feels amazing. I just can't say enough about this true work of art!
Comments about Music Man Steve Morse Y2D Guitar with Standard Bridge:
Bought this guitar but was not sure I would like it. Had a few MM Stingrays in the past, one was good and one was outstanding, so I knew the quality would be good. Not a fan of high output pups...use PAF style and vintage low-output single coils. I have never liked a modern high output type pickups. Plugged this thing into a non-master marshall...was not sure and confused the first time...then started playing with volume and tone and I simply cannot got over the amount of usable tones I can get out of this thing! Incredible! Roll back the volume and tone and get great clean, even beautiful jazz, tone. Add the single and get Fender spank. Twist the volume the other way and get your rock on...bridge and neck 'buckers are totally different characters but work together wonderfully. Neck has a really fat lead tone and bridge has the rock rhythm Mojo. Bridge also sounds great for soloing low...really can't make it sound bad. My main guitars are a really beat in EJ strat and a Suhr HSS strat. I check a guitar and compare it to these and other I've owned: PRS, Tyler, Gibson, Fender, Suhr, Collings etc... This is one of the best I've ever played, for what ever thats worth, and it's so versatile it's a must have! Went to practice this morning with my strat, after playing the Morse until 2am, and immediately was wanting more beef! Never thought it would happen.
Comments about Music Man Steve Morse Y2D Guitar with Standard Bridge:
I've now owned my Y2D for 2 yrs. To be honest, I tried to sell it after I had it a few months because I just didn't feel it was my style of guitar, Too fancy, super fast, and like driving a Ferrari on a family van handling experience. Luckily, no one was willing to buy it even at #300 less than it's listed for. The tones and easy of play are remarkable, very fast, extremely fast neck, smooth wonderful feel and styling. The finish is gorgeous and lays wonderfully in ones hands. I gave it a lower Value score just because I'm cheap I guess, and I even paid a bit less two years ago. A very well built guitar that you aren't going to feel short changed on.
Comments about Music Man Steve Morse Y2D Guitar with Standard Bridge:
I have had this guitar for over a year and love it. I was getting a new pickup installed in a strat and played the y2d as I waited. The next day I traded in a ibanez and a gibson sg to help me get this guitar. The guitar plays better then anything . The neck feels awsome and it sounds killer. It is my most played guitar. The best american made electric.
Our product catalog varies by country due to manufacturer restrictions. If you change the Ship-To country, some or all of the items in your cart may not ship to the new destination.NEWARK — A man and his mother were arrested by state troopers less than 48 hours apart – one for a road-rage incident involving a gun, the other for eluding a trooper and resisting arrest.
Son and mom were driving the same car at the time of the alleged incidents, authorities say.
Parrish Foster-Evans, 27, allegedly pointed a gun at a man and his family on the Garden State Parkway on Saturday afternoon. His mother, Krista Evans, 42, is accused of driving while talking on a cell phone on Monday morning – and then eluding troopers and later resisting arrest by detectives at her home, said Sgt. Adam Grossman of the New Jersey State Police.
Foster-Evans, a security guard, was allegedly driving a beige Nissan southbound from I-80 westbound onto the Parkway southbound around 2:25 p.m., Grossman said. Foster-Evans allegedly got into an altercation with another driver – and pointed his legally-registered gun at the victim and his family, said Grossman.
The victim gave a good description of the suspect and vehicle, and the license plate numbers. State troopers later located the beige Nissan at Foster-Evans’ Newark home, Grossman said.
Evans, the mother, was allegedly driving the same beige car south on the Parkway around milepost 144 at 9:40 a.m. on Monday, Grossman said. She was allegedly holding the cell phone in her hand and talking on it while driving – and a trooper attempted to pull her over, Grossman said. But she allegedly kept driving and left the highway at Exit 140A, with the trooper deciding not to give chase.
The trooper noted the vehicle's license plate number, but didn’t immediately recognize it - but detectives at the state police’s Bloomfield barracks remembered it from the incident two days earlier, Grossman said.
The same beige Nissan was spotted in front of the same Newark residence – and when detectives attempted to arrest Evans, she resisted them, Grossman said.
Foster-Evans, the son, was charged with unlawful possession of a weapon and aggravated assault and taken to Bergen County Jail, Grossman said. His bail was set at $50,000 with no 10-percent cash option.
Evans, the mother, was charged with eluding and resisting arrest – and police discovered that she had $5,000 in unspecified criminal warrants from other jurisdictions, Grossman said. She was taken to the Essex County Jail, where her bail was set at $50,000, with no 10-percent cash option, he added.Irrational Games announces ‘1999 Mode’ for BioShock Infinite19 Jan 2012
Irrational Games has revealed the ‘1999 Mode’ for BioShock Infinite, which by the sounds of it will make the game harder, just like the good old days.
Irrational polled their fans to find out how they wanted to play Irrational’s games and it appears gamers actually do want to be challenged.
The 1999 Mode will feature “demanding weapon, power, and health management” and if you die you will be taken to a Gamer Over screen if you don’t have the resources to come back to life, something that modern-day gamers are probably not that familiar with.
Ken Levine, Creative Director of Irrational Games added:
 an excellent idea and it’s something we would like to see more of in games. No maps with pointers on them showing you objectives, death that means something, well the list goes on.
I think this video just about sums things up.
You can also post via a social network.Antrim Energy Inc. Reports 2013 Financial and Operational Results NEWS RELEASE TRANSMITTED BY Marketwired FOR: Antrim Energy Inc. TSX SYMBOL: AEN AIM SYMBOL: AEY MARCH 28, 2014 Antrim Energy Inc. Reports 2013 Financial and Operational Results CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - March 28, 2014) - NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE U.S. Antrim Energy Inc. ("Antrim" or "the Company") (TSX:AEN) (AIM:AEY), an international oil and gas exploration and production company, today reported its 2013 year-end financial and operational results. The results include a summary and evaluation of reserves that have been independently assessed by McDaniel & Associates Consultants Ltd. in accordance with the standards specified by National Instrument 51-101. All financial figures are unaudited and in US dollars unless otherwise noted. Corporate Update On February 7, 2014 the Company announced that. The economic date of the proposed transaction is January 1, 2014 and a $5 million deposit was received from FOE to be applied towards the purchase price. Should the Transaction be completed in April 2014, Antrim expects to have approximately $17 - $18 million in working capital after repayment of the Payment and Oil Swap. The Board of Directors of Antrim, after consultation with its financial and legal advisors, unanimously approved entering into the Agreement and recommends that Antrim shareholders approve the Transaction at a special meeting of shareholders to be held on April 4, 2014 (the "Meeting"). Full details of the Transaction are included in a management information circular (the "Circular") mailed to Antrim shareholders on February 28, 2014. Two leading independent proxy advisory firms have both recommended that Antrim shareholders vote FOR the proposed special resolution to approve the Transaction. See Going Concern on page 1 of Management's Discussion and Analysis for additional information. Antrim believes that certain factors necessitate Antrim monetizing its interest in ARNIL at the present time and without delay. Antrim is or expects to be in breach of certain covenants under its Payment and Oil Swap agreements. To date, Antrim's counterparties to these agreements have not been willing to assume additional risk that would result from granting Antrim more time to meet the covenants which are or are expected to be in breach. In the event that Antrim is unable to remedy these covenant breaches and expected covenant breaches in a manner satisfactory to Credit Suisse, Credit Suisse may declare that Antrim is in breach of its obligations and they may become due and payable in full. If this result were to occur, it would likely have serious financial consequences for Antrim. Antrim believes that the ARNIL sale delivers an attractive price for the ARNIL assets and is a fair offer. Antrim thoroughly and exhaustively considered numerous alternatives generated in conjunction with Antrim's financial advisor, Carlingford. See the Circular filed on SEDAR at for further details. If the ARNIL sale is completed, Antrim will. It is possible that following completion of the ARNIL sale, Antrim will no longer meet the minimum listing requirements of the TSX, specifically the requirement that the Company have proved developed reserves associated with one or more of its oil and gas properties. Accordingly, the Company has applied for a listing on the TSXV to be effective on or about the Completion Date (in the event that the Company no longer meets the minimum listing requirements of the TSX). In addition to further development of its remaining properties, Antrim continues to consider various international exploration opportunities where Antrim believes such opportunities will create value for Antrim Shareholders. Your vote is important. Regardless of the number of shares you own, we encourage every shareholder to participate. To be effective, proxies must be voted in advance of the meeting and, in the case of non-registered or beneficial shareholders, no later than 3:00 p.m. (Calgary Time) on April 2, 2014. For further details, refer to the management proxy circular filed on SEDAR at. Shareholders who require assistance in voting their proxy may direct their inquiry to Antrim's proxy solicitation agent, CST Phoenix Advisors, toll-free in North America at 1-800-311-0721 or by email at inquiries@phoenixadvisorscst.com. Financial Resources, Liquidity and Going Concern There are a number of material uncertainties that raise significant doubts as to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, including compliance with debt covenants, the performance of producing wells and related infrastructure, oil prices, ability to finish the planned development program for Causeway within budget, ability to secure additional financing and settlement of contingencies. See Going Concern on page 1 and Risk Factors on page 16 of Management's Discussion and Analysis for additional information. As a result of the decision to divest, the majority of the Company's UK segment assets and liabilities have been reclassified as held for sale and the operations have been accounted for as discontinued operations. Comparative figures have been reclassified to conform with this presentation (see note 4 of the consolidated audited financial statements). Antrim had a working capital surplus at December 31, 2013 of $0.8 million compared to a working capital deficiency of $10.7 million as at December 31, 2012. Without the reclassification of assets and liabilities held for sale, Antrim had a working capital deficiency at December 31, 2013 of $24.0 million, including bank debt (after discount) of $20.2 million and financial derivative (after discount) of $8.2 million. The reported bank debt and financial derivative amounts on the balance sheet at December 31, 2013 are after discount. The actual principal amount of bank debt outstanding at December 31, 2013 is $24.7 million compared to a balance sheet amount of $20.2 million. If the Company were to have settled the financial derivative at December 31, 2013 the payment amount would have been $10.6 million compared to a balance sheet amount of $8.2 million. Overview of Continuing Operations Fyne Licence P077 Block 21/28a - Fyne, Antrim 100% In late March 2013 the Company announced that it would not proceed with development of the Fyne Field with an FPSO following Enegi-ABTechnology worked with contractors to engineer the production facility for Fyne. The environmental statement is now due to be submitted, potential consequences to Antrim could include the expiry of the Fyne Licence in accordance with its terms. The independent evaluation of Antrim's oil and gas properties for the year ended December 31, 2013 prepared by McDaniel & Associates Consultants Ltd. and dated March 22, 2014 (the "McDaniel Report") did not assign any reserves to the Fyne Field compared to 11.8 million barrels proved plus probable reserves assigned to the Fyne and Crinan fields at December 31, 2012. The decrease is attributed to relinquishment in July 2013 of the Crinan Prospective Area and uncertainty as to the development of the Fyne Field. Erne Licence P1875 Block 21/29d - Erne, Antrim 50% The Erne Licence started in January 2011 and is a Promote Licence with a drill-or-drop commitment. The Erne well (21/29d-11 and 11z). Erne has never been assigned any proved, probable or possible reserves or contingent resources.").. Overview of Discontinued Operations Causeway Licences Licence P201 Block 211/22a South East Area and P1383 Block 211/23d, Antrim 35.5% Production from the Causeway Field averaged 2,178 gross barrels of oil per day ("bopd") (Antrim net 637 bopd) in 2013 compared to an average of 4,081 gross bopd (Antrim net 1,194 bopd) from November to December 31, 2012. In 2013 production was interrupted for 11.5 weeks due to platform shutdowns and well tie-in operations related to another field. Production averaged 1,714 gross bopd (Antrim net 501 bopd) for the three months ended December 31, 2013 compared to 1,439 gross bopd (Antrim net 421 bopd) in the third quarter of 2013. Scheduled maintenance of the North Cormorant platform interrupted oil production for 21 days in the fourth quarter compared to 33 days in the third quarter. Oil production is transported by pipeline to the North Cormorant production platform where it is processed before being exported to the Sullom Voe terminal via the Brent Pipeline System for sale. Anticipated startup of the downhole ESP and water injection well is now scheduled by the operator for late April 2014 following ongoing delays in completing required platform modification and water injection riser installation work. Until startup of the ESP oil is being produced in cycles to allow for sufficient pressure buildup between cycles. Delays in completing the Causeway ESP and water injection facilities together with additional significant capital cost overruns on the project caused the Company to record a $12.1 million impairment charge in the third quarter of 2013. Following the agreement to sell all of the issued and outstanding shares in ARNIL, the Company recorded a $14.6 million impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2013. The McDaniel Report effective December 31, 2013 assigned the Causeway Field gross proved plus probable reserves of 4.957 million barrels (1.76 million net to Antrim) representing a 14% decrease from December 31, 2012 due to 2013 production. (the "Contender well"), with the potential to run an electrical submersible pump and to install a water injection scheme and/or additional production wells at a later date. A future drilling location has been identified and is scheduled to be drilled mid 2014. plus 10% are recovered from production revenue. Production from the Cormorant East Field has been constrained for mechanical reasons and averaged 457 gross bopd (Antrim net 38 bopd) in 2013 compared to nil in 2012. Production from the Cormorant East Field averaged 377 gross bopd (Antrim net 32 bopd) for the three months ended December 31, 2013 compared to 508 bopd (Antrim net 43 bopd) in the third quarter of 2013. The McDaniel Report effective December 31, 2013 assigned the Cormorant East Field gross proved plus probable reserves of 7.1 million barrels (0.6 million net to Antrim) representing a 2% decrease from December 31, 2012 due to 2013 production. Financial Discussion of Continuing Operations All amounts reported in this press release related to the three month periods ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are unaudited. /T/ Three Months Ended Year Ended December 31, December 31, 2013 2012 2013 2012 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Financial Results ($000's except per share amounts) ------------------------------------ Cash flow used in operations (1) (1,836) (8,137) (8,526) (13,388) Cash flow used in operations per share (1) (0.01) (0.04) (0.05) (0.07) Net loss - continuing operations (2,377) (67,131) (9,445) (134,805) Net loss per share - basic, continuing operations (0 .01) (0.36) (0.05) (0.73) Net loss (21,212) (67,155) (39,202) (134,544) Net loss per share - basic (0.11) (0.36) (0.21) (0.73) Total assets 91,836 96,520 91,836 96,520 Working capital (deficiency) 788 (10,734) 788 (10,734) Capital expenditures - continuing operations 239 (582) 616 9,074 Common shares outstanding (000's) ------------------------------------ End of period 184,731 184,731 184,731 184,731 Weighted average - basic 184,731 184,848 184,731 184,388 Weighted average - diluted 184,731 185,681 184,731 185,528 (1) Cash flow from operations and cash flow from operations per share are Non-IFRS Measures. Refer to "No n-IFRS Measures" in Management's Discussion and Analysis. , future development plans with respect to Causeway and Cormorant East properties, factors affecting production processed at the North Cormorant platform, commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates, capital expenditure programs and other expenditures, Antrim's financing arrangements, the proposed Transaction for the sale of ARNIL, meet its obligations under the Payment and Oil Swap and the forward sale of Brent oil crude, the risk that the proposed ARNIL Sale is delayed or not completed for any reason, the consideration to be received pursuant to the ARNIL Sale, the anticipated benefits of the ARNIL sale, risks associated with the exploration for and development of oil and natural gas reserves such as the risk that drilling operations may not be successful, unanticipated delays with respect to the development of Antrim's properties, platform shutdowns affecting production levels, and to repay its obligations under the Payment and Oil in Antrim's Annual Information Form for the year ended December 31, 2013. Readers are specifically referred to the risk factors described under "Risk Factors" press release. Mr. Fulton has over/Tom Hufton +44 (0) 20 7466 5000 antrim@buchanan.uk.com INDUSTRY: Energy and Utilities - Oil and Gas SUBJECT: ERN -0- -0- Mar/28/2014 17:15 GMT
Antrim Energy Inc. Reports 2013 Financial and Operational Results
Save
Press spacebar to pause and continue. Press esc to stop.Always.
Stay busy, get plenty of exercise, and don’t drink too much. Then again, don’t drink too little.
Always do sober what you said you’d do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
I prefer to think that God is not dead, just drunk.
If you must drink and drive, drink Pepsi.
Cigarettes and coffee: an alcoholic’s best friend !!!!
When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.
I hate to advocate drugs, alcohol, violence, or insanity to anyone, but they always worked for me.
The consumption of alcohol may cause pregnancy.,finally.
Health and Self-Help » Self-Help » General
Health and Self-Help » Self-Help » Simple LivingThis really is the first question to ask when you are considering what California health insurance plan to choose. They are very different in how they work and people typically have a strong preference one way or the other in terms of how they like to access medical care. Let's define them first in layman's terms.
HMO
or Health Maintenance Organizations are a group of doctors, hospitals, and
other medical providers that form an association in which medical services will
be delivered to enrolled patients on a fixed dollar basis. For example, the
health carrier might pay the HMO group $500/monthly to provide medical services
for a given enrollee and then the providers manage the care.
PPO or Preferred Provider Organizations are doctors, hospitals, and other medical providers that agreed to a discounted schedule of re-imbursement with the carrier. For example, when a PPO member walks in the door, he or she will be charged a discounted PPO rate for a scheduled (and covered service).
HMO's are:
PPO's are:
"more structured in how you access care" With an HMO, you choose a Primary Care Physician or designated medical group up front. Referral and decision on health care are made through that provider and services outside of this provider/medical group will most likely not be covered unless a true emergency. Authorizations for coverage are more common. You are also limited to the medical group for specialists unless they do not have one that you need (of course, with referral from Primary Care Physician). The medical group is usually within 45-60 miles of your residence depending on the health carrier.
"tend to have richer benefits" HMO's typically provide lower copays for office visits, lower deductibles (sometimes no deductible) and much less out of pocket for hospitalization. The max out of pocket on HMO's typically runs half of PPO plans. NOTE: Since Covered California came to be, there are few if any differences in benefits at a given Metallic level between HMO and PPO.
"cost more in monthly premium" HMO's have become very expensive over the past decade as California medical costs escalated. Since the benefits are richer and total medical expenditure has skyrocketed, richer plans are absorbing more of this increase and that gets passed down to you in the form of premiums.
HMO SYNOPSIS...HMO's work for people who would rather pay more over on a monthly basis but have less out of pocket when a medical injury/illness happens and can be flexible about the doctors/hospitals they see.
"more flexible in which doctors you can see and how that happens" With
a PPO plan, you can access any of the in-network PPO providers up and down
California. You do not have a Primary Care Physician and you refer yourself out
to specialist. You can even use providers out of State through the Blue Card
program. You can even see doctors outside the network but you will pay more out
of pocket. There are 10's of thousands of doctors up and down the State with the
major California health insurance carriers.
"tends to cost-share more of the out-of-pocket with you in the form of deductibles, copays, and co-insurance" With PPO plans, you are picking up more of the costs when you get sick or hurt. Copays are higher, deductibles can range from $500 to $5000 and co-insurance usually runs around 30-40% depending on the plan. Some PPO plans such as the HSA Health Savings Account plans apply everything to the main deductible.
"has a wide range of monthly premium amounts depending on the level of benefits" PPO's offer many options from traditionally the cheapest California health plans on the market to plans as expensive as the HMO plans. There tends to many different options with varying copays, co-insurance, and most importantly...deductibles.
PPO SYNOPSIS...PPO's work for people who want more flexibility over which doctors and providers they can see and are willing to pay more when sick or hurt to obtain this control. PPO's also work for people who just want to cover the big catastrophic bill and keep their monthly premium down.
We hope this comparison of HMO's and PPO's in the California health insurance market helps. You should be able to significantly narrow your options by first answering this important.Who provided maize to Chaco Canyon after the mid-12th-century drought?
Journal of Archaeological Science
- By:
- L.V. Benson
DOI: 10.1016/j.jas.2009.10.027Tweet
Links
- More information: Publisher Index Page (via DOI)
- Download citation as: RIS
AbstractBetween.
Additional Publication Details
- Publication type:
- Article
- Publication Subtype:
- Journal Article
- Title:
- Who provided maize to Chaco Canyon after the mid-12th-century drought?
- Series title:
- Journal of Archaeological Science
- DOI:
- 10.1016/j.jas.2009.10.027
- Volume
- 37
- Issue:
- 3
- Year Published:
- 2010
- Language:
- Larger Work Type:
- Article
- Larger Work Subtype:
- Journal Article
- Larger Work Title:
- Journal of Archaeological Science
- First page:
- 621
- Last page:
- 629R. Kelly Reveals 'Black Panties' Cover Art, Tracklist
This story first appeared on billboard.com.
R. Kelly's Black Panties was originally slated for a release this month, but it looks like the album's shiny new Dec. 10 release date could come to fruition, after the singer revealed the album's cover art and tracklist today (Nov. 19).
The cover art for the standard version of Black Panties (above) features a partially-masked Kellz using a nearly-naked woman as a cello, while the deluxe edition finds the singer surrounded by dozens of scantily-clad woman wearing -- you guessed it -- black underwear.
PHOTOS: Lady Gaga, M.I.A., Macklemore Rock First-Ever YouTube Music Awards
Meanwhile, the tracklist, which numbers 13 songs, includes a number of featured artists, including Ludacris, Kelly Rowland, 2 Chainz and Jeezy. The deluxe version features four additional songs, with contributions from Migos, Juicy J and Future.
In typical R. Kelly fashion, many of the song names suggest needing a long shower after listening, including "Crazy Sex," "Every Position" and two (!) different songs named after a certain part of the female anatomy.
VIDEO: Kanye West Casts Kim Kardashian in 'Bound 2'
The R&B singer has been busy in the weeks leading up to the release of Black Panties, guesting on Lady Gaga's second ARTPOP single "Do What U Want" (performing the song on SNL) and on Justin Bieber's newly-released #MusicMonday tune "PYD."
The full tracklist for Black Panties is below.The table below looks at the statistics for SilkTest skills in IT jobs advertised for the Staffordshire region. Included is a guide to the average salaries offered in IT jobs that have cited SilkTest over the 3 months to 22 May 2015 with a comparison to the same period in the previous 2 years.
The following table is for comparison with the above and provides statistics for the entire Development Applications category in permanent jobs advertised in the Staffordshire region.
This chart provides a 3-month moving total of permanent IT jobs citing SilkTest across the Staffordshire region as a proportion of the total demand within the Development Applications category.With just two more episodes to go, Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino finally apologized to Snooki on tonight's episode of Jersey Shore. Their feud has been going on for more than a year now, and has shown no sign of slowing down this season. In fact, at Snooki's baby shower, she wouldn't even look him in the eye or answer a direct question he asked her. To quote the buzzword of the day: AWKWARD.
So after Vinny set things right with Jionni, Mike woke the next morning and decided that at last he was ready to apologize to Snooki. He almost sounded sincere. "I’m sorry the way that things went down," he told her. "I’m sorry I ruined our relationship." And when they started talking about how they were the same person, it was kind of touching.
Snooki was hesitant and told him how much he hurt her. In the end she did say she forgave him, but she was still distant. There was no big hug, but rather a high-five. "You awkward man, you," she told him. Still she accepted.
So all was looking up, and once Snooks was cool with Mike, then Vinny, Ron, and Pauly D wanted to take Jionni out for a night on the town ... and grill him. They're very protective of Snooki, which is cute, if not awkward, seeing as how almost half of the guys there had slept with his fiance. But it all went pretty well.
There was one little comment Mike made, however, that pretty much negated his apology to Snooki. When Jionni made a little jab about his past sh*t talking, Mike got defensive. "I wasn’t shit talking, I was being honest," he told Jionni. And of course by being honest he means that he's holding firm in his stance that he hooked up with Nicole while she was dating Jionni. Which Nicole denies, and is why she has been pissed at him.
So uh, exactly what was he sorry for? Nothing. He just wanted to smooth things over because he hates being a pariah and probably wants a wedding invite. Jionni didn't react much to that statement I think because he was overwhelmed being there with all of the guys, but I think when he (and Nicole) stops to think about it, they're going to be pissed. Mike's smug reaction to being included in the bachelor party was even more indication of his true intentions. So yeah, nice try with the apology, but you have to actually be sorry for something for it to count.
Did you think Mike's apology was sincere?Jacksonville, Florida (PRWEB) January 24, 2014
Control Southern Mechanical Services has expanded into Florida after completing the acquisition of Southeast Valve, Inc.’s VR certified valve repair center in Jacksonville.
“The talented team of valve service professionals in Jacksonville will allow us to expand our local capabilities of full life cycle services for all industrial valves,” said Control Southern President Doug Turner. “We are proud to be able to bring our high quality service to an expanded territory with the addition of the Jacksonville facility.”
Southeast Valve, Inc. (SVI) has offered testing, repair, and certification of pressure relief, manual and automated valves in its Jacksonville facility for more than 40 years. Control Southern Mechanical Services will continue these offerings, including 24/7/365 shop and field service, manual and VR safety relief valve certifications, and retention of all shop personnel.
Control Southern Mechanical Services’ capabilities also include steam testing to 1500 psi, air, nitrogen, and water testing to 3000 psi, pressure seal steam isolation, field welding and machining, and repair of manual, electric, and pneumatic actuators. Two additional Mechanical Services facilities are located in Savannah and Macon, Georgia.
For 2 consecutive years, Control Southern has been named by the Atlanta Business Chronicle as one of the top 50 fastest growing private companies in Georgia. The strategic acquisition of SVI’s Jacksonville facility will allow Control Southern to significantly increase its regional territory to better serve its customers.
About Control Southern
Headquartered in Suwanee, Georgia, Control Southern has been a trusted automation partner for the process industries in the Southeast for more than 58 years. Its customer base spans multiple industries, including Pulp and Paper, Power, Chemical, Natural Gas, Textiles, Life Sciences, and Food and Beverage. Control Southern’s full range of offerings includes valves, instruments, associated services, and automation engineering. Control Southern was named one of the top 50 fastest growing private companies in Atlanta by the Atlanta Business Chronicle in 2012 and 2013. (Visit us online at).
About SVI
SVI is an industrial valve reconditioning company that has served power generation, pulp & paper, utility, municipal, pharmaceutical, and chemical/petrochemical customers in the Southeast for over 40 years. Based in Charlotte, North Carolina, SVI’s satellite valve repair facilities are located in Wilmington, NC, Narrows, VA, and Mt. Vernon, IN. SVI, in conjunction with its sister company Controls Southeast, Inc., also offers custom machining, welding, fabrication, and heat exchanger/vessel repair. SVI holds PP, R, U, VR and NB certifications.Sumahan is a rare Bosporus-front property that has remained in the hands of the original family. Turkish-American owner-architects Nedret and Mark Butler have transformed and unlikely family heirloom - a derelict late Ottoman alcohol factory - into special retreat. Every room offers Bosphorus views of fishermen, ferryboats, and ships gliding through the night. It's a view of myth and of history. Located up the Bosphorus on the Asian side, Sumahan is just outside Çengelköy, a part of the city that still preserves its air of an authentic Bosphorus neighborhood. It is a village of wooden houses, fish restaurants, and seaside promenades surrounded by nearby Bosphorus-front mansions of former sultans, vezirs, and socialites. A motorized launch ferries hotel guests to and from downtown.Ting (sr) Li (CHN)
Country: People's Republic of China, Born January 5, 1980 (35 years old), Category: WTA
Profile | Ranking | Results | Statistics
Plays
Right-handed
WTA Ranking
-
Career High : 265
Tournaments played in 2013See detailed tennis results of Ting (sr) Li
If you are a player featured in CoreTennis, you can get in touch with us to have more information and your pictures published on your profile
Canada's First Philippine Fashion Week
Mark your calendars fashionistas!
The first ever PLDT Canada Philippine Fashion Week is set to take over the fabulous runways of Toronto, Canada!
PLDT Canada Philippine Fashion Week will span the entire week of June 10-15th with various chic events dotting the entire week. A-listers from the Canadian and Filipino fashion scene will be there in full force to celebrate the fashionable contributions of the Philippine fashion scene, direct from Manila.!
PLDT Canada Philippine Fashion Week
Jeff Rustia, Founder & Executive Director of Canada Philippine Fashion Week, Founder of Kol Hope Foundation with couture gowns by noted fashion designer Francis Libiran in the background.
Did you know that the Terno (the raised shoulder detail) is a fashion silhouette unique only to Philippine fashion? Check out this version by fashion designer Brian Maristela.
A close up shot of a Francis Libiran couture gown (photography courtesy of Candice Kaye with iCandiblog.com)
Gorgeous couture gowns by noted designer Francis Libiran (photography courtesy of Candice Kaye with iCandiblog.com)
Executive director of PLDT CPFW Jeff Rustia addresses the packed room during the official PLDT CPFW Press Conference at the Shangri-La Hotel, Toronto.
Follow Ramp1885.com on Twitter:Letters of Note posted this letter from Christopher Reeve’s wife, Dana, 11 months after Christopher suffered a tragic horse-riding accident that left him paralyzed from the neck down.
In the letter, Dana reassures Christopher of her love for him and reminds him that she’s in it with him together. An incredible show of love and commitment that we can all learn from.Keen Light Hiking Boots"'ll be honest (because otherwise this review won't really be helpful): I'm a big girl. Not so much tall as sturdy. I'm 5'4 and 250 lbs and I normally wear an 8.5 wide. Think…
- Rianne, 12/09/14
East TN
I got my husband a pair of these boots to wear turkey hunting as they were recommended by the guys on the turkey forum. He thinks they are the most comfortable boots he's wor…
- Gloria, 12/29/12
Buy a size larger than normal. Super comfortable and waterproof. Plenty of room in the toe box. Looks a little like clown feet when wearing them. Blister free walking. Dont…
- Cheryl, 12/14/12
Okay.. So I have had these boots now for a few days. After a month long search in preparation for a 8 day hiking trip to Glacier National park.... Trying on many different mak…
- Frank, 04/25/15
Aurora Il.
Tad snug and the lacing took a while to get used too like I said took a bit to break in but no blisters and feet stayed dry and where I planted them...Good boot…
- ERIC, 02/08/15
JENKINTOWN
Write Review
Write Review
I purchased the Mid version of these so they are a tad taller, but there seems to be nothing different about them than the ankle height. With that said, I work at an ice rink…
- Jessica, 12/21/14
Grand Forks, ND
It was raining the day I received my new shoes so it was a good day to try them out. Not only are they waterproof but they were comfortable from the start. I have high arches…
- Lisa, 10/19/14
Write Review
I bought these boots for backpacking through NZ. I originally had Asolos, but I hated the rigidity so I decided to try something else. These boots are great! I searched for re…
- Marina, 04/19/15
Write Review
Write Review
Just like every Keen shoe I have ever bought, it's perfect. Just buy the shoe and enjoy putz foot poetry and gentle angel kisses on your toes.…
- Nute, 04/03/15
Dickinson
Write Review
Write Review
Write Review
I love these things. They could use a bit more cushion (standing on your feet all day begins to suck after while), but you better believe you look like a badass in these thing…
- Madi, 05/08/15
United States
Write Review
Another quality product from Keen. They keep my feet very warm and dry from the elements. But my feet get hot and sweaty, that and them being a bit heavy are the only issues.…
- Brendan, 03/02/15
I broke these boots' cherry at Disney World 2years ago. Hit all 4 parks AND Universal! Since then, theses boots let everyone know I don't mess around. I can go all day in thes…
- Rob, 01/18/15
Westwood, KS
Would you like to compare the products you have selected now?or Join Now!
None so far
6 posts in 3036 days
Location: Dripping Springs, Texas
Website: I can't afford a computor.
I am an unemployed beer can recycling specialist living in near poverty in the Texas countryside. My goal in life is the recovery of a hutch cabinet I made many years ago, and that is now in the possession of my brother and fellow Lumberjock, Don.
I live in a simple log cabin along with my dog "Blue", and my mule "Black". Black stays outside mostly, unless it's cold.
I store the few pieces of china I have in an old cardboard box on the floor.
-- Dripping Springs, Texas
What's this?
Narrow
Wide
Don
home | projects | blog
2603 posts in 3076 days
#1 posted 01-28-2007 08:28 AM
Hey, Tex, I think you should have used this picture in your porfile. It shows your loving sensitive side.
-- CanuckDon "I just love small wooden boxes!"
Dick, & Barb Cain
8693 posts in 3198 days
#2 posted 01-28-2007 06:31 PM
Welcome Brother Tex,We’ll be looking forward to see some of your projects, or maybe some of your Brothers high school projects. LOL
-- -** You are never to old to set another goal or to dream a new dream ****************** Dick, & Barb Cain, Hibbing, MN.
dennis mitchell
3994 posts in 3213 days
#3 posted 01-28-2007 07:05 PM
Nice boat Tex…maybe we should take it south and get a real nice hutch I know about…the owners won’t miss it
Bill
2579 posts in 3060 days
#4 posted 01-28-2007 10:57 PM
Welcome Aboard Texan. I am sure you will enjoy our little group here.
-- Bill, Turlock California,
Karson
34946 posts in 3299 days
#5 posted 01-29-2007 12:35 AM
Welcome aboard Texan. We were discussing smoked meats on one of the other blogs and Don said to ask you about a smoked turkey you had a few Christmas ago.
-- I've been blessed with a father who liked to tinker in wood, and a wife who lets me tinker in wood. Southern Delaware karson_morrison@bigfoot.com †
#6 posted 01-29-2007 12:45 AM
Karson, you may have to wait a bit. I think Tex’s Internet connection is via Pony Express. LOL
#7 posted 01-29-2007 12:48 AM
Maybe I just need to call him. LOL
Rich
3 posts in 2965 days
#8 posted 04-09-2007 03:33 AM
nice to see someone from Drippin’ is here.
Mark
316 posts in 3032 days
#9 posted 04-09-2007 06:10 PM
Welcome to Lumberjocks. Did you get much precip in Dripping Springs this last weekend. In Kerrville we got a little rain, sleet and snow and cool temps. Good to have another Hill Country Lumberjock.
-- Mark
oscorner
4564 posts in 3210 days
#10 posted 05-12-2007 11:53 AM
Welcome to LumberJocks! Let’s see some woodworking.
-- Jesus is Lord!
PanamaJack
4474 posts in 2976 days
#11 posted 05-22-2007 05:13 PM
We would like to welcome you to LumberJocks. If you have any questions about woodworking we are most happy to share.Sarah Palin Was Almost Right About the Farm
Sarah Palin was almost right this time. She took to Facebook criticizing the Obama administration for a new Labor Department regulation that prohibits those under age 16 from working on farms. Doesn’t sound so bad.
Palin stated, “This is more overreach of the federal government with many negative overtones.” She went on to say that the new regulations would “prevent children from working on our own family farms.” Some liberals may even agree that a government body telling parents they cannot allow their own children to work on the family farm is a bit of an overreach.
But, as usually, the conservative rhetoric is just plain wrong. This is typical of the conservative talking-heads.
The regulation does not prevent kids from working on the family farm. The new regulations have been in the works for a long time now. What they do is re-define farm jobs that can be done by 16-year-olds and younger. Those minors can no longer harvest or cure tobacco, work in manure pits, or handle pesticide.
Why would you want your 13- or 14- or 15-year-old working with pesticides? What are the conservatives afraid of — that this will create more jobs for adult, immigrant workers?
This is yet another example of how the right jumps on a piece of information and spins it to get their supporters all riled up about it when it’s not the complete truth. Sarah Palin should stay in Alaska and take up knitting or something and stay off Facebook..
5 comments:
I would like to know if Coach Fox's wife has any real attachment to Athens. I have read one article that states that she was born in Augusta and one that says Athens.
Was she raised here or a military brat? Was that part of the allure of the job.
Would you also ask him if he has any rules about tattoos on the players?
Also, ask him if he talks to Ramon Sessions much and what it would take to get Ramon in a Hawks' uniform.
For CMR, ask him if he is not taking a mission trip this summer because he feels that going on those made him lose some focus in preparation for the season last year.
Thanks!
Can't believe I had forgotten to mention this earlier: I asked Fox about that last month. His wife was born in Augusta but moved when she was a baby. They have no real ties to Georgia, and none at all to Athens.
David, a 2-part question for CMR if you please: (1) what percent of the offensive output does he think will come through the air vs. the ground, and (2) how much latitude is Joe Cox going to have to change plays at the line?
Thanks and go Dawgs!
Hope you remembered the sunscreen...and that you are put into a compromising pool situation by Christie Brinkley.
I'm sure CMR wouldn't answer this directly...but I'd be interested in his comments about the Jeremy Jarmon situation at UK. Kid made a dumb mistake with an over the counter "training substance" and is punished more severely than say a kid who used an illegal substance.
Hi,
We have just added your latest post "Bulldogs Blog: National Lampoon's Destin Vacation" to our Directory of Pets . You can check the inclusion of the post here . We are delighted to invite you to submit all your future posts to the directory and get a huge base of visitors to your website.
Warm Regards
Vaca-tion.info TeamGrizzly Fingerprint Safe 12" x 12" x 15"
click to zoom
SKU: T10723
MPN: T10723
Need it by Tue. May 26th?
Just order by 2:00 PM PST today and choose expedited shipping during checkout.
What could be more convenient and highly secure than a Safe that recognizes your own unique fingerprint? No more fumbling with combinations, codes or keys. Features internal hinges, twin bolts, a single shelf and pre-drilled wallmounting holes for extra security. Weighs 36 lbs.
:
:
Compare with similar items:
Reviews:
Animation for T10723
×The Rev. Perryn Rice will take the helm as new senior pastor at Lake Highlands Presbyterian Church on March 24.
Marvin Groote has been the church’s interim pastor.
Rice recently was associate minister of plans and programs at First Cumberland Presbyterian Church in Cookeville, Tenn., and is a former associate pastor at Lake Highlands Presbyterian.
Lake Highlands Presbyterian, 8525 Audelia Road, is also conducting a search for an associate.- / Shop All
- / Accessories
- / Eyewear
- / Alexander Shades
These are aviators for the 21st century! They have gray circle lenses, a white contrast under-rim, and lifted gray circle lenses. You can totally wear these with anything-- when classic goes sassy, it's the Nasty Gal's dream come true.
.PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Panama's national border police on Friday killed one FARC guerrilla and captured seven others while patrolling the remote jungle border province of Darien, a police spokeswoman said.
Authorities said they seized weapons and about 20 bags of cocaine along with the guerrillas, members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC.
Police encountered the guerrillas in the district of Chepigana, near the Central American country's border with Colombia, after receiving complaints over the past few days of armed men in the area, which prompted increased patrols.
The incident comes a day after the FARC wrapped up their first round of peace talks with the Colombian government in Havana. The talks aim to end a decades-long conflict and are set to reconvene Wednesday.
Previous attempts at brokering peace have failed, but this time Colombia's government believes the FARC is weaker.
The FARC, initially formed in the 1960s as an armed communist agrarian movement, later turned to the illegal drug trade, kidnappings and extortion to sustain itself.
Its members have long operated in the semi-no-man's-land of Darien, stocking up on supplies, escaping Colombian security forces and using the dense jungle to move north-bound drugs.
Over the past two years, however, Panama's police say the FARC's numbers in the area have dwindled as the police presence has increased.
(Reporting by Lomi Kriel; editing by David Alire Garcia.In honor of U.S. Green Building Council’s first annual Green Apple Day of Service this Saturday, September 29, we wanted to share beautiful and inspiring educational designs.
Purposeful design is not something to be overlooked in educational settings - as well-designed spaces help facilitate healthy learning environments. We know you will enjoy the featured educational spaces below.
Photos are courtesy of School Planning & Management magazine’s Educational Design Showcase.
Gilliam Collegiate Academy in Plano, Texas is both beautiful and modern. The architecture emulates the collegiate experience to introduce students into the culture and rigors of higher education. The broad windows and angular design are nothing short of stunning.
As one of the greenest schools in the state of Texas, Gloria Marshall Elementary School was designed to be a teaching tool to educate generations of students about resource conservation. We love how this sustainable design motivates students to adopt a green lifestyle!
The Greenbrier, Arkansas community is actively engaged in the fine arts education of their students – and the Greenbrier High School Fine Arts Building is a perfect example! The design features bright blue panels – making the building a striking focal point of the campus and inviting students to think in creative ways.
The Marshall Student Center on the campus of the University of South Florida provides architectural eye candy for school visitors. Located at the “front door” of the North campus, the building makes a statement about the university’s commitment to student life.
The design of Su Valley Jr/Sr High School in Talkeetna, AK focuses specifically on the school’s educational programs and unique character. Local stone and wood highlight an integrated earth themed color palette, while a bold design brings the power of the Alaskan landscape and community together.Meet the real-life heroes of Bletchley Park As a new ITV drama The Bletchley Circle celebrates the work of Britain's wartime code-breakers, four former Bletchley girls recall life during the Second World War Comments Written By As told to E Jane Dickson 10:30 AM, 06 September 2012 Set in the early 1950s, ITV1’s new three-part crime drama The Bletchley Circle centres on four wartime code-breakers (from left, Rachael Stirling, Anna Maxwell Martin, Sophie Rundle and Julie Graham) who use skills developed at Bletchley Park to solve a string of murders but have to conceal their past. Here, we meet four former Bletchley girls who reveal the code-breaking they did during the war, and the lives they've led since... Mavis Batey, 91 – “Nothing is impossible” When war broke out, I was writing a thesis on the German Romantics at the University of London. I thought I really ought to be doing something better than that for the war effort, so I said I’d train as a nurse, but my professor knew all about Bletchley and advised me to apply to the Foreign Office. I was sent to Bletchley in April 1940, working on German secret-service codes. We didn’t know what it was that we were trying to break into, but we were very aware that lives were at stake. The message “jumbo rush” would mean, “Don’t stop until mission is accomplished”. It was an extraordinary community at Bletchley, a blending of all the talents. My husband [celebrated cryptanalyst Keith Batey] was a Cambridge mathematician, my boss was a classical scholar. I suppose the “melting pot” was what made it so successful. After the war, I worked as a landscape historian, which, it has been pointed out, involved the same sort of puzzle-solving skills finding patterns in “observables”. There are other legacies. Our motto was “nothing is impossible”. These things stay with you. Beryl Middleton, 87 – “At first we made sandwiches” I don’t think I’d even heard of Bletchley when I first went there. When I arrived, with a group of Wrens, it was Christmas Eve and I don’t think they really knew what to do with us, because they put us to work making sandwiches. But first we had to sign the Official Secrets Act. The next day, nobody seemed to notice it was Christmas. I was taken to Hut Seven and put to work on Japanese codes. We were given blocks of letters, which we had to transpose onto crib sheets to look for “pattern repeats”. One of the people who used to come into our room was a young man called Harry. We married in 1946 and I later learnt that he was one of the top code-breakers; at the time, however, the only thing I knew was that I had married a man I worked with at Bletchley. It sounds glamorous but, for all I knew, he might have been a spy. After the war, Harry’s work for GCHQ took us to Canada and the US. Then we settled in Cheltenham. I worked part time for UCCA (the Universities Central Council on Admissions) and I was made a magistrate, where I suppose the old qualities of discretion came in. I feel my time at Bletchley made me that bit more willing to get involved in other things. Looking back, I was very lucky. I can’t say it was exciting, exactly – at least not for those of us doing the donkey work – but you knew you were making a difference. Nina Horwood, 88 – “The Germans were foolish” I had taken a job with the inland revenue immediately after school. I hadn’t been there more than a week when I was called out to speak to someone from Bletchley. I suppose they asked our headmasters about what we had done at school and I had done an extra year of German. I landed in a room where we read through German “traffic”: the blocks of signals. The Germans were fool enough to put out a weather forecast twice a day in exactly the same format. This became a daily crib for the people working on Enigma. Social life at Bletchley was quite fun. There were clubs - drama, bridge, chess - and there was a beer tent where you could sit down with your sandwiches and meet people. But you never said what you were working on. My husband was head of the room I worked in, but it was only after the war that we started going out. Later, we were posted to Singapore, where he died. I went back for a couple of years to GCHQ in Cheltenham and married another GCHQ person. I don’t think my experience at Bletchley carried through to later life. When you left, you see, you never got references. They could say, “Well, she worked and she was honest,” but they couldn’t say what you had been doing. So you forgot about it all very soon and got on with the rest of your life. Jean Valentine, 88 – “My parents never knew what I did” I joined the Wrens when I was 18. I have never been sure, but I think I was recruited to Bletchley because I said on my application form that I enjoyed doing crossword puzzles. I operated one of the Bombe machines [used to help decipher messages encrypted by German Enigma machines]. It was women only working on the Bombe, and at times we would work 16 hours a day. When we first started we got 15 shillings a week – now about 75p – and then, when we were proficient, it went up to about a pound. Even in those days, that was not good money! The moment you finished work, you went back to your billet – I lived in a requisitioned house about five miles away from Bletchley, but I can’t tell you exactly where, because all the signposts had been removed for security. Later in the war I was posted to Ceylon, now Sri Lanka, where I worked in an office breaking Japanese code – no machines to help this time – and I met my husband there. When we returned to England, I worked in Selfridges – £5 a week! – and, later, with the Family Planning Association. I never talked about my war work. My parents never knew what I did. And neither did my husband until around 1975, when all the stuff about Bletchley started coming out. It seems peculiar now, but it was a different climate then. Our backs were to the wall and there was discipline. It’s a word that seems to have fallen out of the English language, but in those days, if you were told not to do something, you just didn’t do it. The Bletchley Circle starts tonight on ITV1 at 9:00pm Like this? Share it. Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr Pinterest Blogger Reddit VKontakt Print EmailFor!
Great prize! Good Luck all!
i cant play the raffle this time as european but i wish good luck to everyone entering!
I bought an AT&T Atrix from the US back in April and it works great in the UK, ok so it’s not 4G but we’ve only got 3G networks here anyway. My brother has a iPhone 3G and is so jealous of my Atrix so this way he could get mine, and I’ll use this…another iPhone convert!
I’ve been wanting to use a Lapdock for ages – please let me enter! Thanks AAM and nVidia. :)
I haz cheezburger?
Almost forgot to enter
12/15/2011…Happy Birthday to me!!! A Tegra device to celebrate would be Awesome!
Good luck everyone!
-sent from my iphone 2g
Ouch. Good luck to you! LOL.
Happy birthday and best of luck on winning this.
Happy Birthday!
My birthday was 2 weeks ago. I’m going to hope this ends up being a belated birthday present. ;)
Thanks for the B-Day wishes. Good luck to all.
Happy Birthday! :)
And good luck to everyone!!!!
And the contests for tablets ended?
Happy Bday . . . Hope it works better for you than it did Tuesday on my bday, ha
Always nice to meet another fellow Sagittarius.
Happy birthday and good luck!! :)
Happy birthday! Mine was yesterday.
Happy belated birthday
Looks like I”m in another one. Good luck my peeps.
Good luck everyone!
I am a Power User!
-Clark
:-D
Ha, I saw that too.. was wondering what that was about
Sweeeeeeet! Best of luck to all!
Yay! Fingerprint reader sounds cool
I want it!
I made the cut!
want this, me does.
I’m in!
Let’s do this!
I always wanted to get my hands on one of these to try it out. The lapdock concept is awesome.
It has a Tegra 2 processor, runs android 2.3 and on the screenshot it’s 24 degrees on the 24th of February. That is 2 x 2 the number of 2′s. Speaking of 2, that reminds me of poop.
Good luck to all! If I do win a smartphone it’s going to my girlfriend… If it’s a tablet, it’s mine =P
Thanks again to AndroidandMe and nVidia for running/sponsoring this contest! :)
Count me in.
/crosses fingers.
While I would’ve loved to win a Tab previously, I actually do need a new phone. XD
btw, good luck everyone. =P
Cool, good luck all.
Fingerprint reader? That’s a nice feature! I’m also interested in trying out the lapdock.
Good luck to my fellow peeps.
Oh man! Look who just barely made the cut!
Way to go! Legit at exactly 45, that’s quite a feat.
… so what happens if I downvote you? haha, just kidding, I wouldn’t do that! Here’s a +1 just for the scare! :-P
What a great prize I wasn’t even expecting! This thing is over halfway done and I’m still hanging in there. Best of luck to you all!
Nice phone hope everyone wins:-) :-)
Here we go again!
Again, this looks good, especially with the lapdock. Maybe if it works well enough I can throw my net book away? Its not like my net book is all that powerful or fast anyway.
Woot! Thanks for including Canada this time!!!
Nice phone, and it includes lapdock, cool!
Good luck to all!
Wow, my rank is exactly 45 lol, a sign perhaps? Good luck everyone!
72.35 :)
Like two prizes in one, count me in!
This would be great to have. Especially since I’m looking to travel internationally more.
Good grief, this is awesome! I would love one of these!
This. Is. Awesome. So psyched. I love the ever-increasing levels, too.
O good thing i just got an atrix 2 give me so i can have whole family
One of you lucky ppl will win this and will really enjoy it. Good luck to everyone. Had one but gave it away. But did enjoy it for awhile.
Awesome prize today! The fingerprint reader is an awesome feature that more phones should have.
Oh man I just made it!
I think this time is a winner!
I love Motorola Products, and think this lapdock idea is a great one, well until the padfone comes out from Asus, but still. Atrix was and is better than my current phone so sounds amazing!
Not sure what I’d do with it but game on.
Come on baby the 25th is starting to get close!
An Atrix would be very cool! I’m in.
Atrix – is this the phone with that finger scanner thing?
Awesome. I’ve always wanted to try the lapdock, but given the reviews I wouldn’t buy it if I was buying a phone that supports it.
Here I am checking in for day 15. Just barely made this one by 5 points. I’m out here doing work on androidandme trying to get my score up everyday. I have a feeling there’ll be a giveaway for members 75+. I need to get there! Good luck everyone!
Btw I just noticed that at the lower right hand corner of Androidandme there’s a small smiley face LOL…. Good luck everyone! This will be a gift… trying to convince the gf to not sway over to the forbidden fruit
This would be awesome. My company gave me an iPhone 3g and this would be an awesome replacement. Thanks for the contest and good luck everyone.
This is the very phone that was stolen from me. Well, not this one of course, but it was an Atrix :P it would be a coincidence to win. Haha. Good luck to everyone!
Is Motorola popular overseas? I wonder how well they do without the whole “Droid” branding. I know Samsung and HTC can’t use any “Droid” branding outside of Verizon either, but when I hear “Droid” I mostly think of Motorola!
Look at all these comment ninjas. So quick! ENTER!
I like that the phones are joining the tablets as prizes, mainly because I need a new one.
Solid device! Some fast commenters here! Thanks Android & Me along with Nvidia for the glorious fun!
Now thats a kickass device, best of both worlds.
Here we go!
Good luck to the few of us, our odds are looking better today.
Would be awesome to win!
Boomshakalaka. Sign me up.
Wow i hope they dont ask for 100 rank. Nah jk. they can ask for whatever cause androidandme is so awesome. Thanks for giving all this stuff away and thanks to nvidia for providing it all. Hope someone wins whether its me or not cause im sure someone will be super happy
Still just barely making the cut, woot!
Quick, somebody upvote me so i can enter tomorrow too ;)
Good luck all!
There ya go, Good luck!
Global version! :D Thanks guys for the contest and this time not restricting to US only!
Would love to add this unlocked gem of a device to my electronic “toy / gadget” chest.
Good luck to all.
Approaching planet Atrix. Prepare the Tegra cannons. This’s Droid Louis, let’s get this in.
He’s heating up!
I worry that this will be the last ranked one I can enter ):
Then again, I thought that when I was on five, and when I was on fifteen…
I’ve been eyeballing this one since it came out, love the fingerprint reader.
Good luck everyone!
Good luck everyone!
Boom. Let’s do this.
Consider this post commented and may the best random number generated win!
Day 15! So many great prizes and still 10 more to go! Thanks for this great contest AndroidandMe!
Motorola has some great devices. This one is no exception.
The Backflip, on the other hand…
Yes! Made the cut again, the number of entrees is getting smaller and smaller of course, as always theres a much higher of a chance for those of us with a higher rank to win. Good luck guys! Hope I win something in the next 11 days haha
Good luck everyone! Crossing fingers!
Well, I got my licence today, but another prize would be nice :D
here I am again!…
SWTOR early start and a new smartphone?
man i always liked the atrix and now having the chance to get one is… gold
Good luck!
The numbers are dwindling! I would love this! Seriously, a lapdock with it? YES PLEASE! I played with a lapdock at the Verizon store and thought “I could get used to this”
So, umm, like… I want one. Just saying.
I hate to put a negative comment here, but among all the prizes that have been revealed so far, the Atrix w/ Lapdock is the one I want the least.
Me plz.
Yes please!
Oops: No thanks! I’m not in the US…
Very nice toy Good luck everyone
rock on!
weeee, here we go.
rad
I claim this tablet in the name of me!
Oh boy, here we go.
The gf would be much obliged!
I really want to win something!
Yes, please. :)
today is my lucky day!
All I want for Christmas is a free Motorola Atrix and Lapdock.
Hohoho!
It would be pretty bad ass if day 25 was one of every tegra device in this contest.
I should really start commenting more on androidandme! The ranks are getting higher and higher! Lol!
Good luck guys! Cheers
other day other chance to win! will it be me?
Oo baby that’s one nice device!! Again thanks androidandme you guys are awesome!! XDD
ohhh me want me want this
Good luck to all and congrats to the winner
Wow your at 100
The path to free stuff narrows. Good luck to you all
In it to win it
Good luck to all!
Another nice device!
Can’t believe it has been 15 days already. Thanks again to And Me for hosting all of this. For an Android lover this contest has been like Christmas morning every single day.
Good luck to everyone yet again!
Good luck everyone
YAY! Good luck to all.
very cool … I hope I win
Good luck everyone! This too would make a great test device for my “just getting started” Android development!
I desperately need a new phone, I must try to win one even though the odds are against me.
How are the odds against you? You have a 97…
I got ABSOLUTELY NOTHING this time! I just want to win! lol
nice
Its been 15 days and I still didn’t win anything im crossing my fingers and hoping I get a chance on this one….. good luck everybody
I’ll throw my name in the ring on this one even though my phone plan is with TMO, Does anyone know if the Atrix can run on TMO bands?
sweet!
I normally stumble out of the house in the morning and read some news at work while drinking coffee. This contest has got me checking my computer before I leave the house and pulling up AndroidAndMe first thing at the office! This contest is awesome!
I have been the same way. I find myself laying in bed at 5am blasting my eyes with my phone’s screen to enter these.
Awesome. This is a great prize, as usual. SO excited! Good luck everyone! :)
Android laptop FTW
Actually not a bad phone once rooted and flashed with a proper Rom. Keyboard is useful and makes you look twice as fancy. Good luck everyone.
its not my birthday…. my birthday was not even in the last few weeks, my birthday isn’t going to come in the next few weeks, but who needs a reason to present oneself with a gift like this? :) best of luck everyone…
Again not too sure about why its US only…. but good luck everyone!
crossing fingers and everything else for some luck to win.
but good luck to everyone
Happy nexus day!!
Let try it again :-)
Good luck everyone! We all should have pretty decent odds for this contest. :) I definitely hope I win.
Here is a random comment not about the device…Is/does Android and Me have metrics on how many people entered each day? Would be interesting.
I’m sure they can find out.
My atrix got hit with a Frisbee and now drops connection fairly often. A new one would be nice. And I wouldn’t mind a lap dock either.
I honestly don’t even really care about this one. Nexus came out today.
I have always wanted to buy this phone but i didn’t cause i couldnt get the dock. Maybe this contest is meant for me.
This is a really nice prize!
Awesome! Count me in.
Boo…this is starting to look dark…lol. But, I WILL NOT GIVE UP!!! Keep it coming…
Sometimes I refer to my girlfriend as a “lapdock”.
Wow, I bet she loves that =/
Yay Atrix! I’ve been wanting to switch to AT&T anyway!
As long as you don’t have a contest with those with rank over 95 I’ll be happy!
Made it – thanks mostly to this contest and the nearly interminable wait for the GN.
I can’t believe we only have ten more days after today.
I hope someone is as lucky as me. Not only am I alive, i have access to the best news (androidandme), and i have won. It is possible hang in there and congrats to the winner!
Count me in!
Either my luck has quit on me or it hasn’t started yet. Here’s to… lucky 15?
I COULD STILL USE THIS ON TMOBILE ;)
That’s what I’m thinking!
If I win a phone, I could proceed to sell my Nexus S and the phone in order to buy a GN outright. That’d be sweet.
Just realized there are 10 days til Christmas!!!
:)
Hope to win!
Ah only a few more to go. Come on luck, don’t fail me now.
I’ve always loved the look of this phone. Good luck everyone.
i thought i was 50 last time. Did i go down?
Just made it! (52) Mine went down as well :-/
I hope I win, thanks for the chance!
Here is an idea for choosing contest eligibility:
Lenght of membership at Android and Me:
Member for 686 days
You get a â‡§ +1 from me, for your Seniority and Loyalty!
ðŸ˜ƒ
LOL THANKS!
Rubbish. When will we get European only contests?!
Europe is awesome but without the Western readers, this site might not get many hits during the day. According to many internet sites, Europeans don’t like the internet that much or don’t have access to it.
Im not arguing, this is just one of the many articles/post I’ve read online today.
Thanks for the great prizes Androidandme! Big Money no Whammies!
barely got in today!
Welcome to the “45+ Club”
Woot just made it!!
I wonder how high they will crank the level to in the next contest/
I’ll take the red pill.
Well I suppose this is NOT AN ENTRY since I’m UK(though it’s global and unlocked! Maybe Nvidia set this criteria so it doesn’t go to non 4g area?) good luck to Americans best odds yet!
Good luck everyone! Hope I win since it was my birthday yesterday…
My chances of winning have increased significantly!
Awesome prize from an awesome site!
I guess the Galaxy Nexus is not going to be a prize since it’s not a Tegra device, right? It would make a saweet give away though!
I HAVE A GALAXY NEXUS!!!! It’s a happy day!
I really want to win something but good luck to all
Hmm I could always use another phone for the family.
Day 15……the war is still not lost but their still another day to win a prize even if its not what i want but hey…its something im looking forward to…all i have to do is be strong and pick myself right up!!
lapdocks are always fun
Sweet prizes, good luck to all.
My boss has this phone and it’s super slick with the laptop dock! Happy Holidays!
And the countdown begins. The anticipation is killing me.
Sure wouldn’t mind me one of these. :DCato Reports 2Q EPS of $.61, Up 6% Provides Second Half Guidance
CHARLOTTE, N.C., Aug. 18, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- The Cato Corporation (NYSE: CATO) today reported net income of $18.1 million or $.61 per diluted share for the second quarter ended July 30, 2011, compared to net income of $17.0 million or $.58 per diluted share, as restated, for the second quarter ended July 31, 2010. Both net income and earnings per diluted share increased 6% over last year. Sales for the second quarter were $234.1 million, a 1% increase over sales of $231.8 million last year. Second quarter same-store sales decreased 1%.
For the six months ended July 30, 2011, the Company earned net income of $48.6 million or $1.65 per diluted share, compared with net income of $42.0 million or $1.42 per diluted share, as restated, for the six months ended July 31, 2010, an increase of 16% in both net income and earnings per diluted share. Sales for the first half were $505.0 million, a 3% increase over the prior year's first half sales of $490.9 million. Same-store sales for the first half were flat to the prior year.
"Same-store sales for the second quarter were within our estimated range and we were able to control expenses well," stated John Cato, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer. "As we noted in our July sales release, our same-store sales trend reflects the difficult economic conditions and uncertainty affecting our customers, especially the lower income customer. Also, we continue to expect rising raw material costs will have a negative effect on second half performance. As a result, we now expect earnings per diluted share for second half of the year will be at the low end of our original guidance range of $.50 to $.56."
Second quarter gross margin was 38.0% compared to 39.0% last year due primarily to higher markdowns. Second quarter SG&A costs as a percent of sales decreased to 25.2% from 26.9% last year primarily as a result of lower accrued incentive compensation and insurance costs. The effective tax rate for the quarter was 36.0% compared to 36.3% last year.
As noted above, based on year-to-date results and the Company's original guidance for the second half, earnings per diluted share are expected to be at the low end of the adjusted range of $2.15 to $2.21 versus $2.00 last year, as restated, an increase of 8% to 11%. By quarter, earnings per diluted share are estimated to be in the range of $.18 to $.21 versus $.20 last year, as restated, for the third quarter and $.32 to $.35 versus $.37 last year, as restated, for the fourth quarter. Comparable store sales for both the third and fourth quarters are estimated to be in the range of down 2% to flat.
During the first half, the Company opened 12 new stores, relocated one store and closed nine stores. Five of the closings were It's Fashion stores closed to open as It's Fashion Metro stores in the same market. The Company now expects to open approximately 41 stores during 2011. As of July 30, 2011, The Cato Corporation operated 1,285 stores in 31 states, compared to 1,275 stores in 31 states as of July 31, 2010.Home » Phuket Directory » Chalong » Professional Services » Lawyers
Please enter search term
Search by category, business name or keyword e.g. restaurants
Location in Phuket (or Phang Nga & Krabi), e.g. Patong. Leave blank to search ALL Locations
Chalong : Lawyers
Displaying 1 to 4 of 4
Legal firms perform a wide range of duties in Thailand and are a necessary component for those doing business in Phuket.
Have a business in Phuket?
Find out how to give your business worldwide exposure through the power of Phuket.Net
Latest Listings
- 3sixty5 Hotel management June 23
Featured Business
>>IMAGEQemuDebootstrap
This page explains how to create a Debian/Ubuntu rootfs from scratch using debootstrap and QEMU.
This is not the recommended nor the easiest way to create a Debian/Ubuntu armel rootfs; see ARM/RootfsFromScratch for other ways.
Prerequisites
You will need:
- debootstrap; your debootstrap should be recent enough to debootstrap the suite you're interested in
- one of qemu-arm-static (syscall emulation) or qemu-system-arm (machine emulation)
- e2fsprogs or some mkfs.something tool if you want to create an actual filesytem
- a kernel for qemu/versatile/cortex-a8
TODO provide a PPA with backports.
Building the Root Filesystem
The initial image of the root filesystem can be done manually via "debootstrap", or more easily via the "mk-sbuild" wrapper.
mk-sbuild
Trivially easy:
mk-sbuild --arch armel lucid
debootstrap
First stage debootstrap
debootstrap bootstraps a Debian/Ubuntu system in multiple steps which can be divided in two stages: the parts running code/tools from the build environment, and the parts running code/tools from the target environment.
For the first stage, run something like:
sudo debootstrap \ --arch=armel \ --keyring=/usr/share/keyrings/ubuntu-archive-keyring.gpg \ --verbose \ --foreign \ karmic \ rootfs
The arguments tells debootstrap respectively to:
- bootstrap for armel
- verify the downloaded data with the installed Ubuntu keyring (from the ubuntu-keyring package); if you want to install e.g. Debian, point at the Debian keyring instead (in the debian-archive-keyring package)
- give some progress information
- only do the first phase of the bootstrapping
- target the Ubuntu 9.10 (karmic) suite
- use "rootfs" as target directory
Things you might want to customize:
- by default, only packages from the "main" component are used, you can enable other components (such as "restricted", "universe", and "multiverse" for Ubuntu and "contrib" and "non-free" for Debian) with the --components= flag
- you can include/exclude some packages via the --include= and --exclude= flags
- you can select different package selections depending on the intended use of the rootfs via the --variant= flag; for instance, --variant=minbase will create a minimal environment with essential packages and apt, while --variant=buildd will install build-essential packages
Check the debootstrap(8) manpage for details. TODO link to man page
Second stage debootstrap with QEMU
QEMU sports two types of emulation:
- syscall emulation: this translates code from one architecture to another, remapping system calls (calls to the kernel) between the two architectures
- machine emulation: this emulates a complete computer, including a virtual CPU, a virtual video card, a virtual clock, a virtual SCSI controller etc.
QEMU's syscall emulation is much faster than machine emulation, but both are relatively slow when compared to native programs for your computer. One major drawback of syscall emulation is that it that some syscalls are not emulated, so some programs might now work, also when building programs, these might configure themselve for the features of the kernel they run on instead of what the target architecture actually supports.
For rootfs creation, using syscall emulation is probably fine for core packages, but you might run into issues with higher level ones.
Using syscall emulation
While qemu-arm can be used to run a single armel binary from the command-line, it's impractical to use it to run a program which will fork and execute other programs. Also, because qemu-arm itself uses shared libraries and the ld.so dynamic linker/loader from the build environment, it's impractical to copy it in the rootfs to use it with chroot-ed programs. So the following instructions expect that you're using a static version of qemu-arm ("qemu-arm-static"), and that your build environment supports the binfmt-misc module, this modules allows running any executable matching some configured pattern with an interpreter of your choice.
# Ubuntu 10.04 (lucid) sudo apt-get install qemu-kvm-extras-static
(Under Debian, the package is named qemu-user-static and under Ubuntu 9.10 (karmic) it's called qemu-arm-static.)
Under Debian and Ubuntu, the package should automatically pull in the "binfmt-support" package and registers the qemu-arm format; check with:
cat /proc/sys/fs/binfmt_misc/qemu-arm
(the format is named "arm" under Ubuntu 9.10 (karmic)).
Because we're going to chroot into the rootfs directory, the kernel will look for the interepreter in the chroot; copy the interpreter in the chroot:
sudo cp /usr/bin/qemu-arm-static rootfs/usr/bin
Enter the rootfs chroot and run the second-stage:
sudo chroot rootfs /bin/bash /debootstrap/debootstrap --second-stage
And you're done! You can create a tarball of the rootfs directory, or copy the files into an actual filesystem; see Creating a filesystem from a directory.
You might want to do some system configuration before using this rootfs on devices though; see System configuration.
You may also re-enter the chroot as above, e.g. to install additional packages, but note that usual chroot rules apply, so you will have to mount /proc manually, perhaps bind-mount /dev/pts or /tmp depending on programs you're trying to run, and you should be careful that installin packages might start (duplicate) services/jobs in the chroot or kill ones from outside the chroot!
Using machine emulation
Install qemu-system-arm (you don't need a static version):
# Ubuntu 10.04 (lucid) sudo apt-get install qemu-kvm-extras
(Under Debian and Ubuntu 9.04 (jaunty) and earlier the package is named qemu.)
Create a filesystem image from the rootfs directory; see Creating a filesystem from a directory.
Grab a pre-built kernel for ARM "Versatile" boards patched to run with Cortex-A8 CPU (ARMv7). Use the latest Lucid kernel, or the netboot image, which may not always work:
wget
Start qemu as follows:
qemu-system-arm \ -M versatilepb \ -cpu cortex-a8 \ -hda rootfs.img \ -m 256 \ -kernel vmlinuz \ -append 'rootwait root=/dev/sda init=/bin/sh rw'
The arguments tells qemu ARM machine emulation respectively to:
- emulate a Versatile PB board
- emulate a Cortex A8 CPU (ARMv7, what the kernel expects and supports all Debian/Ubuntu releases)
- use the rootfs.img file as the contents of the emulated SCSI hard disk
- emulate 256 MB of RAM
- use the downloaded kernel
- and pass some arguments to the kernel to set the root device and start a shell instead of starting /sbin/init
Once booted, run:
/debootstrap/debootstrap --second-stage
System configuration
After bootstrapping, a Debian/Ubuntu installation isn't quite complete; depending on the intended use, some final things have to be setup.
You might want to do some system configuration before using this rootfs on devics though; see System configuration.
fstab
The "mountall" process requires an entry in /etc/fstab for the root partition. Normally, it's best to use UUIDs to refer to the rootfs as to be independent of the device path/name; for instance:
UUID=01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef / ext4 relatime,errors=remount-ro 0 1
but for the initial machine emulation, just use the default disk path, e.g.:
/dev/sda / ext4 relatime,errors=remount-ro 0 1
Users and passwords
Set a root password with:
passwd
and create an additional non-root user (e.g. ubuntu) with:
adduser ubuntu
APT sources
Edit etc/apt/sources.list and configure some APT sources; e.g. for Ubuntu 10.04 (lucid):
deb lucid main
(This will have been done already if you used mk-sbuild)
Kernel
Install the official kernel, for later use.
apt-get install linux-image-versatile
Hosts and hostname
Give a name to the host device by creating an etc/hostname file with just the short name (e.g. qemu):
qemu
And add a basic etc/hosts file referencing that short name and definit localhost:
127.0.0.1 localhost qemu
Virtual network setup
You probably want a loopback interface (lo) and if you're not using Network-Manager to setup the network, you probably want to bring up the virtual ethernet card; create an etc/network/interfaces file with:
auto lo iface lo inet loopback auto eth0 iface eth0 inet dhcp
Serial console
TODO
Creating an Image file from a directory
First, check how much space the files from the rootfs dir would use when copied into a filesystem of a specific block size; for example for a blocksize of 4096 bytes (see the documentation of your filesystem to check which blocksize it uses):
du -s -B 4096 rootfs
This will return the number of blocks which your filesystem uses, so multiply this number by the blocksize to get the minimum size of your filesystem.
Next, add to that amount the number in bytes of extra space you want in the filesystem.
Create a file, preferably a sparse one, which will hold the rootfs, for instance for a rootfs of 300 000 000 bytes:
dd if=/dev/zero of=rootfs.img bs=1 count=0 seek=300M
Then format the filesystem, e.g. for ext4 with 4096 bytes blocks:
mkfs.ext4 -b 4096 -F rootfs.img
Mount the filesystem and move the files over:
mount -o loop rootfs.img /mnt sudo cp -a rootfs/. /mnt/ umount /mnt
Copy the kernel to outside the image:
cp rootfs/boot/vmlinuz* . ln -s vmlinuz-* vmlinuz
Starting QEMU
Now you can start QEMU on the disk image:
qemu-system-arm \ -M versatilepb -cpu cortex-a8 \ -m 256 \ -drive file=rootfs.img,media=disk \ -kernel vmlinuz -append 'root=/dev/sda rootwait'Aug. 2 - Aug. 6
Updated 8:01 AM CDT, Fri, Aug 6, 2010
Monday, August 2
Check out what's it's like to work in a musical instrument store.
A band puts a different spin on "Highway to Hell."
Bangs, a rapper, drops some rhymes to sell a car.
Basil Marceaux, a candidate for governor of Tennessee, stars in a new YouTube video.
A young girl shares some of her grandmother's advice.
It's a hair-raising experience for adog that comes in contact with static electricity.
A Michael Jackson impersonator can't sing.
An interactive mirror allows you to "paint and draw" on it.
A big confidence boost wants to let all people know they're beautiful.
Tele-noid R 1 gives people an opportunity to put a face to the voice on the phone.
Tuesday, August 3
Fannie Mae launches program to help struggling homeowners.
A girl dressed as a zombie sings.
A guy explains that he was robbed.
The owners of a doll that could be cursed are giving it away for free.
A random man kisses a reporter during her live shot.
A reporter breaks an ice sculpture.
Two guys jump on a inflatable tube and launch a girl into the air.
A car makes it safely through a fiery road in Russia.
Changing your gender could reduce spam.
Dan Brown is practicing "crowd-sourcing" and giving control over his life to his web followers.
Wednesday, August 4
The Buckwheat Boyz created a slideshow for the "Ice Cream & Cake" song.
Basil Marceaux shares more compelling reasons to vote for him.
Paul Rudd works as a dj long before he made it big.
A steamroller pops a mountain of bubble wrap.
Women think men in red shirts are more powerful and sexually desirable.
A group of pirates will share clues about buried treasure they've hidden in NYC.
A man sings to a plant on the street.
Thursday, August 5
A winner of "Wipeout" releases a primal scream.
"Breakthrough with Tony Robbins" is cancelled.
A man sings a song about "Honey Nut Cherrios."
A parody of the rise of Facebook spoofs the rise of YouTube.
Shark yourself to see what you would look like if you were a shark.
CBS anchor Katie Couric jokes about the names of Sarah Palin's kids.
A study finds body parts tan at different speeds.
YouTube is showcasing so-called Solar Tsunami videos from people all over the world.
Friday, August 6
Click here for stores offering back to school sales in time for Illinois' sales tax holiday.
Nickelodeon presents the trailer for its new movie "Fred."
Twitter spoofs Wes Anderson's film "Rushmore."
Kanye West's following of one guy draws more attention to the British teenager.
NYmag.com calculates the total cost of everything Kanye talks about on Twitter in a week.
Check out back to school deals on Deal Taker and Coupon Clock.
Go on an early morning walking tour, and check out Chicago's skyscrapers at the same time.See definition in Oxford Advanced Learner's DictionarySaltos de línea: twenty
Pronunciación: /ˈtwɛnti/
Definición de twenty en inglés:
cardinal número (plural twenties)
1The number equivalent to the product of two and ten; ten less than thirty; 20: twenty or thirty years ago twenty miles away twenty of us stood and waited a twenty-foot aerial (Roman numeral: xx or XX)
Más ejemplos en oraciones
Sinónimos
-.
score
1.1 (twenties) The numbers from twenty to twenty-nine, especially the years of a century or of a person’s life: he’s in his late twenties cars built in the Twenties
Más ejemplos en oraciones
-
Más ejemplos en oraciones
-.
Oraciones de ejemplo
- I also had two fish using a small black gnat tied up on a size twenty hook.
Derivados
- 1
twentieth
- Oraciones de ejemplo
- Yet these poems are not just a collection of images of mid twentieth century life.
- By the middle of the twentieth century, economic circumstances had changed greatly.
- The twentieth century has been called, among other things, the Age of the Dictators.
- 2
twentyfold
- Oraciones de ejemplo
-.
Palabras que riman con twentyal dente, aplenty, cognoscenti, divertimenti, lisente, plenty, portamenti, sente, twenty-twenty, venti
Definición de twentySee definition in Oxford Advanced Learner's DictionaryLine breaks: sheep|ish
Pronunciation: /ˈʃiːpɪʃ/
Definition of sheepish in English:
adjective
Showing or feeling embarrassment from shame or a lack of self-confidence: a sheepish grin
More example sentences
Synonyms
-!
embarrassed, uncomfortable, hangdog, self-conscious;
shamefaced, ashamed, abashed, mortified, chastened, chagrined;
Derivatives
- 1
sheepishly
- Example sentences
-.
- 2
sheepishness
- Example sentences
-.
Pronunciation: /ˈʃiːpɪʃ(ə)li/adverb
Pronunciation: /ˈʃiːpɪʃnəs/noun
Words that rhyme with sheepishcheapish, steepish
Definition of sheepish in:
- US English dictionary
- English synonyms
- US English synonyms
What do you find interesting about this word or phrase?
Comments that don't adhere to our Community Guidelines may be moderated or removed.
Get more from Oxford Dictionaries
= trendingTruck Driver - Class A CDL - Local Company Drivers & Owner Operators
Petro-Chemical Transport
Denver, CO
Petro Chemical Transport -- Drive and Thrive -- Professional Driving that Fits Your Life Petro Chemical Transport, a highway subsidiary of the Kenan Advantage Group, is now seeking Class A CDL Truck ...Search
I didn't know the lead singer from The Early November was in two bands. Oh wait, he isn't. This just happens to be another typical whiny singer coming our way via Drive-Thru Records. With that said I would like to introduce you all to the newest addition to DTR, Hidden In Plain View.
While listening to the first track I thought I had accidently purchased The Early November CD. After stopping my stereo and ejecting the CD to check to make sure I bought the right CD, I realized I had. This led me to believe that this CD was going to be a disappointment. After listening to the first song I realized this CD was going to be no different then the last 5 I have purchased.
The lyrics to these songs aren't that bad. The way they are sung is a whole different story though. The normal lead singer with screaming in the background. The background singer repeating the words the singer just sang. Haven't I heard that before?
All in all the CD was a disappointment. I don't blame DTR though. I blame myself for thinking they could produce something original worth listening to.
I agree...this band fucking sucks. This isn't punk...this is typical, generic, pussified whiny goddamn emo. People rave about how this band rocks. Their singer sounds like he hasn't reached puberty, and screams like a little girl, and the music itself is rehashed and watered down beginner level power chords that anyone who has basic knowledge of how to play a guitar can play. Seriously, how is that good music? If you're a pussy ass emo fag, then yeah you'll appreciate this band. If you want some REAL punk, go listen to NOFX, Rancid, Descendents, Pennywise, Superjoint Ritual, Agnostic Front, Black Flag, S.O.D, M.O.D, Corrosion of Conformity, Suicidal Tendencies, Warzone, Leeway, or any other TRUE punk band! Emo pussy wimps!
Nice forum you got here, I'm here to tell you that the end of the world is near, (or not)
HIPV rocks!!! good job guys!
Who ever did this main review is a fuckin dickhead pussy ass bitch. Your so lame mabye you should get some better taste in music you stupid bitch cause obviously your in so much denial about yourself or your penis or something that you cant do a fucking decent review so stop hating on HIPV. You make somthing up that sounds better than this and then send it to me and I will see if your able to fuckin judge shit you fuck head.!!
"you should definitely see their live show"
no you really shouldnt. unless you like really bad music.
Hidden In Plain View sucks the major fucking cock all of you asshole bitches who like them should kill yourselves you cunt guzzling fruitcakes. Thank you and Have a nice day :-)
Dear "Lost In The Crowd 13"
A review is a piece of journalism. It is meant to be informative and critical of the subject, for bad or good. Quite frankly you are a shit journalist. You are not worthy of writing a review of this album.
The over used comments such as "i checked my CD player to make sure I was not listening to *insert band name here* is very boring now.
Not only is this a good album, but you my friend are a twat.
Thank you for your attention.
PS Do not write a review under the name of "Lost In The Crowd 13" again, as it makes you look like even more of a penile wart than you are (and you are a large, puss filled one at that).
" every review of this album uses that whole sarcastic "i puled the cd out to see if it was the right one" remark and its not funny any more. "
That should tell you something about the album.
"
that was almost funny, but it fell short
this review sucks. every review of this album uses that whole sarcastic "i puled the cd out to see if it was the right one" remark and its not funny any more. get some originality and some real critisms of this album
QUICK!
Pull the review down before Drive Thru Records files a lawsuit for defamation of bad music.
fuck my ass fuck fuck my ass
holy shit now that is brilliant.
i think rosie perez posted that.
."
what the fuck.
shit, of course.
review's for the score.
To the guy who said their first cd was good:
What did it sound like?
wow, this review gave me herpes.
this band has the worst name i've seen in a long, long time.
they should tour with Verticle Horizon and Third Eye Blind.
why are there all the sudden reviews from the small chicago label LLR? this band and 504plan are/were both on that label, when the only good band from that label is the academy.
Their first CD before Drive Thru, Operation Cut Throat, had some good shit on it. I don't know what happened but they totally changed their sound. They should go back to where they started. Is someone else writing their music?
i saw them and was obviously uninterested, but my friend who moderately liked them said they werent any good live, so take that for something i guess. it should probably be easy to tell that this is shit without a review, but i guess this works for anyone who was on the fence
this cd is good. their live performance is better. and they personally are great guys.
if you actually take these reviews seriously on this page, then you need your head checked..
Alright...I hate this band as much as the next guy, but the reviewer actually went out and BOUGHT IT. wouldn't you expect the maximum suckage?
millikin U is for pussies
"by far the WORST. REVIEW. EVAR"
that hurts just to read
Yeah my review does suck ass.
Why do you have to eject the cd to see who the band is? Don't you have the case right there?
And boy....you can't remember what cd you bought? Come here, I got a blender to sell 'ya.
Honestly this shit is so bad I can understand why this guy wouldn't want to waste time telling everyone what sucks about it. He said it sounds like the early november and every other peice of shit Drive Thru has put out. That's enough for me, quit crying pussies. How many of you actually thought you'd buy this record anyway? I'm sure most of us had an idea regardless of this review. And about 50% of the reviews on here get the "worst review ever on this site" comment.
score is for the cd, and a 4th of that is for the review.
um idon't understand what your fucking problem is "lost in the crowd 13". quit living.
This here review seems to be going for "most-hated" on site.
horrible horrible review. did you even know what the ealy november sound like? Biased from the start, if ya didn't want to listen, then don't write a shitty review.
by far the WORST. REVIEW. EVAR.
and im pretty sure this band sucks too.
this is just as bad as the latest saves the day review.
-scotty
you people KNOW shit
i like this cd. yes, it sounds like everything else, but their drummer is pretty sick for being such a young kid. you should definitely see their live show, anyway. and yea, their older stuff put this album to shame. OMFG GO ELITIST MOTHERFUCKERS!#@%
may i ask what the fuck was going through your head when you wrote this? obviously everyone on this site is going to agree with you that hidden in shitview sucks major dick, but you could have at least put an ounce of thought into this review. this is probably the worst review i've ever read on this site, and i've been comming over here for 2 years. please do everyone a favor and don't submit anymore reviews if you're going to put zero thought into them. this was ridiculous.
the hidden in plainview album sucked cause the first song was horrible. the second - 4th songs were mediocre and everything past that was crap i've heard before. but at least this review is way fucking better than yours you crap weasel.
i just vomited in my mouth.
-funkisdead.
yes you should blame your self... 5 cd's god damm...
These guys used to rock. Not in a hardcore way, but in a really good pop-punk/power pop way. I KNEW signing to Drive Thru would ruin them.
Suck my dick suck suck my dick and its big yes and its big
They should shorten their name to just "Plain"
You don't even need a review. You can just look at what label this is on and realize it is terrible.
-Justin
it must say something about your tastes that the last 5 cds you bought all sucked; probably goes along with how much this review sucked. if you're going to schlag a record, at least give some reasons why other than it sounds like everything else drive-thru has put out lately. duh, of course it does. that's what drive-thru is beating like a dead horse these days. go figure.
that review didnt tell me anything... but it doesnt matter. drive thru records is a perfect representation of everything that is wrong with music today. drive thru and MTV are destroying hardcore.
I don't care for Drive-Thru at all, (I don't consider RX Bandits a "Drive-Thru band", but this review is fucking horrible. You make no sense, and almost made a review just to bitch about a label you don't like. Next time, how about describing why the album eats cock, instead of some generic observations.
I'm not asking for Pitchfork, but come on. No gold star for effort here.
-sickboi
shitty review dudeTalkin' Back 2: Chicago Youth RespondMay 10 — May 13, 2005
Based on the smashing success of the museum’s spring 2004 exhibition Talkin’ Back: Chicago Youth Respond for which teens from six schools created work combining text and image in workshops led by photographers and writers drawn from Columbia College’s faculty, the museum has made this exhibition an annual event. This year’s Talkin’ Back exhibition will be held from May 10-13, 2005. An artists’ reception with spoken-word performances will be held on May 10 from 4-7pm.
Talkin’ Back features works made by Chicago youth who combined words and pictures to express their creative voices in workshops led by photographers and writers in programs sponsored by the Museum of Contemporary Photography, After School Matters and the Office of Community Arts Partnerships Columbia College Chicago.
Featuring work by students at the Academy of Arts and Technology Charter School, Beethoven Elementary School, Curie Metropolitan High School; Herzl Elementary School; Juarez Community Academy; Providence St. Mel School; Pulaski Community Academy and Sabin Magnet School.
Participating programs were sponsored in part by Chicago Community Schools for the Fund of the Chicago Community Trust and Affiliates; CPS Improving Academic Achievement through the Arts IAAA grant; City of Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs, the Fund for the Improvement of Post Secondary Education (FIPSE); Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs (GEAR UP); the Illinois Arts Council, a state agency; Kraft Foods; Learn and Serve America with the Corporation of National and Community Service; the Polk Bros. Foundation; the Surdna Foundation; and the 21st Century Community Learning Centers Program.
The Talkin’ Back exhibition was made possible by generous donations from the MoCP Museum Council, whose gift is in honor of the Museum’s founders, and GE Corporate Financial Services. Commenting Stamp Tool Bug, 1 Attachments
Conf: (P-PDF) Acrobat 6.0, Msg: 157580
From: njenney
Date: 1/18/2007 02:59 AM
I am using a custom stamp when annotating a PDF doc in Adobe Acrobat Standard 6.0. The little drop down arrow to the right of the stamp icon has become deactivated. Sometimes it will work for a little while. I can place 6 or 7 stamps and then suddenly it will stop working and I only have the option of placing the last stamp by clicking the icon. The dropdown becomes deactivated. Same result from the main menu (Tools > Commenting > Stamp Tool).
Has anyone seen this issue before?
Any help is appreciated.
Thanks.
njenney
adobe6_stamp_error.doc (160,768Costume Explorer
Your Costume Ideas Search Engine
Jesters were popular entertainers in the Medieval Times, keeping the king, queen and their courts in fine spirits with their buffoonery and satirical performances. Versions of the Jester costume, including the iconic cockscomb hat, have been interpreted for many modern shows, the most popular being The Joker from Batman. With a few looks through middle century history books and some creativity, you can put together a Jester costume that is sure to get laughs.
Items Needed:
Jester pattern
Velvet–like fabric in two colors
Jingle bells
Cockscomb hat
Elf shoes
Face paints
Broomstick or large dowel
Ribbon
Instructions:
Step 1: Making a Jester costume is definitely going to require a pattern and sewing machine. The traditional style of the court jester is a loose tunic and pair of pants that are color–blocked in two contrasting tones. The distinctive collar and hemlines are often finished with a jagged, pointy edge with dangling jingle bells.
Step 2: Purchase or use a pattern and some leftover velvet fabric and jingle bells to make the cockscomb hat, traditionally with three points to symbolize the ears and tail of a donkey.
Step 3: Use more leftover fabric to create pointy–toed shoe covers to slip over your sneakers, or a pair of elf shoes will work as well. Add face paints for a clownish face.
Step 4: In their mocking of royalty, Jesters usually carried a mock scepter. You can make your own colorful scepter with a broomstick or approximately 4 to 5 foot long dowel. Wrap colorful ribbon up the broomstick in an alternating colorful pattern with long strips dangling down from the top. On the ends of the ribbon, tie on jingle bells for a jaunty effect with you come bounding into the royal castle.Jiggs McDonald saga near a happy ending
Jiggs McDonald, the Hall of Fame hockey broadcaster who was stuck in Thailand at the end of a vacation trip when political protesters closed the country's airports, is on his way home.
McDonald's daughter, Susan DeSimone, said in an e-mail that her father and her mother, Marilyn, made it out of Thailand and on to Hong Kong. They're scheduled to fly from there to Toronto on Wednesday.
McDonald, 70, was the original voice of the expansion Kings and later called games for the Atlanta Flames, New York Islanders and Florida Panthers.
DeSimone, who lives in Minnesota, thanked the many well-wishers who contacted her after hearing of the adventure that unexpectedly added a week to her parents' trip.
"I just wanted to say -– again -– a huge thank you for all that you have done to draw attention to and cover this story," she said in an e-mail sent to several reporters. "Particularly to those of you who helped us put all of this in motion last Friday -– I’m sure you’ll hear some personal thank you’s from Jiggs when he gets back."
--Helene ElliottMore than a third of Americans have debts reported to collection agencies. If you're one of them, here are the repayment and negotiating strategies you need to know.
Today’s encouraging economic news notwithstanding, plenty of Americans are still struggling with their own personal economies. According to a study released Tuesday by the Urban Institute, more than 35% of Americans have debt that has been reported to collection agencies. What’s more, the share of consumers in collections hasn’t changed, even as overall credit-card debt has decreased in recent years..
1. Don’t Get Emotional
When a debt collector calls, he’s trying to assess your ability to pay and may attempt to get you to say or agree to things you shouldn’t. You’d be best served by keeping the initial call short and businesslike. Collection agencies are required by law to send you a written notice of how much you owe five days after initially contacting you. Wait to engage with them until after you receive this letter.
2. Make Sure the Debt Is Really Yours
If the debt sounds unfamiliar, check your credit reports. Request a report from each of the three credit bureaus for free from annualcreditreport.com and scan for any incorrect data. A study by the Federal Trade Commission found that one in 20 consumers could have errors in their reports, and 24% of the mistakes people reported were about a debt collection that wasn’t actually theirs. (Learn more about how to fix costly credit report errors.)
3. Ask for Proof
Once you get written notice, contact the debt collector. If you are disputing the debt because of an error or identity theft, send a letter to the collector by certified mail within 30 days of receiving your notice stating that you will not pay and why. Also notify each of the three credit bureaus by mail, explaining the error and including documentation so that the problem can be removed from your report. If you are unsure about whether you owe money or how much you owe, ask the collector by certified mail for verification of the debt. That should silence the calls for a while; collectors must suspend activity until they’ve sent you verification of the debt.
4. Resist the Scare Tactics
Some debt collectors may try a range of tricks to get you to pay up, but it’s important to know your rights. Under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, collectors cannot use abusive or obscene language, harass you with repeated calls, call before 8 a.m. or after 9 p.m., call you at work if you’ve asked them to stop, talk to a third party about your debt, claim to be an attorney or law enforcement, threaten to sue unless they intend to take legal action, or threaten to garnish wages or seize property unless they actually intend to. If the agency commits a violation, file a complaint with the FTC and your state Attorney General, and consider talking to an attorney about bringing your own private action against the collector for breaking the law.
5. Be Wary of Fees
Typically, the contract you agreed to when you took out the loan or signed up for the line of credit states how much interest a collector can charge on your debt. Most states have laws in place capping the amount of interest agencies can tack on. Check the balance the original creditor listed as “charged off” on your credit report. If there is a big increase in the amount the collector wants, consult your original contract. Your verification letter may also give you more info about how fees are calculated. If you believe the debt has been inflated, reach out to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which might be able to resolve your issue with the collector.
6. Negotiate
Collection agencies will push you to pay the full debt at once, but if that is not an option for you, tell them how much you can afford to pay and ask if they will settle for that amount. If they accept these terms, get confirmation of the deal in writing before you pay. This way, you avoid any miscommunication about the total to be paid and time frame for the payments.
7. Call In Backup
If you and the debt collector can’t reach an agreement and it appears likely they will take you to court, consider hiring an attorney. While the fees and costs of doing so may be prohibitive, the collection agency is more likely to drop the case in favor of easier targets, a.k.a debtors without attorney representation.
8. Know the Time Limits
Creditors may imply that court action can be taken against if you don’t pay up, and while that’s true, there is only a certain window of time—typically three to six years—in which a creditor can sue you over the debt. While you’ll still owe the money, and collectors may still call about it, creditors cannot take you to court over it once it’s past your state’s statute of limitations. Statutes vary widely by state and type of debt, so check your state’s specific rules if the collector is calling about older debts.
9. Don’t Get Tripped Up By Your Own Good Intentions
Collectors can’t legally “re-age” your debt by giving it a new delinquency date, but you can inadvertently extend the statute of limitations or restart the clock in some states by making a payment on old debt, agreeing to an extended repayment plan, or even acknowledging that the debts is yours.
More Help for Conquering Debt:
3 Simple Steps to Get Out of Debt
7 Ways to Improve Your Credit
Which Debts Should I Pay Off First?New CONEXPO-CON/AGG online exhibitor education increases trade show results and ROIThursday, April 11, 2013
CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2014 exhibitors can achieve improved trade show results with the help of a new online exhibitor training program. Show management offers the “trade show strategy and planning” support curriculum at no charge to help exhibitors get the most from their trade show investment.
The training program includes five self-paced modules that cover a broad array of attainable goals in marketing, sales, business process enhancements and profit improvement. Four modules focus on strategy and planning, including objectives setting, target marketing, effective messaging and making the strategic plan. The fifth module emphasizes staff skills and engagement techniques.
Content is of value to both novice and veteran exhibitors, with comprehensive information that includes clear examples and suggested next steps. Downloadable handouts are provided, as well as worksheets where applicable.
Share learning sessions with all exhibit team members
The online training program is designed to foster interactive discussions and participation by all company personnel involved in CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2014 exhibit planning.
Trade show industry expert Ed Jones of Constellation Communication Corp. developed the program for CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2014. “We encourage exhibitors to take advantage of this invaluable service from show management. Revisit and review the modules as often as needed and share them internally with all exhibit team members,” stated Jones.
Jones is well-known for delivering training on best practices in the exhibit and event marketing industry. He teaches the required course in trade show marketing measurement for the Certified Trade Show Manager (CTSM) certification. Constellation Communication Corp. has provided evaluation, research, consulting and training for 25 years.
“Planning is an essential element of success, and this is another way we can support our exhibitors and enhance the value of their show experience. Research confirms that exhibitors who have a clear plan to achieve specific results are the most successful,” stated Megan Tanel, show director and vice president exhibitions and events for AEM.
Exhibitors can access the education modules using their CONEXPO-CON/AGG 2014 exhibitor password-order ID number. For more information, visit the show website Exhibitors/Show Preparation/Exhibitor Education.
More exhibitor education at Chicago May 15-16 meeting
Jones will also participate in the upcoming Exhibitor Education Meeting, to be held May 15-16, 2013 at the Intercontinental Chicago O’Hare Hotel in Rosemont, Illinois. The meeting is another free, value-added service, but registration is required.
The Chicago exhibitor education meeting includes more than a dozen learning sessions, including roundtables and panel discussions, and networking receptions and dinner – two days to gather with industry experts and fellow exhibitors to share ideas and experiences.
Tanel explained that CONEXPO-CON/AGG has made increased exhibitor engagement a key goal in trade show promotion, working with exhibitors to bring the right buyers to the events. “Our new online education and the Chicago meeting are opportunities to help exhibitors sharpen their skills and drive traffic to their booths,” she stated.
The Chicago meeting is open to both CONEXPO-CON/AGG and IFPE 2014 exhibitors and all companies that exhibit at AEM-produced trade shows, as well as all AEM member companies. To register for the Exhibitor Education Meeting and more details, go online to CONEXPO-CON/AGG or IFPE ( or Exhibitors/General Information) or AEM’s website ( Education/ Marketing Council).View all Industry NewsTuesday, 06 Jan 2009 03:35 PM
By Dave Eberhart
Palestinian extremist organization Hamas used the now broken cease-fire with Israel as a ruse to build up its supply of rockets and other arms, says a Middle East expert.
James Phillips, senior research fellow for Middle Eastern Affairs in the Douglas and Sarah Allison Center for Foreign Policy Studies at The Heritage Foundation advises that some of the war materials were smuggled through a system of tunnels beneath the Egypt-Gaza border.
“Hamas seeks to duplicate Hezbollah’s strategy during the 2006 war in southern Lebanon,” says the expert.
,” Phillips warns.
“Hamas remains confident that it can withstand Israel’s superior military capabilities because it is willing to accept the deaths of more Palestinians than it believes Israel is willing to accept,” Phillips concludes.
Israel withdrew from the Gaza Strip in 2005. Over 10,000 rocket and mortar shells have been fired from Gaza since 2001, with the attacks ramping up since Hamas seized power in a coup in 2007.
The usual inventory of Hamas rockets has supplemented by a growing number of Grad Katyusha-type rockets with a range of about 24 miles.
These more sophisticated rockets are constructed with components supplied by Iran, Syria, and a cadre of smugglers who move the contraband through cross-border tunnels into Gaza.
On December 31, Israeli police authorities estimated that these missiles now threaten about 860,000 civilians -- more than 12 percent of Israel’s population.
However, notes Phillips, rocket barrages are difficult to stop with air power alone, as Israel’s 2006 war with Hezbollah in southern Lebanon demonstrated – accounting for the ground invasion by Israel troops and armor.
Israel needs the ground operation to, among other things, destroy tunnel networks that have aided the Hamas military buildup.
“Jerusalem also seeks to restore its deterrent capacity — which was undermined by the inconclusive nature of the 34-day war against Hezbollah in 2006 — and to loosen Hamas’s grip on power,” says Phillips.
“Hamas will seek to prolong the fighting as long as possible to mobilize popular support for its radical agenda in the Arab and Muslim worlds, transform itself into the ‘victim’ of Israeli ‘aggression,’ and politically undermine moderate Arab governments that have supported peace negotiations with Israel,” warns the expert.
Phillips rounds out his analysis by advising that if President-elect Obama or his advisers make statements that lead Hamas to conclude that his administration will take a softer line on terrorism, it will likely prolong the crisis to get a better deal from the incoming.Best Way To Open Your Beer Bottle
Beer
01.05.2009
Nothing worse than sitting down to relax, having a beer and watching some TV only to realize you forgot your bottle opener, not to worry, after watching this video you’ll never worry about having a bottle opener again. This mad genius has come up with more than enough ways for you to use everyday objects to get the top of that bottle open without ever leaving the couch.
ha! very clever.
Nice! Gonna have to try the CD.
The CD was my favorite, or maybe the DVD of National Treasure that I have, it will never blemish my DVD player again.
Gotta agree….CD is my favorite as well. Almost makes me wanna buy a copy of something crappy like Britney Spears just to have around for that purpose…..ALMOST.
Another Rose from Two and a Half Men. Why use the front door?
Okay, that video was pretty awesome.
I know i have yet to find my copy of National Treasure to open a bottle.Unlike cats and dogs, who were domesticated based on a degree of tameness, rabbits were domesticated for aesthetic reasons. Selectively bred to yield specialized fur colorations, markings, and fur length, these little prey animals were never primarily raised for the pet industry until recently. This makes a huge difference in how we view their behavior and care in contrast with other companion animals.
More rabbits are surrendered to the MSPCA each year than puppies. Some of the common reasons pet rabbits are surrendered to the MSPCA:
- children lost interest
- too many (or accidental litter)
- stray
Unfortunately, a lot of parents see rabbits as a perfect first-pet choice for a child. And while they can make great family pets, rabbits require a great deal of gentle handling, consistent socialization, and regular habitat cleaning to maintain a healthy spirit and a healthy body. And expecting a small child to deliver consistent care isn't fair nor is it age appropriate. Often times, a cycle begins in which the rabbit experiences poor handling, and becomes fearful or reactive during subsequent handling, causing apprehension in the child, who then handles the rabbit even less.
The MSPCA recommends that all domestic rabbits be spayed and neutered, as this not only prevents unwanted litters, but also increases a rabbit's life span by eliminating many reproductive cancers -- normally a rabbit can live 5-7 years, though sterilized rabbits can expect closer to 8-10, and maybe even 12 years. Most people don't realize that rabbits are ALWAYS fertile, they don't cycle like other animals. This leaves the potential for many, many baby bunnies without homes.
Rabbits are also special in that there exists a local wild population seperate from the domestic version. But while native Cottontails and our 50+ breeds of domestic rabbit may share a lot of the same behavior and biology, they are not interchangable. Wild rabbits would not adapt to life with humans -- this would be incredibly stressful for them. And domestic rabbits could never fend for themselves in the great outdoors. They would soon die, as they would be unable to find food, water, and shelter. Sadly, some people decide to abandon their rabbits when they no longer want to keep them, thinking that the freedom of outdoor life is best. It isn't.
Before getting a rabbit, learn about their behavior and care needs, and make an informed choice about whether it's the best pet choice for you. And keep in mind that 8-10 years is a long time, and even when the novelty wears off, our pets still need us.Replaces
2005-2005 VW Jetta (8th Vin Digit J or M) Power Window Regulator (without Motor) Rear Passenger Side1AWRG00363
Part Details
- Operation: Power
- Side Location: Passenger Side
- Front / Rear Location: Rear
This part replaces:
- OE # 1J4839462F
- HOLLANDER 135-58451R, 135-58455R
- DORMAN 740-927
- New
This Volkswagen Golf and Jetta power window regulator is just what you need to get your vehicle in good looking form again!
Specifications:
- RH (Passenger Side) REAR DOOR
- Does NOT include the power window motor
- Replaces dealer part numbers: 1J4-839-462-F, 1J4839462F
- New, not rebuilt
- Direct bolt on
- Built to strict quality control standards
- Does NOT fit 2 door models
For vehicles needing info with a production date: You can find the production date of your vehicle on either the outer edge of the driver's front door or on the latch piller that the door closes on.
For vehicles needing info with a VIN code: You can find your vehicles VIN (vehicle identification number)in the driver's side lower corner of the windshield near the A pillar, on your title, or on your state registration.
This Volkswagen Golf and Jetta power.
How-to Video:(00:14 sec)
This part replaces:
- OE # 1J4839462F
- HOLLANDER 135-58451R, 135-58455R
- DORMAN 740-927
Vehicle Fit
- 1999 VW Golf 4 Door Power Window Regulator (without Motor) Rear Passenger Side (Built After 10/01/98 Production Date)
- 2000-2006 VW Golf 4 Door Power Window Regulator (without Motor) Rear Passenger Side
- 1999 VW Jetta Power Window Regulator (without Motor) Rear Passenger Side (Built After 10/01/98 Production Date)
- 2000-2004 VW Jetta Power Window Regulator (without Motor) Rear Passenger Side
- 2005 VW Jetta (8th Vin Digit J or M) Power Window Regulator (without Motor) Rear Passenger Side
Part #: 1AWRG00363
Ships Same Day for orders placed by 5 P.M. ET
Free GROUND SHIPPINGCheck Shipping Rates
We're here to help
Call Toll Free
888-844-3393
hablamos español:
866-401-3393George W. Bush on the road to Irving to address Jews for Jesus
George W. Bush’s post-presidential speaking gigs have taken him from international forums to motivational speaking rallies. Next week, Bush is scheduled to headline an event in Irving sponsored by the Messianic Jewish Bible Institute, which works to convert Jews to Christianity in advance of the second coming of Christ. The idea of converting Jews to Jesus is as old as the New Testament. But it’s a particularly sensitive subject for many Jews. Journalist Sarah Posner reports on the upcoming fundraising event in Mother Jones.
Asked about Bush’s upcoming appearance at the Messianic Jewish Bible Institute (MJBI) event, Rabbi David Saperstein, the director of the Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism, told Posner: , called it “infuriating.”
The Nov. 14 event will be held at the Irving Convention Center. According to promotional materials, Bush will discuss his White House experiences. Last year, conservative radio and TV commentator Glenn Beck was the keynote speaker. A spokeswoman for the organization declined to say whether Bush was being paid. Calls to Bush’s office in Dallas were not returned.
Many evangelicals, including San Antonio megapastor John Hagee, are big supporters of Israel. While some Jews say they appreciate the support, including financial backing of programs in Israel, the evangelical embrace is problematic for many Jews. While conservative Christians are fulsomely supportive of Jews now, there’s a concern it’s a prelude to their eventual conversion or condemnation once Jesus returns. An end-of-the-world theology advanced by some evangelicals envisions a time when all Jews must convert to Christianity or face annihilation.Tutorial:Introduction to Cytoscape 3
From OpenTutorials
Slideshow Introduction to Cytoscape 3
Handout Introduction to Cytoscape 3:User Interface
Cytoscape is an open source software tool for integrating, visualizing, and analyzing data in the context of networks. This tutorial describes the Cytoscape 3 user interface.
Cytoscape 3 User Interface
Launch Cytoscape 3. You should see a window that looks like this:
- At the top of the Cytoscape 3 Desktop window is the Toolbar, which contains command buttons. The name of each command button is shown when the mouse pointer hovers over it.
- In the upper right is the Main Network View window, where network data will be displayed. This region is initially blank.
- On the left is the Control Panel. The Network tab of the Control Panel lists the available networks by name and provides information on the number of nodes and edges.
- Immediately below the Control Panel is the Network Overview Pane.
- At the lower right is the Table Panel which can be used to display node, edge, and network table data.
The Control Panel and Table Panel are dockable panels. You can undock any of these panels by clicking on the Float Window
control in the upper-right corner of the panel. The Table Panel starts off with three tabs: Node Table, Edge Table, and Network Table; the Control Panel starts off with three tabs: Network, Style and Select. Loaded apps might add tabs to either of these panels.
Cytoscape 3 Toolbar
The Cytoscape toolbar contains short-cut icons for many common tasks:
- Open and save session.
- Import network from file, URL and table.
- Export network to file and image.
- Export the table panel to table.
- Zoom controls.
- Apply Preferred Layout will apply a specific layout algorithm, as defined in Layout → Settings....
- A set of network manipulation tools for creating a new network from selection, selecting first neighbors and hiding/showing nodes/edges.
- The Search input field. The Cytoscape 3 search tool is the previously described Enhanced Search, which is based on the Lucene information retrieval library. The query syntax can specify data table columns to restrict searches, accepts Boolean logic operators to search multiple columns, and wildcards for string values to search multiple fields. For example, the search "ynr050c*" will find all nodes and edges with "ynr050c" as prefix in any of the columns.
Cytoscape 3 Menus
Below is a brief summary of the menus in Cytoscape 3.
File
The File menu contains basic file functionality:
- File → Recent Session for opening a recently opened Cytoscape session file.
- File → New for creating a new network.
- File → Open... for opening a Cytoscape session file.
- File → Save for saving a session file.
- File → Save As... for saving a session file.
- File → Import for importing data such as networks and table data.
- File → Export for exporting data and images.
- File → Run... for running a Cytoscape script file.
- File → Print Current Network allows printing.
Edit
The Edit menu contains options for manipulating networks and network views:
- Copy, Cut and Paste editing functions.
- Undo and Redo functions which undo and redo edits made in the Table Panel and the Layout.
- Options for creating and destroying views (graphical representations of a network) and networks, and for renaming the network.
- Options for deleting selected nodes and edges from the current network.
- Options for removing duplicated edges and self-loops.
- Edit → Preferences → Properties to edit preferences for properties and apps.
Note: All deleted nodes and edges can be restored to the network via Edit → Undo.
View
The View menu allows you to display or hide:
- The Control Panel.
- The Table Panel.
- Results Panel. When displayed, the Results Panel appears in the upper right corner of the Cytoscape window.
- Tool Panel. When displayed, the Tool Panel appears in the lower left corner of the Cytoscape window, overwriting the Network View Panel.
- Show Graphics Detail. Displays all graphics details, regardless of the current Level of Details set.
- Full Screen Mode utilizes the full display for Cytoscape.
- Open Custom Graphics Manager lets you edit the library of custom graphs.
- If multiple network windows are present, you can control how to display them under Arrange Network Windows.
The Select menu contains options for selecting and viewing nodes and edges:
- Select → Mouse Drag Selects controls what is selected upon mouse drag, either nodes, edges or both.
- Select → Nodes and Select → Edges both contain sub-menus for options related to selected nodes and/or edges, such as selecting first neighbors of selected nodes, selecting/deselecting all, showing all, and inverting the selection.
Layout
The Layout menu has an array of features for visually organizing the network:
- Layout → Bundle Edges will bundle multiple edges between two nodes into one edge, for the current selection of nodes and/or edges. Below you can see the affect of edge bundling on a simple network.
- Layout → Clear All Edge Bends will change the visualization of all edges to straight, as opposed to bent. Below is a simple network before and after clearing edge bends.
- Rotate, Scale, Align and Distribute are tools for manipulating the network visualization.
- The bottom section of the menu lists a variety of layout algorithms which automatically layout a network. For more information, see the section about Layouts.
Apps
The Apps menu contains one entry for the App Manager, which has options for managing your apps (install/update/delete). The Apps menu will also have entries for any installed apps.
Tools
The Tools menu gives you access to a set of specialized tools:
- Command Line Dialog
- Tools → Network Analyzer
- Tools → Merge Networks allows you to merge a selected set of networks.
- Tools → Workflow
- The Help menu allows you to launch the help viewer and browse its table of.
Context menus
Cytoscape 3 has a set of context menus, for networks, nodes, edges and annotations:
Network context menu
- Add → Edge (and possibly Nodes) using SIF..."' lets you enter interactions and nodes in a simple SIF interpreter.
- Add → Node adds a node.
- Add → Arrow Annotation lets you add a customizable arrow to an image or shape annotation. The other end of the arrow can be attached to a node or other annotation.
- Add → Image Annotation lets you add any image to the network. The image can be re-sized and positioned immediately after it is placed on the canvas. Moving and re-sizing after it has been placed is possible through the Edit context menu on the annotation.
- Add → Shape Annotation lets you add any shape to the network. The shape can be re-sized and positioned immediately after it is placed on the canvas. Moving and re-sizing after it has been placed is possible through the Edit context menu on the annotation.
- Add → Text Annotation lets you add a text label to the network.
- Add → Bounded Text Annotation lets you add a text label within a customizable bounding box to the network. The bounding box can be re-sized immediately after it is placed on the canvas. Moving and re-sizing after it has been placed is possible through the Edit context menu on the annotation.
- The Delete menu lets you delete an Annotation.
- The Edit menu contains copy, cut and paste options.
- Edit → Bypass Style allows you to bypass the current Style for the network. Select Edit → Bypass Style → Set Bypass to Network to bring up the relevant properties in the Style panel, where bypass values can be set.
- The Edit menu also contains commands for ordering and modifying annotations.
- Select provides quick access to selecting and displaying/hiding nodes and edges.
- The Group menu options are active only when multiple nodes are selected, with options to group and ungroup selected nodes.
- The Apps menu contains options added by installed apps.
Node context menu
- The Add menu allows you to add an edge to the selected node, or edge(s) connecting multiple selected nodes.
- The Edit menu contains typical editor options (Copy, Cut), an option to Rename Node. It also has the option to Bypass Style, either for the selected node or the entire network.
- Select → Select First Neighbors (Undirected) provides quick access for selecting all first neighbor connected nodes.
- The Group menu has options to group and ungroup selected nodes, and also to collapse and expand selected groups.
- The Nested Networks menu contains options for adding and removing a nested network and an option to go to the nested network.
- Apps → Extend Network by public interaction database allows you to quickly access interactions in public databases for a particular node, using PSICQUIC web services. If interactions are found, you can choose to add them to the network.
- The External links menu lets you search for the selected node at a variety of public databases and resources.
- Preferences → Group Preferences... lets you define how groups are displayed and handled.
Edge context menu
- The Edit menu contains typical editor options (Copy, Cut) as well as quick access to the Clear All Bends for this Edge function. It also has the option to Bypass Visual Style, either for the selected edge or the entire network.
- The External links menu lets you search for the selected edge at public interaction, ontology and publication databases.DBackup 3.0
DBackup Details
Aethia SrlDeveloper :
3.0Version :
Windows 95/98/ME/NT/2000/XP Platform :
2.1 MbFile Size :
Free to try; $40 to buy License :
August 31, 2007 Date Added :
DBackup screenshotScreenshot :
DBackup Review
Write your review
Software related to DBackup
- Backup-2006 Studio 5.1.6.237
A powerful backup utility with disk image, synchronization and classic backup
- WinBackup 2.0 Standard 2.1.1
WinBackup 2.0 Standard - Backup Made Easyâ„¢
- SyncBackSE 6.5.30.0
Easily backup/sync files to another drive, FTP, ZIP, network, or removable media
- Backup2005 Pro 4.4.9.164
A powerful backup utility with a lot of options and quite user-friendly
- SmartBackup 3.4
Save essential files in a reserve location: Floppy, HDD, Flash Disk or LAN.
- GrandBackup Business 1.4
A user-friendly, intuitive interface for automatic backup of files and folders.
- FlexibleSoft Quick Backup 1.3
FQB is a unique program for backing up and restoring data in a quick way.
- BackUp Maker 6.505
Create data-backups with ease (CD/DVD and FTP supported).
- AutoZIP Backup 1.0
Professional software to automate the backup of your precious files to ZIP.
- Stellar Insta Backup - Data Backup Software 3.0
Stellar Insta Backup - Data Backup SoftwarePosted In: Election 2012, Multimedia, Uncategorized, Virginia
President Obama’s budget calls for big investment in education
by Félix Pérez
Building on his top priority to boost the middle class and promote economic fairness, President Obama made clear in his 2013 budget that high-quality education is absolutely critical to rebuilding our economy and that a strengthened American workforce requires that we continue to invest in education.
The President’s emphasis on education is evidenced by the fact that education is targeted for the single largest percentage increase of any discretionary item in the entire federal budget. The budget, released at a Northern Virginia community college Monday, February 13, calls for significant investments to provide career and higher education opportunities for all.
 . . . who’s in the process of retraining — whether it’s two years or four years or more, we’ve got to make sure that education is affordable and available to everybody who wants to go,” said President Obama to hundreds of students and faculty.
The President’s proposed budget call for modernizing at least 35,000 schools and providing $30 billion to help states, cities and localities retain and hire first responders and educators, as well as support the teaching profession. That proposal will keep teachers in classrooms, which will help address growing class sizes and provide assistance to states and towns facing tough economic times.
Of particular note is President Obama’s call to prevent the doubling of student loan interest rates (from 3.4 to 6.8 percent) scheduled for this summer. His budget also also calls for an $8 billion investment in community colleges so they can become “community career centers — places where folks can learn the skills that local business are looking for right now, from data management to high-tech manufacturing.” And, it would protect the maximum award for Pell Grants going forward.
Dennis Van Roekel, an Arizona math teacher and president of the National Education Association, praised the budget. “The president wants what every parent, student and the NEA want —qualified, caring and committed adults in every school in America to provide the support and programs needed for students of all ages.”
Learn more about which presidential candidates are standing with educators and the middle class by visiting the EdVotes.org Election 2012 page.
Please help us understand the basis for supporting President Obama when he and Arne Duncan support charter schools and merit pay. As part of the Indiana Coalition for Public Education, our organization speaks with many teachers who need reasons for their support of NEA’s endorsement of the President.
Thanks for what you do for public education.
Roger FierstSTACEY TORRANCE was in his prison cell Monday, writing to his attorney for an update, when the news he sought came blaring out of his TV: The U.S. Supreme Court had declared mandatory life-without-parole sentences unconstitutional for juveniles.
"I waited another 15 or 20 minutes to hear them say it again, because I wanted to make sure my eyes saw it right," said Torrance, an inmate at the state prison in Chester, who was 14 when he helped plan a robbery that ended with the kidnapping and murder of a West Philadelphia teenager in 1988.
Torrance didn't kill 16-year-old Alex Porter; he wasn't there when his cousin and another man killed the boy, and he insists he knew nothing of their motives. Yet he was convicted of murder and got an automatic life-without-parole sentence, as state law requires for all first- and second-degree murder convictions..
I try to research and gather information before beginning any project, so I read dozens of websites to come up with what seems to be the best bean to vodka ratio.
According to the FDA, the legal requirement for commercially made vanilla extract is 13.35 oz of vanilla beans per gallon of extract, or 6 beans per 1 cup of alcohol.
Anything less would just be vanilla flavored booze.
But home extraction methods are different than commercial methods so taking that into consideration, the minimum recommended beans is 8 beans per 1 cup of alcohol. (I used 10)
Or you can use even more, the best vanilla is the double strength!
The second question most commonly asked was what type of booze to use. The best alcohol to use is one that is a 35% to 40% (75 to 80 proof) mid price range alcohol. A really good rule of thumb, never use alcohol that you wouldn't normally drink. The vanilla extract will taste better if you use quality alcohol but you don't need the top shelf expensive alcohol. Mid price range vodka seems to produce the best results. Most of us already know that the better the quality of ingredients the better the out come of the recipe.
For a mid-priced vodka I use Smirnoff. I've had great results using Smirnoff when making other drinks such as Apple Pie Moonshine or Visinata or Cherry Brandy. Vodka is tasteless so absorbs the vanilla flavor the best.
I purchased my vanilla beans from Beanilla.com, and they offer free shipping. You will find cheaper and even more expensive beans, but quality is what to look for. The vanilla beans from Beanilla arrived moist and a little oily and in a vacuum sealed pack. There were approximately 60 to 70 beans in the pack. Many blog posts I read also recommended Saffron.com.
I have enough beans to make a couple bottles of vanilla now, with lots left over to make vanilla for Christmas gifts!
I have enough beans to make a couple bottles of vanilla now, with lots left over to make vanilla for Christmas gifts!
I ordered Madagascar Bourbon Vanilla Beans, which come from the Island of Reunion (known as the
Island of Bourbon),
east of Madagascar.
The Madagascar vanilla
bean has the classic, robust flavor that is typically associated with vanilla
taste and aroma.
Grade A or gourmet/prime vanilla beans are superior for cooking, but for vanilla making Grade B or extract grade vanilla beans can be used. And their cheaper than Grade A.
Grade A or gourmet/prime vanilla beans are superior for cooking, but for vanilla making Grade B or extract grade vanilla beans can be used. And their cheaper than Grade A.
How to Make Vanilla
What you’ll need:
- 8 Vanilla Beans per 1 cup (8 ounces) vodka (I used 10 beans per cup)
- Bottles (my bottles are 16 oz or 2 cups)
- Knife
- Cutting board
- Funnel
Directions
Dark bottles are best to use, but if you only have clear like me, just make sure to store bottles in the dark. My bottles are 16 oz or 2 cups each and I used extra vanilla beans, so 20 per bottle and 2 cups of vodka.
Sterilize the bottles. If you do not have bottles you can use mason jars.
On a cutting board slice each vanilla bean lengthwise, then cut each bean in half or into pieces.
Insert vanilla bean pieces into bottle. Cutting the bean in half or into pieces assures the beans will always be covered in liquid. Alcohol is a preservative. Beans that remain out of the vodka may spoil over time.
Using a funnel pour the correct amount of vodka into the bottle.
Seal the bottle and shake.
Store in a cool dark place, making sure to occasionally shake the bottle every few days or once a week.
Vanilla is ready to use in 2 months but will continue to improve or mature with age indefinitely.
Maintaining The Vanilla
To make more vanilla DO NOT remove the beans. Well, I mean you don’t have to, unless you wish to use them in baking. When the vanilla gets a little low, just add more vodka and allow to mature. If the liquid is no longer turning dark or the vanilla flavor is weak, just add a few more beans to the bottle and allow to mature. I read in one of the Barefoot Contessa Cookbooks that Ava has had the same vanilla, (bottle and beans, adding new of both over time) for nearly 20 years! Well actually reading that in her cookbook is what inspired me to look up how to make vanilla in the first place!
If the jar becomes too crowded with older beans, remove a few and use to make vanilla sugar or flavored salt or use in your favorite recipe.
Rum Vanilla
For a little different taste, try rum instead of vodka, but using the same amounts called for in the recipe. Again, a mid-priced rum is best. Bourbon and Brandy can also be used, but will affect the flavor. Vodka is tasteless so absorbs the vanilla flavor the best.
Vanilla Gifts
Pour mature vanilla into cute little 4 ounce brown bottles, making sure to insert a piece of vanilla bean to each. Attach a gift tag or ribbon. Attaching the recipe to the gift is a great idea too.
Storing Extra Beans
Store vanilla beans in a baggie inside an air tight jar.
I kept mine in the package they came in, placed that bag inside a food storage bag, and then placed it in a mason jar.
The idea is to keep the vanilla beans moist until ready to use. If sealed and stored properly the beans could last up to a year.
I have seen many articles that suggest freezing the beans, but I’m not sure one way or the other. I can not see how freezing would hurt the beans and may actually preserve them longer.
Let me know if you've already made vanilla at home and how it turned out.
Or are you as excited as I was to give it a try?
Oh, I thought the bean was to flavor the vodka, lol
As I see it, if yours doesn't turn out, there's nothing wrong with vanilla vodka, haha
Gosh, I didn't know that's all there is to it. I thought it was some kind of exotic thing that took years to make and is why it costs so much. Thanks for the post.
You know, for some reason I had that same concept as to how vanilla was made. I'm so glad I discovered how easy it is to make.
Once bottled and it has set... do you take the beans out or leave them in and if you take them out.... you use the vanilla flavor vodka? Do you put it into another bottle or leave it in the bottle you put the beans in and use it from that bottle? Thanks for your help.
Leave the beans in. As you use the vanilla, add more vodka. If the vanilla is no longer strong, add more beans. If the jar becomes crowded, remove a few old beans and add new. But no need to remove the beans unless you want to cook with them. You can leave the vanilla in the bottle you made it in. Make sure to store in a dark place, cabinet or pantry. You can divide into small jars to give out as gifts. If gift giving, make sure to put pieces of vanilla bean into each jar and add the recipe so they can make their own vanilla.
Saw the link to this on Facebook. Easy clear instructions you give makes me sure I can make my own vanilla, thanks!The sleep monitor attached to the player’s wrist begins to gently vibrate when it’s time to wake up.
Instead of a screeching alarm clock that startles you out of your sleep, the device the Eagles wear draws you to consciousness slowly as the vibrations gradually increase.
During the night, the device records when you fell asleep, how well you slept and how many times you woke up during the night. This draws the competitive side out of these athletes. They want to improve those numbers, so they work on it. Maybe they’ll go to bed a half-hour earlier, maybe they’ll alter their night-time routine.
When Najee Goode -- the Eagles' reserve linebacker and special teams player -- first moved into his new place, his numbers were terrible. He lives by a train, so his sleep reports weren't so great early on as he got accustomed to the frequent rattling outside. Now it's better. He would wake up maybe 10, 12 times during the night. Got it down to eight. Now it's steadily at five or so.
The players' sleep reports go right into a computer system that can be accessed by sports science coordinator Shaun Huls. That's just the beginning of the data that the former Navy Seal trainer collects on a regular basis. At the beginning of each day, the players take a wellness questionnaire on their iPads that asks about body soreness and things of that nature.
"We put that into the computer at the beginning of the day every day, and [assistant strength coach] Keith [Gray0], Shaun and [strength and conditioning coach] Josh [Hingst], they'll come over right away and say, 'Alright, you need to do this for today, you need to do that.' And by Thursday, Friday you're all well recovered so you're ready to run on Sunday."
They collect intel gathered from the sensors that the players wear on the field which measure things like agility, force and acceleration. They chart their performance in the weight room. Part of Huls' job is to make sense of the information that has been gathered and then structure an individualized plan of attack for that day, that week, etc.
"He's the guy that's really like the mathematician, kinda puts all the numbers into words as far as everything we have to do as far as our training, how we're feeling, stuff like that," said Goode. "Shaun can interpret our body soreness and help us out as we go towards Sunday."
Added DeMeco Ryans: "Shaun just does a good job of staying on top of guys, not letting it drift off. He doesn't go a couple days without asking guys, 'What's going on? What are you doing for recovery? How are you feeling?' That's one advantage we have, having a sharp guy like Shaun, and Josh in the weight room, to help us individually as players.
"It's different, and this is the best I've felt in my career. I feel like that's a credit to those guys and what they're doing."
The steps needed to quicken the recovery process aren't always easy.
Goode joked that his first instinct was to find someone to fight when he saw the four-inch needle get pulled out. Blood had been drawn from his arm and put through a process called PRP [platelet-rich plasma], in which platelets that assist in healing are separated from the rest of the blood cells. The high concentrate of platelets are then injected into the injured area in the name of speeding up recovery.
Jay Cutler used PRP this year after tearing his groin muscle. Troy Polamalu and Hines Ward turned to PRP to help get them healed and ready for the Super Bowl in 2009.
In Goode's case, that needle was headed straight for his hamstring.
"It was probably the worst shot I ever had in my life," he said, "but right after I got it done that night it felt 10 times better. And it wasn't nothing crazy, it wasn't nothing illegal, it wasn't nothing special, it was just something simple that they did.
"It immediately did the job because when I came back in on a Wednesday I was able to jog, I was able to push, I was able to run a little bit more and I'm able to run a little bit more now. It was crazy."
Allen, Cooper and free agency
Nate Allen is in the final year of his rookie contract. While that may not have registered on the concern-meter heading into the season, it's noteworthy now that the safety is playing some good football. We caught up with the former second-round pick to see how he's looking at the situation.
"It would be good to stay here because, you know, for some stability, and I like it here, like the team, like the coaching staff," said Allen. "Some guys look at it as a stressful time but it's interesting [to me], it's going to be interesting to see what happens. It's rare that somebody stays somewhere their whole career, so we'll see what happens, man."
Allen is finally starting to resemble the player the Eagles envisioned when they selected him with the 37th overall pick in 2010. Now that things appear to be coming together for the 26-year old, there is logic in trying to hold onto him.
The Eagles in recent years have typically avoided doing deals in-season. As far as Allen knows, there haven't been any substantive talks yet.
"If anything is being said, it's to my agent. I haven't heard anything, and don't listen for it," said Allen.
Riley Cooper is also scheduled to become a free agent.
"I've thought about it, and I know it's there," said Cooper, "but it's something you can't control so why get your mind so caught up in it where it starts affecting your play?"
Cooper's situation is unique because of the incident this past offseason. What would the dynamic be like if he was among players who didn't know him? How desirable would it be to go to a new team and try and earn players' trust all over again? Plus, Cooper has found success under Kelly. He's probably in no hurry to separate himself from this offense.
"I want to stay here. I like it here. I'm comfortable here," said Cooper. "I've been here four years. Yeah, this is where I want to be."
The Eagles will also have to make decisions on Jeremy Maclin and Michael Vick.
Cedric Thornton is another name that comes up, seeing as his three-year deal is set to expire. Nothing is happening on the Thornton contract front at the moment, we're told. It's important to remember that there are two more years that are team-controlled when it comes to the defensive lineman. Players with three accrued seasons can become restricted free agents once their deal expires, and they can be unrestricted after four. An accrued season is obtained by spending six or more regular-season games on a club's active/inactive, reserved/injured or reserve/physically unable to perform lists. Thornton did not meet those requirements his rookie season, meaning he only has two accrued seasons under his belt.
As for Nick Foles, any thoughts of locking him up to a big deal have to be put on hold. The CBA prevents any drafted player from renegotiating his contract until after his third season. Foles is in his second year.
Peters in the middle
On gameday, the Eagles form a huddle around the 50-yard line following warm-ups and before heading inside for the final time. This is the shot you might see on television, where one of the leaders stands in the middle of the circle and fires the group up with a few choice words. For the better part of two seasons, that job has fallen to Ryans and Vick, who would alternate week-to-week.
Since Foles took over as the starter, Jason Peters has been working into the rotation.
Given how quiet he is, at least around reporters, you wouldn't think that would necessarily be a role he craved. But he's been a leader for this team on several different levels, according to his teammates.
"Jason does a really good job of sitting back and watching you and whenever he sees things that you need to improve on, he'll speak up," said rookie tackle Lane Johnson. "I think he speaks up at all the appropriate times, and really helps me moving towards game day -- what to watch for and things to be aware of.
"He gets riled up on gameday, especially right before we go in. He's a guy that tries to get us all amped up and going."
What's the message?
"Pretty much, let's get after their [bleep]," said Johnson. "Full-throttle kind of deal."Orange Tart
Makes: 6 to 8 servings
- 1 blood orange
- 1 navel orange
- 1 sheet frozen puff pastry, thawed
- 1/3 cup orange marmalade
- 3/4 cup heavy cream
- 1 tablespoon confectioners' sugar
- Peel oranges and remove pith; slice each into 8 rounds. Put pastry on parchment- lined baking sheet; spread with marmalade. Top with oranges. Bake at 425 degrees until crisp, 25 minutes. Let cool. Beat cream and sugar until thick; serve with tart.Lums, Shakeys, Nickel Nook, and Scotty's
Don Thompson
Junior Burger
2003/07/15 17:07:44
I lived in Portland, Oregon during the 50's and they had a chain of hamburger joinst called Scotty Burgers. How long did they last or are there any of them still left.
Also in the Midwest was a chain of hamburger stores called the Nickel Nook Restaurants. Hamburgers were a nickel. Great snacks after swimming or playing ball.
I remember a Lums restaurant at Indiana University which was a pretty good place to "study" after playing tennis.
Shakey's put out a set of baseball cards with their pizzas in the 70's. Wish I had a complete set now. We just pitched them. Bdet they are worth a few dollars.
Flat Reading Mode
Thread Reading ModeJust a note for those about to venture into the world of Tinder or any other dating site: Make sure you really think about your bio. 335 more words
That's Mannequin Is My Girl [Chapter 5]
Title : That Mannequin, Is My Girl
Author : MeiKim
Poster by : LAYKIM @ IFA
Length : Chapter
Rating : PG-13
Genre : Romance, School-life… 3,828 more words
Blood Isle, Calasade Series by Mark Stone #Amreading @calasade
Blood Isle, Calasade Series
by Mark Stone
Genres: Greco-Roman, Illustrated, Fantasy, Horror, Mystery, Mythology, Romance
248 Pages
Release date: May 18, 2015
Calasade is a Greco-Roman Fantasy world that was in development for over five years. 419 more words
[Twoshot-Teaser] A Chance Between Us?
Title: A Chance Between Us?
Author: anonymouspark
Genre: Sad, Friendship, Romance.
Lenght: Short story
Cast:
Oh Sehun
Song Jieun (OC)
Disclaimer: This is just a fanfic. 302 more words
J.J. DiBenedetto new release!
Please welcome my completely awesome friend James as he celebrates his new release today!
What if you could see everyone else’s dreams?
Find out with the Dream Series by J.J. 998 more words
The treatment
Second and last book in the program series by Suzanne Young.
This book healed so may open wounds left by the first book still sad but not nearly as sad as the first one. 268 more words
Your Marriage is Not a Hollywood Romance
I’ve been writing a column titled “The Marriage Triangle” for The Relevant Christian Magazine (TRC). I like to share articles I find about marriage in between publication of The Marriage Triangle articles. 135 more wordsI think it is a good idea whenever you have been in a high-stress, bright-lights environment before sleeping to take a little while to wind down, in a dimly lit quiet room. Reading by an oil lamp or candle is ideal for this, maybe half an hour to an hour, however long it takes you to feel calm and slow and your eyes start getting really heavy.
Of course, staying up until 2AM is not so great, but you do what you can. Make sure you have your windows well covered so you can sleep through the morning; you'll want to be sleeping until at least 10AM to make sure you are well rested. Good luck!Minutes for May 04, 2005
Printer Friendly Versions (Word | PDF)
Pledge of Allegiance
Roll Call
Senators present: Louisa Arriaga, Gene Bals, Estella Barron, Ann Bell, Jaclyn Byrd, Bryan Carson, Nick Chavez, Robin Cooper, Gerald Cunningham, Sandy Ellis, Maria Fernandez, Travis Findley, Rocky Gauna, Sandy Gellner, Brent Guinn, Scott Hall, Lori Hefley, Gary A. Johnson, Marlene Kenady, Carolyn Kennedy, Rick Loper, Guadalupe Luna, Amy Martindale, Barbara McArthur, Teresa Neal, Donna Perry, Eddie Ramirez, Don Roulain, Jake Syma, Richard Verrone, Barbara White, Everne Williams
Senators absent: Jana Atkins, Eric Burrell, Doug Crockett, Chance Dragich, Patrick Hancock, Sheri Lewis, Dawn Moreno, Rebecca Owens, Larry Phillippe, Valli Ramanathan, Carol Ann Stanley, Tim Wolf
Minutes
On page 4 of the April minutes, the phrase "new employee orientation" should be changed to " New Employee Welcome Event."
Motion made by Gary Johnson to accept the minutes as corrected
Seconded by Don Roulain
Motion carries
Treasurer's Report
The Treasurer's Report is tabled until next month
Campus Operations: Max Hinojosa, Vice President of Operations
The Operations Division encompasses several departments and employs about 700 people among them. The total campus population rises to 38,000 during the peak times. Tech's facilities need to look presentable so people can be proud of their workspaces. The department's goal is to make everyone's jobs better.
Doug Chowning is Director of the Physical Plant. The Physical Plant's job is to take care of all the campus buildings and make sure everything is clean, safe, and functioning normally. Most of the budget and employees in the Operations Division are under the Physical Plant. The budget for the Physical Plant is about $55 million, and employees number around 500. The campus has 189 buildings. About 133 of them are used for education in general: they support the academic mission of the university. The auxiliary service facilities support other university functions that do not directly contribute to the classroom setting, such as the arena, the football stadium. The campus has about 7.5 million square feet, and Operations is directly responsible for 4.7 of them. The services to auxiliary buildings is paid for through reimbursements from the affected departments, such as Athletics and Student Affairs. Tech has two central heating and cooling plants. One is called CHACP 1, and is located by the greenhouses on the west side of campus. CHACP 2 provides all chilled water, air-conditioning for the Health Sciences Center and University Medical Center . The total value of Tech's assets, including education buildings, infrastructure, and auxiliary buildings is around $1.25 billion. The Operations Division's job is to maintain these assets. In 1990 and again in 2001, the Physical Plant received the APPA International Award for excellence. APPA stands for Association of Physical Plant Administrators, now called the Higher Education Facilities Officers' Association. This is a very high honor for university physical plants. CAPPA awards are available at the regional level.
Dewey Shroyer, Director of Grounds Maintenance, has been with Texas Tech for a long time. The staff at Grounds Maintenance numbers just under 100, with a budget of $2.7 to $3 million. They have to deal with West Texas weather that provides 7.5 inches of rain one year and 40 inches of rain the following year. Texas Tech is in the process of drilling wells so valuable drinking water is not used for watering the campus landscape. More than just mowing the grass around the buildings, the Grounds Maintenance crew takes care of the athletic fields, off campus maintenance, and snow and ice removal in winter. This past Friday for Arbor Day, the grounds crew prepared all the beds around campus. Last year TTU received the Texas Forest Service award for the community service project for Arbor Day. The department plans to apply for this award again. The Tech campus can be and has been a showcase. Grounds Maintenance also helps maintain the artwork and sculptures that are being added to campus. Soaker irrigation is often used around the art instead of sprinklers to avoid the mineral deposits caused by the water in the area. The department also received an award for the best athletic field in the Big 12. Grounds Maintenance has won the Professional Grounds Management Society's Honor Award for a consecutive three years. Only the Grand Award is a higher honor. Tech must compete with universities where the minimum annual rainfall is 33 inches a year.
Art Glick is in charge of the Site Development Workgroup which takes care of identifying the smaller projects on campus such as landscaping design, paving, park benches, etc. and delegating them to the appropriate department for action. Housed within the Site Development Workgroup is the new Space Management and Planning department run by Tom Keaton. The state is interested in how agencies and universities utilize their facilities and state appropriations will depend on how well each agency utilizes its facilities. Another area, GIS or "Geographical Information Systems," was created to visually allow a look at facility data as applied to Tech. This means that anyone can visit the web and find out where to go in each building in the event of an emergency, where are the fire extinguishers and exits are. This will also enable building planners to see the ground contouring and plan for water runoff to avoid flooding. This department has a little over $500,000 in budget and twelve employees.
Randy Nix, Director of Environmental Health and Safety, is responsible for occupational safety on campus. They take care of wastes generated on campus as well as taking care of environmental issues such as asbestos abatement and occupational hazards. Their job is to make Tech a safe place to live and work. The department has 18 employees and a $1 million budget. As Tech's research work increases, a lot of those programs will become more complicated and much more expensive, so their budget probably will be increased.
Buddy Knox is Director of Traffic and Parking. The department works in 2 different areas: enforcement and permits. Enforcement involves ticketing, booting, and towing, whereas permits involves not only issuing permits, but maintaining the database of everyone parking on campus, etc. Eric Crouch is in charge of the permits operation. Michael Lopez will work with departments to coordinate parking for events on campus including issuing passes, setting up the parking locations, and managing a shuttle system if necessary. Traffic and Parking has 33 employees and a $2.5 million budget. They provide services such as an education program, a motorist assistance program, and bringing mechanics campus just before big class breaks to inspect students' cars and make slight adjustments where necessary. They issue referrals when necessary for larger repairs. Traffic and Parking has been a punitive operation with the image to match. Enforcement was writing tickets to brand new students and their parents as they were moving into the dorms. Now, the new students get a notification that there is a problem and how to fix it. The notification also invites the student to use the notification to have their first parking ticket dismissed. The department now greets returning students with pizza. The objective is to change the face of Traffic and Parking.
Jack North is the General Manager of the golf course. The Rawls Course is a new operation. Staffing fluctuates with the seasons, so many of the workers are temporary. The NCAA women's regional golf tournament is being held here, which is a big event. Anyone can come watch. The Rawls Course was named in Golf Week magazine as the number 3 University golf course in the U.S. after being open only 2 ½ years. The golf course is not complete yet. There are still plans to build a clubhouse and a team facility for the golf team. The grill is open to everyone for lunch. The Rawls Course has one of the largest driving ranges in the U.S. at 53 acres. The driving range has the same type of grass as the fairways, so in emergencies, grass can be removed from the driving range to repair the course. The lake is fed with water from a well, and all rain drains to the lake. If the golf course is going to be flooded, Eric Johnson, the course superintendent, can set the pumping station to divert water to the west side of campus to the ponds and rangeland there. Water can also be diverted to the driving range which is easier to replace than the whole golf course. Anyone can take a tour on request by calling Jack North.
The system office is working on plenty of new construction. The new Animal and Food Sciences facility has just opened. The English/Philosophy building is just over a year old, and the old English/Philosophy building location will be a pedestrian mall. The old building has been demolished. Murray Hall, an apartment-style residence hall, is being built. The new Experimental Sciences building is behind schedule, but will be a nice facility and a boost to Tech's research endeavor. Tech conducts $40-50 million worth of research every year and has the capability to boost this. One of Tech's goals is to become a tier I research institution.
Answers to questions from Staff Senators:
Texas Tech University is supposedly the largest campus in terms of contiguous land area. However there are larger campuses in terms of total land area. The Air Force Academy is the largest. New Mexico State is number two. Tech is either number 3 or 4.
Texas A&M's enrollment is just over 42,000 or 43,000 and The University of Texas is around 52,000-53,000. Those schools are capping enrollments. Tech's enrollment is just over 28,000 and plans are to expand to between 30,000-32,000, which is what Tech can do comfortably using existing facilities. Dr. Whitmore would like to hire more faculty to ensure our student-faculty ratios and teaching loads remain at a manageable levels.
The first step to building a new building on campus is to work with the Dean to develop a needs assessment. Funding is an issue - there are many ways a building can be funded. The Performing Arts Center will be funded through private donations and fundraisers in conjunction with the city. For academic buildings, Tech can request tuition-revenue bonds from the state, and auxiliary buildings can be funded through student referendums. Occupancy thresholds are also an issue. It is necessary that building occupancies are not exceeded, but it is also necessary to make maximum use of a facility before requesting a new one. New buildings will eventually become part of the master planning and will go through Facilities Planning and Construction. Once a financial plan has been approved through Jim Brunjes, the Senior Vice Chancellor, the project moves into planning, schematic design, and ultimately final construction. The new Animal and Food Sciences facility took 6 to 8 years from initial idea to completion of construction.
A 5% increase in permit sales will be proposed to the Board of Regents next week. Parking lot maintenance has increased because the cost of asphalt has increased tremendously due to the cost increases in the oil business. A 5-year parking plan will also be presented to the Board along with a plan for the following 5 years as well. Through focus groups and town-hall meetings, it was discovered that many people believe mobility is a key issue. Park-and-ride did not meet with favor among faculty and staff because while the parking is free, the time factor is very inconvenient, especially for running mid-day off-campus errands. The plan is to try to increase area-reserved parking which is the favored type of parking. Visitor parking also is an issue because there are not enough spaces for visitors to campus. Solutions are being developed and Mr. Hinojosa offered to speak at a future Staff Senate meeting to offer an update on this issue. After the current plan is approved next week by the Board of Regents, a plan to finance it must be developed. More town hall meetings will be used to determine the best way to distribute the financial burden equitably so that it does not fall to students, staff, and faculty to finance the new plan.
Any of the directors in the Operations Division has an open-door policy for discussing issues around campus. Money is always the biggest issue. There are different committees to look at various issues. Anyone can sit in on any of the committees.
Mr. Hinojosa says he has had a chance to respond to some of the Staff Senate resolutions and says to keep up the good work.
New business
Marsha Sharp Freeway: The President's Office has requested each Senate body (Staff, Faculty, and Student) send a statement of position to the President's office which will be taken to the City Council for a meeting with the Texas Department of Transportation in order to comment on the Marsha Sharp Freeway becoming the Marsha Sharp Tollway. This would evidently shorten the construction time somewhat. There was not enough time to have a full Staff Senate meeting to get everyone's input. However, the Executive Board, with all EEO representatives, met and voted unanimously to send a letter stating the Staff Senate does not support a tollway.
Mobility Survey: Although Mr. Hinojosa mentioned that getting to and from work is an issue for employees, this survey deals with mobility while you are at work: going to and from different places on campus. This survey is currently active on the Staff Senate website. Last week, paper format surveys were sent to 500-600 employees in the Service EEO classification and the Crafts and Trades EEO classification. The survey is online for anyone to fill out. The mobility committee has sent out 2 TechAnnouncements and will send out 2 more. A minimum of 351 responses is needed to get a valid data set.
Officer nominations and elections will occur at the June 1 meeting. At that time, the Treasurer, Secretary, and next President-elect will be selected. Nominations will be accepted from the floor for those positions and vote will be taken by paper ballot if there is more than one nominee for a position. Anyone can serve as Treasurer or Secretary. The bylaws state the President-Elect must be at the beginning of their second year on the Staff Senate. The President-elect will serve for the following year in that capacity and then become the President the next year (the third year on the Staff Senate). After Brent Guinn's term as President is up, he will then serve as past-president in an ex-officio (non-voting) capacity.
The July meeting usually falls during the July 4 th week when many people schedule vacations. The July meeting will instead be held the second Wednesday of July (July 13) where the new officers and new senators will be inducted. Outgoing senators will be honored at this meeting, and President Whitmore is planning to host a reception for the Staff Senate outside this room at 4 p.m. following the meeting.
Committee Reports
Bylaws (Jaclyn Byrd) - No new changes are proposed this month. The Senate needs to vote on the changes proposed at the April meeting. See Appendix A for the text of the bylaws.
Article IV. Executive Board Section C - Attendance
Motion carries
Article III. Officer Duties and Vacancies Section C - Removal from Office
No vote was taken
Issues (Amy Martindale)
Pedestrian traffic around the parking garage - The Staff Senate passed a resolution requesting a barrier along Flint to direct pedestrians to the crosswalks. Max Hinojosa has said that funding has been secured. The design will be developed and the barrier will be constructed during a time when it will cause the fewest problems. Construction will most likely take place during the winter break.
Free tuition for staff - The people in upper administrative are supportive of resolution. President Whitmore would like to establish a presidential-level committee to study some details of implementation. It should be in place either in the fall or possibly the following spring.
Telecommuting - President Whitmore intends to designate a presidential-level committee to work on the revision of the policy to make it more accessible to employees.
Parking in Development - The committee submitted a letter to Buddy Knox to send out with the renewal notices this year. The letter will request people parking behind Development to move to cheaper area-reserve spaces so their current spaces can be converted to service parking. The committee will keep working on this issue until an equitable solution has been implemented.
Employee Mobility on Campus. Jana Atkins is chair of the ad hoc committee. A formal recommendation was approved by the Executive Committee to pursue an online survey to investigate the severity of campus mobility. The ad hoc committee developed the survey and submitted it to Executive Committee. The survey launched last Friday. Please visit the Staff Senate website to participate in the survey.
Hot Water in Campus Restrooms. Rebecca Owens is lead researcher. Several persons asked if washing hands in cold water is sanitizing. Other departments have dishwashers and say they are concerned about washing dishes in cold water. Research has indicated that dish and hand washing is effective in cold water, with the proper soap and length of washing. We have requested that Max Hinojosa send a memo to all department heads, letting them know about the availability of under-sink water heaters, at a cost of $700 to $800 to the department. His memo will also notify department heads that using antibacterial soap in dishwashers will properly sanitize them. Max Hinojosa has indicated his intent to notify all departments of proper hand washing procedures and hot water options.
Flying Flags at Half Mast. Amy Martindale is lead researcher. Some staff are concerned that lowering the US and Texas flags upon the death of a TTU student, faculty, or staff member is not allowable according to US Code. Only the President of the US or a state governor may direct the flags to be flown at half mast. The University President may direct the lowering of the TTU flag. TTU OP 76.04, governing Flying Flags, coordinates with the US Code. The TTU Police department was unaware of this language in the OP. They will now instruct officers as to proper half-masting procedures.
Elections - The nominations were short, so the Elections Committee and the Executive Board met. Only one nomination she has received had the proper signature on it. We are still lacking 14 nominations. Three more are needed in Clerical, five in Crafts and Trades, three in Professional, two in Services, and one in Technical/Paraprofessional.
COPS - no report
Communications and Public Relations (Jaclyn Byrd) - The committee did not meet this month. Committee members attended the Welcome Event and gave away freebies to the new employees.
Web page - Nominations were removed and the mobility survey is up right now.
Scholarship - no report
Nominations - no report
Grievance - no report
Outside committees
Status of Staff Ombudsman (Brent Guinn) - Committee was formed this year to create the position description and take applications. 110 applications were received and multiple rounds of interviews were held. The search committee had their final meeting on Monday and made its final recommendation to Dr. Anderes, who will be the supervisor for the position. Dr. Anderes is currently in negotiations with a specific candidate who will hopefully become the staff Ombudsman. This came about the help the staff work out issues that affect individual staff members.
Announcements:
The next Executive Board meeting will be May 25, 2005 at 3:00 p.m. in EE Bullen Room
The next Staff Senate Meeting will be June 1, 2005, 3:00 p.m. in Escondido Theatre, Student Union Building Basement
Introduction of new Senator Marlene Kenady (Clerical) from the Graduate School .
Appendix A
Article IV. Executive Board
Section C - Attendance
NEW
1. There will be approximately 12 meetings of the Executive Board during the year. All voting members of the Executive Board (President, President-Elect, Secretary, Treasurer and EEO Representatives) are expected to attend each meeting. In the case of a necessary absence, a member must notify the President or Secretary in advance of the meeting or no more than 3 working days after. Only 4 absences per year will be excused for any reason. After the 4 th absence the Secretary will notify the senator in writing that they have reached the limit. After the 5 th absence, the President will notify the member that he/she is being removed from the Board.
2. If an officer is removed from the Executive Board, the position shall be filled in accordance with Article III Section B of the Staff Senate Bylaws. If the member being replaced is an EEO Representative, a special election of that EEO Classification shall be held at the next Staff Senate meeting to choose a new Representative. The new member of the Executive Board will serve the remainder of the year, with a pro-rated number of absences.
Article III. Officer Duties and Vacancies
Section C - Removal from Office
ORIGINAL
Any officer may be removed upon two-thirds majority vote of the full Staff Senate. A petition signed by 15 percent of the Staff Senators shall be filed and attached to the agenda for the next meeting at which the vote shall be taken.
REVISED
For any reason other than absence at Executive Board, any officer may be removed upon two-thirds majority vote of the full Staff Senate. A petition signed by 15 percent of the Staff Senators shall be filed and attached to the agenda for the next meeting at which the vote shall be taken.LL Cool J will be sitting down with Oprah Winfrey on the next episode of Oprah’s Next Chapter, and he’ll be discussing a very dark period of his life.
The rapper-actor — whose real name is James Todd Smith — will be opening up to the media mogul about the abuse he suffered as a child at the hands of his mother’s friend, Roscoe. LL Cool J has previously written about the abuse in his 1998 autobiography, I Make My Own Rules, but he has yet to speak about it publicly.
In the book, the NCIS: Los Angeles star wrote:
“Roscoe beat me for just about anything. He would beat me for watching television, for lookin’ at him funny, for looking out of the window watching other kids play. He didn’t need a good reason. It was just a power trip. While my mother worked, Roscoe was home abusing her son. He was usually home when I came in from school and it was like, ‘Let the games begin!'”
In the interview, Winfrey says that LL Cool J called what Roscoe did to him abuse, but it was really torture. She asks him what was the worst thing Roscoe did to him.
“Just, beat with vacuum cleaner pipes. Just, strip naked, put your hands on the bunk bed. When you fall down, stand back up, get up.”
“Torture,” Winfrey interjects.
LL Cool J’s interview with Oprah Winfrey will air Sunday, January 27 at 9/8c on OWN.There aren't any velvet ropes maintaining Lynn MA sprinkler system repair music enthusiasts absent Terre Haute IN irrigation system repair from new and exciting music, just a state of mind that believes 'nothing awesome happens in Delaware.' Issues are changing, although, and more and much more venues are supporting live, authentic functions who are sprinkler repair team irrigation system repair Elkhart IN challenging the old status quo.
Visit the rustic Broken Arrow OK irrigation system repair Grog Restaurant to invest some time with your family members and friends and/or to capture some nearby music. This is a great location to Englewood CO irrigation system repair see nearby sprinkler repair team artists shine. irrigation system repair Richardson TX Music is sprinkler repair team accessible almost every night in irrigation system repair Muncie IN the sprinkler repair team summer season. Got a thirst to quench? Fall River MA sprinkler system repair Select a craft beer from their Waukegan IL irrigation system repair choice of 10-15 beer traces. The line Federal Way WA irrigation system repair doesn't isn't exclusive to irrigation system repair Hemet CA craft beer. Attempt a Harpoon IPA or an Ipswich sprinkler system repair Antioch CA Ale, which are each brewed locally. Prices on the menu variety http from $6.95 to $18.95.
Say goodbye to waltz as the western wedding Chico CA irrigation system repair would inquire Frederick MD irrigation system repair you to irrigation system repair Santa Cruz CA do a western two step. What sprinkler repair Clinton Township MI a distinction it would make, sprinkler system repair Fargo ND right? Nevertheless, in the El Monte CA sprinkler repair aspect of dancing, only 1 Brockton MA irrigation system repair thing stays: the newlyweds would dance first and then the relaxation of the guest irrigation system repair Spring Hill FL would follow.
We reside in a Waukesha WI sprinkler system repair microwave globe of quick food, specific shipping and delivery, and speedy-print. And so we determine, if we misplaced believe in in an instant, there must be a way to rebuild Longmont CO sprinkler system repair it in an instant as well. NOT!
Is jazz much more your fashion? Cool and sophisticated, New Castle County has its share of upscale eating places and lounges that rely on live jazz musicians to Hawthorne CA sprinkler system repair offer an ambience for intimate evenings Longview TX sprinkler repair on the city. Prince Ballwin MO irrigation system repair in Old New Castle and Ameritage Restaurant sprinkler repair New Bedford MA and irrigation system repair Napa CA Lounge sprinkler repair Gainesville GA in Wilmington are two locations that provide live music in a sprinkler repair Pacoima CA elegant environment.
Beetles - Hand pick them off the plant and drown them in oily-soapy drinking water. Do this Vacaville CA sprinkler repair early in Lima OH sprinkler system repair the early morning since the dew sprinkler system repair Columbia MD prevents sprinkler repair South Gate CA them from flying. You can also plant catnip or chives about sprinkler repair Lewisville TX the area you want sprinkler repair team guarded, since these vegetation repel Japanese beetles.
Cover your head: Wearing a hat throughout windy days is sprinkler repair team the safest way to protect the hair from drying out. This way, you will Mission Viejo CA sprinkler repair also protect your hair from drying out by the sun.
Video Game: Thief II: The Metal Age
Thief II: The Metal Age is the second game in the Thief series, and the final game created by Looking Glass Studios before it became bankrupt.:
- Bad Moon Rising: The second-to-last mission has a red full moon in the night sky.
- Blow Gun: A certain type of (relatively harmless) enemy uses them
- Friendly Enemy: Garrett and Viktoria in The Metal Age. They plot devious things together.
- I wouldn't say they were friendly at all. More like angry enemies. Garrett sees Viktoria as the monster who betrayed and mutilated him, while Viktoria sees him as a pagan jerk who ruined everything and slew her god. Only because Karras is the threat do they work together at all, because there is absolutely no alternative.
- Insecurity Camera: The Mechanist surveillance cameras.
- Turned Against Their Masters: How Garrett defeats Karras.Facebook backtracks on breastfeeding picture policy and tells mothers their images are 'natural and beautiful'
- Facebook quietly changed policy three weeks ago
- Tests by campaigners found that even if images received complaints, they were not removed
- Changes welcomed by campaigner from #freethenipple campaign
Facebook has changed its rules to allow users to post photos of breastfeeding.
Following a major online campaign called #freethenipple, it has been revealed the social network changed ts policy - but has not explained why.
Mothers took to the internet to complain after it was discovered breastfeeding photos were being banned.
Mothers can now post breastfeeding pictures of themselves on Facebook following a change in policy
FACEBOOK'S NEW POLICY
In answer tho the question 'Does Facebook allow photos of mothers breastfeeding?' the site revealed its policy change.
It's answer reads:
.'
Today it emerged Facebook changed its policy three weeks ago, updating a question in the sites help section to read: 'We agree that breastfeeding is natural and beautiful and we're glad to know that it's important for mothers to share their experiences with others on Facebook.
'The vast majority of these photos are compliant with our policies.'
It claims that many of the removals were actually due to complaints from other users.
'Please note that the photos we review are almost exclusively brought to our attention by other Facebook members who complain about them being shared on Facebook.'
To test the new rules, US parenting blogger Paala Secor posted a photo of her breastfeeding to her 4,655 Facebook followers, in which her nipple was exposed.
Less than a day after she released the photo, Facebook unpublished her page and warned it could be deleted, Secor explained on her personal blog.
She later received an apology from the website in which a member of the Community Operations team admitted the page had been accidentally' removed.
She welcomed the changes.
'Seeing breastfeeding is important, as is being able to share those images without fear of scorn or deletion,' she wrote.
.'
A photo resent by multiple users in the "free the nipple" campaign #freethenipple - which has now led to Facebook changing its policies.
Alongside the picture,.'
Francesca Entwistle, a leader of Unicef's the National Infant Feeding Network and Midwifery Lecturer at the University of Hertfordshire, told the Independent: 'It’s good that Facebook have finally responded to the concerns of users who wanted nothing more than to capture shared moments with their babies, and we hope that this new policy helps reduce the stigma around images of breastfeeding,'<<on February 26, 2014 - 12:01 AM
ADVERTISEMENT
INDIANAPOLIS — The three local players who participated in the NFL scouting combine in Lucas Oil Stadium have booked their results.
These are the NFL’s official numbers, with where each mark ranked at his position:
UB linebacker Khalil Mack
• 40-yard dash: 4.65 seconds (tied fourth).
• Bench press: 23 reps (tied 11th).
• Vertical jump: 40 inches (second).
• Broad jump: 128 inches (second).
• Three-cone drill: 7.08 seconds (10th).
• 20-yard shuttle: 4.18 seconds (fifth).
• 60-yard shuttle: NA.
Toledo RB David Fluellen
(Lockport High)
• 40-yard dash: 4.72 seconds (27th).
• Bench press: NA.
• Vertical jump: 36.5 inches (tied 23rd).
• Broad jump: 120 inches (tied 16th).
• Three-cone drill: 6.90 seconds (sixth).
• 20-yard shuttle: NA.
• 60-yard shuttle: NA.
Penn State OL John Urschel
(Canisius High)
• 40-yard dash: 5.31 seconds (26th).
• Bench press: 30 reps (tied eighth).
• Vertical jump: 29.0 inches (tied fifth).
• Broad jump: 102.0 inches (tied 21st).
• Three-cone drill: 7.55 seconds (ninth).
• 20-yard shuttle: 4.47 seconds (tied sixth).
• 60-yard shuttle: NA.
Mack stacks up with elite NFL performers as a physical specimen. That’s no surprise, given his numbers.
Mack weighed in at 251 pounds. Denver’s Von Miller, the second pick in 2011, weighed 246 pounds at the combine. He has proven to be an elite edge-rushing linebacker.
Miller’s numbers: 4.42 in the 40, 37-inch vertical jump, 126-inch broad jump, 6.70 cone, 4.06 20-yard shuttle.
Green Bay’s Clay Matthews was a 240-pound first-rounder in 2009. He ran 4.62 in the 40 and did 35.5 for vertical leap, 121 for broad jump, 6.84 for cone and 4.22 for shuttle..
News Sports Reporter Mark Gaughan contributed to this report. email: tgraham@buffnews.comMerit achievements
ihaveablog has successfully completed the quests listed below, earning merits for use in team competitions.
Achieved by: 25833 users.
Achieved by: 12732 users.
Achieved by: 48973 users.
Achieved by: 292513 users.
Achieved by: 68063 users.
Incomplete:
Achieved by: 15415 users.
Achieved by: 6019 users.
Achieved by: 20047 users.
Achieved by: 41647 users.
Achieved by: 3869 users.
Achieved by: 79990
ihaveablog's profile
Information
Member for:
6 years, 4 months, 11 days, 7 hours, 53 minutes and 37 seconds
Total earnings: $7.16
Prizes redeemed: 2
Referrals: 7
Quests completed: 8
Current merits: 135.0
Demographics
Gender:
Date of Birth: Unknown
State: OH
Advice rating
You cannot rate ihaveablog.
ihaveablog has received 3 votes for assisting new members.
Winnings
Money earned from contests, lottery, team competitions, and other giveaways.
Lottery
Jan 28, 2009
50 points
Sweepstakes
Total tickets: 0
Current sweepstake: 0Can you identify the two Academy Award-winning actors shown above, both of whom star in the just-released sci-fi epic Cloud Atlas? It's Tom Hanks and Halle Berry. Yes—that is Halle friggin' Berry!
In the latest film from Lana and Andy Wachowski (of The Matrix fame) and Tom Tykwer (Run Lola Run), each actor plays various parts in a sweeping saga over eons of time. Which required tons of makeup work, transforming the actors into different sexes, races and ages.
"Actually, it was fun," Hanks assured us at the premiere of the movie, held at Grauman's Chinese Theater in Hollywood. "It takes a really long time…I learned how to sleep with my head up. Because you're coming in to work at 5:45 in the morning and Halle, by the way, had been there since 4:45 in the morning 'cause the chicks need more time."
Here are five things you need to know about Cloud Atlas before you see it!
Especially when they're turning Catwoman herself into a Korean man, as done in one now-controversial segment of the film (again: Yes, that's Halle Berry!). Halle told us about her transformation, "That was awesome. To sit in that chair, go to sleep and wake up and be a man or be a white woman. Doesn't get better than that."
But, as a viewer, you'll be excused if you weren't quite able to identify all the actors in their respective roles. Because some of the stars didn't even know who they were acting with onset!
"Yes! Yes there was!" Hanks laughed when asked if there was any time he was bamboozled by any of his costar's new looks. "There was a small part that Susan [Sarandon] plays and she walked on and I honestly thought, 'Chris Walken and Al Pacino had a baby and it's here now.'"
The reviews are in: Cloud Atlas is requires a lot of concentration!
Tom continued, "She started talking. She said, 'Hey Tom!' and I said, 'Oh my God.' I actually sent a picture back to the family and said, 'Do you know how this is!' and no one could guess who it was."
He wasn't another either. "Sometimes I'd pass Hugh Grant down the hall and have no idea," Keith David, who called the process "absolutely fascinating," confessed before imitating himself, "'That was Hugh?! Get out!'"
Jim Sturgess, who says the makeup had the actors "just laughing at each other most of the time," was also fooled by Berry. "I did an entire scene with Halle Berry and had no idea it was even her...We had to have this sort of interaction and were working for about an hour and then it wasn't until she got up and started talking that I realized it was Halle the whole time that I was working with."2006 Suzuki DR200SE
Summary:
Economical and fun to ride!
Faults:
I have had no problems with this bike.
General Comments:.
I have to say this one is the easiest and one of the most fun to ride. It will do interstate speeds (70 mph), and although it's happier on the back roads (60 mph), it is okay at off roading, although hill climbing is not its strong point. It is not a full out MX'er either; it's a trail bike, and is great at that type riding.
It works very well for around town commuting. I made a luggage rack for it from an old Honda rack I had; nobody seems to make racks for this model, but the flat rear fender worked well for smaller items before I made a rack.
It's easy to work on and with the electric start; it's a breeze to get fired up on cold mornings, the carburetion is very good, it warms quickly, and has no issues when first starting out. The choke knob is located on the carb, and is a little hard to find with gloves on, but once found, is easy to operate. It starts easy when warm also.
It has an internal oil filter, which is easy to change. The air filter is a little harder to get at; you have to remove the side covers and seat, but it is a foam element and easy to clean.
Chain adjusters are the cam type, and a little hard to read, but easy to adjust.
It has a side stand switch that kills the engine if left down and put in gear (a good safety feature for older forgetful people like me).
The five speed gearbox shifts smooth, and has decent ratios. I opted for a smaller rear sprocket than stock, as I ride the street more than trails.
It has a good 55 watt headlight that is bright enough, and has a good range & width to see the road.
It's economical to ride; gets around 70 to 80 mpg, and insurance is cheap.
All the controls, turn signals and horn operate easily with gloves on.
The only bad point I can think of is the 1-hour seat; it's a little hard and narrow. Other than that, it's a great beginner's or play bike for anyone.
Would you buy another motorcycle from this manufacturer? Yes
Review Date: 25th July, 2010
21st Aug 2010, 10:51
UPDATE: I added a slip on muffler from the flying machine factory (FMF), and it made a noticeable improvement in all around performance, and now it sounds like a thumper! (:-)The Sydney Architect & Interior Design Specialist
Let’s face it, choosing the right Sydney Architect or Interior Design specialist can be confusing as there are so many companies in the industry to choose from. Do you go with the best price or do you go for a specialist with guaranteed quality and results?
The big problem is, many companies now offer cheap prices to seduce you in but deliver very little in quality but by the time you learn this it’s too late and your hard earned money is gone.
The good news is here at Pragmatic Designers you deal direct with the owner of the company who has an outstanding record of proven quality results… Plus you deal direct with the owner, not a junior designer or architect.
So who am I and why would you invest in me?
Hi, my name is Pragati and when you choose to invest in me you are not only hiring a Sydney architect or interior design person, you are investing in an award winning specialist who absolutely loves delivering outstanding results that will leave you delighted to show off.
From wonderful results in home renovations, new budget or luxury homes, bathrooms, kitchens, lounge, family and rumpus rooms, home theatre, laundries, garages, carports, landscaping, decks, addition or alterations or just improving the plan or look of your home all the way from concept to council approval.
For a one on one call with me as your Sydney Architect and Interior Design specialist phone +612 99839405 or email me on pragmaticdesigners@gmail.com for a free quote.
It will be my absolute pleasure to come and have a look at your site so I can see and understand more about what you want delivered.
Who Am I and why Should You Invest In Me?
My experience as an architect and interior designer has led me to work in the UK, India and Australia. Having travelled all over the world to such places as Africa, USA, South America, South East Asia etc I’m able to utilise many of the world’s hidden architecture and designs when delivering outstanding results for your project.
My skills are extremely rare and I’ve been described as having a highly intuitive and creative mind that was made to work in Architecture and interior designing as I always pleasantly surprise even the most astute of designers.
My experience has saved my clients ‘thousands’ of dollars and created highly profitable developments. Moreover I’ve had the honour of transferring Architectural, Interior design and Urban Design Skills, Tools, Techniques and Systems to some of most prestigious complexes in the world.
Designers & Clients are Equal Parts of the Design Process
The real meaning is in mutual understanding and tolerance focused on the same purpose: final creative result. Design and art are highly personal things. Moreover, residential/home design is perhaps the most personal endeavour. Your personal touch brings life to your living space; artistís personal touch brings life to design through your personality so investing the right Sydney Architect and Interior Design specialist is a huge step in the right direction.
Ohio Trails
» Hillsboro Trails
Hillsboro, Ohio Trails and Maps
Looking for the best trails around Hillsboro, Ohio? Find the top rated trails in Hillsboro,
78 miles
Hillsboro Biking Trails
4-C Bicentennial Trail
Luther Warren Peace Path
Lowe's Drive Trail
Tri-County Triangle Trail
View All Hillsboro Biking Trails
Hillsboro Running Trails
4-C Bicentennial Trail
Luther Warren Peace Path
Lowe's Drive Trail
Tri-County Triangle Trail
View All Hillsboro Running Trails
Hillsboro Walking Trails
4-C Bicentennial Trail
Luther Warren Peace Path
Lowe's Drive Trail
Tri-County Triangle Trail
View All Hillsboro Walking Trails
Nearby City Trails & Maps
Wilmington Trails & Maps
Chillicothe Trails & Maps
Loveland Trails & Maps
Lebanon Trails & Maps
Xenia Trails & MapsDo you own or manage Dufferin Grove Rink? If so, you can claim this listing and gain instant access to your RinkTime account.
We'll call you at your business to confirm your association.
Phone Number: (416) 392-0913
If this phone number is correct, click the button below.
Otherwise, please contact us here and we'll be happy to help you gain access.Hotels in Bento Goncalves, Brazil - Hotels.com offers great last-minute Bento Goncalves hotels deals and discount room rates. Our hotels in Bento Goncalves can easily be booked online. Our fast online search facility allows you to:
- - Find and compare different hotels in Bento Goncalves by star rating, amenities, theme, or brand
- - Choose the perfect Bento Goncalves hotel and view room rates, hotel details, guest reviews and photos
- - Securely book your hotel room online today!
- - Receive email and text confirmations with reservation details of your online hotel bookingFirst.
2 comments:
I read you at the Reader, and I'll read you here. Just won't be spending as much time at chicagoreader.com as I used to. It probably won't be around much longer, anyway.
Harold-
Thanks for visiting the ChicagoAncestors site.
We've added some new help screens, under the "Help" tab, including sections on "creating an account" and "submitting data."
I hope that makes it clearer!
- Jack Simpson, Newberry LibraryWest Building, Main Floor
- Work of Art
- Daddi, Bernardo painter
- active by 1320, died probably 1348
- Saint Paul and a Group of Worshippers
- 1333
- tempera on panel
- painted surface: 224.8 × 77 cm (88 1/2 × 30 5/16 in.) overall: 233.53 × 88.8 × 5.3 cm (91 15/16 × 34 15/16 × 2 1/16 in.)
- Andrew W. Mellon Collection
- 1937.1.3So in my excitment the other day, i made my first post asking about dress consignment shops in the SWFL area. I had made an appointment with David's Bridal (despite hearing both good and bad reviews about the place) assuming they would have the largest selection, in the most sizes (since im a plus size) and price ranges. My goal was to go in try stuff on, and narrow down style and color, and then shop around for cheaper alternatives as i am on a super tight budget.
Friday came and my consultation was a lot of fun! I took my mother, one of my best friends and my mothers godmother. I tried on about 8 or 9 dresses. All of which pretty much fit me (surprise number one!) i was expecting this to be diffcult time for me. what i didnt expect was that we all fell in love with dress number one. (although i'll admit i wasnt wow'ed with it, till i tried on all the other dresses for comparison.) and needless to say they have a payment plan and walked out of the store with a dress!! The dress fits me like a glove! and the only alteration it needs (unless i loose a lot of weight between now and the wedding is hemming... im a little scared now thinking i should have bought it bigger?) Now i need shoes, and hair accesories. I have a veil... not sure its THE veil but for now i have this one. so now pics!
David's Bridal brand: Strapless Tulle Wedding Gown with Beaded Appliques Style 9V3469
How many of you bought the first dress you tried on? I'm a little nervous that i was impulsive? but i do love it!! how do i keep myself from second guessing myself?
(25) CommentsHi,
I'm looking into options for renting a commercial kitchen (in NYC area). I was wondering, in terms of operating a legal business, if every single aspect of the cake from start to delivery needs to be done within that rented kitchen or can you, for example, make fondant figures at home, do the final decorating at home? I had assumed you would have to do it all within the rented kitchen but I recently read an article about a baker in NY area who bakes everything out of a commercial kitchen but then decorates the cakes out of their home. Anyone have any info on this? I'm just trying to wrap my brain around making a profit when it takes me sometimes 3 hours just to make one really detailed fondant figure (which would be at minimum $75 of kitchen rental time taken up by that one figure). Thanks
not sure but pease send info on the nyc kitchen rental spot im also looking for a kitchen
NY may differ, but in California the health dept requires all components of the cake to be made in the commercial kitchen. If NY is the same then you would need to pass this cost on to the customer, your local health dept should be able to answer this question.
Unless there is some sort of cottage law, I believe everything is supposed to be done in the commercial kitchen.
ReplyLogin To Leave A Reply
Quote by @%username% on %date%
%body%As Good As It Gets?
EXHIBITION : HOUSE AND HOME
About this Item
A news report on the record 93,000 homes built the previous year. According to figures from the Department of Environment this is the 13th consecutive year of growth for the building industry.
- TitleRecord Number of Homes Built
- 1st Broadcast19/01/2007
- ContributorDavid Murphy (Reporter)
- Clip Duration00:01:25
- Material TypeVideo
- Series titleRTÉ News
- Clip titleAs Good As It Gets?
- Extended description."
- Information
A report from RTÉ News on the record number of homes built broadcast 19 January 2007.
- Local keywordsHousing, Construction, Construction Industry Federation, Irish Mortgage Corporation, Geoff Tucker, Hubert Fitzpatrick
- Geographical coverageIreland
- TopicSociety and Social Issues
- Publisher BroadcasterRTÉ
- First broadcast channelRTÉ One
- Production year2007
- Country of productionIRELAND
- Original identifierBN07/01)- Fund Type: Open-End Pension
- Objective: Aggregate Bond Short
- Asset Class: Fixed Income
- Geographic Focus: Japan
Daiwa DC Daiwa Japan Bond Index+ Add to Watchlist
04312031:JP11,777.00 JPY 13.00 0.11%
As of 17:59:30 ET on 05/21/2015.
Snapshot for Daiwa DC Daiwa Japan Bond Index (04312031)
Mutual Fund Chart for 04312031
- 04312031:JP 11,777.00
…
Previous Close
- 1W
- 1M
- YTD
- 1Y
- 3Y
- 5Y
Open: High: Low:Volume:
Recently Viewed Symbols
Save as Watchlist
Saving as watchlist...
Fund Profile & Information for 04312031
Fundamentals for 04312031
Dividends for 04312031
Fees & Expenses for 04312031
Top Fund Holdings for 04312031
Holding Data Unavailable.
Quotes delayed, except where indicated otherwise. Mutual fund NAVs include dividends. All prices in local currency. Time is ET.
Sponsored Link
Recommended Symbols:
Advertisement
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- 5
Related News
Advertisement
Sponsored Links
AdvertisementsThis wasn't intentional, but could be used Foley style to simulate the sound of footsteps walking through the jungle.
Laser Gatling gun's wind up, shot and wind down. Helpful for re-mixing and sending off to video games
This is a recording of eggs being cracked and opened over a pan. It includes eggs cracking and egg yolk ...
Metal container impact firm
slamming car door B
Footsteps walking on the ground
In a busy shopping & cafe street with families, a bus and other traffic passing by. Original recording with no ...
see name and tags
see name and tags
This was originally to be used as part of an ambient introduction to a dark, trance-like, acid house type of ...
A woman gasping and breathing panicked.
Stereotypical drama sounds. THE classic two are Dramatic_1 and Dramatic_2 in this series.
This sample is a collection of sounds to represent a very violent earthquake. My work on this sample is public ...
recordings of various rustling sounds with a stereo Audio Technica 853AFresno State ended Nevada's five-game Mountain West Conference baseball winning streak with a 20-10 victory on Thursday night at Peccole Park.
Nevada (19-16, 11-8) took a 3-1 lead into the fourth inning, but the Bulldogs scored eight times to pull in front, 9-3. Fresno State (19-19, 8-11) pulled away with a six-run sixth and five-run seventh.
The Pack rallied late, scoring four times in the eighth and three in the ninth.
Ryan Teel homered to lead the Pack's 15-hit attack. Trenton Brooks was 3 for 5 with three scores and two RBI.
The two teams return to Peccole for a 6 p.m. game today.
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsThe New York Times has published an odd article about John McCain's story is odd because it skirts around the question whether McCain had an affair or not and whether any such affair would have made him less ethical in his treatment of Ms. Iseman's clients. Why so fluffy a piece?
Josh Marshall has some ideas about.
This particular aspect of politics bores me to sleep. I tried writing about it to see if doing so would make it more interesting, but no. Yes, I understand that the candidates must be vetted and studied and that there is now open season for anyone who wishes to hunt for skeletons in their closets, and yes, I understand why something like this might kneecap McCain fairly effectively in the eyes of certain types of voters. I also can get the intellectual excitement of wondering why the story was allowed to come out now, rather than earlier or later, given that the timing does matter in the amount of damage the McCain campaign incurs.
But the criticism I find most convincing about McCain has to do with the policies he supports, not with whatever skeletons he might be hiding.Description.
Product Details
329613
was removed.
Thank you, you will now be redirected to comparisons.
Just a moment while we prepare the page
Check In-Store AvailabilitySydney Based, trade only accommodation wholesaler.
BookaBed is one of europes largest accommodation wholesalers and we are now in Australia.
Register now by emailing info@bookabed.com.au to access the best rates for accommodation in Australia, USA, Europe and AsiaRegister
Based in Sydney -
No sign up fees -
Nett or Gross Rates -
Trade only -
Thousands of Agencies Worldwide already working with Multi Award Winning BookaBed
The largest wholesale accommodation stock around!
We have the full range of properties in Australia, Thailand, Hawaii, USA and Europe.
Book with the Accommodation Experts..BookaBed.com.au
Huge range of accommodation
Best prices on the market
Focus on quality & customer serviceRespond to Review of Landia
by 33rpm
Review:.
Responses
You must login to post a response
Login | Register (see member benefits)
Login | Register (see member benefits)Bay ~ 2. The curvature scale of the Universe is conservatively constrained to be Radius of curvature greater than 42 Gigaparsecs (99%), corresponding to a lower limit to the number of Hubble spheres in the Universe NU (number of Universe volumes) over 251 (99%).
In cosmology, the Hubble volume, or Hubble sphere, is the region of the Universe surrounding an observer beyond which objects recede from the observer at a rate greater than the speed of light, due to the expansion of the Universe.
The comoving radius of the Hubble sphere is c / H0, where c is the speed of light and H0 is the Hubble constant. More generally, the term "Hubble volume" can be applied to any region of space with a volume of order (c / H0)^3.
The term "Hubble volume" is also frequently (but mistakenly) used as a synonym for the observable universe; the latter is larger than the Hubble volume
N sub U refers to the number of Hubble volumes that make up the total universe.
The amount of curvature is usually characterized by the curvature parameter.
if the curvature parameter is less than 0 then the geometry of spatial sections
is spherical (i.e., the Universe is closed) and the Universe has a finite size.
If instead the curvature parameter is greater than 0 then the geometry is hyperbolic
(i.e., the Universe is open)
while for curvature parameter equal to 0 spatial sections are flat. In both the two latter cases, the spatial extent of the Universe is infinite.
We have applied the formalism of Bayesian model averaging to the problem of constraining the curvature and size of the Universe. By employing the Savage-Dickey density ratio, we have obtained model-averaged constraints at almost no additional computational effort than what is needed for parameter estimation. We have demonstrated how model-averaged constraints on the curvature and minimum size of the Universe can be considerably tighter than non model- averaged ones. This is a consequence of the fact that flat models are preferred by Bayesian model selection, although the strength of such preference is fairly strongly dependent on the choice of prior for the curvature parameter.
We have considered two classes of priors that are based on physical and theoretical considerations. We found that even the most conservative prior choice gives model-averaged constraints on curvature that are a factor of ∼ 2 better than non model-averaged intervals. A more aggressive prior choice (the Astronomer’s prior) leads to an improvement in the constraints on (curvature parameter) by a factor ∼ 100, giving curvature parameter of 6.2 × 10^−4 at 99% [very close to flat universe]. The minimum size of the Universe is robustly constrained to encompass NU greater than 251 Hubble spheres, an improvement of a factor of ~ 40 on previous constraints. Finally, the radius of curvature of spatial section is found to be Radius of curvature greater than 42 Gigaparsecs.
Bayesian model averaging gives the most general parameter constraints, which fully account for the uncertainty in the selection of the correct underlying cosmological model. It remains imperative (like in any good Bayesian analysis) to study the dependency of the results of the chosen priors, which are more important in Bayesian model selection (and model averaging) than they are in the usual parameter inference framework. We believe that the formalism presented here can be employed successfully in a large variety of cosmological problems.
MIT Technology.
If you liked this article, please give it a quick review on ycombinator or StumbleUpon. ThanksHow to Play Bridge Online against each other online, keep abreast of the latest conventions, find out what’s happening in the bridge world, and connect with suitable partners. One can also kibitz (or observe) famous experts because bridge players from novices to experts all enjoy playing online. Here are some tempting options:
Bridge Base.surprising amount of choices. Still, you'd be hard-pressed to find one as gaudy, yet curiously sleek as the Cool G108. Boasting what appears to be an electroluminescent keypad (is that a rotary dial design we see?) and a convenient flip-up screen, this watch / cellphone mishmash also features quad-band GSM / GPRS support, a 1.5-inch (160 x 128) internal display, 1.3-megapixel camera, multimedia player, Bluetooth, 0.5MB (generous, we know) of built-in memory and a MMS expansion slot in case you need more than a single Duran Duran track on your wrist. You'll also find USB connectivity and a smallish external display, and while pricing remains a mystery, there's loads more pics waiting in the read link below.Hi, I’m Tim Cooke, and welcome back to Weekly Fix, where we’ll be analyzing your swings every week here on GolfChannel.com with the goal of helping you play better golf in 2013.
This week, I feel especially privileged to work with Joe and to try to help him with his golf swing.
Unfortunately, in the course of his military service, Joe lost his left arm during a scud missile attack in Desert Storm. But he loves the game and is wants to achieve his goal of breaking 90, and hopefully we can help him get there.
I think it’s a very attainable goal, because as you’ll see in the analysis this week, Joe, whose career-best round is 91, does a lot of great things in his golf swing.
Popular golf instruction tips: Setup | Full Swing | Power | Accuracy
In summary, as it relates to this week’s analysis, the tips I would suggest that everyone can learn from would include the following:
• Not everyday on the golf course is going to be a good one, but if you can develop a swing that has good rhythm and tempo you’ll be better able to manage your game on days when things are just a bit off.
• Being able to move your body effectively in the golf swing is crucial, but in order to do that setting up to the ball with good posture is imperative but unfortunately overlooked all too often.
• We all want to hit the ball solidly and consistently and two great swing thoughts to help us achieve that goal are maintaining a steady head and making a centered turn.
I hope you all enjoyed this week’s edition of Weekly Fix. We’re going to check back in with Joe in a few weeks to see how his game is progressing, but in the meantime keep sending us those videos at WeeklyFix@GolfChannel.com, and we’ll be back with a new edition next week right here at GolfChannel.com.
Take an online lesson with Tim Cooke.
Facebook: Facebook.com/GCSwingFix
Twitter: @GCSwingFix
Golf Channel Academy App: Golf Channel AcademyErzi
Grocer's Assorted Big Box
From.
$147.00
$147.00
Please select your country from the dropdown and we will automatically update your currency and language settings to give you a more localised service.
Hailing from Germany, toy company Erzi boasts a range of toys which embrace the eco-friendly lifestyle. Using only naturally occurring materials, Erzi's wooden toys are crafted from birch which is sourced from managed forests, and they have a non-toxic, water-based finish. Perfect for environmentally friendly children, these high-quality and beautifully detailed toys are entertaining while being kind to mother earth.Book review: "A Spool Of Blue Thread" by Anne Tyler
Louisa Cameron reviews “A Spool Of Blue Thread” by Anne Tyler, an American novel spanning five generations of the Whitshank family (published by Chatto & Windus)
Monday - Friday 7-8pm
Louisa Cameron reviews “A Spool Of Blue Thread” by Anne Tyler, an American novel spanning five generations of the Whitshank family (published by Chatto & Windus)
Sam Tranum and Lois Kapila, editors of a collection of twelve short stories on the themes of love and travel - “Love On The Road 2015” (published by Liberties Press)
Rick O’Shea reviews “Touch” by Claire North, a science fiction novel set in Istanbul about a character called Kepler who survives by inhabiting other people’s bodies (published by Orbit Books)
Róisín Dwyer reviews ‘Holy Cow’ by the actor David Duchovny, the tale of a group of animals running away from a farm to freedom (published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux)
Eithne Shortall reviews “The Laughing Monsters” by Denis Johnson, a tale of espionage, state secrets and treason set in Africa (published by Random House)
Darragh Downes on the 150th anniversary of the publication of “Alice’s Adventures In Wonderland” by Lewis Carroll
SJ Watson talks about his latest novel “Second Life”, a thriller about a woman who takes on her sister's online identity while investigating her murder in Paris (published by Doubleday)
Further details:
Dave Hendrick, co-author of new graphic novel “Granuaile: Queen of Storms” (published by O’Brien Press)
Andrew O’Hagan talks about his latest novel “The Illuminations”, the story of a soldier returning home to care for his grandmother who now has dementia but was a documentary photographer in her youth (published by Faber & Faber)
Mary McGill reviews the classic novel “To Kill A Mockingbird” by Harper Lee
Presenter: Seán Rocks
Tip: You can drag and scroll the programme grid with your mouseApple announced the death of Steve Jobs today, less than eight weeks after the company’s iconic co-founder stepped down as chief executive.
“Steve’s brilliance, passion and energy were the source of countless innovations that enrich and improve all of our lives,” Apple said. “The world is immeasurably better because of Steve.”
Steve Jobs’ declining health was well-known as he battled severe health issues for over a decade, including pancreatic cancer and a liver transplant. Yet Jobs’ death still came as a shock, particularly as the very devices Jobs created not only delivered this breaking news but allowed millions around the world to share their passionate remembrances of this tech innovator.
After hearing of Jobs’ death, I immediately recalled his 2005 commencement address to Stanford graduates where Jobs candidly discussed his pancreatic cancer diagnosis. The ethos that defined Apple and its founder, ‘Think Different‘, even characterized how Jobs reflected on his own mortality — managing to push one’s own thinking on such a universal, yet deeply personal experience.
“Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life’s change agent,” explained Jobs. I hadn’t realized just how often I thought about these remarks until this evening. Great entrepreneurs and business mavericks such as Steve Jobs revolutionize our daily lives, often in the most unexpected ways.
Complete Coverage: Steve Jobs
The full video of Jobs’ commencement remarks is embedded below courtesy of Stanford. After the break follows an excerpt.Montane Ultra Tour 22L Pack
FEATURES of the Montane Ultra Tour 22L Pack
- Constructed from ultra lightweight Raptor Zero fabric in the main body which is tough yet exceptionally lightweight
- Features a superb DWR and formidable tear resistance
- Special ultra lightweight moulded Montane 'Comfortization and ease of use while on the move
- Right and left hip pockets for handy storage of GPS, mobile phone, head torch, energy bar etc.
- Quality nylon webbing used throughout for reliability over the pack's lifetime
- H2O top central tube opening and internal bladder storage sleeve
- Top load easy grab hauling handle
- 360° 'Dusk Till Dawn' head torch reflectivity at lower rear of pack in optimum position
- Activities: Alpine Running / Mountain Marathon / Trail Running / Fast Alpine
SPECIFICATIONS of the Montane Ultra Tour 22L Pack
- Fit: Active mountain
- Weight: 19 oz / 540 g
This product can only be shipped within the United States. Please don't hate us.
custy reviews
for the Montane Ultra Tour 22L Pack
Average Custy Rating:
(based on 1 reviews)
This bag is awesome. I was looking for something to do long day trips during the winter, with the potential to also use it for fast and light overnights in the warmer months, and I found it. This bag is really light and compressible and can definitely be packed inside a larger bag for use on a summit day. The shoulder straps breath great and are made of a stretchy fabric that makes it wicked comfortable to wear, even when you you decided to bring the kitchen sink. (Why'd you do that, that things wicked heavy bro?) Anyway, the roll top closure is definitely a plus, super easy access and loading and if you need a little more space, you can buckle the roll top to itself (this looks similar to what a ultra-sil stuff sack looks like all buckled up) and still use the upper compression straps across the entire back of the bag to stabilize the load. All in all the bag is well thought out and intuitively designed, I definitely would recommend this bag.
$118.95
Ships FREE When will I get it?We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
It is an easy task to access the Kathleen Neil you are seeking with PeopleFinders.com. We have gathered an interesting array of statistics for your people search such as age, recent addresses, and phone numbers. For instance, Kathleen Neil is 60 years of age and was born in [YOB]. The updated address for Kathleen Neil is located in Rohnert Park, CA.
We aim at improving your search for the correct Kathleen Neil Neil in Rohnert Park,leen Neil. When you stumble across the Kathleen Neil you are hunting for, you can then go through all the public records data we have on Kathleen Neil using our secure and excellent DataTsunami™ logic that allows for a convenient and simple process of data collection.Moms (and Dads) You Should Watch this Video April 17, 2012 By Mike 1 Comment But be warned: you might cry. It’s a video about motherhood. The hardest job ever. The best job ever. Watch!
Oops. That link is no longer available. I found one that’s good and in English, too.I think we all are aware of the identity of the innovative individual responsible for developing and posting the highly believable notices around the campus yesterday announcing Lamont's new Electric Vehicle Plug-in program. I was reaching for the phone to call Pat O'Reilly to ask him why he had not told me about this, when I remembered the date...
Last Sunday was the first of this year's Spring Public lectures - well attended as always and a superb lecture by Goran Ekstrom talking about his work on the detection and characterization of landslide events. Thank you Goran.
I suppose that I should have not been surprised by the fact that the announcement of the outcome of a British review panel into the University of East Anglia 'Climate gate' fiasco - the outcome being that there was no distortion of data and nothing challenged the scientific consensus that "global warming is happening and that it is induced by human activity" - was relegated to the bottom of p11 in the NYT earlier this week. I understand why - of course - but still it is disappointing.
Bev has been on vacation all week, so Miriam and I have been struggling to keep up - but seem to have survived. Life will return to normal on Tuesday upon her return from (hopefully sunny) Italy.
Yes - sunshine - at last we have some of it - enjoy the weekend - it should be grand.
MikeBirthday: 01/19
^^ i has nothing just a quote: fear pain and oblivion is what i desire
i love u
Posts per Day: 0.00
Total Posts: 4
You currently have zero playlists!
i trust these people with all my heart
alexis , cassandra, me, patty, and nikki
taylor haha she is gonna hate me for this =P
View All Comments
-gives you a cupcake- We hope to see you soon kitty
-hugs-
Hope you come back soon! I miss you! emotion_kirakiraLike many of you, as a school speech-language pathologist, I left graduate school ready and excited to jump into classrooms. I realized the benefits of reaching my students in their own environment and so I set out to reach them there by “educating” teachers on speech and language. And then… reality hit. With all the added responsibilities, how do I go about adding one more task to my ever-growing list and collaborate with teachers?
Are you like me? Often, school SLPs feel lost when it comes to reaching their students in the classroom. Typically, we fall into one of two camps. Either we feel the need to completely take over the classroom lesson to “teach” the teacher something about language or we become too afraid of looking like a “know-it-all” and so do not offer any suggestions. Neither of these offers a solution. Here are three easy ways to collaborate with teachers that provide a balance between the two:
1. Provide a monthly newsletter. This is one of the easiest ways to stay in touch with teachers. If you have monthly themes, give them an idea of what you’re working on. Provide a “vocabulary word of the month,” a tip on how to serve students in their classrooms, a good resource or website, or even a practice sheet stapled to your newsletter for teachers to provide to students. Teachers will appreciate the time you took to reach out to them and will also gain information on both their students and how we service them.
2. Give a student snapshot to your teachers. This is most beneficial at the start of the school year. Unfortunately, with all of our responsibilities, important information is often not communicated and students’ services often suffer as a result. Relay any accommodations on students’ Individual Education Program (IEP) that the teacher is responsible for providing in the classroom and make sure they understand what each one means. It is also helpful to provide an overview of the goals you are working on with their students. For example, a simple statement such as “During Johnny’s speech and language session, he is working on increasing his vocabulary and reading comprehension,” would give the teacher an idea of what he works on with you.
3. Hop into the classroom during independent reading. Many classrooms now schedule a chunk of time devoted to practicing independent reading and writing skills. My district uses a structure for this called “The Daily 5” created by Gail Boushey and Joan Moser. When I walk into a classroom during Daily 5, I can immediately sit with students and listen to reading, ask questions about what they are reading, teach vocabulary and assess and monitor articulation skills while reading. What does this type of intervention mean for us as SLPs? We can easily monitor and work on skills within the classroom setting all while requiring minimal if any planning time. This type of intervention also sets the tone for easily working with the teacher on their turf without taking over the entire classroom.
I hope this next school year finds you rested and ready to try new ideas. Reaching out to teachers often feels like one more to-do, and can fall to the bottom of our priorities. By making a goal each year of trying just one new idea, it can seem less overwhelming. I guarantee it: by reaching out to our students in their environment, we will be making a huge impact on their lives.
Nicole Allison, MA, CCC-SLP, has a passion for creating materials that benefit the school SLP, especially when it comes to data collection and the Common Core State Standards. She currently works in a public school as the only SLP (yes, that’s right, all 13 grades and loving them) and is the author of the blog Allison’s Speech Peeps (speechpeeps.com). She also serves on The Ohio School Speech Pathology Educational Audiology Coalition as secretary. Her and her husband recently had a baby and are loving parenthood. She can be reached at nrallison@gmail.com.
Latest CommentsHello all, I have been looking at the paper by Vos and Troost (1989) - Ascending and Descending Melodic Intervals: Statistical findings and their perceptual relevance. In the methods they state that selected between 10 ans 20 percent of all indexed beginnings of predominantly instrumental pieces of work by a number of composers. Does anyone know any futher dtail about this work? Also I am puzzled as to how they determined the melodic pattern - reported in the subsection -procedure. When I code complete melodies (from ABC) the distribution looks distincly different from that reported in the article and which is cited frequently in the subsequent literature. Many thanks in advance for any advice. Debbie ____________________________________________________________________________________ Choose the right car based on your needs. Check out Yahoo! Autos new Car Finder tool.Small Format Frontier Photo Prints up to 12×18 From Film or Digital
Return to Small Format Professional Proofs and Prints Page
Or view information on Large Format Printing
Prints are available in Gloss, Semi-Matte, Lustre or Metallic-(gloss only)
Normal Service (Reasonable Quantities) 2 Working Days
1 Day Rush add 50% surcharge
Less than 1 Day Rush ($10.00 Minimum) add 100% surcharge
Normal large quantities 3-4 working days
$5.00 minimum order
Accepted Digital Media
If you are sending digital files from scans, digital cameras or Studio Master Pro image packs. please consider using the following removable media, or feel free to upload your files.
Accepted File Types
Uncorrected Proofs
Color Corrected Prints
Prints from digital file
Files for printing must meet the following criteria:
- Flattened files only
- File names cannot included extend characters such as / \ *?<> etc.
- Layout or drawing files must be rasterized at an additional charge of $12.50 per file.
- Image size must be setup at the correct aspect for the size being ordered size which also needs to match a size listed below.
Standard Photo Prints
Metallic Photo Prints
Prints from Neg or Trans
Process and Proof
Standard Photo Prints from Negative, Slide or Transparencies
Metallic Photo Prints
Retouching
Advanced Image Restoration and Retouching
$80/Hr. Contact us for an estimate
Portrait Retouching Prices
Ashghal launches Shared Services Affairs contact centre for employeesMay 21, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
As part of its continuing efforts to achieve operational efficiency, the Public Works Authority ‘Ashghal’ has launched the shared services contact center to enable employees to access all the services it provides by contacting a sole entity.
The Shared Services Affairs contact centre receives staff calls, responds to employee’s inquiries, meets their requests, and follows up with them. The centre comprises a team of four employees trained to deal with callers inquiries and to meet their requests in accordance with the authority they have which enables them to access staff databases in order to address their demands. The team also processes, registers and classifies each request with a sequential number, in special databases and follows up on those requests until they are processed.
The services provided by the Shared Services Affairs contact centre include receiving requests and inquiries related to the human resources department, namely services related to salaries, leaves, and all kinds of allowances, as well as exit procedures, training courses, official duties, and other HR services. The call center also handles all the IT requests and inquiries such as hardware requests, requests to extend and repair networks, as well as requests to activate the applications adopted in Ashghal, in addition to other IT services.
With regards to the services provided by the Financial Affairs Department, personnel from the contact centre receive calls regarding governmental housing, furniture allowance expense, financial approvals, payment requests, etc. Furthermore, the call center receives calls regarding office furniture orders, access and exit cards, vehicles parking, guests housing, and all the services provided by the General Services Department.
The purpose of the shared services contact centre is to save the employees’ time and effort and to provide immediate response to all their inquiries and follow up on their request to ensure it is managed as swiftly as possible. Since the launching shared services contact centre, it has been taking around 1150 and 1300 staff requests and inquiries per month.
HMC advises patients with Type 1 diabetes to not fast during RamadanMay 20, 2015 | JustHere Qatar 1
Hamad General Hospital (HGH) and Al Wakra Hospital (AWH) – members of Hamad Medical Corporation (HMC) – recently launched a series of lectures aimed at raising public awareness of diabetes mellitus and specifically safe fasting during the holy month of Ramadan.
Dr. Ibrahim Al Tereky, Senior Consultant Endocrinology/Diabetes and Head of the National Diabetes Center at AWH, advised individuals with type 1 diabetes, especially those with cardiac and kidney conditions, as well as pregnant women with diabetes, to not fast. He explained that this category of patients is at high risk of developing severe complications if they fast.
He said type 2 diabetics can fast while taking some special precautions, such as consulting their physicians before the start of Ramadan to learn how to maintain healthy blood sugar levels and to review their medication regimen, including doses and their medication schedule. “It is recommended for any type 2 diabetic who wishes to fast to delay Suhoor (the pre-dawn meal) until the last possible time and to consume plenty of water between Iftar (breaking fast at sunset) and Suhoor to avoid dehydration,” he suggested.
Al Tereky also stressed the importance of monitoring blood glucose levels regularly during the fast by making several blood checks a day, especially in the first days of Ramadan. He advised patients to avoid sleeping during the last hours before Iftar. Al Tereky warned patients against doing physical exercises during fasting hours and suggested delaying exercises until night time in order to avoid hypoglycemia (lowering of blood glucose levels).
Over 700 e-services to be launched by year-endMay 20, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
At the Qatar Digital Government Forum held recently, an official has revealed that about 711 e-Services would be launched by end of 2015, while 1000 new services would be implemented by 2016-end.
According to a report in The Peninsula, the e-Services are part of the Qatar Digital Government 2020 Strategy that was launched last year. The strategy aims to “realise transparency and increase administrative efficiency”, while providing e-Services across the public and private sectors. Currently, about 265 e-Services are being offered to residents and organisations by various government entities. These include: Customs Clearance Single Window (Al Nadeeb), Metrash 2, and mobile services provided by the Ministry of Municipality and Urban Planning.
CMC: Call to build more affordable high-rise apartments in QatarMay 20, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
With a growing demand for affordable housing units, CMC members have urged the Ministry of Municipality and Urban Planning (MMUP) to revoke the ban on high-rise apartments in the country.
According to a report in Gulf Times, most residential areas are not permitted to have high-rises due to the lack of infrastructural facilities. However, CMC members feel that since the prices of land have peaked over the years, it would be profitable to utilise the land to build a high-rise building rather than a two-storey residential villa.
Moreover, high-rise residential apartment buildings would also help eliminate the practice of illegally partitioned villas, which are preferred by middle-income expats due to their lower rents.
CMC members have called for strict measures to ban expatriate families from partitioning their independent residential units in an effort to reduce the pressure on public utilities such as water, electricity and parking spaces. Also, most partitions are made from gypsum or wood that are quite susceptible to fires.
[Photo courtesy: Jan Smith via Flickr]
Ashghal: Lagoona 2 Roundabout to change to signal-controlled intersectionMay 19, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
The Public Works Authority ‘Ashghal’ has announced that the Lagoona 2 Roundabout will be converted into a signal-controlled intersection to improve traffic safety on the Lusail Road.
The new intersection also includes traffic sensors to detect the vehicle patterns that vary throughout the day and help determine the timing of lights. This will facilitate the implementation of works on the Lusail Expressway Project in such a way that minimizes the effect on traffic.
Meanwhile, the Lagoona 3 Roundabout leading to the Zig Zag towers has been closed in order to build another roundabout to control the incoming traffic heading toward the Zig Zag Towers and Lagoona Mall. Vehicles coming from the direction of the mall and the Zig Zag towers and wanting to access the Pearl-Qatar will need to drive to Lagoona 1 Roundabout, also known as Diplomatic Roundabout, make a U-turn and head back in the direction of the Pearl.
The Lusail Expressway project is part of Qatar’s Expressway Programme which involves reconstruction and upgrading of the existing Lusail Street from south of Al Wahda Street (Arch Roundabout) to the North Canal Crossing and connecting the Lusail area with West Bay.
Qatar Science & Technology Park boosts ties with Korean technology and innovation hubsMay 19, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
Qatar Science & Technology Park (QSTP), part of Qatar Foundation Research and Development (QF R&D), today signed two Memoranda of Understanding (MOUs) with key national technology development and promotion organisations in South Korea: the Korea Institute for Advancement of Technology … 
British Embassy offers travel advice for nationals through ‘Know Before You Go’ campaignMay 19, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
With the summer holidays on its way, the British Embassy has launched the ‘Know Before You Go’ Campaign (‘KBYG’) to help British nationals in Qatar be better prepared for their travel.
According to a press statement, the main aim of the campaign is to help reduce preventable consular cases. From hospitalisations to arrests and lost passports, the issues are varied, but the common thread is often a lack of preparation. the full details of the campaign can be viewed here..”
[Photo Courtesy: British Embassy, Qatar Facebook Page]
HMC: 70% of Qatari patients seeking treatment for obesity are womenMay 19, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
More than 2000 patients have undergone weight loss surgery at Hamad Medical Corporation (HMC) since 2011, it was revealed at the inaugural Qatar International Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery Summit (QIMBSS) held in Doha recently.
Dr. Moataz Bashah, HMC’s Director of Metabolic and Bariatric Surgery and Director of the Summit highlighted that more than 30% of the Qatari population are obese largely due to unhealthy eating habits and a sedentary lifestyle. This has led to an increased number of people turning to bariatric surgery as a solution.
Commenting on the demographics associated with bariatric surgery in Qatar, Dr Bashah noted that about 70% of Qatari patients seeking treatment for obesity at HMC are women. Diabetic patients also often seek bariatric surgery to help with obesity with 60-70% of diabetic patients treated at HMC.
Bariatric surgery is a treatment used to help patients with extreme obesity to lose weight. It involves operating on the stomach and/or intestines and is an option for people who are unable to lose weight by other means, such as diet and exercise, or have serious obesity-related health problems such as diabetes and cardiovascular disease.
Patients who have undergone bariatic surgery at an early stage of their diabetes can generally expect better outcomes, but the long-term success of the treatment largely depends on the patient’s commitment to the prescribed post-operative diet and exercise regimen.
Revision surgery, particularly if done more than once, can result in complications.
“Unfortunately, there are some patients who fail to comply with this regimen and end up regaining weight and coming back for revision surgery after two to three years,” said Dr. Bashah. He commented that revision surgery, particularly if done more than once, can result in complications. He also warned against undergoing bariatric surgery abroad, highlighting that there have been a significant number of complications sustained by patients following overseas procedures due to poor clinical follow-up after their surgeries.
Speaking about bariatric surgery techniques used to help treat obesity at HMC, Dr. Bashah stated that HMC is the first healthcare provider in the Middle East to use the minimally invasive Apollo Endosurgery technique which uses bodily orifices such as the mouth to operate on targeted areas.
HMC’s Pediatrics’ Department initiates support group for children with diabetesMay 18, 2015 | JustHere Qatar 1
Hamad General Hospital’s (HGH) Pediatrics Department has created a support group that aims to improve quality of life for children living with diabetes who receive insulin pump therapy.
Dr. Fawziya Al Khalaf, Head of Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes at HMC’s Pediatrics Department said: “We initiated the support group in January 2015 as part of efforts to motivate patients with poorly controlled type 1 diabetes towards better control and compliance with their treatment regimen. Type 1 diabetes is the most common type of childhood diabetes, comprising around 1,000 patients being provided care at HGH’s Pediatric Endocrinology and Diabetes Unit,” Dr. Al Khalaf explained.
The support group provides counselling to patients with poorly controlled diabetes who experience difficulties in adhering to their care plan and who may have social problems at home and in the community.
This is done through one-on-one and group sessions. One-on-one sessions are held at least once a week to cultivate a friendlier and warm environment between patients and their families in each similar age group. Group sessions are held once every two months.
Dr. Al Khalaf noted that the core support team includes motivated patients who are successfully managing their diabetes, as well as their family members, and that they have been selected because of their skills in teaching and sharing information.
The support group will have an educational session at the end of this month in Hamad bin Khalifa Medical City’s Bayt Al Dhiyafah (formerly known as the Club Hotel).
[Photo courtesy: Melissa Wiese via Flickr]
Report: Qatar’s food consumption to grow at 5.5% in the next five years; highest in the GCCMay 18, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
Fuelled by a rising population, Qatar’s food consumption is estimated to grow at an annual rate of 5.5% during 2014-2019 – the highest in the GCC, according to Alpen Capital’s GCC Food Industry report. The average food consumption in the GCC is expected to grow at 3.5% in the same duration.
The country’s high consumption rate has been attributed to several factors including its rapidly rising population, along with an increasing demand for processed and Western foods. High obesity rates are also leading to an increased consumption of food in the fruits (5.9%) and meat (5.6%) categories.
In 2014, Qatar’s food retail sales were estimated to be at US$ 11.0 billion, representing a 13.1% y-o-y increase and constituting 46.4% of its total retail sales. Despite the high food consumption rates, Qatar’s food production is fairly low. Given the lack of cultivable lands and harsh climate conditions, the economy is heavily dependent on food imports. Qatar’s food self sufficiency was reported to be at 9.6% in 2012, the lowest compared to other GCC nations.
The full report can be read here.
[Photo courtesy: Michael Stern via Flickr]
SEC to introduce tracking system for Karwa school buses in QatarMay 18, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
While stepping up its safety measures, the Supreme Education Council (SEC) said it will soon connect all Karwa school buses to satellites through GPS.
With this move, parents would be able to track the buses that their children using their mobile phones as well as communicate with the bus drivers directly, the Gulf Times has reported.
Though schools in Qatar are taking up measures to maximise safety of students in the bus, not many live up to the mark. In an earlier JustHere article, several parents expressed their concerns over safety in school buses. Some of the issues raised were lack of seatbelts, absence of bus attendants to monitor kids and poor air-conditioning.
How would you rate your child’s school bus service?
Vodafone celebrates World Telecom Day with launch of Smart first 6May 17, 2015 | JustHere Qatar
To celebrate World Telecom Day which falls annually on the 17th of May, Vodafone launched the Vodafone Smart first 6, the most affordable Android 4” smartphone.
Vodafone Smart first 6 is a pocket-perfect handset with a full Android experience that will further lower the cost for customers to enjoy the benefits of using Vodafone’s fast and reliable data network, particularly when combined with Vodafone’s low-cost data plans. Launching at a special price of QR229 only, Vodafone Smart first 6 will be available at all Vodafone retail stores and eShop via:
Features
- Simple to navigate Android 4.4 Kitkat operating system with access to thousands of mobile applications through the Play store.
- 4.0 inch touchscreen
- 1400 milliampere hour in-built battery means up to 7 hours of talk time or up to 15 days on standby before a recharge is needed.
- Dropbox, the world’s leading file sync and share service, is preloaded onto the Smart first 6 and adds extra storage to the build in 4 Gigabytes’ (GB) memory (1.9 GB available for customer data storage).
Additionally, Vodafone launched a social media competition to mark this annual occasion through which the company will give away five Vodafone Smart first 6’s on Facebook. Users will need to share the post for the chance to win with Vodafone announcing one winner each day on its Facebook page.
Meet and Communicate with Fun Singles Near You on JDate
Register now to search thousands of members and post your FREE profile!
See who's on JDate:
Very optimistic :) Love friends :) love reality tv :) love food :) friendships welcome :) hello :)
PrincessLeia is a 45yr-old single woman in Adell, WisconsinView Profile
Looking for a loyal companion that is well traveled, well read, generous, energetic and independent? If you love most types of music (...
koltov0D8B is a 66yr-old single woman in Bayside, WisconsinView Profile
I am a good friend ,love people. I work out 3 times a week in YMCA :step,pilates, walking every day 40-60 min But i am really people pe...
moldavia94 is a 63yr-old single woman in Lake Geneva, WisconsinView Profile
_4<<
I am loyal, responsible, active, responsible, loving, caring, sharing, kindhearted,warm, accomodating,sexy,compassionate,tolerant,laid ...
115666035 is a 37yr-old single woman in Milwaukee, WisconsinView Profile
andyE79F is a 53yr-old single man in Milwaukee, WisconsinView ProfileUS auto giant Ford showed off its new Mustang at Asia's biggest tech fair Tuesday, billing it as "the smartest Mustang to date", with voice controls and early warning collision systems.
Due to go on sale in Asia-Pacific in 2015, the slick sports car can connect to drivers' mobile apps using a platform which, optimising.
Explore further:
Smart lifestyle takes centre stage at Asia tech show
AndaHome » Appliances » Home Appliances » Air Cleaning, Cooling & Heating » Fans » PX405U
Holmes High Velocity Floor Fan - 508mm Diameter - 3 Speed - Adjustable Tilt Head...
Oops! It appears we are out of stock or no longer selling this product.
Model: PX405U
Search Beach Audio for similar products
Description
This three-speed base fan can provide your rooms with 35% more air circulation than a traditional 20 high-velocity fan. It also features a head that pivots back 90 so you can create a larger area of circulation. For durability the fan features a high-impact polymer housing with a steel impact cage to protect fan and motor. This fan comes with a GE motor to ensure quality and dependability. Fan Head Size: 20 in; Fan Type: Base; Width: 28 1/2 in; Color(s): Gray.
This product was added to our catalog on Friday, September 14, 2012.
Code:40-px405u
Travelodge made the announcement today saying the decision to reinstate Hearn had been made by the Board after a successful injection of capital into the business which claims to be the first budget hotel brand to launch in the UK when it was founded in 1985.
Hearn will now return to the role he held from 2003 and 2010 on a permanent basis and as a result Parsons will now leave the business on Friday 20 April.
Two captains
"During recent discussions regarding our financial restructuring, the Board has expressed their wish for me to lead the business once again. Clearly, as recently has been said, there cannot be two captains running a ship and as a result Guy has decided to leave the company," Hearn said.
"I would like to thank Guy for the great contribution he has made over the last eight years at Travelodge. Guy has been an architect of our successful growth strategy and a true innovator. He will leave behind a business which has very strong plans for improvement and growth," he added.
Keith Hamill was chairman of the board during Hearn's previous tenure as chief executive and as a result of this change will now resume this role from his current position as deputy chairman.
Guy Parsons
In May 2010 Parsons was originally named as Hearn's successor at the company , which operates over 500 hotels across the UK, Ireland and Spain.
Speaking after the announcement, Parsons said it was the right time to step down. "I have been privileged to be the company’s chief executive for the last two years and I am proud of all that we have achieved in that time. I would like to thank the management and staff of Travelodge for their support and I wish the business well for the future," he said.
Travelodge plans to grow its estate to 1,100 hotels by 2025 and is opening 41 hotels this year. It currently claims to be the largest hotelier in London and recently opened its 500th hotel at London Stratford, near to the new Olympic stadium.In the last 12 months I have published 858 posts on Rock n Roll Bride…that’s a lot of weddings, a lot of photo shoots and a lot of personal rambles! As is customary at this time of year, I wanted to take the time reflect on the past 365 days by sharing some of my all time favourite blog posts. So here’s part 1, January to June. Be sure to stop by tomorrow for part 2!
January
How to…Plan a Wedding in No Time at all
At the beginning of the year I launched my ‘How to…’ series, where I aimed to impart some of my (ahem) wedding and blogging wisdom where I could. In this first installment I wanted to help a reader plan her wedding as in just a few months.
One of my favourite weddings of the year belonged to Rebecca & John, who had a quintessentially British wedding with lots of fabulous quirky twists, Rebecca enjoyed planning her wedding so much that she set up her own vintage wedding styling company, aptly named A Most Curious Party, soon after.
Fairy Lights, Scrabble & English Heritage
Ella & Sam’s London wedding was one of enviable vintage glamour and sophistication. It was an honour sharing such gorgeousness on these pages.
Rock n Roll Bride ♥ Vintage Boudoir
My first photo shoot of the year was with photographic legend Julia Boggio. Not only was this shoot super fun (even braving the snow to get there and back!) but doing it put me in touch with some fabulous industry peeps that I’ve worked with since…and have plans to work with again very soon! Watch this space… (pictured above)
How to…Deal with Uncooperative Relatives
Planning a wedding can be stressful at the best of times, but what should you do if your relatives disapprove of your wedding choices? I tried to help Allison out with just this dilemma.
February
I loved Matt & Danielle’s wedding so much that I blogged it in two parts. Their tattoos and their awesome style really did make for one of my most memorable weddings of the year. (pictured above)
Latex, Tattoos, Piercings & Fancy Dress Make a FABULOUS UK Wedding!
Ever seen a bride wearing a latex wedding dress? Well I have and it was utterly fabulous!
Simone’s incredible Monique Lhuillier dress and Christian Louboutin shoes gave me some serious bride-style envy.
I wanted to share some love for Valentine’s day with some personal pictures.
Samuel & Jessica’s Midsummer Night’s Dream wedding not only graced the pages of Rock n Roll Bride, but was featured on a WEtv reality show called “Girl Meets Dress.” Their emotionally charged ceremony made my heart melt.
March
Edward Scissorhands ‘Winter in Summer’ Wedding
Karri & Ian’s glam goth Scissorhand’s inspired wedding certainly made an impact, and their ‘winter in summer’ theme was totally dramatic and gorgeous!
Sarah & Kevin didn’t have a huge budget, so chose to get married in front of a few close friends in one of their back garden’s, followed by a casual picnic reception.
Classic Vintage with a Twist of Awesome
Elodie & Greg’s Australian wedding was everything I adore in weddings – close, personal, quirky and beautiful. This rockstar couple really knew how to wed in style. (pictured above)
Rock n Roll Bride in the Daily Express!
One of my proudest moments of the year! My first big newspaper feature. To say I was a little bit excited to get the call about this is an understatement of epic proportions!
I Love Rock n Roll (Bride) – The Movie!
Richard from FX Films asked if he could make a little film about me. Now, while my day to day life is anything but glamorous (does spending 18 hours in front of a computer sound glam to you!?) I was more than excited to be involved…and to introduce him to Henry & Rachel of course!
April
Pastel Pink Vintage Oscar de la Renta
Francisca & Juan Pablo’s Chilean wedding was all about the party…and I seriously adored Francisca’s vintage pink Oscar de la Renta number! (pictured above)
A Little Bit of Rock n Roll Magic
When photographer David McNeil told me one of his brides was in love with Magpie Vintage jewellery but didn’t have the budget to splash out on any herself, I was more than happy to wave my magic Rock n Roll wand and help her out. Huge thanks to Lisa & Tania of Magpie Vintage for lending out some of their beautiful gems to this deserving bride.
Mick Jagger, Glastonbury & English Fish ‘n Chips
Having such a small and intimate wedding (15 guests in total!) didn’t stop Fox & Cassie from oozing all things Rock n Roll.
I had some serious palpitations over Heidi & Rick’s perfectly styled, witty and gorgeous 1950’s inspired engagement shoot.
Procedure: Molecular Fusion
The wedding of blogger and artist Zoetica Ebb was never going to be anything but awesome. The bride had blue hair and wore a dress by All Saints, the party was in their living room and the whole thing cost under $2000. J’adore!
May
Ooh La La Oscar De La Renta!
More Oscar de la Renta for me to swoon over. This time it was Sian & Dave’s London Zoo wedding that showcased the wedding dress beauty.
Working 5 – 9 ~ Rock n Roll Bride is Published in an actual Real Life Book!
More ridiculous press for me to get over-excited about. This time, I was featured in an actual book (which you can actually buy in an actual bookshop) Working 5-9 : How to start your own business in your spare time profiles a number of people, working from home and in their spare time to run their own businesses. I was seriously honoured to be included. You can get your mitts on a copy in all reputable bookshops in the UK, or you can order a copy online, right here.
Three Dresses & The Wedding of the Century {part 1} & {part 2}
Kestrin & Jonathan’s – 300 guest – 2 day – 3 wedding dress – wedding was nothing short of epic.
My punk rock, Camden photo shoot with the amazing Emma Case really was the most fun ever! This was the first shoot I organised myself (dress, hair, make up, props etc) and I have so say after this one I was hooked! (pictured above)
How to… Not become a Blogging Pushover
Wow. This post caused a bit of controversy to say the least. I still stand by everything I wrote in here and I hope my thoughts helped some people to realise the hard stuff about blogging! (Just check out the fiery comments if you don’t believe me!)
June
Victorian Sci Fi & Steampunk Love
The most epic cake you’ve ever seen. Fact. (pictured above)
How to…Get your Wedding Featured on a Blog
Another popular post in the ‘How to…’ series. Some top tips to get your feature request noticed!
A Sunday Kind of Love – Jasmine Star & Being Free to Succeed
What can I say about Jasmine Star that I haven’t already? I seriously adore this girl. Here’s where my virtual love affair with her began.
“You and Me are Awesome” – A Kick Ass Independent Elopement
One of the most popular elopement stories I’ve published to date. Matt & Brandy ran off to San Francisco to do their wedding their way!
How to…Know When it’s Right to Take on Blog Sponsors
After blogging for more than 3 years, I’ve seen a lot of newbie bloggers hit the scene…and leave in quick succession. The job is not an easy one or a simply ‘get rich quick’ scheme. To run a successful blog you need passion, individual thoughts and ideas and a strong personal voice. I wanted to address the often controversial subject of paying for advertising on a blog.
♥ ♥ ♥
Wow. What a crazy 6 months that was! Don’t forget to pop back same time tomorrow for more… And if that’s not enough, why not get your beady eyes around my 2009 review posts here and here.
Looking at this just reminds me how damn lucky I feel to work in the wonderful world of weddings. It’s so exciting to be in an industry that has such creativity and passion!
Kat so glad to read that John and Rebecca was one of your faves of 2010 ..
like the person above has said ‘ how damn lucky I feel to work in the wonderful world of weddings ‘
I feel a blog coming on at my place.
I can’t wait to see what 2011 will bring you after such a fabulous 2010!
Great read… I havent been following for very long (only since I got engaged a few months ago) and so seeing these posts has given me some great ideas for my own wedding….
Just wanted to share, because I have not told anyone yet (and I am busting at the seams)… that we have picked a date! Woooooooooooooooooo.
Thankyou for bringing me inspiration for my own special day x
Ooh, I made it into your Best Of! Thank you so much for all of your support this year, Kat. You’ve certainly made it a memorable one and provided endless hours of inspiration for us photographers and brides too. Rock N Roll Love to you. x
pleasure!
huge congrats mamabones! i look forward to seeing what your wedding with be like!
love it, and love your blog! wishing you the best in 2011!
Thankyou Kat!!
Will definitly be shooting some photos your way… I noticed you have featured some Aussie weddings here before – gives me hope that we might just make the cut
Oooo..just wondering why I was getting so many hits to my website this week – of course, it’s down to you! Wow, I am seriously honoured to in your top favourite weddings, I always salivate over the weddings you show and wish I could do it again as I am envious of all the new amazing ideas everyone has so it’s nice to know we’re still up there
Thank you for all the support you’ve shown A Most Curious Party over the past year Kat and hope to meet you again soon.
Becky (oh yeah and the groom John!)
xxx
Love it and love the main image on your blog and the cake pic is jsut fanstastic, I’ll be back for more reading, you are doing great on your blog!
haha becky how cool! i hope to get to see you again soon – maybe at my next party?
Excellent round up, now I just need to get a cuppa and stretch my legs before my dose of July-Dec… Took me about an hour to read the Blogging Pushover one but worth it ; ) Keep up the good work and thanks so much for the inspiration and advice! xCPU with intergrated HD7000 series graphics. Prices from £290.68.
Premium to high performance processors. Prices from £363.46.
Entry level to premium performance processors. Prices from £308.58.
Mid to high performance processors core i5/i7. Prices from £400.27.
Highest performance processors Core i7. Prices from £964.71.
Buy a custom PC or use our build a PC section and receive Free Delivery to the UK mainland. Additional costs to EU countries. Saturday, Sunday, before 12pm and before 10am options available.
If you choose an Operating System it will be the only software installed on your PC, Windows 8 comes as standard. Installation disc delivered with all PC builds purchased with an OS.
3 Year free warranty on all computers including overclocked gaming PCs, 2 month return to base, 1st year parts and 2nd and 3rd year labour. Terms apply. Warranty upgrade options available on all builds.Do you like to hang out with local like-minded people? Want a chance to get to know FANs in smaller groups? Or do you just get hungry on Sunday mornings? JOIN US at Mel's Diner for what we call our "Blasphemy Breakfast", not that we blaspheme that much, but atheist-related topics are known to come up at times.
This is a great event to start with, if you haven't been to SacFAN Meetup events before. Also a great group of people to answer any atheist questions you might have, help you learn more about all the freethinking goings-on in the region, or help you any way we can. It's always a breath of fresh air to have brunch with like-minded friends. And we'll surely be friends once we've met you.
I recommend their malts, omelets, biscuits n gravy, and grilled cheese. It's all good. And everyone's friendly here.
Similar Blasphemy Brunches are held in other areas around Sacramento. Check the SacFAN calendar for their details. Also, you can subscribe to Sacramento Reason, the free, online monthly newsletter, at, to see more details and.‹ Back to Killian surname
Daughter of John Killian and Lydia Killian
Wife of Elijah Newman and Joseph Armstead Hood
Mother of John Killian Newman; Lavinnia Dane Gant; Solomon Alonzo Newman; Letha Hunter; Lydia Newman and 5 others; Almira Newman; George Newman; Sarah Ellen Hood; Nancy Jane Hood and Mary Ann Hood « less
Sister of Nancy Killian; Franklin Killian and Almira Josephine Killian
Half sister of Harriett Emma KillianNew property portal to help Londoners become homeowners
The Mayor has launched a new property portal making it easier for Londoners with modest incomes to buy or rent at a price they can afford.
The First Steps tool is part of the Mayor’s Housing Covenant, a commitment to increase accessibility and supply of low cost housing to buy or rent in London.
The portal is hosted in partnership with Sharetobuy.com to provide a direct link between first time buyers and affordable home ownership schemes developed through the Mayor’s First Steps programme.
Similar to sites like Zoopla and RightMove, it is the only site to advertise every property available on either a part buy/part rent or reduced market rent basis in the capital.Tags: MyBlogLog, Metablogging, Widgets, Blogroll, Communities, Knowledge Management, KM, Collaboration, Remote Collaboration, Social Networking, Social Computing, Social Software, Web 2.0, Web Presence, Knowledge Discovery, Expertise Location
If you have been visiting this weblog’s homepage over the last couple of weeks, you would have probably noticed how I have been trying out a new widget that, over time, I have grown to become very fond of. More than anything else because a whole bunch of the folks I follow on a regular basis have actually been trying it out themselves and with some very positive feedback so far. So I had to tried it out myself and see how it would go and so far I am *loving* it. It is called MyBlogLog and you would be able to find some further reviews over here.
There are many reasons why you would want to check MyBlogLog, specially if you have got a weblog or a web site of your own. Perhaps all of those different reviews out there would be able to give you some clues as to why it would be worth while. However, I am going to take a different approach for this weblog post. Instead of detailing some of the different features I am just going to mention the Top 5 reasons that attracted me to try it out and why I have included it in my weblog’s template so that you can check it out as well and participate from it.
To get things started, MyBlogLog is just a basic offering that allows to keep track of the folks who get to visit your weblog on a regular basis so that you can build up a community around them and get to know them a bit better. As simple as that. Now, let’s get down to the Top 5 reasons why I feel it is worth while a try:
1. Keep track of your readership: Yes, that is right. You would be able.
2. Web presence (Importance of a picture): This is one of my favourite reasons why I like this particular offering. With MyBlogLog I have got the opportunity to "sense who is out there" reading about my thoughts and be able to connect to them through their picture, avatar or whatever image they would want to make use of. It is undeniable how powerful a picture of someone out there on the Internet can be, and if that someone is one of your readers, then it surely makes it worth while all the way! Why? Mainly, because next time we may bump into each other in real life we may be able to recognise each other!
3. Connect webloggers and … their weblogs: I am not sure if you folks have been able to check this out, specially those of you who may have been using it already for a while, but one of the reasons why I really like MyBlogLog is the fact that it allows me to find other webloggers, and their weblogs, who may share my same interests. In fact, ever since I put it together I have been able to add to my blogroll a number of different webloggers that I am sure I would not have known in any other way. Just for this reason, it rocks!
4. Interact with webloggers: And with their weblogs, of course! That is right. One of the other interesting capabilities from MyBlogLog is that one that allows you to exchange both private and public messages with the members of your network / community on whatever the topics and you then are able to build further on those relationships beyond the weblogs themselves. As an icebreaker, ideal! And not only with those folks who come to visit your weblog, but the people who keep visiting the weblogs of those who you get visits from. And the community keeps getting bigger and bigger and much more meaningful because you actually end up creating different complex connections that allow you to establish a much better ground for collaboration and knowledge sharing with those who share your same passions.
5. Find other communities and members: And, finally, one of my other favourite reasons. Even if you weblog does not have much readership just yet you can still use MyBlogLog to build up further on it. How? Well, just searching through the Communities and Members options you would be able to locate other communities related to your favourite topics, or you could also try to look for members who you feel may be there from other. So with a little effort you can build up and arm yourself with a good set of connections to get things going and the most interesting part of it is that once you get started with that it will only be building up further. Like the snowball effect type of thing. Yes, only a little work on a weekly basis, for instance, and you are off to a great start!
As you can see, lots of great stuff coming out from MyBlogLog. I know there are plenty more nice goodies coming along with this offering but these five are the ones that have certainly convinced me to give it a try in this weblog and see how things go. So far I have been getting lots of positive feedback from folks I knew were there but that, thanks to this offering, I have now got a much better chance of connecting with them. Through my weblog. Very impressive! Of course, I am certainly going to keep track of further developments but so far I am quite delighted with it. So what do you think? What is the main reason for you that would make you use such a fine offering as MyBlogLog?
Hey! Thanks for keep an eye on our blog. Yours rocks!
Hi TonNet! Thanks a lot for the feedback comments and welcome to elsua! Appreciated the kind comments and the follow up of this weblog post. Thanks for that! And keep up the great piece of work you guys are doing!
You are right, many people have commented about MyBlogLog. What can you tell us about how _you_ are actually using the information that it provides you about the community? Does it give you a summary of who has visited over a time period? Does it provide a means for the people in the community to connect with one another?
I totally agree with you about the first reason.
Before the widget I though my blog was never visited — Even knowing I’m a littlebit occupied to post every time.
My meter was the comments and since I’ve never saw a comment there, I thought I don’t received any kind of visit.
After MyBlogLog I started to see who was visiting my blog.
And more than that, I started to see and check what is the preferences of my visitors.
Besides that, congratulations for your blog, very informative. I’ve added it to my netvibes/del.icio.us.
Thanks as well for the link – awesome.
How’s the MyBlogLog think working out for you? I have to say I’ve removed it from some of the links and my style sheet doesn’t really show the wee icon of to it’s best (underlined isn’t what I’m after) but apart from that I like it. Mind you that’s “me” and not the “readers”.
So, comments anyone – do you find it good useful, a pain … what?110716 EDCMD: Command Line Editor and Command Line Recall Version: January 1984 Submitted by: Robert Iden, B.F. Goodrich R & D Center, Brecksville, OH Operating System: RSX-11M V4.0 Source Language: FORTRAN IV, MACRO-11 Memory Required: 5.8KW Keywords: Editors, Tools - Applications Development Abstract: EDCMD allows you to edit the current command line and to recall up to ten previous command lines. In addition, each of the 10 numeric keypad keys may be defined as a separate command which may be recalled and used at anytime. EDCMD has been tested under RSX-11M V4.1. It probably will run under RSX-11-M-PLUS, but unless changed, command lines are limited to 80 characters. It is written for either FORTRAN IV or FORTRAN 77, and has been tested with both. The program is basically simple and changes can be readily made. Restrictions: Requires parent/offspring tasking. Media (Service Charge Code): One RX01 Diskette (KA) Format: RT-11, 600' Magnetic Tape (MA) Format: DOS-11Whether you're visiting the Castello di Amorosa winery in Calistoga, or any of the other 350 brick-and-mortar wineries and 200 tasting rooms in the Napa Valley, lunch is always a good idea.
The choices are plentiful, the restaurants terrific. There are so many Michelin stars in the valley that at night it looks like a constellation.
Yountville is particularly restaurant-rich, with interesting extremes. At the high end is Thomas Keller's French Laundry, with a nine-course tasting menu for $270. Not to worry – that includes the tip.
At the low end is Tacos Garcia, a city-licensed taco truck that sets up in a parking lot alongside a dive bar. Both are along Washington Avenue, the town's main drag.
Somewhere in the middle is Redd Wood. It's a "casual wine-country pizzeria" opened in January 2012 by Richard Reddington.
Think of it as the younger, hipper sister of the more adult Redd, the chef's Michelin star-holding dining house nearby that offers "an updated interpretation of wine country cuisine with influences from Asia, Europe and Mexico."
Reddington's impressive résumé includes posts at Masa's and Jardiniere in San Francisco, and Auberge du Soleil in the Napa Valley.
In an email Reddington said, "I think Redd Wood speaks to the way people want to eat right now. They want food that's honest and well-executed, but without the fuss and in a casual environment."
We had grabbed a table beneath an umbrella in the courtyard shared by the restaurant and the affiliated North Block boutique hotel.
The lodging describes itself as "an unpretentious wine country escape" offering "refreshing antidotes for the modern world." We can attest it has a very cool lobby, as that's where the Redd Wood hostess sent us to find the restrooms.
Lunch was costlier than we'd expected, though we've had more damage done at other Napa Valley restaurants that aren't as good. But we were in Yountville, after all, where apparently it's not unusual for four alternating servers to tend a table for two. Like at ours.
The to-the-point lunch menu showed six appetizers (wings, meatballs; $5-$14), four salads (roasted beets, romaine-anchovy; $12-$13); charcuterie-cheese plates ($15-$35); four house-made pastas (bucatini, gemelli; $15-$18); and two main dishes (roasted chicken, $24; glazed beef short ribs, $26).
The main attraction is the nine pizzas, creatively constructed and topped with the likes of goat cheese, smoked mozzarella, ham and bacon, Calabrian chili, capers, shaved garlic, leek and arugula.
We decked out a basic Margherita pie of fresh mozzarella, basil and tomato with house-made Italian sausage and maitake mushrooms ($14; the add-ons were $3 each). The maitake, a.k.a. "hen of the woods," was first cultivated in Japan. It's known for its healthful properties and savory flavor.
The blistered, wood-fired pizza crust had satisfying chew and subtle smoke, and melded perfectly with the succulent fresh mozzarella, Neapolitan-style sauce (whole peeled tomatoes, salt, olive oil), spicy sausage and delicate mushrooms.
The daily special sounded irresistible – short rib-stuffed ravioli in a sauce involving veal stock, butter and mirepoix (a mix of finely diced celery, onion and carrot). The al dente pasta was house-made, the short rib meat dark and deeply flavored, the sauce rich but light – one of the best dishes we've seen in recent months.
We closed lunch with scoops of creamy, house-made mint chocolate chip and dark rum-raisin ice creams that were neither dense nor overly sweet ($7 for two scoops). Next time: Meyer lemon Italian ice.
Most Napa Valley restaurants pride themselves on wine lists heavy with local vinos. Though Redd Wood maintains a 200-bottle selection, its wines-by-the-glass list showed only two Napa Valley choices out of 21 entries.
"Our wine list is ever-changing," general manager Donald Wetherell explained later. "We have a very Italian menu, so the wine list is 50-50 Italian-to-Californian. We didn't want to highlight just Napa wines, so we offer California wines in general."
Inside, Redd Wood is a contemporary, muscular space of wood, metal and leather, with the bar as the focal point. Most of one wall in the banquet room is covered in pinned-up pages from glossy food, wine, fashion and architecture magazines, a simple but chic decorating touch.
"When some the pages (get torn or worn), we go through a stack of magazines we keep in the office, rip out pages and put them up," Wetherell said. "We call it the wall of Pinterest."
REDD WOOD
Where: 6755 Washington St., Yountville
Hours: Open daily. Breakfast is 8-10 a.m.; lunch is 11:30 a.m.-3 p.m.; midday menu is 3-5 p.m.; dinner is 5-10 p.m., until 11 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays
Food: 4 stars
Ambience: 3 stars
How much: $$-$$$
Information: (707) 299-5030
Call The Bee's Allen Pierleoni, (916) 321-1128.Oak Park, ILUSA
60302
Hometown: Oak Park IL,
July 19, 2012
D&D 3.5
Hard to choose. I'm not sure I had a favorite. I enjoy playing and socializing I normally have a good time regardless what guy I am playing. I generally like my fighters and clerics the best.
I will be attending and have high hopes.
Hmm I'm not sure. I'm very social but kinda of shy when it comes to playing out my character. Something I'm hoping this group can help me with. As far as excitement ? I don't know .
No answer yet
Hello, My name is Eric and I have been playing role playing games for 20 years or so now. Mostly d&d with some cyberpunk and chathulu thrown in. Two of my other friends have recently joined your group. I look forward to meeting everyone .
A lot of people that enjoy the games as much as I do.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicySarah Kliff
Dr. Strangelove Explains Why the Obamacare Lawsuits Make No Sense
If you're going to make a threat, usually you tell somebody about it
July 28, 2014
If you're trying to make a threat, usually you tell somebody about it.
Burn Your Obamacare Card, Burn Yourself
August 05, 2013
By now, you may have heard of the campaign to undermine Obamacare that the conservative group FreedomWorks is running. If not, read Sarah Kliff's article on it in the Washington Post..
Gaming Out a Mixed SCOTUS Decision
June 20, 2012
As recently as a week ago, everybody watching the Supreme Court seemed convinced of one thing: The justices had made up their minds about the Affordable Care Act. They hadn’t issued a decision and, perhaps, they were fine-tuning the legal arguments they would make in their written opinions. But they knew how they were ruling. They just weren't telling anybody about it. Now a new rumor is making the rounds: Five justices have decided to invalidate the individual mandate but they have not settled on what else, if anything, to invalidate along with it. Does the story have any basis in.
Not So Super
November 13, 2011
[Guest.
If Dr. Seuss Wrote About Health Care
September 13, 2011
Economists,.
Is the Tea Party Really Clever? Or Really Dumb?
March 31, 2011
Although.The Hessian binary web service protocol makes web services usable without
requiring a large framework, and without learning yet another alphabet
soup of protocols. Because it is a binary protocol, it is well-suited
to sending binary data without any need to extend the protocol
with attachments.
Caucho Technology has released this Hessian implementation under an
open source license (the Apache license). Anyone may freely download,
use, and redistribute the Hessian implementation.
A wiki topic for Hessian is available at.
The Mustaine project has taken over the Python port of Hessian at
Aldratech's C++ implementation
of Hessian is available at Sourceforge.
C# implementation
of Hessian is available under the LGPL at Sourceforge by Dimitri Minich,
Vitaliy Byelyenkiy and Andre Voltmann.
D implementation
of Hessian is available at source.org by Radu Racariu.
Ben Hood has written a Erlang implementation
of Hessian, available at Sourceforge.
A PHP implementation
of Hessian is available under the GPL at Sourceforge by Manolo Gomez.
A Ruby Hessian client is
available under the LGPL at Sourceforge by Pankaj Mishra.
Christer Sandberg has implemented a Ruby Hessian client at.
Creating a Hessian service using Java has four steps:
A Hessian service's API is just a plain old Java interface.
public interface BasicAPI {
public String hello();
}
The Hessian protocol eliminates external API descriptions like
CORBA IDL files or WSDL. Documenting a Hessian service API is as
simple as providing the JavaDoc. Because Hessian is language-independent,
the Java interface classes are not required for non-Java languages.
For external languages, the Java interfaces serve
only to document the service methods.
The service implementation can be a plain-old Java object (POJO) or can
extend HessianServlet to make the servlet-engine configuration trivial.
public class BasicService extends HessianServlet implements BasicAPI {
private String _greeting = "Hello, world";
public void setGreeting(String greeting)
{
_greeting = greeting;
}
public String hello()
{
return _greeting;
}
}
The service implementation can also be a plain-old Java object (POJO),
avoiding any dependency on HessianServlet. More details are at
Hessian introduction
and in the Hessian
Service using Dependency Injection tutorial.
Creating a client is as simple as creating an API interface:
String url = "";
HessianProxyFactory factory = new HessianProxyFactory();
BasicAPI basic = (BasicAPI) factory.create(BasicAPI.class, url);
System.out.println("hello(): " + basic.hello());
Developers building Hessian libraries for different languages may use
the following public services on for testing
and experimentation.
The tests are also available in the hessian-test.jar download for
experimentation.
The hessian-interest contains discussion specific to Caucho's web
services protocols: Hessian and Burlap.
A hessian-interest archive is also available.
To subscribe, visit.
The Wireformat Project, led by Ben
Hood, has created
a Hessian Mule
Transport for the Mule ESB
(Enterprise Service Bus) platform.
Technical article about integrating Hessian with our
open source J2EE framework "Dinamica"
dinamica-hessian.pdf
The article explains how to return disconnected recordsets (a Dinamica
feature) using a Hessian service. In the example, a customer record, all
its orders and the detail records for every order are returned using a
single recordset and a very simple hessian service.
Former MTS/COM+/VB6 programmers will recognize this technique.
The Spring Framework
includes support for Hessian. The org.springframework.remoting.caucho JavaDoc provides an overview.
RIFE aims to offer a
viable solution for rapid web application development in Java without
being troubled by the complex implications of J2EE. RIFE offers an
alternative approach to web application development and design. It
builds upon the Java platform, but offers all required tools and APIs
to implement and perform all common website related tasks in a fast,
intuitive and consistent manner.
RIFE has a page describing its support
for Hessian web services.
Apache Cayenne is an
ORM tool which supports Hessian for transport of database objects
between a client and server.- $
- $258 scoopnyc.comSimilar itemThis pretty blouse from Joie has a loose fit with a tunic styled neck and low-four-button detail. Eyelet detail along front and back. Elasticized cuffs. 100% Silk. Dry clean. Made in China.
-,XS
- .
- $225 1stdibs.comPeople also likedGianni Versace Shirts. From our unique collection of Shirts, this piece is offered for sale online by The Paper Bag Princess. Global shipping is available. This
- By anabellaaaaCollection
- People also likedShort sleeve nude blouse with grandad collar. 100% Polyester. Machine washable.
- $1,025 marissacollections.comPeople also liked
- This: L,M,S,XS
- $12 $45 dorothyperkins.comPeople also likedAlice & You Pink Textured Cropped Blouse With Back Zip Fasten And Short Sleeves. Length 41cm. 100% Polyester. Hand wash only. Do not bleach. Do not tumble dry. Iron low heat.
- $145 therealreal.comPeople also likedBlue Versace sheer lace blouse with geometric ruching details at wrists and collar, slit at center back and button closures at center front.
- 
- By matreshka007Styling idea
- People also likedFreshen up your look in Guess' floral-print semi-sheer cropped top, finished with a tie-front hem. Colorfull Forest Pink Combo. Polyester.
- $495 farfetch.comPeople also likedBlack studded blouse from Versace Collection featuring a round neck, three-quarter length sleeves, a gold-tone stud detailing and a loose fit.
- Styling idea
- $258 shopbop.comSimilar item
- $93 johnlewis.comPeople also likedCrafted from a lightweight cotton, this floral print blouse from Violeta is designed with a v-neckline, button fastenings through the front, buttoned full length sleeves with tabs to roll and a curved asymmetric hem. Brand : Violeta by Mango. Material : 100% Cotton. Neckline : Round Neck. Sleeve : Long Sleeve. Washing Instructions : Machine Washable.
- $216 $619 neimanmarcus.comPeople also likedVersace. Zigzag Half-Button Blouse, Grass Green. Versace silk blouse with zigzag print. Spread collar; two-button placket. Three-quarter sleeves; button cuffs. Relaxed silhouette. Straight hem. Made in Italy.
- 
- $46 shopbop.comPeople also liked
- By futureplansStyling ideaMaking your own bacon is easier than you think.
“Making bacon at home is so much easier than you might think,” says Café Estelle’s (444 N. Fourth St. 215.925.5080. cafeestelle.com) breakfast meat maestro Marshall Green. “It just takes a little bit of time.” Aspiring bacon-makers need seven days and seven nights for the cure, and on the eighth day, four hours of smoking time. You need a smoker, but it doesn’t have to be fancy; Green uses a charbroil barrel-style one he got at Home Depot for $150. Just remember to smoke outside—the Café’s parking lot is where his mesquite magic happens—but don’t be surprised when your neighbors unexpectedly drop by for brunch.
INGREDIENTS:
3-pound slab of skin-off pork belly
2 handfuls mesquite wood chips
1 cup Kosher salt
2/3 cup raw sugar
2 tablespoon black peppercorn
1 tablespoon allspice berries
1 ounce maple syrup
PLAN:
Sunday: Grind the spices until coarse but not powdery. In a bowl, mix with salt and sugar. Place pork in a Ziplock bag; sprinkle liberally with the cure. Add syrup and seal the bag. Place on a pan in the fridge.
Tuesday: Flip bag.
Thursday: Flip bag.
Saturday: Flip bag.
Sunday: Remove the pork from the bag and rinse under cold water. Dry with a paper towel and allow to come to room temperature. Build a fire in a smoker. Place soaked mesquite chips on the coals and hot smoke at 200-250 degrees for about four hours until some fat begins to render and the belly reaches an internal temperature of 150 degrees. Cool completely before slicing. Cook in a skillet..
If you're too lazy to chew it, read on...:Can You Get SSD or SSI Disability for Gout?
You may be approved for Social Security Disability benefits if your gout meets the SSA listing of inflammatory arthritis.
Talk to a Disability Lawyer
Enter Your Zip Code to Connect with a Lawyer Serving Your Area
Gout is an extremely painful type of arthritis cause by the buildup of excess uric acid in the body. Too much uric acid can cause crystals to form in the joints, most commonly the big toe. Uric acid buildup can also lead to kidney stones.
Symptoms and Treatment for Gout.
Can I Get Disability for My Gout?
If you suffer from chronic gout, you may be approved automatically for disability benefits if your gout fulfills the requirements of ("meets") the Social Security Administration’s (SSA) listing requirements for inflammatory arthritis.
To meet the listing, you must be diagnosed by your rheumatologist with gout and experience the chronic inflammation or ongoing deformity of either:
- at least one major weight-bearing joint, such as a knee, ankle, or hip, that results in your inability to walk well enough to perform your day-to-day activities without assistance, or
- at least one major joint in each arm, such as your shoulder, wrist, or hand, that results in your inability to perform day-to-day tasks such as tying your shoes, preparing meals, managing your personal hygiene, holding a pen, or sorting papers.
You may want to review the requirements of the inflammatory arthritis listing with your treating physician to determine if you meet the requirements.
Durational Requirement.
What If I Don’t Meet The Listing Requirements?.
Standard Disability Requirements
In addition to the durational requirements discussed above, to be approved for SSDI or SSI, you may not earn more than $1,090.
Talk to a Lawyer
Want to talk to an attorney? Start here.
How It Works
- Briefly tell us about your case
- Provide your contact information
- Connect with local attorneysContents Fixed field 0xx 1xx 2xx 3xx 4xx 5xx 6xx 7xx 8xx 9xx
Use field 490 for series statements transcribed from the item. Also use field 490 for name/title series statements found in retrospective cataloging copy.
Fields 400, 410, 411, and 440 are obsolete. OCLC has run a database scan to convert them to field 490 with corresponding series access points in 8xx fields. Records containing these obsolete 4xx fields fail validation. You may find these fields in local systems in records used prior to this change.
Use 8xx fields for series access points. Use fields 800, 810, or 811 for series access points in name/title form and field 830 for series access points in title form.
This page last revised: October 30, 2014
© 2015 OCLC Domestic and international trademarks and/or service marks of OCLC Online Computer Library Center, Inc. and its affiliatesWritten on: 05/05/2012
Great picture and easy, simple controls. Sound generally not particularly good (not stereo). Had to take back for replacement twice to Currys due to intermittent interruption in sound, really annoying,especially when listening to music. Maybe manufacturer fault. Shame as otherwise good value. Won't buy this make again or recommend.What’s on across Ireland this weekend
- Irish News
- February 27, 2015, 19:10
Chinese New Year festival The spring festival, in its eighth year, is celebrating the Year of the Sheep, the lucky eighth sign of the zodiac, a(...)
Swimmer and mountain climber die in weekend incidents
- Irish News
- July 28, 2014, 01:01
A mountain climber and a swimmer died in separate incidents over the weekend. A 57-year-old male climber was found dead in the Twelve Bens mountain ra(...)
Boy (9) in critical condition after falling into sea near Co Clare
- Irish News
- May 5, 2014, 01:00
A nine-year-old boy was reported to be in a critical condition in hospital last night after he was recovered from the sea. It is believed he ma(...)
Contract signed for controversial Doolin pier
- Environment
- April 22, 2014, 17:00
The contract for the construction of a new €6 million pier in Doolin, Co. Clare, has been signed. Work on the pier is due to begin in the(...)
Search resumes for fisherman missing off Clare coast
- Irish News
- October 7, 2013, 10:42
A search has resumed this morning for a fisherman who fell into the sea off the coast of Clare yesterday evening. The 42-year-old Latvian, who (...)The Best Bar to . . . Network Without Spending Big Bucks: Copa D'Oro
Copa D'Oro | Santa Monica, Calif.
Step into Santa Monica's Copa d'Oro and it's obvious what matters: cocktails and conversation. For the first, a distinguished bar nearly as long as the room, accented by backlit displays of spirits and gleaming arrangements of fruits, vegetables and herbs. For the second, the absence of distracting screens; instead, a beat-driven soundtrack just loud enough to encourage lively chatter among the stylish late-twenty- and early-thirtysomething regulars from the local startup scene.
The soft lighting and antique metal-wood-leather scheme makes Copa a winner on looks alone, but cash-conscious entrepreneurs will appreciate the bar all the more for its extended happy hour--5:30 to 8 p.m. Tuesday through Saturday and all night Monday--featuring $5 cocktails, $6 paninis and $7 appetizers.
Copa is busy without the hassle, has a simple menu and is "quiet enough but still cool," says Patricia Handschiegel, serial entrepreneur and founder of Chic Market.
"Even if you can afford it, everyone loves a deal," she says. "And I always try to keep my overhead as low as possible."
Order like a regular: Let the cocktail-savvy bartenders serve up a just-for-you drink. Pick a spirit and customize with a selection of farmers-market-fresh ingredients.
Go: 217 Broadway; (310) 576-3030; copadoro.comHotels & Resorts Australia - Silver Shore Apartments is centrally located on Queensland's Gold Coast on the shoreline of the famous Broadwater, approximately 200 metres north of the
Hotels & Resorts New Caledonia - Located on Ilot Maitre, a 200 hectare marine reserve just 25 minutes by shuttle boat from Noumea, L'Escapade is the ideal tropical island holiday resort.
Hotels & Resorts American Samoa - Sadie's by the Sea was built in the 1960s as a luxury resort hotel (Pago Pago Intercontinental Hotel).
Hotels & Resorts Tonga - Fafa Island Resort, an 18 acres palm covered atoll, is located only 30 minutes by motor sailor from Nukualofa, the capital of the Kingdom of Tonga on the
Hotels & Resorts Australia - For an apartment styled getaway at the centre of all the attractions of Surfers Paradise, the Mediterranean inspired BreakFree Moroccan is your destination.
Hotels & Resorts French Polynesia - The Intercontinental Thalasso Spa is a beachside property located on Motu Piti Aau, and is reachable only by boat transfer following landing at Bora Bora
Hotels & Resorts French Polynesia - InterContinental Resort Tahiti is located six miles from Papeete and the Market Place and approximately one mile from FAAA International Airport.
Hotels & Resorts Australia - The Hotel Ibis World Square is perfectly located in the heart of Sydney CBD, next to the World Square Center.
Hotels & Resorts French Polynesia - The Manava Suite Resort Tahiti is located in the island's northwestern region, in the community of Punaauia, conveniently located five minutes from Faa'a
Hotels & Resorts Palau - This hotel is ideally located on the Island of Malakal, which is famous for diving and snorkeling (private pier is available).!Kiwi onto LX7
Started Mar 1, 2013 | Discussions thread
Please, explain me how to install the Kiwi LA-52LXT adapter on my Panasonic LX7 camera. It seems to me that I cannot unscrew the proper ring from the LX7 lens housing.
-- hide signature --
Zbyszek
Zbyszek_Z's gear list:Zbyszek_Z's gear list
Reply to thread Reply with quote Complain
Keyboard shortcuts:
FForum PPrevious NNext WNext unread UUpvote SSubscribe RReply QQuote BBookmark post MMy threads
Color scheme? Blue / YellowChristians' Expulsion Strains U.S.- Morocco Ties
Christians' Expulsion Strains U.S.- Morocco Ties
120 results for 'orphanage'. Showing results 109 - 120
George sits first chair in the cello section of his orchestra class at Oak Knoll Middle School in Hanover,...
Meneka's Orphanage
A miracle saves orphans from being swept away by tsunamiOnline Storage with Wuala
At it's most basic level, Wuala is an online storage service. Like other services it aims to allow you to access your files from anywhere, even if your home or office computer is turned off. You can store any file in your Wuala 'drive' and they can be any size (up to your storage limit, of course).
The big difference that sets Wuala apart from other offerings, such as Amazon's S3, is that Wuala is peer-to-peer. The developers of Wuala have adapted many of the ideas of peer-to-peer systems such as bittorrent to make your data both highly available and fast to download. When you upload files to your Wuala account they are first encrypted before they leave your system and then multiple copies are split between several different Wuala users. The redundancy is calculated via some custom algorithms created by the developers that factor in things such as the uptime of the remote node, bandwidth, historical reliability, and location. More information on the science behind Wuala is available in the form of a presentation from one of the developers. You can watch it online here:
Getting and Installing Wuala
Wuala is currently going through a closed development process. What this means is that you need an invite to use it (like the process that Gmail went through a few years back). You can request an invite on the Wua.la download page:
The main reason for the service being in closed alpha right now is because the Wuala network is being scaled up. As the pool of people connected to the service grows, the speed and reliability of the service goes up. Once they reach critical mass they will be able to open up the service to anyone, but right now they need to add users slowly and make sure all of the bugs are worked out of the system.
Once you get an invite, the download and installation of the Wuala client is quite painless. The Wuala client is distributed as a tar.gz file. After downloading the file a simple 'tar -zxf wuala.tar.gz' inside a terminal will leave you with a wuala directory. CD into the directory and issue a './wuala &' and Wuala should start.
The first time Wuala starts you will be asked to put in the invite code you received in your invite email. You will also be prompted to setup a user and a profile.
This page greets you when you launch Wuala for the first time.
Now you can start using Wuala to share and store your files.
Sharing
Before I get into the basics of using Wuala to store and share your files, I should probably take a quick minute to say that Wuala is not a very good choice for sharing music or movies to lots of people. Legal considerations aside, if you want to engage in that sort of thing, there are other applications and networks that are better suited. Wuala is not a replacement for traditional peer-to-peer file-sharing applications, it's trying to solve a different problem.
What Wuala _is_ designed to do is to keep the files that are important to you always available. Photos, recipes, presentations, journals, family history, financial records, and home movies are all examples of data that Wuala is perfect for. We all have files and data that we want to be able to "get to" when we need them and to be protected in the event of a disaster (natural or otherwise).
Wuala can be used to share your files though. You can share any folder with specific wuala users or everyone. There is a search box built into the client that you can use to search Wuala for files that others have shared. And similar to Google's "SafeSearch" feature, Wuala has a "Family Friendly" feature which will filter out potentially offensive content. This filter can be turned off if you want through the options screen.
Groups are a nice way to share files with others around common themes.
There are also groups you can join to share files around common themes. You can also create your own groups and they can be public or invite only. For example, you could create a group for family members, one for people you work with, one for your favorite band, and so on --- making them public or private as desired.
Using Wuala
When you launch Wuala (after the initial setup) you are presented with a login window. You simply enter in the username and password you used when you set up your account and you can immediately access your files. You can also save your login information if you want to be logged in automatically every time you launch Wuala.
Logging in to Wuala is as easy as logging in anywhere else.
The Wuala interface looks like a simplified file manager. In the main part of the window are folders for Documents, Music, Images and so on. You can scrap the default layout and create your own to arrange things the way you want. Adding folders is as simple as a right-click or a Ctrl+n.
The main Wuala interface.
When copying files to Wuala, you just drag and drop the files into the Wuala window and they will be uploaded. A little upload progress bar appears next to the file as it is being uploaded. If you try to upload a file that already exists, Wuala will prompt you to either replace the file with the one you are uploading, rename the file you are uploading to something unique, or to cancel the copy operation and do nothing.
Wuala tries to be helpful with naming conflicts.
When you upload images to Wuala it will offer to resize them for you. You can turn this setting off if you never want to resize your images.
When downloading files from Wuala, the current client is not as friendly as it is with uploading. This falls squarely into the "need to fix before general release" area. I realize I am using Alpha software, so some glitches are to be expected, and this is one of them. My natural feeling is that when I drag a file from the Wuala window to a folder on my desktop, the file should download and appear in my file manager. That doesn't happen reliably with the current client. The most reliable way to download files that I have found is to right click on them and choose "Save As...". You can also just double-click on the file to open it in the given file's default application. For example, with .png images, I can just double-click them in the Wuala window and they will open up in Gimp. From Gimp I can "save as..." to wherever I want the file to be locally.
The Wuala client also has a neat trick where it will run a local NFS server that your system can mount. This simplifies file system interactions with Wuala since everything occurs through the standardized NFS layer and your machine will see it as just another NFS drive. You enable the NFS file system integration by inserting an entry into your /etc/fstab file that looks like this:
localhost:/wuala /home/username/wuala/direct nfs defaults,users,noauto,rsize=8192,wsize=8192,timeo=14,intr
You then click the "Enable File System Integration" checkbox under User > Manage Account... > Geneneral and restart Wuala. When Wuala starts a drive called "direct" will be mounted and ready for you to use. This is my preferred method to interacting with my Wuala storage.
This screenshot shows some of my Wuala files, screenshots for this article actually, two different ways: via the Wuala interface and via NFS.
For daily use, what seems to work best with the current functionality of the client is to use Wuala as a "copy to / download from" drive. In other words, I will copy files from my local drive to it and then read those files from it. One thing that does not work well right now is modifying files directly. If I want to modify a file I find it is best to copy it to my local drive, and then drag it back to my Wuala drive when I'm done. This is something I hope that the Wuala developers will work on, especially since the drive shows up as an NFS mounted directory. I expect to be able to open and work with my files on NFS mounted directories directly.
Getting More Space
There are a few ways to get more drive space in Wuala, three to be exact.
The first way is by getting your friends to sign up for the service, if they do, you get an extra gigabyte of space. However, you are only given 15 invites and then they're gone, and in today's world, 16 gigabytes is just not a whole lot of space.
The other way to get more space is to pay for it. I suppose I should qualify that with a big "someday" because currently you can't purchase additional storage. The developers are soliciting feedback on it and it is likely that they will offer some sort of paid service for those that can't get more storage any other way.
All sorts of settings can be tweaked through the options window.
The third way to get more storage is to trade your local storage for it. This works similarly to how bittorrent or Skype work, but instead of just trading and sharing bandwidth, you'll also be trading drive space too. Of course, just because you say you're willing to share, say 10 gigabytes, of storage with other Wuala users doesn't mean that you will automatically get 10 gigabytes of extra storage added to your Wuala account. Extra storage is added to your account based on the amount you're willing to share, the reliability of your connection and the number of hours in a day that your computer is connected to the Internet. By considering all of those factors a percentage of the 10 gigabytes you set aside locally for other Wuala users is also set aside for you among other Wuala users.
You can track how much space you have earned the options window. There is even a handy graph to show you your earned storage over time.
This graph shows earned storage over time.
Security
With your files physically residing on other peoples' computers, security is a big concern. The Wuala developers have tried to address this by encrypting everything and randomizing the distribution of data. There is no way for you to tell what data is being stored on your system, or who it belongs to, and similarly for your data on other Wuala users' systems.
Conclusion
Wuala is not perfect . . . yet. The client is still in its early stages of development, and as such, it is impressive that it works as well as it does. It is also being updated constantly, with several updates to the client while I was working on this article.
The Wuala application will automatically look for and install updates.
I have experienced a few crashes while using the Wuala client. The crashes were annoying, but did not disturb any other applications I had running and once I restarted the client all was fine and my online files were as safe as ever.
I experienced a few crashes while using Wuala.
This is definitely a project to watch, and as the service grows it will only get better. Go request an invite and take a look!
Tools and Technologies for Scale and Reliability
by Linux Journal Editor Bill Childers
Sponsored by IBM
...
Push Share
A really cool new capability I have seen recently is 'push sharing.' Many online storage companies let you do online backup, and basic levels of file sharing. There is one company pushing the envelope in private file sharing -. They of course let you publicly share content - most sites do - but they also let you share privately to a select group of members that you set up. That is handy and keeps your children's pictures amongst your family and not in strangers hands (for example). But their "push sharing" capability is the most innovative I have seen. Members can upload content once, and then push it to other's accounts (given write access to a folder) on the backend - no upload / download required for the receiving account. I could upload a video to my account, push share it to my family or friend's accounts, and now they have a copy of it, and can view it - and still have access even if I delete the original. Very bleeding edge cool.
More info
Phil Hughes
wuala
i have some invites for you
wuala-einladung@temporaryforwarding.com
Secure Offsite Data Backup Services - Advantages.
You can find out more now about offsite
data backup and recovery services
wula invite
1. Download Wuala:
2. Run the installer
3. Enter your invitation code when prompted.
yours22clay
shovel94kitten
part83papa
maid13towardsWe're sorry, Floral Heart Pendant And Earrings Set is no longer available Why not try one of these instead? Sterling Silver Flower Jewellery Set by Martha Jackson Sterling Silver £45$90.19€63.62$71.44 Calla Lily Bangle by SUMMER AND SILVER £54$108.23€76.35$85.73 Silver Bird's Nest Necklace & Earrings by IndiviJewels £58$116.24€82$92.08 Three Set Enamel Thank You Bridesmaid Neck... by J&S Jewellery £56$112.24€79.17$88.90 can be personalised Floral Heart Pendant And Earrings Set by Kate Hamilton-Hunter Studio £52.99$106.20€74.92$84.12 striking heart pendant and earring set in our popular floral print. A statement jewellery set taken from our Hearts collection, these pieces will guarantee you stand out from the crowd no matter what the occasion! Set contains our large heart pendant and slim heart earrings in matching floral print. Handmade from our collection of biscuit, sweet and cake tins, the pieces complement each other perfectly. Available in pretty floral print. made from: Your jewellery will be made to match as closely as possible this photograph, but as all our jewellery is handmade and from recycled tins, please allow for slight variations in design. Heart pendant supplied on an 18" sterling silver snake chain. Earrings supplied on sterling silver earwires. dimensions: Pendant heart measures 42mm x 55mm. Each earring heart measures 20mm x 24mm. product code: 226712 This product is dispatched to you by Kate Hamilton-Hunter Studio.Introduction
If you were to take a walk along the beach around Esperance Bay between Albany and Esperance, Australia, you might stumble across a very peculiar looking carnivorous plant. The Cephalotus follicularis, also known as the Australian pitcher plant or the Albany pitcher plant, is a compact, low-growing plant with little hairy pit-fall traps. Like the Venus fly trap, the Cephalotus follicularis is a monotypic genus, meaning that it is the only species (follicularis) in its genus (Cephalotus). Further, it is the only species in the monogeneric family Cephalotaceae.
“Remaind on board. Described a few plants. Mr Good went in search of the pitcher plant wch Messrs Bauer & Westall had found yesterday in flower. He returned with it in the evening.”
The first published account was by Jacques Labillardière in the 1806 publication Novae Hollandiae Plantarum Specimen, a two volume work describing the flora of Australia. Labillardière gave the plant its latin name Cephalotus follicularis. The word Cephalotus comes from the Greek “kephalotos” meaning “headed”, referring to the filaments of the stamens. Folliculus in Latin means “a little sack or bag”, which describes the shape of the carnivorous pitchers.
Labillardière initially placed the Cephalotus in the genus rosaceae or the rose family. He based this placement on a specimen of bad seed sent to him from Australia. This incorrect placement was later exposed by Robert Brown based on fresh seed he received from William Baxter who had collected some plants at King George’s Sound in 1829. Brown writes:
“From this description, especially of the embryo, it is evident that Cephalotus must be removed from Rosaceæ, to which it had been referred by M. Labillardière; and also, though not with much confidence, in the account which I published in 1814. M. de Jussieu, indeed, in 1818, proposed to exclude it from Rosaceæ and append it to Crassulaceæ; and the structure of the seed, as well as of the folliculi or akenia, and even their insertion on the minute central receptacle or axis, may seem to confirm the correctness of this approximation.”
Brown concluded that the Cephalotus follicularis warranted its own family and created Cephalotaceae. It has remained there ever since.
Native Range
The native range of the Cephalotus is about 250 miles long and 50 miles wide streatching from Augusta to Cape Riche. Like most carnivorous plants, it is commonly found in wet seepages. It prefers soil that is peaty and sandy, with good drainage. The climate in this part of extreme south-western Australia is Mediterranean-like. Summers are warm with an average high of 77°F (25°C) and occasional hot weather reaching over 100°F (40°C). Winters are cool, mild and wet with temperatures rarely dipping below 40°F (5°C) and only the occasional frost.
Cephalotus are often found growing in the partial shade of bushes and grasses in damp, open areas. For those of you lucky enough to have seen carnivorous plants in the wild, this should come as no surprise as most carnivorous plants prefer to grow in areas similar to this. Sometimes colonies of Cephalotus are found growing only a few feet away from the ocean on mossy banks with fresh water running through.
Plant characteristics
Unlike most carnivorous plants which grow only one type of leaf, Cephalotus have two very different types of leaves: the non-carnivorous leaves and the pitcher leaves. In early spring, non-carnivorous leaves begin to grow as the days lengthen. Several of these flat, spear-shaped, hairy, bright-green leaves will emerge from each rosette growth point. These non-carnivorous leaves will last for about a year and wither just before the new leaves emerge the following spring. The most likely purpose of the non-carnivorous leaves is to provide a boost in energy from photosynthesis before growing more carnivorous pitchers.
As spring transitions to summer, the carnivorous pitchers begin forming. They start off looking like little hairy knobs at the end of long petioles. Slowly, they inflate to become a pitcher trap. Pitchers can be up to 2 inches (5cm) in size, but are more commonly 1 inch to 1.5 inches (2cm to 4cm), and will rest on the ground with their “mouths” facing away from the center rosette growth point. Occasionally there are leaves that form that are in between carnivorous and non-carnivorous leaves. Many people believe that these pitchers provide a clue as to how the complicated pitchers evolved.
Below the soil, Cephalotus have wiry, brittle roots. Young plants have roots that are thin and fragile, but the root system will eventually develop into thick and branching underground rhizomes that will form plants next to the mother plant.
Trap Description
The traps are short and tubby with three hairs on the lid and three ribs on the front of the pitcher. These three ribs lined with hairs almost certainly guide insects to the mouth for their ultimate demise. There is a colorful, white-striped, hairy lid – also called the “window” – that adorns the top of each pitcher. Similar in appearance to Sarracenia minor and Darlingtonia, the color of the lid probably helps to attract insects to the pitcher. The lid overhangs the mouth of the pitcher and helps prevent them filling up with water, which would make the trap unable to capture prey. The mouth of the pitcher has a well developed rim with about 24 ribs or teeth. This distinct rim and teeth give it a similar appearance to pitchers of some species of Nepenthes. The spined ribs curve over the lip of the pitcher and end in a sharp point directed down into the pitcher. Nectar glands cover the underside of the lid and the surface of the pitcher, excluding the rim.
The top of the pitcher tube is has a beneficial feature in that it is somewhat funnel-like with a wide, thick collar just below the rim that overhangs the well of digestive fluids below. This collar is bright white in color and its surface is covered with microscopic projections that point downward. This collar with downward-pointing projections is slick and insects will slide off the surface into the well. The fact that the collar is overhanging makes any escape attempt from within the pitcher nearly impossible. Any insect struggling to escape will eventually tire and drown, being slowly dissolved in the digestive fluids.
Inside the pitcher there are many dome-like glands that secrete the majority of the fluid that fills the pitchers. On the inside of the pitcher wall there is a kidney-shaped area, magenta-black in color, covered with tiny glands. In green pitchers, this kidney-shaped area can be seen from the outside of the pitcher. The apparent function of these glands is to secrete digestive enzymes.
In the image of the Cephalotus pitcher to the left, the labeled parts are as follows:
1 – Well filled with digestive fluids
2 – Kidney-shaped area with digestive glands
3 – Nectar Collar
4 – Frontal Ridge
5 – Ribbed Rim
6 – Lid, also called the window
Reproduction
In mid to late summer, mature Cepahalotus will flower. The stalks are quite long for such a diminutive plant, reaching 24 inches (60cm) or more in length. Like Venus fly traps, that also long tall flower stalks, the Cephalotus wants to keep potential pollinators a safe distance from its traps. The flowers are very small, around a quarter-inch across, and have no petals. The tepals are pale green or white in color in order to compensate for the lack of petals and attract pollinators. Flowers need to be pollinated, but Cepahalotus is self fertile and produce one seed per ovary with 6 to 10 seeds per flower. Seeds are small, yellow in color, and quite hairy.
Seeds should be sown immediately after harvesting because the viability of the seed is brief. Stratification studies have been done that vary the time of stratification from none, to eight weeks. There was no significant difference in germination rate of stratified seed as compared to seed sown fresh. Further, most plants that set seed in the summer, like the Cephalotus follicularis and Dionaea muscipula almost certainly do so to give their offspring a chance to germinate and get established before winter and dormancy arrive.
Cultivation
Temperature
The Cephalotus isn’t the easiest plant to cultivate, but with a little care and consideration, it can do well in a fairly wide range of conditions. Cephalotus can tolerate temperatures ranging from lows of 35°F (2°C) with frosts in winter and highs of 104°F (40°C) in the summer. They will do best, however, with more moderate temperatures between 40°F (5°C) and 90°F (32°C). Being native to coastal areas, they appreciate cooler nights and extended periods of heat without a temperature drop below 70°F (21°C) can weaken the plant.
Water
Like most carnivorous plants, Cephalotus is sensitive to minerals in its water. Any water with mineral levels of 50ppm or more isn’t suited for use on Cephalotus, so it’s best to use mineral free water whenever possible. Distilled water, collected rain water or reverse osmosis water all work well. Over watering is the number one reason why Cephalotus in cultivation perish. Be sure to keep the soil damp, but never wet. Cephalotus should never be left standing in water if they are in short pots and even if they are in tall pots, it’s better to water them to get the soil moist and then remove them from standing water. It is also recommended to water from the bottom only because top watering can lead to crown rot.
Light
Cephalotus does well a wide range of lighting, from bright shade to full sun. The more sun the plant recieves, the more red coloration the pitchers will have and the healthier the plant will be. The pitchers also tend to be smaller in size in full sun. In bright shade to partial sun, the pitchers will stay greener and grow larger. Most growers recommend at least 4 hours of direct sunlight for a healthy Cephalotus.
Cephalotus grow well under artificial lighting also. When choosing a lighting setup for your Cephalotus,. However, you’ll likely not get your plant to flower unless it is grown outdoors or in a greenhouse where it can experience the changing of the seasons. The lights should be kept on for 14 to 16 hours during the spring, summer and fall months and 12 hours during the winter.
Soil
As with most carnivorous plants, the Cephalotus requires a nutrient poor, acidic soil mix. There is much variation in the mixes that growers use, but the common theme is that the mix is well draining and sphagnum or peat based. Some popular mixes include:
- 1 part peat, 1 parts silica sand, 1 part perlite
- 1 part peat, 2 parts silica sand or perlite
- 3 part perlite or silica sand, 2 parts peat moss
- 3 part perlite or silica sand, 1 part peat moss
- 3 parts perlite, 2 parts peat, 1 part silica sand, 1 part orchid bark
- pure live sphagnum
I grow my Cephalotus in the same mix that I use for Venus fly traps – 5 parts peat, 3 parts silica sand, 2 parts perlite – and they do well in that too. Whatever you choose to use, make sure that it has good aeration, drains well and nutrient poor and acidic. Never use potting soil, or nutrient enriched peat moss, like Miracle-Gro brand, because it will kill your Cephalotus.
Choosing a Pot
The number one killer of many Cephalotus in cultivation is over watering. People have even coined the phrase “sudden Cephalotus death syndrome” which is most likely a result of root rot from overly wet conditions. Avoiding this is fairly easy however. Using a large, deep pot and watering from the bottom will keep the soil moist without keeping the roots too wet. A large deep pot will also allow you to grow the plant for a quite a while before having to consider repotting it. With a sufficiently large pot, repotting can be done only every other year. Cephalotus do best in insulated foam pots that provide protection for their roots, but plastic pots work well, as do glazed clay pots. Whatever pot is chosen, it is imperative that the pot has a drain hole.
Repotting
When repotting a Cephalotus, great care should be taken not to damage the roots. Their roots are fleshy and brittle, like celery but not nearly as strong as celery stalks, so Cephalotus roots break easily and one has to be fairly careful unpotting and then repotting them. But repotting doesn’t kill the plant, only sets it back for awhile. Repotting in the winter or spring is advisable so that they can have their set back at a time when they are not as actively growing, rather than repotting them in the spring or summer and setting them back when they’re putting out lots of new growth.
Feeding
As with most carnivorous plants, feeding isn’t necessary. The plants get all the energy they need from photosynthesis. However, Cephalotus enjoy the occasional insect and will grow a bit faster if fed. Any insect will work and ideally they should be recently killed or still alive.
Fertilizing is possible if done with care. Some growers occasionally drop slow release nitrogen tablets into pitchers. One can also use a high quality orchid fertilizer at a diluted strength (1/4 to 1/2 teaspoon per gallon) and put a few drops into the pitchers every 4 weeks or spray the plant to foliar fertilize it. However, be very careful to never use any fertilizer on the roots.
Common pests
Beware of scale on Cephalotus. Scale is rare in a clean greenhouse with some preventive insecticide spray from time to time, but scale really love Cephalotus, and they can get in places that are difficult to see when you inspect the plants. Acephate (Orthene) kills scale very effectively and doesn’t harm Cephalotus. Fungal growth is also fairly common and is usually due to low light conditions and stagnant, humid air. Use a fungicide to help control it.
Propagation
Leaf pullings
Prorogation is most easily done vegetatively. Pullings of pitchers or non-carnivorous leaves can be taken by tugging on the petiole while trying to pull off as much of the white leaf base as possible. If you’ve taking pullings from Venus fly traps, the technique is very similar. The pulling should be partially buried in your chosen soil mix for growing mature plants. Keep the pullings in warm, bright, humid conditions and you should see plantlets appearing after several weeks. When a root system has formed after a few months, the pullings can be transferred to larger pots where they can continue growing. A mature plant can be obtained in 2 to 3 years using this method.
Root cuttings
This technique should be done when repotting the plant and is quite a bit faster to get adults plants than the leaf pulling method. When you repot your plant in late winter, thoroughly rinse all the soil away from the roots, of course being careful not to damage them. Then simply trim away bits of the rhizome and roots that are at least one inch in length, leaving much of the mother plant untouched. These root cuttings should then be laid on your soil of choice and covered with about 1/2 inch (1cm) of media. Like the leaf pullings, keep the root cuttings in warm, bright, humid conditions (clear plastic bags or containers work well) and, if your propagation attempt is successful, shoots will appear in a few weeks.
Divisions
When your plant has grown to the point that it has several crowns, it is fairly easy to successfully divide them into multiple plants. Like root cuttings, this method should be done when repotting your plant. After the soil has been rinsed away from the roots, look for a place to divide the mass of roots where each crown will retain a significant portion of the roots.
Tissue culture
Cephalotus is fairly easy to propagate in vitro. Starting with seed is the easiest, but initialization can also be done with leaves, traps or roots. The growing medium of choice seems to be 20% Murashige & Skoog with full vitamins, though there hasn’t been much research done on the optimal medium for Cephalotus. Even in vitro, the plants are quite slow growing and can take a while to propagate. I’ve heard differing reports on the difficulty of deflasking Cephalotus and I’ve yet to deflask any myself, so I’ll reserve comment on this until I do.
Summary of care tips
A quick summary of care tips for Cephalotus follicularis includes:
- Well draining, nutrient poor soil with good aeration is essential.
- Lots of light will lead to a healthier plant. 4+ hours of direct sunlight is recommended
- Clean water with mineral content less than 50ppm should be used (distilled, rain water or reverse osmosis water only)
- Deep pots work best because they provide enough room for the roots to grow without having to stand in water.
- Temperatures should be kept mild (no freezing) and a drop in temperature during the hot summer days is essential
- Keep the soil moist at all times but never wet. Be very careful not to over water.
- Feeding is optional, but the plant will benefit from the occasional insect or being lightly fertilized.
- Watch for scale and fungus on Cephalotus and treat them appropriately when discovered.
- Propagate your plant vegetatively through divisions and pullings so you can share them with your friends!
Hybrids and cultivars
Like the Venus fly trap, the Cephalotus has only one species, follicularis and doesn’t hybridize with other plants. But several outstanding specimens have been selected and given names. Two of these specimens have been registered with the International Carnivorous Plant society as official cultivars:
Some other unofficial cultivars that are named and in circulation include:
- Cephalotus “Adrian Slack”
- Cephalotus “Big Boy”
- Cephalotus “Dudley Watts”
- Cephalotus “German Giant”
- Cephalotus “Giant”
- Cephalotus “Ivan’s Giant”
- Cephalotus “Julie Jones”
- Cephalotus “Munich Giant”
- Cephalotus “Phil Mann”
- Cephalotus “Slack Giant”
- Cephalotus “Vigorous Clumping”
One should be somewhat careful to not get their hopes too high when trying to collect Cephalotus cultivars. Some clones, while outstanding in certain growing conditions, turn out to be less impressive under different conditions. Amount of direct sunlight, the difference between day and night temperatures, and type of soil used are the main factors in pigment development and pitcher size. Plants producing large pitchers in one set of conditions are not guaranteed to produce large pitchers under all conditions. A very good read can be found on Bob Ziemer’s website: Cephalotus follicularis giant forms: “Myth or Reality”Study Shows Feasibility of Capturing CO2 Directly from Air
Source Newsroom: Georgia Institute of Technology, Research Communications
Newswise — With a series of papers published in chemistry and chemical engineering journals, researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology have advanced the case for extracting carbon dioxide directly from the air using newly-developed adsorbent materials.
The technique might initially be used to supply carbon dioxide for such industrial applications as fuel production from algae or enhanced oil recovery. But the method could later be used to supplement the capture of CO2 from power plant flue gases as part of efforts to reduce concentrations of the atmospheric warming chemical.:
•.”
•.
•.”
Research News & Publications Office
Georgia Institute of Technology
75 Fifth Street, N.W., Suite 309
Atlanta, Georgia 30308 USA
Writer: John Toon4 Places to Stay
*Distances are shown as the crow flies and not necessarily the actual travelling distance.
Hotel in Phologolo Extension 9
Request Quote
Bed and Breakfast in Selemelo Extension 2
●●●●● 1 Review
Self-catering in Boitshoko Extension 10
●●●●● 2 Reviews
Self-catering in Mephato Extension 12
Bed and Breakfast in Mmaraka Extension 1
●●●●● 3 Reviews
Hotel in Gaborone West Extension 7
Lodge, Bed and Breakfast in Madibeng Extension 11
Hotel, Bed and Breakfast in Boitshoko Extension 10
Hotel in Gaborone
Book Now
Self-catering in Botswelelo Extension 5
GaboroneArea Accommodation,Ripper-Vision™
We use never before seen photographs of Jack the Rippers London, crime scenes and victims.
When choosing a Jack the Ripper tour, it’s important that your guide has the right tools of the trade. One of the most important tools is visual aids. Unfortunately most tours don’t use any and if they do its usally standard A4 badly photocopied sheets of paper, impossible to make out in a large crowd. With Ripper Vision you will be amazed with 4ft images emblazoned on the walls and streets for all to see, if a building is no longer there, fear not, we will simply place it back where it belongs. You will feel you are right back in the heart of Jack the Rippers London.
The only tour to use Ripper-Vision™
We are the ONLY tour to use these latest hand held projectors. These images (some of which never seen before) will bring Victorian London back to life . If a building is no longer there, no worries we’ll simply put it right back in there so you can see it . We want you to be transported back to 1888, we want you to feel you are reliving the whole autumn of terror. Simply put we bring a new element to London walking tours. The first, the ONLY Jack the Ripper Tour to bring the past to life.
We’ve done the research, we’ve combed the crime archives
Each of our guides is a dedicated Jack the ripper enthusiast. So when you walk with us you walk with the best. It’s this enduring dedicated research that has helped establish our tour as the leading Jack the Ripper Tour in London.Ann Coulter Sets the Record Straight
"Ann Coulter Sets the Record Straight"
“Gannon didn’t write about gays.” — Ann Coulter, 2/24/05
“[John Kerry] might someday be known as ‘the first gay president.’ . . . The Massachusetts liberal has enjoyed a 100% rating from the homosexual advocacy group, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), since 1995 in recognition of his support for the pro-gay agenda.” — Jeff Gannon, 10/12/04
“The brushfire ignited by Sen. Rick Santorum’s (R-PA) comments about the Texas sodomy case now before the Supreme Court continued to draw predictable reactions on Wednesday. Gay activists immediately denounced the remarks, likening them to words that drove Sen. Trent Lott from his Majority Leader’s position.” — Jeff Gannon, 4/23/04
“A month ago, the Associated Press quoted Herseth as saying, ‘I agree with the president on this issue. Marriage should be between a man and a woman’…Despite taking a conservative position on gay marriage, Herseth remains one of the star candidates supported by the liberal, pro-abortion group Emily’s List.” — Jeff Gannon, 3/30/04ST. PETER - The search for missing kayaker Stephen Fritze has ended.
The Nicollet County Sheriff's Office conducted an extensive ground search Sunday with the Courtland Fire Department, North Star and Central Lakes Search and Rescue in an effort to find a 51-year-old Watertown, S.D. man reported missing since June 22, while kayaking on the Minnesota River near Courtland with two other men.
Searchers did not find Fritze on Sunday and have no further search plans at this time, according to a Nicollet County Sheriff's office news release sent Monday morning.
The sheriff's office asks individuals seeking recreational activities on or near the Minnesota River in the Courtland area to report anything suspicious they may find. The scene should not be disturbed. Call 507-931-1570 to report the discovery to officials.
The search for Fritze continued by boat for several weeks after the incident. Brown and Nicollet counties searched on alternate dates.
The disappearance of Fritze initially prompted on intense search. Two days after he was reported missing, 40 area law enforcement and firefighters used nine boats, searched on shore and watched the rising Minnesota River flow from bridges.
Two men who were kayaking with Fritze - Cameron Buri and John Carter - made it to shore. Two kayaks were missing at first. One was found near the river bank that included masses of brush and fallen trees. A bag with personal affects including a paddle and beverage cooler were also found in the river that overran its banks after heavy rain.
Trained dogs were brought in the next day to aid search efforts. Personnel involved in the search included the Nicollet, Brown, Blue Earth and Le Sueur County sheriff's departments, New Ulm Fire and Rescue, Courtland Fire Department and the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (DNR).
303 N. Minnesota , New Ulm, MN 56073 | 507-359-2911
© 2015. All rights reserved.| Terms of Service and Privacy PolicyThis ASI script allows you to control your Winamp playlist from within GTA IV - no more alt-tabbing! Downloads: 2,657
Added: July 27, 2009 9:58PM
Last Downloaded: May 22, 2015 4:11AM File Size: 170.29 KB
» Author Website
Added: July 27, 2009 9:58PM
Last Downloaded: May 22, 2015 4:11AM File Size: 170.29 KB
» Author Website
1. Start Winamp
2. Start IV
3. Drink coffee or take a shower or ask your girlfriend for something dirty while loading
4. Enter any vehicle
5. Turn the radio off…[x] key by default
6. Listen to Winamp which plays you super-dooper-playlist
6.1 Press [PageUp] / [PageDown] for next or prev Track
6.2 Press [Num+] / [Num-] to change the volume
7. Be Happy without drugs…
Need to?
-Winamp and IV (Really?!?!?!)
-Music in your Winamp playlist
-Ears…working ears
-Asi Loader
Whats next?!
-Different Control-Modes…like OnRadioOff, OnFootOnly, AlwaysUltra…
-A nice GUI (Check the title picture)
-Mouse GUI control
from:MIAMI, Fla. -- Once the Florida Marlins finished teeing off Greg Maddux, he took his turn.
He grabbed a bat and whacked the water cooler.
Joe Borchard and Miguel Cabrera hit three-run homers and the Marlins roughed up a shaky Maddux, beating the Chicago Cubs 9-3 Wednesday for a three-game sweep.
"I made pretty good pitches, but they got me," Maddux said. "You don't like to lose, especially like that."
The last-place Marlins posted their longest winning streak of the season. They also kept Maddux (5-4) winless in May after he got off to the best start of his career..
"I threw the ball where I wanted to and they still hit it," he said.
Borchard's homer capped the big inning against Maddux.
"It's pretty exciting," Borchard said. "It's not very often you can say something like that."
Brian Moehler (2-4) pitched seven effective innings. He had gone 14 starts in a row without a victory before winning two straight.
"He's throwing a lot more strikes, using the breaking ball effectively, getting ahead in the count and getting hitters to chase pitches," Marlins manager Joe Girardi said. "He's limiting his pitches, so he's stronger down the road. He's so much better and more efficient."
Cabrera homered, doubled, walked twice and drove in four runs. Dan Uggla, who scored three times, and Miguel Olivo each had three hits for the Marlins.
"Anytime you face a guy like Maddux it's something you'll remember the rest of your life," Uggla said. "You just want to get a good at-bat and put the ball in play and make him work."
After being staked to a 3-1 lead in the fourth inning, Maddux gave up five runs in the fifth after retiring the first two batters. Uggla hit an RBI triple, Mike Jacobs doubled him home and Maddux then intentionally walked Cabrera to get to Borchard.
Borchard, hitless in his previous 10 at-bats, hit a drive 430 feet into the right-center field bleachers.
"The guys had good at-bats," Girardi said. "Dan had a good at-bat, Jake (Jacobs) had a good at-bat, and it went down the line. That's how you win, you don't give at-bats away."
Cabrera hit his eighth home run of the season, connecting in the seventh off reliever Roberto Novoa.
"I made the decision there, it was Cabrera or Borchard," Cubs manager Dusty Baker said. "Cabrera is one of the top hitters around. And then (Maddux) just made a mistake, probably the only real mistake he made. ... Then Cabrera comes up the next time and hits a three-run home run off of Novoa. So you're damned you do, you're damned you don't.
The Cubs took the early lead when Aramis Ramirez hit a two-run triple and scored on Matt Murton's sacrifice fly.
Cabrera put the Marlins ahead in the first with an RBI double off the scoreboard with two outs.
"He is a Hall of Fame pitcher. I liked how we were patient with him," Cabrera said. "He is going to throw a lot of strikes and he likes to throw on both sides of the plate to you to make a good pitch. But these guys swung the bat very good today. I think that was the key for us."
Notes
- After Chicago's Jacque Jones bunted for a hit in the second inning, two Florida players failed trying to do the same thing. Jeremy Hermida was thrown out by catcher Michael Barrett and Olivo popped out to Barrett.
- Moehler went 0-for-2 at the plate, making him 0-for-19 this season and 3-for-86 in his career.
- Chicago manager Dusty Baker remained stuck at 1,114 career victories, one shy of Danny Murtaugh for 43rd on the all-time list.
- Maddux still needs one victory to catch Nolan Ryan and Don Sutton (324) for 13th on baseball s career list.- Court Business
- Clerk's Office
- Attorneys
- Jurors
- Representing Yourself
- Resources
- About the Court
- Jury Duty Scam (click here to find out more)
- Public Announcements
- United States Magistrate Judge Vacancy Notice and Application."Women's swimming: FGCU dominates first day of CCSA tournament
Florida Gulf Coast dominated the first day of the CCSA Conference Championships, finishing first in five out of six events and setting two tournament and school records.
The Eagles started the day with a second-place finish in the 200-yard freestyle relay, and Eva Lehtonen followed that up with a first-place finish in the 500 freestyle. Julie Leth-Espensen's time of 2:01.28 in the 200 IM set a new CCSA meet record, and also earned the freshman an NCAA "B" cut.
Svensson then won the 50 freestyle in 22.37, breaking the school record of 22.54 that she set just last year. Maegan Butler scored a 268.55 on the one-meter diving board for the Eagles' fourth first-place finish of the event. In the 400 medley relay, the final event of the day, the FGCU swimmers finished ahead of the pack with a new CCSA and FGCU record time of 3:40.88.
FGCU sits atop the leaderboard with 245 points. Liberty, in second place, is trailing the Eagles by 62.5 points. Competition begins again today at 10 a.m.
Need Help? Call us at 1-888-878-6842.
Monday-Friday: 6am-6pm / Saturday: 7am-3pm / Sunday: 7am-2pmApril 13, 2002
PROVIDENCE - Brown women's crews hardly broke a sweat in their Saturday races against an undermanned Rutgers squad on the Seekonk, winning every race by seven lengths or more in good rowing conditions.
All the races were run against an incoming tide and a 5-8 mile-an-hour headwind.
The pattern was the same in all the races. Brown crews got off in front at the start and steadily rowed away from their opponents. There was a restart in the first novice race but otherwise there were no problems.
"Our crews all rowed smoothly and handled it well,'' head coach John Murphy said, referring to the water conditions. "They did a good job of keeping their minds on their work.''
Murphy is expecting his varsity to be ranked No. 1 when next week's polls come out, but he is expecting tough opposition from perennially strong Boston University next Saturday afternoon on the Seekonk.
The times: Second novice eights: Brown 8:11.7, Rutgers, 8:36.6. First novice eights: Brown, 7:21.1, Rutgers, 8:02.4. Second varsity eights: Brown, 7:21.3, Rutgers, 8:00.3. Varsity eights: Brown, 6:52.4, Rutgers, 7:33.1Travis CU's Patsy Van Ouwerkerk to receive the Leo H. Shapiro Lifetime Achievement Award.
The former SCE Federal Credit Union Foundation in Irwindale, Calif., is now the Center for Financial Empowerment.
General Mills FCU in St. Paul, Minn., has designated the late Merlin J. Magnusson as a Credit Union Builder through the Minnesota Credit Union Foundation.
The Credit Union League of Connecticut recently held a charity golf tournament for its Financial Reality Fair Foundation.
It’s back to school season, and Virginia’s credit unions didn’t waste any time reaching out to their next members – students.
Agency collects more than 8,000 pounds of food in annual drive by federal agencies.
Pat Brekken of Richfield-Bloomington CU will continue as foundation chair.
Suncoast Schools foundation provides grant to provide food, shoes, other clothing and school supplies.
Lauretta Farrell replaces retired Beth Degnan at New Jersey credit union's charitable arm.
From East and West, Midwest and South, credit union people in the news.On Thu, Jun 10, 2010 at 11:55 AM, Jan Lentfer <Jan.Lentfer@web.de> wrote:Because what we have now is 3.5 (2004 or so). With 4.2 a lot of kernel structures need changes. I want to go all the way trough of course to the latest, but let's start with going half the way first :-)
I:
Nice work but is there a reason why you choose such an old PF version (OpenBSD 4.1 was release in may 2007)?>><<
Mediterranean Turkey and Eggplant Stir-Fry
onions, oregano, salt, eggplant, olive oil, tomato, feta cheese, +turkey, +garlic, +mint, +black pepper, +green pepper, +sugar - Similiar recipes
Vegetarian Moussaka
"This recipe always gets rave reviews from vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. Easy to make, but takes time. Serve with salad."
oregano, eggplant, feta cheese, olive oil, onions, salt, white vinegar, +black pepper, +butter, +eggs, +flour, +garlic, +milk, +nutmeg, +parmesan cheese, +potato, +zucchini
Baked Stuffed Baby Eggplant (Aubergine)
These are so nice, it brights up the meal, we served it broiled chicken and roasted potatoes.
eggplant, olive oil, feta cheese, oregano, onions, salt, tomato, +rice, +red pepper flakes, +basil, +garlic, +black pepper, +red pepper, +water chestnuts - Similiar recipes
Grilled Eggplant Moussaka
"What makes the difference in this traditional Greek recipe is the grilled, not fried, vegetables, including eggplant, potatoes and zucchini. It's a lighter...
eggplant, olive oil, feta cheese, onions, oregano, salt, tomato, +ground beef, +butter, +egg yolks, +flour, +milk, +nutmeg, +potato, +zucchini
Aubergine, Lamb And Rice Casserole Recipe
eggplant, olive oil, onions, tomato, oregano, feta cheese, salt, +lamb, +red pepper, +garlic, +thyme, +cinnamon, +cloves, +rice, +beef broth
cookeatshare.com - Similiar recipes
Eggplant, Lamb and Rice Casserole
eggplant, olive oil, onions, tomato, oregano, feta cheese, salt, +ground lamb, +red pepper, +garlic, +thyme, +cinnamon, +cloves, +rice, +beef broth - Similiar recipes
Mediterranean Stuffed Eggplant
eggplant, olive oil, onions, oregano, tomato, salt, feta cheese, +nonstick cooking spray, +red pepper, +green pepper, +white wine, +basil, +garlic, +zucchini, +summer squash, +black pepper, +panko, +parsley
find.myrecipes.com - Similiar recipes
Stuffed Eggplant
eggplant, olive oil, onions, salt, oregano, feta cheese, tomato, +mushroom, +basil, +thyme, +black pepper, +garlic, +rice, +cottage cheese, +cheddar cheese, +parsley, +hot sauce, +sunflower seed, +sesame seed, +paprika, +red pepper
recipe.aol.com - Similiar recipes
Greek Salad
very refreshing for the hot summer weather - Similiar recipes
Can't find what you are looking for? Try our custom google recipe search:
Custom Search
Ingredient Informationeggplantfeta cheesewhite vinegartomatoonionsolive oilsThere are many healthy, natural things you can do for systemic scleroderma.
1. The single most natural and healthy thing you can do is to avoid attacks of Raynaud's as much as possible.
Action Item Learn many ways to prevent Raynaud's and to restore circulation. Then respond to every attack of Raynaud's as if it were a medical emergency, because even one prolonged attack can lead to gangrene, and possibly even amputation.
2. The second most natural and healthy thing you can do, which will give you the greatest odds of living longer with systemic scleroderma, is to monitor your blood pressure at home every day or two .
One of the.
Action Item Print this page, and make a doctor's appointment to discuss blood pressure monitoring. Then follow through by making blood pressure monitoring a part of your daily routine. Odds are, your kidneys may never fail—but if they do, this simple measure may save your life and get you on the road to recovery quickly.
3. Learn the difference between good science and bad advice on our Internet Health Fraud page. Don't be a guinea pig for an unproven remedy that may jeopardize your health and finances. If you want to "experiment", ask your doctor about enrolling in scleroderma clinical.
More Than a Pill: Complementary Medicine Can Help with Chronic Pain. University of Missouri's study says various methods can complement, not compete with conventional medicine. University of Missouri-Columbia. 10/08/07. (Also see Pain).
Stress Management. How to Reduce, prevent, and Cope with Stress. Managing stress is all about taking charge: taking charge of your thoughts, your emotions, your schedule, your environment, and the way you deal with problems. HelpGuide.org.
Stress Relievers. 25 Ways to Reduce Stress. About.com.
Diet and Systemic Scleroderma. Systemic scleroderma patients should always consult their doctor(s), especially their rheumatologist, before using any vitamin or herbal remedies or making any significant changes in their diet. ISN.
Supplement Guide for Scleroderma.. ISN.
Look up each of your symptoms on the main Scleroderma Symptoms page to find many other ideas for natural and conventional treatments.
Herb May Offer Hope for Autoimmune Diseases. A compound derived from hydrangea root, an herb used in traditional Chinese medicine, halted the progression of an autoimmune disorder in laboratory mice and human cells, new research shows. ABC News. 06/05/09.
Chinese Treatments for Scleroderma Treatments include preparations of dried earthworms, beetles, scorpions and centipedes. TCM Hospital for Chronic and Difficult Diseases - Hunan Province, China.
Also see: ISN: Simplified Chinese Version by Jie Jackson
Hypnosis in the treatment of anxiety- and stress-related disorders.Self-hypnosis training represents a rapid, cost-effective, nonaddictive and safe alternative to medication for the treatment of anxiety-related conditions. Hammond DC. (PubMed) Expert Rev Neurother, 2010 Feb;10(2):263-73.
Mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) for chronic pain conditions: variation in treatment outcomes and role of home meditation practice. MBSR treatment effects on pain, health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and psychological well-being vary as a function of chronic pain condition and compliance with home meditation practice. Rosenzweig S. (PubMed) J Psychosom Res, 2010 Jan;68(1):29-36. (Also see Managing Pain)
Mindfulness meditation alleviates depressive symptoms in women with fibromyalgia: Results of a randomized clinical trial. Depressive symptoms improved significantly in treatment versus control participants over the 3 assessments. This meditation-based intervention alleviated depressive symptoms among patients with fibromyalgia. Wlley: Arthritis Care & Research Volume 57, Issue 1, Pages 77-85. (Also see Fibromyalgia)
A Positive Approach to Scleroderma by Dr. Andrew Weil. This is a respected source for information on alternative therapies. Dr. Weil.
Acupunture Acupuncture is not without risks. There have been some reports of lung and bladder punctures, some broken needles,. And some patients will suffer simply because they avoided a known effective treatment of modern medicine. The Skeptics Dictionary.
Alternative therapies for musculoskeletal conditions. The use of complementary and alternative medicine is complex and nuanced. Patterns of use of complementary and alternative medicine differ among racially and ethnically different groups. PubMed, Best Pract Res Clin Rheumatol. 2008 Jun;22(3):499-522.
Complementary and Alternative Medicine for Scleroderma. Excellent information on herbs, vitamins, acupuncture, massage therapy, and biofeedback. Aetna InteliHealth.
Scleroderma Symptoms and Treatments Look up each of your scleroderma symptoms here to find other ideas for conventional and natural ways to deal with them. ISN.
Twenty-Five Ways to Spot Quacks and Vitamin Pushers How can food quacks and other vitamin pushers be recognized? Here are 25 signs that should arouse suspicion. QuackWatch..Adele.
Can’t afford the Louboutin real deal? Check out these Replica Christian Louboutin Knock-offs for only $75.99 from Milanoo.
Can you tell the difference? For all we know, Adele may have only spent 2% of the couture price as well. She’s had bad luck with men (the inspiration for most of her songs), but she’s done alright with her choice of shoes!
Speak Your MindHi, Pat. First of all, we need to thank you for selling our house on time. Because it could solve our monthly mortgage payment problem. So thank you.
During these few months selling, we are happy to get along with you, the communication is good. We really like your warm, cheerful, generous personality, and your diligent, responsible, helpfulness spirit really touch me. Every time we meet, you always give me friendly regards and a big hug. Your brilliant smile makes me forget any trouble.
You had used 6 weeks weekend, over 10 days to open house. Not many people could do that. For helping us save money, you had paid by your own to buy the flooring tile and do the laundry room flooring by yourself. You also arrange the living room’s drapery by your own. Those really touch me.
Because of my last tenant owed the HOA some fine. But he move out already, now the HOA need me to pay off these penalize. When you know this happen, you call and email to the Management office right away, ask them to reduce a little bit amounts. But the HOA reject the complaint. So you had arranged a morning to go to the Management office with us together. Even though we still need to pay these fines. But when we think about your warmly help, we feel more calmly after all. Because this is not included in your work. But you still help us like this is your own problem.
I feel really touch, so we appreciate for all the helps you had done for us.
Thank you my dear real estate agent Pat Loya.- Guitars(99)
Results 1 - 20 of 99 matches
- $139.99Compare Compare Now site7prodH75956
- MSRP:
- $221.00 (save 37%)
- Seller$119.99 - $129.99Compare Compare Now site7prodH75955
- MSRP:
- $211.00 (save 38%)
- Top Seller$299.99Compare Compare Now site7prodH99689
- MSRP:
- $475.00 (save 37%)
- 2 Open Box:
- $215.99
-%)
- $799.99Compare Compare Now site7prodJ08508
- MSRP:
- $1,310.00 (save 39%)
- 2 Open Box:
- $703.99
- 36%)
- $129.99Compare Compare Now site7prodH88054
- MSRP:
- $256.95 (save 49%)
-%)
- 2 Open Box:
- $799
- Yamaha C40 Gigmaker Classical Acoustic Guitar Pack (Natural)
The all-in-one solution.$149.99Compare Compare Now site7prod510693
- MSRP:
- $252.00 (save 40%)
- Top Rated$899.99Compare Compare Now site7prodH75319
- MSRP:
- $1,360.00 (save 34%)
- 3 Open Box:
- $719.99
- Yamaha SLG130NW Classical Style Silent Guitar
True classical neck feel with superb sound through headphones or amplifiers.$659.99Compare Compare Now site7prodH71291
- MSRP:
- $1,075.00 (save 39%)
- 1 Open Box:
- $580.79
-%)
- 1 Open Box:
- $323.99
- $199.99Compare Compare Now site7prodH88057
- MSRP:
- $382.96 (save 48%)
-%)I love photo strips… but gone are the days of having to go to the county fair, sit in that tiny booth and wait for the countdown. Back then, if you wanted to send out this type of invite – you’d have to copy that one strip – over and over. Not any more! Print Studio is now offering a simple way to upload your own pictures and order them in ‘photo strip’ form, making sending out darling save-the-dates like below – an absolute breeze! Here is my take on how you could incorporate these nostalgic strips into your upcoming event – and guess what – we have FREE design downloads below!!!
SUPPLIES:
- 8.5″ x 11″ coverweight cardstock in your choice of 2 colors
- A9 size envelopes (with or without envelope liners)
- Photo strips from Print Studio
- cute washi tape
- Glue Dots
- twine
- paper trimmer
- scissors
- our FREE design downloads
The colors we are using here are: Night, Peacock, Bluebell and Mint from Paper Source.
Have a friend (or your photographer) take photos of you holding up signs reading “Save the Date + the date itself”. To make these cards, I used a gold metallic sharpie – that’s it!
Then upload them to Print Studio and order your photo strips! You get 9 for $10.
Free design download: Save the Date Invitation
Download and print our design above onto your choice of lighter colored 8.5″ x 11″ cardstock – then cut them out on the lines provided. 2 per page.
Cut your darker cardstock down to 5.5″ x 7.5″ – this is the card backing paper.
Next, align your lighter cardstock and photo strip just right against the card backing – to find out where to adhere your photo strip. ***Only adhere the photostrip to the lighter colored cardstock!
Then cut the photo strip down to the size of the lighter cardstock – making the card and strip look like it’s all one piece!
If you’d like you can round the edges of your cards…
Once you are happy with your card design, adhere the lighter card to the darker backing using your favorite scrapbooking adhesive – mine is Glue Dots.
Next, run a piece of cute washi tape in between the photo strip and card design.
If you’d like, tie a bit of twine around the finished card.
Super cute, totally simple and such a fun way to announce your wedding date!
The steps might seem like a lot, but once you get into it – you’ll see how easy it really is.
I went with a nautical theme because that’s my fav… but you can use any colors you’d like!
***CRAFTERS TIP: I had my color scheme in mind ahead of time and made sure to coordinate the color of our clothing and signs to match the invitations. You should do the same!
>>IMAGE + download: Jen | Something Turquoise // photo strips: Print Studio // 8.5" x 11" coverweight cardstock in (night and bluebell for the invitation), also used peacock (envelope too) and mint for the signs: Paper-Source // twine, washi tape, Glue Dots, corner chomper, scissors and paper trimmer: Michaels // nail polish: China Glaze - Too Yacht to HandleWe'd love to see your pictures of your family, friends, new baby, holiday feast - you get the idea - on this day to count our blessings. Send your photos to
with a brief caption.
PHOTOS: Thanksgiving 2012
Read or Share this story:
Join the Conversation
To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQsblack stretch linen 'Taylor' jacket
designer's notes
Modern women know the immeasurable value of having elegant pieces by Elie Tahari in their wardrobes.
details
color: Black Mid-weight stretch linen blend Notched lapel with single snap closure Dual front welt pockets Silk organza trim along placket and hem Removable organza belting along waist ¾ sleeve with folded cuff Fully lined Contemporary fit Shell: 70% Linen / 27% Viscose Rayon / 3% Elastane; Lining: 94% Polyester / 6% Elastane; Trim: 100% Silk; Dry Clean; Imported; style# 305813201Home > Company info > Privacy Policy;
4. To assist us in creating better products and services to meet your needs;
5. To allow you to download documents, obtain access to services or otherwise engage in activities you select; and
6. To help you quickly find software, services or product information important to you..
Despite these measures, whenever you provide personal information on the Internet, there is always a risk that it may be intercepted, PIONEER EUROPE NV.
At all time you may opt out for the sharing of your personal information with third parties. This can be done via the account page of our online registration area.
When you submit a product review, your nickname and country can be openly viewed by others. Depending on your Shared settings, which can be changed at any time via the account page of our online registration area, you also share your first name, photo, and links..
8. Changes to the privacy policy
Over time, we may opt to modify or update this policy either due to changes in legislation or in order to cover new internet developments. We therefore reserve the right to carry out any such changes and request that you visit this page regularly, as these changes may affect you as a visitor to our website.
9. Contact us
Should you have questions about this privacy policy, the privacy aspects of our products and services or would like to make a complaint, please contact :
PIONEER EUROPE NV
European Emarketing Division - Privacy Office
Haven 1087 - Keetberglaan 1
B - 9120 Melsele
Belgium
Tel +32 (0)3 570 511.
-
Global OnlineHot JobsIt is impossible to list every position available from LEAD’s 30<<
- Workshop to help military members, veterans enter workforce
27 Apr 2015
News release shared from UNT Health Science Center. Workshop to help military members, veterans enter workforce Drawing on 13 years of experience recruiting U.S. military veterans in the private sector, Steve Sosland will lead a free job search training workshop for active military members and veterans April 30 at UNT Health Science Center. Sosland, a […]READ MORE
- Getting Past the Computer: How to Optimize Your Resume for Online Recruitment Software
7 Nov 2014 […]READ MOREBRIDGEPORT >> A woman convicted of conspiring to entice her preteen daughter and niece into performing sex acts with former Waterbury Mayor Philip Giordano was sentenced Friday to time served for failing to register as a sex offender and violating the conditions of her release from prison.
The woman, who has been detained since her arrest a year ago, was sentenced in Bridgeport, the U.S. Attorney’s office and was also sentenced to 10 years in prison on state charges. She was released from jail in May 2010 and placed on supervised release.’s attorney, Richard Reeve, said the move to Florida was a good faith but misguided effort to steer her away from trouble in Waterbury and allow her to create a new productive life. He said she thrived in Florida and asked that she be spared further prison and receive mental health and substance abuse treatment.
“She was not a ‘sex offender’ or ‘the mother who let the mayor have sex with her kids’ or a ‘monster,”’ Reeve wrote in court papers, adding she was a woman people came to know, like and respect.
Prosecutors asked that she be sent to prison but acknowledged she was remorseful..
The woman, who federal authorities said was a prostitute and crack cocaine addict at the time of her arrest in 2001, moved back to Waterbury after her release and was forced to register as a sex offender because of her convictions, authorities said.
The woman has been living with a friend in Miramar, Florida, and returning to Connecticut only for probation officer appointments, which violates a condition that she not leave the state without permission from a judge or probation officer, authorities said. She also tested positive for cocaine use, prosecutors said.POC Helmets, Goggles, Protective Gear, and Accessories
POC is most well known for their protective equipment for skiing, especially ski racing including great helmets, goggles and body protection. You can also find great POC race suits which look great and function incredibly well. When it comes to skiing, POC has it figured out.
POC has put a lot of research into their Orbic Comp helmet and in doing so reinvented the traditional ski helmet. The POC Skull Orbic Comp added an additional VPD layer to the front of the helmet to ensure proper protection for the continuous hitting of gates. After testing, the POC Skull Orbic Comp reduced the transmitted energy from hitting gates by as much as 50%.
Ski racers love POC racing equipment, including the protective, comfortable and stylish POC race helmets to the protective gear, and we can’t forget the race suits and goggles. POC ski racing gear is some of the most well known in the industry and for good reason, it is built right.
POC ski helmets and goggles can be used interchangeably with other brands, but they work so well together we don’t know why you would want to. POC ski helmets and goggles are designed and engineered for optimal synchronization, together as one. The combination of a POC helmet and goggle leaves no gap between the helmet and goggles, and the goggle clip on the helmet will keep everything where it needs to be. Don’t mess around with gaper gap, find a great POC helmet and goggle combination from the great selection here at Skis.com today!Hydrodynamic Model Skill Assessment Software
A skill assessment software package has been designed to perform skill assessment for water levels, currents, temperature, and salinity for different model systems in both tidally dominated and non-tidal regions. The skill assessment statistics (see Table 1) are computed automatically using data files containing observed, nowcast, and forecast variables. The observations, such as verified water levels, currents at NOS Physical Oceanographic Real Time System (PORTS) stations, and tidal constituents, can be directly acquired via the Internet from a CO-OPS database. Different types of data are processed and the skill assessment results are listed in tables valid at the selected verification stations. The package’s processing routines include tidal prediction, harmonic analysis, gap filling, filtering (or singular value decomposition), and other methods. The routines also include ways of concatenating nowcast and forecast guidance, and in extracting extrema. This package can be run in Unix or Linux environments. All Fortran programs can be compiled using Fortran compilers, version 77, or above. Documentation of the skill assessment software is available which describes the analysis and programs in further detail and is available for download.
Table 1. Skill Assessment Statistics
Explanation
The mean value of a series y.
Calculated as
Root Mean Square Error
Calculated as
Standard Deviation
Calculated as
References
Hess, K. W., T. F. Gross, R. A. Schmalz, J. G. W. Kelley, F. Aikman, III, E. Wei, and M. S. Vincent, 2003: NOS standards for evaluating operational nowcast and forecast hydrodynamic model systems, NOAA Technical Report NOS CS 17, 47 pp.
Zhang, A-J., K.W. Hess, E. Wei, and E. Myers, 2006: Implementation of model skill assessment software for water level and current in tidal regions, NOAA Technical Report NOS CS 24, 61 pp.The following article was submitted by Belinda Watson, Tutor Doctor franchise owner.
Struggling academically or doing a little extra tutoring to bring up a grade-point.from pp holidayco.co.uk,. It's a great feeling to know at the start of a holiday that what you've paid is going to cover just about every expense you would normally have out there.
Or if there's a gang of you, how about looking into getting a self catering Tenerife villa, or a quality group package deal in Tenerife. The likes of Los Cristianos, Santa Cruz and Playa de las Americas have these kind of options by the bucket load, so get searching on here for your perfect deal.
And it's not all cocktails and partying here. Why not spend a morning wandering around La Laguna – declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO -- followed by an afternoon exploring the amazing modern architecture such as that of the Tenerife Auditorio? That's what's we love so much about quality Tenerife holidays: just what's available beyond the usual drinking and sunbathing.
With its sun-drenched, all-year good climate, it' also well worth looking into winter sun Tenerife holidays, or Easter holidays in Tenerife. Even in the depths of the coldest months here in the UK, Tenerife will still t-shirt weather – how nice does that sound?!
So whether it's a luxury fortnight in Tenerife or a last minute Tenerife getaway, we've got what you need – and at a price you'll love – here on holidayco.co.uk.
Est Flight Time: 4 Hrs 30 Mins
Currency: Euro
Language: Spanish
Time Difference: 0 HourRecently, I came across by chance a book first published in Philadelphia in 1853 which contains an account of what liberty consists in within a free society that I have found more lucid, elegant and illuminating than practically any other I have previously come across in what is now getting on for thirty years of serious thought and reading devoted to the subject.
Curiously, whenever I have mentioned the title of this book and the name of its author to others who I know to be similarly interested in such freedom and the character of societies that accord it to their members, none have been ever indicated their familiarity with either.
Accordingly, below I reproduce the explication that it gives of liberty, along with bibliographical details of the book and whereabouts within it the explication occurs, as well as links to the relevant pages in the electronic reproduction of the 1853 edition of it, freely available on the internet.
The book in question is Commentaries on the Laws of the Ancient Hebrews. Its author is E.C.Wines, a Presbyterian minister and one-time President of the City University of St Louis. The 1853 edition was published by George Putnam and Company.
Here is the explication of liberty which Wines gives in the book, along with details of the links to the pages where it occurs in the on-line 1853 edition within the Making of America digital library of primary sources in American social history primarily from the antebellum period through reconstruction:
True liberty consists in the security of persons and property, so that every man, while he respects the persons of others, and suffers them to enjoy in quietness the fruits of their industry, is certain that he himself will be permitted to enjoy the same blessings at the hands of his fellow-citizens… [T]o live in a state, where the laws are equal for all, where they are sure to be executed with moderation and fairness, is to be free. But that is a wretched servitude, call it by what name you will, — democracy or aristocracy, a republic or despotism – where the laws are partial, uncertain, fluctuating, and feebly and irregularly administered. (E.C. Wines, Commentaries, p. 364) one’s.” [Spirit of the Laws, Book ll, ch.3.] (E.C. Wines, Commentaries, pp. 398–399)
I believe this explication can shed much light on whether laws prohibiting the possession and sale of dangerous drugs, other than under medical prescription and with license to dispense them, infringe liberty, as I shall seek to show in a subsequent posting.
Was he cribbing from John Adams?
“It is a miserable servitude, whether you call it a republic or a despotism, where the law is uncertain and unknown.”
For the full context, see (Volume 1 of Adams’s “Defence of the Constitutions”)Stureplan Hotel
Hotel location
Hotel description Stureplan Hotel
Welcome to Hotel Stureplan:
- DinersClub
- Visa
- MasterCard
- AmericanExpressGood morning Doug,I'm Doug, as well, and I'm very sorry to hear of your situation. My goal is to provide you with excellent service today.If you are local to the court, you can go to the clerk of the Superior Court and they will assist you in getting a certified copy of the decree.If you are not local, you can write to the Superior Court Clerk's office in that county and ask them to pull your file and mail you a certified copy of your divorce decree.This will take some back and forth because they won't know the cost to charge until they see the length of the decree.Alternatively, you can contact a local private process server in the county, and they can go to the court, look up the file, and arrange to get a certified copy for you and then sent it to you overnight if you need it quickly.Here are several agencies who would be able to assist you:
Is there a way to do this online?
Is there a way to just view it online? I don't need an official).Learn about the issues in color control and proofing that printers face when producing ceramic decals with process-color separations.
The blue sky would probably exceed the gamut of this ceramic-color combination in both saturation and brightness. If you increase the percentages of magenta and cyan equally to boost the saturation, the sky will darken and appear stormy. If you decrease the cyan and magenta equally to preserve the brightness, the sky will appear more white and, thus, less "clear." If you move the hue of the sky closer to either magenta or cyan, you may be able to increase both the saturation and brightness. But an increase in cyan will make the sky appear more blue, as it would at midday, and an increase in magenta will move the sky toward the pinker cast of the morning sky.
Any of the previous compromises will limit the color range within the sky, thus reducing the sky's apparent depth and the perceived separation between the sky and the foreground. Additionally, the gentle transition in saturation of blue from a richer appearance in the upper sky to a paler appearance at the horizon may also be lost. In the end, the compromises you settle on will depend on what is happening in the rest of the image and what is important to the client. Pitfalls in proofing
<P>While it would be easier and more economical to resolve color-reproduction questions with clients by using some form of prepress proof, rather than a proof run on press, currently no accurate prepress color-proofing system exists for glass and ceramic decorators. Again, the problem stems from the limited gamut ceramic inks provided and the fact that fired and unfired colors appear quite different.
With conventional printing, the same film or digital separations used for production can be used to render accurate prepress proofs, and the process colors used for each layer of the proof can be closely matched on press for hue, saturation, and density. When proofing conventional prints, the typical workflow generally begins with the digital artwork, which is output to a contract proofing system. The proof print is then submitted to the client for approval. If the contract proof is rejected, adjustments to the original artwork can be made, and a new proof can be quickly generated and presented to the client.
Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to the magazine.63 Properties
Overview of Harvard
Harvard, Ill., is situated in the northeast corner of Illinois, approximately seven miles from the Illinois-Wisconsin border and has a population of roughly 9,400. People looking for Harvard apartments for rent will find a great place to raise a family with close proximity to a big city.
Living in Harvard, IL
In the 1850s, settlers platted a community in the area in hopes of attracting travelers on the Chicago and North Western Railway. The town's population grew with the age of the railroad and the area's fertile land helped Harvard become home to a thriving dairy industry. When urban sprawl occurred during the mid 1900s, Harvard opposed losing its small town roots, but still made way for shopping amenities and infrastructure improvements.
Harvard's popular industries today include manufacturing, construction and waste management services. People who want to start their own businesses find helpful information through the Harvard Chamber of Commerce. Residents with apartments in Harvard enjoy several area parks and access to sports complexes, athletic leagues and a relatively new aquatic center. They also have close proximity to several area hospitals and institutes of higher education.
Harvard Attractions and Special Events
Harvard's small town atmosphere lends itself to many community-oriented events. The town's most popular event is one of the longest running festivals in the state. Harvard Milk Days has been held annually since 1942 because the town was "the Milk Center of the World." The tradition continues to evolve and draws people of all ages for a parade, carnival, fireworks, petting zoo, contests and entertainment. Other programs residents look forward to include an annual golf outing, annual steak fry, a lady's night out and holiday events.
When people want the feel of a bigger city, they can drive or travel by Metra train to Chicago and enjoy all it has to offer.
If you are looking for an apartment for rent or a house rental in Harvard search for rental properties at Rent.com®.
17
Harvard, IL 60033
$595 - $985
0-3 Beds 1-2 Baths
Harvard, IL
$595 - $985
242 Units 0-3 Beds 1-2 Baths
10
Harvard, IL 60033
$820 - $870
2 Beds 1 Bath
Harvard, IL
$820 - $870
77 Units 2 Beds 1 Bath
20
Lakemoor, IL 60051
$965 - $1710
1-2 Beds 1-2 Baths
Lakemoor, IL
$965 - $1710
496 Units 1-2 Beds 1-2 Baths
19
Rockford, IL 61114
$1130 - $1365
2-3 Beds 2 Baths
Rockford, IL (East Rockford, Spring Creek)
$1130 - $1365
72 Units 2-3 Beds 2 Baths
28
Lake Geneva, WI 53147
$1299
2 Beds 2 Baths
Lake Geneva, WI
$1299
96 Units 2 Beds 2 Baths
25
Fox Lake, IL 60020
$818 - $975
1-2 Beds 1 Bath
Fox Lake, IL
$818 - $975
105 Units 1-2 Beds 1 Bath
6
Whitewater, WI 53190
$1250 - $1375
3 Beds 2 Baths
Whitewater, WI
$1250 - $1375
28 Units 3 Beds 2 Baths
11
Clinton, WI 53525
$779 - $829
2 Beds 2 Baths
Clinton, WI
$779 - $829
60 Units 2 Beds 2 Baths
2
Woodstock, IL 60098
$695 - $825
0-2 Beds 1 Bath
Woodstock, IL
$695 - $825
102 Units 0-2 Beds 1 Bath
5
Whitewater, WI 53190
$785 - $1115
1-3 Beds 1-2 Baths
Whitewater, WI
$785 - $1115
48 Units 1-3 Beds 1-2 Baths
10
Antioch, IL 60002
$860 - $880
2 Beds 1 Bath
Antioch, IL
$860 - $880
96 Units 2 Beds 1 Bath
11
Elgin, IL 60120
$773 - $965
1-2 Beds 1 Bath
Elgin, IL
$773 - $965
184 Units 1-2 Beds 1 Bath
20
Lake Geneva, WI 53147
$875 - $900
2 Beds 1 Bath
Lake Geneva, WI
$875 - $900
108 Units 2 Beds 1 Bath
10
Sharon, WI 53585
$499 - $650
1-2 Beds 1-2 Baths
Sharon, WI
$499 - $650
160 Units 1-2 Beds 1-2 Baths
21
Richmond, IL 60071
$745 - $995
1-2 Beds 1-2 Baths
Richmond, IL
$745 - $995
198 Units 1-2 Beds 1-2 Baths
7
Beloit, WI 53511
$750 - $1025
1-3 Beds 1-2 Baths
Beloit, WI
$750 - $1025
192 Units 1-3 Beds 1-2 Baths
18
Lake Villa, IL 60046
$899 - $1055
1-2 Beds 1-2 Baths
Lake Villa, IL
$899 - $1055
108 Units 1-2 Beds 1-2 Baths
3
Beloit, WI 53511
$560 - $690
1-2 Beds 1 Bath
Beloit, WI
$560 - $690
48 Units 1-2 Beds 1 Bath
5
Janesville, WI 53546
$720 - $730
2 Beds 1 Bath
Janesville, WI
$720 - $730
56 Units 2 Beds 1 Bath
42
Janesville, WI 53545
$605 - $950
1-2 Beds 1 Bath
Janesville, WI
$605 - $950
55 Units 1-2 Beds 1 Bath
Sponsored Links Free quotes from up to six moving companies- .
1. Introduction
Sarcomas are very rare tumours and comprise approximately 1% of all newly diagnosed cancers [1]. The incidence is around 6 per 100,000 and has been rather constant during the last many years [2]. Liposarcomas are the second most frequent type of soft tissue sarcoma (STS), comprising 15–20% of all STS [3], and 30% of all liposarcomas are of the myxoid or myxoid round cell liposarcoma subtype [4, 5]. Originally, the myxoid and round cell liposarcomas (RCLS) were looked upon as two different histological subtypes but are now considered to represent a continuum of the same type, and the occurrence of areas with round cells is well known to be a poor prognostic factor [4].
STS has a tendency to, for most of the histological types, to metastasise haematogenously to the lungs whereas metastases to lymph nodes are uncommon [6]. Therefore, most guidelines recommend X-ray or computed tomography (CT scan) of the chest as the preferred method for evaluation of metastatic disease in the postoperative follow-up period [7–9]. Previously published studies have shown that the metastatic pattern in liposarcoma and especially myxoid liposarcoma (MLS) also includes extrapulmonary sites [10–18].
The purpose of this study was to evaluate the metastatic pattern, local relapse, and survival of patients with the classical subtype of MLS with none or few round cell areas.
2. Patients and Methods
Patients treated for a sarcoma with the histological diagnosis of MLS (only the classical type without or below 5% of round cells areas) in two Danish sarcoma-centers (the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Rigshospitalet, Copenhagen University Hospital, and the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery, Aarhus University Hospital) during the period from January 1, 1995 to December 31, 2004, were included in the study. In Copenhagen, the patients () were identified using the local pathology database, and in Aarhus the patients were identified using the local clinical sarcoma database (). We excluded five of the patients from the Copenhagen material because the diagnosis of MLS was already present before January 1, 1995 (), the patient was never examined or treated at the Department of Orthopaedic Surgery (), and the final diagnosis was not an MLS (). Thus, a total of 45 patients (female/male = 27/18, mean age 49 years (range 17–85 years)) were left for the study with 18 patients diagnosed and initially treated in the period 1995–1999 and 27 patients in the period 2000–2004.
The anatomical location of the tumours was the thigh (), below knee or foot (), gluteal region or hip (), shoulder or upper extremity (), knee (), chest wall/neck (), and abdominal wall (). Thirty-eight patients had deep seated and 7 had superficial tumours. Information regarding tumour size (largest diameter) was available in 43 patients (measured by the pathologist ()), from preoperative magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) () or a preoperative ultrasound examination ()) and the mean size was 11.8 cm (range 2.0 cm–34.0 cm). With the exception of one patient, all had surgical removal of the tumour as the initial treatment. The surgical margins obtained, evaluated according to Enneking’s classification [19], was wide (), marginal (), intralesional (), or radical (). Nineteen patients were treated solely with surgery, while the remaining 25 patients were treated with surgery combined with external radiation therapy (), brachytherapy followed by external radiation therapy (), or chemotherapy (). In one patient, information regarding additional treatment was not available. All patients were followed routinely by clinical examination and X-ray or CT scan of the chest. If local recurrence was suspected or if the clinical examination for local recurrence was difficult due to, for example, complications from radiation therapy, an MRI was performed. Distant metastases were detected if visible on CT or X-ray of the chest or from relevant additional examinations performed because of symptomatic metastases. If a local recurrence or distant metastases were detected a new follow-up period was started after the treatment was completed.
2.1. Data and Statistics
We performed a retrospective review of the patients’ files and collected data of demographics, anatomical localization of tumour including depth, histological description of tumour (histology, classification, surgical margin, and tumour size), imaging results from PET/CT, MRI, X-ray of chest and CT of chest, ultrasound scan, and bone scintigraphy performed at the initial workup and afterwards during clinical followup, which lasted a mean of 5.8 years (range: 0.1–15.8) for all patients (). Mean clinical followup for patients that had died () or were still alive () was, respectively, 3.4 years (range, 0.1–11.6) and 6.7 years (range, 3.0–15.8).
For evaluation of the metastatic pattern, local relapse, and survival, the routine case report was used, and the first distant metastasis and first local relapse was verified by the collected data of histology, diagnostic imaging at the time of diagnosis and during the followup. Data for patients’ survival was obtained from the Danish Centralised Civil Register on June 1, 2011, and gave a mean time of followup for survival data of 4.7 years (range: 0.1–11.8) or 10.3 years (range: 6.6–15.8) for the patients that died during the followup () or were still alive (), respectively, and the mean time of follow-up for all patients was 8.5 years (range: 0.1–15.8).
SPSS version 19.0 for Windows and Microsoft Excel version 2007 were used. Descriptive data are presented as mean and total range. The Kaplan-Meier survival analysis was used to determine the probability of 5- and 10-year overall survival, distant metastases-free survival, and local relapse-free survival after the primary diagnosis. In addition, the mean survival with 95% confidence interval (95%-CI) was calculated, and for comparison of overall survival between subgroups, logrank test was performed. For the calculation of overall survival, all deaths (regardless of the course of death) were considered an event in the survival analysis and the patients were censored at the end of followup (June 1, 2011). The event in calculation of distant metastases-free survival was occurrence of a distant metastasis, and the patients were censored if they had died or at the end of the followup (June 1, 2011). The event in calculation of local relapse-free survival was local relapse and the patients were censored if they died or at the end of the followup (June 1, 2011).
For evaluation of the influence of various clinical parameters on survival, the following subgroups were created: ± MLS distant metastases, ± local recurrence, 48 years ≥ age > 48 years, tumour depth (deep versus subcutaneous), tumour size (8 cm ≥ largest diameter > 8 cm), and surgical margin (radical or wide versus marginal or intralesional).
3. Results
3.1. Distant Metastases and Survival
During the followup we found that 7 of 45 (16%) patients had or developed distant metastases on average 2.5 years (range, 0.0–11.9 years) after the primary diagnosis, and the mean followup of patients without metastases was 9.4 years (range, 0.1–15.2 years). All metastases were extrapulmonary and no patients had regular pulmonary metastases (Figure 1). In two of the 7 patients, the metastases were present at the time of initial diagnosis. The precise anatomical localisation of the metastases in the 7 patients is shown in Table 1. Moreover, distant MLS metastases were suspected in three additional patients: two patients developed metastases of, respectively, the lungs and of the spine and the liver from other cancers (malignant melanoma and breast cancer) during the followup, and in one patient a weak suspicion of bone metastases from bone scintigraphy and CT scan of pelvis could not be verified. The primary tumour in patients with metastases was in all cases deep seated and located at the thigh (), knee (), foot (), and chest wall ().
Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that both the 5- and 10-year distant metastases-free survival could be estimated to 86% (Figure 2(b)) and the mean metastases-free survival was 13.3 years (95%-CI, 11.6–15.0 years). Fifteen (33%) patients died during the followup and a Kaplan-Meier survival analysis estimated that the 5- and 10-year overall survival was 80% and 69%, respectively (Figure 2(a)); the mean survival was 11.6 years (95%-CI, 9.9–13.3 years).
When performing subgroup analysis evaluating the influence of various clinical parameters (distant metastases, local recurrence, age, tumour depth, tumour size, and surgical margin) on survival, the only significant parameter was distant MLS metastases (Figure 3). Mean survival in patients with () and without () distant MLS metastases was 4.4 (95% CI, 1.3–7.5 years) and 12.8 years (95% CI, 11.2–14.5 years), respectively.
3.2. Local Recurrence
We found that 8 of 45 (18%) patients developed a local recurrence on average 2.5 years (range, 0.3–7.7 years) postoperatively. The followup of the 37 patients without local recurrence was on average 8.8 years (range, 0.1–15.2 years) after the primary diagnosis. The anatomical locations where local recurrences occurred was on the shoulder (), forearm (), abdomen/lumbar region (), buttock (), thigh (), knee (), and foot (). Kaplan-Meier’s survival analysis estimated the 5- and 10-year local relapse-free survival to 83% and 80%, respectively (Figure 2(c)), and the mean survival was 13.3 years (95% CI, 11.7–15.0 years).
4. Discussion
We analysed 45 patients with MLS and found distant metastases in 7 (16%) patients. Compared to what is seen in STS in general, this is an unusual metastatic pattern, since all metastases occurred at extrapulmonary sites. However, a very similar anatomic metastatic distribution pattern as that seen in the present study has also been observed in other studies evaluating the results after treatment of patients with MLS [10–18].
Some of the previous studies also focused on the occurrence of round cells in the tumours, and in patients with tumours containing more than 5% of round cell areas, a significantly higher tendency towards distant metastases was found [10, 16, 17]. However, the distribution of the anatomic location of the distant metastases in these tumours was also mainly extrapulmonary [10, 16, 17], confirming the theory that the pure MLS and RCLS is now considered to represent a continuum of the same type, with the occurrence of areas with round cells considered to be a poor prognostic factor [4].
In the previously published studies [10–18], when focusing on tumours with pure myxoid histology or with no more than 5% round cell areas, the frequency of distant metastases varied from 5% to 32%. In our study, the percentage of patients suffering from distant metastases of 16% was close to the average value of previously published studies. The great variation in the percentage of patients suffering from distant metastases between studies could be explained by a significantly different length of followup and small sample sizes.
If we focus on when distant metastases were diagnosed in the present study, we found that two patients had metastases at the time of diagnosis, while metastases occurred within 2.5 years after primary diagnosis in four patients, and after 11.9 years in one patient. All previously published studies [10, 12–15, 20] found as in the present study, that the majority of the first metastases occurred within the first 5 years after the diagnosis, but late occurrence of the first metastasis beyond 5 years was not unusual.
In the present study, 15 (33%) patients died during followup, and the Kaplan-Meier survival analysis estimated a 5- and 10-year overall survival of 80% and 69%, respectively. Our results are consistent with four previously published studies reporting survival data as overall survival [11, 13–15, 18]. Our subgroup analysis evaluating the influence of various clinical parameters on survival showed that only the occurrence of MLS distant metastases significantly influenced survival. This was not a surprising finding, and it was confirmed by Spillane et al. [13]. However, when subgroups are as small as in the present study (and in most other studies evaluating MLS) the results of this kind of analysis should be interpreted with caution.
Trovik [21] reported the local recurrence rate in a large material of various types of STS located in the extremities or trunk wall, originating from the Scandinavian Sarcoma Group Register (). In a subgroup of these patients () treated at a sarcoma centre, the local recurrence rate was 17%. We found that 8 of 45 (18%) patients developed a local recurrence after on average 2.5 years. Our local recurrence rate thus was on the same level as seen in STS in general [21], and in previously published papers evaluating the local recurrence rate after surgical treatment of MLS [10, 11, 13, 15, 18]. If we focus on when local recurrence after surgically removed MLS occurred, six patients had the first noted local recurrence within three years (range, 0.3–2.8 years), while one patient had the first local recurrence as late as 7.7 years postoperatively. In some of the previously published studies [10, 15], late local recurrence far beyond 5 years postoperatively was seen.
5. Conclusion
We analysed 45 patients with MLS and found that 7 (16%) patients developed metastases. In all patients, the first metastatic lesion was extrapulmonary and in one case the first metastatic lesion occurred beyond 10 years postoperatively. Fifteen (33%) patients died during followup and the Kaplan-Meier survival analysis estimated a 5- and 10-years overall survival of 80% and 69%, respectively. We found that 8 (18%) patients developed a local recurrence after on average 2.5 years postoperatively, but a first local recurrence as late as 7.7 years postoperatively was seen in a single patient.
Based upon the findings of this study and our review of the literature, we recommend that in patients treated for MLS of the classical type, with no or few round cells, diagnostic imaging including both the lungs and abdomen/retroperitoneum (e.g., CT of thorax and abdomen) should be performed as a part of the postoperative control. It should be considered to extend the followup beyond five years postoperatively.
References
- C. D. M. Fletcher, A. Rydholm, S. Singer, M. Sundaram, and J. M. Coindre, “Soft tissue tumours: epidemiology, clinical features, histopathological typing and grading,” in WHO Classification of Tumours. Pathology and Genetics of Soft Tissue and Bone, C. D. M. Fletcher, K. K. Unni, and F. Mertens, Eds., pp. 12–18, IARC Press, Lyon, France, 2002. e20294, 2011.
- C. Antonescu and M. Ladanyi, “Myxoid liposarcomaeds,” in World Health Organisation of Tumours. Pathology and Genetics of Tumours of Soft Tissue and Bone, C. D. M. Fletcher, K. K. Unni, and F. Mertens, Eds., pp. 40–43, IARC Press, Lyon, France, 2002. View at Google Scholar
- K. Engström, “Clinical and molecular studies of liposarcoma,” Acta Orthopaedica, vol. 80, supplement 334, pp. 24–30, 2009. View at Google Scholar
- K. M. Skubitz and D. R. D'Adamo, “Sarcoma,” Mayo Clinic Proceedings, vol. 82, no. 11, pp. 1409–1432, 2007.
- R. Grimer, I. Judson, D. Peake, and B. Seddon, “Guidelines for the management of soft tissue sarcomas,” Sarcoma, vol. 2010, Article ID 506182, 2010. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- S. Sinha and A. H. S. Peach, “Diagnosis and management of soft tissue sarcoma,” BMJ, vol. 341, article c7170, 2010.
- D. B. Pearlstone, P. W. Pisters, R. J. Bold et al., “Patterns of recurrence in extremity liposarcoma: implications for staging and follow-up,” Cancer, vol. 85, pp. 85–92, 1999. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
-
- B. A. Guadagnolo, G. K. Zagars, M. T. Ballo et al., “Excellent local control rates and distinctive patterns of failure in myxoid liposarcoma treated with conservation surgery and radiotherapy,” International Journal of Radiation Oncology Biology Physics, vol. 70, no. 3, pp. 760–765, 2008. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar Scopus
- J. Haniball, V. P. Sumathi, L.-G. Kindblom et al., “Prognostic factors and metastatic patterns in primary myxoid/round-cell liposarcoma,” Sarcoma, vol. 2011, Article ID 538085, 2011. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- N. Asano, M. Susa, S. Hosaka et al., “Metastatic patterns of myxoid/round cell liposarcoma: a review of a 25-year experience,” Sarcoma, vol. 2012, Article ID 345161, 2012. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar
- Y. Nishida, S. Tsukushi, H. Nakashima, and N. Ishiguro, “Clinicopathologic prognostic factors of pure myxoid liposarcoma of the extremities and trunk wall,” Clinical Orthopaedics and Related Research, vol. 468, no. 11, pp. 3041–3046, 2010. View at Publisher · View at Google Scholar · View at Scopus
- Scopus
- C. S. Trovik, “Local recurrence of soft tissue sarcoma: a Scandinavian sarcoma group project,” Acta Orthopaedica Scandinavica, vol. 72, supplement 300, pp. 1–31, 2001. View at Google Scholar · View at ScopusChairman Warner, Senator Baucus, members of the Committee, thank you very much for the opportunity to offer the trucking industry's perspective on replacement of the Woodrow Wilson Bridge. Thanks in large part to Chairman Warner's leadership, the National Highway System Designation Act began the process of Federal funding for the bridge. As we move into the next phase, we hope that this Committee will reaffirm the vital national interest in timely replacement of the bridge and the importance of a strong Federal commitment to that effort.
The American Trucking Associations (ATA) is extremely concerned that a replacement for the Woodrow Wilson Bridge over the Potomac River is completed in a timely manner. We believe that four principles should guide this process:
First, given the critical role of Interstate 95 to commerce and the quality of life of a large proportion of our nation's population, and the fact that the Wilson Bridge is owned by the Federal government, the Federal share for construction of a replacement structure should fully fund the costs.
Second, tolls should not be utilized as a funding mechanism for construction of the bridge. A toll barrier would reduce safety, increase traffic congestion, reduce air quality, and raise freight delivery costs for the East Coast.
Third, the bridge design should provide sufficient future capacity based on traffic projections, while minimizing the footprint and the impact on local communities to the greatest extent possible.
Fourth, extending authorizations over a number of years and phasing construction would ease the impact on limited transportation budgets.
II. ATA's Interest in the Woodrow Wilson Bridge Replacement
ATA is the national trade association of the trucking industry. We are a federation of over 36,000 member companies and represent an industry that employs over nine million people, providing one out of every ten civilian jobs. ATA's membership includes nearly 4,200 carriers, affiliated associations in every state, and 13 specialized national associations. Together, ATA represents every type and class of motor carrier in the country
ATA has a dual interest in the Wilson Bridge project. As the national representative of the trucking industry, we are naturally concerned about our industry's ability to continue to serve its customers safely and efficiently. As a landowner, with our Alexandria, Virginia headquarters building adjacent to the Capital Beltway and within sight of the Wilson Bridge, we are also looking very closely at the impact of construction - or alternatively non-construction - of the bridge replacement on our property and the more than 400 people who work there.
III. The Impact of Delay
If recent trends continue, total miles travelled in the United States will increase 20% by the end of the century. Both the total number of miles driven by trucks, and the total volume of ton-miles will grow 29% by 2004. The Washington metropolitan area will see its share of traffic increases. Seventy-one percent of freight in the Washington metropolitan area is moved by truck and many locations are served exclusively by truck. Between 1990 and 2020 total average truck miles in the metropolitan area will increase from 6.3 million to 12 million per day, a growth of 92%.
Already the second most congested city in the nation, the consequences for Washington of not replacing the Wilson Bridge in the next very few years are very serious. It has been estimated that the current bridge could be posted for weight in as little as five years, and could be closed to all traffic within eight years. Load posting would result in buses, recreational vehicles, and trucks being rerouted. Diversion of these vehicles from the bridge would put tremendous added pressure on alternate routes that are already overburdened, including the western part of the Beltway, Route 301 in Maryland, other Potomac River crossings, and I-395. The potential impact on congestion and the environment of diverting over 17,000 trucks daily to roads that already exceed capacity part of each day is very serious.
Approximately 80 percent of Wilson Bridge truck traffic serves communities along the I-95 corridor between Richmond and Baltimore. About 65 percent of trucks crossing the Wilson Bridge serve customers in the immediate Washington metropolitan area. Two sectors of the economy especially important to the Washington metro region would see significant consequences. The area's two largest supermarket chains - Giant Food and Safeway - both have distribution centers in Landover, Maryland. Presently, their trucks use the Wilson Bridge to move groceries and other products from their distribution centers to all of their stores south of the Wilson Bridge. If trucks are diverted from the bridge, it would force these supermarket chains to drive their trucks up to 60 miles out of their way in order to supply their Virginia stores. Giant Food estimates that over 200 of their tractor-trailers cross the bridge every day to supply their stores. In addition, hundreds of Giant's suppliers use the bridge. Giant considers the Wilson Bridge to be their "corporate lifeline". The additional costs incurred from driving the extra miles would translate into higher prices for consumers at the checkout counter. For both companies, the added mileage would induce more congestion and air pollution effects.
A ban on using the bridge would be particularly troublesome with respect to trucks carrying home heating fuel or gasoline. Many trucks transporting petroleum products from the pipeline transfer facility in Newington, Virginia, now use I-95 and the Wilson Bridge to make deliveries to southern Maryland. If they could not use the Wilson Bridge, the trucks would have to be rerouted many miles out of their way, increasing their accident exposure. Diversion would also add to the cost of petroleum products to residents and businesses in southern Maryland who are served by the Newington facility.
While Washington area residents would certainly bear the brunt of truck traffic diversion, the effects would be felt along the Eastern seaboard and throughout the nation. As the most important freight artery on the East coast, I-95 is absolutely essential to the safe and efficient delivery of goods. The "Beltway Barricade" that would be created as a result of traffic diversion or bridge closure would increase the costs to shippers who rely on the Capital Beltway portion of I-95 for their deliveries. The potential costs are tremendous. Over $47 billion worth of freight moves between Virginia and East Coast states north of Washington, D.C. each year. Pennsylvania shipments to and from East Coast states south of Washington exceed $31 billion annually. Much of this traffic moves on I-95. East coast manufacturers would be put at a competitive disadvantage and consumer prices would rise if I-95 could no longer be counted on as an efficient delivery route.
IV. Fully Fund the Bridge
ATA recognizes that there are limited resources available for national highway priorities. However, we believe that the Wilson Bridge replacement is a unique situation that makes it a vital national concern deserving of full Federal funding.
The Wilson Bridge is the only Interstate System bridge owned by the Federal government. As such, the Federal government is responsible for the structural and functional integrity of the bridge. Furthermore, other Federally owned roads that serve the nation's capital, such as the George Washington Memorial Parkway and the Baltimore-Washington Parkway, receive special funding out of the Federal Lands Program in recognition of their Federal ownership status.
Finally, it is unrealistic to expect Maryland and Virginia to bear the brunt of the project's cost out of regular apportionments. If they were they required to, the states would not be able to address their many other essential transportation concerns. Replacement of the bridge has national consequences, and a national commitment is thus needed to ensure that the safety and efficiency of the I-95 corridor is not jeopardized.
V. No Tolls
ATA is also very concerned about the effects of tolls, which would likely be necessary absent sufficient Federal funding. The Wilson Bridge segment of the Beltway is already the highway's most dangerous due to tremendous daily congestion. This is one of the reasons for the urgency behind construction of a replacement. It would be ironic to replace a bridge to reduce congestion and the associated accidents only to erect a toll barrier that would continue and perhaps aggravate these problems. Some suggest that automated toll collection methods would cut down on congestion. However, even under the most ideal circumstances these methods have not fully addressed the problem. For example, the Dulles Toll Road in Northern Virginia has a high proportion of commuter traffic - motorists one would expect to take advantage of automated collection. Yet severe backups to the toll plazas are routine. The Wilson Bridge serves far fewer commuters; therefore, the number of people who take advantage of automated collection would be even more limited.
Forcing traffic to come to a stop on a free-flowing highway is inherently dangerous. Furthermore, inevitably some motorists will avoid the toll by taking alternative routes - including through residential neighborhoods - which would increase traffic and accident exposure on these roads.
On average, user taxes already comprise more than 20% of a truck's operating costs. A new toll would add to this burden, as would the reduced productivity associated with lost time due to increased congestion. The additional costs would be passed on to shippers, and ultimately, to consumers.
As an Alexandria stakeholder, we have a concern because one of the possible locations of the toll facility is adjacent to our property. It would take part of our property and significantly diminish our working environment. Construction delays would increase traffic on both local roads and the Beltway. This would affect the ability of our employees to safely commute to and from work, reduce our productivity, and diminish our overall quality of life.
VI. Maximum Capacity with Minimum Footprint
Like many other Alexandria residents, we are concerned about the impact of construction on our community. We hope that any design adopted will take into consideration both the practical aspects of moving traffic through and around Alexandria and the impacts of the project on the community. Therefore, we encourage the development of a bridge design which will minimize the project's footprint and consequences for residents' quality of life, and provide sufficient capacity to accommodate anticipated traffic increases.
The replacement bridge must be designed to accommodate the significant increases in traffic that is anticipated over the next two decades. Current travel demand forecasts indicate that by the year 2020 approximately 300,000 vehicles will cross the bridge each day, compared with the 160,000 that currently use the bridge. It would be unwise to build a bridge that saddles the next generation with the same difficulties experienced today. It would be equally unwise to design a bridge that unnecessarily spoils the unique charm and the community spirit of surrounding neighborhoods. We believe that a balance must and can be achieved.
The Wilson Bridge Coordinating Committee has recommended a general design that has twelve lanes and is about 250 feet wide. ATA believes that the structure can be narrowed without reducing capacity or compromising safety. This would lessen the impact on communities and lower the project costs. The Committee's recommended alternative also includes extensive, highly complex interchanges. These interchanges can be simplified without significant negative consequences.
VII. Extended Authorization Period and Phased Construction
We recognize that this project is expensive it would be difficult to squeeze both the project and the authorizations into a five-year period. The entire project can be completed in up to ten years. Authorizations could be made over the same time period.
While the most vital aspects of the project must be completed by 2002 to avoid closure or weight-posting, construction on other phases of the project, such as the HOV interchanges, could be delayed a number of years. Even those phases of immediate concern need not be paid for until after construction is completed, provided Congress and the Administration authorize grant anticipation notes.
VIII. Conclusions
Washington, D.C. is already the second most congested city in the nation, and the area's traffic woes affect the ability of trucking companies to safely and efficiently serve their customers nationwide. Replacing the existing Federal bridge before these problems are severely exacerbated ought to be a national imperative. As the owner of the Wilson Bridge, the Federal government is responsible for avoiding the congestion, safety, and environmental calamity of load-posting or closing the bridge, or erecting a toll barrier. The most effective and fair means for achieving these objectives is to provide full funding for the project. For the Federal share of the financing, arrangements that do not include tolls are available to lessen the impact on other transportation needs.Injohnson Precision Industrial Co., Ltd. professionally manufactures a wide range of magnets, oil seals,.<<
Wise in Love Owl Keychain
$7.95
One of our favorites!
Golden Gem Short Sleeve Tunic
From $21.99
On Sale!
Ultralite™ Doodle Art Rain Boots
$39.95
Buy a Pair, Give a Pair!
Buy a Pair, Give a Pair!
Operation Sandwich - Fight Hunger in America
From $2.00
Summer Sorbet Tie Dye Tunic
$29.95
Reduce Stress and Fear in Shelter Animals
From $1.00
Tree of Life Heart Necklace
From $14.95
Save An Acre of Rainforest for Sumatran Wildlife
From $3.41
DONATIONS WILL BE MATCHED!
Neon Owl Solar Garden Stake
From $14.00
Special Value!
Save Koalas Injured in Bushfires
From $5.00
$6.95
Recycled Motherboard Christmas Goodies Ornament
$1.80
Outlet!
$14.95
$29.95
$2.80
Outlet!
Help Save Wolves in the American West!
From $5.00
From $3.00
Special Value!
$7.80
Outlet!
$19.95
Handmade Pine Needle Star Trivet
From $8.95
Handmade Turquoise Earrings
$12.95
Bangladesh Recycled Glass Earrings
From $5.99
On Sale!
$28.95
Believe Dragonfly Measuring Spoons
From $7.00
Special Value!
Recycled Magazine Healing Hearts Bracelet
From $10.00_26<<
Midnight Dragonfly Salad Plate
From $8.95
Lucky Amethyst Sterling Ring
$26.95
Butterfly Bliss Hooded Jacket
From $34.00
On Sale!
Peace Signs Galore Neoprene Laptop Sleeve
$2.80
Outlet!
Diagonal Rays Stonewashed Short Sleeve Tee
From $34.95
Gives $5 To Nepal
Men's Beach Treader Water Shoes
$2.80
Outlet!
Social Butterfly Coin Purse
$5.00
New Lower Price!
Care for Two Rescued Rabbits
From $1.00
From $19.99
On Sale!
From $8.99
On Sale!
From $31.99
On Sale!
From $6.00
Special Value!
Super Cozy™ Blanket - Cat
From $14.00
Special Value!
$26.95
One of our favorites!
From $14.99
On Sale!
$9.95
Orphaned Baby Elephants Emergency
From $18.00
Dichroic Glass Tree of Life Necklace
From $29.95
Help Shelter Cats Feel Safe
From $1.00
From $9.99
On Sale!
$28.95
Happy Holiday Animal Socks
From $4.95Last Updated: November 12, 2014
Wow. After languishing for years without many updates, this page has become popular over the last couple of weeks due to the potential release of The Master in 70mm. Please send any updates and I will add them ASAP. Let's help to get this released in 70mm! As a reminder, this is for 5-perf 70mm locations only. Not Imax. Not 8/70..)rebalancing your portfolio
Kym Leo
Most Popular
Promotions
Asset allocation: Make sure your portfolio represents a balance of cash, bonds and stocks. Also understand your investment goals. Low-risk investors should seek more fixed-income investments.
Cash: When rebalancing, you should always hold about 5 to 10 per cent in cash. This will allow you to invest when an opportunity arises in the market.
Industry: Look at the industries you are invested in - they should be broadly diversified to protect you from overexposure to underperforming businesses. Do not buy stocks that overpopulate any one industry. Any one sector should not comprise more than 30 per cent of your investments.
Percentages: Consider rebalancing if your allocation of money changes five to 10 percentage points up or down. Determine this by looking at the percentage of your total holdings in different asset categories. Don't just look at the dollar amounts.
Taxation: If you have plans to retire or work abroad in future, take note of possible currency risks and tax implications. Seek advice from financial advisers.
Exit penalties: Ensure that you are aware of all exit penalties. Remember that deposit accounts with financial institutions are not free.
Liquidity: Avoid investing in stocks that have low turnover or liquidity. You might face difficulties getting rid of them when desired.
Planning ahead: Identify market trends. Be aware of interest rate directions, currency fluctuation and the political situation in order to predict changes that will affect the performance of your portfolio. If you predict a downward trend in interest rates, invest in sectors which will benefit from it.
Risk analysis: Compare your investment portfolio with a market portfolio such as the S&P 500 or the Tracker Fund, to evaluate your risks and exposure. If your weighting in a particular sector is heavier than the market portfolio, you might want to reconsider rebalancing.
Security diversification: After sector diversification, you might want to diversify further by making sure that within the sector you have spread the investment over various company stocks, rather than just one or two. Do not let one stock make up more than 5 per cent of your portfolio, one adviser suggests.
FO01: Rebalancing your portfolio
FO01: By Kym Leo
Graphic: TRIGAgwz
Related topics
Related articles
For unlimited access to:
Existing subscribers, login hereLearn to save face from Dr. Peterkin, a journalist and author of One Thousand Beards, a Cultural History of Facial Hair and The Bearded Gentleman, The Style Guide to Shaving Face.
If you have good bone structure don't hide it, shave. This is a good way to get more action.
Do you have debt?
You got questions, we got answersEnergy emerging from the Southeast U.S. should form a surface low out in the Atlantic, well east of Florida in the coming days
Once word got out today about the ECMWF global model predicting a coastal storm that had a track similar to Sandy, the buzz began. As you can imagine, a lot of people are still quite a bit on edge across portions of the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast not quite a year after the most devastating storm event in recent memory. The good news this evening is this: what ever is going to form over the Atlantic in the coming days simply lacks the major ingredients to become another Sandy.
However, a storm along the coast is something to take seriously, especially if it were to track close enough to cause significant problems. A lot will depend, as it always does, on where the storm moves and how strong it is. Each day, the models will paint a slightly different picture but the outcome is probably the same generally speaking – it’s possible that a subtropical type storm will impact portions of the U.S. East Coast this weekend and in to early next week. This seems even more likely for interests in the Canadian Maritimes.
Right now, the players, if you will, are still gathering on the field. We need a couple of more days for the sophisticated models to ingest the upper air data and other parameters that go in to their super-computer calculations before we can really get a grasp on what we might be dealing with.
As for the worry of another epic event like Sandy, put that to rest. This is more like an early Autumn Nor’easter and not an extreme event, not yet anyway. I say that only because you never say never with the weather. I think that Sandy has one very positive lingering effect: its legacy will motivate people to pay closer attention and take action when needed. Kind of the “fool me once….” saying playing out. People are smart and won’t be caught unaware and the increase in people talking about this potential event is evidence of that in my opinion – thus it’s a positive thing.
So let’s see what the next day or two of model cycles bring forth. There will be plenty of people looking at this within the government and private weather firms. I will be curious to read various forecast discussions, particularly from New Jersey and New York. I’ll talk more about that in tomorrow’s post.
M. Sudduth 7:25 pm ET Sept 24Image Unavailable
Color:
- Sorry, this item is not available in
- Image not available
- To view this video download Flash Player
I had high expectations for this movie given that it was recommended to me by two other people I respect. But, I was bored by it. Read morePublished 16 months ago by T. Simonson
Why one star? Because the cover makes it look like it's a comedy. And it isn't. It's a fairly depressing tragedy, with a couple comic moments. Read morePublished on August 14, 2012 by IguanaThe Stanislaus County sheriff said the suspect's car in a statewide search for a missing four-year-old boy was empty when divers pulled it from the Delta-Mendota Canal near Patterson just before 6 p.m. Friday.
"It's very likely that we'll find them somewhere in this canal," Stanislaus County Sheriff Adam Christianson said.
Last Tuesday 4-year-old Juliani Cardenas was kidnapped from his grandmother's arms. The man the little boy calls "Daddy," 27-year-old Jose Esteban Rodriguez, is suspected of taking him.
A dive team entered the water around 4:30 p.m. Friday, five hours after its discovery, but came out without any new information about possible bodies inside the car. A tow truck then pulled the car out of the water and investigators found that it was empty. The sheriff said it is likely the bodies of the boy and the suspect would be found even further downstream.
Crews have been searching the canal for more than a week after a farmworker reported seeing a car matching the description of the one used in the kidnapping go into the water hours after the little boy was taken.
So far officials have found more than a dozen vehicles in the canal. All were unrelated to the search until the find Friday morning.
Outside of the Cardenas family's home in Patterson, a note posted on the door stated, "As we await news of our beloved Juliani, we ask for privacy and continued prayers." The letter was signed by the Cardenas family. The family was supposed to attend a candlelight vigil near their home later Friday. "Just keep your eyes out for Jose and my son," Tabitha Cardenas, the boy's mother, told the media late Friday after the find. "Don't stop looking."
The car was wedged under a bridge or what the call a "siphon" and the water currents at the point in the canal were dangerous enough that divers were not allowed to go in the water until the flow decreased.
Police said Rodriguez has not used his credit or debit cards and has not used his cell phone since the day Juliani disappeared. Christianson said Rodriguez did not have the means or the resources to hide out for this long.
The search of the canal will continue Saturday morning.Live Mashups by Umphrey’s McGee
There is a long standing tradition for jambands to don a ‘musical costume’ for Halloween and cover an album in its entirely. The band Umphrey’s McGee has taken this concept a step further by performing ‘live mashups‘ for their Halloween gigs. They cleverly juxtapose two songs on top of each other, and then proceed to tear the roof off. Highlights from this year were a Robert Palmer and Prince mashup (Addicted to Kiss) and a MGMT and Nirvana mashup (Come As Your Kids).
Kevin Browning Thursday 10 November 2011
One more UM Mashup for your enjoyment…Selected viruses, spyware, and other threats: sorted alphabetically
Boot sector contains information on logical disk and the program for loading operating system into memory and executing it. It is located on the first sector of the logical disk.
Â© 1992-2004 ESET s.r.o. All rights reserved. No part of this Encyclopedia may be reproduced, transmitted or used in any other way in any form or by any means without the prior permission. play alto sax, and right now, I'm quite frustrated with myselft lately. You see, I play jazz and legit, but my tone can't seem to warm up for classical music no matter what I use. My jazz tone is really great, and I like it a lot; it's brilliant, bright, edgy, and powerful, just what I'm after as a contemperary jazz saxist. I need to get a much more open and dark sound on my S80 C*. I need anything and everything to possibly help this promlem.
Reply To Post [Report Abuse]
by sonnyrollins57 (17 posts)
11 years ago
Reply To Post
by golferguy675 (600 posts)
11 years ago
by Kitch22 (98 posts)
11 years ago
by johnsonfromwisconsin (767 posts)
11 years ago
by connsaxman_jim (2336 posts)
11 years ago
Reply To Post
Yahoo!
by mintyfreshjam (48 posts)
11 years ago
by SaxMan (559 posts)
11 years ago
by Saxman2200 (64 posts)
11 years agoThis page is the first of three pages that contain photos of loons that have appeared in magazines, calendars, maps, and books. To get to the subsequent pages, please click the small yellow numbers to the right. On any page you can click any image to see it larger and then step through the images on that page (only). Or you can click “Click here for Slide Show” and see all the images on all the pages.
- Classes
- Portfolio
- New Hampshire
- Vermont
- Maine
- Montana
- Published Photos
- People
- Birds
- Panoramas
- Bicknell Brook Panoramas
- Flights of Fancy
- Moose River in Winter
- Nepal in Panorama
- Nulhegan Basin from Lewis Overlook
- SRK Greenway 10 in Winter
- Star Lake Farm on Snowshoes
- Sunapee in Winter
- Annapurna Circuit in Panorama
- Jiri to Everest Base Camp and Kala Patthar 2012
- Aurora and Milky Way over Lake Sunapee
- Montana in Panorama
- Double Rainbow over Lake Sunapee
- Early Snow on Smarts Mountain
- Lake Sunapee
- Lower Cascades
- Dartmouth in Winter
- Hardy Hill Brook
- Grafton Pond
- Mormon Barns
- Moose Mountain on Snow Shoes
- Pollards Mill Falls
- Baker Bush
- Mount Moosilauke
- Baker Bush Wetland
- Henniker Bagel Break
- Millstone
- Mount Kearsarge
- Jann’s Studio
- Central NH in Fall
- Great Brook Pans
- Willoughby Ski New Years 2010-11
- Mink Brook
- Tuckerman Ravine
- Gillingham Store
- Great North Woods Panoramas
- Milky Way over Nubble Light
- The Prouty 2011
- View from French’s Ledges
- Cardinal Flowers near Adder Pond
- Mount Cardigan
- Chapel at the Kingdom
- Minister’s Brook
- Skinner Brook
- River Road
- Bob’s Barber Shop
- Lake Solitude from White Ledges in Winter
-
- Khumbu 2009
- Annapurna Circuit in Panorama
- Everest Base Camp and Kala Patthar 2012
- Bhutan
- Grand Canyon
- Lees Ferry to Hot Na Na
- Hot Na Na to South Canyon Camp
- South Canyon to Eminence Camp
- Eminence to Upper Nankoweap Camp
- Upper Nankoweap to Lava Chuar Camp
- Lava Chuar to Escalante Camp
- Escalante to Cremation Camp
- Cremation to Phantom Ranch and Trinity Camp
- Trinity to Crystal Camp
- Crystal Creek to Garnet Camp
- Garnet to Blacktail Canyon and Galloway Camp
- Galloway to Stone Creek Up-and-Over Hike
- Galloway to Deer Creek and Below Kanab Camp
- Lower Kanab to Havasu Canyon and “Love Nest” Camp
- Through Lava Falls Rapid to Upper Chevron Camp
- Upper Chevron to Parashant Camp
- Parashant to Pumpkin Springs and Mile 220 Camp
- Mile 220 to Diamond Creek
- Milky Way from inside the Grand Canyon
- Special Subjects
- Created
- Weddings & Portraits
- Details
- Contact Jim
- Trails
- Trails of the Upper Valley
- Trails of the Kearsarge Region: 11,887.
Released under a Creative Commons licence for noncommercial usage.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.Alex Hawley ahawley@civitasmedia.com
October 19, 2013
PEDRO, Ohio — Rock Hill undoubtedly subscribes to the theory that you should save your best for last.
The River Valley football team led 24-13 early in the fourth quarter but the Redmen answered with a 26-to-7 run to win the Ohio Valley Conference game 39-31, Friday night in Lawrence County.
The Raiders (1-7, 0-3) got on the board first with 27 yard field goal by Devin McDonald at the 3:17 mark of the first quarter. RVHS got on the board again at the 4:50 mark of the second quarter with a five yard touchdown pass from Dayton Hardway to Austin Bradley. McDonald added the point after and RVHS led 10-0.
With just under a minute left until halftime River Valley junior Dustin Bickers ran in a three-yard touchdown and, after the McDonald extra point, put the Raiders up 17-0 at halftime.
It was a different game after halftime, as the Redmen Rattled off two scores, the first on a Jonah Cox one-yard touchdown run and the second on a 19-yard touchdown pass from Gabe Marzicola to Austin Collins. Jake Malone was 1-of-2 on extra-points and RVHS led 17-13.
Austin Bradley punched in a one yard touchdown and McDonald hit the point after to expand the RVHS lead to 24-13 with 9:35 remaining in the game.
That’s when the Redmen took over, Jonah Cox ran a one-yard touchdown, Marzicola ran a two-yard touchdown and an 18-yard touchdown and finally Chance Blankenship ran a five-yard touchdown to put Rock Hill up 39-24 with 1:58 remaining.
Hardway completed a 25-yard touchdown pass to Bickers with :33 seconds left and McDonald hit the extra-point to pull the Raiders within one score. RVHS failed to score again and fell to Rock Hill 39-31.
Dayton Hardway was 26-of-49 passing for 371 yards, two touchdowns and four interceptions.
Austin Bradley led all receivers with 196 yards on 13 receptions and a score. Kirk Morrow had nine catches for 133 yards. Bickers caught one pass for 25 yards and a score, while Tyler Twyman caught two passes for 10 yards and Mark Wray had one catch for seven yards.
On the ground Justin Arrowood ran 10 times for 49 yards, Bradley had three yards and a score on four attempts. Bickers had one three yard run for a touchdown, Wray ran twice for two yards and Hardway was stopped for negative five yards on his lone carry.
Marzicola was 5-of-9 passing for 108 yards with a touchdown, while Collins had three receptions for 79 yards and a score. Drew McClaskey had two catches for 29 yards.
Jonah Cox was the games leading rusher with 150 yards and two touchdowns on 21 carries, followed by Chance Blankenship with 119 yards and a score on 17 carries. Marzicola ran nine times for 56 yards and two scores and Jordan Hairston had six yards on one carry.
The River Valley held a 20-to-18 advantage in first downs but RHHS held a 437-to-423 advantage in total yards. RVHS was penalized 11 times for 80 yards, while Rock Hill was flagged nine times for 95 yards.
Rock Hill has now defeated River Valley five straight times and Redmen’s last three wins have came against RVHS.
River Valley will travel to South Point next Friday, while Rock Hill will travel to Fairland.You might ask; won’t a mechanical fuel pump have a hard time flowing enough fuel for a supercharged 429? No.
Enter in possibly the greatest swap meet find I’ve ever had! For the nice price of $50 I purchased a CV products BBF mechanical fuel pump with optional high flow outlet, which is rated at 190gal/hour or 1151 lb/hr. That’s a LOT of fuel flow.
My Fairmont has a 16 gallon tank which means that pump will be able to make the fuel gage go from F to E in 5.05 minutes. (OUCH!).
Actually before I found this fuel pump lurking in the Buckeye building at the All Ford Spring Super swap meet, I had never even heard of CV products. Not knowing anything about this fuel pump (or that it even existed) I figured it was worth the $50 risk because I could immediately tell this was a hardcore piece of speed equipment. Man am I happy I took that risk. Every part of this fuel pump is billet aluminum and even the fuel pump “arm” is polished to a mirror finish to reduce the possibility of cracking! Retail price of the fuel pump is $469! I also need to add that it's a simple design and easily rebuildable.
I had planned on running a Carter super race series fuel pump rated at 172 gal/hr, but not anymore! This CV products fuel pump is the Bad Boy of BBF mechanical fuel pumps.
Anyway, if you have some time check out CV products website, also now added to the side bar. They make a lot of NASCAR racing components, and their quality is best I’ve ever seen.
Peace.
WesleyJ
Habakkuk 3:18I’m writing this blog post from my family vacation at the beach.
By “family vacation,” I don’t mean just the three of us; I mean all 19 of the people in my family–Mom, Dad, brothers, sisters, spouses and kids. I love it.
It’s not always easy to feed that many people. We pretty much fend for ourselves at breakfast and lunch, but we do share dinners. Each “family” takes a turn providing an evening meal. There’s usually an appetizer, the main meal and “something else,” which is code for dessert IF you ate enough of your nutritious and delicious dinner.
Last night, my sister made dinner. While she was cooking, the kids were HUNGRY so she set out strips of red bell pepper, baby carrots and roasted red pepper hummus. Her kids apparently have been raised on hummus. I’m a bit embarrassed to admit that while I LOVE the stuff, my kids haven’t had much exposure to this Middle Eastern spread. The kids dipped THREE POUNDS of baby carrots into my sister’s hummus and devoured them. That’s a lot of baby carrots. Good thing they’re on sale this week at Brookshire’s.
Baby Carrots and Roasted Red Pepper Hummus
1 lb baby carrots
Hummus
Ingredients:
2 large sweet red peppers
2 (15 oz) cans garbanzo beans or chickpeas, rinsed and drained
1/3 cup lemon juice
3 Tbsp tahini
1 Tbsp olive oil
2 garlic cloves, peeled
1 1/4 tsp salt
1 tsp curry powder
1/2 tsp ground coriander
1/2 tsp ground cumin
1/2 tsp pepper
Directions
Broil red peppers 4 inches carrots. Yields 3 cups
Serves 12
Nutritional Information: Calories Per Serving: 113, Fat: 5 g (1 g Saturated Fat), Cholesterol: 0 g, Sodium: 339 mg, Carbohydrates: 14 g, Fiber: 4 g, Protein: 4 g
Posted in: Shop the SaleShots Fired! (Literally) At Rick Ross’s Rolls Royce…Causes Crash
Rick Ross and his companion, Shateria L. Moragne-el, escape with no injuries after Rick Ross crashes his Rolls Royce while trying to dodge bullets. Around 5 AM this morning according to police reports, another car opened fire on Rick Ross causing him to flee for his life.
Things are getting serious in the entertainment world, details of this wild night when you continue….
Between the seizures in air, death threats, fights, and now this, Rick Ross is still standing. He must have favor or a praying mother.Wednesday, July 09, 2008
Congress Investigates EPA for Following the Rules on Clean Water Act EnforcementNick, EPA, don't stick to the rules.
Congress is watching.
____
Labels: Congress, Constitutional Law, Environment, Regulation
Posted by Amy Ridenour at 6:17 AM
Our gift to our guests is our superior chalet accommodation. Driven by our Gold Crown Status, we ensure that each guest will be treated to comfort and luxury. Chalets vary from a unique 4-sleeper to a very spacious 8-sleeper
Monateng Caravan Park is one of the finest 4-star Caravan Parks in Gauteng, as graded by the Tourism Grading Council of South Africa. The caravan park offers a choice of 50 grassed normal sites or 24 exclusive/luxury sitesCourtesy of Yvette Adkins
Kaylee is a chihuahua, she is 16 months old, and weighs just 1 pound 8 ounces. Shown here in her desperate house dogs shirt and her ball cap! She lives in Proctorville Ohio.
Gallery: Reader's Pet Photos
Aug. 11, 2009 @ 04:49 PM
Reader-submitted pet photos. Submit a photo of your pet for our next gallery by clicking here.These are 2013 boats. See current models at
New 2014 Tahoe Pontoons - Pontoon
New 2014 Tahoe Pontoons - Pontoon
2013 Tahoe Pontoons 24 C Fish
Dash and Electronics
GPS â Garmin 431 color GPS with built-in maps
âStart Nowâ reserve battery system
Fish finder Speedo upgrade for Model 500C
Sound - Speaker with stainless grill
Furniture
Admiral's highback reclining driver's chair with self-leveling arms
Admiralâs reclining chair with flip-up bolster
King chair with self-leveling arms and Elite slider
Heated chair upgrade
Buckskin base vinyl
Silver base vinyl
Moveable cup holders-SST cups
Cup holders upgrade to SST
Canvas and Top
Camper 1/2 enclosure
Rubrail lighting multi-color
Lighted cup holders â fixed mount
Flooring
Half front gate(for trolling motor)
Construction
Keels side protector
Deck bolted with SST nut and bolts
Keels solid bottom
Styling
SST nonskid strips for entry gates
3D Hi-Flex Logos
Fishing
Trolling motor bow mount Motor Guide W55
Steering options
BayStar hydraulic tilt
SeaStar hydraulic tilt
Electric power assist steering (requires SeaStar hydraulic steering)
Watersports
Ski tow bar
Waterski/wakeboard tower
Waterski/wakeboard tower board racks
Waterski/wakeboard tower speakers
Waterski/wakeboard tower spotlightThis project was a challenge with incredible detail from start to finish It began with the idea of a simple “game room” concept. Months of design work later, their project had quadrupled in size and complexity! A two-story addition of over 1700 s.f. now includes a powder room, game room, entertainment room and bar on the first floor. On the second floor, we created a new master suite.Register with us or sign in
Flo-bridesmaid?-perhaps she was looking for a peddler
Becks-Hilda Ogden? -that goes back a bit-I am worried about your driving credentials -so have called up a substitute
Team talk?- Marcel Marceau.
Here is the driver
Because they are unlikely to be sitting in constant wet ground as you are in control of the watering, the containers dry out quicker are a degree or two warmer and the food is at reach so to speak
Well that is my theory anyway
I shall be playing left back-left back on the bus
Have they flowered yet so you could give us a pic? -or is it possible to tell from the leaves?
Are we talking about the shrub or the annual?-in a container or in the ground?
No that is your neighbour
Have been researching tactics-these are they
There was a Lt Gerrard in the Fugitive--I think he was a US Marshall-is this the same bloke?
Jenny-a flat pack four
Anyone planning a trip to Kew Gardens up to 24th August?
-there is a link here to get 2 for 1 admission
and children under 16 go free“Il Magnifico would be happy: for me, the forces of destruction never overcame creativity”
“God was the first sculptor; He made the first figure: man. And when He wanted to give His laws, what material did He use? Stone.”
“Time was a yeast . . . form matured . . . a work of art meant growth from the particular to the universal. To a work of art, time brought timelessness”
'I don't know what I am. But I do know I wouldn't want a f-faith that couldn't face the facts.' (p83) '. . . if I were going to call myself a Christian, I'd have to call myself a pacifist as well. I don't think it's possible to c-call youself a C-Christian and . . . and j-just leave out the awkward bits.' (p83)
"One of the paradoxes of the war -- one of the many -- was that this most brutal of conflicts should set up a relationship between officers and men that was . . . domestic. Caring. As Layard would undoubtedly have said, maternal. And that was the only trick the war had played. Mobilization.. (p107)
"Pilots, though they did indeed break down, did so less frequently and usually less severely than the men who manned observation balloons. They, floating helplessly above the battlefields, unable either to avoid attack or to defend themselves effectively against it, showed the highest incidence of breakdown of any service. Even including infantry officers.."(p222)
". . . The last thing these patients need is a sympathetic audience."(p228)
"sinuous subtlety of her present-historic style""insistent present tense, which creates immediacy at the expense of narrative, but it brings the characters into close-up, with a concomitant loss of overall perspective""the style with its clipped but powerful immediacy; the wit, the poetry and the nuance""Is it me, or is the grammar atrocious"
.2008 Toyota Camry Solara Sport V6 Coupe Nationwide
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Accidents Reported
Text Search
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
CarGurus Quick Poll
Find 2008 Toyota Camry Solara Sport V6 Coupe listings in your area Enter your ZIP code
Featured Listings
2008 Toyota Camry Solara Sport V6 Coupe Used Cars in El Paso, TX 79935
Fair Deal
Price: $10,995
Mileage: 107,698
Location: El Paso, TX 79935
Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: Automatic Color: White Description: Used 2008 Toyota Camry Solara Sport V6 Coupe for sale - $10,995, 107,698 miles with Alloy Wheels
Avg. Dealer Rating: (6 reviews) "Good deal good person sAle"
Please wait ...
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.Type: Posts; User: netcommlabs
XML sitemap is for search engines. It is used for the purpose of search engine optimization.
Br is the html tag which is used to break a line.
Back links are those links of your website which enable you to keep track of other pages on the web that link to your posts.
You can improve alexa ranking by increasing traffic or visitors to your site.Sierra Winchester
Biography of Sierra Winchester
i love everbody in some form or fasion~~
i believe God is real,
so i serve him with everthing
and i have my rough patches
and my battles and tibulations
but i will make it though, just like all of you
Sierra Winchester Poems
- Life And Flowers
lifes like a flower with a life so short, so brief
- Me
- I Love You
I asked you if i was pretty you said no I asked if i was fat you said yes I asked you if you would cry if i walked away you said no I had heard to much and i need to leave
- I Dont Wanna To Anything
I dont wanna feel I just want to heal I dont wanna love
PoemHunter.com Updates
Classic Poets
- Footsteps of Angels
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
- A Song About Myself
John Keats
- A Very Short Song
Dorothy Parker
I Dont Wanna To Anything
I dont wanna feel
I just want to heal
I dont wanna love
I want you
I dont wanna think
I just wanna do
I don't wanna be fair
I just want to be free
foreverWhen it comes to the cost of rooftop solar Colorado is no Germany
As the cost of solar panels plummets, the price of everything else involved in getting a solar array on top of a roof is becoming a bigger part of the price tag.
These so-called soft costs include the expense of supply chains, overhead, permitting, labor, connecting to the grid and sales taxes and they haven’t dropped anywhere near as quickly as panel costs. Between 2005 and 2010 the cost of modules declined more than 40 percent, but the overall price of photovoltaic systems was down just 21 percent.
When compared with Germany – where permitting and installation is uniform – the soft costs really add up as the following graphic from the National Renewable Energy Laboratory in Golden, Colorado, shows.
[media-credit name=”NREL” align=”aligncenter” width=”495″][/media-credit] US vs. German in solar costs.
The biggest increases came in supply chain costs, electrical labor, sales tax, installer overhead and profit margins. The permitting, licensing and inspection fees are a smaller fraction of the cost, but are being targeted of the industry and public officials.
[media-credit name=”Denver Post” align=”alignright” width=”270″][/media-credit] Energy Secretary Steven Chu
Part of the reason, say industry analysts, is that they are easy to get at and that will lead to easing some of the other costs. It is the “low hanging fruit,” said Kristen Ardani, a NREL analyst.
“There are municipalities that see this as a revenue enhancing venture,” Energy Secretary Steven Chu told the SunShot conference in Denver last June. SunShot is the Department of Energy’s initiative to reduce the cost of solar power by 75 percent between 2010 and 2020.
In 2011, Colorado adopted the Fair Permitting Act, which capped solar permit fees at $500. But some municipalities have gotten around that by charging use taxes, said Eric Wittenberg, Colorado and Texas regional vice president for national solar installer SolarCity.
The result is that permitting and licensing can in some jurisdictions add more than $2,000 to the cost of the average residential solar array, which in Colorado ranges from $12,000 to $24,000.
Article CommentsFind Industrial Engineers Australia | Quotes Coupons Reviews
Find out more information about Industrial Engineers, Professional Engineers and Associated... read moreServices, mining &..
McGrath Industries Ltd - Heavy Materials Handling Sydney
McGrath Industries designs and manufactures Heavy Materials Handling Equipment (MHE) for commercial and industrial applications including specialised Air Cargo Handling Systems.
Call today on(02) 8339 0124.... See More TC certificate program concurrently during their master’s degree coursework. The TC:: Transformative Counseling. Admission Deadlines Class Starts Application Deadline Fall 2015 - August 24, 2015 July 1, 2015 Info Session Considering ourBOSTON — Tommy Milone endured his worst outing with the A's in Monday's 11-6 loss to the Boston Red Sox that opened a three-game series.
Boston Red Sox rout Oakland A's 11-6
Started by PSF , Apr 30 2012 02:31 PM
No replies to this topic
0 user(s) are reading this topic
0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous usersHere.
It's the season of scarf making - and I found this stitch which looks great on a thick, chunky wool. I'm not sure why it's called dot stitch but I liked the look of it.Children of the Vampire (Diaries of the Family Dracul) - Jeanne Kalogridis Horror Book Review
Horror books Review
The story begun in the acclaimed first novel in the trilogy, Covenant with the Vampire, continues in the second novel, as the heir of Vlad the Impaler tries to put an end to the Dracul family’s horrifying legacy. Reprint. NYT.
About Children of the Vampire (Diaries of the Family Dracul)
Author: Jeanne Kalogridis
Reviewer: Florita A.
Score: 2.5 / 5 starsPublished: April 22, 2009, 6:49 pm
Avg. Rating: 3.25/5 stars from 63 users. Reviews: 63.
Movies and TV Shows That Need VotesManyathela, known to Pirates fans as "Slow Poison," died when his car overturned just outside Johannesburg on Saturday night, following their 2-1 defeat to Jomo Cosmos in a cup tie.
Barreto told BBC Sport website that Manyathela's loss is a great loss for the club, which is preparing for the new league season.
"Everyone is deeply shocked and distraught at this stage, as we did not expect something like this to happen.
"Lesley scored nearly fifty percent of our goals last year and finding a player to replace him will be a big hole to fill," Barreto said.
The former Zimbabwe national coach said the 21 year-old was one of the most talented players he has ever worked with.
"Lesley was the best striker in the country. He had a good sense of positioning and was very accurate in front of goal.
"I'm aware that he had his shortcomings but I believe that with time he would have gone on to become something special for South Africa."
Manyathela scored three goals in nine apperances for Bafana Bafana.John R. Darrington works underground at a local silver mine, but has a
keen eye for all things of beauty above ground. Whether in historic Wallace or
in the majestic mountains that surround his home, John finds inspiration
for himself and for all those who see his photography.
For a couple of years, John displayed his art at his Sixth Street Gallery, 410 Sixth Street
in Wallace. Besides photography in all shapes and formats, you could find everything
from copper wall art to horsehair and silver jewelry in his eclectic shop.
Unfortunately medical complications forced him to close the shop, but he wants you
to continue enjoying his artwork as he recovers and simplifies his life.
jrdarr@suddenlink.net
(208) 755-4573
This site is under construction as John and I add more of his photos to
his internet gallery. John is sometimes on assignment underground in
beautiful southwestern Colorado, but on his days off he is collecting
beautiful mountain panoramas. Please bookmark this page and return
from time to time to see more of John's art.
Greg MarshInfo & Phones News Reviews › Forum
Top message: Any MetroPCS questions please ask. by MetroHelper
Replying to: Metro vs Page Plus by Researcher
Re: Metro vs Page Plus
If it would save money and you wouldn't lose anything, why bother asking? Just to be assanine? Because you need someone else to make decisions for you?
srsly . . .
srsly . . .
Replies
- Re: Metro vs Page Plus by ResearcherWhen I insert the phone into the docking station, its dead. No vibration or light. When the power is plugged in, it does work but after a few seconds the screen times out, and I have to remove and re-insert the phone to get it to go again.
It being such a new phone and it seeming like such a good deal to me, I'm a little scared of it now. Still got 10 days to change my mind...lol
Anyone with those sort of issues?
Do I not understand something about how it works? Does the docking station battery need to charge independently or something?
I thought maybe playing with different launchers and Dynamic Display settings messed it up, so I did factory reset and same result.The up-and-coming German producer Essáy puts his tracks on Soundcloud with surreal but descriptive genre tags. It pokes a little fun at our need to label things, but also tries to get across something essential about the music’s intent with haiku-like limitations. He ends up providing us with terms like “emotional sunstep,” which somehow mean a lot, regardless of the fact that they don’t really mean anything. The only constant is the word “emotional” preceding each tag, and for good reason, as his exciting, often innocently sweet tracks are moving, and not just in a physical way. It’s clearest on the “emotional house” track “Ocarina,” where he spreads sunny beats and a sample of the titular instrument to grand lengths. Now it has been given a remix by ambient techno giant the Field, which is essential listening.
Rather than taking you on the same journey provided by the original “Ocarina,” Alex Wilner prefers to lock into one trance-like groove here and ride it into infinity — the Field’s M.O. since he dropped his first singles on Kompakt. As I’ve said before, Wilner’s music has a fractal-like quality, a constant repetition (with only subtle shifts in mood such as on last year’s darker Cupid’s Head); one song can act as a microcosm for his entire career. Taking that personality and applying it to another artist’s music, though, is what makes the Field such a highly respected remixer, and his version of “Ocarina” loops and glistens with a hypnotic sway. Listen to both versions below.
Both versions of the song appear on the Ocarina EP out 7/1 via Cascine/Glyph. Pre-order here.
Love Essay so much. Excited for new tracks.Campo Viejo Tempranillo Rioja Crianza 2007
Member Reviews for Campo Viejo Tempranillo Rioja CrianzaAdd your review
Smooth flavorful wine with a lingering finish,
Wonderful Tempranillo!
smooth, no aftertaste. moderate body.
Good wine for reasonable price.
Two and a half glasses
External Reviews for Campo Viejo Tempranillo Rioja Crianza
Campo Viejo has a long and proud history that dates back to the Roman Empire. Campo Viejo is the flagship of Rioja wines. Ever since two local winemakers Beristain and Ortig ela created the first vintage in 1959, we have been synonymous with expressive wines, unique styles and innovation.
All Prices
Food Pairings for Campo Viejo Tempranillo Rioja Crianza
Tasting Notes:
It is an intense ruby red with aromas of black fruit and vanilla. Velvety and elegant.
Photos+ Add an Image for this wine
Notes: Aged for 18 months in American and French-oak casks (50%).I wonder if any company out there carries out regular overclocker surveys. It would be very interesting to compare the results of a today’s survey like that against the one made, say, three years ago. I assume a mainstream computer enthusiast uses mostly Asus or Gigabyte mainboards these days. In fact there is nothing surprising about it.
While the majority of mainboard makers usually have one or two mainboard models on a new chipset, Asus and Gigabyte usually announce the whole line-up of solutions from the simplest and cheapest to the elite models. As a result, numerous choice options can satisfy almost any needs, and thanks to gigantic production volumes, these mainboards are available anywhere in the world: from cold Canada to scorching hot Australia.
With such cut-throat competition other mainboard makers have to find their own unique ways of survival. DFI Company, for instance, turned their back to mainstream users and bets on computer enthusiasts as their primary target group. Elitegroup, on the contrary, doesn’t focus on overclockers’ need and offers simple inexpensive mainboards without extended features. ASRock Company seems to be doing pretty well: they focus on using older chipsets for the platforms supporting newest CPUs and third-party chipsets.
Biostar Company also has its own unique path. Their mainboards are priced close to those from Elitegroup, however offer a much broader range of overclocking-friendly features. This is exactly why we are very much interested in taking a closer look at a few Biostar mainboards today. They will be two new solutions on Intel P35 Express chipset: one for DDR2 and another for DDR3 SDRAM.
Biostar TP35D2-A7 Mainboard
We would like to start our discussion with the simpler model. Biostar TP35D2-A7 mainboard uses DDR2 SDRAM, which is still more acute these days.
Package and Accessories
Biostar TP35D2-A7 is shipped in a standard box. It is designed in the traditional way for T-Series Biostar products that boast extensive overclocking-friendly features. To personify each particular package the model name and logotypes of all supported technologies are stuck to the front of the box.
Despite the not very big size of the box, there was enough room inside for two separate smaller boxes with neatly arranged accessories. One of them contained a printed user’s manual and a CD disk with drivers and utilities. Another box contained an FDD and IDE cables, a pair of SATA cables, power converter for Serial ATA devices and an I/O Shield for the case rear panel.Industrial Communications & Electronics, Inc., Akron, CO
Download OptionsReleased: May 23, 2013
Federal Communications Commission
Before the
Federal Communications Commission
Washington, D.C. 20554In the Matter of
)
)
Industrial Communications & Electronics, Inc.
) File No.: EB-FIELDWR-13-00008389
Registrant of Antenna Structure No. 1056001
)
Akron, CO
)
NOV No.: V201332800054
)56001 by Akron, # 1056001 located at the coordinates of 40 º 10’ 54.0” north latitude and 103º
10’ 25.0” west longitude, antenna structure 1056001 be painted and lit in
accordance with Chapters 3, 4, 5, and 13 of FAA Circular 70/7460-1J,
Chapter 3 specifies the structure be painted. At the time of the inspection,
the agent observed that antenna structure # 1056001 was not painted., Inc.,.Machinists Land the 737 MAX Tentative Agreement Reached on Contract Extension
Brothers and Sisters, health-care../DBR
Robert C. Petroff
Assistant Directing Business Rep W24
Steve Rooney
District 70 President/DBR
Follow District 751 On
International
Web Site
Goiam.org
Union Sportsmen's
AllianceRedd Volkaert
To look at him, you'd think Redd Volkaert would snap the neck of a Telecaster in half the moment he tried to get flashy with the left-hand arpeggios. He's a big guy, Volkaert, with thick, tattooed forearms and fingers each about as wide as a single fret. But there's nothing clumsy about his guitar work, which is as lean and precise as you'd want to hear. His second full-length, No Stranger to a Tele, is what they used to call a "musician's album" back before Dave Matthews ruined the term for everybody.
Volkaert is a whole bunch of walking contradictions, or at least a bunch of shambling conundrums. A transplanted British Columbian who left Alberta for L.A. when he was still a kid, Volkaert spent years in the trenches doing session and demo work, building up the kind of reputation that only other musicians appreciate. In 1990, he moved to Nashville, where he worked live and in the studio with artists like Ray Price, Lacy J. Dalton and Dale Watson, and in 1997 Merle Haggard asked him to join his road band, the Strangers, which is where Volkaert's played ever since. He's currently a dominant presence in the Austin scene, where he's been living for about a year, when he's not on the road with Haggard.
He's a man who looks like he might be a scarred-knuckled logger playing lead country guitar; a physically imposing gentleman, to say the least, working some of the lightest and prettiest notes in recent memory. Volkaert is worth hearing in any context, but No Stranger to a Tele more than lives up to its title, delivering 14 tracks of yeoman music played on Volkaert's constant companion, his 1953 Telecaster. It's an eclectic collection, start to finish: The title cut is a Les Paul-style workout, each note clear as a mountain brook and just as playful, where songs such as "Before She Made Me Crawl" and his cover of Johnny Bush's "Conscience Turn Your Back" are straight-ahead country weepers that'd do Hag proud. Haggard often hands Volkaert the mike in concert, and it's easy to hear why. The big man sings a fair turn, in a hearty and confident voice that delivers originals and covers like they came from the same weathered songbook.
But it's the high-speed workouts here that really make No Stranger to a Tele worth the ticket price. Jazzy numbers like "Chee-Z" and "Rubberdance," along with blues workouts like "3 1/2 Minutes Left," remind us of a time when you didn't have to pedal the hell out of your guitar work to get noticed, when speed didn't mean squat unless you also had melodic sense. Every real guitar hound on your block is going to be raving about this record soon enough, but Redd Volkaert's talent deserves wider appreciation than only among the aficionados. No Stranger to a Tele is worth much more than a casualWith is provided by trained health care Navigators and certified application counselors.
Through the Health Insurance Marketplace set up under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, uninsured and underinsured Ohioans can compare coverage options side-by-side, learn about their eligibility for premium tax credits designed to lower premium costs, and enroll in a Qualified Health Plan (QHP). Open enrollment will continue through March 31, 2014. Coverage will begin on January 1, 2014 for all individuals who enroll prior to December 15, 2013.
Residents interested in making an appointment for the enrollment event can call 1-800-648-1176 or come on a “walk-in” basis. Ohioans can visit [4] to apply on their own. Those seeking help with enrolling can call 1-800-648-1176 or visit [5] to find assistance.
Consumers can register for this event by calling 1-800-648-1176 (jmh)0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
Deacon Lance: Please understand, I do accept the Oriental Orthodox as orthodox. However, I also accept the Assyrians as orthodox as well. Neither accept Councils or definitions my Church accept and both claim to hold the same faith despite this. Since my experience of both is that they are good and holy and the Spirit is at work among them, I can accept this. As well, my Church has signed common Christological statements with both.
I do not believe either of us are bishops or even priests . . . .
One last thing. I think it needs to be remembered that the OO did not 'cut themselves off' as though there were a one-sided breach. Until 518 AD the Patriarchs of three of the great Sees were non-Chalcedonian,... <snipped>
If the condemnations of Dioscoros and Severus, and the inclusion of the Three Chapters, were, in fact, as you say, then the Oriental churches deserve, at least, a profound, formal expression of regret from the Eastern Orthodox. If such an expression were forthcoming, would this make it easier for the Oriental churches to contemplate accepting Councils 4 -7 as ecumenical?
Dioscorus and Severus were anathematized as heretics by the Orthodox Church because that's what they were. Both of them denied that Christ has two distinct natures and two wills.
What "inclusion of the Three Chapters?"
Dioscorus and Severus were anathematized as heretics by the Orthodox Church because that's what they were. Both of them denied that Christ has two distinct natures and two wills. They understood the language of the Orthodox teaching and yet argued against it.
St.Dioscorus was not anathemized for heresy in Chalcedon. That is clear. He was excommunicated for disposing Leo for his support of Theodret and the heretics. He could not defend his decision in a council where Theodret was sitting and rendering judgement about theology, and he was under house arrest when summoned. Nestorius could not have done a better job than Theodret and his supporters.So if the Chalcedon members didn't find anything heretical about St.Dioscorous teachings, although they were well prepared to do so and wished it, how can you dare declare that he is a heretic ? Where are his writings that say that ?Just repeating the fabrications will not make them true, unless you have a proof.The same applies to the St.Severus, may his blessings be with us. Peace,Stavro
And at this point of the reading, Dioscorus, the most reverend Archbishop of Alexandria said, I receive "the of two;" "the two" I do not receive (to ek du'o de'chomai: to du'o, ou de'chomai). I am forced to be impudent, but the matter is one which touches my soul.
).
ambrosemzv: But the rejection of sectarianism cuts both ways . . . .
. . . That last comment about sectarianism assumes that both parties involved in these disputes are members of sects or that they each have equal title to the Church founded by Christ.
ambrosemzv:If the Non-Chalcedonians understand, or at least have come to understand, the language of "from two natures" and/or "one nature after the union" [i.e., after the Incarnation] in a way which rejects any comingling or confusion, and which asserts the full humanity and divinity of Christ, without one being in any sense "absorbed" into the other (and this seems to represent, at the very least, the current non-Chalcedonian understanding); if they are willing formally to affirm that understanding; and, if they have come to understand and acknowlege that the language of "two natures" affirmed in the Council of Chalcedon and thereafter was not, by and large, meant in anything like a Nestorian sense, or with Nestorian implications; then, I don't see wherein lies the heresy. And, if they were able and willing, furthermore, to acknowlege the the definitions of heresy (albeit rejecting the individual, personal anathemas) of the last four Councils as ecumenical, I don't see the heterodoxy.
ambrosemzv: I respect and, I think, understand your point: We must not purchase the inclusion of separated groups at the price of disregard for the Councils and the fathers. But, could it not be that, by placing particular (and potentially ambiguous) verbal formulae, and/or the anathemas against individuals, over and above the essential agreement on the dogmatic understanding of Christ's full divinity and full humanity, we would be placing the letter of the Councils over its spirit? It seems to me that that would be to fall away from real allegiance to the Councils and the fathers.
Linus,Almost all of the "World Orthodoxy" hierarchs support union with the Non-Chalcedonians and do not call them heretics any more. Do you think that they are just plain ignorant? I mean taht question with respect.anastasios
Likewise, optimism is expressed about the "positive"—as it is asserted—outcome.
Page created in 0.109 seconds with 24 queries.Invited Speakers Series
2014-2015 Series
(To be announced)
Previous Invited Speakers:
Dr. John Doris (Washington Universityin St. Louis)
Dr. Lovell Anderson (University of Memphis)
Dr. Julian Wuerth (Vanderbilt University)
Dr. Robin James (University of North Carolina, Charlotte)
Dr. Joshua Ramey (Haverford College)
Dr. Tristram Mcpherson (University of Minnesota at Duluth)
Dr. Hagop Sarkisian (City University of New York, Baruch College)
Dr. Farhung Erfani (American University)
Dr. Amy Wendling (Creigton University)
Dr. Karen Gover (Bennington College)
Dr. Nel Noddings (Professor Emerita, Stanford University)
Dr. James Mahon (Washington & Lee University)
Dr. Sandra Harding (UCLA)
Dr. Donald A. Crosby (Professor Emeritus, Colorado State University)Our Accreditation
The Dillard College of Business Administration at MSU was accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB) International in April 2010. Founded in 1916, AACSB International is the longest-serving global accrediting body for business schools that offer undergraduate, graduate, and doctoral degrees in business and accounting.
Less than 5% of the world's 13,000 business programs have earned AACSB Accreditation. AACSB-accredited schools produce graduates that are highly skilled and more desirable to employers than other non-accredited schools..Budd Boetticher
Birth Name: Budd Boetticher
Born: 07/29/1916
Birth Place: Chicago, Illinois, USA
Death Place: Ramona, California, USA
Died: 11/29/2001
Born: 07/29/1916
Birth Place: Chicago, Illinois, USA
Death Place: Ramona, California, USA
Died: 11/29/2001
Boetticher's films through "The Killer Is Loose" (1956) exhibited a workman-like efficiency, the product of an intelligent man learning his job, but he upped the ante considerably when he embarked on a remarkable series of seven spare but stylish Westerns starring Randolph Scott, none longer than 78 minutes, on which his reputation rests. Beginning with "Seven Men From Now" (1956), Boetticher was the consummate auteur, assembling compatible talent to help him frame his vision with speed, economy and exhilaration. His formula pitted the strong-willed mythic hero (Scott) against an equally strong-minded gentleman-villain, the memorable interplay between the two frequently the product of witty ... Continue Bio >>
Popular Movies:
1988-12-02 Tequila Sunrise
My Kingdom For...
A Time For Dying
Arruza
A Time For Dying
Two Mules For Sister Sara
Comanche Station
The Rise and Fall of Legs Diamond
Comanche Station
More Credits >>MONTANA MIDWIFE
MONTANA MIDWIFE (4.5) by Cassie Miles: Tabitha Willows is a half-Crow midwife who has moved back to Little Big Horn country. She crashes back into the life of the man she’s loved since her teens when his pregnant teenage sister is suspected of murdering a man. The ranch may be home for Aiden Gabriel, but his helicopter rescue service is the job he’s always wanted. Though he didn’t notice her much when she was a child, Tab Willows has his undivided attention now as they work to find a killer, while trying to stay alive. What they find indicates a serial killer may have been at work in the area for three decades. As the action and tension spirals, it’s greased with just enough clues to keep readers fascinated.
Reviewed by:
Pat CooperNews & Analysis Intel, Legend to perform joint R&D, says report Peter Clarke8/28/2003 11:26 AM EDT Post a comment NO RATINGSLogin to Rate Tweet BEIJING, China -- Intel Corp and Legend Group Ltd., China's biggest computer maker, have said they would open a joint development center for home networking and security applications, according to a Reuters report Thursday (August 28, 2003). Legend controls about a quarter of the Chinese PC market and its computers make use of Intel microprocessors exclusively, according to the report. The center is to be housed within Legend's Beijing facilities and would eventually comprise 30 to 40 engineers, the report quotes Intel China president Wee Theng Tan, as saying. The research is expected to focus on technology to link televisions, computers and other appliances into a digital home network and on making computers more secure. The report did not give a value or timetable for the development. Legend, which recently adopted Lenovo as the English-language brand name for its PCs, has joined with Microsoft, Sony, Hewlett-Packard and Samsung in an alliance to create standards for sending music from computers to televisions, the report said.
LMAO
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
Golfinhooooo
I was wondering where you went. I missed your hilarity. lol, don't go away again, newgrounds needs you.
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
The fuck
Did I just watch?
Rated 5 / 5 stars
once again brilliant
like all your flashes
no seriously... what the fuck is WRONG with you ?
who cares ? funny as hell !
Rated 5 / 5 stars
jesus
christI ordered a suit from Express last week in a 40R and we back to try on both the 40R and 40S to try to decide which fits best. I feel like i'm an in between size and need help deciding.
The first three pictures in the album is the 40R that I worry may be too long, and the last 3 are the 40S that might be too short.Ryan McGinness is a New York-based artist who creates enormous, intricate, kaleidoscopic images and similarly detailed three-dimensional sculptures from hundreds of individual elements, largely inspired by graphic artwork, public signage and contemporary iconography.
If you’re finding this conglomeration of ideas a lot to take in, you’re not the first; the vibrant colours coupled with strong graphic shapes possess a very deliberate kind of beauty which can, at first glance, seem to masquerade as clutter. It seems that Ryan is fully aware of the complexity of the work he creates, so in a bid to make it a little easier to understand he has put together a very simply navigated website which allows viewers to see the finished images alongside work-in-progress sketches of the elements which go into it. It’s not often that such an established creative allows viewers far and wide such an insight into their creative process, and with Ryan’s work as incredibly detailed as it is, this is one artist’s website which is definitely worth a look.: ElementsMark Your Calendar for these Spring Events
March 23
The Chinese Judicial System: A Cross Cultural Comparison
UBC room, HUB, 4:00 p.m.
Speaker: Judge Arthur E. Grim '64
Emphasis on the unique opportunity for ongoing dialogue and meaningful exchange leading to system reform. Open to faculty, staff, students, and alumni.
Free
Saturday, March 26
Undergraduate Philosophy Conference
Haupert Union Building
Jonathan Marks '65, philosophy alumnus and practicing attorney in New York City will deliver the keynote address. There will be a reception and luncheon honoring Frederick McConnell, professor emeritus. Click here for more information about the conference and to register for the luncheon.
Joe Mixon '81 and The Big Wahu Caribbean Band entertain outdoors at 2010 Alumni Weekend.
Sunday, March 27
Concert Celebration of Early Music Performance at Moravian College
Peter Hall, 4:00 p.m.
$5 general admission
35th anniversary of the founding of the Collegium Musicum. A reunion celebration performance of the current Collegium, the Monties, the Baroque Ensemble, and the Alumni Players, with a special performance by the Kollegium Kids. All are welcome to stay for a complimentary post-concert reception in Hearst Hall. Please register online in advance.
May 20 and 21
Alumni Weekend
Open to all alumni; reunions classes ending in 6 and 1 will be recognized. We are proud to have many members of the Moravian community (faculty and alumni) entertaining us at several events this year. For complete details about the weekend and to register online go to
Can't come to campus?
Connect with other Moravian alumni in your area . . .
Thursday, April 7
Alumni Hound Hour in Central New Jersey
Plans are underway for Hound Hours in Philadelphia, New York City, and the Hazelton, Pa., area. Details and online registration will soon be available at.
Saturday, April 30
Vynecrest Vineyards tasting and tour
5:30-7:30 p.m.
Hosted by Lehigh Valley Alumni Home Club
Back by popular demand! Vynecrest Vineyards, in Breinigsville, Pa., is owned by fellow Moravian alumni John '65 and Jan Whitfield Landis '64. Click here for details and online registration.:.World Conqueror 3D Review
USA Version
Posted by Stephen Kelly.
#1
Dyl_73 said:
That's a shame. I had hoped that this was going to be a good game. Oh well. Carry on with Fire Emblemfor my strategy fix.
#2
Klimbatize said:
Yeah, I wish I had waited one more day for this review. I downloaded this last night after holding off for a few days, but because I'm a big fan of strategy board games like Risk I caved in without reading a proper review.
I think down the road I could get into this game, but it just looked like a catastroeff on my first play. It is a bit much to take in and understand from the outset, and after about a half hour of play I still couldn't figure out if I was winning the war or not. I set it aside and will tackle it again when I feel up to really digging into the instruction manual.
#3
Philip_J_Reed said:
after about a half hour of play I still couldn't figure out if I was winning the war or not.
So it's the world's most accurate Vietnam simulator. Good to know!
#4
KnightRider666 said:
Bummer, glad I didn't splurge for this. Now where the heck is Advance Wars for the 3DS???
#5
Spoony_Tech said:
A year ago when there wasn't as many games out for the 3ds I probably would've dl'ed it day one! Thankfully I've got so much to play that waiting for a review was easy! Glad for the year of the 3ds!
#6
Spoony_Tech said:
@KnightRider666 Now that would be a day one buy for me. Fingers crossed that they're working on one but I'm not getting my hopes up!
#7
KnightRider666 said:
@Spoony_Tech: As my comrade Captain Brenner would always say, "Where there is light, there is hope!" Let me jog your memory:
#8
SyFyTy said:
@KnightRider666 YES, YES OMG YES where IS our Advance Wars 3d????? bring it ON. If they can do Fire Emblem, A.W. should be a shoe in and make it multiplayer ONLINE please!!!
#9
EaZy_T said:
Thanks for the review; I kinda wanted this but it has too many issues for me, I'll pass.
#10
Klimbatize said:
@Philip_J_Reed Zing!
#11
Spoony_Tech said:
@KnightRider666 Yes I do remember that but man o man would it be nice to actually hear that they really are working on one! Even though they would like to work on one and the 3ds is really popular right now doesn't mean Nintendo is going to give the ok! I'm surprised how poorly the series has sold in Japan and its not much better over in the west either!
#12
SyFyTy said:
This reminds me of 'Panzer Tactics' for the DS, that was good one with stylyzed retro character with the WW2 theme.. for those interested, but that too was much more direct and easily understood. For those who enjoy updated-retro check it out if you can get one these days. I still have mine. Oh well, back to Panzer Tac. (on DS) & Advance wars 1,2 (GBA) & A.W. DS & A.W. DoR. & End War on the DS.
#13
astros75 said:
Darn, was going to DL this but I'll pass now
#14
KnightRider666 said:
@Spoony_Tech: Really? Even Days of Ruin sold poorly here?? My favorite DS game of all time.
@SyFyTy: I hope they make a Days of Ruin Returns in 3D!
#15
Eisenbolan said:
I won the first campaign. US vs Japan. Hint leave middle of US empty and move everything out west. Actually in main mode leave back spaces empty.
#16
Spoony_Tech said:
@KnightRider666 I'm not 100% sure what's profitable but here's the sales chart
#17
slidecage said:???
#18
BulbasaurusRex said:
Actually, a deeper version of Risk with a World War II theme sounds pretty good to me, and I don't really care that much about lack of multiplayer. I'd appreciate an in-depth look at the mechanics from someone who's actually deciphered the instruction manual and given the game a thorough run through.
#19
Sir_Teabag said:
i should have waited for the review also...
#20
KnightRider666 said:
@Spoony_Tech: That's weird. I think the AW games may have had different names in Japan. There's no way 3 out of the 4 AW games had zero sales.
#21
Spoony_Tech said:
@KnightRider666 Well I made a topic on this about a year ago wanting a return to the series. Someone there posted that two of the games were combined and released that way so that's how it probably not on the list. Otherwise I don't believe that Days of Ruin did make it over there though!
#22
KnightRider666 said:
@Spoony_Tech: If that's true, Japan seriously missed out. DOR is the series best IMO, and I hope the next AW retains the better graphics, seriousness, & dark style .
#23
Spoony_Tech said:
@KnightRider666 I totally agree! I like the darker story and actually hated some of the characters(mayor). Which isnt a bad thing to hate him, it drew me into the story more and wanted to hate him. It feels a little more like war that way as oppose to colorful and more friendly!
I felt Dual Strike was trying to do too much and felt it was the weakest!
#24
KnightRider666 said:
@Spoony_Tech: I agree. The story was amazing, and kept me playing just to see what happens next. The other 3 AW games were to comical and kiddie. Tabitha is my favorite CO btw. I wish The Beast was a playable CO.
#25
steamtrain said:
There it is another board game called Axis & Allies, which from the looks of it reminds me of.
Apart from playing with dices, units and a board, Axis & Allies is nothing like Risk.
I will not dismiss this game because of this review, because if it is anything like Axis & Allies, it takes a good deal of "getting used to" before you can even say if you like it or not.
It's like saying you don't like chess, because you only know the movement of the pieces and the outcome is confusing.
Of course you can say you don't want to invest in learning this game, that is another matter, but not an attitude that qualifies for a review of it.
I may give it a try.
Although lack of multiplayer, is a BIG loss for this kind of games.
#26
WinterWarm said:
@Philip_J_Reed
Brilliance.
Too bad, this looked good. I wish there'd be a Legends Of War for 3DS...
#27
Phantom_R said:
After trying the demo... wow. This could not have been a more shameless clone of Risk. Although while World Conqueror is fueled by devouring battery life, Risk devours friendships, mercilessly and irreparably.
#28
steamtrain said:
Shameless clone? It is nothing like Risk!
It is fun, it is cheap, it is worth a buy.
But it lacks variety and customization in gameplay, complex strategy & multiplayer.
5/10
We need TripleA for Wii U/3DS!
#29
MCI1983 said:
Too bad. I love games like this and was hoping it would be good. Anyone here that is looking for a good one, though, try Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution. It's my fave for the system, so far. Worth a try!
#30
notchucknorris said:
i really dont understand the logic on these reviews. i Love Risk, and World Conqueror 3D is GREAT!. Worth Every Penny. the rating seem horribly skewed.
imagine if Milton Bradley announced they were going to release a licensed version of the classic boardgame "Risk" in eShop for $4. RISK fans would say its an incredible bargain and an instant buy.
and yet somehow a fresh take on the classic boardgame with MORE CONTENT and challenges dosent get a proper score just because it dosent have the RISK brand name? ppft. whatever
#31
KittenKoder said:.
#32
XCWarrior said:
I've actually enjoyed this game a lot. I'm a big fan of risk, so being able to play against someone (the cpu) on the go and not have to pick up all the pieces, not to mention there is more strategy, is nice. It could use a bit more variety, but I'd give it around a 6.5/10. Worth a look if you enjoy Risk.
#33
Priceless_Spork said:
That's such an embarrassing review. This is an obvious axis and allies clone not risk.
It would be like reviewing checkers and saying this is a lot like connect 4. Sheesh. There's a lot of older people who remember A&A and if you liked it this is a close approximation . Id say its like playing without any advanced rules, and there are no transports, your units are converted to ships when near the coast. A 3 card reward per turn thing. Stuff like that. But still highly similar.Walt Whitman, the most American of poets, aimed at summing up an entire nation in his Leaves of Grass. Whitman very nearly did. Mayor Villaraigosa wants to find a writer -- as the city's first poet laureate -- to sum up Los Angeles. That's a harder job.
According to the job description (here), ."
The city's job description mirrors that of the national poet laureate: public readings, promotion of literature in the city's public schools, and celebration of the city's literary past and present. The term will be two years. Special occasion writing while on the job is expected. There's an annual honorarium of $10,000.
(Ominously, the official activities of the poet laureate will be, as the job flyer frankly puts it, "reviewed and approved" by the Department of Cultural Affairs. I'm not sure if City Hall's restraining hand will have much effect. Los Angeles has a community of notably rambunctious poets, not tame ones, and they've been delivering without minders Whitman's "barbaric YAWP" over the roofs of L.A. for decades.)
It might seem silly to stuff the contending voices of the city into one poet's mouth. We speak in more than a hundred languages, dialects, local creoles, and street argots. How do you say "L.A. noir" in Hmong or Armenian, in Farsi or Hebrew? There are so many poetry traditions at work here, most of them new arrivals outside the "official" literary cannon, and so many pasts making claims on our future.
Whitman, in celebrating himself as the compounded American poet, sidestepped the problem of persistent hybridity in a city of minorities. He heard all the separate voices in their varied accents combined in one Columbian chorus. The city's poet laureate cannot.
Whitman's 19th century hope isn't ours, but the new poet laureate will serve the civic good nonetheless.
It's the task of poets to find language to articulate what cannot be described except in poetry. And if there ever was -- or is -- a place lacking description by means other than in a poem, it's Los Angeles. It will be good to have a poet turn to that work (and to pay her or him to do it). It will do us good to enlarge our moral imaginations with the help of a poet's words.
Our laureate will be picked by the end of October by the (unpoetic sounding) Poet Laureate Task Force. Nominations to the task force are due by October 5.
I hope the task force directs that Mayor Villaraigosa crown their selection on the City Hall steps with a wreath of Apollo's laurels for old time's sake, because some things are too ordinary not to be thought sacred. However, the poet should be crowned with our native laurels, Umbellularia californica.
As the green and fragrant wreath is laid on the poet's brow, the mayor might whisper, so only the poet can hear, that the laurels of our canyons are beautiful but poisonous: a reminder of the risks of even a little glory.
D. J. Waldie, author and historian, writes about Los Angeles twice each week at KCET's SoCal Focus blog.CALPADS Home | Communications | System Documentation
Known Issues | Release Updates | Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Charter Schools | Listservs | Calendar | Training | Hours of Operation | Contacts
2014–15 CALPADS Certification Report
CALPADS Listservs
The CALPADS listservs listed below provide one-way communication from the California Department of Education (CDE) to local educational agencies (LEAs), Student Information System (SIS) vendors, and LEAs utilizing custom-designed Student Information Systems. LEAs and entities subscribing to given listservs will receive information via email relevant to the development and implementation of CALPADS. The CDE strongly recommends that LEAs and SIS vendors maintain active subscriptions to the appropriate CALPADS listservs, as these listservs serve as a vital means of communicating important information about CALPADS. Additional information pertaining to CALPADS can also be obtained on the CDE CALPADS Web page. Here you will find current updates, links to various communications, system documentation, and relevant CALPADS information. If you have any questions, please submit them via e-mail to calpads@cde.ca.gov.
CALPADS Listservs
CALPADS-LEA
The CALPADS-LEA listserv is a private listserv restricted to LEAs. All requests for membership will be reviewed before approval is granted.
CALPADS-SIS-VENDORS
The CALPADS-SIS-VENDORS listserv is an open listserv with no membership restrictions.
CALPADS-LEA-CUSTOM-SIS
The CALPADS-LEA-CUSTOM-SIS listserv is an open listserv with no membership restrictions.
How to subscribe to a listserv
To subscribe to a listserv, send a blank e-mail message by clicking on a "subscribe to..." link for the appropriate listserv listed above. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address associated with the given listserv subscription. The subscriber must reply to the confirming e-mail message in order for the listserv membership to be activated.
If any of the above subscribe links do not work with your default e-mail client, please submit an e-mail (with no message) to:
subscribe-[LISTNAME]@mlist.cde.ca.gov (e.g., subscribe-calpads-lea@mlist.cde.ca.gov).
How to unsubscribe from a listserv
To unsubscribe from a listserv, send a blank e-mail message by clicking on an "unsubscribe to..." link for the appropriate listserv above. A confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address associated with the given listserv subscription. The subscriber must then reply to the confirming e-mail in order for the listserv membership to be deactivated.
If any of the above unsubscribe links do not work with your default e-mail client, please submit an e-mail (with no message) to:
unsubscribe-[LISTNAME]@mlist.cde.ca.gov (e.g., unsubscribe-calpads-sis-vendors@mlist.cde.ca.gov).
NOTE: The CALPADS listservs are not discussion forums, and listserv members cannot post comments or otherwise communicate with other members through these listservs. The CALPADS listservs are not intended to replace any of the California School Information Services (CSIS) listservs.Counties, towns and villages to see significant boost in state support for local roads, bridges
Albany, N.Y., March 25—State Senator Tom O’Mara (R-C, Big Flats) and Assemblyman Phil Palmesano (R-C, Corning) said today that area counties will see significant increases in state support for local roads and bridges under the 2013-14 New York State budget being enacted this week.
A breakdown of county figures as a result of this year’s state-level increase of $75 million for the Consolidated Highway Improvement Program (CHIPS) was released by Governor Andrew Cuomo and legislative leaders earlier today at the Capitol [to see the full breakdown for counties, towns and villages, go to.]
“After five years when state support for local roads and bridges remained stagnant, this year’s recognition of the importance of CHIPS funding will make a significant difference for localities, local economies and motorist safety statewide,” O’Mara and Palmesano said in a joint statement. “The improvement and upkeep of local roads and bridges is a wise use of taxpayer dollars. It’s an investment in economic growth and job creation throughout the Southern Tier and Finger Lakes regions, and all across New York.”
O’Mara and Palmesano said that area counties will receive the following increases in CHIPS funding under this year’s transportation budget, which was approved by the Senate last night and is scheduled to receive final Assembly approval on Thursday:
-- Chemung County: CHIPS funding will increase from $3,327,649 last year to $4,087,491 in 2013-14, an increase of 22.83% or $759,841;
-- Schuyler County: funding will increase from $1,728,590 to $2,139,391, an increase of 23.77% or $410,800;
-- Steuben County: funding will increase from $8,193,287 to $10,151,319, an increase of 23.90% or $1,958,032;
-- Tompkins County: funding will increase from $3,460,858 to $4,271,054, an increase of 23.41% or $810,196; and
-- Yates County: funding will increase from $1,994,253 to $2,477,899, an increase of 24.25% or $483,646.
Palmesano, who also represents part of Seneca County, said that Seneca County’s funding will increase from $1,780,302 to $2,205,941, an increase of 23.91% or $425,639.
In early March, O’Mara, Palmesano and a bipartisan group of.
CHIPS provides the bulk of state aid to counties and towns for the maintenance and improvement of local roads and bridges.American Apparel Men's Cotton-nylon Blend Travel Pants
These classic, straight leg pants from American Apparel are made of a breathable cotton-nylon blend. A nylon zipper and metal hook closure combine with classic belt loops for a secure, comfortable fit perfect for traveling.
Details
ITEM#: 14938516These classic, straight leg pants from American Apparel are made of a breathable cotton-nylon blend. A nylon zipper and metal hook closure combine with classic belt loops for a secure, comfortable fit perfect for traveling.
- Color options: Navy, storm grey
- Two (2) front pockets, two (2) back pockets
- Nylon zipper and metal hook closure
- Classic belt loops at waist
Measurement Guide
American Apparel Sizing Guide
- 70-percent cotton / 30-percent nylon
- Model: RSACB400
All measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Specs
Product Reviews<<This post is an absolute rave about lash extensions I had done recently, courtesy of the fabulous Dee of The Brow Parlour. Dee also did HD Brows for me, which I was really pleased with, but oh the lashes… and omg how sad will I be when they are removed?!
To set the scene, my lashes are so pale they are practically transparent, ditto my brows. Both are also what you might call ‘scant’ or lacking in length and volume. I totally drew the short straw there. I’ll charge right in with a before and after pic to show exactly what I mean - and hopefully explain my excitement at actually having lashes!!
Isn’t the difference amazing?! Dee and I chatted in advance about the kind of look I wanted to go for, followed by a full consultation on the day. I asked for a little bit wow but still quite natural… I wanted to look like I had great lashes, not false ones; Dee said she had the perfect style in mind… Let’s Go Lashes.
What to expect
Dee began by tinting my lashes, so that the originals would blend in with the newbies. She then set about applying the lashes ONE BY ONE which I hadn’t expected at all. She created a frame, positioning the shape and angle along my lashline, then went back over the area adding more lashes of different lengths, building up to the correct amount of volume.
Can I just tell you this is the most patient, gentle woman I have ever met… so calm and evidently a complete pro at what she does, which set me completely at ease. I had to lie there looking down with my eyes slightly open for around an hour, which wasn’t particularly easy as I just wanted to drift off, but I didn’t experience one iota of discomfort - amazing for someone who doesn’t like their eyes being poked at!
This is the pic Dee took immediately after doing my lashes… oh what I’d give to have them look like that naturally!
Maintenance
I had to apply a sealant twice a day *usually once, cough* which is a bit fiddly but ok. Oil-free makeup remover is a must, so I’ve been using Melvita Micellar Water or Naked Skin Blinking Lovely (links lead to my reviews of these two) with cotton buds. I do find it quite fiddly removing eye makeup with these on as I’m not used to manoeuvring my way around such long lashes and was terrified of knocking one off, but I honestly didn’t feel the need to wear much anyway so it was no biggy!
Obviously you have to avoid touching your eyes and can’t really rub them. Dee’s main warning was not to pull them out or attempt removal myself as this can damage the natural lash which extensions are attached to, so I’ve resisted temptation and promised to go back and have them removed by her (a service she provides for free). It’s now 10 days since application and I’ll have the lashes removed in a few days, boo… but I’ll most definitely have them done again.
A couple more pics I took a few days later… I’m not wearing any other eye makeup in these pics other than a tiny bit of mascara on lower lashes. To be honest I haven’t felt the need to anyway as my new lashes and brows frame my eyes naturally, to the extent that I have worn little other makeup since having them. I’m actually amazed at the difference they make to my overall look and just love getting up in the morning and looking ok!
On my way out last Saturday night... I actually hate this pic with my slightly panicked on my way out the door as the taxi beeped its horn impatiently and my kids tried to climb up my leg for a goodnight kiss, but wanted to let you see the lashes in context of full makeup. I know I could have made more of them by playing up my eyes, but instead left them faux au natural and focused on my current favourite red lip, the gorgeous Laura Mercier Plumberry.
Any local readers interested in lash extensions, I can’t recommend Dee highly enough… she mainly works in the Belfast and Lisburn areas and you can check out more of her work and contact details on Facebook at The Brow Parlour or chat to her on twitter @DFT33 - she’s very friendly and her number is now etched in my little black beauty book! I’ll be back with the lowdown on my HD Brow experience very soon!
Have you ever had lash extensions - or do you like the idea?Jackie Cobell world record swim EC Solo in 28 hours 44 min., here with Freda Streeter (mother of Alison, Queen of the Channel, and legendary EC swimmers’ coach) – map courtesy of ZimHippo
Saturday morning, July 24th, around 7:30 continental time, a swim started on Shakespeare beach that was to hold swimmers all over the world in its grip for over a day: 56 year old Jackie Cobell from London set off with Lance Oram (Sea Satin) and crew for France. It was the end of the neap tides (6 m and 6.2 m), with SW and SSW winds up to 14 knots according to Sandette Light ship. Like so often with slower swimmers, the swim started 1-2 hours before high tide, so the route looks unusual right from the beginning. 13 hours or so later Jackie reached the middle of the separation zone – half way geographically, while the average time for this year’s Channel swims (including relays) so far has been 13 hours 54 min. (last year: 13 hours 15 min)! Even at the next change of tides (after 6+ hours) she was still far from France – many would have given up by now.
Through the night
There was hope she would be able to make it on the next tide – and many of us woke up in the middle of the night around 3 or 4 a.m. to check the AIS-tracking to see if she was still hanging in there – and she was! They were nearing the sandbanks east of Calais, but then the tide carried her back west towards Cap Griz Nez and Calais again.
When I got up Sunday morning and checked the internet first thing she was still swimming! When I finally left at 9:30 a.m. for my “long swim” in the Silbersee (only 6 hours, I was so late!) she was still swimming! While I was at the lake I had a good feeling about her. Still, when I came home in the evening and checked the net, I was anxious: did she finish? SHE DID! She finished around Sunday noon – after 28 hours 44 min. (inofficial) in 15-16 degree water and similar air temperatures through the night and morning! Apparently without ever complaining or thinking of giving up! At the end, when she could almost touch the ferries going out of Calais harbour, it still took her 2 more hours to touch the sandy beach west of Calais harbour at 12:13.
See the > BBC video and interview
> Daily Telegraph article > Daily Mail
Kevin Murphy, King of the Channel (34 crossings) wrote to her on our Channel Chat group:
“Jackie
Your courage and determination are an inspiration to us all, during the swim itself and during the years you have spent training in Dover.
When the going gets tough; when the demons threaten our will to keep putting one arm in front of the other; we just have to remember – Jackie did it and achieved the dream.
I confess that when I first met you I had my doubts. I should have known better.
More than most, I have a fair idea what you went through and I add my voice to those from around the world who salute you.
Your swim will be remembered in the annals of Channel swimming as a true epic.
Kevin Murphy”
Only a few days before Australian marathon champion Chloe McCardel (25) had done her successful double crossing in only 21 hours 48 min. (after not being able to finish the second leg last year) – the beauty of determination and speed and the beauty of determination and persistance!
The last few days were a perfect illustration for one of my favourite aphorisms by my late teacher Sri Chinmoy, which explains in a few simple words the value of such “otherworldly” achievements:
“Individual self-transcendence collectively inspires humanity at large.” – Sri Chinmoy
Also very true but not at all easy:
“It does not matter how slow you go so long as you do not stop.” – Confucius
Recent CommentsCarbon County has filed suit against the Department of Interior in Federal District Court, asserting that several unpaved roads on the Tavaputs Plateau that have historically been used by citizens and maintained by the county do not belong to the federal government.
"We had no choice. They backed us into a corner," declared Commissioner Mike Milovich in an interview Wednesday. He added that the county has no problem with wilderness designation in areas that have been untouched for more than a century.
"They should be protected," he said of the lands in the Desolation Canyon Wilderness Study Area on the east side of the county. However, in areas criss-crossed by dirt roads, there is no way to consider the region pristine wilderness.
The issue has been simmering for months and finally came to a boil when when the Bureau of Land Management ordered locked gates to be placed on four scenic backcountry roads around the Bill Barrett Corp.'s gas field development.
The county protested the unilateral decision by the BLM last July. The commission asserted that while it had agreed to consider a temporary closure of the roads, it would consent if and only if it was done according to Utah law.
That meant a commission decision based on evidence of need and a public hearing. Furthermore, any road closure can only last for two years, the county contended.
"The land is being managed in the interest of a minority, instead of for the majority," stated Commissioner John Jones in an earlier interview on wilderness issues facing the county.
Jones said wilderness advocates have persuaded the federal government to lock people out of recreational and economic areas they have used for generations.
Milovich called the lawsuit unfortunate but necessary because the county has a responsibility to maintain access the the area for recreation, ranching and energy production.
The Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance was instrumental in the environmental negotiations that were part of the the agreement allowing Barrett to proceed with full field development.
SUWA attorney Steve Bloch told the Sun Advocate that he could not comment on the merits of the county's case because he had not had time to review the filing.
In general, however, he said that SUWA and the groups it represents have "a direct and vested interest in keeping those roads in federal ownership."I downloaded the demo of this cruelty ‘em up sequel yesterday, and was intending on posting about it only once I’d played it. Sadly, it sternly refuses to install on my system (I’m running Windows 7, so have no-one to blame except myself. And the hair thieves who come in the night and steal my eyebrows, obviously), so instead all I can say is this: there is a demo, which is just under a gig in size. And you should play it, because this game of imp-herding and people-murdering looks very promising. Right, I’m going to go see if I’ve still got a hard drive with poxy Vista installed somewhere…
Edit – turns out my download was borked. A new’un has installed fine – whee!
12/06/2009 at 20:19 Chris Evans says:
Odd that you couldn’t get it to install, it was very smooth on my Windows 7 machine. Only problem I had was that it didn’t work with the Steam overlay..
12/06/2009 at 20:26 Linfosoma says:
That means I won’t be able to try it either I guess =(
First game I’ve seen doesn’t works in the glorious win 7.
12/06/2009 at 20:26 Dominic White says:
It took a few years, but it seems that the Pikmin clone is on the rise – Overlord 2 and Little Kings Story out around now, and both taking a Miyamoto formula and putting a spin on it.
Good to see, really.
12/06/2009 at 20:28 Flappybat says:
Feels a lot like the original just with the graphics improved a bit, unfortunately that means a totally linear game with lukewarm evil and a feeling that it should be better.
12/06/2009 at 20:39 Heliocentric says:
The previous game was like 10% of the massive world changing epic it wanted to be. Don’t get me wrong that 10% was fun, but the game either had great ideas and didn’t work them through of stupid ideas and overused them. The mouse control was needlessly gimped, if was play the original or likely the new demo the 360 pad is likely the way to go. Why can’t we get an open world game with minions? Gothics summons seem a good candidate but i’m not far in that.
12/06/2009 at 20:42 Chris Evans says:
First play of the demo I used keyboard and mouse, it didn’t work that well at all. However as soon as I started to use my 360 pad it all became better :D
I share the same feelings as Flappybat, from the demo it felt just like the original, just with better graphics (I said as much in my little hands on on The Reticule). However the demo is too short to get any real understanding of what the full game will be like.
Redownloading the original on Steam to try that out again, evilness will prevail!
12/06/2009 at 21:27 MrBejeebus says:
downloading now, when i played through the 1st 1 i was feeling the whole time “this could be better”..
12/06/2009 at 21:43 Paul Moloney says:
I’m getting 20Kbps from GamersHell – the site is well-named.
P.
12/06/2009 at 21:51 MonkeyMonster says:
Loved the first, though never managed final baddie – or rather could ever be arsed. Its looking plush and I find k + m fine. Nice to see the same vein of silly evil – afaik though you can be far more evil than before.
12/06/2009 at 21:58 Hoernchen says:
First the demo, then the full game – finally a dev gets it right.
12/06/2009 at 22:19 Bob says:
@Paul Moloney: I’m getting 1.6 MB/s. :p
12/06/2009 at 22:46 Punjab says:
Steal you hair they do, sell it into slavery.
12/06/2009 at 22:51 Dan says:
I enjoyed the first game, up to the point I stopped playing without completing it (some late-game boss fight).
This demo seems a step backwards… I never had any particular issue with the controls or camera on the PC for #1, but I had multiple cases of the camera flipping out, and the controls felt terrible.
12/06/2009 at 23:01 ids says:
I have so much fun with the demo and is wrong to be clubbing baby seals. Also the graphics are vary nice
12/06/2009 at 23:23 Serondal says:
I think the best open world minions game out there is Mount and Blade. There is nothing really like it.
13/06/2009 at 00:25 Dominic White says:
The original Overlord was one of the most chronically misunderstood games I’ve seen. Almost everyone expected it to be like Dungeon Keeper, or maybe Fable, or something like that, despite every preview I’d read in the year+ leading up to release saying that it’s a Pikmin clone.
Yes, Pikmin. That cute little Gamecube game where you lead around four kinds of colour-coded minions to fight and die for you, and also do all your heavy lifting.
Overlord 2 is going to be even more Pikmin, and people will still expect something else from it. These people are unreasonable, but it won’t stop them from being dissapointed because they’ve come up with an imaginary non-game in their heads that they’re comparing to something real.
13/06/2009 at 01:02 Kast says:
Terrible demo, but so was the original game’s. It didn’t feature any of the corruptive/destructive choices, no puzzles or battles of any real skill and the most we saw of the tower (or stalegtite, I guess) was the menu screen.
Yes I still believe I will greatly enjoy this game. Do not judge the game on this experience (I know, it goes against instinct) – you’ve been handed nothing more than the tutorial.
13/06/2009 at 01:45 Hoernchen says:
Unfortunately it looks like they did not fix the occasional control issue, i.e. where you can’t get out of the lmb-rmb-button-pressed-mode…
13/06/2009 at 01:53 Ginger Yellow says:
What Dominic said. Overlord is Pikmin, folks. A very shiny, slightly evil, over the shoulder Pikmin. And that’s a good thing.
I can’t believe nobody’s mentioned the main thing that lifts this above the original – the minimap. That alone makes it an instant purchase for me.
Apparently minions don’t properly die in this one either – they can be resurrected, armour and all.
13/06/2009 at 05:28 JKjoker says:
i hope they made the blues actually useful and the reds get to actually do “some” damage, there was very little incentive to use them over browns or greens in the first one
13/06/2009 at 12:17 grimskin says:
the appearance of the minimap it great !
but minions seems broken :( after killing a fluffy or breaking a chest they didn’t loot treasures/weapons/lifeforce, they simply come back to you :( hope they fix this issue.
13/06/2009 at 14:17 Chris Evans says:
Yea the minimap is really good, a big improvement over the first game.
I also had those issues with minions grimskin, seems a bit odd..
13/06/2009 at 16:01 Olix says:
@JKjoker
I think you are doing something wrong if you had no use for blues. They bring your guys back to life! This is really handy.
13/06/2009 at 16:28 Pidesco says:
The problem with the original game was that being evil was made lame. Killing hobbits lost the whole fun when they weren’t all rosy and perfect going around pressing wild flowers.
13/06/2009 at 17:45 Wacky says:
Why do people complain of Overlord 1/2’s Mouse and Keyboard controls?If you’ve been using them for a while these games should be a breeze.I’ve finished the first just fine with them.
The demo is pretty short and underwhelming,but then again so was the demo for the first game.I am really glad they finally added a minimap though.
13/06/2009 at 18:17 Heliocentric says:
The mouse and keyboard controls get complaints because they were less dynamic than the pad controls. For no good reason you couldn’t fight freely and guide minions as you could with a pad.
13/06/2009 at 19:03 Raisinhat says:
Feels just like overlord 1, only shinier and with more interesting things to do.
Which is a very good thing – I loved the first one despite its flaws because it was charming and well written and if this can do the same then I’ll definately be purchasing.
13/06/2009 at 19:59 Howard says:
While Overlord nicked a few basic concepts from Pikmin. saying it is a Pikmin clone is unwarranted. Pikmin is a damned fine game while Codies cheap imitation lacked anything to make it endearing.
Poor controls, awful boss fights and the most constrictive, linear path I’ve ever seen in a game made it a very poor package all round.
Can’t see this new one being any different either, particularly as Codies have continued to get worse and worse in recent years.
13/06/2009 at 21:03 JKjoker says:
@Olix : they would if the AI worked right, if you leave them in “follow” mode most of the time they wont resurrect allies (i would say *never* but i’ve seen them do it once or twice), for them to actively do their job you need to set them into an area and that’s really annoying micro with the crappy controls, they are also so weak that they keep getting killed all the freaking time (the reds at least try to stay alive), so you are forced to leave them behind (more annoying micro), you will lose less guys if you have more fighters than if you waste part of your army slots on blues, if they didn’t have the two puzzle based traits “walk on water + only ones able to harm magic enemies” i wouldn’t even use them
13/06/2009 at 22:09 grimskin says:
2JKjoker – you can also send them to the corpses to do their job, without setting them a marker. no micro needed this way :)
14/06/2009 at 00:35 DSX says:
a demo! For MEEEEE!
14/06/2009 at 05:39 JKjoker says:
@grimskin: you mean selecting only blues and send 1 “homing” in the direction of the body ?, never tried it, well it sounds better than the area thing but it only works if they are dying 1 at a time and you risk having the blue engage the enemy with their puny melee attack and their minuscule hit points
14/06/2009 at 08:36 Henrik J says:
Anyone know of a way to change the controls? I hate WSAD
15/06/2009 at 04:19 Jonathan says:
I just picked up the original for cheap, and am enjoying it with a Logitech gamepad. It’s very funny, and really not quite as evil as it pretends to be (so far I’m doing the same fetch and kill quests that I would do as a hero in a normal action game). It’s very restrictive, and the art style is also is like Fable. I can see myself getting tired of it if it doesn’t pick up steam soon, but I love these little minions.
16/06/2009 at 03:26 Ben says:
Is the assertion failure part of the messed up download?
I get that error every time I try to run the game.
23/06/2009 at 20:35 Clubbin wit seals says:
@Ben
i have the same problem, no clue why. hoping i can find out soon. btw i downloaded the demo via Steam
03/05/2010 at 16:19 Mikel says:
How do I change my controls after I saved them? :SRPSEA Member Meeting
Denver, Colorado
RPSEA Member Meeting
Released Presentations
· 2007 Annual Plan recap and proposal review
o Offshore - Ultra-Deepwater (PDF 1225 KB)
o Onshore - Unconventional
o Small Producers (PDF 263 KB)
· "Working with RPSEA/The Proposal Process" (PDF 473 KB)
· 2008 Draft Annual Plan and 2009 Focus
o Offshore - Ultra-Deepwater (PDF 585 KB)
o Onshore - Unconventional
o Small Producers (PDF 650 KB)
· Supporting Natural Gas and Oil R&D - The Energy Coalition (PDF 182 KB)
· Innovation Center - A Showcase for New Technologies (PDF 146 KB)
· Young Professionals in Energy (PDF 481 KB)
· Rice Energy Overview (PDF 2421 KB)
RPSEA Member Meeting
August 29, 2007
Sugar Land, Texas
Agenda
Released Presentations
· Membership status review
· Update on RPSEA activities and strategic initiatives
· RPSEA Program Elements review
o Offshore – Ultra-Deepwater
o Onshore – Unconventional
· NETL complementary program
· Request for proposals, solicitation process and timing
· Doing business with RPSEABo, his wife Beth and their two daughters live a middle class lifestyle. He is wondering whether it makes sense to "move up", which means that movie making not only has to achieve his main purpose of saying something meaningful, but also has to be... Written by Huggo
Alex in Wonderland is a great movie. As usual there are users on IMDb who are dissing this movie, telling: ooh, this is the worst D. Sutherland movie, it's so boring, this is not actually a movie (sic!)more short scenes bla bla bla...that's normal. They have a different taste, they've expected something else, who knows....some familiar people were dissing lot of other great directors, you know the ones which were categorized as unconventional, as if movies should been made conventional and well structured including dramaturgish suspense romance and being thrilling also and having "well written screenplayed executived characters"...or: they're knowledge in movies could fill a regular bean halfway....
Alex in Wonderland is a near to life movie. I've found myself in some scenes or better, my thoughts. D. Sutherland is bombing in his role playing really deep. He is a long-haired, bearded, free -soul director, who's trying to find a subject for his next movie...and then a lot of funny & strange things are taking place...(what a plot description)
It's a movie for your brain & eyes, it's colorful and chilling and warm and intimate and surreal and sad...and it also leaves room for your own thoughts.
For all you cine-dudes and D. Sutherland fans give this gem a try. (You can also catch it on TCM)
And don't give this dumb user any importance who was saying "And what's with the "pedofile" scene at the beginning of the movie"...What a jerking doh-doh! In this particularly scene Alex Morrison takes a bath with his child. Which loving father or mother on this holy earth wouldn't take a bath with their own beloved child...If you call that a "pedofile" scene, then there is no hope for you fella, you're just sick & rotten....you're head is empty.Published: December 29, 2013
Notices
Pleasant Hill Cemetery Co. will meet in the home of Mona Rae Roberts at 4:30 p.m. Tuesday.
New Year’s Eve watch night service will be held at 7 p.m. Tuesday at Nazareth Baptist Church, 123 N. Lincoln St., Washington. For more information, call 724-225-8211.
All-you-can-eat breakfast to benefit Sons of American Legion will be held from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Sunday at American Legion Post 175, 168 Park Ave., Washington. Cost is $5.I actually did my homework at home for once and didn't wait till my first period study hall.
I think it's due to listening to music only though xD.
You know, I was watching a video from SeaNanners today.
The first episode he did on MC in 2010.
I noticed how much more bright, simple, and fun Minecraft was.
I feel the game has gotten WAY too complicated and in depth.
The colors I feel have been moved into a darker shade and I just feel the game has gone downhill rather than up.
I though the game was amazing the first time I played it. But I don't know if I like it anymore.
I can hardly get a map that's worth playing anymore because it's either dens forests with no where to make a base, or some other bad obstacle.
I feel the "survival" objective the game first presented has turned into a complicated mess with enchantments etc and all these new enemies.
I would get an older version but the issue is then, the new features I actually enjoy, like creative mode etc, will be gone.
I find the game becoming frustratingly too changed.
So I was thinking of going to art school, I haven't decided fully but I don't know what specifically I would do. I enjoy to sit down and let my ideas flow rather than be given a specific task to do.
Suggestions? I can answer questions that might help.
I just need to know some good choices for someone who likes to draw their own things rather than like, an engineer or something.
I am bored with Minecraft. Any ideas? I do some stuff in my Creative Mode occasionally. BUT, I need ideas for survival etc. SO I can get back into it.
So apparently they are making a SF v Tekken game.
This makes me mad.
First of all the destroyed the great SF games we knew and loved with their SF4 and SSF4 ****.
Now they're combining it with Tekken.
This isn't ****ing Marvel v. Capcom.
Seriously what's next, are they going to make a new Halo where you get to be Cortana? This is ridiculous!General News of Wednesday, 14 November 2012
Source: GNA
A group of lecturers from the various tertiary institutions, calling themselves “Intellectuals for National Development” (IND), have expressed their opinion on the free Senior High School (SHS) discourse, saying it is feasible and cannot wait.
The group said considering the resources of the country, infrastructure and teachers, “there is absolutely no excuse to delay introduction of free SHS in Ghana”.
They said with determination and the right priorities, backed by political goodwill and the integrity of the leadership, nothing was impossible.
Dr George Mainoo, the Communication Director of the group, said this at a press conference held at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) in Kumasi.
He said the inability of previous governments to make education free was mainly due to the lack of funds but the picture was now different as the “nation at the moment had enough resources to meet the full cost of secondary education”.
“Ghana, once a Highly Indebted Poor Country (HIPC) with a Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of about US$6 billion as at 1992 can now boast of GDP of about US$37.12 billion as at 2012 and a middle income nation.”
He said additionally, it has become an oil-producing country with the potential to become an industrialized nation and that “any action vigorously embarked upon to reduce corruption and setting priorities would make money available for education.”
Highlighting some benefits the country stood to gain with the policy, Dr Mainoo said it has the potential to provide abundant and quality supply of human resources to support its industrialization.
Again, it would improve the quality of life and income levels of the people as parents could save money for other things.
He rejected the claim that the free SHS could compromise the quality of the nation’s education saying the policy “implies the provision of a comprehensive educational programme emanating from the 1992 constitution and emphasizing principles of social justice for every Ghanaian school going child, irrespective of his/her background”.From: Joe A. Friberg (JoeFriberg@email.msn.com)
Date: Thu Oct 14 1999 - 13:43:34 EDT
Sometimes these threads just don't go the way the originator intended! My
apologies in return for the digression!
----- Original Message -----
From: N & RJ Hanscamp <nar.hanscamp@clear.net.nz>
Sent: Wednesday, October 13, 1999 4:22 PM
> Lexically this may be the case [discussing the meaning of aor. imp.
LABETE], but in the context Jesus had effectively
> thrown the grapes to them and then said "Catch". They seemed to have no
> choice in the matter. Is this the force of the imperative?
A good way to approach your question would be through the lens of Speech Act
theory. (See my very recent post under the thread "Illocutionary.")
Note that the relationship between the participants in the communication
situation is of importance: Jesus was an aknowledged authority/leader to
whom the disciples had submitted, as demonstrated by their having followed
him for x years, and by their present huddling together now even after his
death. They are still following him.
So, they have placed themselves under his authority, and he utters
"take/receive." It seems to me that from his position of authority, he
actually *confers* the Spirit on them by his words. At the same time, his
words *explain* what he is doing (apart from his verbalization, they would
not know positively what he was doing!). Further, he *promises* to give
them the Holy Spirit.
Thus, the single utterance seems to carry three of Austin's five broad
illocutionary functions:
exercitive: confer Holy Spirit
expositive: explain what he is doing
commissive: promise/commit to giving HS
Hope that helps!
> >Another quick example that comes to mind of lexicalized aspect in English
> is
> >'enter' vs. 'go in'. 'Enter' focuses on crossing the threshold.
>
>
> So 'receive' in this case focuses on ... the moment of reception?
Yes, because of the *aorist* tense/mood.
God Bless!
Joe A. Friberg
Arlington, Texas
JoeFriberg@alumni.utexas.net
MA Linguistics
MA TheologyAt some disputed barricade . . .
I have a rendezvous with Death
On some scarred slope of battered hill . . .
But I've a rendezvous with Death
At midnight in some flaming town -Seeger
There was a remarkable admission of the fragility of the military mission the president has ordered escalated in Afghanistan which came from Adm. Mike Mullen, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. At Camp Lejeune Monday, the admiral told a group of 700 departing troops, "We don't have a lot of time. We've got about 18-24 months -- the slope on this insurgency is going in the wrong direction " We've got to turn that insurgency around -- reverse the momentum is what Gen McChrystal says is his top priority of this insurgency."
"We are not winning, which means we are losing and as we are losing, the message traffic out there to the (insurgency) recruits keeps getting better and better and more keep coming," Mullen said. "That's why we need the 30,000 and in particular, and you are the lead on this, getting in there this year, over the next 12 months, almost in lightning bolt fashion."
It's an amazing proposition, on its face, that this heightened counterinsurgency campaign in Afghanistan can accomplish in 18-24 months with 200,000 troops what the Army's own manual on COIN says would take a minimum of 600,000 to have any significant success in cowing insurgent populations into submission.
It's a dicey proposition because the success of the president's military enterprise in Afghanistan presumes that, on the other side of the offensive line our military forces draw in the dirt, the rest of the Afghan population will line up behind the regime we've enabled into power out of gratitude and appreciation for the beneficence of U.S. cash the administration plans to invest in the institutions which governments rely on to deliver services, administer justice, and provide the population with basic policing and security.
The admiral described the stakes in their nation-building challenge beyond whatever offensive action planned for the incoming troops.
"I don't underestimate the challenge that President Karzai has, not just at the national level in Kabul, but throughout the country down to its tribal leaders, to deliver security goods and services to the Afghan people and if we don't get that right. If we don't get that right -- 30,000, 60,000, 90,000 -- it wouldn't make any difference," Mullen said.
It's that political/social component of the Afghanistan enterprise, which is meant to serve as the panacea for the administration's cautions that their ambitions in Afghanistan 'can't be solved by military means alone'. Yet it is a dilemma of our present political system that the president finds it easier to commit troops to fight and die and get Congress to cough up the money than it is to generate support among legislators for the investments in the aid and development side of nation-building - which this White House and Pentagon will need to transform the results of their escalated occupation from a mere redrawn line in the dirt to the political and military buffer they envision erecting against their al-Qaeda nemesis next door in Pakistan.
Yet it is the offensive role of the increased forces against the Afghanistan Taliban which will dominate the new mission from the start. Around 900 US Marines and sailors, British troops and more than 150 Afghan soldiers and police took part in Operation Khareh Cobra, or "Cobra's Anger" in the valley of Now Zad justy days after the deployment order was signed for a little over half of the 30,000 troops the president asked for. The aim of the offensive is to make good on President Obama's direction in the presentation of his plan to use the increased force to give the Afghan regime and military the 'space to take over'.
It doesn't take much imagination to wonder about the consequences of the blowback which is certain to come from the military rousting of the Afghan resistance communities, but Michele Flournoy, the Pentagon's policy chief, in testimony Monday at the American Enterprise Institute, expressed confidence that the military offensive would push the Taliban back on their heels.
"In general (the insurgents) have got to be worried," she said Monday at the American Enterprise Institute. "I think what they tried to do is create the conditions for reassessment that would lead for the US to start pulling out its forces," she said.
"And what do they get instead? They get an additional 30,000 (troops), plus an allied show of resolve, an increased commitment, an increased investment," she said. "On the other side of the border, they're coming under pressure from the Pakistani military that they've never experienced before."
However, this weekend, Sen. Russ Feingold questioned the actual placement of troops as he understood them. "Pakistan, in the border region near Afghanistan, is perhaps the epicenter of global terrorism, although al Qaida is operating all over the world, in Yemen, in Somalia, in northern Africa, affiliates in Southeast Asia, he Secretary of State put the military mission and concerns about Pakistan's border with Afghanistan at the head of her remarks before the Senate Foreign Relation's committee this week. ," she told the senators.
," she warned.
She sought to assure those listening in the committee and abroad that the U.S. is in the Afghanistan enterprise for the long haul. "Our resolve in this fight is reflected in the commitment of troops since the President took office, and in the significant civilian commitment that will continue long after our combat forces begin to leave," she said.Smart & Final is the perfect one-stop shopping location for the holidays. Products range from private label items to national brands, from small household sizes to large bulk sizes, and from fresh produce to kitchen supplies. And the best part is, prices are substantially lower than traditional grocery stores, allowing you to save money during […]Brazoria Community
Historical Museum
Brazoria, TX
(August 2008)
Brazoria Public School
This historic public school is now the location of the Brazoria Chamber
of Commerce and a museum
Brazoria Chamber of Commerce
202 West Smith Street
Brazoria, Texas 77422
Tel: 979-798-6100
While traveling down SH-35 in Brazoria, look for the statue of Henry
Smith. The 1933 school house will be directly behind the statue. Inside
the building there are artifacts from the War Between the States,
African-American History, Women's Rights, Agriculture, Sulfur Mining,
and Wildlife
(August 2008)
Enlarge Civil War-Era Money at Brazoria
Museum
A Confederate $2 Bill, a Mexican 5 Peso Coin, and a US 2 Cent Coin are
on display. During the years 1861-1865 this money would have been used
in Texas and the Confederacy. Mexican coinage was especially used in the
Confederacy due to a lack of coinage
Private David Cook of Co. "K", Likens' 35th Texas Cavalry Regiment CSA
reported on January 4, 1864 from not too far from here that he drew two
months pay in US dollars (Not Confederate Money). He also mentioned at
other times that Confederate money was not valuable
(August 2008)
Enlarge Artifacts uncovered around
Brazoia
This is a display of artifacts unearthed in the Brazoria area. Due to
the value of the artifacts and large numbers of relic hunters, specific
locations were not given. One should keep in mind two large Confederate
coastal forts, a headquarters for the Confederate Army in the District
of Texas, numerous skirmishes, and blockade running all were located in
Brazoria County
(August 2008)
Enlarge Buttons
Among the clothing buttons is a large Confederate Block "I" button. For
Confederate troops the large block "I" denotes infantry and was worn on
jackets. In the photo there may or may not be some frame belt buckles,
too
(August 2008)
Enlarge Grape Shot
These would be fired from a cannon as an anti-personnel weapon with
terrible effect at close range
(August 2008)
Enlarge Texas Star Oval Belt Plate
There are some dug bullets, both fired and unfired, but what really
grabs the attention is the Texas Star Oval Belt Plate dug in the area.
Unfortunately the photo taken on August 16th was the best photo that
could be taken due to the lighting issues
Brazoria Page1
Page2
Sites by State Home
Site IndexOrganic Body Powder Luxury by Miessence
Perfect for daily use on your baby and on you! Powder keeps your babies bum dry every nappy change. An Australian Product with the highest standard of BFA organic certification. Ingredients: A calming and uplifting aromatic blend of orrisroot, cornstarch, kaolin, lavender, chamomile and tangerine. 100gm.The Five Year Engagement
Synopsis
When Tom (Jason Segel) popped the question, Violet (Emily Blunt) immediately said yes. But saying "I do" may take a little longer because work and life keep delaying the wedding plans. The Five Year Engagement.
Latest News
Unfortunately we have no news to report on this title at this time.
Talk2YrKids
Check back later for discussion ideas on this title.
Home Video
The Five Year Engagement is available on home video. Check this page for full information, along with alternative video titles.
Looking for something else? We've got some other home video titles related to The Five Year Engagement.
Just as good as the 1st one with one but, namely how much it takes to get the pants on fire... couldn't be bothered :D
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Yes! Now Burrito Bison is back!
Now with alot of upgrades and more action than never!
I really glad for the saves don't get deleted anymore.
Rated 5 / 5 stars
This is like Toss the Turtle,but with better graphics!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
This is a fun game killing gummies
But i always felt bad killing Chubby Gummie they look so sad i don't like killing them
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Omg it's back. Finally :;:DThe University of Queensland School of Economics, Faculty of Business, Economics and Law, Brisbane, Australia
Professor in Economics
The UQ School of Economics is among the leading departments in Australia as evidenced by the 2010 Excellence in Research in Australia survey and the 2012 RePEc rankings. The School is ranked in the top five percent of economics research institutions internationally. The School has excellent researchers in many areas of economics, including econometrics, development economics, experimental economics, evolutionary economics, and economic theory. The School is internationally-recognized for its research strengths in microeconomic theory and efficiency and productivity analysis. There are two ARC professorial Fellows, one ARC Federation Fellow and one ARC Postdoctoral Fellow on staff as well as a number of research academics working on externally funded projects. In addition to research, the School has a strong commitment to delivering high quality economics training. A number of the School's academic staff have won prestigious national teaching awards and our teaching programs benefit significantly from the high quality research being conducted in the School.
JOB DESCRIPTION: The School is seeking to appoint two professors - one in Econometrics and another in Applied Economics or Macroeconomics or Development Economics - to further enhance the School's performance and international reputation.
JOB QUALIFICATIONS: Applicants to these positions should have an outstanding research publication record, established academic reputation and demonstrated excellence in teaching. It is expected that applicants will continue to excel in research and provide academic leadership and contribute to the excellent research and teaching environment within the School.
REMUNERATION: This is a full-time, continuing appointment at Academic Level E. The remuneration package is AUD$151,735 p.a., plus employer superannuation contribution of 17 percent (total package will be AUD$177,530). A salary loading on top of this package may be negotiated.
FURTHER INFORMATION: For further information regarding the positions and other enquiries contact Professor Flavio Menezes, Head of the School. Phone: +61 7 33656242 or via email: f.menezes@uq.edu.au
APPLICATION PROCEDURE: To submit an application for this role, visit. All applicants must supply the following documents: Cover letter, Resume and Selection Criteria responses. Applications close 31 August 2012.
Reference No. 493614
UQ is an equal opportunity employer.
Posted 7/23/12Writers minister’ jokes.
The rabbi is Levi Cunin of Chabad in Malibu, who we last featured during the Malibu fires, when he packed a Torah scroll in the back of his car in case they had to evacuate.
* Update: NBC got this video yanked from YouTube because of copyright issues.
The jokes are an interesting contrast.
Only the priest tells a joke on himself; Rabbi Cunin tells a ‘Jews are smart’ joke and makes the priest in his story sound all Kosher for Passover; the minister’s joke is vaguely sexist.
They are LOL material,.Hi,
I'm having problems interpreting the concept and meaning of the cutoff value for performing the clustering operation used in MOTHUR. That said, how I'm supposed to know which cutoff value should I use? And what effect does it have in the restriction during clustering sequences into OTUs?
Thank youFirst, they ran a graphic called "Selections and Sights" which listed the WAR of the starting lineups for both the AL and NL squads. Not only was Kemp's 5.7 WAR the highest of any of the NL starters (Roy Halladay at 5.0 was the nearest contestant), it was second only to Jose Bautista's 6.0 WAR among both starting lineups. Oh, and Mr. 3000 Derek Jeter? 0.0 WAR.
Second, national columnist Tyler Kepner gave away his mid-season awards, and NL MVP went to Kemp:
NL MOST VALUABLE PLAYER Matt Kemp, Los Angeles. Both MVP races could test voters’ habit of limiting candidates to those from winning teams. Kemp plays for the also-ran Dodgers but is clearly the league’s top player. Runner-up: Jose Reyes, Mets.
Go do us proud Tuesday night, Kemp!
1 comments:
Also-ran Dodgers?
(cries like a schoolgirl)What do you love about New York?
1. Central Park is an oasis in a concrete jungle. It’s quiet and sounds like nature. The people watching is great and it offers something for everyone.
2. The West Village. I like the old New York vibe—the restaurants, the shopping and the walking.
3. I love Lincoln Center because in a nutshell you get a taste of the best of culture that New York has to offer in a very beautiful environment: theater, music, dance, opera, art, restaurants and communal outdoor areas.
See what other New Yorkers love about this city. To join the conversation and share your favorite things about New York, post to Facebook and Twitter using #WeLoveThisCity34
Previous Ruling
Next Ruling
NY I83534
July 16, 2002
CLA-2-63:RR:NC:N3:351 I83534
CATEGORY:
CLASSIFICATION
TARIFF NO.:
6307.90.9889 kayak hatch cover from Canada; Article 509
Dear Mr. Jaremco:
In your letter dated May 1, 2002, you requested a ruling on the tariff classification and status under the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) of a hatch cover for a kayak, from Canada. Your letter is a follow-up to our earlier response, file I82464, in which we requested additional information; you have now supplied that information.
You submitted a sample of item RTI – 1220. It is a black neoprene hatch cover with a stretch cord sewn around the perimeter that allows it to be tightly secured over the hatch of a kayak. It has a nylon webbing pull tab. Your sample will be returned as requested.
The applicable tariff provision for the hatch cover will be
6307.90.9889
, Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States Annotated (HTSUSA), which provides for made up textile articles, other. The general rate of duty will be 7% ad valorem.
You state that the neoprene fabric will be manufactured in Taiwan but cut and sewn in Canada. Thus, the non-originating neoprene fabric used to make the hatch cover has satisfied the changes in tariff classification required under HTSUSA General Note 12(t)/63(4.). The hatch cover will be entitled to a free rate of duty under the NAFTA upon compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and agreements. The country of origin of the hatch cover is Canada.
Your letter also inquires about the proper country of origin marking for this item, which is sold to the manufacturer of the kayaks in the United States. You ask if the marking of the shipping container rather than the individual items would be sufficient for origin marking purposes as the hatch coverFollowing.
On June 19, the P&Z’s hearing focused on the EDC’s proposal to allow distribution centers, warehouses, and/or wholesale businesses as uses allowed under the “special permit” or “special exception” review process.
Special permit applications require an applicant to provide much more detail on proposed construction projects than “permitted use” applications. Such special permit applications also provide the P&Z with more discretion in specifying the terms of an approval.
The EDC made the M-2A zoning rule change proposal to the P&Z in light of the town’s plans to expand the Hawleyville sanitary sewer system, an action that EDC members expect will increase the development potential of two large undeveloped land parcels in the M-2A zone.
Those properties are a 103-acre parcel with frontage at 10 Hawleyville Road, and a 34-acre parcel with frontage at 90 Mt Pleasant Road. Those properties have rugged terrain, with steep slopes and wetlands.
Whippoorwill Hill Road-area residents who attended the June 19 P&Z hearing objected to the proposed zoning rule change, raising issues including pollution, industrial noise, damage to property values, truck traffic, wetlands protection, and generally the potential adverse effects of industrial development near the Whippoorwill Hill Road neighborhood, according to P&Z records.
Whippoorwill Hill Road is a residential dead-end street that extends northward from Mt Pleasant Road. It lies near both of the large parcels that have M-2A zoning.
Following the 74-minute public hearing, P&Z members expressed a variety of objections to adding the three proposed uses to the M-2A zoning regulations.
A P&Z motion to make the changes failed to draw a second, resulting in that motion failing.
An ensuing motion resulted in the P&Z unanimously rejecting the M-2A rule change proposal.
The planned sewer system expansion will involve extending sewer lines to the general vicinity of the intersection of Mt Pleasant Road and Hawleyville Road, in the general area near the large land parcels with M-2A zoning that town officials have long eyed as potential economic development sites.
“Permitted uses” currently allowed in the M-2A zone include laboratories for research, design, and experimentation; office buildings; light industrial uses; and hotels and conference centers.
“Special permit” uses currently allowed in the M-2A zone include recreation/sports facilities including indoor/outdoor golf courses, dance studios, health and fitness centers, facilities for racquetball, squash, basketball, volleyball, tennis, baseball, football, soccer, lacrosse, field hockey, and track and field, as well as swimming pools and ice rinks, among others.
“Accessory uses” allowed in the M-2A zone include stores, personal services businesses, financial institutions, restaurants, child daycare centers, and adult daycare centers. Plate Number 5 392605 for Lock-N-Load AP and Pro-Jector will work effectively with most calibers. Each plate on the Number 5 Shell Plate by Hornady also holds extra calibers with the same dimensions. This piece of Hornady Gunsmith and Reloading Equipment fits the Lock-N-Load AP (both EZ-Ject and wire ejector models) and Pro-Jector presses, putting the Hornady #5 Shell Plate among the more compatible shell plates available. This Gunsmith and Reloading Equipment is critical gear for any hand-loader.C1850 Sandwich Pontil Loop Petal Canary Vaseline Candlestick Candle Holder Glows For SaleCa. 1850s Boston Sandwich Open Pontil Loop & Pressed Petal Canary Vaseline Candlestick Candle Holder Glows --Ready To Use!
UP FOR sale
A hard to find Sandwich
Pressed petal andloop candle holder,bright canary yellow with hint of vaseline green,six petal socket with a hexagonal extension,seven loop circular base with rough pontil mark, wafer construction in between. ca. 1840s - 1860s, Boston & Sandwich Glass Co. and other manufacturers.
Candle holdermeasuresalmost 7"tall to the top,and4 1/4" acrossthe foot.Comparewith other items(Not Included!) in the lastphoto.
The candle stickisin some flat flakes under the socket petals, a hard to see crack in the socket, and some flat flakes on the foot rim.Displays and works great!
Great looking hard to find yellowglasscandle stickfor collection,decoration, terapeak
rog
inkFrog Analytics
This item has been shown 0 times.
C1850 Sandwich Pontil Loop Petal Canary Vaseline Candlestick Candle Holder Glows:
$36
Eapg Oregon Pattern Purple / Blue Iridized Covered Candy Box Dish Glass
C1884 Hobbs Rubina Polka Dot Covered Cheese Dish Cranberry Clear Glass
Vintage Dugan Green Graniteware Granite Ware Rose Bowl With White, Blue Frit
C1909 Eapg Crystal Gold Eagle Drum Childs Mug Westmorland Specialty Glass
2 Vintage Anchor Hocking Olive Green~avocado Green Serving Bowl & Candy Bowl
Victorian Pattern Glass ~ Eapg ~ 7 Pc Berry Bowl Set ~ Blue Painted Panels
Eapg Antique Glass Grape And Gothic Arches Green Butter Dish Northwood C1900
Antique Mary Gregory Hand Painted Optic Panel Footed Ale Glasses ~lot Of 2
Antique Northwood Opalescent Green Red Cherry Cable Panel Butter Dish Vaseline?
Greentown Green Ish White Mug Pressed Glass Eapg
Philadelphia Union vs Sporting Kansas City 10-26-2013 - Preview
Matchcenter
Philadelphia Union vs. Sporting Kansas City | MLS Match Preview
PHILADELPHIA UNION vs SPORTING KANSAS CITY
PPL PARK, Chester, Pa.
Oct. 26, 2013 (WEEK 35, MLS Game #316)
3 p.m. ET (NBC SN)
Philadelphia Union conclude their 2013 MLS home season with the slimmest of chances still alive to gain a place in the MLS Cup Playoffs, facing a Sporting Kansas City still aiming for a Supporters’ Shield, as the Eastern Conference clubs face off Saturday afternoon at PPL Park. Union need a win – and some help – to clinch a postseason berth following their 2-1 loss at Montreal last weekend. Sporting can still clinch the best overall record in MLS with a win and New York’s failure to win on Sunday, coming off a 1-0 home win against D.C. United last week.
DOWNLOAD FULL GAME GUIDE (PDF)
REFEREE: Baldomero Toledo. AR1 (bench): Kermit Quisenberry; AR2 (opposite): Corey Parker; 4th: Silviu Petrescu
MLS Career: 165 games; FC/gm: 25.1; Y/gm: 3.4; R: 60; pens: 61
DISABLED LIST: PHI: Greg Jordan
SUSPENDED: PHI: Brian Carroll (caution accumulation; through Oct. 27)
WARNINGS:
FINED NEXT YELLOW CARD: PHI: Conor Casey, Danny Cruz, Jack McInerney … KC: Claudio Bieler, Benny Feilhaber, Peterson Joseph, Lawrence Olum, Seth Sinovic
INTERNATIONAL ABSENCES: none
HEAD-TO-HEAD
ALL-TIME (8 meetings): Union 2 wins, 9 goals … Sporting 3 wins, 9 goals … Ties 3
AT PPL PARK (4 meetings): Union 1 win, 7 goals … Sporting 1 win, 4 goals … Ties 2
2013 (MLS)
3/2: PHI 2, KC 3 (Le Toux 17 – Zusi 41; Rosell 66; Bieler 83)
9/27: KC 0, PHI 1 (Casey 36)
- The teams are meeting for the third time this season. Conor Casey scored the game’s only goal in a Union victory Sept. 27 at Sporting Park. Graham Zusi scored one goal and set up two others as Sporting Kansas City took a 3-1 win at PPL Park in the season opener on March 2.
- The road team has won both meetings this season, the first wins all-time by a road team in the series.
- Coaches record: Peter Vermes vs. PHI: P8 W3 L2 D3 … John Hackworth vs. KC: P4 W2 L2 D0
LAST MEETING
-.
- SPORTING KANSAS CITY (4-1-2-3): Jimmy Nielsen - Chance Myers, Ike Opara, Aurelien Collin, Seth Sinovic - Oriol Rosell - Graham Zusi, Benny Feilhaber (Peterson Joseph 75) - Jacob Peterson (Soony Saad 46), Dom Dwyer (Claudio Bieler 66), C.J. Sapong.
-).
PHILADELPHIA UNION
Philadelphia Union saw their undefeated run come to an end after three games, falling 2-1 to the Montreal Impact on Saturday afternoon at Stade Saputo. Union are in seventh place in the Eastern Conference with 46 points from 33 matches.
LAST MATCH
- Union seized the lead in the 29th minute. Kleberson’s tremendous through ball found Fabinho’s run on the left, which was followed by an accurate, powerful finish from an acute angle into the roof of the net.
- But the Impact found a breakthrough in the 64th minute. Davy Arnaud played a short pass behind him to Marco Di Vaio, who turned on a Union defender and curled a shot with his right foot, the ball bouncing off a defender but still finding the back of the net to level the score.
- Then in the 84th minute, Impact winger Justin Mapp took a free kick which ultimately reached a wide-open Karl W. Ouimette at the far post, and the youngster’s header hit bodies along the way but somehow trickled past Union goalkeeper Zac MacMath for the winner.
- Union team manager John Hackworth made three changes to the team that reached a 1-1 draw with D.C. United at RFK Stadium. Sheanon Williams came back from suspension, along with Jack McInerney and Fabinho back into the team, in place of Sebastien Le Toux, Keon Daniel and the suspended Michael Farfan.
- PHILADELPHIA UNION (4-4-2): Zac MacMath - Sheanon Williams, Jeff Parke, Amobi Okugo, Raymon Gaddis (Roger Torres 88) - Danny Cruz (Leo Fernandes 76), Jose Kleberson, Brian Carroll, Fabinho - Conor Casey, Jack McInerney (Antoine Hoppenot 67).
TEAM NEWS
- Union lost for the first time since Sept. 14, and in the process saw their playoff ambitions all but put to an end. They can only reach fifth place in the Eastern Conference – and only with a win and both New England and Houston failing to win, plus the right combinations of scorelines.
- “If we are still mathematically alive next weekend, we will put everything we have into it,” Union manager John Hackworth said. “We will put everything we have into it, no matter what. But tonight, especially in the second half, was our opportunity. And we let ourselves down.”
- It was the first time this season Union had lost a game after leading at halftime. It was also just the second time they were defeated after scoring the opening goal.
- “This was a playoff game before the playoffs,” Hackworth said. “Both of us had to win tonight. Our expectation was we were going to come in and get the victory. We did a good job in the first half. We didn’t finish it off in the end.”
- Said Union goalkeeper Zac MacMath: “Giving up two goals like that is unlucky for us – we have to do better. We should’ve tried to get a better control of the game in the second half because I thought we played a very solid first half. It should have been us dictating the game ourselves and not [Montreal] dictating that last 45 minutes.”
- Fabinho scored his first MLS goal, playing the full match on the left side of midfield. He returned to the lineup after missing the D.C. United match through suspension.
- For a second consecutive match, Jose Kleberson recorded an assist. He has been involved in each of Union’s last three goals, over the last three matches, with a goal and two assists.
- .”
- Said Hackworth: “They came out with a lot of energy in the second half and really pushed the game. Honestly, they were pretty good in the second half and got the equalizer and kept pushing after that. We did not do a good job dealing with it.”
SPORTING KANSAS CITY
Sporting Kansas City extended their undefeated and shutout streaks, defeating D.C. United 1-0 on Friday evening at Sporting Park. Sporting are in second place in the Eastern Conference with 55.
- Sporting manager Peter Vermes made two changes to the team that reached a scoreless draw with the Houston Dynamo at BBVA Compass Stadium. Matt Besler came into central defense in place of Aurelien Collin, and Benny Feilhaber started in midfield for Lawrence Olum.
- SPORTING KANSAS CITY (4-2-1-3): Jimmy Nielsen - Chance Myers, Ike Opara, Matt Besler, Seth Sinovic - Oriol Rosell, Benny Feilhaber (Graham Zusi 46) - Peterson Joseph (Lawrence Olum 58) - C.J. Sapong, Dom Dwyer (Claudio Bieler 78), Soony Saad.
TEAM NEWS
- Sporting can still claim the MLS Supporters’ Shield, emblematic of the best overall record in the regular season, with a victory and a New York Red Bulls loss or draw vs. Chicago.
- “It's not easy playing anyone in this league, and when you go up against a team that has absolutely nothing to lose at this time of the year, it's never an easy game,” said SKC manager Peter Vermes. “There's no doubt this wasn't one of our best performances of the year, but at the end of the day we found a way to win, get three points, and keep the pressure on the other teams.”
- Sporting recorded their third consecutive shutout in the win vs. United, and have now not allowed a goal in 324 minutes, the fourth-longest streak in MLS this season. SKC has the longest – a 546-minute streak from March 9-April 20 that included five consecutive shutouts.
- “We were focused from the opening whistle,” defender Matt Besler said. “Tonight was not a pretty game of soccer. There were a few instances where we got some things together. For the most part, it was a battle. It was a grind. The ball was lively today with the rain. I thought we did a good job reacting and not giving up a goal.”
- Jimmy Nielsen recorded his 13th clean sheet in league play, tied for the MLS lead with Portland’s Donovan Ricketts heading into the final week of the season.
- “That’s the kind of save that you respect and want your goalkeeper to keep you in the game,” Vermes said. “He has the ability to make himself really big. Guys have a difficulty of finding a goal and they usually miss. Credit to him, because that kept our three points.”
- Nielsen also holds a 0.88 goals against average heading into the final league match. If he concedes four goals or fewer vs. Philadelphia, it will be the second time in as many seasons he has allowed less than a goal per game over the course of a season.
- Dom Dwyer scored his second league goal for SKC, the first of his career coming Aug. 3. Dwyer has two goals and two assists over the 11 games since that first goal; he’s made five consecutive starts in MLS matches.
- “We have a great team, so I'm always going to get opportunities and chances. When they come I just need to finish them off. Our final ball wasn't quite there tonight and certain things didn't fall our way,” Dwyer said. “But like I said, we got the job done. We'll take this momentum into Wednesday. It's always good to get the ball in the next, but more importantly we won the game.”
- Benny Feilhaber made his first start in the SKC midfield since Sept. 27, missing the last two matches. He played 45 minutes before coming off for Graham Zusi, who returned to the team after missing the Houston match while on international duty.
- “We weren't on tonight like we normally are. But like I said, given the fact that we've had many great performances and come up short quite a few times, it's nice to have the opportunity to walk away with something even though you didn't perform as well,” Vermes said.
- On Wednesday, Sporting secured their passage to the knockout stage of the CONCACAF Champions League following a scoreless draw with CD Olimpia of Honduras at Sporting Park.
- Here’s the Sporting team: Eric Kronberg; Chance Myers, Aurelien Collin, Matt Besler (c), Seth Sinovic; Oriol Rosell, Lawrence Olum, Graham Zusi; Jacob Peterson (Josh Gardner 92+), Teal Bunbury (Dom Dwyer 79), C.J. Sapong
- “Being that this is the first time the club has advanced into this international competition, it was a major goal of ours this year, so I think we're extremely pleased that we've advanced to the knockout stage and we'll start preparing now for next year,” said Vermes.We created Pandora to put the Music Genome Project directly in your hands
It’s a new kind of radio –
stations that play only music you like
Heaven's Way
Features of This Trackpop rock qualities
major key tonality
a vocal-centric aesthetic
mixed acoustic and electric instrumentation
electric pianos
vocal harmonies
These are just a few of the hundreds of attributes cataloged for this track by the Music Genome Project.show moreLouis Van Van Blake Performer Male Productions ProductionsDate of ProductionsThe Honeymoon Express[Musical, Farce, Spectacle, Original] Performer: Louis Van Blake [Personnel of the Chorus]Feb 06, 1913 - Jun 14, 1913 Find out where Louis Van Blake and are credited together © 2001-2015, The Broadway League, All Rights Reserved. (Copyright and Disclaimer) 1 / 5 stars
BK gto distroyed once they switched to xbox. they were better for nintendo :(
Rated 5 / 5 stars
This pretty much sums up how that meeting went. I miss old Rare. :( But good flash. :)
Rated 5 / 5 stars
Donkey Kong was always the best, nuff said.
awesome anim. btw
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars"New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 32May 22nd, 2015
- Minor fixes to chat UI
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 31 (May 22nd, 2015)
- Added option to delete the original torrent after adding to Vuze - Tools->Options->Files->Torrents
- Pick up changes in network more dynamically
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 30 (May 17th, 2015)
- Added Help menu Advanced options to convert bencoded files to JSON and back - this is useful if you want to manually edit (for example) azureus.config as JSON can be relatively safely edited in a text editor.
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 29 (May 17th, 2015)
- Persist ‘private torrent’ state across new-torrent wizard invocations
- Add ‘current version’ to update dialog
- Fix unlimited connection limited announce fallback bug
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 28 (May 13th, 2015)
- Fixed peer’s view file completion sort order
- Added chat visibility option and fixed default nick display
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 27 (May 13th, 2015)
- Show default nick in chat view
- Double-click another nick name to enter them in a message
- Drag+drop archiving, right-click for ‘restore and…’ option for restoring and showing right-click menu
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 26 (May 6th, 2015)
- Support for opening .torrent files that have been gzipped
- Added peer-set based per-peer max upload/download limits
- Implemented deletion in archive view and reduced memory usage
- Fixed sidebar tag ordering bug
- Fixed sidebar config not being maintained from an empty state
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 25 (May 2nd, 2015)
- More archive view changes
- Fixed some tab-switching issues
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 23 (April 28th, 2015)
- Console UI now initializes more of the core to support the ratings plugin and more
- Fixes around website browsing
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 22 (April 26th, 2015)
- Added a sash to the chat view to allow resizing of nick list
- Various other minor fixes
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 21 (April 22nd, 2015)
- Added some more Tag config settings
- TorBrowser plugin now supported for Linux
- Added option to always show torrent content in a browser as a dir listing
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 20 (April 22nd, 2015)
- Get the plugin bar working again (F8 etc)
- Added ‘open in browser’ option to the library double-click actions
- Added a ‘open website in browser’ default and option to do it anonymously
- Added a peer-set option to remove peers when added to the set - this allows you to, for example, restrict peer connections to certain countries
- ‘% done’ display fixes
- Fix double actions occurring with toolbar buttons
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 19 (April 20th, 2015)
- Option to open downloads in anonymous browser
- Browsing of a download now works with incomplete downloads
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 18 (April 15th, 2015)
- Some changes to better support swarm discoveries over non-public nets
- Fixed addition of magnet URIs when passed from a separate process in the ‘console UI’
- Fixed tag menus in Tagging View
- Availability display in open-torrent-options dialoag now takes into account any tracker changes.
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 17 (April 9th, 2015)
- Fixes for issues introduced with the recent toolbar/selected content rework
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 16 (April 5th, 2015)
- Auto-close dialogs when adding torrents via urls copied to clipboard fails
- More toolbar enabling fixes
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 15 (April 3rd, 2015)
- Auto-detect SWT browser related crashes and disable the component
- General selected content fixes
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 14 (April 3rd, 2015)
- Started work on an option to disable use of the internal browser completely to help with users experiencing unresolved crashes in it
- Toolbar enabling on content selection should now work well, please report any issues.
- Fixed decode of torrents that were missing announce-urls
- Fixed auto-opening of sidebar items
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 13 (April 3rd, 2015)
- Added ability to view a download as a website using the right-click ‘Open In Browser’ menu option (under ‘Content’ in the new menu)
- This allows the distribution of website content by torrent. As an example,
- magnet:?xt=urn:btih:OAOJEQXE3CWU5KN5VEC552XL4NQTSR3R&dn=Vuze Wiki&net=Public&net=I2P
- is a copy of the Vuze Wiki made on 2015/3/31 using the ‘HTTrack’ website copier from
- Toolbar rework - please report any weirdness
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 12 (March 27th, 2015)
- Added torrent hash to open-torrent-options
- Added Tag sub-tab view
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 11 (March 25th, 2015)
- Lots of minor fixes
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 10 (March 25th, 2015)
- Fixed double-click in library view showing details tab and erroneously also playing content
- Added some more tag options in the tag overview
- Fixed minor URL rendering glitch in message window
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 09 (March 22nd, 2015)
- Fix performance issue with Library view tags/category maintenance logic
- Extended JSON search template to support positioning in the result array in json search template using “[x]” format.
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 08 (March 21st, 2015)
- Reworked the auto-open sidebar view code, please report any problems
- Added an explicit swarm lookup on general search
- Indented the subscriptions entries
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 07 (March 20th, 2015)
- Tidied up the semantics of %done in a number of places to be consistent with files marked as ‘do not download’
- Added ability to pop-out some of the Library views into separate dialogs so that you can see more than one view at once.
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 06 (March 18th, 2015)
- Brough back client stats peer send/receive stats and added network specific counters
- Remove duplicate chat messages
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 04 (March 11th, 2015)
- Added ability to multi-select tags/category buttons in the main Library views to show downloads belonging to at least one of the selected set (ctrl+click to multi-select)
- 'Tags Overview' view now has sub-tabs to show:
- 1) torrents assigned to the tag
- 2) swarm discoveries for other torrents with a matching tag (matching is by prefix so, for example, a tag named ‘a’ would match any other tags that start with ‘a’)
New in version 5.6.0.1 Beta 02 (March 7th, 2015)
- Fix interface binding on tracker redirects
- Tag discoveries was returning related tags for an existing record
- Open Torrent Window will now suggest tags found via Swarm Discoveries. The button of the tags will have the world icon on them.
New in version 5.6.0.0 (March 7th, 2015)
- New Features:
-
- Core | Swarm merging -
- Core | Option to automatically select files for 'do not download' based on file type suffix
- Core | Device transcodes can now be auto-shared and tagged
- Core | isComplete, percentage and age added to Tag constraint language
- Plug | Decentralized chat -
- Plug | RSS-to-chat plugin -
- Plug | TorBrowser plugin now supports browsing of .i2p content
- Plug | Play-to DLNA enabled devices support
- Plug | Swarm search is now also accessible via right-click menu
- Changes:
- UI | Brazilian Portuguese translation update
- UI | Show decoded magnet URI title in download window
- UI | DHT activity view was showing queued activities - fixed to only show active ones
- UI | Added eepsite and onion site to About Window
- Core | Auto-download subscriptions now scheduled more fairly
- Corrected bugs:
- UI | Status bar tooltip flicker reduced
- UI | Sometimes the sub-tab 'sash' could become inaccessible
- Core | Fix 'is-interested' bug
- Core | Force disconnect duplicate outbound, stuck peers connections
- Plug | Magnet URI plugin not always terminating quickly on successfull torrent download
- Plug | Fixed resource leak in Magnet URI plugin
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 43 (March 1st, 2015)
- Minor fixes preparing for release.
- Please reports any bugs now!
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 42 (February 27th, 2015)
- Various fixes around the toolbar changes
- Extended ‘add tag’ dialog that allows public setting to be easily changed
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 41 (February 26th, 2015)
- Added toolbar icons for local media playback
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 40 (February 19th, 2015)
- Fix DNS leak when using I2P Helper and SOCKS proxy concurrently
- Chat for subscriptions
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 38 (February 17th, 2015)
- Added a simple ‘quick config’ view to the plugin bar - added bar visibility changer to the View menu
- Fixed some plugin items not appearing on the new torrents menu
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 37 (February 13th, 2015)
- Added a create-chat option to status icon
- Fixed reposition in new menu
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 36 (February 12th, 2015)
- You guessed it, more menu fixes!
- Added a ‘swarm merge’ column to show data merging
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 35 (February 10th, 2015)
- More right-click torrents menu fixes
- Subscriptions URL changes were not being persisted reliably
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 34 (February 7th, 2015)
- Various tweaks to the new menu (check box state not yet fixed though)
- Added support for automatically merging the swarms of multiple downloads that share common files (determined by size)
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 33 (February 4th, 2015)
- New Library/My Torrents right click menu
- Fixed Status Bar’s Download/Upload menu on Linux/Mac. You can now click, hold, drag to a speed and let go to set, just like on Windows.
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 32 (January 31st, 2015)
- Added trackers to messaging selection
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 31 (January 27th, 2015)
- This is just B30 rebuilt with a Java 1.6 compiler to fix some cross-compilation issues introduced with a build system update.
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 30 (January 24th, 2015)
- Tabs maximize to detailed view
- Devices now have auto-share-to-tag feature
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 29 (January 23rd, 2015)
- Added subscription menus to the subscriptions view
- Added file logging to messaging windows
- Added messaging view windows limits to config
- Monitor thread activity for high CPU usage to warn about possible issues
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 28 (January 21st, 2015)
- Minor fixes to messaging UI
- Added output redirection to console UI
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 27 (January 18th, 2015)
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 26 (January 16th, 2015)
- Start of comment lookup during torrent addition
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 25 (January 15th, 2015)
- Double click message icon to open all outstanding messages
- Fixed up the download specific messaging key to be more consistent
- Persisted last-seen-message across restarts
- Fixed up disconnect logic for duplicate connections as previous fix was incorrect
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 24 (January 13th, 2015)
- Added logic to kick duplicate incomplete outbound connections
- Added a ‘kick’ option to peers view right-click menu (no ban)
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 23 (January 9th, 2015)
- Added option to hide ‘do not download’ files in the Files View:
- Added option to automatically mark files with configured extensions as ‘do not download’ when adding a torrent:
- Fixed a bug that caused Vuze to incorrectly send ‘interested’ messages to peers.
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 22 (January 8th, 2015)
- Improved the installation flow for anon messaging in a few places
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 21 (January 6th, 2015)
- First snapshot for 2015 - fixed up some address encodings and added some utility functions
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 20 (December 26th, 2014)
- Sharing is now async
- Improved magnet download
- Support multiple concurrent private message channels
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 19 (December 24th, 2014)
- Drag+drop sharing of library content/external files in chat window
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 18 (December 23rd, 2014)
- Schedule subscription updates more fairly
- Browser option for handling non-public URLs
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 17 (December 21st, 2014)
- Fix file download dialog name display for urlencoded titles
- Added ability to specify the rendezvous to use when traversing NAT
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 16 (December 19th, 2014)
- Don’t include file type in name selection in quick-rename dialog
- Added some subscription settings to the right-click menu
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 15 (December 18th, 2014)
- Some translation updates and minor fixes
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 14 (December 17th, 2014)
- Fixed anon-chat links opening as public
- Added explicit indirect read support for RSS feeds
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 13 (December 16th, 2014)
- Fixed some URL encoding issues
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 12 (December 13th, 2014)
- Fix various browser based views not closing properly
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 11 (December 12th, 2014)
- Added ability to generate RSS feed from channel
- Support pause_tag and resume_tag options in speed limit handler
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 10 (December 11th, 2014)
- Added a ‘Chat Overview’ view
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 09 (December 9th, 2014)
- Support .vuze file plugin installs in the wizard
- Support disable upload/download tag rate limits
- Fixed speed limit scheduler to handle disable up/down tag limits
- Right-click copy option added to message view
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 08 (December 6th, 2014)
- Fixed UI highlighting issue when messages truncated
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 07 (December 4th, 2014)
- Minor fixes to messaging UI
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 06 (December 2nd, 2014)
- More sensible default save path location when multi-selecting torrents in open dialog
- Added some error reporting to messaging window
- Fix up non-public network webseeds
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 04 (November 26th, 2014)
- Added persistence to favourite channels
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 03 (November 25th, 2014)
- Some minor additions to chat UI and support for persisting messages across restart.
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 02 (November 21st, 2014)
- Attempted fix for occasional vanishing status bar content
New in version 5.5.0.0 (November 20th, 2014)
-!
New in version 5.5.0.1 Beta 01 (November 20th, 2014)
- Pipe cleaning!
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 45 (November 19th, 2014)
- Trying to diagnose some DHT issues
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 44 (November 18th, 2014)
- Added some notifications for messaging
- OSX users - an updated SWT library has been released - please report any UI strangeness!
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 41 (November 14th, 2014)
- Added messaging icon
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 40 (November 12th, 2014)
- Added quick-view/launch option to the double-click action in File views. This will use quick-view if available for the file, launch otherwise.
- Added right-click menu to links in config panels etc to allow copying of the URL and opening elsewhere
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 39 (November 11th, 2014)
- Minor UI fixes to allow sub-view to get access to their parent views when needed
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 38 (November 10th, 2014)
- Fixed up torrent messaging UI somewhat
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 35 (November 4th, 2014)
- Added ability to set a download’s share ratio. This is a locally maintained value and is not reported to trackers.
- The share ratio is calculated directly from the amounts of data downloaded/uploaded for a torrent so to adjust the share ratio it is necessary to modify these values. To this end the amount downloaded is set to be the size of the download and then the amount uploaded is set to achieve the required share ratio (e.g. a share ratio of 0.5 will set the amount uploaded to half of the download size).
- The intent behind this feature is principally to allow downloads ‘added for seeding’ to be configured in such a way as to play nicely with the seeding rules.
- It is implemented via a new right-click menu item on the ‘Share Ratio’ column in the Library views.
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 10 (September 13th, 2014)
- Fixed metadata download bug with low availability of peers
New in version 5.4.0.1 Beta 4 (August 25th, 2014)
- Added some features to the Speed Limit Scheduler ()
-
New in version 5.4.0.0 (August 14th, 2014)
-
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 46 (July 22nd, 2014)
- Another double-menu fix for OSX - this one occurred with the torrent detailed view
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 36 (June 17th, 2014)
- Added ‘availability’ dialog to open-torrent-options to allow seeds/peers for a torrent to be views before adding the torrent for download.
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 22 (May 13th, 2014)
- Allow seeds to be stopped to make way for higher priority ones when the upload limit rule added in B21 is preventing us reaching our max seed count.
- Extended speed scheduler to allow the starting and stopping of a tag’s downloads when the rule is active. See
- Added HTTPS support for get-right webseeds
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 19 (May 6th, 2014)
- More bug fixes and tidy up - please report any weirdness.
- New webui plugin released with fixes for file priority and wanted state.
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 15 (April 7th, 2014)
- Added clipboard torrent URI monitor - enable by right clicking on the ‘Open Torrents’ button in the toolbar area (for Vuze UI, blank area in the header for Classic UI) to enable/disable. When enabled any URIs copied to the clipboard will automatically be opened by Vuze.
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 12 (March 18th, 2014)
- Added a new column that records the date of a download’s most recently completed file.
- Made the sash style consistent in the Library view and fixed an issue regarding sub-tab minimization and restoration.
- Allow torrent file names to be pasted into the search box.
- Don’t auto-start paused torrents if the media server attempts to access file data
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 10 (March 10th, 2014)
- Extended tag constraints to support more features, see the wiki for details.
- Added a ‘copy on complete’ tag action (right-click on a tag and select Files->Copy on Complete’ to set this).
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 3 (February 14th, 2014)
- Added up/down speed limit options to open-torrent-options dialog
- Fixed enabling logic for the force-start/super-seeding options added in B02 to the new torrent wizard
New in version 5.3.0.1 Beta 2 (February 12th, 2014)
- Fixed a bug that prevents the swing web UI plugin from working
- Added ‘force start’ and ‘super seed’ options to the last panel of the ‘new torrent wizard’ to allow those settings to be applied to newly created torrents.
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 26 (February 7th, 2014)
- Fixed up incorrect handling of announce sets when modifying a torrent’s urls - also tried a fix for the occasional issue where duplicate entries appear in the ‘sources’ table.
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 25 (February 6th, 2014)
- Some small changes to support the web remote in displaying stats correctly when ‘do not download’ files are present.
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 24 (January 31st, 2014)
- Added an ‘auto pause torrents that are added in a stopped state’ feature under Tools->Options->Files->Torrents to support a schedule that uses ‘resume_all’ to kick off downloads added during the day later that evening.
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 23 (January 30th, 2014)
- Defer sub-tab datasource changes until they are visible to save CPU
- Logging added for files that take a long time to access (e.g. they’re on a shared drive that is unavailable)
- Added indicator to multi-level tag menus to indicate whether or not a selection exists in a sub-level
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 22 (January 29th, 2014)
- Improved DHT bootstrapping in light of network issues
- Reduced selected content thrashing when dealing with multiple selections in library views
- Fixed a bug with piece info view adding multiple listeners when handling concurrent datasource changes
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 20 (January 23rd, 2014)
- Fixed issue with deletion of partial files on removal from library
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 19 (January 22nd, 2014)
- Right-click menu in tracker sources to delete a tracker directly (multi-select support added)
- Fixed json meta search single result parse error borking entire result set
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 17 (January 17th, 2014)
- Fix window during VPN disconnect that could permit connections to be established over the public network even though ‘enforce bind’ set
- Persist the expansion state of entries in Library views
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 16 (January 15th, 2014)
- Added subscriptions to list of external browser options
- Added transparency option to transfer/download bars
- Attempt to fix issue whereby downloads occasionally end up in the temp folder and subsequently get deleted
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 15 (January 11th, 2014)
- Added the ability to select an external browser to be used for launching external links as opposed to using the computer default. Also you can select to show search results in an external browser, as long as you install the Vuze Web Remote plugin
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 14 (January 7th, 2014)
- Made manual tags optional in the sidebar so they can be ‘closed’ and then re-opened if required
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 13 (January 4th, 2014)
- Split tagging menu when large number of tags
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 11 (January 3rd, 2014)
- Added per-file read/write speed columns to files view and a per-file ETA based on write speed. Also made the write speed visible as ‘download speed’ in library views and ETA visible under ‘smoothed ETA’
New in version 5.2.0.0 / 5.2.0.1 Beta 9 (December 27th, 2013)
- Handle failing DTD refs in RSS feeds better.
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 7 (December 21st, 2013)
- Fixed locking during association lookup
- Improved handling of featured content downloads
- Added support for plugin-provided proxies
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 6 (December 16th, 2013)
- Added option to change the URL of a subscription - this will in fact create a new subscription with the updated URL and rename the existing one by appending ‘(old)’ to its name.
- Also added a ‘rename’ menu item so you can change the name displayed for a subscription if desired.
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 5 (December 10th, 2013)
- Added options menu to tray icon to allow enabling of tool-tip and access to more config options
- Extended the tray tool-tip to indicate outstanding alert count (if any) and optionally the ETA of the next download expected to complete
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 4 (December 7th, 2013)
- Initial support for prioritizing downloads based on their speed
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 3 (December 4th, 2013)
- Change detection logic for writable directories in attempt to fix an issue whereby a valid default save location is flagged as invalid
- A few fixes around slow UI initialisation for Vuze when AV products are blocking socket connections
New in version 5.2.0.1 Beta 2 (December 3rd, 2013)
- Added ‘share ratio progress’ column that captures the times at which a download’s share ratio passes certain thresholds - default is 1.0 which means ‘every time a full copy’s worth of data is uploaded’. The interval can be configured by right-clicking on the column header.
- The column can be added using the ‘column setup’ dialog (from the same menu above) - it is level ‘intermediate’ so either set your mode to intermediate/advanced or use the ‘filters’ in the column setup window.
New in version 5.2.0.0 (November 27th, 2013)
- New features:
- UI: Added menu option to notification area to dismiss all notifications
- UI: Added download name to sidebar tooltip as may be truncated in sidebar view
- UI: Added some image types to the 'quick view'
- UI: Manual update option for DHT tracker
- UI: Added current IP to transfer stats view
- UI: Support the assignment of colours to manual tags
- UI: Menu option to select folder contents in open torrent options dialog
- UI: Added Option to use a single open torrent options dialog for multiple torrents
- UI: Torrent options dialog now supports file priorities
- UI: Automatic setting of decreasing file priorities within a torrent (based on selection order)
- UI: Added session up/down stats to library views
- UI: Option to edit trackers when adding a download
- UI: Added 'open torrent' option to tray icon
- UI: Option to add peer(s) from peers view
- UI: Multi-select files in the open torrent options dialog and move them to a folder in one operation
- Core: Support Per-download and per-file alerts
- Core: Some interesting config parameters (port numbers for example) are now exported into a readable file in the config dir
- Core: Auto-tagging based on torrent tracker hosts
- Core: Support tags on devices
- Core: Support never-transcode as option for device auto-transcoding
- Core: Added an 'Untagged' tag to represent downloads with no manual tag assigned
- Core: Added script actions as options for downloading/seeding complete events
- Core: Added ability to set a download's tags in the open torrent options dialog
- Core: Option to set a tag's initial save location
- Core: Per-tag target share ratio
- Changes:
- UI: XML torrent import function was lost in the Vuze UI at some point - brought it back
- UI: Added download size to archived download display in console UI
- UI: Support maximising of torrent options window
- UI: Brazilian Portuguese translation update
- UI: Basque translation update
- UI: Spanish translation update
- UI: Brought back the select all/mark/unmark buttons to open torrent options dialog
- UI: Brought back ability to set top level folder name for multi-file torrents
- UI: Non-simple torrents with a singel file were displaying inconsistently
- UI: Handle double-click actions in files view correctly
- UI: Sidebar download details order no maintained over restart
- UI: Scale minibar fixed widget widths to accommodate font changes
- Plug: Report removed downloads for a while in xmwebui in case there are multiple active clients
- Plug: Ignore any socks proxy when using loopback connection to analyse content
- Core: Disabled metadata exchange for private torrents
- Core: Improved performance of JSON encoding
- Core: Prefer UTF-8 over system encoding for torrents if it seems to be as good
- Core: Support more date formats when parsing search results
- Bugs fixed:
- UI: Persist column add/remove via header menu
- UI: Table structure change was losing a tag listener and subsequently failing to update correctly
- UI: Multiple concurrent torrent additions causing duplicate dialogs
- UI: Unloading a plugin was causing a second plugins images to be disposed
- UI: Search bar was truncating long URIs
- Plug: Magnet plugin wasn't handling URIs with 'xt' sections properly
- Core: Removed blocking call to get public IP address from initialization path
- Core: Downloads were being auto-stored in the wrong location
- Core: Respect 'do not activate UI' on download addition again
- Core: Fixed end-game-mode looping bug
- Core: Lots of minor fixes detected by Coverity static code analysis tool
- Core: Improved performance of timer event handling
- Core: Fixed 'upload only' message support
- Core: Prevent a hanging UPnP device from blocking caller
- Core: Handle separators other than '-' when parsing port ranges
- Core: Remove unnecessary retry on downloads that will most likely fail identically
- Core: Alert audio files weren't playing when contained in folders with certain characters in name
- Core: Improved robustness of magnet URI handling
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 50 (November 26th, 2013)
- Added timeout to selector open flow as this is hanging under some situations and causing general nastyness
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 49 (November 23rd, 2013)
- Fixed a bug with initial-save-location tagging.
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 48 (November 21st, 2013)
- Added an option to the security settings to reset the certificate store - this can be used to attempt to solve SSL issues involving failures to validate certificate chains.
- Fixed a bug with the removal of an untagged view
- Actually the previous snapshot missed the commit that increased UDP socket limits, its in this build, honest!
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 47 (November 20th, 2013)
- Disabled SSL SNI extensions to see if it helps with some SSL errors with Java 7
- Bumped up max udp sockets
- Added ‘remove’ option to tracker templates - this removes the trackers in the template from the downloads (both during edit operations and via auto-Tag application)
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 45 (November 16th, 2013)
- Switched most ETAs to ‘smoothed’ values
- Added RCV/SND buff values to advanced network options
- Fixed swarm discoveries selection bug
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 44 (November 14th, 2013)
- Reworked magnet download handling to improve robustness.
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 43 (November 13th, 2013)
- Added per-tag target share ratio controls
- Fixed up some RSS feed link parsing
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 42 (November 9th, 2013)
- Added File view to Peers view when using Detailed view that shows a peer’s file completeness percentage.
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 23 (October 1st, 2013)
- Get “upload_only” from the m dict in LT handshakes
- Don’t support metadata transfer for private torrents (note that this actually an unnecessary restriction as once a peer can establish a connection it can access all torrent content data regardless of the private flag or not, the private flag is soley to control peer discovery. However, it seems common practice to also deny metadata access)
- Various other fixes
New in version 5.1.0.1 Beta 4 (August 28th, 2013)
- Added image types to the ‘quick view’ feature
- Added manual announce for DHT tracker
- Update to Transcoder plugin to work around analysis issue when running with SOCKS proxy
- Update to Updater plugin to allow setting of alternative instance ports
New in version 5.1.0.0 (August 15th, 2013)
- New features:
- New Open Torrent dialog design
- Tags Overview
- Torrent file availability
- Mark multiple torrents as Watched
- Per-Torrent Share Ratio Seeding Rules
- Extensible column options
- Amend transfer stats
- Option to show/hide rank column icon
- Add tags column to library view
- Per-file availability to column
- Option to toggle the ‘new’ download state for multiple selections
- Bug fixes:
-
New in version 5.0.0.1 Beta 31 (August 13th, 2013)
- Bug fixes (fixed sort of Progress column, Peer sources in open-torrent dialog)
- Added Console view to Library tabs (requires logging to be enabled)
New in version 5.0.0.0 (May 9th, 2013)
- FEATURE: Blog | See for beta version blog posts
- FEATURE: UI | Buttons on toolbar now only shows on views that need the buttons [TuxPaper]
- FEATURE: UI | Support dragging files out of Files View as a File object, allowing dragging to Explorer, Editor, Player, etc [TuxPaper]
- FEATURE: UI | Program icon in file rows of Library view [TuxPaper]
- FEATURE: UI | Added ´pause´ as right-click menu option in Library [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added option to add-torrent dialog to perform a swarm file-size lookup for alternative torrents [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added ´DHT Graph´ view to the statistics tab that shows the main DHT operation state [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added ´Tag Activity´ view to the statistics tab that shows achieved up/down rates for selected tags [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added peer flag and country code as default columns in library view [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Swarm view now shows peer´s flags and has tooltip for more information; double clicking on a peer takes you to the peer in the peer´s view [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added torrent detail tab views to bottom of library views to give quick access to the download stats [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Made the Library view tabs closable [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added a new ´Speed´ tab to Library tab view and torrent details view showing a particular download´s activity [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added auto-tags for download state (queued, active, complete etc) [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added manual tags to allow manual tagging of downloads [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added ´ip set´ tags to show peers belonging to ip sets (or country code sets) and optionally apply rate limits [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Flash the ´downloading´ sidebar entry when a new download is added [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Table header info in Files views now shows number selected when > 1 [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added menu link to get from entries in all-peers view to the relevant download [Parg]
- FEATURE: UI | Added ´remaining´ count to aggregated torrents view [Parg]
- FEATURE: Plug | Added option to Media Server plugin to ignore explicit bind-ips [Parg]
- FEATURE: Plug | Added ´prevent computer sleep´ option the the Embedded Media Player plugin [Parg]
- FEATURE: Plug | Introduced the ´location provider´ plugin to make location information (peer CC, flag) available to the Vuze core [Parg]
- FEATURE: Plug | Added public tags to Swarm Discoveries information [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | uTP outbound connections now supported [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | uTP supported on Linux [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | JSON encoding support for .vuze files [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | Added a new .vuze file component type to encapsulate download addition [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | Introduced Tags as an (eventual) replacement for categories [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | Added a --restart command to allow scripted restart of Vuze [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | Speed Limit Handler now supports the inclusion of country codes into ´ip set´ definitions [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | Fixed up IPv6 version server and DHT bootstrap somewhat [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | Support IP bind for HTTPS URLs [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | Added option to retain ´force´ status of a download when transitioning from downloading to seeding [Parg]
- FEATURE: Core | Improvements to plugin interface to support embedding Vuze [Parg]
- CHANGE: UI | Better magnet URL parsing when entering web page URL [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Torrent icon is now shown by default in name column [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Blue now is "incomplete" and green is "complete" for progress bar column, play button,
- download/upload arrow [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Default columns in "Simple View" have changed [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Added a up/down arrow to the "#"/"Order" column [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Progress column no longer shows speed and ETA by default (configurable) -- speed and ETA have been added as separate columns [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Start, Stop, Play/Stream, and View Mode buttons on toolbar updated [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Sidebar now has a "Content Discovery" section. Related views have been moved there (Vuze HD Network, Games, Search Results, Swarm Discoveries, Subscriptions) [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Renamed "Files" section to "My Torrents" and moved the section to the top [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: UI | Added the rating column by default to some library views [Parg]
- CHANGE: UI | Tidied up some aspects of the rating plugin interface [Parg]
- CHANGE: UI | Reset table config when the ´reset config´ button selected in Options->Mode [Parg]
- CHANGE: UI | Increase maximum manual piece size in torrent creation wizard [Parg]
- CHANGE: UI | Improved the ´no updates available´ text for beta users [Parg]
- CHANGE: UI | Romainian language update [Laurentiu]
- CHANGE: UI | Brazilian Portuguese translation update [Havokdan]
- CHANGE: Plug | Vuze Web Remote: Support most of Transmission´s remote API [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: Plug | Remember side-bar close state for Swarm Discoveries and Embedded Media Player [TuxPaper]
- CHANGE: Plug | Remember Swarm Discoveries selection when switching away from the view and back [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Support faster refresh interval for the auto-torrent importer; ensure import run on startup [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Decrease memory used with queued UDP packets by trimming to MTU [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Decrease buffer copy operations for UDP operations (DHT and uTP) [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Added ´sleep´ parameter to powrprof call when putting computer to sleep [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Improve performance for async-dispatcher operations [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Don´t waste CPU creating anti-spoof ids for distant DHT nodes [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Cache torrent file count to reduce torrent file loading on startup [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Webseed downloader instantiation delayed until required [Parg]
- CHANGE: Core | Pick up value for download link if nothing else available in RSS feed subscriptions [Parg]
- BUGFIX: UI | Library in "Simple View" mode is now tall enough to display two lines of text [TuxPaper]
- BUGFIX: UI | Sample column on Column Setup Window is no longer partially hidden by scrollbar [TuxPaper]
- BUGFIX: UI | Fixerd filter box flickering when mousing over [TuxPaper]
- BUGFIX: UI | Fixed resource leak in table views, in particular the ´all peers´ view [Parg]
- BUGFIX: UI | ´Play now´ was not working properly with files using the ´incomplete suffix´ feature [Parg]
- BUGFIX: UI | Fixed classic view options panel not auto-reopening on start [Parg]
- BUGFIX: UI | External seed peers weren´t showing outgoing request details [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Files using the ´incomplete suffix´ feature were not having this removed correctly if manually relocated [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Built-in tracker wasn´t obeying the ´ignore key check´ option [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Ensure UDP selector is deactivated when idle [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Auto-resume of auto-paused downloads on stop option was broken [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Stop completely failing SSL certificates containing ECC named curves that we don´t know about [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Work around the occasional presence of alternative crypto providers that clash with the default [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Reworked the registration/lookup mechanism for the rating plugin to improve scalability [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Resource downloader wasn´t ending the ´no proxy´ block correctly [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Torrent paused state was not being cleared properly when the torrent was manually started [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Fixed high CPU usage bug in magnet-uri handler when bind failed [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Fixed deleted tracker URLs reappearing due to DNS TXT handling and main announce URL being same
- as deleted one in tracker group [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Fixed UI deadlock in table sort code [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Fixed some performance issues caused by per-download listeners being added to various config variables [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Introduced a linked-list backed ´copy on write´ implementation to fix some performance issues [Parg]
- BUGFIX: Core | Prevent metadata downloads from triggering ´on download complete´ actions [Parg]
New in version 4.9.0.0 (February 18th, 2013)
- New features:
-
- changes:
-
- Bugs fixed:
-
New in version 4.8.1.2 (December 19th, 2012)
- Core | Removed the 'move do not download files to a subfolder' feature as it is misbehaving - see the 4813 beta series if you want to help test this [Parg]
New in version 4.8.1.0 (December 17th, 2012)
- New features:
-
- Changes:
-
- Bugs fixed:
-
New in version 4.8.0.0 (October 30th, 2012)
- New features:
- Blog: See for beta version blog posts
- Plug: Swarm Discoveries
- Plug: The RSS Feed plugin now can filter on min+max file types and also has a 'copy-filter' function [Parg [GosGroc]
- Bugs fixed:
-
New in version 4.7.2.0 (September 19th, 2012)
- New features:
- Blog: See for beta version blog posts
-
- Changes:
-fixes:
-
New in version 4.7.1.0 (July 16th, 2012)
- New Fearures:
- Core:
- Added a 'low' file priority setting and the ability to set negative priorities for various levels of 'low'
- Support for metdata download based magnet link resolution
- Added means to backup and restore yoru Vuze config, manually and automatically
- Added per-download and per-category option to prioritise uploading over other downloads
- Added 'personal share' feature that auto-generates and seeds files with unique torrents
- Per-torrent IP Filter enabling
- Added extra arguments to magnet exports (dn,tr,ws)
- Added a basic 'speed limit' handler with support for defining and scheduling various speed limit profiles
- Added system property to set default timezone (azureus.timezone)
- Detect some types of corrupt torrents and add Help menu item to attempt a fix
- Support for &fl arguments in magnet links
- Handle https->http redirects
- Handle http redirects with http seeds
- UI:
- Warning triangle at bottom right now flashes a number of times when warnings are added
- Added to Devices configuration to allow 'play now' buffering time to be configured
- Added ability for the Library filter to search on comments (prefix with c:) and file names (prefix with f:)
- Extended Library filter search of tracker URLs (prefix with t:) to consider all trackers
- Added negation to Library filter logic (prefix with !)
- Made it clearer when Library filter in regular expression mode and the regex is in error
- Added details of hidden generic devices to tooltip to surface them
- Option to remove all devices that have been discovered
- Added feature to allow devices to be explicitly tagged and then the view restricted to only those devices
- Added the number of matches found to the Library title information when filtering
- Added options to status bar IP Filter stats to get to IP Filter options
- Added 'next ETA' and speed controls to the Transfer Bar
- Added option to the torrent-add window to enable IP Filters
- Added 'explore folder' for torrent files to advanced menu
- Added magnet export to Shares view
- Added right-click torrent view menu to a torrent's detail view header
- Extended search results header to include active total
- Added menu option to remove a search template to the right-click menu on search results
- Extended recognised clients
- Better error messaging for broken plugin installs
- Enhanced search box - allows for entry of magnet links, torrent urls and hashes in the search box
- Support 'bits' based base-10 display unit
- Export magnet URI menu added to Share View
- Allow dragging stuff to Share View sidebar entry
- Added Tracker Name column header menu option to allow specification of preferred trackers to display for multi-tracker torrents
- Plug:
- New highcharts stats demo plugin
- New plugin to add tracker URLs to multiple torrent
- Added JSON request format to Vuze Web Remote along with start-all and stop-all RPC support
- Added plugin ability to add rate limiters to downloads and peers
- Added alerts to Vuze Web Remote if default folders not configured
- Persist default media server name in UPnP Media Server
- Changes:
- Core:
- Fallback to 'DOT_ALL' matching when no results found. This allows search templates to specify constructs such as .*? correctly
- Disable fast-extension for downloads with explicit speed limits set as they aren't applied correctly
- Maintain seeding-only and downloading-only totals based on real elapsed time to be consistent across computer sleeps
- Import &tr arguments from magnet links
- Support some more (non-standard) RSS date formats
- Added support for Double values in BEncoder
- Handle common type in URL protocol in torrents
- Automatically retry failed torrent downloads with an explicit referrer
- Don't auto-retry transcodes on permanent failures (such as lack of disk space)
- Plug:
- Try setting up user-level registry entries when iTunes integration fails
- UI:
- Disable 'show generic' devices option when there aren't any
- Include torrent name in SSL certificate trust window
- Changed %done torrents view item to excluded DND files
- Improved error message on add-torrent fail to make the cause more obvious
- Auto-open and scroll the details area on magnet add so user sees error messages
- Extended update tracing for 64 bit windows SWT updates
- OSX: Enable playing sound on completion
- Replaced native OS tables with custom (faster, more control)
- 'All' and 'Uncategorized' are now shown in Sidebar when categories in sidebar is enabled
- Bugfixes:
- Core:
- Fixed I2P Proxy support and updated the plugin to fix issues with I2P network integration
- Handle malformed XML entity escapes better
- Support SSL certificate install for scrapes
- Added code to detect potentially evil regex ()
- Fixed edge-case file rechecking issue with piece-reordering mode
- Fixed ETA calc for Play-Now files in multi-file torrents
- Avoid enumerating USB drives if we crashed doing so last time (happening with some encrypted volumes)
- Handle existance of null entries in search template column maps
- Secondary lookup service URL was wrong
- Work around for torrents with illegal characters in file names
- Work around for systems where ti is taking huge amounts of CPU to enumerate network interfaces (mainly due to masses of borked 6to4 adapters)
- Handle malformed 'upload only' values that are appearing
- Re-enable streaming of incomplete files
- Only udp-probe the IP network
- Handle truncated peer response from trackers
- UI:
- Update UI on subscription name change
- Fixed null-pointer exception in remote pairing dialog
- Roll up some of the device stats correctly when tree nodes not expanded
- Fixed some forum links in the client
- Ensure filter background is consistently drawn and reverify regex when switching modes
- Double buffer All Transfer and Mini Bars to reduce flicker
- Double buffer transfer-stats view
- Re-enable the start/stop toolbar options for transcoding view
- Disable toolbar icons correctly when no selection
- Fix drag+drop behaviour onto Shares view
- Fixed table row consistency issue when downloads rapidly removed and added
- Fixed incorrect base-10 unit display
- Fixed menu not showing on first right click on the Torrent Details sidebar entry
- OSX: Fixed buttons in Column Setup not all being displayed
- Plug:
- Various minor fixes to mlDHT
New in version 4.7.0.2 (December 28th, 2011)
- New Features:
- Core | Initial support for portable Windows Vuze installs (more info)
-
New in version 4.7.0.0 (September 23rd, 2011)
-)
New in version 4.6.0.4 (March 17th, 2011)
- Changes:
- UIv3 | Better messaging for Plus users on license expiry
- UI | 50% faster table redraw on Windows when cell value changes
- Corrected bugs:
- UI | Fixed some dialogs that could open larger than the screen size
New in version 4.6.0.2 (February 7th, 2011)
- Feature:
-
- Change:
- UI | Added visual indication to first level menu for auto-device xcode selection
- UI | Support drag-n-drop onto classic share view
- Bugfix:
-'
New in version 4.6.0.0 (January 17th, 2011)
- New features:
- Core | UDP NAT Test tool
- Core | Added device export/import feature
- Plug | uTP support
-
- Bugs fixed:
-
New in version 4.5.1.0 (October 7th, 2010)
- New features:
- Core | Monitor available JVM memory and warn user if it is running out and auto increase (Windows only)
- UI | Support opening .vuze files from URLs
- UI | Allow setting of JVM direct memory max from UI (Windows only)
- UI | Added 'protocol' column to peers view
- UI | Expanded state of Sidebar entries are now remembered
- UI | (Windows) Added Closeable Games sidebar entry
-
- Bugs fixed:
- Core | Fixes to superseeding mode [thanks Mmore1q3]
-
New in version 4.5.0.4 (September 1st, 2010)
-"
- Bugs fixed:
-
New in version 4.5.0.0 Beta (August 5th, 2010)
- Feature:
- Plug | Android Devices support
- Change:
- Core | Try alternative trackers when seeding and zero connected peers
- Bugfix:
- UI | Layout improvements in torrent Info view
New in version 4.4.0.4 (May 10th, 2010)
- Core | Fix PEX bug
- Core | Fix "Error Running Veto Check" error
- Core | (*nix) Fix client not launching after launched once
- UI | Fix late-loading sidebar entries not auto-opening
New in version 4.4.0.2 (May 6th, 2010)
-
New in version 4.4.0.0 (April 11th, 2010)
-)
New in version 4.3.1.0 (January 26th, 2010)
- New Features:
- Core | Option to auto-start Vuze on login on Windows and OSX [Parg]
- Core | Option to close Vuze when downloads/seeding complete [Parg]
- Core | Sources details view and tracking enhancements [Parg]
- Core | Option to automatically set upload slots and connections limits based on measured line speed [Parg]
- Core | Added support for fast-allowed pieces [Parg]
- Core | Extract downloaded values if returned by tracker [Parg]
- Plug | Added auto-authorisation default to pairing enabled web plugins [Parg]
- Core | Windows - added JVM max/min memory configuration to the options [Parg]
- Core | Added support for webseeds in magnet links [Parg]
- Core | Added support for less-verbose auto-full-update [Parg]
- Core | Completed the 'pairing' feature [Parg]
- UI | Added Pairing dialog [TuxPaper]
- Changes:
- Core | Added local network interfaces to pairing details [Parg]
- Core | Drop the half-open TCP socket limits for Vista SP2+ and Windows 7 [Parg]
- Core | Modify connection timeouts if sufficient peers available [Parg]
- Core | Ignore HTTP seeds if we're seeding [Parg]
- Core | Vary min requests when starting up [Parg]
- Core | Changed metasearch default to auto=true [Parg]
- Core | Default save directory for new installs switched from 'Azureus Downloads' to 'Vuze Downloads' [Parg]
- Core | Auto-enable the 'connections per torrent when seeding' default and set to half the normal number of connections [The8472]
- Core | When force-closing Vuze delete any outstanding updates to prevent them being applied [Parg]
- Plug | Make WebPlugin configuration parameters amendable without requiring a Vuze restart [Parg]
- UI | Added arrows to swarm view and differentiate unchokes/fast requests [Parg]
- UI | Moved slideys that were System Notifications to statusbar [TuxPaper]
- Corrected bugs:
- Core | Fix remembering of auto-speed settings on restart [Parg]
- Core | Fix initial storing of search engine rank bias [Parg]
- Core | Fix LT Peer-Exchange bug [Parg]
- Core | Remove HTTP seeds when stopping download [Parg]
- UIvz | Fix list view modes (menu and button display) being grayed out when toolbar is in "No Text" mode [TuxPaper]
- UI | Remove cached peers from swarm view on data source change [Parg]
- UI | When upgrading SWT, dialog box now shows correct platform (Cocoa, Carbon) [TuxPaper]
New in version 4.3.0.2 (November 20th, 2009)
-
New in version 4.2.0.8 (August 28th, 2009)
-
New in version 4.2.0.4 (July 10th, 2009)
-]
New in version 4.2.0.2 (April 10th, 2009)
-]
New in version 4.2.0.0 (March 23rd, 2009)
-]
New in version 4.1.0.4 (February 26th, 2009)
- FEATURE: UI | Donation Window [TuxPaper]
New in version 4.1.0.2 (February 5th, 2009)
-]
New in version 4.1.0.0 (January 27th, 2009)
- [parg,tuxpaper]
- UI | Experimental neuronal speed algorithm [Gudy]
-
- Bugs fixed:
-
New in version 4.0.0.4 (November 21st, 2008)
- New features:
- UIvz | Ability to change List modes in View menu
- UI | Added a 'mark all results unread' menu item
- UI | Added specification of data save directory to config wizard
- Core | Added subscription support to customisations
- Core | Added an 'azplug' URL protocol to allow plugins to handle URLs
- Core | Allow subscriptions to handle azplug protocols thus allowing plugins to be the source of subscription content
- Core | Allow magnet links in search results
- Changed:
- UIvz | Deleting via toolbar now lets you apply action to all selected entries
- UIvz | Search bar shrinks a bit when there's not enough width to display all toolbar buttons
- UI | Date Column auto-sizer now shows day of month (mm/dd) instead of year (yy/mm) when column is small
- Core | Only show feed errors after 3 consecutive fails to avoid distracting transient errors
- Core | Add asset hash to subscriptions and auto-associate existing content on subscribe if avail
- Core | Various performance improvements
- Core | Modify DHT size calc algorithm to take account of firewalled contact
- Plug | Assume buddies support chat
- Bugs fixed:
- UIvz | "Mark All Watched" now only affects completed content (which is also what Unwatched only shows)
- UIvz | Fix Global Rating column not sorting properly
- UIvz | (Mac) Fixed closing sidebar entries sometimes showing a blank area instead of selecting a new sidebar entry
- UIvz | Fixed bug where "My Library" info bar displayed on Downloading sidebar entry
- UIvz | Fix some notification entries losing their related avatar image
- UIvz | Log View's "Show Config" button wasn't going to proper config section
- UIvz | Fix default visible columns, order, and sort column for new installs for "Advanced" library Lists
- UI | "Show Time" state on date columns now remembered accross sessions
- UI | Fix "Pieces" column in Library view not updating unless you clicked it
- UI | Info tab in Torrent Details now displays more columns that it couldn't before (like share ratio)
- UI | Localize the date in the subscription view correctly
- Core | Synchonize access to file operations so that an close op can't be interleaved with file facade switching and bork disk channel operation
- Core | Filter out duplicate skew reports to get more accurate figures
- Core | Avoid NPE in chat when buddy unauthorised
- Core | Preserve argument case in magnet link operations
- Core | Fix mem leak when DHT router IP changed
- Plug | Use UTF-8 when decoding plugin descriptions
New in version 4.0.0.2 (October 25th, 2008)
-]
New in version 4.0.0.0 (October 15th, 2008)
-]Nets notes: The Raptors' Kyle Lowry is hurting
Lowry hurting
Raptors guard Kyle Lowry — who has been antagonizing the Nets all season — played through a right knee injury to finish with 22 critical points Sunday night.
Lowry was limping noticeably and wearing a black wrap over his right knee, which has been a problem for him all season. He reinjured the knee in Game 3.
The Raptors wouldn’t reveal the exact injury Lowry is suffering from. He’s a free agent this summer, but not concerned about doing long-term damage.
"We can do what we’ve got to do to get through the playoffs," Lowry said. "It’s nothing where I need surgery. … It’s definitely a pain, but I’m not going to worry about it, not going to complain about it. I’m just going to go out there and do my job."
Lowry did just that in the final 6:37 of the game, which he played all of despite having five fouls. He drained the game-sealing shot with 1:13 remaining to help the Raptors even the series at 2.
"We would have probably got in a fight if I tried to take him out of the game," Raptors coach Dwane Casey said. "He was OK. I think that these couple of days will help us get some of the aches and pains out."
Game 5 is Wednesday in Toronto.
Slowing Jonas
The Nets struggled with Jonas Valanciunas early in the series, as he scored a combined 32 points and pulled down 32 rebounds in Games 1 and 2.
But the Nets have kept him in check the last two games. On Sunday, Valanciunas finished with only six points and six rebounds, after being held to 10 points and 10 rebounds in Game 3.
"We’ve been doing a better job of rebounding," Kevin Garnett said. "There’s so many things in this series that makes this series what it is. We’re just trying to figure out advantages."
— Andy VasquezPerrysburg resident to appear in March issue of Teen Vogue
Perrysburg resident Jordan Conrad, a senior at Notre Dame Academy in Toledo, has been named a Teen Role Model and a “fresh face” for designer Paul Frank's spring campaign.
Her prizes included a photo shoot wearing Paul Frank designs that will appear in the March issue of Teen Vogue, along with trips to California for the photo shoot and to the Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week in New York City this month.
Her entry addressed why she is a good role model for others.
“I try to make a difference by mentoring peers, tutoring after school, and volunteering as much as possible. I don’t drink or go to parties,” explained Ms. Conrad. It was one of five selected from over 1,000 essays. The final selection was based on a Skype interview.
Paul Frank is an American cartoonist, artist, and fashion designer. His creations adorn clothing, accessories, and many other products. Julius the Monkey is one of his best known-characters, and has appeared in a variety of media. Ms. Conrad describes Paul Frank as “unique, creative, and fun.”
At Notre Dame, Ms. Conrad is a role model and leader in multiple ways. She is a member of Link Crew, a group of primarily seniors who mentor freshmen. She was captain of the cross country team and encourages everyone to do their best. Despite not ever having played lacrosse, she went out for the sport her junior year. She made the junior varsity team, but moved up to varsity by the end of the season. She brings spirit to school as a member of Pep Club. She is very involved in social justice issues as part of the Social Justice Alliance and Students Equipped to Advocate for Life Team.
She has volunteered for Make-A-Wish since she was in eighth grade, helping with the holiday party and working with children at their yearly race. She has also volunteered at the Salvation Army and helped at the St. Rose Vacation Bible School.
She is an honor student taking Advanced Placement courses.
While on her recent trips to California and New York for the role model contest, she experienced marketing first hand and plans to make it one of her majors in college at John Carroll University next fall.Musician Delta Goodrem signs autographs as she arrives for the Australian Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards 2009 at Hisense Arena on November 13, 2009 in Melbourne, Australia.
(November 12, 2009 - Source: Cameron Spencer/Getty Images AsiaPac) see more angles »
(November 12, 2009 -
Browse: Delta Goodrem | Gold Bracelet | Over the Knee Boots
Show Delta Goodrem Looks With:
Popular Lookbooks see all looks »Opinionated and sometimes bawdy, comedian Margaret Cho isn't afraid to reinvent herself. After her meteoric rise to fame in the early '90s, she landed her own sitcom on ABC, All American Girl. The road got a little rough at that point. It was ostensibly the first network TV show to have an Asian lead, and its producers told Cho she was too ethnic, and yet not ethnic enough. Then the network reportedly criticized the roundness of her face, leading Cho to try to lose weight rapidly, which affected her health. The show was soon canceled, but Cho managed to turn lemons into lemonade by chronicling the experience in a Broadway show called I'm the One that I Want. That was followed by the more politically inspired State of Emergency. Her new tour, Beautiful, explores people's perceptions of what attractiveness is, and the rigid standards that go along with it. The show premiered in Sydney, Australia, in late February, and she is touring the U.S. through June.
Fri., April 25, 8 p.m., 2008
Sponsor ContentValidity : Offer valid for this monthView Details
Validity : Ending SoonView Details
The First bus from pune to jalgaon is A/C Sleeper (2+1) by Sangitam Travels - Warje departing at 21:30. The total number of daily trips between pune and jalgaon is 26. There are Goibibo offers 26 trips daily from pune to jalgaon and one can chose from 27 operators.
In the last seven days average fare is 523 with lowest being 350 and the highest 750. Trip duration for pune to jalgaon is between 7h-45m to 11h-15m depending on the bus type and operator. Goibibo provides you the largest fleet of bus services to select from Non A/C Sleeper (2+1),A/C Sleeper (2+1),Non A/C Sleeper (2+1),Non A/C Seater (2+2),Non A/c Seater (2+2).
The cultural capital of Maharashtra, Pune, enlivens Maratha charm laying emphasis on music, arts, crafts, theatre and education. It has a cartload of industries and educational institutions catering to thousands of students and professionals. Pune is a magnificent blend of the old and new, traditions and modernity, culture and urbanisation, narrow, tortuous roads and open,spacious constructions. The well developed city of Jalgaon is popularly known as the 'Banana City' for its near-half contributions in the state's production of bananas. Followers and believers of Gandhi visit the city to admire the world's first Audio Guided Gandhi Museum, 'Khoj Gandhiji Ki', situated at Gandhi Teerth. Jalgaon is famous for its gold collections and designs. Both the cities have good economic growth and house numerous schools, colleges, educational institutions and industries. The cities are frequented for their tourist attractions and buses from Pune to Jalgaon extensively commute via the National highway 27 covering a distance of approximately 395km.
For an easy and hassle-free online bus ticket booking, log onto our travel portal, Goibibo.com, where one can get a detailed idea on Pune to Jalgaon bus schedule, bus fares and cancellation policy. Goibibo has tie-ups with some of the best operators who provide a good number of varied bus fleets on the scheduled path. Aayush Travels. Rahul Travels and Bhagyalakshmi Travels are few of the several bus operators functional on the Pune Jalgaon route. With the earliest bus commencing at 18:30 in the evening and the latest at 22:30 last, travel time between the two cities varies from 6h 30m to 13h 5m at max.
Bus fares from Pune to Jalgaon ranges between Rs.350 and Rs.700 and usually depends on the bus operators, bus route and type of bus availed. With Goibibo.com, one can crack the best deals and offers on online bus booking. Passengers can choose form A/C Sleeper, Non A/C Sleeper and Non A/C Seater alongside boarding from start-points of their choice. Pune houses numerous tourist hotspots namely Shaniwar Wada, Parvati Hill, Saras Baug, Osho Ashram, Raja Dinkar Kelkar Museum, Bund Garden and others. While visiting Jalgaon, one should definitely drop-in at the Swinging Towers of Farkande, Gandhi Teerth, Padmalaya, Manudevi, Mehrun Lake, Unapdev and several other well-known places of the city.VirginiaVitamins
Virginia
I like arts.
About StumbleDNA StumbleDNA
Archaeologists unearth 5,000-year-old 'third-gender' caveman...
Caveman was buried like a woman, leading scientists to question his sexual orientation.
Builders stumble across ice age 'graveyard' filled with...
Mammoths, mastodons and a giant ground sloth were all discovered at the bottom of a drained reservoir near Aspen ski resort in Colorado's Rocky Mountains.
Even bigger bones found at Snowmass mammoth site
Egyptian papyrus found in ancient Irish bog
The papyrus in the lining of the Egyptian-style leather cover of the 1,200-year-old manuscript, "potentially represents the first tangible connection between early Irish Christianity and the Middle Eastern Coptic Church", the Museum said.
Greeks 'discover Odysseus' palace in Ithaca, proving Homer's...
An 8th BC century palace which Greek archaeologists claim was the home of Odysseus has been discovered in Ithaca, fuelling theories that the hero of Homer's epic poem was real.
Ancient stones older than Stonehenge discovered on Dartmoor...
Ancient stones which are thought to be 1,000 years older than Stonehenge have been discovered in Dartmoor.
Ladbyskibet - A Viking Chieftain Burial - Viking Denmark...
Day the Vikings got their comeuppance
They were notorious for their ruthless attacks on England but the Vikings were also victims of Anglo-Saxon barbarism, new archaeological evidence from Dorset has revealed.
Prehistoric Time (till 1050AD) - Nationalmuseet
Da Vinci's Huge Horse Statue Proven Feasible : DNews
Da Vinci's huge horse statue proven feasible. Learn more about Da Vinci's huge horse statue being feasible in this article.
Heaven Scent | Arts & Culture
A 600-year-old pharmacy started by Florentine monks is now a trendy global marketer of perfumes and medieval elixirs
Fiery res...Total Units
Game Overview
Hi! Hamtaro - Little Hamsters,big Adventures: Ham-Ham Challenge is a misc game developed by AlphaDream Corporation and released on Nintendo DS.
Similar Games
- Chuck E. Cheese's Party Games (0.18m)
- Jeopardy! (0.18m)
- My French Coach (0.17m)
- Learning to Spell (0.17m)
- Camp Rock: The Final Jam (0.17m)
- TOEIC Test Training DS (0.17m)
- Easy Piano (0.16m)
- DS Rakubiki Jiten (0.16m)
- Rio (0.16m)
- Minna no DS Seminar: Kanpeki Kanji Ryoku (0.16m)
- Left Brain Right Brain: Use Both Hands Train Both Sides (0.16m)
- Chessmaster: The Art of Learning (0.16m)
- Solitaire Overload Plus (0.15m)
- Just Sing! (0.15m)
- Build-A-Bear Workshop: Welcome to Hugsville (0.15m)
- Kids Learn Math: A+ Edition (0.15m)
- Tamagotchi Collection (0.15m)
- Rayman Raving Rabbids (0.15m)
- QuickSpot (0.14m)
- SpongeBob's Boating Bash (0.14m)A total of 11 Chanticleer student-athletes from the men's and women's track and field programs amassed 14 NCAA qualifications and will represent Coastal Carolina University at the 2015 NCAA Division I East Preliminary Round to be held in Jacksonville, Fla., at Hodges Stadium from May 28-30.
Coastal Carolina University junior Lena Schaeffner will compete at the 2015 NCAA Division I Women's Golf Championships beginning Friday, May 22, at the par 72, 6,468 yard The Concession Golf Club in Bradenton, Fla.
Brock Hunter was impressive in his first career start and Zach Remillard was 3-for-4 to lead Coastal Carolina to an 8-0 win versus Winthrop.
Coastal Carolina men's golf coach Kevin McPherson announced the signing of Thadd Obecny II and Daniel Overas. The pair will join fellow signee Luis Ruiz.New York, NY (PRWEB) July 31, 2014
Arts+Crafts, Inc. has announced the return of Tap+Cork: Brooklyn Beer & Wine Fest, Saturday, August 16, 2pm to 8pm at Restoration Plaza in Central Brooklyn. Now in its second year, the event is expected to draw hundreds of beer and wine aficionados for a day of tastings, curated cuisines and entertainment.
Sponsored by Crabbie’s Alcoholic Ginger Beer and YRB Magazine, fest goers will sip and sample select craft beers and wines from New York State and Northeast regions. Among the featured brewers are KelSo, Crabbie's Alcoholic Ginger Beer, Barrier Brewery, SingleCut Beersmiths and Samuel Smith. Wineries include Martine's Wines, Annadale Cidery, Brooklyn Oenology Winery (BOE), Croteaux Wineries and Brooklyn Winery.
Arts+Crafts, the co-production and marketing team behind last year’s inaugural fest, has a key focus in establishing partnerships that help drive traffic to hospitality businesses throughout the city. That focus is evinced in the fest’s beer and wine selection.
“Last year, our beer and wine programs were heavily curated through major distributors. This year, we’re looking to give more local, micro and nano brands an outlet to consumers,” said Tai Allen, Arts+Crafts, Inc. founder.
The fest will also feature curated cuisines from in-demand food vendors, such as Bella Torte, along with local vendors and demonstrations.
In addition, DJ CEO and special musical guests will bring to life a retro-music atmosphere celebrating the impact of the 1990’s label superpowers, Bad Boy vs Roc-A-Fella, who changed the musical, cultural and fashion landscapes of NYC. In support of this theme, Brooklyn-based House Of Art Gallery will display select art prints of Notorious B.I.G. & Jay-Z featured in renowned artist Justin Bua’s book Legends of Hip-Hop.
The event has also earned support from New York City Council Member Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. (D-36).
“I'm thrilled that Arts+Crafts, Inc. understands the importance of supporting our community's vibrant small businesses. These merchants employ our neighbors and allow us to spend our dollars where we rest our heads. They also express and shape this community's unique culture. I encourage each festival goer to extend and enrich their experience of Bedford-Stuyvesant by exploring our wonderful, local shops.”
Tap+Cork: Brooklyn Beer & Wine Festival -- The Bad Boy vs Roc-A-Fella Edition, takes place, Saturday, August 16, from 2pm - 8pm at Bedford-Stuyvesant Restoration Plaza’s outdoor amphitheater, located at 1368 Fulton Street in Brooklyn, New York. Tickets are on sale now at tapcorknyc.com/tickets. Prices range from $10 - $30 for advance, designated driver and onsite tickets and include a commemorative sampling glass. Please note, admission for this event is 21+.
For more information, visit tapcorknyc.com..
About Tap+Cork
In its second year, Tap+Cork events combine the sophistication of grand tastings with the celebratory atmosphere of summer festivals and neighborhood block parties. Its Brooklyn Beer & Wine Fest and Winter Solstice events feature award-winning selections of craft beers, regional wineries and attract thousands for tastings, live music and entertainment.Late last December, a Greek fish company announced that it was recalling its cold smoked salmon – sold in the United States – for potential Listeria contamination. This recall marked the fifth multistate market withdrawal of smoked salmon for the same problem since the beginning of November, 2012.
The product, manufactured by Delifish, S.A. of Thessaloniki, Greece, was sold in retail stores in the U.S., according to the recall announcement posted on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s website. The 11 states to which the product may have been distributed include California, Virginia, Ohio, Illinois, Florida, Georgia, Texas, Delaware, New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania. The fish may also have been sold in Puerto Rico.
The problem was discovered after samples from multiple batches of the product tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes, according to the recall notice.
A String of Smoked Salmon Listeria Recalls
This recall of smoked salmon for Listeria problems comes as the fifth in the past two months.
On November 9, 2012, Brockton, Massachusetts-based Spence & Co. Ltd. recalled 1, 563 packs of it’s New York-style Nova Lox after Listeria was discovered during routine product testing. Two illnesses were suspected to be linked to the product.
Then, ten days later, Michael Gourmet Delicacies of Miami, Florida recalled its Wild Alaskan Sockeye Salmon after the Florida Department of Agriculture discovered Listeria in a sample of the product.
On December 17, about a month after that recall, Ocean Beauty Seafood LLC issued a voluntary recall of 371 cases of ready-to-eat cold smoked salmon after Listeria was found in multiple samples of product via internal testing. The affected product was imported from Chile and sold in 12 states in the U.S.
Just six days after Ocean Beauty announced its recall, Sam’s Club informed customers that it was recalling smoked salmon sold at store locations in 42 states and Puerto Rico.
Cold smoked salmon is considered a risky fish for certain demographics.
“Cold smoked salmon…is risky for pregnant women, the frail elderly and others with compromised immune systems due to disease or medical therapy,” notes Colorado State University Extension in its article “Safety of Cold Smoked Salmon. “Many countries, including the U.S., recommend these groups avoid cold smoked fish.”
The Delifish Recall
Items subject to this latest recall were sold under the following brand names and market with the following codes:
- Black Bear of the Black Forest Smoked Salmon, sold in 1 lb. packages marked with UPC # 810230000493, including lots 249 thru 291
- Food Service Cold Smoked Salmon Trim, sold in 1 lb. packages, including lots 249 thru 291
- Einstein Darn Good, sold in 4 oz retail packages marked with UPC # 099892315200, including lots 249 thru 291
- Food Service Whole Smoked Side, sold in 3-5 lb. packs, including lots 249 thru 291
- Food Service Silver Source Smoked Salmon, sold in 2-3 lb. smoked fillets, including lots 249 thru 291
- Royal Fjord Smoked Toppers, sold in 6 oz. packs marked with UPC # 810230000561, including lots 249 thru 291
- Royal Fjord Sliced Smoked Salmon Loin, sold in 12-14 oz. packages, marked with item # 42925, including lotss 249 thru 291; and HEB 4 oz. smoked salmon packages marked with UPC 041220630417, including 249 thru 291.
“Listeria control..has a very high attention in our company with strict internal standards and routines. We therefore take this issue seriously and are taking these measures to assure that products supplied by Delifish are healthy and safe for our customers and consumers,” said the company in its recall announcement.
No illnesses have been linked to this latest smoked salmon recall to date, according to the recall notice.
Too see pictures of labels on the recalled products, go here.© Food Safety NewsWelcome to Tesco Wine by the case.
We hope you enjoy your visit.
Reference number 067340059
Based on 3Staff profile - Jenny Pringle
Dr Jenny Pringle
Biography
Career highlights
Jan 2013 - Present: Senior Research Fellow, Institute for Frontier Materials, Deakin University, Melbourne.
Jan 2008 - Dec 2012: ARC QEII Fellow, Department of Materials Engineering, Monash University, Melbourne.
Jan 2007 - Dec 2007: Research Fellow, School of Chemistry, Monash University, Melbourne.
Jan 2004 - Dec 2006: ARC Post-doctoral Research Fellow, Department of Materials Engineering, Monash University, Melbourne.
Feb 2002 - Dec 2003: Research Fellow, School of Chemistry, Monash University, Melbourne.
Research
Research interests
My research is primarily focused on the development of new organic ionic electrolytes, both liquid and solid, for electrochemical devices. I also have an interest in the development of conducting polymer-based electrocatalysts. My research can be roughly broken down into three areas:
Ionic Liquids: these are a new type of solvent, composed entirely of ions, which are of interest for a variety of synthetic and electrochemical applications. They can be non-volatile and non-flammable, with good ionic conductivity and excellent thermal and electrochemical stability. We are interested in the design and synthesis of new families of ionic liquids and their use in devices such as dye-sensitised solar cells and lithium batteries.
Organic Ionic Plastic Crystals: these are crystalline phases found in many of the same organic salt families but these salts exhibit higher melting points and various forms of disorder and therefore exhibit plastic mechanical properties. This plasticity, and their intrinsic ionic conductivity, makes them of interest as solid state ion conductors.
Conducting Polymers: these are being used in an ever-expanding range of applications, from batteries to solar cells to artificial muscles, and we are particularly interested in their use as electrocatalysts to replace the expensive Pt alternatives.
Research page
Publications
Publications
- K. Romanenko, L. Jin, L. A. Madsen, J. M. Pringle, L. A. O’Dell, M. Forsyth, “Anisotropic MRI Contrast Reveals Enhanced Ionic Transport in Plastic Crystals,” Journal of the American Chemical Society, 2014, 136, 15638−15645.
- L. Jin, P. C. Howlett, J. M. Pringle, J. Janikowski, M. Armand, D. R. MacFarlane, M. Forsyth “An Organic Ionic Plastic Crystal Electrolyte for Rate Capability and Stability of Ambient Temperature Lithium Batteries” Energy and Environmental Science, 2014, 7, 3352-3361
- M. Smiglak, J. M. Pringle, X. Lu, L. Han, S. Zhang, H. Gao, D. R. MacFarlane, R. D. Rogers. “Ionic liquids for energy, materials, and medicine” Chemical Communications 2014, 50, 9228 – 9250.
- J. He, J. M. Pringle, Y. Cheng “Titanium carbide and Titanium nitride-based nano-composites as efficient catalysts for the Co2+/Co3+ redox couple in dye sensitised solar cells” J. Phys. Chem. C., 2014 118 (30), 16818–16824.
- T. J. Abraham, N. Tachikawa, D. R. MacFarlane, J. M. Pringle “Investigation of the kinetic and mass transport limitations in thermoelectrochemical cells with different electrode materials.” Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys., 2014, 16, 2527.
- Y. Han, J. M. Pringle, Y. Chen, “Photovoltaic characteristics and stability of flexible dye-sensitized solar cells on ITO/PEN substrates.” RSC Advances, 2014, 4 (3), 1393-1400.
- D. R. MacFarlane, N. Tachikawa, M. Forsyth, J. M. Pringle, P. C. Howlett, G. D. Elliott, J. H. Davis, M. Watanabe, P. Simon, C. A. Angell “Energy applications of ionic liquids.” Energy Environ. Sci., 2014, 7, 232-250
- T. J. Abraham, D. R. MacFarlane, J. M. Pringle, High Seebeck Coefficient Redox Ionic Liquid Electrolytes for Thermal Energy Harvesting, Energy and Environmental Science, 2013, 6, 2639 - 2645
- J. M. Pringle, Recent Progress in the Development and Use of Organic Ionic Plastic Crystal Electrolytes Phys. Chem. Chem. Phys., 2013, 15 (5), 1339 – 1351.
- L. Jin, K. M. Nairn, C. M. Forsyth, A. J. Seeber, D. R. MacFarlane, P. C. Howlett, M. Forsyth, J. M. Pringle, Structure and Transport Properties of a Plastic Crystal Ion Conductor: Diethyl(methyl)(isobutyl) phosphonium Hexafluorophosphate Journal of the American Chemical Society (2012), 134(23), 9688-9697
- J. M. Pringle and V. Armel The influence of ionic liquid and plastic crystal electrolytes on the photovoltaic characteristics of dye-sensitized solar cells International Reviews in Physical Chemistry 2011, 30 (4), 371–407.
- V. Armel, M. Forsyth, D. R. MacFarlane, J. M. Pringle Organic ionic plastic crystal electrolytes; a new class of electrolyte for high efficiency solid state dye-sensitized solar cells Energy and Environmental Science 2011, 4, 2234-2239
- T. J. Abraham, D. R. MacFarlane, J. M. Pringle Seebeck coefficients in ionic liquids - prospects for thermo-electrochemical cells Chem. Comm. (2011), 47(22), 6260-6262.
- V. Armel, D. Velayutham, J. Sun, P. C. Howlett, M. Forsyth, D. R. MacFarlane, J. M. Pringle Ionic liquids and organic ionic plastic crystals utilizing small phosphonium cations J. Mat. Chem. 2011, 21, 7640.
- J. M. Pringle, V. Armel, D. R. MacFarlane Electrodeposited PEDOT-on-Plastic Cathodes for Dye-Sensitized Solar Cells Chem. Comm., 2010, 46, 5367 – 5369.
- J. M. Pringle, P. C. Howlett, D. R. MacFarlane, M. Forsyth Organic Ionic Plastic Crystals: Recent Advances J. Mat. Chem. 2010, (11), 2056-2062.I'm a big Stephen King fan and have actually written before about reading his eBooks on my Pocket PC in the past. Well, his latest release hit the streets and I found an eBook vendor that wanted me to “test” their distribution platform. The vendor is Fictionwise.com and I decided to test them out since they were the first to send me a press release announcing the release of From a Buick 8. It was pretty straight forward. I joined for free, and then Fictionwise was kind enough to load up my “bookshelf” with the novel. Needless to say, I was able to download the book and start reading moments later. I should also mention that the price of the eBook is $28 but Fictionwise is offering a rebate that brings the cost down to $23.80. You can then use the difference to buy more eBooks. I haven't bought many eBooks but I was recently at Microsoft where I was having a conversation with a number of people that ONLY read books in electronic format. As for the reading experience, having a book in electronic form allows you to start reading pretty much where ever you are. For me that includes lying in bed, flying on a plane or keeping myself busy while my wife goes shopping. :-) I should also mention that Microsoft Reader has come a long way and reading on a Pocket PC doesn't hurt your eyes nearly as much as it used to.
Reader CommentsNew York, May 06: that weren't qualified for the program.
Ebanks added that her mom, who now lives in Georgia and is retired, is living with her feet up on the couch, living every day. (ANI)View Diary: Save Cheers & Jeers- Pootie-a-thon edition (126 comments)
Diary Recommended By
N in Seattle, maxomai, Sylv, vicki, Bill in Portland Maine, Common Sense Mainer, SMucci, slinkerwink, Maudlin, Cali Scribe, Danno11, NYmom, RunawayRose, alicia, Debby, cotterperson, bramish, liz, SallyCat, shermanesq, missLotus, Athenian, brillig, BlackSheep1, Wee Mama, magnetics, susakinovember, KibbutzAmiad, CoolOnion, Pithy Cherub, khloemi, Clues, PoliSigh, poe, navajo, Cedwyn, high uintas, aitchdee, Oke, Moody Loner, emmasnacker, TexDem, TiaRachel, hoolia, exiledfromTN, texasmom, 42, defluxion10, hazzcon, Tillie630, Frankenoid, annetteboardman, Timbuk3, side pocket, Man Eegee, SanDiegoDem, Thestral, Pam LaPier, Gowrie Gal, historys mysteries, escapee, JanetT in MD, revbludge, klamothe, vgranucci, offred, BCO gal, triciawyse, Pam from Calif, blue jersey mom, bjedward, kaliope, Isara, rb608, AnotherMassachusettsLiberal, FindingMyVoice, benny05, peacestpete, Ekaterin, psyched, JanF, noweasels, kishik, martini, K S LaVida, BachFan, Debbie in ME, Patriot Daily News Clearinghouse, vigilant meerkat, ferallike, BlueInARedState, kestrel9000, mskitty, blueoasis, wild hair, middleagedhousewife, MBNYC, CA Nana, Doggie269, Clive all hat no horse Rodeo, blueoregon, nannyboz, Zoskie, jkshaw, Hedwig, ms badger, Pandoras Box, AntKat, Tamar, One Pissed Off Liberal, pgm 01, donnamarie, SomeStones, Debs2, jetskreemr, bluetownship, edsbrooklyn, flumptytail, mommyof3, sfbob, crose, mudslide, uciguy30, JML9999, South Park Democrat, JoCoDem, gizmo59, thankgodforairamerica, also mom of 5, TX Freethinker, JaxDem, HappyinNM, califdem, Marko the Werelynx, OleHippieChick, Senor Unoball, VL Baker, Lujane, mayim, Jeff Y, mofembot, Horsefeathers, petulans, KrazyKitten, matching mole, binkycat, dmhlt 66, DavidW, madtowntj, maggiejean, litoralis, LinSea, Michael James, eltee, janmtairy, Denise Oliver Velez, stevenwag, rebel ga, Larsstephens, Vacationland, psfinla, michelewln, eb23, Luma, Simple, renzo capetti, 2020adam, ThirtyFiveUp, Avast Ye Swobbie, leu2500, txcatlin, Actbriniel, translatorpro, Pakalolo, annieli, Alea iacta est, implicate order, myadestes, Susipsych, GollyMissMolly, deweysmom, Jasonhouse, noodles and doodles, SueM1121, enhydra lutris, corvaire, peregrine kate, whaddaya, blue muon, blue aardvark, Book of Hearts, ParkRanger, left over flower child, jacey, Liberal Granny, Siri, 2thanks, congenitalefty, Horace Boothroyd III, Mike RinRI, mapamp, jan4insight, carolanne, belinda ridgewood, JupiterSurf, radical simplicity, OllieGarkey, Margd, Glen The Plumber, Spirit of Life, Robynhood too, Sue B, allensl, nomandates, DamselleFly, onceasgt, glorificus, broths, weck, entrelac, Aunt Pat, parsonsbeach, Alantai, Scottie Thomaston, Smoh, Fairlithe, blue91, Jim Domenico, duhban Kamala
THB 3.6M - 10.2
Kata Sea View Condos
THBLinked by Thom Holwerda on Wed 6th Mar 2013 11:54 UTC
Thread beginning with comment 554350
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
To read all comments associated with this story, please click here.
RE: Comment by Wafflez
by artworx on Wed 6th Mar 2013 17:40 in reply to "Comment by Wafflez"
RE[2]: Comment by Wafflez
by Wafflez on Wed 6th Mar 2013 23:29 in reply to "RE: Comment by Wafflez"
Member since:
2011-06-26
When they will fine Goog£€ for supplying Android phones with Android browser and not letting to remove it without voiding waranty?
Or worse.. App£€?
In true spirit of "heu heu heu Micro $oft"
Edited 2013-03-06 15:37 UTCWest Nyack, New York (PRWEB) July 01, 2013
The Promotion Optimization Institute (POI), the leading resource for trade marketing and merchandising executives, announced today that instruction is now underway with capacity enrollment for the Certified Collaborative Marketer (CCM) ™ credential. The CCM credential, the Retail/CPG industry’s only advanced professional certification in trading partner collaboration created by the POI in partnership with Dr. John L. Stanton at Saint Joseph’s University, is designed specifically for retail and consumer goods’ sales, marketing, and merchandising professionals and their organizations interested in manufacturer and retailer inter-organizational collaborative objectives in predictive planning, executing, analysis, pricing and promotion, leadership, and decision support.
“CCM was an outstanding experience, given the range and the depth of details the team presented,” said Dave Crisman, Lead Analytics, Communications, Media Center of Excellence at Mars.”Before beginning the course I would not have considered all the facets of collaborative planning that were brought to my attention through the curriculum. CCM teaches from a mutual growth perspective on how to dig into the details and get the most out of people, the collaborative processes, and price, promotion and optimization. The course leaders are truly exceptional, and I highly recommend this program to anyone across sales, marketing, and merchandising from retail or CPG.”
During this 16-week self-directed program, with 90% of it being online, expert faculty are available to expose candidates to the key collaborative skills that drive mutual success in serving a shared shopper/consumer. The program begins by exploring how organizations develop and implement a collaborative culture and strategy. Next, core functional areas of business are explored –from sales to marketing, to merchandising, pricing, supply chain and finance- teaching candidates a solid understanding of each function and how it contributes to trading partner collaboration success. CCM candidates include trade marketing and merchandising executives from DUANEreade part of the Walgreens family of companies, Mars, Pinnacle Foods, 7-Eleven, ESM Ferolie, a member of Beacon United, and Campbell Soup.
“We are excited that our inaugural orientation at Saint Joseph’s University was an overwhelming success for both our retailer and manufacturing CCM candidates. Each candidate expressed that their expectations have been exceeded and will bring them new skills including the ability to better leverage data, technology, relationships and value to their organizations,” said Michael Kantor, CEO of the POI. “We are now enrolling new candidates for the next session of the CCM credential beginning on December 4, 2013.”
Benefits of a Certified Collaborative Marketer (CCM)
“The POI CCM delivered superior breadth and depth of knowledge during the orientation and online lectures,” said Teri-Anne Foster, Director of Marketing, ESM Ferolie, a member of Beacon United. “The hands on work with course leaders and trading partner teams during the orientation provided an even stronger understanding on all sales, marketing, and merchandising collaboration strategies and execution. Additionally, the analytical and real-world skills development that is covered not only will help all attendees grow but will also position companies and trading partners to achieve greater success.”
Registration for the Winter 2013 CCM Program
Enrollment for the next session of the CCM program is now available on the POI web site. Classes begin on December 4, 2013 at Saint Joseph’s University with instruction available both online and at several university locations.
About the Promotion Optimization Institute
POI brings together manufacturers, retailers, solution providers, analyst, academics and other industry leaders. Member of the POI share cross-functional best practices in both structured and informal settings. Additionally, members benefit through our industry alliances, the Certified Collaborative Marketer (CCM) curriculum and certification, industry leadership events, and the Promotional Collaborative)poinstitute(dot)com.
###
The Certified Collaborative Marketer (CCM) ™ is a trademark belonging to the Promotion Optimization Institute. All other trademarks are the property of their registered owners.The Oconaluftee Institute for Cultural Arts will feature an exhibition of photographs by author Anna Fariello during the month of January.
The photographs explore four different native cultures — the Maya, the Kuna, the Emberá and the Cherokee — and their persistence into modern times.
“Few recognize that today’s Maya still live in Central America or that the Cherokee live close to us on a fraction of their homeland,” said Fariello. The exhibition runs through Jan. 31 and is free and open to the public. A reception will be held from 5-7p.m. on Jan. 12..
828.497.3945 or on the web at southwesterncc.edu/finearts/.StartUpHire is the place to find Sr Accountant -Revenue jobs. Review the list of Sr Accountant -Revenue career opportunities to the left. These Sr Accountant -Revenue jobs represent some of the most rewarding careers available.
You can refine your job search for Sr Accountant -Revenue career opportunities by adding a job title, company name, or keyword to the search box above … or click the “Advanced Search” link for more options.
Don't see the employment opportunity you're looking for? Check back soon for more Sr Accountant -Revenue jobs, or sign up for an email alert (link below) to receive periodic updates on new Sr Accountant -Revenue jobs.
ID 2014-2225 Job Location US-CA-City of Industry - HQ Posted Date 11/26/2014 Category Accounting/Finance More information about this job: Purpose Of The Job: The Sr. Accounts Receivable Accountant is responsible for the accurate and timely process all sales order releases,3/29/2015 City of Industry, Accountant/Controller Mopro is looking for a self-starting Sr. Accountant/Controller with technology (SAAS) solution industy experience. The position will manage all aspects of accounting with assistance from a staff of two accounting clerks. The right4/18/2015 Costa Mesa, CA3/29/2015 City of Industry, CAMeet Amber:
Here is a little something about Amber:
"My name is Amber aka awendybird and I have been paper crafting virtually since I knew what paper, scissors and glue were! I've been scrapbooking for about 18 years and stamping for at least 10. I love playing in my craft room and I'm a bit of a sketch-a-holic. I love working with sketches! I found Unity Stamp Co. several years ago and love, love, love, love their stamps!! They are the best quality red rubber stamps out there!! I currently live in Arizona with my husband, two boys and our cat. Our oldest daughter is away at college and getting married in December so we are frantically trying to pull together a wedding! Thank heavens for Pinterest! In between finishing my Bachelor degree (graduating in December!), running my Scentsy business, keeping track of two boys and their school stuff, and taking care of my husband I also design for Hiding in My Craft Room. Its a bright bit of sanity to be crafting! I'm excited to share my Unity projects with you this week and can't wait to see what you create as well!"
Be sure to swing on by Amber's Blog each day this week for wonderful Unity inspiration! At the end of the week Amber will be picking one random winner from all her comments and that person will win 2 itty bitty stamps of their choice!!
Till next week!
Maria
1 comment:
Hi Amber!! great layout! so happy to see you GIU!article
Make Carla Hall’s Christmas Roast Pork
Take shelter from stormy Christmas Eve skies with this sizzling seasonal roast, created by one of...
Know Your Wood
When up to 60% of a single-malt Scotch’s flavor comes from the barrel in which it's aged, itRich kids hunt and kill their lower-class counterparts in weird Internet video
Filed under: Day Care & Education
Ever wonder what it would've been like to attend one of those elite boarding schools, taking class with children of the unimaginably rich?
You'd learn Latin, take advanced courses -- whatever it took to become a world leader. Then, in your free time, you and your high-class friends could have a blast laughing at all the little people whose lives you'll eventually control. Hooray!
At least that's how it works at Glenalmond, an exclusive Scottish boys school where tuition is more than $45,000 per year. Pupils at the school have recently come under scrutiny for a YouTube spoof called "Class Wars," in which some schoolboys on horseback hunt down and shoot their lower-class counterparts. The whole thing was apparently set to classical music.
The video has been removed from YouTube by the user, as whoever posted it is not only "brash, crass and arrogant" (as described by one Scottish politician), but also spineless -- unable to withstand the criticism that followed the video's release.
How fantastic that Scotland's upper crust has such a lively sense of humor.
Bravo, lads. Bravo.
Your<span>Voice</span>
Ask Us Anything About Parenting
TheTalkies
AskAdviceMama
ReaderComments (Page 1 of 1)
8-14-2007 @ 9:31AMLS said...
ok, this just made me laugh. Sorry if I'm not offended, but this falls into the "sometimes kids do stupid things" category. Only now it's all high-profile because it got posted it on YouTube, and everyone has to pretend they're offended when they're really sitting in their offices with the doors closed, laughing at the video.
ReplyA far cry
How can a raging conflict claim so many lives yet be so overlooked, asks David Eimer, in the first of a two-part series on the insurgency in southern Thailand. Pictures by Andrew Chant
Related articles
The killing started early in Damabuah village. From first light on the morning of December 11, people had gathered at the village teashop, an open-sided shack with a corrugated iron roof, as they usually did before heading to work in nearby rubber plantations: the mainstay of the economy in Thailand's deep south. Young and old, they sat on plastic chairs and chatted as they ate snacks and drank tea - unaware that six of them would be dead within the hour.
"I was sitting with my back to the road when the firing started. It was about 7am. I got under the table to take cover. Then the guns stopped and people began to cry and scream," says Hamisi Jehdo, a 23-year-old rubber tapper, speaking to Post Magazine just a few hours after the shooting. Sitting on the porch of his wooden house, he is in a state of extreme shock.
Hamisi's great-uncle died that morning, along with five others - including an 11-month-old girl - when a pick-up truck stopped outside the teashop and three men in the back sprayed its customers with automatic fire. They fired 42 rounds in little under half a minute, before speeding away. Their victims died for one reason only: because they were Muslims.
Within hours, as Islamic tradition dictates, the funerals had taken place. The young father of Infami Samoh, the dead baby, carried his daughter in outstretched arms to the village burial ground, where she was laid to rest in a shallow, muddy hole under a Mangosteen tree. Fellow villagers followed silently behind while the army, police and local militiamen who had gathered in Damabuah after the shootings watched from the side of the road, their rifles clutched to their chests.
The infant's death was shocking only because she was so young. She was just one of the almost 5,400 people who have been killed in this region in the past eight years. More than 9,500 others have been injured since 2004, when the long-festering grievances of the majority Muslim population in the deep south erupted into outright guerrilla warfare against the overwhelmingly Buddhist Thai state.
About 80 per cent of the 1.8 million people living in the three provinces at the southeast tip of Thailand - Pattani, Narathiwat and Yala, the latter two of which border Malaysia - are ethnic Malay Muslims. They speak Malay as their first language and use Arabic script to write, and many want their own independent state.
," says a senior representative of the Pattani United Liberation Organisation (Pulo), one of the two main separatist groups in the area.
Just a couple of hundred miles from the tourist playgrounds of Ko Samui and Phuket, where holidaymakers enjoy idyllic beaches and dance at all-night raves, the insurgency has turned the deep south into an increasingly bloody battleground. Appalling acts of violence such as the teashop massacre in Damabuah are commonplace, as relentless waves of revenge attacks by both Buddhists and Muslims fuel the conflict.
A few hours after the killings in Damabuah, an isolated village in Narathiwat province, a group of gunmen walked into a school canteen in Pattani and shot dead two Buddhist teachers in front of their pupils. Hundreds of schools have gone up in flames and m ore than 150 Buddhist teachers have been assassinated, simply because they are regarded as symbols of the Thai state.
Gruesome tit-for-tat killings occur on a daily basis, with the victims gunned down as they ride through villages fringed with coconut trees or beheaded as they work in the rubber plantations. Car bombs explode in the crowded markets of small towns while ever-more sophistica-ted IEDs (improvised explosive devices) target the Thai security forces.
With more than 20 million visitors a year and tourism contributing an estimated 6 per cent of the country's gross domestic product, Thailand is fiercely protective of its reputation as the "Land of Smiles". But the beaches in the deep south are deserted and foreigners nowhere to be found. Buddhist monks are confined to their temples, able to leave only under armed guard, while mosques are riddled with bullet holes from reprisal attacks.
Home to the most violent internal conflict in Southeast Asia, according to a report by the International Crisis Group think-tank in Brussels, the entire region is under an emergency law that gives the 150,000-strong security forces special powers. Military convoys rumble through towns and villages, checkpoints dominate the roads and mobile phone signals are frequently jammed to prevent insurgents using them to set off a bomb or an IED, nearly 2,500 of which have been planted since 2004.
An estimated 12,500 to 15,000 separatists are ranged against the army, police and paramilitary groups.
"We are normal people. We're rubber tappers, rice farmers, small-business owners, teachers. We are present in every village in the deep south," says the Pulo representative, a well-spoken, middle-aged man wearing a round kopiah hat, the headgear worn by Muslims in Malaysia. He asks not to be named, or for the location of the interview to be revealed.
In recent months, there has been a notable escalation in the violence, as the other main insurgent group, the Barisan Revolusi Nasional-Koordinasi (BRN-C), steps up its assault on the deep south's school system. So many Buddhist teachers are being attacked that, late last month, Thailand's deputy education minister proposed issuing bulletproof vests to every one of them.
Successive governments in Bangkok have insisted that all pupils in the deep south be taught only in Thai, despite the fact that in many of the schools the pupils are solely Malay-speaking Muslims. Now, not only Buddhist teachers but the schools themselves are viewed by the insurgents as targets and evidence of Thailand's "occupation" of the deep south. Almost 350 of them have been burned to the ground since 2004.
At the Bang Maruad School in Pattani, a primary school whose 575 pupils are all Muslims, the children - the young girls in hijabs - play among the charred remains of their classrooms, the collapsed roof and blackened timbers lying all around them. A Thai flag flies from the ruins while a few desks and chairs sal-vaged from the wrecked building are stacked nearby.
"They set it alight at midnight on the 29th November. Now, the children have to study in a tent. They were very sad when they saw the damage and many cried," says Ateekhoh Waerdorloh, a teacher at the school. Ateekhoh, a Muslim, says she is unsure why their school was targeted. "So many places have had this happen. I think often about why they chose us."
One week before the school was razed, however, the imam in Bang Maruad village was arrested on suspicion of being the leader of the local BRN-C unit. And the nearby hills were once home to Pulo training camps. With Pulo stepping back from armed attacks to assume a more political role, it is the BRN-C, along with the much smaller Runda Kumpulan Kecil (RKK), that is thought to be behind much of the recent violence.
The insurgent groups operate in the shadows, rarely issuing statements or demands. The BRN-C is especially elusive, a network of loosely connected cells with no apparent leaders. The conflict is confined to the deep south, so its impact is not felt outside the region. At the same time, the country's media deliberately downplays the insurgency. Reports are frequently inaccurate, or focus on attacks on the Buddhist minority.
Thai politicians appear to be in denial about the scale and intensity of the guerrilla war.
"It's really time that people in Thailand realise that this is one of the most serious conflicts in the world. Nothing is going to get solved until it becomes a political priority. The problem isn't going away," says Professor Duncan McCargo, an expert on the conflict at Britain's Leeds University.
Two days after the killings in Damabuah, Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra made a rare visit to the region to meet with teachers' associations to discuss the attacks against them. However, Deputy Prime Minister Chalerm Yoobamrung, the man in charge of security in the deep south, has yet to visit the area, despite having been in office for 18 months.
Chalerm is prone to making comments that betray the government's unwillingness to confront the insurgency. Last month, he told reporters that, "if the media stops presenting news about the southern unrest, the situation would improve". He also refused to accept a report by the Australian Institute for Economics and Peace that said an astonishing 5 per cent of all global terrorist attacks between 2002 and 2009 occurred in Thailand.
Instead, Thai media and politicians tend to describe the insurgents as mere gangs fighting for control of the smuggling business. That trade sees heroin and methamphetamine from Myanmar head south to Malaysia while oil, petrol and cigarettes travel in the opposite direction.
With the separatist groups so faceless and the press colluding to talk down the conflict, few Thais, or people outside the country, have any idea of the root causes of the insurgency. That ensures the government feels no real pressure to solve the crisis.
"We have met and negotiated with the government many times. We spoke to them again in November," says the Pulo representative. "Our conclusion is that the government doesn't want to do a peace deal. Their position is that they want us to surrender; that's all they say. The government are not sincere in wanting to solve the problem. It's just propaganda to show the outside world they are working to solve the problem."
Few people even in Thailand know the deep south was an independent sultanate as far back as the 13th century. From the 16th century on, it fell unwillingly under Thai rule for brief periods. It wasn't until the Anglo-Siamese Treaty of 1909 that it was absorbed into Thailand proper. Britain recognised Thai sovereignty over the region in return for Bangkok abandoning its claims to other parts of what were then the British-ruled Malay States.
Protests against Thai rule intensified after the second world war and a low-level insurgency began in the 1960s, but it was only in 2001 that the conflict started in earnest. Now, even Muslims who do not want an independent nation are calling for greater autonomy. They rail against officials imported from other parts of Thailand, the fact that only Thai is taught in schools and that there are no media outlets in Malay.
"Everything is in Thai. We don't have a newspaper in Malay, or a TV station or radio station; it's crazy. There are many old people here who can't speak any Thai at all," says one man in Pattani who does not want to be named. The links between the deep south and Malaysia remain strong, with some 200,000 Thai Muslims working in the country, and cross-border marriages are common.
The Pulo representative, however, denies claims in the Thai media that the insurgent groups are funded by Muslims in Malaysia and Indonesia.
"Our money comes from fund-raising in the villages, with people paying a certain amount each month. It's not like a tax, but if one person needs a gun then they'll ask people to help them buy it." Some of those arms do come from neighbouring countries, he admits. "There are lots of weapons in Southeast Asia left over from many wars."
Nor is there any hard evidence of links between the separatists and the radical Islamic groups in Indonesia and the Philippines believed to have ties with al-Qaeda. Rather than create a fundamentalist Islamic nation, they say they plan to model their country on Malaysia.
"It will be a democratic state with an elected government, and it will be a mix of Islamic and international law," the representative says. "Those who were born here can live here. But Buddhists who came here from other parts of the country; that's different. If they came here as immigrants to take our land and jobs, then maybe they'll have to move back."
The years of war have created deep mistrust between Muslims and Buddhists. Many of the latter are leaving the deep south for safer places.
"They go to Krabi or Hat Yai, although sometimes they come back because they can't find work," says a female shopkeeper in Yala town, where concrete barriers line the streets in the city's commercial centre to limit the damage from motorbike bombs.
With the government apparently unwilling to contemplate a political solution, Thailand's security forces have been given a near free hand to crack down on the separatists. Both the police and army have been guilty of human rights abuses since 2004 while local militias founded to reinforce them stand accused of acting as death squads.
Most hated are the paramilitary rangers known as the Black Army. They were present outside Damabuah village on the morning of the shootings. But the deputy chief of police in Narathiwat province suggests other culprits.
"We think the attackers are the same group responsible for most of the violence here and they are Muslims," says Police Colonel Nittinai Langyana. When asked why Muslims would want to kill their own people, the colonel gives what is now the standard response of the security forces to allegations that some local militias target ordinary Muslims: "Sometimes, they dress up as rangers to make it seem like they [the rangers] are responsible. It's a way of creating problems for us."
The villagers of Damabuah are not convinced, pointing out that access to the village is down a single road.
"There are two Black Army checkpoints at each end of the village which the killers had to pass through," says Shukri Nikmea, whose 70-year-old father died in the teashop shooting.
"You draw your own conclusions on who did it."
Next week: the human cost of the insurgency.
For unlimited access to:
Existing subscribers, login hereTexas Blackouts Revive Deregulation Debate ...
Elmo
This is about greed. To use the excuse plants are down is lame at best. It is about money plain and simple. The Tribune needs to demand to see the list of plants down. They will include plants that no longer product electricity
Mike Dunn
We need less regurgitation of elected official doubletalk and more investigative journalism. A timeline of events, interviews with plant employees, etc.
Reading Frasier's statement that they are "governing" is laughable... I want to know how much stock he has in the companies he oversees on our behalf.
Michael Giberson
I wonder how many homes had frozen water pipes in Texas? I suspect the problem was worse in Texas than in North Dakota, simply because we don't usually experience the same degree of cold in Texas. Regulation or deregulation doesn't have much to do with it - it just doesn't usually make sense to be prepared for such cold because it usually doesn't get that cold.
Elmo
Michael
Deregulation had everything to do with it. Did you not see due to this, they were charging 3000 per kilowat hour instead of 25 for wholesale electricity ?Who made this money? As for as the cold. Come on now this is bogus. Everyone is prepsared for the cold. Are we that backwards?
Michael Giberson
The $3,000 per MW price was only paid to generators that could produce extra power during the shortage. Most generators had already committed their power at day ahead or under longer term contracts, and probably were paid something close to the average price for this time of year. Some generators were under contract to supply power that morning, but couldn't due to their equipment failures, and so had to PAY the $3,000 per MW price to cover for their failure to provide power they had contracted to supply.
You suggest deregulated generators were raking in the money at the expense of consumers, but some very big generators like Luminant lost lots of money. Luminant reported to the SEC an expected $30,000,000 loss due to the failures on Feb. 2 and the need to buy replacement power.
Any well prepared retailer had contracts covering most or all of the power needs that morning, and so are not exposed to a lot of excess costs due to the real time price. If your retailer was unprepared, then they lost a lot of money and may go out of business. Buy from a better company next time.
Elmo
I can't buy from anyone else. David Sibley made sure of that. Like most rural Texans, I am on a COOP and cannot switch.High rates and sorry serviceAt only fifteen and a half years old, Ruby Jacinski is forced to take a job at the packinghouses in order to support her family. But even with that job, Ruby’s family is very poor. Ruby yearns for the time when they didn’t live in the Yards, when they had money, when her father was alive. She also wants more freedom from her strict mother. Opportunity comes in the form of bad boy Paulie Suelze. With help from him, Ruby lands a job at a Taxi-Dance Hall, where her wages are much higher than she could ever make at the packinghouse.
At the Starlight, the Taxi-Dance Hall, Ruby manages to make one solid friend, Peggy, whose experience guides Ruby and helps her out of some sticky situations. However, nothing could stop Ruby for falling in love with Paulie. Soon with success at the Starlight and a relationship with Paulie, Ruby finds herself caught up in the dangerous world of money and mobsters. Ruby is constantly torn between her loyalties to her family, her friends, and Paulie as well as her illusion as she struggles to discover what she truly wants in her life.
Ten Cents a Dance was certainly an amazing historical novel. it was placed against the backdrop of World War II, and the wartime atmosphere in America was very well-portrayed. But my favorite aspect of this novel had to be Ruby’s character. She is such a strong young woman, and even though she made many mistakes, she learned from them. If Ruby were a real person, she’d be living evidence of the phrase, “what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger.” On another note, I could Ruby’s love of dance and music fascinating. I swear, I have a vivid image in my head of Ruby “hoofing it.” Ruby has definitely won me over with her journey to find herself, and she has become one of my favorite fictional characters.
I think Ruby’s strength can be an inspiration to all of us, and I whole-heartedly recommend Ten Cents a Dance. Fans of historical fiction novels, such as A Northern Light by Jennifer Donnelly, as well as coming-of-age stories like I Wanna Be Your Joey Ramone by Stephanie Kuehnert will also enjoy this novel.
Rating: 4.75
Review copy from author Christine Fletcher
Ten Cents a Dance by Christine Fletcher
4 munch(es) :
Oo, this is on my wishlist and on my TBR list as soon as I receive it! Your review only makes me anticipate it that much more XD
Steph
Ah, I loved this book. My mom read it and loved it too, which is amazing, since it's hard for us to find books we both like. I have to say though, I like the cover of the ARC I got better, though they are both very cool.
oo, I can't wait to read this one, it sounds really great.
Nice review! I caught it on Librarything after adding mine and thought I'd jump over here to say hi from another LT ER-er (I'm Alirambles over there). Looks like we both enjoyed the same things about this one--Ruby's character, and the way Christine Fletcher made her setting "sing!" I'll be posting an interview with Christine on Worducopia next week.Photo provided by Patrick Dove/The Salt Lake Tribune
Dispatches From Short Creek
Two years have passed since FLDS prophet Warren Jeffs was convicted on two counts of felony child sexual assault. And, while he serves a life sentence in a Texas prison cell, the polygamous community of Short Creek—made up of twin towns Hildale, Utah, and Colorado City, Ariz.—is finding its way through property battles, crumbling families and keeping the faith.
Cellblock Edicts
Ousted Jeffs’ followers report he continues to issue commandments from behind prison walls. Members have purportedly been expelled from the faith, ordered to survive on beans and water, turn over their cars to the church and drop out of school to build Jeffs a palatial compound. But, says Salt Lake Tribune polygamy reporter Jim Dalrymple II, verifying the edicts are being carried out is a different matter. “It’s wise to frame those as rumors,” he says. “People on the inside aren’t dying to talk.”
A New Leader?
While thousands still adhere to Jeffs’ commands, more than 100 former followers have found leadership in “Uncle” William E. Jessop, who broke from the imprisoned prophet in 2011. His unnamed congregation sticks to FLDS principles, including plural marriage, but as he told the Tribune in February, “We do not want to do anything that breaks the law.” That means girls must be legal age before they marry and kids are encouraged to finish high school. Only time will tell if these guidelines are being followed.
Big Brother’s Watching
Tribune reporters documented 29 security cameras keeping watch over town on a recent visit to Short Creek. Willie Jessop, a former Jeffs’ follower and spokesman, told the paper the cameras are monitored by about 50 FLDS men and controlled by Jeffs’ brother, Lyle Jeffs, to keep an eye on community members and keep them in line with orders.
The Land Trust
The United Effort Plan, the FLDS founded trust owning much of the property in Short Creek, was taken over by the state in 2005. Now the Utah Attorney General’s office has come up with a plan to untangle Utah’s role. “In terms of legal proceedings, it’s the biggest thing going on right now,” Dalrymple says. The accountant assigned to oversee the multimilliondollar trust has gotten his first paycheck in years, which he’ll have to repay to the state from UEP funds, and plans to charge taxes and fees to people living in trust-owned homes.
High Bid, Low Blow
The mansion and sprawling compound an incarcerated Jeffs ordered followers to build changed hands in late April when former Jeffs’ hatchet man Willie Jessop snatched up the property at auction. Two bids—one for $2.5 million and another for $1.1 million—bought the grounds, three homes, a Costco-sized warehouse, a row of apartments and a school. Dalrymple reports Jessop has said he’d like the purchase to benefit the community.
Back>>>Part 3 Living Outside the Law & Challenging Constitutionality
Back>>>Other stories in our August 2013 issueFDA Says Honey With Added Sweetners Isn’t Honey
Republicans Upset At FDA Monitoring Of Whistleblowers
>>IMAGE<<
FDA Attempting To Eliminate Antibiotics In Meat
FDA Proposes Rules To Make Animal Food Safer
Merck: FDA Wants More Studies Of Insomnia Drug
Judge Blocks Government Rule To Place Graphic Images On Cigarette Packages
.POLICE have issued 19,236 fines to drivers for speeding, using their mobile phone at the wheel or not wearing a seat belt.
Hampshire Constabulary also breathalysed 12,677 motorists last year – and 547 of those were arrested for drink driving.
The statistics for 2012 have been released by the force’s roads policing unit, which launched a major campaign last year to crack down on the ‘big four’ offences that lead to most collisions on our roads.
In 2012 officers issued 8,028 fixed penalty notices of £60 for speeding, 3,493 for use of mobile phones while driving and 2,699 for failure to wear a seat belt.
The remaining fines were given out for issues such as vehicle or tyre faults.
Meanwhile, figures show between January and November last year, collisions in which people were killed or seriously injured were down 13.1 per cent on 2011, with 926 compared to 1,065.
By the end of 2012, there had been 43 fatalities on our roads – a reduction of 4.4 per cent on 2011.
‘That’s still too many,’ said Chief Inspector Andy Bottomley, of Hampshire’s Roads Policing Unit.
‘The majority of fatalities and serious injury collisions we’ve attended were entirely preventable. Some may have only been fatal because the driver or passenger chose not to wear a seat belt.
‘I know fixed penalty notices are controversial. They divide opinion and some see them as a money-making operation by police. But that’s not the case.
‘It makes no difference to us as individual officers whether you pay a fine or not.
‘What matters to us is that we’re not dealing with a fatality you have caused further down the line. If a fine will make you think twice about using your phone at the wheel or breaking the speed limit, then we could have prevented a serious collision in the future.’
The data shows officers attended 3,091 collisions in which people were injured. The casualty reduction strategy will continue until April.
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.A strong thunderstorm near Lykens is making its way east, with a severe thunderstorm warning in effect through 3:30 p.m., said the National Weather Service at State College.
Wind gusts up to 50 mph and torrential downpours are possible. Towns affected are in upper Dauphin County, Schuylkill County and northern Lebanon County, including I-78 and 81.
NWS issued a severe thunderstorm warning until 3:30 p.m., urging residents to take shelter, in northern Dauphin County and parts of Perry and Lebanon counties.Life & Style: Trompe l'oeil
By Leslie Linsley
Contributing Writer
(May 29, 2014)
I love it when
someone creates or invents or thinks up something unusual as a home
project or solution to a problem. It can often lead to a more
creative space. Off-beat, not the usual, something meant for one
thing but used for another, that’s what adds personality.
I need a stair railing on my wall where I have three short steps.
Everyone holds onto the wall and leaves fingerprints. But I don't
want a stair railing. A friend suggested two boat cleats with heavy,
fat boat rope tied between. My house isn’t nautical, although the
idea might work in a bathroom for holding towels. For that I cut a
long wooden dowel the length of the bathroom wall. Once stained or
painted, secure to the wall with brass ends from the hardware store.
It’s better than a towel rack, holds more towels and looks good.
Do this outdoors for holding beach towels. There's no eyesore for the
neighbors to complain about. It's like hanging towels over a porch
railing. My friend Liz hangs her sheets on a clothesline. Remember
those? I want one. Can’t you just see that passing in the historic
district!
Back to the stair railing . . . Steve and JoAnn Marcoux brought me
my favorite Christmas gift last year. When we were all boating last
summer I was looking for the perfect piece of driftwood to look like
a sculpted railing. I never found it. But they did.
Not yet attached. Any ideas how to do this?
Lynn Sherman is a Key West artist. She paints small canvases of
door fronts. Her good friend just built a house with a high ceiling
and a stairway to a loft bedroom. The circular staircase ends in the
middle of the opening at the top-floor level. When you look up at the
loft from down below there are two blank half-walls on each side of
the staircase. I hope you get a mental picture as I forgot to take a
photograph. However, their clever and quite personal solution for
wall décor could be adapted anywhere. I did remember to take
pictures of their projects. A few approaches to blank walls are:
1. Do nothing. Embrace “quiet” space.
2. Hang paintings.
3. Do something creative
Lynn and Jonathon were inspired by the library used-book sale and
designed his-and-her personal trompe l’oeil bookcases using the
spines of the books they bought. I want to do one with my favorite
books chronicling different periods of my life.
Here are the pictures of the finished projects in Lynn’s studio
before they were hung.
So how’s it done?
1. Paint a piece of plywood with latex paint. A dark color is good.
2. Attach molding to the top and both sides. You might stain it first.
3. Divide the background to create “shelves” and paint the strips
to look like the front of shelving. No it’s not wood!
4. Then have fun “arranging” the books and objects on the
“shelves”.
Some of the books are created with actual spines removed from the
books and glued in place. Other “books” are painted. Each artist
chose personal objects, a photograph, a picture of a clock or dish or
an Andy Warhol-like painting and glued it to the background.
This project can be any size. Choose the books by color, title, size
and subject, and have fun making it personal. I’m thinking of doing
this in a small bathroom over the toilet from one wall to the other.
It’s a narrow space to fill and you wouldn’t actually want a
bookshelf sticking out over the toilet. But it is a “reading”
room. Kind of a tongue-in-cheek statement!
This is a great way to tell “your story”. It’s like a personal
biography of books you love or have influenced you or mark a period
of time in your life. Of you might just pick the books for their
colorful spines. Lynn says you don’t have to have any special
skills for thisOctober 1, 2013 in Outdoors
This is for the diehards who just can’t wait any longer! Crystal Mountain ski resort near Mount Rainier opened its terrain Oct. 1, 2013, to take advantage of 22 inches of new snow for a special kickoff to the season.Tickets were available for $15 for the first 75 people to purchase online for a limited opening. Season passes were not valid. You must have a ticket to get on the gondExisting Posts
Flags was a great movie I am glad another edition is on the way. I also passed on the first release
Excellent news! I loved both movies but passed on the first Flags DVD because of no extras.
cool i knew this would be worth the wait.
Yeah, there aren't any details available yet so I haven't bothered adding it. Will wait till I've got something more substantial than a release date.
Here's hoping. I'm holding out on seeing either until the DVDs come out and I can see them back to back.?
FOLLOW DVDACTIVE
Follow our updates
OTHER INTERESTING STUFF
Hot Interviews
Award Winning
New Easter Eggs
Most Talked About
…
A Stone's ThrowPrice from $250 p/n*
- Guests
- 6
- Beds
- 3
- Guest rating
- I loved it!
- Online payment
- Available
House in Two Rocks Fantastic beaches and fishing
A Luxurious Holiday Home
Sea ChangeCheck with owner
- Guests
- 9
- Beds
- 7
- Guest rating
- I loved it!
House in Two Rocks Yanchep Lagoon
Perfect for families - loads of space. 400m to beach and deep water…
Last Minute: Stay before for 10% off.
-
- Guests
- 6
- Beds
- 6
- Guest rating
- Not yet rated
House in Yanchep 1km to Yanchep Lagoon
Yanchep LagoonWalk to swim, surf, and fish! 3 Bedroom Large open living…
Brazier Beach HousePrice from $225 p/n*
- Guests
- 4
- Beds
- 7
- Guest rating
- Not yet rated
House in Yanchep Yanchep Beach and Lagoon
Beautiful beach front house, opposite accessway to Lagoon. Ocean views…
Yanchep National Park - 5 Night Min StayCheck with owner
- Guests
-.
Sun City VillaCheck with owner
- Guests
- 6
- Beds
- 5
- Guest rating
- I really didn't like it!
House in Yanchep 500m to Sun City Golf Course
SUN CITY VILLA - Golf, Beaches, National Parks, Pool/Spa/Games Room…
Special: 2 COMPLIMENTARY BOTTLES OF LOCAL WINE ON ARRIVAL FOR STAYS…
Townhouse close to beachPrice from $130 p/n*
- Guests
- 6
- Beds
- 3
- Guest rating
- Not yet rated
- Online payment
- Available
Townhouse in Yanchep Yanchep National Park, Beach
Townhouse near beach
* Per night rates are calculated to help you compare properties. Minimum stay periods and conditions may apply.
Browse Perth Accommodation by Area
Most Popular Areas
All Areas
- Alfred Cove (2)
- Applecross (9)
- Ardross (9)
- Armadale (5)
- Attadale (4)
- Balcatta (1)
- Bayswater (8)
- Beaconsfield (1)
- Beeliar (1)
- Belmont (7)
- Bickley (1)
- Bicton (3)
- Booragoon (1)
- Bull Creek (3)
- Bullsbrook (2)
- Burns Beach (2)
- Burswood (10)
- Butler (7)
- Canning Vale (10)
- Cannington (9)
- Carabooda (1)
- Carramar (4)
- City Beach (3)
- Claremont (24)
- Clarkson (7)
- Como (7)
- Connolly (1)
- Coolbellup (1)
- Cottesloe (80)
- Crawley (1)
- Dianella (2)
- Doubleview (1)
- Duncraig (1)
- East Cannington (1)
- East Fremantle (9)
- East Perth (14)
- East Victoria Park (1)
- Edgewater (1)
- Ellenbrook (3)
- Embleton (1)
- Ferndale (1)
- Forrestfield (1)
- Fremantle (232)
- Gooseberry Hill (1)
- Hamilton Hill (1)
- Henley Brook (1)
- Herne Hill (1)
- Highgate (1)
- Hillarys (32)
- Innaloo (2)
- Jandakot (1)
- Jolimont (1)
- Joondalup (42)
- Joondanna (3)
- Kalamunda (1)
- Kallaroo (2)
- Karrinyup (1)
- Kelmscott (1)
- Kinross (2)
- Langford (1)
- Lesmurdie (1)
- Lynwood (1)
- Manning (1)
- Maylands (7)
- Menora (1)
- Mindarie Keys (25)
- Moore River (6)
- Mosman Park (3)
- Mount Hawthorn (1)
- Mount Lawley (21)
- Mount Pleasant (2)
- Mullaloo (5)
- Mundaring (5)
- Murdoch (1)
- Myaree (1)
- Nedlands (13)
- North Beach (7)
- North Fremantle (5)
- North Perth (3)
- Ocean Reef (5)
- Orange Grove (1)
- Palmyra (1)
- Perth Airport (11)
- Perth Beaches (103)
- Perth Central (141)
- Perth City (137)
- Perth East (16)
- Perth Hills (29)
- Perth North (42)
- Perth South (40)
- Perth Waterfront (12)
- Quinns Rocks (22)
- Redcliffe (2)
- Ridgewood (1)
- Rivervale (1)
- Rockingham (79)
- Samson (1)
- Scarborough (38)
- Secret Harbour (5)
- Shelley (1)
- Shenton Park (7)
- South Fremantle (28)
- South Lake (1)
- South Perth (15)
- Southern River (1)
- Subiaco (54)
- Sunset Coast (16)
- Swan Valley (21)
- Swanbourne (4)
- The Vines (1)
- Thornlie (3)
- Trigg (1)
- Victoria Park (4)
- Warwick (1)
- Watermans Bay (2)
- Wattle Grove (2)
- Wembley (1)
- West Leederville (4)
- West Perth (20)
- White Gum Valley (2)
- Willetton (1)
- Woodvale (1)
- Yanchep (11)As summer films go, "
If it sounds kinda fun, please know it is, with those aforementioned scientists (TV faces Charlie Day and Burn Gorman) creating some laughs with their goofy nature of oneupsmanship. On the more intensely serious side are Jaeger Gen. Stacker Pentecost (Idris Elba) and his tough and lovely young ward (Rinko Kikuchi).
The latter doubles as potential love interest to heroic rebel Raleigh Becket (Charlie Hunnam), who will have to learn mind-melding techniques with a different co-pilot following the kaiju-inflicted death of his brother. It certainly won't take too long to figure out whom that might be but, by then, burly Ron Perlman might take your own mind away from everything else in leading a shady team that deals in lucrative alien body parts.
Hey, don't ask questions. Just
trust most of del Toro's visual instincts and go along for the wild ride,
including a Lou Gehrig-like speech fromLa la la, Christmas is almost here, and my house is a complete mess. Also: the tree is not up, and the space where it goes is filled with a sewing machine, which I can't move until I free it from the Things I'm still supposed to wrap or use for said wrapping. (Oh, and the spinning wheel, which I'm hoping I can sneak in some time with if I leave it out long enough.)
On the upside, the stuff going out the door or into place is charming, even if I did knit a lot less than usual this year.
I am in love with all that red and white, aren't you? It's the result of my going a little crazy for Japanese masking tape on Etsy.
Disclaimer: some of the stuff I bought turns out to have been old and no longer adhesive, grrrr. But that red squiggly roll was perfect.
I bought fancy clementines with the leaves still attached from a super-posh grocery, then supplemented with regular un-stemmed fruit. It's all pretty as far as I'm concerned... and so yummy!
Carol's slippers! I can't believe the stripes lined up in the end. Bonus: they fit her. I should really knit Carol some actual socks because she has the tiniest feet of anybody I know (and maybe if I did she would stop making me do quite so many abdominal exercises every time I go to her gym.)
Brown paper lunch bags and bright red sock yarn. This is how you make a little box of unbelievably delicious caramels look even more forbidden.
Oh how I love this little red felted wool ornament, bought from the shop near the cottage to remind me that summer will indeed come again.
Not pictured: the Christmas cards I finally wrote a critical few of (aunts and uncles only I'm afraid) and will be mailing today... if the lineup at the post office isn't entirely out of hand.
I hope your Friday plans are progressing nicely and that your weekend will be relaxed and enjoyable (or at least not filled unbearably with the wrong kind of mayhem.) See you Monday, if only to check in briefly before Christmas Day. wheeeee!An estimated crowd of 4,000 gathered in downtown Seattle to support building a new arena in attempt to lure an NBA team (ESPN.com)
Miami Heat ties best of seven series with 100-96 victory against Oklahoma City Thunder (Miami Herald)
Portland Trail Blazers guard Jamal Crawford plans to opt out of his contract (Sporting News)
Jerry Sloan withdraws from Charlotte Bobcats coaching search (Charlotte Observer)"At research seminars, people don't take Keynesian theorising seriously anymore; the audience starts to whisper and giggle to one another." So declared Robert Lucas of the University of Chicago, writing in 1980. At the time, Lucas was arguably the world's most influential macroeconomist; the influence of John Maynard Keynes, the British economist whose theory of recessions dominated economic policy for a generation after the Second World War, seemed to be virtually at an end.
But Keynes, it turns out, is having the last giggle. Lucas's "rational expectations" theory of booms and slumps has shown itself to be completely useless in the current world crisis. Not only does it offer no guide for action, but it more or less asserts that market economies cannot possibly experience the kind of problems they are, in fact, experiencing. Keynesian economics, on the other hand, which was created precisely to make sense of times like these, looks better than ever. there's an alternative interpretation of what Keynes was all about, one offered by Keynes himself in an article published in 1937, a year after The General Theory. Here, Keynes suggested that the core of his insight lay in the acknowledgement that there is uncertainty in the world – uncertainty that cannot be reduced to statistical probabilities, what the former US defence secretary Donald Rumsfeld called "unknown unknowns". This irreducible uncertainty, he argued, lies behind panics and bouts of exuberance and primarily accounts for the instability of market economies.
In this book, Skidelsky puts himself in the camp of those who argue, in effect, that Keynes 1937, not Keynes 1936, is the man to listen to – that Keynesianism is, or should be, essentially about uncertainty and how it leads to economic instability. And from this he draws some radical conclusions.
Most strikingly, Skidelsky declares that the traditional division between microeconomics and macroeconomics, which is based on whether one focuses on individual markets or on the overall economy, is all wrong; macroeconomics should be defined as the field that studies those areas of economic life in which irreducible uncertainty, uncertainty that cannot be tamed with statistics, dominates. He goes so far as to call for a complete division of postgraduate studies: departments of macroeconomics should not even teach microeconomics, or vice versa, because macroeconomists must be protected "from the encroachment of the methods and habits of mind of microeconomics".
How far should we be willing to follow Skidelsky in this? I think we must trust the biographer in his assessment of Keynes himself; Skidelsky argues persuasively that Keynes spent much of his life deeply focused upon, even obsessed with, the question of how one acts in the face of uncertainty, which is why Keynes 1937 comes closer to the essence of the great man's own thinking.
That's not the same thing, however, as saying that Keynes was right – even about his own contribution. Surely it's possible to make the case for a less profound reconstruction of economics than Skidelsky advocates. I'd point out that behavioural economists, who drop the assumption of perfect rationality but don't seem much concerned by the essential unknowability of the future, have done relatively well at making sense of this crisis; I'd also point out that current disputes over economic policy, above all about the usefulness of government spending to promote employment, seem to be primarily about Say's Law – that is, Keynes 1936.
No matter..
• Paul Krugman won the Nobel Prize for economics last year.Silver Spring, MDUSA
20910
Hometown: Silver Spring
January 12, 2009
No answer yet
Love the live music so much that I had to create a band to play it myself. Though I have been on a number of Meetup group list, I must say that every group is just fantastic and this one will be just as outstanding.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyFrom The New York Daily News:
Eliot Spitzer is going from the dog house to CNN's house. The former New York governor, who stepped down in March 2008 after it was revealed he was stepping out with a hooker, has landed a job at CNN co-hosting a nightly discussion program with conservative columnist Kathleen Parker.
» Read the full story: Eliot Spitzer, ex-NY Gov. who resigned after prostitute scandal, lands co-hosting job at CNN [New York Daily News]
» Eliot Spitzer gets his own CNN political debate show [New York Post]
» Spitzer, Parker to host primetime CNN show [CNN]
In other state news:
» Paterson's new plan seeks cap on property taxes [Newsday]
» New York State pension fund to sue BP over oil spill [The Post-Standard]
» Poll: 80% of New Yorkers say we’re moving in the wrong direction [Capitol Confidential]Answers Home
» Health & Wellness
» Spaying & Neutering
am I doing the right thing. i have booked my 9 month old collie in to get castrated. he has began to pee on my male lab
Asked by
Member 1136705
on Oct 20th 2012
Tagged
in Spaying & Neutering
Status
- Cast your vote for which answer you think is best!
Answers
There are different attitudes regarding when to get a dog neutered. If he is causing problems, then 9 months should be a good age to neuter him. Good Luck with him.
Koby
answered on 10/20/12.
Helpful?
/
0
I am in favor of neutering. It is really hard for a dog to behave well when he's having intense instincts and hormone surges that are outside of his control. Basically, his mind and body are telling him that reproducing is the most important thing in the world, and you are trying to compete with that. Almost every intact male dog we meet humps and acts aggressive toward other males, and harasses females. Last week I even had an intact male dog climb my leg and hump me so hard that he pulled my pants down. Also, the great majority of dog bites are from intact male dogs. If you let your dog complete puberty without being neutered, those kinds of behaviors are what you'll probably be dealing with. Most people who breed dogs don't take them to public parks or let them meet strange dogs, and they also spend tons of time teaching them good behaviors, and separate dogs who don't like each other. Most people don't want to live that way.
Smokey
answered on 10/21/12.
Helpful?
/
0
I am having a all porcelain bridge 6 unit bridge made for the upper front teeth replacing 3 missing teeth. This is to replace a porcelain fused to metal bridge which started to feel weird after wisdom tooth removal. The temp bridge feels tight around the gums on the back of my teeth and bulky. My dentist says the permanent bridge will fit perfectly but I'm scared the permanent will feel the same way. Should I have the dentist try and adjust the temp bridge or wait to see how the permanent feels?
Temporary Bridge Does Not Fit, Wait For Permanent?
Doctor Answers 8
Bridge
restore ,that permanent bridge immediately,temporaries, are just for a couple of days, only, filtration goes very fast, due to masticatory forces, and you could present decay very quickly ,due to there is no enamel, just dentin. its a very easy solution,and it will take us 3 days, to do it,
Web reference:
Have a question? Ask a doctor
Temporary Bridge Does not Feel Right
You do not know if the bridge does not fit right, all you know is that you are not comfortable in the temporary bridge. I would talk to your dentist and let him know your concerns. The permanent porcelain bridge will be smooth and glasslike and feel much different. I would not be concerned but just ask your dentist about your concerns.
Temporary Bridge
Hi...you should not have to spend two weeks in a temporary bridge that is uncomfortable. The adjustment takes no time at all. Call your dentist and ask for an adjustment on your temporary bridge. I am assured he would like you to be happy while waiting for the permanent one! You will be happy with the end result. It will fit beautifully !
You might also like...
Temporary Bridge
I am assuming that you will need to wear the temporary bridge for at least 2 weeks. The permanent bridge will fit much better. Unless there is pain or the bite is not right, wait for the permanent, otherwise have your dentist adjust the temporary
Temporary Feels Bulky
Temporaries often feel bulky due to the material itself and the process of them being made directly in the mouth. They can be adjusted quite easily though and it is often a quick adjustment. If the bulk of the temporary is bothering you then call the dentist back to have it smoothed and reduced slightly. This adjustment can be done with the temporary in place in your mouth.
The temp and the final restoration are two totally different entities so do not be worried about the final restorations fit as compared to the temporary. Good luck!
Temporary bridge
A temporary bridge its only that a temporary and it is no t made on the same quality or 100% accurate with the preparation. That its only for esthetic purpose until the finals are done at the dental lab. Once the finals are done, that are made with the teeth preparation that were done on yout teeth, it will fit perfectly.
Temporaries are KINDA like permanent restorations
One should judge a temporary on its own, and judge a permanent restoration by itself. Temporaries are often made directly in a mouth that starts out in a semi-liquid state and hardens. As it cures, it shrinks and can feel tight. Permanent restorations are made completely differently, so I would act as your dentist has. Wait for the final restoration and see how THAT feels.
It would be different if you didn't like the LOOK of the temporary. Often a template is made for the temporary and used for the final. It is good to make adjustments to the look, that way you can communicate it to the lab. But as far as feel, I would ignore it.
Web reference:
These answers are for educational purposes and should not be relied upon as a substitute for medical advice you may receive from your physician. If you have a medical emergency, please call 911. These answers do not constitute or initiate a patient/doctor relationship.Have a Question? We Are Here to Help!
Home / Promotional Products and Promotional Items / Calendars & More / Stick-up Calendars / Wrecker Stick Up Calendar
Wrecker Stick Up Calendar
View More Images
Cart Status
Price Details:
Product Description
- This calendar is perfect for advertising a business.
- This calendar has 8 different date-grid options to choose from
- Imprint located on the vinyl mount, on top of date-grid..England’s emergent spinner Moeen Ali has distanced himself from comparisons with Graeme Swann, but as the Three Lions’ summer fixtures draw closer, all the indications from the ECB suggest Ali could become his permanent replacement.
Swann walked away from international cricket part way through the winter Ashes, once England’s series defeat had already been sealed. That gave former head coach Andy Flower two Tests to experiment as Australia went on to win 5-0, but county form aside, they appear to be no closer to finding someone capable of eventually rivalling Swann’s calibre. Ali himself insists there is much work to be done if he is ever to reach the kind of accolades possessed by Swann.
The situation has not been helped by the fact that Flower and England have now parted company, and his replacement Peter Moores will be eager to make his own mark upon the team.
Since taking over for the second time, Moores seems to be making a conscious effort to appear aloof when talking about the England of old, from whom he was sacked in 2009 after his infamous fall out with Kevin Pietersen. That the former Lancashire coach is anxious for a new start may work against Monty Panesar’s chances of earning a more regular berth in the side, particularly having failed to impress Down Under, where he was replaced for the final Test in Sydney by debutant Scott Borthwick.
Panesar’s off-field antics are also sure to count against him. His previously squeaky-clean reputation has been tarnished somewhat by an incident during his time with Sussex on a night out, which culminated in the spinner urinating on a nightclub bouncer. A move to Essex was supposed to help Panesar’s disciplinary problems, but he then went on to receive a suspended ECB ban for kicking out during a match against Worcestershire last year.
The combination of the two incidents might leave Moores reluctant to rely on the former England favourite, but not least because he is tried and tested in international cricket, while Ali is less so. Worcestershire’s Ali has so far played in three ODIs and six T20s, and his fitness is also believed to be superior to Panesar’s, who England asked to do extra running in preparation for the last Ashes.
Simon Kerrigan is another alternative, but he made a difficult start to his England career, and will struggle to oust Ali because of the latter’s batting abilities. Replacing Swann, however, is a thankless task, and will probably not be one that is accomplished this summer. Moores’ problems in that department may continue long into his reign, particularly considering none of the top ten bowlers in the County Championship at present are spinners.
Unfortunately, Swann’s talents have allowed England to overlook their lack of top-class spinners for too long while they have relied on the former Notts- ST
- News
- Premium
- Lifestyle
- Tech
- Communities
- Video
- Multimedia
- More
Fighting rages near railway station in eastern Ukraine's Donetsk
Published on Jul 21, 2014 3:56 PM
DONETSK  witness saw two rebel tanks heading towards the railway station, driving against a steady flow of people running away.
Donetsk is at the heart of a rebel uprising against rule by Kiev and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has vowed to retake the city as part of what Kiev calls its "anti-terrorist operation" against the separatists.
.
Enjoy 2 weeks of unlimited digital access to The Straits Times. Get your free access now!Subprime Credit Crackdown Trims List Rentals
Under the new guidelines, which are expected to take effect this month, credit card lenders will be required to be more discriminating about extending credit to consumers who are already in debt. Therefore, some mailers are sure to narrow selection criteria for their direct mail solicitations. The rules also will require lenders to account for bad debt they forgive as well as increase capital reserves for uncollectable fees and finance charges.
The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, an umbrella organization that coordinates interagency policies for financial institutions, issued the regulations in July. The group consists of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., the National Credit Union Administration, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Office of Thrift Supervision.
The guidelines apply to any credit card lenders supervised by an agency in the group.
A comment period that was scheduled to end Aug. 9 was extended until Sept. 23 at the request of industry firms. A spokesman at the FDIC said the group hadn't received many comments and expected the guidance to be issued in final form shortly after the deadline.
Even so, it seems that some credit card lenders have begun cutting back.
"My general reaction to the regulation of the subprime market is that, of course, there will be an impact on the list industry," said Chris Paradysz, CEO of Paradysz Matera, New York. "We're already seeing major cutbacks in some instances as well as consolidation [of firms in the subprime industry]."
However, Paradysz said the changes in volume would come mostly from mailers that deal only in the subprime market and not those that have balanced portfolios of different kinds of markets. Paradysz's list brokerage firm works with major credit card company Capital One, which is a lender in the prime and subprime markets.
Another list professional whose company manages several lists of consumers with subprime credit called the regulations misguided.
"These are fine companies, and if they feel they can carry the bad debt and they're mailing to adults, go ahead," said Peter J. Carney, president/CEO of Carney Direct Marketing, Irvine, CA. "If people can't manage their finances, they shouldn't take the credit card."
What might be considered a bright spot in the new regulations is that they contain no specific limits to credit extension.
"Different institutions have different appetites for the credit risk they're willing to take," the FDIC spokesman said. "How much credit risk you take on should be supported by the capital you have."
So, even though some mailers have pulled back and others may follow, the overall damage to the list business will be concentrated.
"The lenders and credit card financial companies most affected are those that disproportionately do business in the subprime market," Paradysz said. "It is less of an issue for other businesses, and direct mail continues to be a very, very important channel."For this weekend’s Chamber South’s 41st Annual South Miami Art Festival poster, an artist who says her artwork represents Miami’s “generation Spanglish,” painted a clear blue sky and a deep sea as a background.
In her Just a Day in Paradise painting, the wind appears to make the leaves of a palm tree twirl and the sails of a boat curve, as an orange fish with a fiery tail spirals into a surrealist Caribbean “salsa” of flowers and musical instruments painted with acrylic. Artist Anaivis “Annie” Maxwell, a Cuban-American mother of four, uses her brushes to tell stories about the Cuban diaspora and South Florida’s tropical lifestyle.
Maxwell has been selling her work at the festival for about 15 years. South Miami police expects about 50,000 people will flood downtown for the event, as they shut down Sunset Boulevard for about 160 tents of sculptures, paintings, photography and fast food.
For the poster, she “painted a cigar, a trumpet and a guitar. The ‘cafecito’ is on a bongo,” Maxwell, 51, said. “The flowers are hibiscus and the bird of paradise. The fish means new opportunities or beginnings.”
She added: “So many people have arrived here looking for a new beginning.”
Maxwell was 10 years old when her family left their native Güines, Cuba, a municipality southeast of Havana, for Miami as Freedom Flight political refugees. Her father was a former member of Fulgencio Batista’s military and her mother was a housewife. He found work as a carpenter, she became a seamstress.
Maxwell grew up watching her father Pablo Rodriguez and grandfather Domingo Milian trying to cure their nostalgia with cigars and cafecitos. She graduated from Miami Dade College and West Miami School of Art, and now lives in Westchester.
“Her work is colorful and positive,” said former South Miami mayor Mary Scott Russell, who was a member of the panel that selected Maxwell’s work.
“Every one at the table related to it,” she said
There are romantic scenes in some of her paintings. In the one called A Place To Remember, the air has the scent of hot cafecitos, tobacco and the sound of the Spanish guitar. Domingo is wearing his white guayabera and straw Panama hat. He is embracing Rosa, who is wearing a ruby-red dress, as they stare at a home from a far.
“I love telling stories and historical romances and the days of the chaperone, the kissing the hand,” Maxwell said.
Her husband is from Georgia and "he loves his cigar,” Maxwell said. She has four children: Lyann Corcornan, 31, Eileen Erwin, 28, Valerie Rubert, 24, and Kevin Rubert, 20. Family is also an inspiration in her work.
On Oct. 7, the day Maxwell got the news that her work had been chosen to represent the annual event, Corcornan gave birth to Maxwell’s first granddaughter, Eleanor.
Erwin, who lives in Iwakuni, Japan with her husband, a naval aerospace physiologist, told her mother she was proud.
“She lives in a military base. They are homesick so they said they want posters to remind them of home,” Maxwell said. “I will be sending some to them and their Miami friends in the base. They are looking forward to it.”
Maxwell said she also finds inspiration in Thomas Kinkade’s “colorful fantasies” and Norman Percevel Rockwell’s illustrations.
She began selling her work in Calle Ocho Viernes Culturales in Little Havana for the first time about 20 years ago. Her work has been exhibited at Vizcaya Museum and Gardens, Miami-Dade International Airport, Fairchild Tropical Gardens, Art Expo at the Coconut Grove Convention Center, and she was a Carnaval Miami Committee Member for the artists’ village.
“My first time in Calle Ocho, I took like 10 pieces and I came home with none. I used to sell an 8 by 10 for $40. Now the same one is worth about $300,” Maxwell said. “Some paintings are worth thousands, but I also sell framed reproductions for $400 to $800 depending on the size. It is the best feeling to know that people value your work and will be taking it home and smile when they see it.”For Bob’s 1st birthday party I made a buffet. I found this very tricky as I was so busy running around at the party that it was hard to concentrate on the food. I ended up leaving half of the buffet inside so we had to have two courses.
This year we decided to keep things simple. My husband loves to BBQ and this would take the pressure off me so we decided to have hot dogs which seemed to fit well with the clown theme.
I made clown cupcakes and smarties cookies and filled up little spotty ice cream tubs with sweets.
I put salted, sweet and toffee popcorn into large bowls and I bought some little popcorn boxes for people to help themselves. I also had a selection of crisps in case people still wanted something savoury after their hotdogs.
The rule at our parties is ‘Help Yourselves’. I would hate to think that my guests were sat there wanting a drink and I hadn’t noticed. When people arrive I tell them to help themselves. I hope that this makes people feel welcome and doesn’t make them think that I am a rubbish hostess! Our parties always seem to have a relaxed atmosphere so hopefully this is the case.
I made a clown birthday cake for Bob and I am planning a ‘how to’ blog post when I finally get around to it.
Thank you Emily for more of your fabulous photos! You are a star! x
Beautiful photos and a fantastic cake. Happy birthday.
Such an amazing cake! Puts mine quite to shame. I think a help yourself policy is best too, I always forget about things otherwise!
This looks like such a fab party! x
Ooo, I’m an easy going ‘help yourself’ hostess too. BBQ and treats sound like the perfect combination. Looking forward to reading more about the cake x
[…] Bob’s 2nd Birthday Party – Food & Drink […]
aww that is such a cool birthday. I love it! The cake is fab! Glad you had a lovely day xxx
[…] view more party photos click the links below. Bob’s 2nd Birthday Party – Parachute Bob’s 2nd Birthday Party – Food & Drink Bob’s 2nd Birthday Party – The Birthday […]
[…] 2nd Birthday Party – Parachute Bob’s 2nd Birthday Party – Food & Drink Bob’s 2nd Birthday Party – The Birthday Girl Bob’s 2nd Birthday Party – […]smoked salmon, tomatoes, green onions, and dilled sour cream.9.00
diced ham, red onions, bell peppers and cheddar cheese.8.00
with cheddar, swiss or pepper jack7.50
bacon, fresh spinach, tomatoes, garlic and cheddar cheese.8.00
sundried tomatoes, fresh spinach, garlic and cheddar.7.75
scrambled eggs or tofu with bacon, fresh baked turkey, fresh spinach, tomatoes, garlic and cheddar cheese.9.25
scrambled eggs or tofu with tomatoes, fresh spinach, red onions, garlic feta and greek olives.8.50
scrambled eggs or tofu with tomatoes, fresh spinach, green onions, garlic, feta and .8.00
scrambled eggs or tofu with fresh veggies in a spicy curry sauce.8.00
scrambled eggs or tofu with broccoli, mushrooms, red onion, cheddar, topped with homemade salsa.7.75
bob's red mill rolled oats with brown sugar, cinnamon, and cranberries. served untill 10:30 am.4.50
2 mini croissants served french toast style, topped with butter and powdered sugar, served with real maple syrup.5.50
pagnatta bread topped with butter, and powdered sugar.1 Cake: 2.75
topped with butter.1 Cake: 2.25
oatmeal raisin, lemon poppy seep.
mixed greens, tomato, red onion, cucumber.6.00:
mixed greens, turkey, ham, red onion, cucumbers, tomato, swiss, cheddar, & egg wedges.9.00
mixed greens, turkey, apples, cranberries, tomato, cucumbers, red onion, & blue cheese.9.00
mixed greens, kalamata olives, red onion, tomato, cucumber, & feta.8.50
turkey breast, tomato, lettuce, onion, mayo, and cranberry sauce on the side.8.00
bacon, spinach, tomato, and mayo.7.00
swiss & cheddar, sauteed spinach, mushrooms, onion, tomato & mayo.8.00
grilled turkey, bacon, cheddar, avocado, tomato, & 1000 island.8.25
spinach, tomato, red onion, cucumber, and cream cheese.8.50
lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle, and mayonnaise.7.00
bacon, blue cheese, and grilled onions.9.00
sauteed mushrooms, grilled onions, swiss cheese8.75
lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle, and mayonnaise.7.00
lettuce, tomato, red onion, pickle, and mayonnaise7.00
pork, turkey, veggie..
Rated 3 / 5 stars
I have followed this series since ep 1; While I love this series, I noticed some differences between this episode and it's predecessors; for one, the artwork is not as visually stunning. The previous episodes gave you wanting more, yet a decent conclusion of they were not to continue (I thought 3 would have been the last ep). This episode literally took me less than 20 minutes. The puzzles were not challenging, and this episode was very short. I feel this was a rushed conclusion to the series, and it didn't give any significant answers to closure. You end the game (spoiler alert) with a password document and a photograph of MI6 and an envelope. Why? Why the picture? Didn't make sense. While I love this series, this game was my least favorite. I rated it a 3 because of it being the concluding game in the series - if it was just a random episode, the lack of replay value, the shortness of the game and the easy puzzles would get a rating of 1.5 (for effort) IMO.
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
I also found that you can type "lamp" in the typewriter room.
Rated 4 / 5 stars
nice ending to the game
also, painting is another easter eggHome -> Community -> Mailing Lists -> Oracle-L -> RE: My career path and Oracle?
But where would we be without Dr. Ed Codd? We owe our DBA careers to the fact that modern databases are built upon the sound foundation of relational theory!!!!!!!!!!!
With great appreciation for academia, especially for the late E. F. Codd,
Steve Orr
Bozeman, Montana
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Wednesday, May 07, 2003 6:16 AM
To: Multiple recipients of list ORACLE-L
I am not convinced that having a Ph.D. helps one's career, outside of the academic realm of course.
Patrice.
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Tuesday, May 06, 2003 5:08 PM
To: Multiple recipients of list ORACLE-L
Is PHB - Bachelor of Philosophy or Pointy Headed Boss (Dilbert)?
Ken Janusz, CPIM
> In 10 years I'll become a PHB. There is an infinite demand for that.....
>
> Mladen Gogala
> Oracle DBA
> Phone:(203) 459-6855
--:54 CDT
Original text of this message100% Official Merchandise
- My Account
- Delivery
- Shirt Printing
- Customer Services
- Track Order
English / GBP / United KingdomChange?
2014-2015 Juventus Nike Home Shorts (White)£24.99
Sale: £22.49
2014-2015 Juventus Away Nike Football Shorts (Kids)£22.00
Sale: £19.80
2010-11 Juventus Home Nike Football Shorts (Kids)£19.99
Sale: £17.99
2011-12 Juventus Away Nike Football Shorts (Kids)£24.99
Sale: £22.49
2011-12 Juventus Away Nike Football Shorts£24.99
Sale: £22.49
2011-12 Juventus Home Nike Football Shorts£24.99
Sale: £22.49
2014-2015 Juventus Home Nike Football Shirt£64.99
2014-2015 Napoli Replica Home Football Shirt£32.00 £22.00
2014-2015 Palermo Joma Home Football Shirt£54.99 £29.99
2014-2015 Napoli Replica Away Football Shirt£32.00 £22.00
2014-2015 Inter Milan Home Nike Little Boys Mini Kit£44.99 £29.99
2014-2015 Fiorentina Joma Home Football Shirt£54.99 £34.99
2014-2015 Juventus Away Nike Football Shirt£64.99
2014-2015 Juventus Home Nike Little Boys Mini Kit£44.99
Sale: £40.49
2014-2015 Inter Milan Nike Third Shorts (Blue)£24.99 £18.00
2014-15 Juventus Home Shirt (Pogba 6)£75.00
Sale: £67.50
2014-2015 Inter Milan Nike Third Socks (Blue)£11.99
Sale: £10.79
2014-2015 Inter Milan Third Nike Football Shirt£64.99 £44.99
2014-15 AC Milan Adidas Home Football Socks£11.99
Sale: £10.79
2014-2015 Napoli Replica Home Football Shirt (Kids)£28.00 £18.00
2011-12 AC Milan Adidas Home Football Shirt (Kids)£39.99 £15.00
2014-2015 AS Roma Home Nike Supporters Tee£45.00 £29.99
2014-2015 Napoli Replica Third Football Shirt£32.00 £20.00
2014-15 AC Milan Adidas Presentation Tracksuit (White)£85.00 £60.00
2014-2015 AS Roma Home Nike Little Boys Mini Kit£44.99 £34.99
2014-2015 Napoli Authentic Home Match Shirt£65.00 £45.00 Shorts  football shirts
- See all Juventus Home Shirts
- See all Shorts
- See all Kids Juventus Shirts
£19.99 £12.
-
Juventus home (Del Piero 10) 04/05£49.99
Sale: £44.99
Juventus home (Ibrahimovic 9) 05/06£49.99 £29.99
Juventus 70's Retro Shirt£34.99
Sale: £31.49
- £39.99
Sale: £35.99
Juventus L/S Training Crew - white 05/06£34.99 £24.99
Juventus away shorts 05/06£19.99
Sale: £17.99
Juventus home (R.Baggio 10) 05/06£49.99
Sale: £44.99
Juventus away (Del Piero 10) 05/06£49.99
Sale: £44.99
Juventus away (Nedved 11) 05/06£49.99
Sale: £44.99
- £44.99 £24.99
Juventus 3rd (Nedved 11) 05/06£54.99
Sale: £49.49
06-07 Juventus away socks£11.99
Sale: £10.79
06-07 Juventus away shorts - Kids£19.99 £9.99
06-07 Juventus Dri-Fit training (black)£27.99 £16.99
06-07 Juventus home shorts - Kids£19.99
Sale: £17.99
06-07 Juventus home shorts£19.99
Sale: £17.99
- £39.99 £26.99
06-07 Juventus GK home (Buffon 1)£54.99 £34.99
Questions and answers about this product
Catalogue Number: 543-3032
- Includes collectors card with special online code
- With opening door and windows, fuelometer feature & fun trampoline game
-
Buy on Tesco Direct from:
£7.50
Save £1.75
£5.75
Earn 5 Clubcard points
1 more buying option(s) from:
1 more buying option(s) available.
Product Details
The.Hello.
At the moment, I have 2 CM Megaflow fans, one at the front (intake) and one on the top (exhaust) as well as a CM sickleflow on the rear as exhaust.
The Megaflow seems to move a lot of air... but feels about as strong as a mouse farting through the front of my case. yet my sickleflow ont he back feels like its blowing a gale! And yes I know about the megaflow being a larger surface area etc etc. However, my question is:
Think is would make much difference to plant 2 sickleflows (or similar RPM/CFM) on the front and top?
Just to add, I have no issues with CPU/GPU temps.Apartment ocean front, about 15 minutes from airport and a short distance to the most popular places like Senor Frog's, Daddy'O's, Rainforest, Wal-Mart, Coco Bongo, La Isla shopping mall, and more. You can get to all these places using public transportation which run 24 hrs. a day and cost less than $1.usd. Our apartment offers a/c, 2 TV sets, full kitchen, jacuzzi, washer and dryer, purified cold bottle of water, free high speed internet ,2 exterior swimming pools, gym, tour desk, Mexican fiestas, tennis court, massage parlor, and much more.
there are no added taxes: a deposit of 25% is requested to hold reservation, this payment can be done trough western union or money gram, visa , MasterCard and paypal payments service , this payment won't be refunded if you cancel. No credit will be given for shortened stays or early departure. The balance of the rental is due 2 weeks prior to check -in.
The apartment is located at the Ave Kukulcan klm 19.5 at Cancun hotel zone, a short distance to bars, night club and restaurants, also while staying in Cancun you should visit the different places of interest like, zcaret, tulum, chicen-itza and other archaeological sites as well. Underground rivers, horse back riding, and tropical forest are among all those places you can also visit. All those places are about 2 hrs or less [driving]. Cancun is full of activities for adults and children, plenty of aquatic activities, you could stay a year and experience a different place every day.
My husband & I had a wonderful time in Cancun & this condo was perfect for us. The bed, sofa & chairs were so comfortable & there were plenty of towels & extras. The owners checked in with us several times to make sure all was well and the hotel staff was always available. Having a kitchen saved us a lot of money not eating out all the time. We would definitely come back again for another visit.
They place is awesome only Place with two ac units and also good service. The busses literally run all night they are fairly quick and the beach view is gorgeous awsome stay all and all.
The Condo had most of the basic necessities, the kitchen was great to have as well as bottled water being provided. A run to wallmart on the bus will get you all stocked up. Would haver been nice to have a coffee pot or french press. convenient having the Washer/dryer. The washer worked great but the dryer didn't work at all so we had to hang our clothes all over the condo. A wonderful Jacuzzi tub and shower, lots of water pressure and hot water. The resort it is nice but way at the end of hotel strip where there are no restaurants or shops, but a short bus ride gets you to the main area. Unfortunately because this is a private Condo the resort staff treats you like a step child, they weren't very friendly or helpful at the front desk. For the same price you can find a nicer place closer to main area. It also just so happened the resort was doing a lot of roofing repair out in front of our unit so we got to listen to hammering echoing through the condo all day. Be sure to buy the insurance so you can go elsewhere if needed, it would have been worth the $39 to get away from the hammering.
We returned to this property for a second, month long vacation. The condo continues to be well maintained with new air conditioner, new drapes and wifi. Jose and Olga are a pleasure to deal with and are honest and most accomodating. We didn't have to ask for anything nor did we have any problems when we were there. They did call us to ensure everything was o.k. Angela (the property manager) picked us up at the airport and took us for groceries at Walmart. This was welcome as we were staying for a month, so used this as an opportunity to stock up on groceries. We took the bus for groceries after that and enjoy the trip downtown. Taxis are available (cheap compared to taxi rides at home) at Walmart if we bought too many groceries to carry back on the bus, but we don't have a problem taking the bus back to the condo. Angela keeps the condo very clean. The fresh bedding on the big comfortable bed every week is wonderful. As others have commented. this condo is well stocked with cooking utensils, towels (including beach towels) and bedding. We always had fresh bottled water in our apartment. We call this condo our home in Cancun, as this is just the way we feel when we are there. This is the first time we have returned to a vacation property as we enjoy new adventures. However, this condo, the beach and the ocean drew us back. We enjoy the large windows over looking the ocean and how bright and clean the condo is. We will certainly consider this property again and we recommend it every chance we get.
The description of the room was very accurate, it was a bit older than we thought, when we walked into the room, but all in all, it was a good vacation resort.
The only thing is, when you rent a Condo at that resort, there is no place too eat :) You have to buy the All inclusive membership to eat there, but we felt it was too expensive. We had a full kitchen, so we thought we would just cook our meals there... but we had to travel so far to get food, and bring it all back on the bus... that was quite hard, riding for a half hr to 45 min, just to get food, and bringing all the bags of food back on the bus... it was difficult. There was a place to eat accross the hwy, but it was only seafood, and my husband is not a seafood eater, so we usually had to ride the bus for 20min just to eat out...
The room was nice with lot's of fake plants, the smell of mold was to an extreme, but I guess that is part of being in an older resort, right on the ocean!
I loved the front windows and that we could see all of the beach and the ocean front view, it was breathtaking. What would have been even nicer though, is to have a deck that you could actually sit out on and relax with that view!!!
The owners were awesome people, and I could reach them very easily with any problem we encountered. We had a persistent leak in the bathroom, coming from the ceiling and dripping on us right at the sink, so that was quite annoying, but the owners had the maintenance guy in a couple times to fix it, I hope he got it fixed...
The bed was huge, loved it, very comfortable, we slept like babies! We have 2 young girls and they slept out on the sofa pullout bed, they loved it too, although they had to make up their bed everyday...
There were smokers somewhere on our floor, we are all non smokers, so it was hard to be in the room and inhaling all of someones second hand smoke... We tried to be out on the beach as much as possible, but you could even smell it during the night, it would wake me up gagging & gasping for air. I was kind of glad to be going home after inhaling so much smoke, to a clean home :)
I don't think I would recommend this property to anyone, except a young couple with no children, who smoke!
My girls had their hair braided just a few days after arriving right out front of the resort, they loved it and wore their braids during the whole vacation.
We spent 3 weeks there, did some great sightseeing & seen very entertaining shows & really had a fantastic Vacation.
We had a great experience renting this lovely condo. This condo is exactly as advertised. The owners phoned us during our stay to ensure we were satisfied and that we had everything we needed. The owners also arranged for us to be met at the airport and accompanied to the resort. We found the condo to be very clean and well equipped and there was a lovely bowl of fresh fruit waiting for us. Towels and bedding are top quality and in abundant supply. The large king sized bed is very comfortable. There is a very good "quiet" air conditioner in the bedroom. We only needed to use the air conditioner during the night. There is always a lovely breeze blowing off the ocean. There is a good supply of dishes, glasses, cookware and cutlery. There is also a supply of salt and sugar. There was enough coffee to get us by until we could get our groceries. We were provided with at least 3 jugs of water at all times, at no additional charge. This condo is right on the beach and the large living room windows provide a wonderful view of the ocean, and the many cruise ships that pass in the evening and the activities on the beach. Each morning before 8:00 a.m. we claimed lounge chairs on the beach by just laying our beach towels (supplied) on the chairs. There are some beach umbrella's available. The resort is also maintained very well and the resort staff is most helpful. The bus is very handy, stopping right in front of the resort. We paid 75cents each to take the bus on the 40 minutes bus ride to downtown Cancun. Walmart Super Centre in downtown Cancun has a wonderful bakery, seafood counter and deli in addition to all of the other groceries you might need. We found prices to be very reasonable. We don't speak Spanish, but found every one to be very pleasant and most helpful. We travelled on the ADO bus to Puerto Morelos for a day at the cost of 38.00 peso return per person. Another day we travelled to Play del Carmen at the cost of 76.00 peso return per person. We swam in the ocean right in front of the condo. However, at times the waves were very strong. We could walk down the beach about 15 minutes and swim in a part of the ocean that is protected by a peninusula. The water was very calm. The beach is beautiful. One can walk for miles up the beach. We certainly highly recommend this property. The owners are most honest and reasonable.
Apartment is right on the beach, about 15 minutes from airport at Cancun hotel zone, and a short distance to the most popular places like the Hard Rock Cafe, Rainforest, Senor Frog, Coco Bongo, Wal-mart, La Isla shopping mall, and much more. You can get to all those places using public transportation which runs 24 hrs. a day and cost less than $1.00 usd. Our apartment offers a/c 2 TV, queen sofa bed, washer and dryer, jacuzzi ,full kitchen and high speed internet in the apartment.
Payment is usually accepted in the quoted currency (USD) unless the currency and the amount is specifically agreed in advance with the owner / advertiser.Thank this author by sharing:
By Steve Jones,
2008/07/10
An announcement was released yesterday on eWeek from the Microsoft Worldwide Partner Conference that said SQL Server 2008 will come in August. This means that the RTM must be very close since we're almost halfway through July now. There is also a blog entry from the Database Platform Insider.
While there still could be a delay or two, it appears the SQL Server team will make their goal of shipping a new version within 3 years with plenty of time to spare. Please join me in congratulating them in meeting this goal.
I've recommended for some time that you should really consider SQL Server 2008 if you are looking to upgrade older servers, and now that it's ready to be released, I continue to urge you to consider it over SQL Server 2005. This is my opinion, but from what I've seen, the changes from SQL Server 2005 to SQL Server 2008 are all additions to the product without much change in functionality. This means that any testing you've done on SQL Server 2005 should be valid for 2008 as well.
And think about all the great new features in SQL Server 2008 that you might consider. Some of the ones I think will have a great impact are:
I'm not sure about other features like TDE ( I foresee lots of lost keys), Sparse columns, Spatial, etc., but the great thing is that you don't have to use them if you don't need them.
Now that things are very close, look for more SQL Server 2008 content moving forward.
A week ago, we solicited readers to let Microsoft know which of the SQL Server 2005 announced featur...
Tobias Ternstrom from Microsoft gave a great talk at Tech Ed regarding upcoming features of SQL Serv...
SQL Server 2014 Deprecated Features – Database Engine
Everyone looks at the new features when try...
SQL Server Features Implemented
A great developer is worth more than an average one, but how much more? Steve Jones has a fewPEJ News Coverage Index: August 9-15, 2010. The 2010 Midterms Rise; The Gulf Spill Sinks.
Read the full report, The 2010 Midterms Rise; The Gulf Spill Sinks on the Pew Research Center's Project for Excellence in Journalism Web site.in reply to
Re^2: Finding repeat sequences.
in thread Finding repeat sequences.
I think that the pseudo-coded solution is the strongest one, if it is made to stop after finding the longest possible substring (then last), and if it is allowed to find all possible (reasonably-long) tails, once again starting with the longest one. (These would be what a human being would probably consider to be the best “right answers.”)
With very-short tails, as written it might produce wrong answers if it considers only the first two occurrences (consider string 'aaba' if the tail were merely 'a' .. incorrect). But the essential idea, I think, is still valid.
One reason why I wrote it this way was in an effort to avoid “churning” memory when dealing with exceptionally-long strings. You don’t need to consider any string that isn’t a tail, nor, within the head, any repeated-string candidate that won’t fit. That subdivides the problem into two searches, both of which have only a few possibilities each. It might not yet be bug-free, but it ought to beL; a census in 1854 made the figure 42,000, but it is known to have greatly decreased since. Britannica noted that within Lhasa, there were about a total of 1,500 resident Tibetan laymen and about 5,500 Tibetan women.. Lhasa is home to the Tibetan, Han, and Hui peoples, as well as many other ethnic groups, but the Tibetan ethnic group makes up 87% of the total population.
Located at the bottom of a small basin surrounded by mountains, Lhasa has an elevation of 3,650 metres (12,000 ft) and lies in the centre of the Tibetan Plateau. The mountains around it rise to 5,500 metres (18,000 ft). The Kyi River (or Kyi Chu), freezing—the highest plateau railway in the world—in July 2006 has brought with it an increasing demand for property which has pushed prices up.
Five trains arrive at and depart from Lhasa railway station each day. Train numbered T27 takes 47 hours, 28 minutes from Beijing West, arrives in Lhasa at 20:58 every day. The ticket costs 389 yuan for 'hard seat', or 813 yuan for a lower 'hard sleeper', 1262 yuan for a lower 'soft sleeper'. T28 from Lhasa to Beijing West departs at 08:00 and arrives in Beijing at 08:00 on the third day, taking 48 hours. There are also trains from Chengdu, Chongqing, Lanzhou,.This site makes extensive use of JavaScript.
Please
enable JavaScript
in your browser.
PTR
Live
[A - Elune - US] <Antithesis> 6/6, 2/6 Recruiting LF 1 DPS and 1 Healer
Post Reply
Return to board index
Post by
Broodsei
<Antithesis>10M, 6/6MV 4/6 HoF, 1/4 ToES LF 3 DPS, 1 Healer w DPS OS
Are you progression oriented? A team player? Antithesis is looking to add a few exceptional players to our raid rosters. To prepare for 5.2, Antithesis as immediate openings for committed, consistent raiders ready to work with us as we prepare to make a serious push towards The Thunder King.
Raid Days:
Wednesday: 7:30PM EST - 11:00PM EST
Sunday: 12:00PM EST - 4:00PM EST
Recruitment is open to the following classes/specs:
Healer with a strong DPS OS (1 opening)
• Priest (Disc Prefered, but Holy is open as well)
• Monk (Mistweaver – Fist or Caster is fine)
DPS (2 melee, 1 caster)
• DK
• Monk
• Warlock (Affliction, Demonology)
We are always looking for exceptional players outside of these specs however. So feel free to apply even if your specific class/role is not listed above. dps department. It's an awesome chance to strut your stuff with a great guild. Save us from pugging! Antithesis is also very active outside of raiding, with 5 mans, scenarios, achievement runs, and some PvP thrown in for good measure.
Most members in Antithesis are working professionals, or “older” gamers. As such, we understand that sometimes real life happens. While we're committed to pursuing faster progression, we also are more than understanding when, “the kid is sick and I can’t make it” or, “I’ve got a big proposal due Friday so I need to stay late at work”. WoW is not our job, it is our relaxation from our jobs.
What are we looking for?
Antithesis (8/8H DS, currently 6/6 MV 4/6HoF, 1/4ToES) isn't looking for just big numbers, but also good people that fit in with the loyal, tight-knit, awesome groups that currently make up our raid rosters. We take raiding seriously, but ourselves...not so much -- meaning that we have a lot of fun doing what we're doing, but we expect that our raiders be competent, committed, and consistent, with a desire to continually improve.
We are asking that you work towards making 90%+ attendance, but as stated above, we understand when real life happens. Please be active and inform us as early as possible so we can work a sub in.
We are also looking for somebody who is not a gear project at this time. We would like somebody is ready to step into 5.2 raiding as soon as possible. Obviously we will help gear you where you need it, but please be prepared to do your part to help where possible as well.
Invest in us and we invest in you. Antithesis supplies all consumables (2 flasks provided by the guild each raid day with raiders supplying the other 2, feasts). We will also supply gems, enchants and repairs for raiding members.
Apply
If you're interested, we invite you to apply through our website. We will review your application and get in touch immediately. If you would like to chat with an officer before you apply, the officer contact information is below.
Need some questions answered before you apply? We'd be happy to discuss the guild, its raiding expectations, and anything else you may have questions about in more detail. Please send an in-game mail, whisper, or website PM. The people you may contact by any method are:
Broodsei – Recruitment officer (Battle ID: Brudarik#1984)
Qinnyan – GM
Kalkii – Team Kalkii Raid Leader
Tallor – Bank Officer
Nelmar – Team Jeff Raid Leader
Post by
Broodsei
You should consider joining us. We provide punch and pie, and everybody loves punch and pie! If you prefer cake, we can make arrangements to find some cake for you though.
Post by
Broodsei
Good news everybody! We are in desperate need of 2 dps now. Updated the first post for ya'll. Due to some RL stuff we are short a few critical raid spots, and have immediate openings now for 2 dps (DK, lock preferred, but open to most), and 1 kicking sweet healer.
Post by
Broodsei
Using some of our connections we are putting together a ToES raid group and are 1/4 after one night of raiding with Tsulong sub 15 percent. We are still looking for people to fill our group above as well as join us in Saturday night ToES!
Post by
Broodsei
Update for all those who want to raid in a new home come 5.2!
We are now 4/6 HoF and 1/4 in ToES.
We are still actively recruiting the following:
1 healer - priest is our preference (disc would be ideal)
1 caster dps - please oh please be a lock!
1/2 melee dps - we would love a monk and DK
Please look for the officers listed in game or send us a message!
Post by
DodgyAtBest
With 5.2 now in play, we're more eager than ever to get these spots filled. All are still open and are a guaranteed raid spot for competent folks! Contact our recruitment officer Broodsei (Battle ID: Brudarik#1984) or Kalkii, the raid leader desperate for recruits (Battle ID: Dodgy#1284).
We will be starting in ToT immediately.
Post Reply
You are not logged in. Please
to post a reply or
if you don't already have an account.
© 2014 ZAM Network LLCCLEARWATER — From a modest Fort Myers apartment with bare concrete floors, an obsessed whistle-blower named David Sherwin is waging a one-man crusade against his former employer, Office Depot.
He's relentlessly faxing and e-mailing government officials, accusing the Fortune 500 company of ripping off taxpayers by stealthily overbilling local governments for office supplies.
Office Depot says this is all nonsense, and that Sherwin is nothing but a disgruntled ex-employee who got canned for workplace misconduct. Sherwin himself admits that he was fired after he drunkenly sent an e-mail to the company's chief executive saying, "I would like to kick your corrupt ass out of Florida."
But the thing is, more governments are starting to listen to him.
The Florida Attorney General's Office has been investigating Office Depot for a year and a half. Other states are, too. Government agencies in Fort Myers and Naples were refunded more than $130,000 after confronting the company. California got $2.5 million.
In the latest development, Clearwater is now demanding a $166,000 refund. It's the first government in the Tampa Bay area to take action against Office Depot, which sells a lot of pens, paper and printer cartridges to cities, counties and schools in this region.
"We reviewed the purchases we made from them and determined that we've been overcharged due to different pricing schemes," said Clearwater's auditor, Robin Gomez.
Clearwater's audit of its Office Depot purchases has not yet been made public. But the company is firing back, saying the audit is "replete with inaccurate, misinformed and inappropriate statements that are misleading to the public and very damaging to Office Depot's business."
Clearwater says it's willing to sue if necessary.
Might other local cities follow in its footsteps?
"The key is how many other governments have done an audit," said Clearwater City Manager Bill Horne.
Allegations of fraud
Sherwin, who used to be Office Depot's manager of government accounts for Southwest Florida, accuses the company of using bait-and-switch tactics in government purchasing contracts.
Thousands of government agencies across the country buy supplies from Office Depot through an agreement known as the U.S. Communities plan, in which they're guaranteed to pay the company's lowest prices.
In 2006, the company introduced a second pricing option to this contract. Sherwin got his clients to switch to it.
But he says he eventually became convinced that his own company was duping governments, charging them steeper prices and hiding it with a complicated array of pricing plans, jargon and accounting tricks.
It bothered him, he says, because he spent years as an auditor and fraud investigator for the Air Force and Florida. The way he tells it, his inner conflict led to a downward spiral of drinking, insomnia and loathing for his employer, until he finally sent the caustic e-mail that got him fired last year.
"Now I do this full time," he said of his whistle-blowing efforts. "I've contacted over 2,000 agencies across the country."
'Defamatory claims'
Office Depot says Sherwin has made "a host of inaccurate and defamatory claims" against it. It believes that his efforts are being funded by its competitors.
The Boca Raton company denies that its pricing practices are fraudulent in any way. It says the second option of its U.S. Communities purchasing plan was created based on governments' requests for a simpler way to check prices online.
On the "investor relations" page of its corporate Web site, it has posted a lengthy Q&A beginning with the question, Who is David Sherwin?
The rest of the Q&A tackles allegations that have been raised in several states. Office Depot matter-of-factly acknowledges that it's being investigated by Florida, California, Colorado, Missouri, Ohio and Texas, as well as three federal agencies — the departments of Defense and Education and the General Services Administration.
In several cases, the company has returned money to governments, but it says these payments aren't refunds.
"Whenever an issue arises with a customer, Office Depot's primary goal is to satisfy the customer," said company spokesman Jason Shockley. "In some cases, that means that Office Depot has extended credits, not because they were required either by law or contract, but rather as a gesture of goodwill."
That means little to officials like Chuck Short, audit director for the Lee County clerk of court in Fort Myers. Since he found that Lee County had been overcharged $58,000, Office Depot has been paying it back.
"They say it's not a refund," Short said. "Whatever they want to call it, I don't care as long as we get the money back."
The school districts in Fort Myers and Naples have launched investigations.
In the Tampa Bay area, the Pinellas and Hillsborough school districts say they've looked into this, but they don't believe they've been defrauded by Office Depot. The same goes for Hillsborough County's government.
Sherwin claims they're not looking hard enough.
"It's difficult to take the volume of purchases that we're talking about and go through it invoice by invoice," said Short, the Lee County official who has launched a second audit and expects to find more overcharges.
"It takes time. It's a mind-boggling situation. But that's why you have auditors."
Mike Brassfield can be reached at brassfield@sptimes.com or (727) 445-4160. 16, 2002
Updated Post: Corner Captain Comments On Himmelsbach And Yates Incidents At-mail:<BR><BR>I was the corner captain on turn 15 on Friday. I live in Pennsylvania about 30 miles from Bill (Himmelsbach) and knew it was he on the track. I could not believe how long it took for medical to show up after I called for them for Bill's incident. I called almost immediately. The crash started before my station and he slid down the hill coming to a stop almost in front of my flag station, about 10 yards off the track. My runner was with Bill in seconds, turned to me, requested an ambulance and proceeded to attend to Bill to the extent that we are allowed. He left Bill only to turn off his bike, which was still running.<BR><BR>I could see an ambulance outside the fence at turn 16, which was not moving. (No lights, nothing). I questioned control as to the status of medical and why the ambulance in 16 was not responding. I should have requested the practice be stopped but thought I'd provided control with enough information to make that decision.<BR><BR>The practice was stopped after an inexcusable length of time. The end result was that the medics from 16 after a short drive in the infield walked to the incident. After they had arrived an ambulance showed up on the infield side of the fence.<BR><BR>I was the corner captain on turn 4 on Sunday. I hand-signaled the flagger (who had the radio – I had a scanner) to call control to stop the race as soon as I saw the bike on the racing surface. He did so. The flagger could not see Roberts' bike or Yates on the track because of the triangles that were in the grass. The fire started while I was requesting the stoppage. From the direction I was running I never saw Yates on the track but I was watching traffic, which was getting heavy, so as not to become part of the incident and the flagger to make sure the red flag came out. I was also concerned that Roberts seemed to be wandering around the bike and may have had his bell rung as he was not paying much attention to the traffic. The red flag was out when I got to the bike and Roberts and Yates were off the track. There were fire bottles coming from turn 5, as they were closer to the incident than we were in turn 4. There were only three of us in turn 4. If I had one or two more people I'd have placed them at the end of the Air Fence approximately at the location of the incident. We do the best we can with what we are given.<BR><BR>The flagger is an experienced cornerworker (including com) and racer. He had a leg injury and was not in the best condition to run and pick up riders and bikes. Considering the elapsed time from the start of the incident to the red flag being shown with the "stop the race" communication to control things happened reasonably well. (Approximately 20 seconds) The red flag was coming out before Yates laid on the track. No one else got involved in the incident. When I'm assigned as a captain, I use the people assigned to me at jobs they are best qualified to perform in the interest of race safety. I did this in turn 4 on Sunday.<BR><BR>Jim Simpson<BR>aka "Homer"<BR>PA Posse and others<BR>Reading, PA<BR><BR><BR><BR>More, via e-mail from a racer:<BR><BR>I wholeheartedly agree with Sean Jordan's sentiments that cornerworkers are the unsung heroes of road racing. Unfortunately, his comments did little to show any competency on the part of the AMA with respect to its cornerworkers. In fact, many of Sean's comments actually supported my case. <BR><BR>I'm glad he clocked the response time for cornerworkers to get to Nicky's bike. Nearly two minutes! In that time, one of Nicky's teammates could have ridden back to the pits, picked up a fire extinguisher and been back around to put out Nicky's bike! After all, a lap only takes a 1:26 or so, right? Add in some extra time for the weight of the extinguisher and there you go! Can you actually imagine seeing a World Superbike rider or Grand Prix rider being left unattended following a crash for two minutes? It's unheard of and completely unacceptable. <BR><BR>The AMA should have had cornerworkers situated so that it would never take that long to get to anyone. If cornerworkers are going to be placed so far from where they'll be needed, then they should at least be conscientious enough to run (not walk, mosey, or saunter) when someone goes down.<BR><BR>Further, Sean's argument that the cornerworkers at VIR were quick and efficient is completely thrown out the door when we see what happened to Himmelsbach on Friday. 17 minutes unattended! Broken pelvis, broken ribs, collapsed lung. It is beyond all defense. How can Sean stand behind the AMA and the VIR cornerworkers? I'm sorry, but the AMA has some serious answering to do. Aaron Yates is the least of their safety problems. <BR><BR>Stephen Robinson<BR>AFM #756<BR>San Francisco, CA<BR><BR><BR><BR><BR>My blood is boiling when reading about the Bill Himmelsbach incident. I think there needs to be a wave of Safety Vilgilantes take over the racetracks in this country!<BR><BR>Apparently, riders need to police the racetrack for their own safety. From now on, I encourage all riders who see red flag situations that are not being addressed by race officials to simply stop at the start/finish line, pick up the red flag and stop the race themselves.<BR><BR>The most single most assinine thing in motorcycle racing is that someone in a box removed from an incident is in charge of stopping a race. The situation must be explained by a cornerworker, thought about by a remote person, and then acted upon by the same person who can't even see what has happened.<BR><BR>What if the friggin' batteries died in a radio? "Oh well, we don't have permission from race control to stop this race, I guess this guy and the people who are going to run him over will have to die..."<BR><BR>Last spring at Daytona I saw a guy fall in the first horseshoe; he was laying knocked-out cold so close to the track that one of his hands was on it, right in the impact zone. They pulled an ambulance up, right in the impact zone, got out and worked on the guy like there was no danger, and never stopped the race. Gotta keep the day on schedule I guess.<BR><BR>There should be 3 instances where the corner should be able to call red flag WITHOUT EXPLAINING ANYTHING TO ANYBODY:<BR><BR>1. Body on Track<BR>2. Bike on Track<BR>3. Fluid on Track<BR><BR>If the sanctioning bodies can't be certain that a cornerworker is smart enough to see that one of those three events has taken place and not stop the race unnecessarily, then they are not smart enough to work in a corner. I don't think there is any cornerworker who is not smart enough to be trained and entrusted with that much authority.<BR><BR>While people are busy explaining and thinking somebody is going to die.<BR><BR><BR>Max McAllLatest Anosmia Stories
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., Aug. 10 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Matrixx Initiatives, Inc. (Nasdaq: MTXX), an over-the-counter healthcare company that develops and markets Zicam(R) products, today announced financial results for its fiscal first quarter ended June 30, 2009.
Federal health regulators made a crucial announcement Tuesday suggesting that consumers cease use of Zicam Cold Remedy nasal gel and similar products due to evidence proving cause of irreversible damage to smell sensory
Company.
DOYLESTOWN, Pa., June 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The U.S.
SCOTTSDALE, Ariz., June 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Matrixx Initiatives, Inc. (Nasdaq: MTXX), today received a Warning Letter from the Food and Drug Administration (the "FDA").
The U.S.
German scientists say they've found the brain's olfactory bulb appears to change in size in a way that corresponds to changes in people's sense of smell. Dr. Antje Haehner and colleagues at the University of Dresden Medical School studied 20 patients with loss of sense of smell, or olfactory loss.
Though humans may never match the tracking ability of dogs, we apparently have the ability to sniff out and locate odors, according to a new study by scientists from the University of California, Berkeley.
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.: Jianas Brothers Packaging Company
Date Reported: 12/22/2011
Department: Defense Logistics Agency
Contract Details: Jianas Brothers Packaging Co.*, Kansas City, Mo., was awarded a firm-fixed-price, indefinite-delivery/indefinite-quantity contract with a maximum $18,198,573 for beverage base component items used in the MRE Program. There are no other locations of performance. Using services are Army, Navy, Air Force, Marine Corps and federal civilian agencies. There were six responses to the 17 proposals. Type of appropriation is fiscal 2012 Defense Working Capital Funds. The date of performance completion is Dec. 20, 2012. The Defense Logistics Agency Troop Support, Philadelphia, Pa., is the contracting activity (SPM3S1-12-D-Z120).
Total Contract Value: $18,198,573
View More Contracts by Jianas Brothers Packaging CompanyThe Walking Dead - Episode 1: A New Day User Review
The game begins with the central character, Lee, sitting in the backseat of a police cruiser, handcuffed and looking unhappy. The police officer is in the middle of giving Lee a hard time when, apparently, the zombie apocalypse happens all at once and he crashes the car, killing the police officer and freeing Lee. Soon enough, Lee meets Clementine, a young girl who has lost her parents to the apocalypse, and it's up to you to keep her safe.
The story unfolds much as you would expect a TWD story to play out; heavy on the dialogue and not-so-heavy on the action. The story exists within the comic book universe and the visual style of the game helps to bring the player further into the story. Simply put, this is the best looking game that mimics the look of a comic book. It's as if Charlie Adlard designed the look of the game. A few graphical hiccups aside (characters walking through one another and awkward walking animations when attempting to "use" items in the environment), the game looks absolutely gorgeous. Great voice acting and even better sound design helps to improve the overall presentation of TWD.
Gameplay clearly takes a backseat to the story line in every Telltale game, and that is absolutely the case with TWD. This doesn't mean the gameplay is bad, but it is simply there to push the story along. I would call this game the next evolution in adventure games. It's clear that it was crafted to work with both a mouse and keyboard as well as a controller. The left analog stick controls Lee's movements while the right controls an on-screen "arrow" with various actions mapped to the face buttons. Needless to say, the end product works, but at times can be frustrating. Take, for example, an early scene in which you have to kill a zombie: To your right is a shotgun shell and to your left is a shotgun. The goal is to grab the shell and then the shotgun and shoot the zombie as it crawls towards you. The problem is the movement feels stiff, making it seem as if the player is less in control than they should be. It manages to create tension, but I couldn't help but feel like the tension was only there due to the fact that the controls were slow. This turns into a very minor complaint however once the player gets the hang of it.
Choice plays a big role in TWD. Nearly every character has a deep backstory and a different opinion on Lee and other characters in the game. Choices must be made in a relatively short amount of time or else a timer will run out. Interestingly, if the player feels they don't know how to react to a particular situation, they can simply remain silent. The best thing about these decisions is just how difficult they become. Later into the game, the player is asked to choose to save one of two characters. To me, the choices were pretty obvious, but I found it intriguing that half of the people who played the game disagreed with my choices (upon completing the game, players are provided with statistics of the choices the overall community made, similar to Catherine). Some decisions have already shown a reaction among the other group members while other decisions and dialogue choices are sure to affect the following episodes. In the "Next time on TWD" at the end of the game, I saw a few of my decisions having an effect on others.
The game is short, and I understand that could turn many potential players off to purchasing the title, but the fact that the game is only $5.00 takes away most of that sting. The game ends in a cliffhanger and to say that I'm eagerly anticipating the second episode is an extreme understatement. Fans of the comics and the TV show alike will undoubtedly find something to love in Telltale's game. While it is not without its faults, they are relatively few and far between.
This user review does not reflect the views of the PSX Extreme Staff.
Put this on your webpage or blog:
Follow PSX Extreme on Twitter
Crabba
Reply
Sunday, May 13, 2012 @ 10:11:18 PMCHECK OUT SHMOOP'S FREE STUDY TOOLS: Essay Lab | Math Shack | Videos
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
by J.K. Rowling
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets Chapter 5 Summary
How It All Goes Down
The Whomping Willow
- Harry is excited to get back to Hogwarts, but he's sad that his month at the Burrow is coming to an end.
- The morning that the Weasleys and Harry head to Hogwarts, Mr. Weasley drives them in his flying car.
- They reach King's Cross with fifteen minutes to spare before the Hogwarts Express leaves.
- All of the other Weasleys go through the barrier to Platform Nine and Three Quarters.
- When Harry and Ron try to go through, though, "Both [their] trolleys hit the barrier and bounced backwards" (5.21).
- They can't get through, and they miss the Hogwarts Express.
- Ron worries that maybe Mr. and Mrs. Weasley can't get through the magical barrier back into the station.
- So Ron suggests that they take Mr. Weasley's magical flying car to Hogwarts.
- As long as they keep the invisibility button on, they won't be visible to Muggles.
- So Harry and Ron set off in Mr. Weasley's car.
- They fly low over the Hogwarts Express to make sure that they don't get lost.
- Yet, as the sun sets, Harry and Ron both start to notice the engine beginning to whine.
- The car finally gives out right over the castle, and Ron and Harry hurtle towards the ground.
- They smash into the side of a large tree.
- Ron's wand snaps.
- And Harry and Ron notice (sickened) that, "The tree they had hit was attacking them. Its trunk was bent almost double, and its gnarled boughs were pummeling every inch of the car it could reach" (5.101).
- The car restarts just in time to reverse away from the tree.
- This last burst of energy is also the last straw for the car, which spits out Harry and Ron's baggage and drives off into the Forbidden Forest.
- When Ron and Harry sneak into the castle, they find that the Sorting has already started.
- Ginny Weasley is waiting to find out which Hogwarts house (Gryffindor, Slytherin, Hufflepuff, or Ravenclaw) she will be a part of.
- Harry notices that there is a new teacher at the High Table: Gilderoy Lockhart.
- Still, one professor is missing – where is Severus Snape?
- It turns out that he's right behind Ron and Harry.
- Professor Snape grabs Harry and Ron and pulls them into his office.
- He hands Harry and Ron the Daily Prophet.
- The front page has an article: "FLYING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES" (5.135).
- Professor Snape promises Harry and Ron that they'll be expelled for almost revealing the wizarding world to Muggles.
- Yet, when Professor McGonagall, the Head of Gryffindor House comes in, she lets the boys go with detention.
- The Headmaster of Hogwarts, Professor Dumbledore, warns them: "I must impress upon both of you the seriousness of what you have done. I will be writing to both your families tonight. I must also warn you that if you do anything like this again, I will have no choice but to expel you" (5.157).
- They have already missed the Sorting Ceremony, but Professor McGonagall informs Ron that Ginny's in Gryffindor (with all the other Weasleys!).
- All's well that ends well, but this still leaves Ron with the question: "Why couldn't we get through the barrier?" (5.174).
- Hermione greets Harry and Ron back at the Gryffindor Common Room: "There you are! Where have you been?" (5.181). She scolds because she loves.
- All the other Gryffindors are impressed with Harry and Ron's entrance into the school.======MYARROWS======
This plugin adds new arrow types like fire,brick,iron,poison and diamond that can be crafted and used just like normal arrows! This is my first plugin so feedback/bugs reports are extremely welcomed!
I will be adding more arrows very soon. If anyone has any request let me know!
Features
- Fire Arrow
- Ignites the block it lands on and can spread a fire!
- Poison Arrow
- Poisons whoever it hits!
- Brick Arrow
- Can break through glass and causes nausea if it hits you!
- Iron Arrow
- Does more damage then a normal arrow!
- Diamond arrow
- Does more damage then Iron and Normal arrows!
- Super Sonic Arrow -NEW!!!!
- Launches and after 5 ticks goes super sonic create-ting a small explosion. (Don't worry it can't even break cobble stone)
- Toggle menu for arrows
- Switch between arrows with a left click when your holding a bow.
- Automatically with switch when you run out!
- So you're not shooting duds!
Commands
- /havefire
- Gives 64 Fire Arrows.
- /havepoison
- Gives 64 Poison Arrows.
- /havebrick
- Gives 64 Brick Arrows.
- /haveiron
- Gives 64 Iron Arrows.
- /havediamond
- Gives 64 Diamond Arrows.
- /havesuper
- Gives 64 Super Sonic Arrows.
- /testa
- Gives 2 of each arrow type, 2 normal arrows, and a bow.
Default Config
# MyArrows by Leering - Config # # Allow Arrow Types allowDiamond: true allowIron: true allowFire: true allowSuperSonic: true allowBrick: true allowPoison: true allowBomb: false allowTesta: true diamondDamage: 30 ironDamage: 20 allowSuperSonicExplosion: true superSonicDelay: 5 superSonicBowDurabilityDamge: 40 allowBrickGlassBreak: true bombArrowExplosionSize: 20
Permissions
permissions: myArrows.*: description: Gives access to all Arrows children: myArrows.poison: true myArrows.diamond: true myArrows.iron: true myArrows.fire: true myArrows.bomb: true myArrows.super: true myArrows.brick: true myArrows.poison: description: Allows you to use posion arrows default: true myArrows.diamond: description: Allows you to use diamond arrows default: true myArrows.iron: description: Allows you to use iron arrows default: true myArrows.fire: description: Allows you to use fire arrows default: true myArrows.bomb: description: Allows you to use bomb arrows default: false myArrows.super: description: Allows you to use super arrows default: true myArrows.brick: description: Allows you to use brick arrows default: true
NOTES:
-This is my first time using permissions so hopefully it all works right in V0.9.
- I added in a new arrow called bomb arrow it is still not %100 done so it is disabled by default but feel free to try it just be careful. It uses the command /bomb X Z where X and Z are coordinates you enter. When you shoot a Bomb Arrow it will teleport to Y: 270 above the location you entered and explode when it hits ground.
-I'm mainly releasing this version with the Bomb Arrow before it's done so people can use the new permissions due to popular demand.
Table of contents
Facts
- Date created
- Jan 15, 2013
- Categories
-
- Last update
- Jan 20, 2013
- Development stage
- Beta
- Language
- enUS
- License
- Curse link
- MyArrows
- Downloads
- 9,900
- Recent files
- B: MyArrows V0.91 for 1.4.7 Jan 20, 2013
- B: MyArrows V0.9 for 1.4.7 Jan 18, 2013
- B: MyArrows V0.8 for 1.4.7 Jan 15, 2013
- B: MyArrows V0.7 for 1.4.7 Jan 15, 2013
- B: MyArrows V0.6 for 1.4.7 Jan 15, 2013
update 1.6.2 please
ummm i like the idea of the plugin except that it ignores protection plugins, most importantly worldguard.....thank you for the massive destruction in my spawn....Know any way around this?
Arrow ideas
Web arrows?
created by a cobweb on top of stick and feather? 3x3 of cobwebs where it lands
Teleportation Arrows?
Enderpearl on top of a stick and feather, teleports shooter where the arrow lands
Weakness Arrows?
essentially poison arrow, but weakness instead
Slowness Arrow?
same as poison / just inflicts slowness
Heavy Arrow?
crafted by : arrow on top of another arrow on top of another arrow? Fly's slower but does more damage, goes through armor 10% more
Arrow Bundle
Essentially a shotgun effect crafted by TnT pattern Arrows instead of gunpowder string instead of sand, when fired shoots 10 (configurable) arrows out all over.
Possibly arrow bundles of the other arrows?
Lightning arrow
Iron arrow with iron on top and bottom of it. Calls down lightning were it lands
Swap Arrow
Arrow with enderpearls on top and below it. Switches places with the target If it misses no effect?
Hail Arrow?
Crafted by arrow surrounded by snowballs where the arrow hits snowballs rain down (configurable time and amount?)
Darkness Arrow?
Torch on top of a fermented spider eye on top of the arrow, Destroys all light sources within a 10 (configurable) block radius? E.g. Glowstone Torch Redstone lanterns etc etc
Mob Arrows
Crafted with a spawn egg or mob head on top of arrow, where it lands it places that mob if steve head (player) Testificate.
Thanks for reading!
Icedemond5 / HellSongx
What I mean by the wither head animation is to put on the arrow and the arrow should explode too
BFAK:90872508,4a0caf4c56ed6beebb2bd33e061f0e8979add28946991e5b0d3635d17dafaa80
U should add wither arrows that wither people and give the wither head animation
I try to make the arrows but it don't work?
@Leering: Go
I know that feel man.
Great plugin though. When you work out the kinks such as damage neutralization on normal arrows (they become harmless) and the duplication I plan on using it again.
Sorry College started up it takes up most of my free time.
@iNooooaaaahhh: GoSame here, Im sure the author is busy, but I am very excited to put this plugin on my server, and so are my players. I will just patiently await and hope for an update. Until then I cant run this plugin on my prod server. I also really would like item ID's so I can use these as rewaards in mobarena and such.
Hi there, I have a few suggestions. I was wondering if you could add the following to the config: infinity-bow: false (makes it so if you have an infinity bow it still uses arrows) duration-poison: x (where x is an integer in seconds) duration-nausea: x (where x is an integer in seconds)
And I have a 2 suggestions for arrows: 1) When an arrow hits a person, this arrow has the firework explosion effect happen on that person (ie. the Twinkle when a star explodes) and the screen of the user flips. 2) When an arrow hits a person, it causes slowness debuff (and if added, a duration-slowness in the config would be great :P)
ThanksJoined: 31 October 2007
Posts: 9559
The following 4 member(s) liked the above post:
golden creeper, Akashii, sensodyne, -Fatima-,
Joined: 31 October 2007
Posts: 9559
Joined: 18 June 2008
Posts: 46489
Joined: 06 January 2010
Posts: 1072
Joined: 20 October 2007
Posts: 6194
UK based student tattooed his arm dedicating it to television actress ...
Mansi Sharma, who has been actively doing television shows such as ...The Malibu offers no fewer than eight submodels, but the one you want is called the 3LT – that's the sleeper. With its cloth interior and low-key 18-inch wheels (in lieu of the LTZ's flashy 19s), neither passengers nor the constabulary will suspect you've ordered the key piece under the hood – a turbocharged, direct-injected four-cylinder that pumps out 259 horsepower and powers the 3LT to a top speed of 155. With basically no turbo lag and 260 lb-ft of torque, it takes practice not to do burnouts off the line every time. Get one in a modest color like taupe gray and fly under the radar, fast. [$26,600; chevrolet.com]Unfortunately Horton Archery Crossbow Replacement String Hunter SuperMax 175 ST085 is no longer carried by OpticsPlanet. You can also explore other items in the Shooting Accessories category yourself to try and find the perfect replacement for you!
The Horton Archery Crossbow Replacement Hunter SuperMax String 175 ST08 SuperMax 175 Crossbow Replacement String Hunter ST085 and the full line of Horton Archery Bow Strings are on sale and available for purchase from our massive online store._1<<_2<<_3<<
_7<<_8<<
Youngsters enjoy a soaking from a big wave hitting the shoreline during high tide in the Arabian Sea.
PHOTOGRAPH BY: Divyakant Solanki / EPALink
_10<<
Fishermen rely on 100% manpower to pull in a net on Silver Beach in Beihai.
PHOTOGRAPH BY: Ed Jones / AFPLink
_12<<
Police arrest a student member of the Telangana Joint Action Committee, whose march to demand Telangana statehood was broken up..
PHOTOGRAPH BY: Noah Seelam / AFPLink
_14<<
Groundskeepers push water from the sixth fairway after a morning rainstorm interrupted the first round of the U.S. Open golf tournament at Merion Golf Club.
PHOTOGRAPH BY: Julio Cortez / Associated PressLink
More galleries on Frameworkreturn to gallery
Pictures in the News | Dec. 9, 2013
Monday's Pictures in the News begins in South Africa, where mourners sing outside the home of former President Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg. Scores of heads of state and... View Post»
South Africans hold vigil outside hospital treating Nelson Mandela
By Robyn Dixon JOHANNESBURG, South Africa -- Nelson Mandela's daughter Makaziwe spoke movingly of her father's continued responses to his family Thursday, saying he... View Post»
The Week in Pictures | June 3 - 9, 2013
Each week we bring you the very best in visual journalism. Central Europe's worst floods in over a decade claimed a 12th victim as torrents of muddy water surged down swollen... View Post»
O.J. Simpson found not guilty
Oct. 3, 1995: Current Los Angeles Times staff photographer Myung J. Chun was in court when the O.J. Simpson murder trial verdicts were announced. He writes: The Simpson... View Post»EL PASO — U.S. Rep. Beto O’Rourke said Wednesday that according to a study commissioned by his office, it takes El Paso veterans seeking mental health care more than two months to see a provider, and as many as a third go without treatment completely.
The data contradicts what O’Rourke, D-El Paso, said he has been told for more than a year by officials with the El Paso Veterans Health Administration. According to them, he said, between 85 and 100 percent of new veterans see a provider within two weeks.
“Draw your own conclusions about what this means for the outcomes for these veterans,” he said. “I don’t think it’s a stretch to connect the high rate of suicide to the delayed, deferral and ultimate denial of access to mental health care providers."
John Mendoza, the director of the El Paso VA Health Care system, said he shared O'Rourke's concerns, but did not mention specifically the findings of the congressman's survey or his agency's own numbers.
"The men and women of the El Paso VA Health Care System are committed to providing the best care possible to the New Mexico and Texas Veterans who we proudly serve," he said. "We share Congressman O’Rourke’s concerns for ensuring timely access to the primary and mental health care that our veterans have earned and deserve. We will not waver in our efforts to improve and we remain dedicated to providing exceptional health care to veterans."
O'Rourke released his survey — which included responses from about 700 veterans and cost about $7,000 — to the media following a national scandal in which dozens of veterans died while waiting for care in Phoenix. Officials there were also compiling secret lists of veterans who were awaiting treatment, according to reports. O’Rourke said he will meet with VA officials in El Paso on Thursday to discuss why the reported wait times they have reported to him are different from the ones in his office's survey.
“We need to find out why we have this discrepancy, were there secret lists maintained, was there fudging of the numbers reported out of the VHA in El Paso," he said. "Is there a reasonable excuse for why the VA here said there were reasonable wait times?”
O’Rourke conceded that his office's data was anecdotal but he stood by the results of the study, which has a margin of error of about 3.8 percent. But he also pointed to two specific examples of El Pasoans whose experiences backed up the findings.
Melinda Russell did a 15-month tour in Iraq that began in 2007. She served as an Army chaplain until shortly after a colleague committed suicide.
“That was extremely difficult for me and it ended up culminating in my medical retirement,” she said, adding that she subsequently joined the Warrior Transition Battalion to treat her post-traumatic stress disorder.
“During that time we lost three other soldiers and a wife of a soldier to suicide. All of that, as well as the horrible situation at the VA, ended up with me being unable to do my job there,” she said.
After seeking her medical records, she said she learned that the VA had marked appointments it canceled as meetings she canceled herself.
“It makes it look as if they are trying to treat us when they are canceling,” she said.” One was [marked] a 'no show' even though they called me and canceled.” That went on for six months, she said.
Lillian “Bonnie” D’Amico and her son Nicholas D’Amico first met O’Rourke in September 2013 at a town hall meeting where they told the congressman about their troubles getting mental health care for Nicholas, a veteran who was also suffering from PTSD. Her son committed suicide by driving off El Paso’s Trans Mountain Road just weeks after that meeting.
D’Amico said after convincing her son to move to El Paso so she could help him with his recovery, he wasn't given an initial appointment for four months. That was later postponed for two more months. What followed was a roller coaster of mood swings and prescribed medications.
“He couldn’t wait any longer,” she said. “… I think this could have been prevented had he had the mental health (care) that he needed.”
According to O'Rourke's survey, about 77 percent of respondents waited more than two weeks to see a medical provider, all veterans had at least one appointment canceled and providers spent an average of 42 minutes with their patients.
O’Rourke said he is considering filing legislation that would require that similar surveys be conducted across the country.
“We know we cannot trust the VA to tell us how the VA is doing. But we can trust veterans to tell us about the kind of care they're receiving,” he said.
This article originally appeared in The Texas Tribune at.Weather in Montepagano, IT
Avg. wind speed: 7.3 km/h
Relative humidity: 88 %
Further stations nearby:
Sun
Moon
Weather in Montepagano, 22.05.2015
On Friday late morning it will be cloudy, but mostly dry. At noon dominates variable clouds with scattered rain showers. During the night it will become overcast with light rain.
Morning temperatures will be around 11 °C. During the day they will reach a maximum of 17 °C.
Low temperatures at night will be around 14°C.
Southwesterly winds are weak.
Tomorrow
On Saturday it will be fair with patchy clouds until afternoon. In the afternoon we can expect variable clouds with scattered rain showers. The night will bring occasionally cloudy, but mainly clear weather. Morning temperatures will be around
Bone Collector Run & Gun Hiking Boots, Realtree® AP
Item # WX2-191346
- Google+
- Details & Specs
Bone CollectorTM Run & Gun Hiking Boots. Built tough to handle rugged trails on the way to your hunting spot. WATERPROOF!
Equip:
- 100% waterproof membrane construction for all-day dryness
- Removable activated carbon insole with S3&trade antimicrobial technology (toe-warmer compatible)
- Removable SPF 60 activated carbon fabric filter (reusable) with BodyLock technology to absorb human odor
- Non-insulated for breathable comfort
- 2-layer camo rubber fabric lightweight insole for cushion
- Speed lace design with durable stud hooks
- Reinforced rubber toe and heel for protection
- Removable cork-infused EVA insole to absorb and dissipate shock
- Climb right heel design for greater stability
- Each Boot weighs approx. 35.6 oz.
State Size, as available in the Shopping Cart. Order yours for comfort in the outdoors! Get 'em ONLINE today!
instantly SAVE
$19.00 on this item!
- Reviews
- Bone Collector Run Gun Hiking Boots, Realtree AP is rated out of 5 by 1.Rated 3 out of 5 by WAYLON from sizes run small on these, order at least 1 size up. Also be aware, the leather trim looks black on the internet, its actually a deep reddish brown oxblood color....I had to send them back due to the size problem. I usually wear a 12... the 12 even in the EE width were TOO tight, even with thin socksDate published: 2012-09-24
- Irish Setter 17" Waterproof Snake Guard Boots, Realtree Xtra GreenNon-Members $189.99
-
Reebok ERT Men's Tactical Boots, WaterproofNon-Members $99.99 Buyer's Club $89.99Here
Step 1: Cut it, cut!
Using an IBM connector allows you to unplug the cable when not needed.
Step 4: Connect
I've changed my mind and moved the power socket to the leg. More convinient.
Glue the leg, wires doesn't strech!
Feed the cables through through back of the leg.
In fact, all the glass in the world should be removed, just like hot coffee, slippery water and scissors, so that the peaks of evolution (you and your friend) can be safe and prosperous..
Very dangerous..
The leg is also hollow or does it have honeycomb inside too?
I wonder if this would work with rechargable batteries too, to forego the cable altogether. With LED lights that should work I think :)
It inspires me to try this thing to other stuff.
Very nice
Thanks for sharing.Woven Print Blouse
Fruity or Not, Here I Come Top$69.99
Owl You Doing? Top$29.99
Sure Do Love This Top$39.99 $27.99
Absolute Allure Top$34.99
Classy Collector Top in Hedgehog$34.99
Love Wins, Love Always Winsome Top$34.99 ...
Take Me Too Top$39.99Price: $39.99
Description.
Wing Awakening Top$39.99
An Anchor a Day Top$39.99
Dancing in the Sweet Top$34.99
Bonne With the Wind Top$49.99
Subtle Shine Top$29.99
Awe the Open Road Top$39.99 $27.99Price: $39.99 $27.99 30% off!
Description
Always up for an impromptu adventure, you hop into your convertible in this white crop top and head for the horizon! Festooned with embroidered hues of orange and blue, this ruffled, off-the-shoulder blouse looks as cheerful as you feel under the wide-open sky!
Splendid Idea Top in Cherry$39.99 $27.99
You Can Call Me Alfresco Top$29.99Price: $29.99
Description ...
Your Cherry Best Top$34.99 $23.99
Inky Echo Top$34.99 $23.99
Have We Metier? Top$39.99
Just Kitten! Top ...Oracle WebCentre social, which includes Oracle Social Network and Oracle WebCentre Real-Time Collaboration, delivers secure social networking and enterprise collaboration tools for the enterprise.
The Oracle Technology Network is the world's largest community of application developers, database admins, system admins/developers and architects using industry-standard technologies in combination with Oracle products. Find documentation, product downloads, demonstrations, discussions and more.
The Oracle Partner Network offers a variety of next-generation services, solutions and resources that will leverage the differentiators in your offerings.
Advanced Innovations Improves Collaboration with WebCentreIs there a home router which has a built in web content filtering which allows the admin to configure individual users to bypass the filters? The closest thing I can find at the moment is the Draytek 2820 but this does not allow exclusions and has a pesky and expensive annual charge (£60/year!) In a perfect world there would be a router out there which does the same kind of thing without a subscription service and has exclusions. I have thought about using openDNS but based on a google search it seems the average teenager can usually find a way of bypassing it. Cheers Chunks1 Item(s)
- Great Buy!Review by Carla
What a great buy this was! We bought it 2 years ago and use and re-wash them over and over again and they retain the deep rich color. Pleats go back to their shape with a iron or a steamer! Used it most recently in our Thansgiving party and it was a hit, looked like a decorating company had done it :)(Posted on 12/8/14)
1 Item(s)The candidates, but in some cases it will be obvious who the candidate is. In other instances, not. Here they are:
1)
2)
3)
4)
5)
6)
7)
8)
So here is the poll:
UPDATE: With over 5,500 votes cast, the poll is closed. Candidate number 6 won in a landslide with 48% of the votes cast. Number 6 is Mitt Romney. No surprise there; if you saw him in elementary school, he probably looked like a future president. The candidate with the fewest votes was number 2, Rick Santorum, who picked up just 1.7% of the total votes. No offense, Rick, but I’m not sure what that 1.7% were thinking. Second place, far behind Romney, was a virtual tie between candidate number 5 and candidate number 4. Number 5 is Herman Cain. The photo is taken from a “Most Likely to Succeed” page in his yearbook, and he does indeed look like a young man who is going places. Candidate number 4 is, of course, me. I think the vote total must reflect a little ballot box stuffing, although I swear I’m not the guilty party.
So there you have it. One more reason why Mitt Romney’s nomination is regarded in some quarters as inevitable.
Top Legislative Priorities for the 114th CongressI. Social Security Issues
A. Support the "Social Security Fairness Act"
The FOP strongly supports the "Social Security Fairness Act," which the "State and Local Law Enforcement Discipline, Accountability and Due Process Act"
The FOP strongly supports the "State and Local Law Enforcement Discipline, Accountability and Due Process Act," legislation which would create.
IV. Support legislation granting statutory arrest authority to DoD officers
The FOP strongly supports legislation giving certain Federal law enforcement officers employed by the U.S. Department of Defense statutory arrest authority.
V. Support the "Law Enforcement Officers' Equity Act"
The FOP supports legislation which would provide 6(c) benefits to approximately 30,000 Federal law enforcement officers who currently do not have them.
For more information, please feel free to contact the National Legislative Office at (202) 547-8189 or via e-mail.Search billions of records on Ancestry.com
THE SEALY NEWS
August 26, 1932
Prosperous Farmer of Cat Spring Dies After Long Illness
Chas. Caletka of the Cat Spring Community died at his home on
Wednesday, August 17, following a period of ill health beginning in
1926. He was born January 10, 1869 near Cat Spring and was past 63
years of age. He was married in 1894 to Miss Augusta Michaelis of Cat
Spring. Surviving are a daughter, Mrs. Hertha Renz and son Alfred,
and four grandchildren. Funeral Services were conducted at the home
at 4 o'clock Thursday afternoon, August 18, Rev. W.H. Bengston
officiating and burial was in the old Lutheran Cemetery near Cat
Spring.
Das Wochenblatt
Supplement on 17 August
Karl Caletka passed away today at nine o'clock at his home in the Neu
Buerger settlement. He had been ill for a number of years. According
to the doctor he was suffering from high blood pressure. His passing
away was therefore not totally unexpected, even though he was not yet
an old man. He worked hard all his life and managed to become well-off
so that he could easily have retired. Unfortunately he never managed
to find his deserved rest and suffered badly in recent times. As both
the doctor's treatment and the best nursing could not bring him
relief, one can say that his death has brought him relief. He was born
in Cat Spring on 10 January 1869, was raised here and married Miss
Auguste Michaelis in 1894. The couple have since lived on the farm. He
leaves behind his grieving wife, a daughter, Mrs. Hertha Renz, Eagle
Lake, and a son Alfred Caletka, Cat Spring, and many relatives and
friends. His funeral took place on the Nicholai Cemetary, the service
being held by Pastor Bengston from Sealy. The funeral service was led
by the members of the S.P.J.S.T. lodge. My condolences to all the
bereaved.
H.A.Strauss
Posted by Natalie McLain
Obit Index Listing- Gadgets
- Accessories
- Jewelry
- Art
- Games
- Miniatures
- Apps
- Feed
Fully colored material with a coarse finish and a delicate.!
Kelsey has been diagnosed with an "Unknown Clotting Disorder" since she was 16. For three years the most she was out of the hospital was ninety days, each time she would be faced with a new clot in her arteries and fighting for her life. She is now 21 and is again faced with more clots and complications with her arteries. She has to have surgery to bypass the clotted area in her right pelvis, she also has a clot in her lung,and another further down in her right leg.
The only medical facility that can care for Kelsey is Mayo Clinic which is over 650 miles
from home. Kelsey and her mom are at Mayo Clinic, she is fighting to save her leg and
possibly her life. There are daily test, radiology exams, pokes, and prodding that her
insurance doesn't fully cover. For example she has to pay a $500.00 copayment for
each CT scan, of which she's had three of. We are trying to help Kelsey with getting the care she needs to heal from this devastating disorder.
Use Facebook to add your own comment.Shred Bottom Dress by Raquel Allegra. Sleeveless racer back jersey dress with dropwaist & shredded skirt.
Scoop neck / Racer back / Sleeveless / Raw rolled edges at neck & arm openings / Round patch pockets at waist / Seamed dropwaist / Shredded overlay on skirt / Raw hem / Length hits below the knee / Slightly relaxed fit / Color: Pewter / 100% Rayon / Lining: 100% Silk / Handmade in Los Angeles.
60% OFFEasy and Expert Recipes For Greek Lemon Chicken Egg Soup
Greek Avgolemono Soup Two Ways — Beginner and Expert
Like us on Facebook
Adapted from Real Simple
Beginner Avgolemono
Ingredients
6 cups low-sodium chicken broth
3/4 cup long-grain rice
2 cooked chicken-breast halves, skin discarded and meat shredded
2 large eggs, at room temperature
1/3 cup fresh lemon juice
1 lemon, thinly sliced
Directions
-.
Serves 4.
Information
- Category
- Soups/Stews, Other
- Cuisine
- Greek
From Food & Wine
Expert Avgolemono
3 tablespoons chopped fresh d and chopped fresh dill.
Serves 4.
Information
- Category
- Soups/Stews, Other
- Cuisine
- GreekMobile I.T Services Melbourne
Computer Problems Fixed Fast
If you are under a tight deadline, you cannot afford a technical mishap on your computer. Issues can strike at any time and cause a major headache and inconvenience. That’s where Mobile I.T Services Melbourne comes in handy. Our experienced staff provides computer service and repair, as well as technical support for customers across Melbourne's south eastern suburbs.
Home Service
- Computer Repair & Service
- Wireless Networks
- Data Recovery
- Desktops & Laptops, All Brands
Business Solutions
- Server Installation & Support
- Backup Solutions
- Router & Firewall Configuration
- Outsourced IT Support
Pricing Options
We will fix your computer problems over the Internet while you watch or we also have onsite technicians that are available for same day service in most cases.
With more than a decade of experience, we can help you get your PC, MAC, or laptop up and running in no time, either through a visit to your home or office, or even online! In many states we can fix your computer issues the same day. We also provide complete repair service for networks, printers, and other computer hardware. Our online
Same Day Service.
Free Onsite Estimate.
Discount Pricing Structure.
Money Back Guarantee.
Microsoft Certified Technicians.Good morning, Ryan Braun owners. Sorry about your Ryan Braun.
This is clearly a story with bigger implications than the fantasy ones, but news of potential suspensions to Ryan Braun and Alex Rodriguez could/will rock the fantasy baseball landscape. A-Rod is one thing, since he’s been injured this whole season and is mostly unowned, but Braun owners will likely (and rightly) be blindsided by this loss. Braun owners must feel like I did back when David Price went down, although this could have a much more lasting impact than that particular injury. (Hurry back, David! I miss you!)
This is exactly what brings us together here. Let us not share in our collective pity parties (only I am allowed to do that), but instead dig through the trash to find some fantasy baseball excellence. First, a look at some players who have recently appeared in this space.
Roy Oswalt‘s second Double-A rehab start went much better than his first. He’ll still need one more before joining the Rockies, but when he does, he might be a steal.
Corey Kluber had a superb 10-strikeout effort against the Red Sox, and he’s still available in 75 percent of CBS leagues. Go get him.
I opened my stupid mouth about Rafael Betancourt avoiding stint on the disabled list, and of course the next thing that happened was Rafael Betancourt ended up on the DL. Grab Rex Brothers if you’re in need of saves.
Tyler Chatwood left his last start with an injury as well, but is hoping to avoid the DL. He was cruising against the Reds at the time, so it’s unfortunate his momentum was jammed.
Yasmani Grandal has two hits in the five games since his return from suspension. It’s just five games, but I’m concerned.
Juan Francisco landed with the Brewers, and should see time at both first and third base. I’m still buying him, particularly if the rumors about a potential Ryan Braun suspension are true.
Today let’s look back at one scorching hot pickup, a player on the other side of the waiver equation, and a young pitcher returning to The Show.
Yasiel Puig | Los Angeles Dodgers | OF | ESPN: 69.1 percent ownership; Yahoo!: 58 percent; CBS: 82 percent
YTD: 1-4 in four plate appearances
Steamer projection: .241/.294/.381 in 296 plate appearances
Hey, did you guys hear Yasiel Puig got called up by the Dodgers? Apparently you did, because the L.A. outfielder’s ownership rates skyrocketed this week. I guess that is bound to happen when one’s manager elicits comparisons to Ken Griffey Jr., Fernando Valenzuela and Mike Trout with regards to said call-up.
But, the thing is, hold on. Not so fast. There’s a lot to like about Puig, and he has immense long-term potential, but will he dominate right out of the box? Is he even here for good? Hardball Times resident Prospect Soothsayer (official title) Jeff Moore covered the call-up at his personal site here:
Puig will undoubtedly flash us with displays of brilliance during this stretch in the majors, which could last just 11 days until Matt Kemp is slated to return from the disabled list but could also become a permanent address for the young Cuban. Between Andre Ethier‘s tenuous relationship with manager Don Mattingly and his utter lack of production, it’s not hard to envision Puig performing well enough over the next two weeks to remain in the lineup even upon Kemp’s return, especially after Mattingly’s name-dropping of Trout as a possibility for the type of impact Puig might have on the moribund Dodgers..
Fantasy owners needing outfield help were right to jump at the chance to speculate on Puig’s call-up, but those expectations need to be tempered. Making the jump to the major leagues is incredibly hard, and there are reasons to be concerned about Puig’s readiness.
Recommendation: If you picked him up, enjoy the ride. If you didn’t, do go crazy trying to trade for him.
Brandon McCarthy | Arizona Diamondbacks | SP | ESPN: 21.7 percent ownership; Yahoo!: 29 percent; CBS: 37 percent
YTD: 2-4, 5.00 ERA in 66.2 innings pitched
ZiPS projection: 7-9, 4.44 ERA in 154 innings pitched
At the Waiver Wire desk, we’re always monitoring roster trends across the fantasy baseball universe. That means both players being added in bulk, but also players being dropped like hot potatoes. In doing so, it was somewhat surprising this week to find Brandon McCarthy was the most dropped player on CBS this week, going from 63 percent to just 37.
Good news, bad news, which do you want first? The bad news? Great, that’s where I was going anyway.
After being a preseason favorite of many (me), McCarthy has been a giant, steaming pile of garbage for the Diamondbacks. He’s simply not helping fantasy teams right now—and that was before he landed on the DL with right shoulder inflammation, an injury he’s had in each of the past four seasons.
That’s all bad news (like you couldn’t tell).
The good news is McCarthy has not been nearly as bad as his ERA suggests. His strikeouts are down modestly from his career average (13.5 percent this year versus his career K rate of 15.9 percent), but his walks are down as well (3.5 percent this year, 6.6 percent career). His velocity was actually up prior to this latest injury, averaging 91.5 miles per hour, his highest average at any point of his major league career. His O-Swing percentage is just under his best career mark at 33.8 percent, and his F-Strike percentage is actually at a career high level in 2013 (68.3 percent). He’s mostly been victimized by a high BABIP (.335 vs. career rate of .287) and a strand rate below his normal range (66.1 percent vs. 71 percent career). His FIP and xFIP are significantly lower than his ERA (3.76 FIP, 3.95 xFIP).
That’s all good news.
More good news: McCarthy is so familiar with this injury that there’s reason to believe he won’t be sidelined too long. Arizona Republic reporter Nick Piecoro spoke with McCarthy about the injury this week:
“One thing I have learned with this is that it’s better to take care of this when it needs to be taken care of than trying to come back a few days too early and then it’ll just happen again in a few weeks,” McCarthy said. “As long as I get rid of it and I’m good to go and it’ll just kind of stay that way.
Recommendation: Zig where others zag. If McCarthy was dropped in your league, add him now and enjoy a solid starting pitcher down the stretch. If you can’t have a broken body taking up a roster spot, at the very least monitor his recovery closely and be ready to strike when he’s close to returning.
Jacob Turner | Miami Marlins | SP | ESPN: 0.6 percent ownership; Yahoo!: 3 percent; CBS: 12 percent
YTD: 1-0, 7 IP, 0 ER, 3K, 1 BB
ZiPS projection: 4-5, 4.57 ERA in 79 innings pitched
Jacob Turner made his 2013 major league debut this week, blanking the Mets. It seems easy to forget that Turner is just 22 years old, especially considering this will be the third major league season he’s played in.
It’s just one good start, and these are still the Mets, but there’s a lot to like here. Turner’s four-seam fastball and sinker Friday were thrown with more velocity than in his previous major league stints, and with more movement.
His statistics during his 10 minor league starts this year provide less optimism, with middling strikeout and walk rates of 14.5 and 5.8 percent respectively, making this one a bit of a toss-up.
Recommendation: It’s impossible to say where his season will go from here, but as a waiver wire dumpster diver, I’m always open to the possibility of a post-hype player becoming a gem among throwaways. If you have room, Turner is undervalued right now and certainly worth a look.
@Jim G – Agreed on all fronts. This does not end well for anyone, really.
The appeals and legal challenges to these suspensions will likely take months to resolve before anyone misses any games.
I suspect this episode will have more negative effect on MLB than all of the strikes combined..
Bill.
19 Feb 2012 - 7:36pm - 1 Comments
2..
18 Feb 2012 - 6:59pm - 0 Comments
3.
LOS ANGELES -- Phil Mickelson wasn't at his best Friday at Riviera. Two shots at least helped him stay in the lead.
17 Feb 2012 - 5:32pm - 0 Comments
4.
LOS ANGELES -- Four days after his big win at Pebble Beach, Phil Mickelson keeps right on rolling.
16 Feb 2012 - 9:09pm - 0 Comments
5.
6.
LOS ANGELES -- Phil Mickelson is known to get on hot streaks. The question is how long one can last.
16 Feb 2012 - 12:44pm - 0 Comments
7.
LOS ANGELES -- Fred Couples wouldn’t mind coming back as U.S. captain at the Presidents Cup for a third time.
15 Feb 2012 - 7:05pm - 0 Comments
8.
LOS ANGELES -- Luke Donald was on the practice range at Riviera before dawn Wednesday, so dark that only temporary floodlights allowed him to see where the ball was going.
15 Feb 2012 - 6:43pm - 0 Comments
9.
LOS ANGELES -- Adam Scott was on the range at Riviera on Tuesday and had every reason to feel like a stranger. He is the only player from the top 10 in the world who has yet to play a tournament this year.
15 Feb 2012 - 1:21pm - 0 Comments
10.
LOS ANGELES -– Riviera is getting a reputation of not showing much respect to its past champions.
15 Feb 2012 - 1:07pm - 1 Comments
11.
LOS ANGELES -- Ernie Els believes having to qualify for the Masters this year will motivate him to get back to playing his best golf.
15 Feb 2012 - 12:35pm - 0 Comments
12.
PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla. -- Tiger Woods is returning to the Honda Classic for the first time since he was an amateur.
14 Feb 2012 - 2:37pm - 0 Comments
13.
LONDON -- Lee Westwood left nobody in any doubt about how disgusted he was by his final-round display at the Omega Dubai Desert Classic on Sunday.
13 Feb 2012 - 5:44pm - 0 Comments
14.
PEBBLE BEACH, Calif. -- Phil Mickelson and Tiger Woods together in the final round has produced the highest rating for CBS Sports at Pebble Beach in 15 years.
13 Feb 2012 - 2:13pm - 2 Comments
15.
PEBBLE BEACH, Calif. -- Phil Mickelson has beaten Tiger Woods the last five times they have played together in the final round. But never like this.
13 Feb 2012 - 2:03pm - 1 Comments
16.
PEBBLE BEACH, Calif. -- Ernie Els can plan on a trip to Arizona for the WGC-Accenture Match Play Championship -- just barely.
12 Feb 2012 - 7:55pm - 0 Comments
17.
18.
JOHANNESBURG -- South Africa will stage a new World Golf Championships tournament from 2013.
12 Feb 2012 - 4:56pm - 0 Comments
19.
The Latest
- Automated Golf Social Article 1The sign for Martin's Beach off of Highway 1Qualcomm Stadium's Stint as Fire Shelter Ends
At the peak of San Diego's wildfires, Qualcomm Stadium served as a shelter for up to 10,000 evacuees. Now, the shelter is about to close, as people return to their homes — or what's left of them.
As Battle Continues, Many Fire Evacuees Go Home
Survival Strategies
Even as residents from the San Diego area are being allowed to go back home, crews are still fighting raging wildfires in Southern California. Of the 20 fires still burning, the Santiago fire in Orange County and at least two others are being treated as arson cases.
In the suburbs around San Diego, thousands of evacuees are returning home to find their neighborhoods stripped bare by flames. The lucky ones will find their homes still standing amid a blackened landscape. But many will be disappointed: At least 80 percent of the 1,800 houses destroyed since Sunday are in San Diego County.
At least 12 people have perished in the fires. Among them were four people found dead in a migrant camp east of San Diego by border patrol agents on patrol.
Some illegal immigrants were among those who sought refuge at San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium. Two couples who were accused of looting were handed over to border patrol officials when they couldn't provide documentation. Soon after, witnesses said, another two dozen families left the stadium, in apparent concern over their own legal status.
Among other developments:
- Qualcomm Stadium, where more than 10,000 displaced residents sought refuge, is closing as an evacuation center today; it was home to just 350 people Friday morning. Officials say it will be ready for Sunday's San Diego Chargers-Houston Texans game, as scheduled.
- The reward for apprehending those responsible for the fires deemed to result from arson has been raised to $250,000.
- The Santiago fire has burned 26,000 acres. Together, all of the California wildfires have burned nearly 800 square miles, an area half the size of Rhode Island.
- In 2003, dozens of homes burned in the town of Julian, near San Diego. But Julian fire chief Kevin Dubler says Julian may escape this time with only minor damage.
- Of the 1,800 homes lost so far, 80 percent were in San Diego County. The property damage there alone has surpassed $1 billion.
- Air pollution officials in Bakersfield, Calif., are warning valley residents about poor air quality because of the Southern California wildfires. The warning will stay in effect for the next few days.
- The Navy, Marine and California National Guard helicopters were grounded for a day partly because state rules require all firefighting choppers to be accompanied by forestry "fire spotters" who coordinate water or retardant drops. By the time the spotters arrived, high winds made it too dangerous to fly.
- The National Guard's C-130 cargo planes were not part of the firefighting arsenal because long-standing retrofits have yet to be completed. The tanks they need to carry thousands of gallons of fire retardant were promised four years.You appear to have symptoms of recurrent infection by strains of Plasmodium Vivax/Plasmodium malariae or Plasmodium ovale malaria.The malaria caused by these strains will be evident every 28-30 days unless radical therapy using Primaquin is done along with the Chloroquin and other drugs.The malaria may also be of the drug resistant type which responds only partially to the traditionally used chloroquin. Use of the newer antimalarials like Artesunate/Artemisinin derivatives and Quinine may be needed to help eradicate the resistant plasmodium strains.Since you live in a endemic area,the drug therapy will depend on the drug resistance of plasmodium currently seen in your area,also your immune statusmay change depending on whether you have in the last few years travellled abroad .It would be prudent to seek treatment at a tertiary care or referral hospital which has senior physicians and malarialogists .Currently Artemesinin based combination therapy will help treat the malaria adequately rather than use of conventional amtimalarial therapy.Use of a high fibre diet and stool softeners like Docusate may help prevent constipation,adequate fluid and water intake will also help.
thanks for your kind but professional reply, i want to know if bathing with hot or warm water on regular basis will reduce body and joint painsHairdryers a No-No When Drying Out a Smartphone, Says Protect Your Bubble
November 05, 2012 --November 05, 2012 --
(PRWEB UK) 5 November 2012
A mobile phone dropped in the loo, pool, the sink or the bathtub is a common problem. What is not so common is the knowledge of what to do and not do next.
Mobile phone and gadget insurance specialist Protectyourbubble.com lists some top ways to dry out a phone and not dry it out.
DO NOT try
1) Microwaves! The radiation from the microwave will fry the delicate electronics in the phone. The sparks created by the microwaves bouncing off the metal parts could also cause a fire in the phone.
2) A car engine manifold under the hood is a pretty warm place, but its also too warm for the cell phone. It gets hotter there than the dash in summer. Vibrations from the engine could also damage the phone, not to mention knock it off the motor where it will be lost or run over. Do not put your mobile phone on the car radiator either.
3) A hairdryer is a bad idea when used on the heat setting. It puts out too much heat which can cause further damage to the phones internal workings. Direct heat on a cell phone is a bad idea altogether
4) A desk lamp may not appear to be hot, but it can be. While it might not be hot enough to melt a plastic case, it can be hot enough to damage internal circuits.
5) Shaking the phone to get the water out might work, if the phone is one of the sturdy models that can take a beating. A hard shaking can damage phones not built to take that kind of punishment. Its best to avoid this unless the phone is listed as durable and tough.
DO try
1) Using an airing cupboard. This may take a while, but it allows the phone to dry without being over heated.
2) Burying the phone in dry rice. The rice will absorb the water. Afterward, the rice can even be dumped back in the container. Be sure to avoid letting rice get into holes such as the mobile phone connection port or charger port. Covering it with sticky will do the job.
3) Packing the phone in silica gel. These small crystals come in tiny packs inside electronics boxes. Its likely a smartphone package has one. The silica absorbs water and is very effective at this, hence its use in packaging.
These techniques cannot guarantee bringing a mobile phone back to life after contact with water. But Protect your bubble can give piece of mind with gadget insurance that covers against water damage, theft and accidental damage. For more information visit Protect your bubble.
YouTube: youtube.com/protectyourbubble
Read the full story at.SPS Shirts
We currently have three t-shirt designs available for $15 ($12 if you are an official member). All shirts have our SPS logo on the front and come in the color shown. If you would like to purchase one come to a meeting. If you aren't on campus, send us an email and we'll figure out a way to get one to you.
Front
"Don't Drink and Derive"
"I Fought the Law"
Money MoneyLivingFood & TravelAfrica Lynn Morris on Jan 25, 2012 @ 6:29 AMJan 25, 2012 @ 6:29 AM PublishedAfrica Tourism: Sierra Leone sells beaches not blood diamonds TOKEH BEACH, Sierra Leone.FREETOWN, Sierra Leone — Sierra Leone has an image problem when marketing itself as a tourist destination.Blood diamonds, child soldiers and a brutal civil war all taint the country’s international reputation. But these stereotypes are now well out of date and for the last decade the country has enjoyed peace.Boasting deserted white sand beaches, spectacular mountains, fascinating islands, and rare wildlife as well as direct flights from London, Sierra Leone is well situated to become a top tourist destination.Before the war tourists used to frequent Sierra Leone’s beach resorts (some even equipped with helipads) but visitor numbers dwindled to zero during the conflict.“In the 1980s Sierra Leone was one of the most favored tourist destinations and thousands of tourists came every week to the resorts along the peninsula,” said Umaru Woody, planning and development manager for the National Tourist Board.Ten years after the war, 38,000 visitors arrive each year and only a small proportion of these could reasonably be described as tourists. However, over the last five years the number of people coming to Sierra Leone has been gradually increasing.“We are not trying to oversell Sierra Leone, most attractions are not that well developed," said Woody. "We have huge potential but we need to take our time.”The tourist board is focussing on two niche areas of the international tourist market: adventure tourism and ecotourism.In line with this plan was last year’s opening of Tribe Wanted, billing itself as Sierra Leone’s first ecovillage.The resort at John Obey beach is a spin off from a similar development in Fiji and attracted 100 visitors in its first season. Tribe Wanted lies between structured volunteering and resort tourism — guests help with construction, cooking and other activities.Read more on GlobalPost: Free Health Care in Sierra Leone“I was interested in going to a different country which needed tourism. If you want to go somewhere new and exciting in Africa, Sierra Leone is it,” said co-founder Ben Keene, who has just celebrated the start of the resort's second season.He acknowledged that Leonardo DiCaprio’s film "Blood Diamond" did Sierra Leone no favors. And he admitted tourists have concerns about safety.Undeterred, Simon Bunting, 33, flew from Britain to spend two weeks at Tribe Wanted. He said it was more of an opportunity to chill out than a working holiday and added that anything that brings money into Sierra Leone is positive.Tribe Wanted pays the neighboring fishing village $500 a month towards a community development fund. And it provides jobs for 20 people.While the resort is environmentally sustainable, the project is not yet financially sustainable, but the founders plan to double the number of tourists who visit this year. Their model is not Thailand’s beach hangouts but rather the ecotourism resorts of Costa Rica.Upmarket development is also taking place.In the Aberdeen neighborhood of Freetown, a Hilton hotel is under construction on the site of an old hotel and it is due to be completed in 2014. A Radisson Blu should open early next year in a renovated former hotel, which was used as the UN’s headquarters during the war.“It sends a very strong message that Sierra Leone is well and truly open for business and that big brands can exist here,” said Abimbola Carrol, managing director of tour operator Visit Sierra Leone.Read more on GlobalPost: Disabled in Sierra Leone make gainsHowever, planning a trip to Sierra Leone is not easy. Research and booking hotels can be tricky online. Only Bradt publishes a guidebook dedicated to Sierra Leone and it is currently being updated.Sierra Leone’s diplomatic representation is patchy, so, depending on where you live, it can be difficult getting a visa.And it is not cheap, as Woody said: “The cost of a flight to Sierra Leone can be a two-week all-inclusive package in other destinations.”Carrol added: “It is not good value for money. What you get for $100 here would not quite match paying $100 elsewhere.”He thinks customer service must improve, and said: “You have to manage expectations of people who come here. It is an emerging destination, it is very new and everyone is learning.”But this is an opportunity for the type of tourists who like to be ahead of the crowds.Carrol suggests Sierra Leone should emulate Rwanda, which despite its violent history is now a tourist destination. Rwanda, however, is not encumbered by an international airport on the wrong side of a wide river estuary from its capital.More on GlobalPost: (VIDEO) Rwanda's Volcano National ParkThomas Armitt founder of West Africa Discovery, a website that promotes sustainable tourism, believes that Freetown’s awkwardly placed airport is an attraction for the right kind of visitor.There are plans for a new airport within easier reach of the capital but for the moment, as Armitt said: “The adventure starts as soon as you get to Sierra Leone with a helicopter or a speedboat ride from the airport. Everyone who goes for more than two weeks always wants to go back. There’s something that gets you even if you have been bitten by mosquitoes and had a bad stomach experience.”Nice details have been provided for SQL Server 2000 for SP4.
Regards,
Network Management Service | Server Management Service
For this you need to go for programming of website.
Regards,Network Management Service | Server Management Service
This is a new term & I am unaware of reduplication clusters.
Yes moving from one server location just require deletion of database from current location & then attaching them back to location where the database...
Separate names with a comma.Ben Affleck & Jennifer Garner: John Varvatos Stuart House Benefit
Jennifer Garner and her hubby Ben Affleck step out to support the John Varvatos 2013 Stuart House Benefit held at John Varvatos Los Angeles on Sunday (March 10) in Los Angeles.
The 40-year-old married couple both tried on John Varvatos Eyewear while at the star-studded benefit.
Ben and Jen are the honorary co-chairs for the event, which supports the Stuart House, serving the special needs of sexually abused children.
To make a donation and to learn more, visit John Varvatos‘ website.
The event was presented by Chrysler and Kids Tent by Hasbro Studios.
FYI: Jennifer is wearing a Fendi dress and Gucci shoes.
15+ pictures inside of Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck at the Stuart House benefit…A Latte' with Ott, A: crock pOTT recipe: Egg Brunch Casserole. When I found this recipe I was so amazed and excited at the same time.
$50 Weekly Menus. Each week we'll share our weekly menus as well as recipes for our family of 4, which includes two seemingly ravenous teenagers (& several of their buddies) and two adults.
I mention that we include the kids' friends in our menu because it's become a habit for them to have friends over several times per week. For the past 15 years, we've spent, on average, less than $250 per month for groceries (& household items- cleaners, detergents). Our menus include breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacks. They also include various beverages. 1905 Cottage Remodel Projects. Tatertots and Jello DIY decorating and crafts 1905 Cottage Remodel Projects.
Craft Room Organization: 10 Smart Ways to Store Fabric. How to host a successful craft party. A couple weeks ago, Smirnoff asked me if I wanted to throw a craft night to try out their new line of infused s?
Orbet vodka. The idea was to invite friends over to taste something new and try something new. It ended up being one of my favorite parties yet, and a perfect way to welcome friends into our new home. Here are my tips for hosting your own successful craft night: 1) Pick an everybody-can-do project When I was deciding on the project for the night, I wanted something everyone would be able to do no matter their skill level. No matter their craft ability, everyone was able to make a pretty towel; some were downright amazing.
Tutorial} Paper Ranunculus Flower - Free Download! I am SUPER excited about today's post, and not just because I've been working on perfecting it for the past two days, but because i think I have something truly special to share with you guys.
If you've been following my page, or even if you've poked around a bit, you'll have seen that I have a number of tutorials on tissue paper flowers, and centerpieces, etc. I love tissue paper, and how easy it is to work with. Well, while browsing some of the many websites I frequent, I came across this post in Emmaline Bride that showcased paper ranunculus flowers made by Sunny & Stumpy. They are beautiful! Look at them! Naturally, my first thought was, I can totally make that!!
" NEW TAPE PATTERNS: Photo #2 , #3 and #4 show that wide variety of patterns that are available! OUT OF STOCK: Summer Flowers, Pink Floral, Birthday Cake, Gold Sparkle, Numbers (If selected, I will replace with a similar color) All tapes are 15mm with the exception of SPACED GREEN,BROWN and BLUE GRIDS which are 18mm. Make an Entry Mirror. Wardrobe Refashion: Wrap around maternity top & pattern.
Gosh it's been so long since I did an actual refashion I feel so guilty...
I've just been so busy working on my clothing line... But I did make this really cute maternity top from stash fabric. It's a knockoff of an isabella oliver top, and I really love it! I also made a free full size downloadable pattern (graded to sizes S,M,L), with instructions and diagrams. So if you're interested pop over to my blog and download it..
Wallets. Flowers. Buttons. 12 Gifts of Christmas: Lego Storage Bag/Playmat. Welcome to my stop on the 12 Gifts of Christmas Blog Hop!
Today I'm showing you how to make a drawstring Lego storage bag that doubles as a playmat. Fun, cute, and useful!. This bag spreads out to become a playmat that's about 50" wide—a generous size even for the most Lego-obsessed kids.
You will need: • Approximately 40 pieces of fabric, 4.5" x 22" (The 22" length can include a selvage—the selvages will end up hidden. . • 9"-10" square of fabric for the center. Harry Potter Papercraft - Hogwarts Castle. An impressive 1:160 scale Hogwarts Castle papercraft based on J.
K. Rowling's best-selling Harry Potter series Hogwarts Castle (aka Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry) is the wondrous, magical building where wizards and witches learn their ABCs. It also serves as the main setting for the early parts of the Harry Potter books. Harry Potter - Hogwarts Castle Papercraft Harry Potter Magic Wand Papercraft [Related Posts]Golden Snitch Papercraft. Lace shirt tutorial from one pearl button.Searching for
Buick Roadmaster A/C and Heater Controls
Shop at 1A Auto for A/C and Heater Controls for your Buick Roadmaster, Roadmaster
- Part Type: Automatic Temperature Control
Replaces
- DORMAN 604-124
- OE # 89018368
Ships Same Day for orders placed by 5 P.M. ET$76.95Save 52%List: $159.15 Save: $82.20
- New
Part #: 1AZMX00107.W3C Web Services Workshop Position Paper
James Tauber, Bowstreet
The information stored in a registry can typically be modeled as a collection of resources with properties. This is true regardless of whether the underlying implementation of the registry is a relational database, directory service or otherwise.
The Resource Description Framework (RDF) provides:
RDF, therefore, provides a means of representing registry information as well as defining schemata for specific registries.
What is needed is a protocol for accessing such a registrya means by which RDF-based information may be queried and modified. Too often, a registry protocol is specific to the schema of the registry. I would like to suggest an architecturally cleaner approach where a generic protocol is define that enables querying and modification of any RDF-based information, regardless of schema.
The definition of an application-specific registry then becomes simply a matter of defining an RDF schema for the information to be contained in the registry. The registry access protocol would be generic and not tied to the particular application.
The data model of RDF is very similar to that of a directory information base in X.500 or LDAP. For this reason, it may be possible to leverage LDAP in the design of the generic RDF-access protocol. The Directory Services Markup Language (DSML), version 2 of which is being developed under OASIS, is defining a series of XML messages for querying and modifying LDAP directories. This work would potentially be a valuable input to the RDF-based registry access protocol work being proposed in this paper.
It is envisaged that the protocol would be a lightweight set of W3C XML Protocol messages.
Note that separate to this proposal, but related, is the notion that web service descriptions should be in RDF.iGATE to Host Investors and Analysts Day on May 15
BRID.<<Police shoot attacking 'pit bull'
Police have shot dead a dog in Belfast after it mauled a family pet in front of children.
Officers went to the Donegall Pass area after local people reported seeing the animal, believed to be a pit bull terrier, in Vernon Street on Sunday.
They arrived to find it attacking a small white dog and discharged a number of shots.
Officers are investigating reports that the animal also tried to attack children.
Peter Pollock, who lives in the area, saw what happened.
"I didn't have the nerve to go over and attack the dog to try and help the other dog. Had it been a child, I might have thought different.
"But the dog was there for seven and a half to 10 minutes, just tearing the other dog to bits. All the children were watching. It was scaring the kids - the state that the other dog was in."
Some local authorities in Northern Ireland have introduced amnesties on dangerous dogs.
Owners of pit bull terriers and other illegal dogs can hand them in without fear of prosecution for a limited period.
In January, the Ballymena council became the first in the UK to hold such an amnesty.
It followed a pit bull attack on a family in the county in November.
Sean and Deirdre Doherty, their son Ben and a family friend escaped with only minor injuries after an horrific attack by a pit bull-type dog in Randalstown Forest Park.
Their pet labrador, Troy, was killed in the attack. ... 285845.stmNorth Vancouver, BCCanada v7m 3p2
February 10, 2013
All of the listed activities that this group offers
yes
50 plus alway love to be on the go doing something with a great fun active group.
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyWe have focused on identifying additional surgical procedures for our proprietary formulations, beyond the initial indication for use in the prevention of infection associated with abdominal surgery. We evaluate and prioritize additional surgical procedures based on the likelihood of the patient contracting a post-surgical infection in a certain type of surgery, the length of the post-surgical hospital stay and the potential to shorten the stay with RUT58-60, the likelihood of patient readmission following discharge due to having contracted a post-surgical infection and general feedback from surgeons regarding the anticipated clinical impact of a product such as RUT58-60 being used following other types of surgical procedures. Based on our initial research and development, following abdominal surgery, we are evaluating the various formulations for prevention or treatment of infection following cardiovascular procedures and orthopedic amongst others.DONATE!
DONATE!
Financial Reporter, Washington Post
Financial reporter for the Washington Post
Federal Unemployment Benefits to be Extended, Yet Again
8 MIN, 35 SEC
Mar 09, 2010
'Cash for Clunkers' Gets More Cash
6 MIN, 22 SEC
Jul 31, 2009
Shell's Risky Return to the Arctic
52 MIN, 2 SEC
May 14, 2015
NSA, Immigration and Nice Nails
28 MIN, 49 SEC
May 08, 2015
The Pope, the Palestinians and Middle-East Peace
52 MIN, 1 SEC
May 18, 2015
Judicial Independence Gets an Angry Challenge in Orange County
20 MIN, 42 SEC
May 12, 2015Behind The Scenes Of Stafford Brothers, Lil Wayne & Christina Milian’s “Hello” [Video]
In the video above, you can watch some behind the scenes footage from Stafford Brothers‘ “Hello” video shoot featuring their YMCMB label-mates Lil Wayne and Christina Milian.
I wasn’t going to post this up at first because we don’t see too much of Weezy F Baby in the clip, but it’s been a slow few days with Tunechi updates.
In other Wayne news, he will be featured on Audio Push‘s “Space Jam” single, which is due to drop soon!Coconut-Lemon Cheesecake Dessert Recipe
Ingredients
- 1-1/2 cups all-purpose flour
- 1 cup flaked flaked coconut, toasted
Directions
- Place the flour, coconut, butter and confectioners' sugar in a food processor; cover and process until combined. Press into an ungreased 13-in. x 9-in. baking dish. Bake at 350° for 15-20 minutes or until lightly browned.
- In a small bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs, lemon juice and peel just until combined. Pour over crust. Bake for 18-20 minutes or until edges are lightly browned and filling is set.
- Combine the sour cream, sugar and vanilla; spread over filling. Sprinkle with coconut. Bake 10 minutes longer. Cool on a wire rack. Refrigerate for at least 4 hours before cutting. Yield: 15 servings.
Sweet White Wine
Enjoy this recipe with a sweet white wine such as Moscato or a sweet Riesling.
Reviews for Coconut-Lemon Cheesecake Dessert
AVERAGE RATING
MY REVIEW
Sort By :
."
"Was the hit of a small dinner party!!IEveryoneraved;;I give this one 10 stars;;yummy;yummy"
."
Thanks! Why are you flagging this item?
Cancel
Video Details
- Video ID#:
- 780878
- Number of Views:
- 228
- Model Released:
- No
- Downloads:
- 3
- Property Released:
- No
- Date Uploaded:
- 20 Jul 2010
- Date Created:
- 2010 July -
- Frame Rate:
- 25 FPS
- Matte attached:
- No
- Alpha channel:
- No
- Seamless Looping:
- No
- Duration:
- 00:00:11,20
- Audio:
- none
Description
In the Ecuadorian Upper Amazon, Napo Province
Location: Jatun Sacha Reserve, Ecuador
Source: Canon T2i
Tags for this Video
Related Clips
More From Artist
Load more resultsTRENTON — The Obama administration has freed New Jersey and nine other states from the requirements of a sweeping federal education law that was widely criticized for labeling some of the state’s top school districts as "failing."
To win the reprieve, the state submitted a detailed blueprint on how it would boost student achievement without the decade-old law, known as No Child Left Behind. New Jersey plans to reward high-performing schools and could force low-performing ones to remove ineffective teachers, according to the application. Gov. Chris Christie heralded the approval as a sign the Obama administration supports his education-reform agenda, which includes overhauling tenure and ending a practice that forces districts to lay off teachers with the fewest years of experience before more senior staff, regardless of ability.
"This is not about Democrats or Republicans — it is about pursuing an agenda in the best interest of our children whose educational needs are not being met, and those who are getting a decent education but deserve a great one," Christie said in a statement.
In a conference call, federal Education Secretary Arne Duncan said the country must reduce its drop-out rate, improve achievement of low-performing students, close the achievement gap between minority and nonminority students and graduate all students ready for college and careers.
"We must get better, and we must get better faster," Duncan said.
Also approved for waivers are Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma and Tennessee. The only state that sought the waiver and did not earn it yet is New Mexico, although Duncan said it is close to approval.
No Child Left Behind requires all students statewide to be proficient in math and reading by 2014. It breaks out "subgroups" such as special education, and categorizes by race and ethnicity, and it labels schools or districts as "in need of improvement" if only a few students do not reach the mark. Districts with schools considered in need of improvement for multiple years in a row are deemed "failing."
Without the waiver, it would be nearly impossible for New Jersey to comply by 2014 because 55 percent of the state’s public schools have students who do not meet the standard, test data show.
New Jersey proposed a new accountability system that would group schools into three tiers based on students’ standardized test performance.
The 5 percent of schools with the lowest test scores would be deemed "priority," and another group with low graduation rates or wide achievement gaps would be considered "focus." The state’s best schools would be called "reward." Many schools would not be in any category.
New Jersey provided some clarifications to its original plan, at the request of the federal Education Department. Among them, the state said noncategorized schools could land in priority or focus groups after two years of low performance. It also set exit criteria for schools to work their way out of the low-rated groups.
Under the application, priority schools could be forced to fire principals, remove ineffective teachers and extend the school day. The state has threatened to block these schools from receiving some federal funding if they do not improve. Reward schools would be given financial bonuses.
Interventions for priority schools will begin this fall, but they may have limited impact if legislation is not enacted to overhaul teacher tenure.
The Newark-based Education Law Center criticized the waiver as "policymaking behind closed doors." Stan Karp, a director there, called it "a missed opportunity to learn from a decade of policy failure under NCLB."
The Garden State Coalition of Schools, which represents suburban districts, said the waiver does away with the negative "labeling" of No Child Left Behind, however.
"This will be a welcome relief to schools that have not been making adequate yearly progress (AYP) while the overwhelming majority ... of their students are reaching AYP requirements," executive director Lynne Strickland said.
In West Orange, where there is one school "in need of improvement," Superintendent Anthony Cavanna said the waiver will usher in "good things that will help us move forward. With the new curriculum interventions we are developing, we should be able to focus the majority of our efforts on increasing student achievement."
Staff writer Jeanette Rundquist contributed to this report.Home Video Posted February 23, 1998 and updated on May 1, 2009 Movie Info Full Review Overall C+ Ed (Kel Mitchell), a frantic fanatic fast-food employee working for a typical by-the-road burger joint called Good Burger, loves his job so much he even showers in his uniform. Violence B- Sexual Content B- Profanity B Substance Use -- The Guide to our Grades Good BurgerGoat Cheese Lettuce Cups Recipe
The slight, peppery bite of a radish goes surprisingly well with the crunch of a juicy apple. Bring the two together in a light, lemony dressing, and sprinkle with goat cheese. —Tom Faglon, Somerset, New Jersey
Ingredients
-
Directions
- Goat Cheese Lettuce Cups
AVERAGE RATING
MY REVIEW
Please Log In or Join to add a rating and review.
Click stars to rate
Any changes to your rating or review will appear where you originally posted your review
Supervisor Instructions
Once a candidate is selected please have them complete the new hire packet. Supervisors are responsible for reviewing all employee paperwork to ensure correctly completed forms.
- Application for Employment
- Confidentiality Agreement
- Federal (Form W-4 (2013)
- State of MI (Form MI W-4
- Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification
- Payroll Direct Deposit (FA-1012)
- Non-U.S. Citizen Employee Tax Assessment (International Applicants only)
Based on the students' eligibility please follow the correct hiring procedure.
Hiring Process
U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents
Hiring Department > Provost Office > Human Resources > Financial Aid
International Applicants (including Canada)
Hiring Department > Office of Career Services > Provost Office > Human Resources
U.S. Citizens and Permanent Residents
- With the student hiring packet Include all copies of authorized documents required for the hiring process.
- Direct Supervisors must complete the Request for Personnel Action Form (RPA).
- The hiring packet and RPA are required to be sent together via interdepartmental mail to the Provost's Office ATTN: Debbie Pryzbylo.
Note: A blank "voided" check must be included with the direct deposit form.
Documents
Hiring Procedure for Student Employees
Request for Personnel Action Form (RPA)
Authorization Form F-1/J-1
I-94
(Entries from June 2013 to present will be digital)
International Applicant (including Canada)
- International student employees are required to obtain a social security card from the Social Security Administration Office. Two letters of authorization are required to apply. The hiring Department should.
- Once the student obtains the SSN the new hire paperwork can be completed & sent to HR..
Students are not authorized to begin work until the social security card has been authorized and all paperwork has been processed by the Human Resource Department.
For questions pertaining to the hiring process please contact either the Office of Career Services, C404 at 248.204.3140 ltuocs@ltu.edu or The Department of Human Resources 248.204.2151
Hired a new student assistant?
LTU prides itself on providing employment opportunties ettiquete
- Message composition
- First impression presentation
The Office of Career Services provides many opportunties and events to develop students professionally. If you need assistance with training your student assistant please feel free to contact the Office of Career Services at ltuocs@ltu.edu or 248-204-3140.We interrupt “baiyon week” to bring you some important news.
The limited release XI Chips -Final Fantasy XI Chiptune- is about to have four other albums join the fold.
For the Final Fantasy 25th Anniversary Gallery in Shibuya (happening next week, Aug 31 – Sept 2), there will be a special “market” section set up. At that place, for that event, Square Enix will be selling Final Fantasy VII Chips, Final Fantasy VIII Chips, Final Fantasy IX Chips, and Final Fantasy X Chips. Well, if you’re going to milk a genre of arranged music, may as well go all out, right?
No information yet on who will be participating on these albums, but we won’t be surprised to see the individuals who worked on SQ Chips, SQ Chips 2, and XI Chips making multiple appearances on these albums, which will sell for 2100 yen each at the event.
Source: AndriasangTags: Chips, Chiptunes, Final Fantasy, News, Square Enix
argggg anyone going? i pay for you picking up them! =p
SQUARE-ENIX PLEASE RELEASE THESE DIGITALLY SO I MAY OWN THEM.
Oh god, I hope they put these on iTunes or Amazon. The Chips albums are some of the best arrangements S-E has done in decades.
For those who would like to see SqEx put these up for digital purchase, spoilers: they won’t.
I don’t know why they insist on making these AMAZING arrange albums and then not letting ANYONE buy them. It’s like they don’t like money or something.
[...] OSV, adriansang SharePrintEmailTwitterFacebook No Comments by pavel on August 24, 2012 [...]
Yes! the E-store will have all 4 albums for sale. Unfortunately they’re exclusive releases like FFXI Chips. Special Request it is from CDJ.JENNIFER GUSTAVSON FILE PHOTO | Georgette Keller, president of the Jamesport Civic Association and a leader of ‘Save Main Road.’
To the editor:
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you for the honor of being named “Civic Person of the Year.” It is both humbling and inspiring. Humbling because I know I do not do this work alone; the community I live in has many footmen who work tirelessly with me. Inspiring because we all need a pat on the back to know that what we give up our leisure and, sometimes, family time for is so worth it.
Thank you to whoever nominated me. Thank you to the paper for choosing me. Thank you to the community for believing in me and working with me. Thank you to my family for putting up with many nights a week at meetings. Thank you to members of Jamesport-South Jamesport Civic and Save Main Road for coming out when we post “Occupy Town Hall.” Thank you to Group for the East End, North Fork Environmental Council, Riverhead Neighborhood Preservation Coalition and the Sound Park Heights Civic for your unflagging support, thank you to all of my fellow members of the Landmarks and Preservation Commission and anyone else I’ve accidentally omitted. Thank you to the parish of St. Isidore Church and St. Isidore School. Your faith is deep and wide and comforting to my soul, and I consider it a privilege to serve you.
And I want to thank Angela DeVito and Donna Schmitt for pulling off the best surprise celebration ever! You made me know that I am doing exactly what I was meant to do. I really want everyone who works with me professionally and in the community to know as much as I do. We make a difference — every day — in the quality of life here in our town for today and for the future. This ought to be a great new year!
Georgette Keller
CALVERTON
To read all of the letters to the editor, pick up a copy of this week’s Riverhead News-Review on newsstands or click on the E-Paper.TOLL FREE 1.800.783.6664
Voice: 813.971.5001 Fax : 813.971.5117
sales@omnicontrols.com
Price starts at
$989.00
Product Code : AS* 2014 Omni Controls, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Ecommerce Website Design By - Genesis Web Designs
script asyncFormer World No. 1 Ana Ivanovic insisted she still had the game to challenge for grand slam titles after booking a spot in the second round of the Pan Pacific Open on Monday.
The, said.
"I already achieved two of my biggest dreams in winning a Grand Slam and being No. 1 US.
Photograph: Matthew Stockman/Getty Images
this
Comment
articleIt’s not often that I get to take my camera out ‘just for fun’ anymore, I don’t find the time. But last night I was invited along to see FJORDS play with In The Firing Line, Samoan, Cut Ribbons & Freeze the Atlantic – an awesome 5 band line-up! – at Newport’s 200 club. The venue was standard; beer served in cans, sticky floor and toilets you hold your breath in yet there was something quite special about this venue. It might have been the plastic sheeting that was taped to the ceiling above the stage, but more than one local described the place to me as “the new TJs, innit” and I think that there’s something in that.
Anyway, took some photos, here are a few choices that I’ve come in on a warm evening to select.The table below looks at the statistics for Mercurial skills in IT jobs advertised for the Uxbridge region. Included is a guide to the average salaries offered in IT jobs that have cited Mercurial over the 3 months to 22 May Mercurial across the Uxbridge region as a proportion of the total demand within the Development Applications category.
This chart provides the 3-month moving average for salaries quoted in permanent IT jobs citing Mercurial across the Uxbridge region..
Buy Together
$7.95
$24.99
Simply Classic Nutcracker Duets
with
Hammerhead Music Stand Light
Buy both for $32.94
Customers Who Bought Simply Classic Nutcracker Duets Also Bought:
Easy Christmas Duets
$8.99
Disney Duets (1 Piano, Four-Hands)
$12.95
Sleigh Ride (Piano, Four-Hands)
$5.99
Double Your Fun - Easy Movie Duets ...
$7.95
The Nutcracker Suite for Two
$8.95
Carol of the Bells
$4.99
The Nutcracker Suite, Op. 71a - One...
$9.99 $7.99
Music for Little Mozarts Little Moz...
$7.95
The Nutcracker Suite
$6.99
The Nutcracker Suite (Solo Piano)
$8.95
The Nutcracker Suite
$7.99
The Nutcracker Activity Book, Book ...
$7.99
FunTime Christmas
$6.99
The Magic of Christmas, Book 1
$7.99
Celebrated Christmas Duets, Book 2
$8.50
The Nutcracker Suite
$7.99
A Simply Classic Nutcracker
$7.95
Duet Fantasy on Jingle Bells
Tagged Photos
Viewing Photos Tagged as: business
- Independent Order of St. Luke Staff
- IOSL employees working in supply room at St. Luke Hall.
- 1917 50th Anniversary Golden Jubilee Historical Report of the IOSL
- Interior of St. Luke Penny Savings Bank.Bank , st luke , african american , business , Maggie Walker
- St. Luke Emporium and Employees.
- St. Luke Penny Savings Bank entrance with staff.
- Maggie Walker c. 1917
- Maggie Walker and St. Luke office workers c. 1917
- IOSL Accounting Department in the St. Luke building.
- Supply Room in the St. Luke building.
- Stenographer's Office in the St. Luke building.
- IOSL staff work in the St. Luke office.
- Independent Order of St. Luke accounting room.
- Maggie Walker in her office in the St. Luke building.
- "St. Luke Herald" newspaper office.Give your MacBook the protection it needs with sophisticated style. The Incase Hammered Hardshell Case for 15" MacBook Pro Retina features a highly textured surface that mimics impressions from a metalsmith’s hammer. The durable injection-molded construction offers a precise fit and unobstructed access to all ports, lights and buttons. Rubberized feet provide excellent desktop grip and allow cooling air circulation.
Compatibility
15" MacBook Pro RetinaFor Federal, State, Local, Tribal, and Territorial Officials
Guy Delius, Standards Implementation Staff Bio
Guy F. Delius, R.S.
CSO Standard Specialist
Louisville, KY
502-425-0069 x1034
OP, Standards Implementation Staff Roles & Responsibilities:
Assigned States: Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia
SME for MFRPS Standards 1 & 10
Biography:
- Joined FDA Office of Partnerships in December 2010
- Consumer Safety Officer: Manufactured Foods Regulatory Program Standards (MFRPS) Specialist-Standards Implementation Staff.
- Office: Louisville, Kentucky. FDA Louisville Resident Post within the Cincinnati District.
- Provides regulatory program leadership support to state programs, federal partners and other stakeholders. Enhance federal-state communications and collaborations by facilitating state participation and conformance with the food regulatory standards. Encourages a fully integrated food safety system.
- Working in OP to further develop the MFRPS and outreach programs as part of FDA’s mission and ongoing initiatives regarding federal-state integration.
Prior to FDA:
Retired in December 2010 from the Kentucky Department for Public Health with experiences as county retail food inspector, state food inspector, state food inspector supervisor, state food program administrator, state food program manager, assistant public health division director and director of the Division of Public Health Protection and Safety. The Division Director position included statewide program oversight of Food Safety, Milk Safety, Radiation Health, Environmental Management, Public Health and Safety branch programs and managing a direct staff of 78 professionals. Oversight also included the local health agency programs for retail food and environmental health programs encompassing 120 counties, 56 health jurisdictions and some 250 registered sanitarians-county retail food inspectors.
- Many on the job experiences including assembling and leading an EMAC team of 17 environmental strike team members to assist the state of Mississippi after hurricane Katrina.
- Association of Food and Drug Officials (AFDO) Executive Board of Directors (term completed 2011).
- Association of Food and Drug Officials (AFDOSS): President
- Kentucky Public Health Association: President
- Kentucky Association of Milk, Food and Environmental Sanitarians: President
- Direct work in several natural disasters at State Emergency Operations Center as state health representative.
Education/brief professional credentials:
- BS Environmental Resources
- Registered Environmental Health Specialist Sanitarian (R.S.)
- Certified Manager in Fundamental programs.
-Primary schools could be told to scrap some traditional subject-based lessons and replace them with "personal development" classes to encourage children to improve their social and practical skills.
Parents, teachers and pupils, who took part in an in-depth consultation that feeds into the biggest ever official review of the primary curriculum, argued that the number of subjects taught to very young people should be reduced.
The subjects most likely to be culled might include history, geography, design and technology, and RE.
The review, being conducted by the government's schools' guru Sir Jim Rose, will consider how to redesign the primary school day to tackle concerns that too many pupils leave primary school unable to read, write and do maths at the level expected of them.
It will also address criticisms that pupils are expected to study so many subjects there is little time for creative learning and play for very young children.
The 60 focus groups brought together 1,500 parents, pupils and school staff and is expected to heavily influence the thinking of the Rose review, which the government is promising to back. An interim report is due next month.
Instead of a broad range of subjects, pupils should study in-depth literacy and numeracy lessons alongside a more creative curriculum that encourages pupils to develop personal, learning and thinking skills, they say in a report of the focus groups published this week.
Such lessons might include "healthy lifestyles, sex and relationships education, drugs and alcohol education, philosophy, self-esteem and helping children to understand multiple cultural identities", the document says.
There was an "almost unanimous" opinion that reading and writing would improve if schools focused more on speaking and listening skills, it says.
The report suggests that the final review should recommend that the curriculum focuses less on subject matter and more on helping pupils developing understanding of concepts and skills.
John Bangs, head of education at the National Union of Teachers, said: "Child and personal development as priorities have been shamefully neglected in recent years in the rush to hit targets in the basics.
"We are all social beings and steps to that need to learned at home and in school.
"However space and time has to be made for working with children. The worst thing would be to evaluate child development through the meat-grinder of the current high stakes testing system. That would undermine the capacity of teachers to meet children's unique needs."
The shadow schools minister, Nick Gibb, said: "If the primary curriculum is watered down so lessons on lifestyle are given the same status as traditional subjects it is the most disadvantaged children who will be worst affected.
"Children are not able to personally develop and succeed in the future if they don't have a grasp of basic subjects such as maths and English early on in primary school.
"Removing rigour from the primary curriculum would increase the inequality gap between less well-off pupils and the rest."
A spokeswoman for the Department for Children, Schools and Families (DCSF) said: "This is a summary of stakeholders' views, not the views of the Qualifications and Curriculum Authority or the DCSF, and has been submitted to Sir Jim Rose's review as evidence to consider."Oye! Travel
Monk
A wonderful smile and a lovely lady, my boat driver wouldn’t let me out. Tonle Sap, Cambodia, photograph by Dennis Jarvis (some rights reserved). Dennis used a Nikon D300 DX 12.3MP. Google Maps
By Stephen Pate, NJN Network
Everything She Could by Thomas Hawk from his album CN Tower Toronto. (Creative commons license) Shot taken with Canon EOS 5D Mark II Full Frame DSLR using a EF24mm f/1.4L lens. Some great photographers claim you only need two fixed lens to take the best
Dennis Jarvis captures the classic shot of Machu Picchu Peru – “Machu Picchu means “Old Peak” and the higher Huayna Picchu “Young Peak” stands vigil over it.,” writes
An Airport Named After Ronald Reagan from the album Airports. Flickr photos by Thomas Hawk – (Creative Commons non-$). Thomas Hawk uses a Canon EOS 5D Mark III.
By Stephen Pate, NJN NetworkFoster City, Calif. (PRWEB) April 23, 2012
Schools.com, a definitive digital resource for education, released an infographic exploring how social media is transforming news consumption in the U.S. Nearly 30 percent of Americans regularly turn to social media for information on current events, according to "That's old news! How social media is replacing traditional journalism as a news source.”
A 2012 report from the research firm Ask Your Target Market found that more than half of Americans have seen breaking news on a social media site before hearing about it via traditional news outlets. The most popular social media network for news was Facebook, with 55 percent of Americans reporting that they have used the network as a news source.
"The way that people -- especially young people -- consume information has changed dramatically," said Seth Restaino, spokesperson for Schools.com. "When there's a breaking news story, people turn to Facebook instead of CNN. It's remarkable."
Although social media empowers individuals to report news stories more quickly than traditional media organizations, the infographic also illustrates how the lower barriers to publishing may result also in lower quality news reporting.
"In addition to highlighting interesting insights about the way social media is used as a news source, the Schools.com infographic points out the fundamental flaw: reliability," said Restaino. "When it comes to being reliable, traditional news sources clearly trump social media."
For news related to this infographic and other information about online schooling and education news, follow Schools.com on Pinterest and @SchoolsEdu on Twitter and become a fan.
# # #In 1881, Abner J. Tower developed his Fish Brand mustard yellow Pommel Slicker. The material was basically what many of us have known as oil cloth, which had an aromatic fish smell. It was more flexible than the rubberized material that Goodyear patented in 1844, so was still much more desirable. Wyoming Traders created a fabric specifically produced to replicate the original linseed oiled slickers, but to have modern attributes (and no fishy smell). The unique cotton muslin material is hand painted with waterpoof acrylic latex coating and will not crack when cold or stick when hot. As the fabric is not made of plastic or nylon, it is more durable and can be easily repaired if torn.
The slicker is split for mounted use and large enough to cover the entire saddle; ideal protection for inclement weather. The historic styling features a double bib front closure with sewn-on metal buttons; one set for riding and a closer set for walking. It has a traditional red wool collar that snugs around the neck and two flap pockets.25 Easy to Make Homemade Jewelry Crafts
Bonus: Get our newsletter & special offers for free. We will not share or sell your email address. View our Privacy Policy
Snowflake Stamp Necklace
By: Cindy Morris for Rings & Things
We are adding the craft to your Craft Projects.
The project was added to your Craft Projects.
You must be logged in to save a project. Login | Register
Celebrate the holidays with this jewelry craft project from Rings & Things, featuring a stamped metal charm with "Let it Snow." This cute snowflake Christmas necklace will have you humming Christmas carols. For another great stamped metal project for Christmas, see the Merry Christmas Stamped Necklace.
Materials:
- 1"x 1" 64-519 24-gauge sheet metal, sterling silver
- 1 06-704-25-02 25mm Swarovski® crystal snowflake pendant, crystal/aurora borealis
- 1 37-048-5 Large triangle bail, sterling silver
- 2 37-290-459 5.9mm round jump rings, Argentium® sterling silver
- 1 50-340 1.2mm 20" faceted ball chain necklace, sterling silver
- flat-nose pliers
- shears (#69-230)
- letter stamps (#69-240-00-L, #69-240-01)
- hole punch (#69-235)
Instructions:
- Cut the 24-gauge sterling sheet into a 1"x 1"square.
- Use the technique for metal stamping to create the stamped metal charm.
- Attach the round jump rings to the holes punched in the top, and slide on the ball chain necklace.
- Attach the crystal snowflake to the pendant using a triangleKorn will issue a new live set titled “The Path Of Totality Tour – Live At The Hollywood Palladium” on September 04th. Capturing a December 06th, 2011 show the band played in Hollywood, CA, the release will be made available on Blu-ray & DVD.
A bonus live audio CD will also accompany the footage, while extras included in the set will consist of interviews with the band. The track listing for the release can be found below:
01 – “Get Up!”
02 – “Kill Mercy Within”
03 – “Illuminati”
04 – “Chaos Lives In Everything”
05 – “My Wall”
06 – “Way Too Far”
07 – “Narcissistic Cannibal”
08 – “Here To Stay”
09 – “Freak On A Leash”
10 – “Falling Away From Me”
11 – “Predictable”
12 – “Another Brick In The Wall” (Pink Floyd cover)
13 – “Shoots And Ladders”
14 – “One” (Metallica cover)
15 – “Got The Life”
16 – “Blind“His story
Banker Jerry Yu, 27, originally from Manila in the Philippines, moved to London from Dublin in 2008. He is currently in a relationship.
I met Vernice in high school back in the Philippines. It was a classic campus crush: she was part of the "gorgeous group", always surrounded by guys. I was really attracted to her and wanted to get to know her but felt intimidated. She had a bit of a mean streak back then - she was direct, quick to tell you to take a hike if she didn't like you. She was definitely more noticeable for her looks but she didn't seem to relish it and I liked that about her.
Eventually I managed to get her number from a mutual friend and I called her that summer almost every day. We became close friends. I still think that's one of my proudest achievements: Vernice wasn't the most sociable person; she built a wall around her, she didn't let everyone in. But I got past it and found she was very genuine - no pretension at all.
We lost touch when we went to university. After graduation we both started out on different careers, and I didn't really think about her much. Then by chance we met again in 2006. I was on a business trip to Korea and I bumped into her at the airport, where she was working for an airline. It was one of those rare, cinematic moments; all my memories from school came rushing back. She looked great. We had a quick chat and I gave her my business card; as soon as I got back from my trip I rang her up and we started dating.
Our first kiss was on our third date. We had just come out of a club in Manila and it was raining pretty hard, and there was a street performer playing a love song - it was kind of cheesy, we were dancing in the rain, the moment felt right.
I was away quite a bit on business trips that year, and then I got the opportunity to move to Dublin with work. We knew the relationship would suffer but it didn't put us off - we definitely went for it. It was fine for a while, but towards the end things were not going so smoothly - I wasn't around when she needed me and vice versa.
We kept trying, but the final blow came when I moved to London. We were having arguments over petty things, we were never face-to-face, and it's a lot harder to work things out on MSN. Communication is always at a premium in long-distance relationships, and we realised it wasn't working out. It had lost its lustre. I kept asking myself: "Is this relationship really working? Is it still worth salvaging?" After a while I felt like I just didn't know her any more, and she said she felt the same.
She took the first step to end it. I didn't feel that bad; it was more of relief than anything, both because it had ended and that we both felt the same. It would have been much harder if only one of us wanted to give up.
I was really shocked to hear that she was moving to London at the start of this year. It was more of a career move for her rather than because I was here, but I suppose it might have been a factor, so I was definitely excited about it. It was good to see her; we went out a couple of times. I did feel a kind of tension, a constant temptation to try and get back with her, but I knew that meant being unfaithful to my current girlfriend. In the end I decided the magic wasn't really there any more; it wasn't worth it. I'm more attracted to the person I'm seeing now, if I'm honest.
I told Vernice about my new girlfriend in London straightaway - I wanted to clear the air. When she found I was seeing someone else she wished me the best of luck, but I don't know whether deep inside she really meant it or whether she was jealous - I suppose you never do.
Her story
Business studies student Vernice Salaya, 27, also from Manila, moved to London in early 2009. She is currently single.
What you see is what you get with Jerry: he's a really driven person, very strong-willed, ambitious, a real go-getter. I first saw him in the second year of school. I think he was interested, but I was with someone else. I didn't really fancy him; I thought he was a bit arrogant. But I got to know him one summer and I found he was quite a character. We stayed friends at school but lost touch at university.
The meeting at the airport was really funny; I was so shocked! There was some small talk and he gave me his business card. It was a coincidence but didn't strike me as romantic. I didn't really think that we would start dating. It wasn't until after, when the communication was consistent, that I thought something might happen.
Even from the start he travelled most of the year with work, but whenever he came to Manila we went out. He was romantic, very thoughtful; he would bring me things to my office. Our first kiss was memorable: we danced to the tune of a busker in the rain on our third date. I felt it would last, but things changed and the distance came between us. With all the work opportunities that came our way, we just couldn't prioritise each other.
When he first told me he was moving to Ireland, I was devastated. I knew he would be exposed to a different lifestyle and wouldn't be coming back regularly. The first few months were the hardest. I was really lonely, I couldn't focus on my work, I was desperately distracted, very anxious - it took me months to adjust. But then gradually I got used to the set-up we had and I tried to stay busy with my own work.
I was determined to make it work. He tried too, but gradually things changed. He was having such a good time in Dublin and although I was happy for him it affected the relationship. T he culture there is different - he was going out drinking after work and every weekend. There seemed to be constant arguments - I'd miss his calls sometimes and he'd get pissed off and not bother to call again. I felt neglected; he didn't make enough time for me. Communications collapsed, and it became very cold between us.
Then he moved to London and I didn't really think I could cope with another move, another adjustment. I thought about breaking up with him many times, wondering whether it would be a good move, how I would feel, but I knew the relationship wasn't healthy any more. Once I'd made the decision to do it, I really didn't know how to begin to tell him, but I'm glad that he accepted it. It was sad - we'd both made a lot of effort - but I'm glad we split up when we did; we managed to save the friendship that way.
Then my aunt offered to sponsor me to study in London. I arrived early this year. I was really excited, and I suppose I still hoped we could rekindle the relationship. There came a point where I opened up to him and asked whether we could work it out again. He said he was already with someone else. Secretly I was disappointed and a little bit hurt; I thought I could be his girlfriend again. The fact that he'd moved on only a few months after our break-up made me suspicious. I began to question his sincerity in the relationship leading up to that point - I just couldn't work out he could recover that fast.
Now I'm really happy for him. He's got much more confidence now and he's really enjoying life away from home. I'm not dating anyone yet - it's very different here - but I'm done with relationships. I'm just enjoying life being single, being independent - and loving London.Tag archive for ‘trails’
Hiking – Haines Trails
Battery, […]
National Historic Trails – Iditarod
Jurisdiction: Bureau of Land Management Established: 1978 Route: 2,450 miles, main route 900 (3,945 km, main route 1,450) The Iditarod is a system of historic trails made famous by Alaska gold prospectors and their dog teams during the late 19th and early 20th century gold rush. Most of the trail is usable only during Alaska’s […]
Gates […]
Monte Sano State Park
General Location. On Monte Sano Mtn., adjacent to Huntsville. Length & Difficulty: 2 miles; easy. Elevation Change: 200 feet maximum. What’s Special: Interesting rock formation. Topo Maps: Huntsville USGS 7.5 degree quad.
Huntsville Land Trust Trails
The […]
Do not alter the signals or marking of trails
Do_6<< […]The funeral for fallen Covina Police Officer Jordan Corder was held Tuesday October 7, 2014 at First Baptist Church in the City of Pomona, and was followed by a procession to Covina's Forest Lawn Memorial Park where a graveside service with full police honors was conducted. Officer Corder's death resulted from an on-duty traffic collision in the City of Covina on September 30, 2014 at 1:55pm. Officer Corder is a second generation Covina Police Officer who has been an officer since 2007. Officer Corder leaves behind his father, Mark Corder, a retired Covina Police Captain, his mother Diane and his sister Melissa Coterel, who is a Police Dispatcher for the Ontario Police Department.
Jordan was a seven year law enforcement veteran and was assigned to the Traffic Division as a Motorcycle Officer, a position he coveted. Jordan developed his expertise in traffic enforcement, collision and DUI investigations. Officer Corder was recognized earlier this year by Mothers Against Drunk Drivers (MADD), earning the "Century Award", for making 107 DUI arrests during calendar year 2013.
Jordan was an outstanding officer, a true professional and a great friend to many, and will be deeply missed.]
Thank you from Covina PD!
On July 3, 2006, the Covina Police Department laid to rest Sergeant Scott Hanson. Sergeant Hanson was the first Covina Police Department officer to die in the line of duty as the result of a collision that occurred on August 14, 2003. Sergeant Hanson fought valiantly for almost three years before succumbing to the injuries he sustained in the collision. He was a 20 year veteran of the Covina Police Department.
Scott Hanson was a true hero. He participated in the many events at Barranca Elementary School that included The Egg Drop, The Family Camp Out, and Reading with the Kids. He also helped organize the disaster training for the staff in the auditorium and encouraged participation between the school and police department. He often showed up in uniform as he could only stay a short time; however his presence was always welcomed by the children and parents. He had a group of kids he called his "lambs". He watched out for them like a guardian. Since his children, Andrew and Sarah, both attended Barranca School, he often showed up to games or school projects in uniform. His presence instilled in the children that the sight of a police officer was a friend and not a threat. His gentle nature welcomed everyone, including the homeless. One day, at a local church, Scott assisted a homeless man into the bathroom to get cleaned up. Actions such as these captured the compassion of a man who was dedicated to serving the community with honor and integrity.
There are many organizations that support fallen officers...
National Peace Officers Memorial
Concerns of Police Survivors
California Peace Officers Memorial (Cal Peace Of Mem Fund)
Los Angeles County Peace Officers MemorialIncursions believed to be inadvertent: Vice-Admiral Ray Griggs.
A Royal Australian Navy ship captain will be stripped of his command and another will receive a formal warning for his conduct over incursions into Indonesian waters during border protection operations.
The Chief of Navy, Vice-Admiral Ray Griggs, said in a statement on Thursday that he believed the incursions in December and January were inadvertent, but that they were not up to the standard of a navy commander.
Five other ship captains will be counselled. Seven navy ships were involved in the six breaches of Indonesia's maritime boundary, which infuriated Jakarta and caused the Abbott government acute political embarrassment.
"There were, in the Chief of Navy's view, lapses in professional conduct that required action to be taken," the statement reads.
As a result, Admiral Griggs would ''remove one Commanding Officer from his command and another will be administratively sanctioned".
It is understood that the administrative sanction will be in the form of a formal warning and reprimand.
“Each of the Commanding Officers conducted these activities with the best of intent. However, I expect nothing but the highest standards of those in command,” Admiral Griggs said.
It is understood at least some of the incursions happened while asylum-seeker boats were being turned back to Indonesia. A review of the incidents by Defence and Customs found that the breaches is not giving the names of the ships' commanders, nor of the ships themselves.
Furthermore, the statement does not explicitly state why the punishments differ across the seven ship captains involved, though it says that Admiral Griggs had "carefully considered the circumstances of the positioning of each ship" – indicating the captain stripped of his command had made more grievous errors than the others.
Admiral Griggs added that the actions he was taking were ''not punitive in nature but are aimed solely at upholding the professional standards that the Royal Australian Navy is renowned for and that are necessary for it to undertake its mission''.
He said personal accountability was ''a key feature of Navy’s cultural change program''.
A spokesman for Defence Minister David Johnston declined to comment, saying it was a matter for the navy. It is understood the punishment decision was taken wholly by Admiral Griggs and was made independent of the government..Blue-Cloner. Blue-Cloner 5 can copy Blu-ray movies with various protections and region codes without any third party plug-in. In addition, it enables you to remove unwanted audio track(s) and subtitle(s) and optionally remove the TrueHD, DTS-HD Master and LPCM audio to a normal audio format to save space. The perfect output image and audio quality will bring you a happy experience to copy Blu-ray movies. OCT™ enables you to copy latest DVD movies through the optimized module..?
Related: Inception DVD copy | The Twilight Saga: Eclipse Blu-ray copy | Blu-ray to AVCHD | Blu-ray ripperStatement
of Katherine G. Abraham Commissioner of Labor Statistics
On The
Fiscal Year 2001 Request for
Bureau of Labor Statistics
Mr. Chairman and Members of the Committee:
I appreciate this opportunity to discuss the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) appropriation request for 2001.
The BLS is the principal fact-finding agency in the Federal Government in the broad field of labor economics. As such, the BLS collects, processes, analyzes, and disseminates data on employment and unemployment; prices and consumer expenditures; wages and employee benefits; productivity; projections of the labor force and employment by industry and occupation; and occupational injuries and illnesses. Most of the BLS data come from surveys conducted by the BLS field staff, by the Bureau of the Census on a contract basis, or jointly with cooperating agencies of State governments. The BLS strives to have its data satisfy a number of criteria, including relevance to current social and economic issues, timeliness in reflecting today's rapidly changing economy, accuracy and consistently high statistical quality, and impartiality in both subject matter and presentation.
USE OF BLS STATISTICS
The BLS is responsible for some of the Nation's most sensitive and widely used economic data series. These data are a key source of economic intelligence, and represent critical inputs to economic analysis, planning, research, and decision making by businesses, non-profit organizations, governments, employees, and other individuals. BLS data also are used in the development of other important Federal statistics such as the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Both the public and private sectors rely heavily upon BLS data for use in a wide range of sensitive contexts, including wage setting, contract and payment escalation, and the allocation of Federal and State funds. Ensuring the high quality of these indicators is of considerable importance.
BUDGET REQUEST
The BLS 2001 request of $453.6 million and 2,497 FTE (the FTE figure includes staffing for reimbursable activities) would provide the funds necessary to continue core programs that are of vital concern to the Congress, the policy making and program agencies of the Executive Branch, and the public. This level includes program increases that will significantly improve the quality of the information available to both public and private decision-makers. In addition, several recent program initiatives will continue in 2001.
The 2001 budget request includes several new BLS initiatives. One of these initiatives is the inauguration of a new survey measuring how Americans spend their time. This information, which currently is lacking for the United States, will permit a broader assessment of national well-being and national production than is presently possible. Analysts will use these data, combined with demographic information available from the Current Population Survey, to facilitate the examination of how much time is being invested in the care of the young and the elderly in our society; how time use varies between single-parent and two-parent families; how much time people spend building various types of skills; and how much time people spend in various leisure activities, among other questions. The availability of national time-use data will facilitate comparisons of time-use patterns in the United States with patterns in other countries, including augmented GDP-type measures that incorporate estimates of the value of nonmarket work. The program also will provide time-diary estimates of time spent in market work, which the BLS will use to assess the quality of existing estimates of work hours.
The 2001 budget request also includes resources to extend Producer Price Index (PPI) coverage for the first time to the construction sector of the U.S. economy, and to enhance the PPI's service sector coverage. In addition, the requested resources will allow the BLS to develop new industry labor and multifactor productivity series for the service-producing sector.
A third initiative relates to the implementation of the recently passed Workforce Investment Act (WIA) of 1998. Title III, Section 309 of the WIA requires the Secretary of Labor to oversee the development, maintenance, and continuous improvement of a nationwide employment statistics system. The law requires that the first improvement priority for the system be meeting customers' needs for comparable data across States and local areas. The BLS and the Employment and Training Administration (ETA) worked jointly with the States in a Workforce Information Council to develop a proposal that will enhance, expand, and strengthen local area data outputs from BLS Federal-State programs.
As part of this proposal, the BLS will provide technical guidance for a new Federal-State cooperative employment projections program. Because of the current lack of uniform methodological standards, the procedures used to develop and disseminate employment projections vary among States. As a result, the quality of information about future employment opportunities available to the public is not as high as it could be and also varies from State to State. This program enhancement will result in an improved employment projections program in which data generated would be comparable among States, and between States and the Nation.
The BLS also will improve the statistical quality of local area unemployment statistics used to distribute funds for Federal programs. Furthermore, the BLS will provide additional demographic and economic detail regarding local labor markets. This project will enable the BLS to produce more accurate labor force estimates with smaller revisions, improve the targeting of Federal program funds, and increase the quality and quantity of current labor market information for States and local areas.
Finally, the BLS is requesting resources to contract with the National Research Council (NRC) to research ways to expand the Nation's ability to measure discrimination in labor markets and employment relationships.
The budget includes a net increase of $14,993,000 for mandatory cost increases, including Federal pay raises, and increased costs of data collection by the Bureau of the Census and the States under contract with the BLS.
ONGOING INITIATIVES
The BLS will complete the revision of the CPI in 2001 using funds provided in 2000 and continue its further efforts to improve the timeliness and accuracy of the CPI. The BLS also will progress with its work to replace the Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) system with the first version of the new North American Industry Classification System (NAICS) and to expand the Employment Cost Index (ECI) sample. In addition, the BLS will continue to work on the Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey for which it received funding in 1999.
Revisions of the CPI are multiyear efforts. A number of achievements have been made since work began in 1995 on the revision of the CPI. The CPI for the month of January 1998 was calculated using new expenditure weights updated from the 1982 through 1984 period to the 1993 through 1995 period. Effective with data for January 1999, a new sample of housing units and a new estimation methodology are being used to track housing costs. In February 1999, the BLS began using the results from the new Telephone Point of Purchase Survey (TPOPS) to start outlet sample rotation. The telephone-based survey has three advantages over the previous personal visit survey: the results are more comprehensive, the method is more flexible, and the telephone-based survey can be adjusted to replenish samples that experience rapid attrition. In a separate change that was not a part of the Revision as originally conceived, effective with data for January 1999, the geometric mean formula has replaced the arithmetic mean formula in selected categories of the index. The new formula better accounts for consumer substitution in response to relative price change. The last activities associated with the revision will conclude in 2001.
Work also continues on other planned activities associated with the CPI improvement initiative first funded in 1998. These activities include improvements that will make it possible to complete the next CPI weight update more rapidly, improve the measurement of change in the quality of goods and services, provide a basis to bring new goods into the CPI on a more timely basis, and allow the BLS to produce alternate measures of change in the cost of living. The new capacity to develop revised weights will be in place in 2001, and we have announced that the CPI market basket weights will be updated effective with data for January 2002 and every 2 years thereafter. As I believe this brief summary makes clear, the BLS has made, and continues to make, significant technical improvements in the CPI.
In another arena, the BLS will continue its work on replacing the SIC system with the first version of the new NAICS. The new system will reflect the economic and technological changes that have occurred over the past 20 years that are not reflected in the current (outdated) industry classification system. This revision also will provide common industry definitions for Canada, Mexico, and the United States, thereby facilitating economic analyses that cover the whole North American economy. An interagency working group has completed the design of the first version of the NAICS, and the BLS, in order to meet these requirements, must continue the work of recoding each workplace in its establishment list using the new classification system. States are doing this recoding as part of the BLS Federal/State cooperative statistics program and it will be completed in 2001. NAICS-related work will continue beyond 2001 as various programs convert to NAICS through 2003.
As mentioned previously, the BLS also will continue its work to expand the ECI sample. This expansion will allow the BLS to produce more precise indices of the changes in employer wage and benefit costs by major industry and major occupational groups and to produce better annual estimates of employer compensation cost levels. Both employers and employees use the ECI as the only indicator of its kind for tracking changes in labor compensation costs.
We currently are beginning to collect National data on job openings and labor turnover, which can serve as demand-side indicators of labor shortages. The availability of unfilled jobs--the number of job openings or the job openings rate--is an important measure of the tightness of labor markets. The BLS will begin publishing experimental job openings and labor turnover series in 2001 and plans to begin publishing official series in 2003.
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE PLAN
In concert with the Department of Labor's 2001 Annual Performance Plan, achievement of the BLS strategic goals will contribute to the Department's larger commitment to a prepared workforce. The BLS has two strategic goals: produce and disseminate timely, accurate, and relevant economic information; and improve the accuracy and usefulness of our economic measures over time. The 2001 BLS budget and annual performance plan include performance measures related to these goals, such as BLS progress towards replacing the SIC system with the NAICS. The funding requested in this 2001 budget also supports these goals.
SECURITY CONCERNS
I would like to take this opportunity to inform you about the steps the BLS has taken to strengthen the security over its sensitive prerelease economic data. As I reported last year, there were two premature releases of data on the BLS public-access website in 1999. These instances received coverage in the media. The early release of any sensitive data by the BLS is unacceptable and I have taken aggressive steps to tighten our controls. As a result, the BLS has changed its procedures for issuing Principal Federal Economic Indicators. The change in procedures for issuing Principal Federal Economic Indicators is just one of many security improvements the BLS has instituted over the past year. The corrective actions the BLS has taken incorporate recommendations made by the Department of Labor's Office of Inspector General based on an independent review of BLS security.
CLOSING
In summary, Mr. Chairman, the BLS seeks to provide high-quality statistics that are used to make well-informed decisions. Support for the 2001 budget request will enable the BLS to continue production of essential data series; continue with further efforts to improve the CPI and with implementation of the first version of the NAICS; and move forward with other important initiatives. This budget reflects a commitment to maintain and, wherever possible, to improve the programs of the BLS.
Mr. Chairman, I thank you again for the opportunity to discuss the BLS appropriation request for 2001. My staff and I will be pleased to answer any questions the Committee might have.We had a long drive to Valencia but made good time with Paco behind the wheel.
The city was founded in 158BC by the Romans. The Visigoths ruled next, followed by the Muslims. Today the city is beautiful and full of history, blended with modern additions.
We were joined on our tour by Stonehill graduate Jason Lampke '92 who has lived here since 2000. I was able to meet his lovely wife Maria and three children before Jason joined the group for our tour.
Ophelia was our local guide - not short on words, she talked a mile a minute and provided us with some new catch phrases: 6,000 potatoes, flip the omelette, bubs and more!
We drove to the harbor which hosted the 32nd America's Cup in 2007 - providing opportunity for complete restructuring which brought about a boom in tourism. There is a beach right next to the harbor and a Formula One track there as well - with views of the track from yachts in the harbor. We then drove to another new development area that boasts an aquarium, dolphin center, science and research center, an iMax and a spectacular opera house.
We drove by the bull ring which was constructed in the 1850s and is modeled after the Coliseum. Lots of churches - on most every corner in fact! "One to the right, another on the left..."
We concluded our tour at a cafe to enjoy a local drink Orchata. We then said goodbye to Jason (thanks so much for joining us!) and had dinner on our own.
Today was the only bad weather we experienced - light rain until the very end of our walking tour, which brought us rain like cats and dogs - "not just puppies."
Sunday, October 14, 2012
2 comments:
Could you recommend me about food, what is the best and delicious?
loooks goodWho Is "A" on Pretty Little Liars?
Who Is "A"? A Pretty Little Liars History in 2 Minutes
Like us on Facebook
Whether you're a longtime fan or just recently discovered the hit show Pretty Little Liars, at one point you probably got a little confused about the show's villain, "A." Well don't you worry, because we have you covered. We're going to tell you everything you need to know about this mysterious character in two minutes flat.
Transcript
That helps none he is deadMedal of Honor has received a lot of criticism recently, but what does Lee from Nerf the Noob think. Lets find out in Nerf the Noob’s latest video with Lee’s thoughts on MOH Warfighter. Dont forget to subscribe to Nerf The Noob’s YouTube channel if you like what you hear and see.The families of a missing teenage couple who ran away from boarding school to fly to the Dominican Republic were on Wednesday said to be "desperately concerned" as police tried to trace them.
Edward Bunyan and Indira Gainiyeva, both aged 16, disappeared from the prestigious Stonyhurst College in Clitheroe, Lancashire, in the early hours of Monday morning.
After travelling to the nearest airport by taxi, they are now believed to have flown to the Dominican Republic where police are searching for them.
A spokesman for the school told the Telegraph the two families were “desperately concerned” about the teenagers, while their fellow pupils were “increasingly anxious” as time went on.
One friend, however, described their departure as an “incredible stunt”, likening their avoidance of the school’s security measures to “escaping from Alcatraz”.
Edward’s sister-in-law said that while she did not approve of their antics, it sounded like the student was having "quite an adventure”.
The pair, who are reported to have complained to friends about the "cold and rainy" weather in England, were found to be missing from Stonyhurst College at registration on Monday, having left the school by taxi together at around 3am.
They then travelled to Manchester airport, where they are believed to have boarded an aeroplane to the Dominican Republic.
Their school and family have not heard from them since, with friends setting up a #WheresBunyan and #WheresIndira hashtags on Twitter to discuss their escapades.
Victoria Bunyan, the widow of Edward’s older half-brother Christopher, told the Telegraph the teenager had been living abroad for some years.
Saying she had seen Edward's disappearance on the news, she added: ."
She added Edward's father John, known to friends and family as Bunny, had died from cancer in 2007 aged 85. His mother Susannah, Mr Bunyan's third wife who is in her 50s, then enrolled Edward at Stonyhurst before moving nearer her family in Spain.
His other half-brother Michael, who lives in Canada, said he had been made aware of the incident but had not had any contact with Edward. He added the schoolboy had not run away before, as far as he was aware.
A spokesman for Lancashire Police said officers were carrying out “a number of inquiries” to trace the teenagers, to confirm they are safe and well.
Matthew Mostyn, second master at Stonyhurst College, said the student's friends had first viewed their disappearance as an “exciting story” but were now anxious about their whereabouts.
“The families are desperately concerned for them, and our priority is to get them back safely as soon as possible,” he said.
.”
He added other pupils, who said they had no idea of the plan to run away, were increasingly “concerned and anxious” about their friends as time went on.
He told the Telegraph the pupils had left the school in a taxi at around 3am, and were noticed missing at registration the next morning. When they could not be located in the school’s ground, police were alerted.
A police spokesperson said: "A 16-year-old boy and a 16-year-old girl are currently missing from Stonyhurst College at Clitheroe. Both are boarding pupils at the school.
 date."
Stonyhurst College, a Catholic day and boarding school, was founded in 1593 with fees costing up to £29,439 a year. Former pupils include Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and former BBC director general Mark Thompson
More than 400 students attend the college which received an outstanding inspection report in April 2010 from Ofsted.I enjoy your WCW Saturday Night reports, but you missed reporting on the single most exciting event of the evening: the People's Legdrop! It was the first time I had seen Lane use it, and everything from his execution of the move to the announcer's reaction to it had me in stitches. The only thing I want for Christmas? A push for Lenny Lane (and maybe the US title for Jericho).NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Party like it's 2007 because Friday's November jobs report reintroduced the once-proud concept that market action doesn't have to depend on the Federal Reserve. It can actually turn on the companies' fundamentals, their profits and losses, rates of growth.
The United States added 203,000 jobs in November as the unemployment rate dipped to a 5-year low of 7%. Adding elation to the better-than-expected data was an uptick in labor force participation and hourly wages. Analysts said the report marked a critical economic shift five years out from the 2008 financial crisis.
"The exciting part about this is that the market has shifted from strict taper talk to fundamentals," Mike Serio, regional chief investment officer for Wells Fargo Private Banks, said in a phone interview. "That is big; it's almost a paradigm shift."
September and October combined payroll revisions showed a gain of 8,000. On Thursday, revised third-quarter gross domestic product jumped to 3.6% and jobless claims came in much lower than expected. Private payrolls, reported by ADP on Wednesday, surged more than 30,000 above economists' forecast. On Monday, the November Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index hit a two-and-a-half-year high.
A lot of positives. The raft of strong economic data has more optimistic analysts forecasting that the Fed will scale back its economic stimulus program during its upcoming policy-making meeting while more skeptical analysts caution that the central bank is poised to announce that it will begin a so-called tapering in the first quarter of 2014.Open AccessThis article is
Notes: Multiple requests from the same IP address are counted as one view.
- freely available
- re-usable
Molecules 1999, 4(5), 122-125; doi:10.3390/40500122
Obituary
Professor Ta-shue Chou (1950-1999)
Received: 16 April 1999 / Published: 30 May 1999
Download PDF [33. Professor Ta-shue Chou (1950-1999). Molecules 1999, 4, 122-125.View more citation formats
AMA Style
Lin S-K. Professor Ta-shue Chou (1950-1999). Molecules. 1999; 4(5):122-125.Chicago/Turabian Style
Lin, Shu-Kun. 1999. "Professor Ta-shue Chou (1950-1999)." Molecules 4, no. 5: 122-125.
Find Other Styles
Related Articles
Article Metrics
Notes: Multiple requests from the same IP address are counted as one view.News
University makes corporate responsibility shortlist
Pictured with Queen's Shortlist Certificate are the University's Environmental Manager Sara Lynch and Energy Manager Tony Schmidt. Also pictured are Stephen Aston, NIEA, Catherine Mason, Translink and Jim Kitchen, Soil Association
Queen’s has made it onto Business in the Community’s shortlist for its 2012 Regional Impact Awards for corporate responsibility.
The University has been shortlisted in the Environmental Improvement category which is sponsored by Translink.
Queen’s has been shortlisted for its approach to sustainability which includes the development and implementation of a number of strategies and programmes for the University’s most significant environmental impacts. These include: the University’s Environmental Policy, Estates Strategy, Carbon Management Plan, University Travel Plan and Environmental Management System.
The University’s approach has resulted in a number of significant environmental improvements, including:
- Implementation of a 10 year plan to reduce the University’s carbon emissions
- Investment of over £3 million in energy efficiency and low carbon technology projects
- Over 100 staff Environmental Champions and 25 Green Teams across the University
- Increase in the types of waste recycled – leading to a recycling rate of over 50%
- A 15% increase in the number of staff using sustainable transport to and from the University, through provision of travel loans, a ticketing facility at the Students’ Union, approximately 600 cycle parking spaces and cycle schemes for staff and students.
- Increased biodiversity in University areas - with the planting of over 420 native trees at Malone Playing fields and an increase in the planting of native species at Ashby, Lennoxvale and the McClay Library
- 'Design and build' of buildings to a recognised standard of environmental excellence with five ‘BREEAM’ Excellent or Very Good Buildings built to date. These are the McClay Library, Riddel Hall, Anatomy Building, Elms 11 – Postgraduate accommodation and NIACE Bombardier.
Estates Director, Gary Jebb, said: "‘Sustainability’ is at the heart of the University and is identified as a key theme within Queen’s Corporate Plan. We are committed to continually improving our environmental performance and demonstrating our role within the wider community.
“Significant investment has been made to ensure Queen’s delivers on its environmental objectives and I am delighted that our efforts have been acknowledged in the Regional Impact Awards.”
Paul Rooney, Chair of Business in the Community, said: “These awards are about business making a real and tangible difference to the lives of individuals in our society. If ever there was a time that this needed to happen, it is now. These awards are not easily won. They are rigorous and robust and every company, whether shortlisted or a winner, should be proud of its achievement.
The winner will be announced at the Gala Awards Dinner at Titanic Belfast on 31 May 2012.
Related links:You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your ReverbNation experience.
Sep 22
Sounds Like: George Michael, New Radicals, Queen, The Rolling Stones, Prince
Bio: As a child he grew up in the Midwest. Making his way to Indiana where he spent nearly 11 years working as a waiter searching to find his true voice. Years later he landed a role in Showgirls 2 as well as wrote, sang, and produced "Whore of Demons" for it's soundtrack. The song was also featured ...See Full Bio
:
I nominate @jimmystarshow for a Shorty Award in #webshow because of quality guests!!
I have heard this man sing many times, and his vocal range is a "sound to behold." Would not expect any less from "the happiest guy in the world!" Charles Ecker, Music Pu...
You are one hell of an entertainer. Don't stop & keep chasing your dreams. Keep on singing & you have a great voice.Former Tri-City Dust Devil, Russell Wilson, Could be Starting Quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks
Tri-City Dust Devil fans heard a familiar name last month when the Seattle Seahawks drafted Quarterback Russell Wilson out of the University of Wisconsin 75th Overall. Wilson had a short stint in Pasco in 2010 playing Second Base in 32 games for the Dust Devils. Now the Heisman Trophy candidate, who led the Badgers to a Rose Bowl birth against Oregon this past season, is in the running to be the starting QB for the Seattle Seahawks.
Even though The Seahawks went out and signed former Green Bay Packer Matt Flynn to a three-year, $26 million contract, Head Coach Pete Carroll has said that Wilson is “in competition” for the starting job with Flynn and Tarvaris Jackson:
He’s showed us enough. He’s in the competition. And that is going to tax us, as you know. It was already going to be taxing with two. But he’s shown us enough that we need to see where he fits in with these guys.
Carroll said deciding on a starting quarterback will be a long process.
It’s going to take us a long time to do this. It’s going to be frustrating for [the media]. You’re going to keep asking and want to know. I’m just going to be more patient than you can imagine as we go through this process, and we’ll just figure it out when we do.
The 2012/2013 NFL season is still months away, but the Tri-City Dust Devils will be kicking off their season on June 15th against the Everett Aquasox. Get out to GESA Stadium this year, you may not only be watching future Major League Baseball players.
Random note on a local player that you may have seen play at GESA Stadium in recent years…
Travis Buck
The 2002 Richland High Grad had success in college at Arizona State University, won a gold medal at the 2004 World University Baseball Championship. Buck was drafted by the Seattle Mariners in 2002, but opted out to play and attend college. He was drafted again in 2005 by the Oakland Athletics and made his professional baseball debut for the Vancouver Canadians against the Tri-City Dust Devils. Buck didn’t dissapoint his hometown fans, hitting a 3 run HR in just his 3rd at bat. With just 36 at-bats with the Canadians, and quickly moving up through the A’s organization, Buck landed on Oakland’s MLB roster just two seasons later, making his debut against the Seattle Mariners. Buck is currently in the Houston Astros organization.Cordial glass
(c. 1775)
- Artist/s name
-
- Medium
- glass (wheel-engraved)
- Measurements
- 12.8 x 6.7 cm diameter
- Place/s of Execution
- England
- Accession Number
- 1661-D5
- Credit Line
- National Gallery of Victoria, Melbourne
William and Margaret Morgan Endowment, 1968
- Gallery location
- Not on displayI?
Checkin 2011 by NIC_Residence_Life - over 3 years ago
"This is our annual "check-in" photo. This is where we have one more moment of quiet before the chaos of 200 residents moving in! This is a great looking staff, largely in part to our great shirts!?
Lego Robotics - Friendly Competition by Steven Zimmerman - over??
Class of 2014 by Academies@Englewood - over 3 years ago
"This is the class photo of the Academies@Englewood Class of 2014 Students in front of the auditorium! Our experience working with CustomInk was very easy and the printing quality was superior to an..."View full details
Is this photo a winner?
Pine??Get the Best Priced Volvo 262 Transmission Filter
- Fast Shipping
- 30-Day Money-Back Guarantee
- Lowest Prices
Volvo 262 Replacement Transmission Filter Information
Search our online transmission filter catalog and find the lowest priced discount auto parts on the web. We sell wholesale to the public. We offer high quality new, OEM, aftermarket and remanufactured Volvo 262 Trans Filters. We stock transmission filter parts for most Volvo models including S60, S80, 960, 940, 740, 244, 240, XC90, S40, V70, C70, 850, 245, S90, 760, S70, V40, V90, 780, 164, V50, 122, 242, XC70, 1800, C30, 142, 144, DL, 145, 264, 265, GLE and 745.
We stock these Transmission Filter brands for the Volvo 262: Mark Automotive, Pronto, Hastings, Beck Arnley and Fram.
- 81 1981 Volvo 262 Neutral Safety Switch Kaehler
- 81 1981 Volvo 262 Overdrive Relay Kaehler
- 81 1981 Volvo 262 Overdrive Switch Genuine
- 79 1979 Volvo 262 Shifter Bushing MTC
- 79 1979 Volvo 262 Transmission Mount Febi
i've worked all my life and have bought a lot from sellers but never have i ever received such a great price and fast and accurate service in all my 61 years.i checked my credit card to see the cha...
PartsGeek had the best price on the internet, and the parts were received super fast. I had a superb experience with my order and highly recommend PartsGeek to others!Football Job Training
(Train now to scout for the NFL Draft). May qualify for university internship requirements.
This course is for you if you want to pursue a career in professional Football:
· NFL Player Personnel
*NFL Football Operations
· NFL Scout
· NFL Management
· NFL Front Office
· NFL Agent
· NFL Salary Cap Analyst
· NFL Game Operations
· NFL Sports Marketing
· NFL Account Manager
· NFL Media & Community Relations
· NFL, AFL, CFL, UFL, NCAA, or football job advancement opportunities
*NFL Internships,
· Cap value of a player
· In-depth analysis on team spending vs. player production
· In-depth analysis on the draft and free agency trends
· Player contracts, player trades, and acquisitions
· Capology and team contract negotiations
Read an article about one of the many successful graduates here.
Watch this YouTube Video about "How to Become a Football Scout"
Students enjoy networking, learning, and getting to know Mark Dominik,John Wooten, Russ Lande, & Dr. Lashbrook in the live weekly audio chats.
Mark Dominik - former Tampa Bay GM & ESPN Analyst
Mark Dominik, former Tampa Bay Buccaneers General Manager contributed to seven playoff appearances and four division titles for the Bucs. Dominik quickly gained a reputation as one of the NFL’s top talent evaluators, with a keen aptitude for finding late-round gems, in addition to fully utilizing the “second draft”—bringing in rookie contributors through undrafted free agency, scouring the waiver wire and opposing teams’ practice squads.
Mark is excited to mentor Football GM & Scouting students on the player personnel side of the NFL. Mark has a magnetic personality and is well respected throughout the league. Mark will give you confidence and strategies to pursue your passion. Being mentored by Mark Dominik will catapult your resume to the front of the hiring line.
Dominik joined the Buccaneers’ staff at the young age of 24 as a pro personnel assistant. He served in that capacity through the 1997 season, before assuming the title of pro scout in 1998 and coordinator of pro personnel in 2000. Prior to the start of the 2001 season, Dominik began the first of his eight years as Tampa Bay’s Director of Pro Personnel. In 2002, Dominik helped guide the Buccaneers to their first world championship in Super Bowl XXXVII against Oakland. As Director of Pro Personnel, his duties included overseeing the scouting, recruiting and signing efforts of all NFL players, while also monitoring NFL transactions and overseeing player tryouts. He was also in charge of the Pro Personnel department’s evaluation of players in all other professional football leagues, including the Canadian Football League and the Arena Football League, while being responsible for the negotiation and signing of contracts for several free agents and NFL Draft signings. Dominik joined Tampa Bay after spending a year and a half working in both the college and pro personnel departments of the Kansas City Chiefs. Dominik holds a BS degree in Sports Management from the University of Kansas.
In the Football GM & Scouting Course, you will speak directly each week with Mark Dominik. Imagine what that could do for your resume and career path!
John Wooten
John Wooten is fondly referred to as the "Godfather of the NFL."
John has been involved in the NFL at every level of the game for over 50 years. He has won NFL & Super Bowl titles. Following his NFL playing days, John had a variety of roles on various teams in the NFL. His job titles over 40 years have included Player Personnel, Director of Pro Personnel, Director of Player Programs, Vice President, Director of Scouting, and Consultant. Teams John has worked for in these positions include the Dallas Cowboys, the Philadelphia Eagles, the Baltimore Ravens, the NFL, and the NFLPA. John even had a stint as a sports agent.John is currently Chairman of the Fritz Pollard Alliance, which works closely with the NFL. Every team in the NFL has been impacted by John and his goal to increase job opportunities for minorities in the league.
Quote from NFL Sr. Executive VP for Football Operations, Ray Anderson reflecting on John Wooten’s 50 year contribution to the NFL:
“Respectfully, professionally and affectionately John Wooten is known as the Godfather, not just because of his age or longevity, but because of the breath and depth of his service and what he has meant to the NFL as a player, scout and front office executive."
John Wooten is one of the most well connected people in the NFL. You will love learning from this natural mentor while enjoying his genuine spirit and years of wisdom.
To learn more about John Wooten, read this article. To learn more about Fritz Pollard Alliance visit their website here.
Russ Lande
NFL Draft Expert for GM Jr. Scouting & Director of College Scouting for the Montreal Alouettes
Russ is currently the Director of College Scouting for the CFL Montreal Alouettes and President of GMJR.com. Previously, Russ worked for the Sporting News, and was responsible for writing NFL insider content, providing detailed scouting reports on college players and posting an ongoing mock draft in the “War Room” leading up to the NFL Draft. Before working for Sporting News, Lande served as a College Scout and Blesto Representative for the Cleveland Browns for three years covering the mid-west region while evaluating all eligible prospects for the NFL Draft. Prior to that he spent four years at the St. Louis Rams as Scouting Administrator.
Russ and his staff of scouts cover games over the entire US analyzing and ranking the top 600 players available every year for the NFL Draft. Russ appears regularly on radio and television, including ESPN, ESPN2, Fox Sports, and The NFL Today Show.:
Dr. G. Lynn Lashbrook, President of SMWW and Head of SMWW's agency, has been a certified agent with the NFL for over 20 years. During his tenure as an agent, Dr. Lashbrook has represented over 100 NFL players including first round picks to free agents. Dr. Lashbrook worked for SMG, which is now CAA Football, for 5 years. Dr. Lashbrook was mentored on the agent business by live interactive audio chats with fellow students, John Wooten, Russ Lande, Dr. Lashbrook and occasional guests. This is a tremendous opportunity to network within the professional and collegiate football industry and get to know your instructors NFL Combine Career Conference - All SMWW students and faculty are invited to attend the yearly Sports Career Conference at the NFL Combine in Indianapolis, Indiana. All SMWW Students recieve a huge discount and are encouraged to attend to utilize their skills and network within the industry. Football GM & Scouting Course, individuals will be invited to join SMWWscouts.com. This is an exciting opportunity to advertise yourself as a certified scout and feature your scouting reports as a trained talent evaluator! This is a match making service for football scouts and those needing a football Football GM & Scouting Course you are eligible to apply for acceptance as a SMWW Scout and be featured on this exciting website. (Free upon graduation!)
Our goal is to see all Football GM & Scouting graduates gainfully employed in football worldwide. Your chances of accepting an offer of employment within professional football will improve by going through the program. SMWW will customize a football portfolio to assist you with your career goals.
Through our extensive network of professional football teams worldwide, football departments, and football organizations, our objective is to prepare you for when the right job opportunities become available. Numerous people that have gone through our programs are now employed in great positions and you could do the same. We want to help you launch your football career and help you find a position where you can be the most successful and satisfied.
For more information about the Football GM & Scouting Course visit:
Football GM and Scouting Course FAQ
Earn College Credit
Football GM Course Testimonials
Join SMWW every year during the NFL Combine
Sports Management Worldwide annually hosts a Football Career Conference during the NFL Combine every February in Indianpolis, Indiana.
Join us...click here for more information.
Congrats to our SMWW Athlete Management Course (Sports Agent) graduates who represent NFL Prospects in this years NFL Draft. These Agent Advisors will particpate in Pro Days, the NFL Combine, and preparing their clients for the NFL Draft with the assistance of our NFL certified agents. These students will be involved in every aspect of the process)
A few years ago, Joe Aloisi was not working in sports. Today, Joe is beaming after watching his first NFL client, QB Matt Moore, take the field as the starting QB for the Miami Dolphins.
SMWW Agent Advisor Joe Aloisi says "I can't explain how much fun I'm having. I have learned so much since completing the course just a few years ago. From being with Matt during the draft, to negotiating a contract with Nike to being there as Matt changed teams to his first NFL start and now with the Miami Dolphins, its been a fun ride. "
Matt Moore
Miami Dolphins QBThe experiential work, which was promoted by a print ad on the front of the London Evening Standard, promised to swap people’s electric toothbrushes for a Colgate Proclinical A1500 model, purportedly worth £169.99.
The ad promoting the activity stated: "Swap your electric toothbrush at Waterloo station tomorrow... Toothbrushes must be electric and rechargeable to qualify and stocks are limited to 750 a day. One brush per person."
The promotion, intended to last a week, backfired on Colgate when the brand was overwhelmed with consumers on its first day.
People had started queuing at the station at 5am on 9 July, two hours before the promotion opened, and Colgate was forced by Network Rail staff to scrap the entire stall within an hour of opening.
One person complained about the promotion and its supporting ad work, challenging that Colgate breached the code because the complainant had attended the stand and had been unable to get a toothbrush; that it was in breach for not stating the opening times of the promotion; and that the "worth £169.99" claim was misleading as the brushes were usually sold at a lower price.
Despite Colgate’s claims that it had enough product to meet demand, that it did not need to state the opening times of the stand and that the price claim was not misleading, the Advertising Standards Authority banned the ad.
It said Colgate’s estimated demand for #brushswap was not reasonable, that not displaying the opening and closing times of the stand was misleading, as was the use of a £169.99 price mark, when the toothbrush in question was found to be sold for a large part of the year at £84.99 or less.
Before commenting please read our rules for commenting on articles.The Deal
A Colin's mechanic can give any make or model of car or van a thorough going-over during an MOT test, establishing whether the vehicle is legally fit for another year on the road. Clients can also opt to include a mini valet service, which features a wash, wax and chamois dry of the bodywork, cleaning of the wheels and sills, and vacuuming of the interior.
Choose from the following options:
£19 for an MOT test (65% off)
£24 for an MOT test and a mini valet
The Merchant
Part of a network of Scottish garages, Colin's MOT and Service Centre has been caring for carburettors and overhauling alternators since 1996. The services available include brake tests, diagnostics and general mechanical repairs. Wheel alignments and breakdown recovery are also available, and each of the garages stocks products from the likes of Michelin, Dunlop and Bosch.
- 1
Colin's MOT and Service Centre
Bankhead Road, Bucksburn Industrial Estate Aberdeen AB21 9EGGet DirectionsFull TitleA Phase 2 Study of Ipilimumab in Children and Adolescents (12 to < 18 years) with Previously Treated or Untreated, Unresectable Stage III or Stage IV Malignant Melanoma Back to top
Purpose
Ipilimumab is a drug approved for the treatment of melanoma skin cancers in adults. It has been evaluated in children with cancer, but its use in children and adolescents is considered investigational. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the safety and effectiveness of ipilimumab in children and adolescents (ages 12 to less than 17) with inoperable stage III or stage IV melanoma. Participants will receive a dose that is higher than the FDA-approved dose, but has been shown in prior studies to be safe in children with cancer..Back to top
Eligibility
To be eligible for this study, patients must meet several criteria, including but not limited to the following:
- Patients must have inoperable stage III or stage IV melanoma of the skin (non-ocular).
- This study is open to patients who are at least age 12 and less than 18.
- Any number of prior therapies is permitted, but at least 4 weeks must have passed since completion of prior therapy and entry into the study.
For more information and to inquire about eligibility for this study, please contact Dr. Ira Dunkel at 212-639-2153.Back to top>>IMAGE
1,038 Comments to “Big”
May 22nd, 2012 at 1:21 pm
this one what I’ve been waiting for!
Gong Yoo + Hong sisters’ script = EPIC!
May 22nd, 2012 at 1:27 pm
Ouh la la, finally something new with Gong Yoo!
Looking forward to it!
May 22nd, 2012 at 1:32 pm
Wooooooowwww…….gong yoo i miss you………i wait to see you on this drama………♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
May 22nd, 2012 at 3:29 pm
damn, i was always check this website in order to have my post as the first one but i’m a bit too late because i was searching for lee min jung in other sites. anyway i’m the 4th one. hiii lee min jun and gong yoo. i think they are the cuttes couples and i hope it would be good. but it’s a little bit sad because the real doctor falls in lovewith the a high school student. hope may goes fast hahahahahaha.
May 22nd, 2012 at 3:36 pm
Love it! I will surely watch this drama. I hope it would be aired here in the Philippines. Go Lee Min Jung unni!
May 22nd, 2012 at 4:30 pm
I miss gong yoo
May 22nd, 2012 at 4:44 pm
This is my most anticipated KD for the 1st half of 2012!
Gong Yoo’s 1st KD after MS!
He plays an 18 yr old! He was soo cute as a 19 year old in Biscuit Teach Candy Star!
And this is a Hong Sisters script! Y-E-S!
June 4 is 2 weeks away!
May 22nd, 2012 at 5:16 pm
Finally gotta see Gong Yoo
but I don’t understand the synopsis well…at first didn’t want love rain to end…now that seeing Gong yoo…I can’t wait
KBS dramas are quite interesting in 2012…
May 22nd, 2012 at 5:37 pm
wow… can’t wait to watch this drama, it’s a long time since Gong yoo act in “1st cofee prince”.
May 22nd, 2012 at 6:28 pm
i’ve been waiting for this drama like ages.. finaly!
love all hong sister’s drama *except greatest love maybe, i don’t find dokko jin interesting*
May 22nd, 2012 at 6:58 pm
[…] SOURCE : koreandrama.org […]
May 22nd, 2012 at 8:25 pm
oh my!!!… :))))
May 22nd, 2012 at 9:29 pm
16 episodes… again….
fuck Hong Sisters !
May 22nd, 2012 at 9:58 pm
Suzy my favourite idol turned actress!:)
May 22nd, 2012 at 10:31 pm
happy to see gong yoo again in a drama but i’m quite disappointed with the choice of the lead actress, lee min jung, luckily suzy will also be there, i just hope that the story will focus mostly on suzy and gong yoo.
May 22nd, 2012 at 11:15 pm
@iammee: what’s wrong Lee Min Jung being the lead actress? She’s a great actress.
Don’t tell me you want suzy as a lead actress?
Lol don’t dream baby, it’s not suzy’s time yet.
Gong Yoo has to be with someone as experience as Lee Min Jung. Suzy is a newbie in dramaland, she needs to be learn more n more before she can surpass Lee Min Jung. I bet you must be one of k-pop fans who doesn’t even know who’s better. duhh.
May 22nd, 2012 at 11:47 pm
the hong sisters run out of original ideas or what.
May 23rd, 2012 at 12:19 am
@vic..lol careful on ur words, we all know the hong sisters always brings in something new in the table
May 23rd, 2012 at 12:30 am
@Mia-13,
What was that “F” word for? What has the Hong sisters ever done but bring us hours of laughter n entertainment. Don’t be insolent.
May 23rd, 2012 at 12:36 am
The premier in on my birthday.. What a gift! I surely watch this drama.. Been waiting for 2 years
May 23rd, 2012 at 3:30 am
@KDaddict :
why the “F” word ?
Delightful Girl, Sassy Girl : 17 episodes
My Girl : 16 episodes
You’re Beautiful : 16 episodes
Fantasy Couple : 16 episodes
Hong Gil Dong : 24 episodes (24 episodes…. thanks jesus…)
My Girlfriend is a Gumiho : 16 episodes
Best Love / The Greatest Love : 16 episodes
AND NOW ?
AGAIN 16 EPISODES !!!
Their work is quantitative ! their goal is to make as much as possible dramas…preferably small dramas…. always 16 episodes… to stay in television history…
“LIKE THE SISTERS WHO WROTE THE MOST DRAMAS ON EARTH”
May 23rd, 2012 at 4:39 am
lee min jung & suzy <333
May 23rd, 2012 at 5:23 am
honestly, i dont want suzy to act in this drama at all but i’m not disappointed, but why someone wants suzy to be the leading horoine and for one moment i hate her. she doesn’t deserve to be the lead. lee min jung and gong yoo are a couple sent from heaven. hahahahahaha and why it’s only 16 episodes i want it to be longer like 24 epi
May 23rd, 2012 at 6:39 am
@urnchai-23
hi, agree with you.. i think gong yoo and lee min jung such an adorable couple in k.dramaland.. i hope their chemistry would be awesome too.. but 16 eps is enough since i don’t like long eps
May 23rd, 2012 at 7:50 am
Haeundae Lovers will replace BIG on August, that means .. there is 20 episodes in this series, Yea. I read it somewhere.
@dsd: thanks for the link.
gonna hit the gym now n watch after that.
June 12th, 2012 at 3:34 pm
BIG Ep 3 Eng sub
June 12th, 2012 at 4:42 pm
oh finally there’s KD makes me alot 4 lol this week
;-)….
June 12th, 2012 at 5:36 pm
@KDadddict..where u watch ep 5.;-) ..coz I just watch only 3 there
June 12th, 2012 at 6:16 pm
@hny,
I have a subscription to Korean tv. I have most channels, if not all. I’m usually very fast cos I don’t have to wait for subs...
thanks dsd for the link
June 14th, 2012 at 7:02 pm
@sara,cvl: i think Suzy is acting like that because her character in the story tells her to act like that...
However, I’m worried about what’s gonna happen next. The doctor is obviously cheating on Da Ran and it is not right to marry your student trapped in the doctor’s body. Can’t wait to see how will the story line go.
reccomend me some dramas please
June 16th, 2012 at 12:37 pm
@swift
and i haven’t watched shut up flower boy band too! sorry , i didn’t notice that u reccomend that in ur comment
maybe as i grow older, i’ll be able to enjoy the older tpe as well
yup! cause i’m still 15 years old, so i like the younger type
 this drama, not like some people who came here just to banish her and always just criticize but not try to appreaciate others effort. <3 Suzy from Malaysia…(^_^)…
June 18th, 2012 at 2:44 am
..wow! all new kdramas are worth watching! now i don’t have my #1 in my list coz i can’t decide which is my favorite among them! all are entertaining and hilarious especially A Gentlemans’ Dignity.. if you are in your early thirties or mid forties, you will enjoy this kdrama. you will feel that there’s still life after forties or life goes on for those whose in love,hahaha.. love it.. and for those who just want to sit back and enjoy, watch BIG and I DO I DO.. i like the story of BIG coz it will give you a satisfying feeling of a love for granted but then corrected by another person whose not at first with a geniune character bcoz he’s still young. i love what’s happening now to the so called “couple”. hehe.. I DO I DO is also funny. you’ll find it simple but it makes sense! a career woman who is willing to give up everything but suddenly something happened to her.. haha, like it! Ghost is like you’re riding a roller coaster. you’ll go up and down, turn around then slide! whoa!! everything is mysterious and it’s like you’re solving a puzzle.. goose bombs everywhere!! Time slip Dr Jin is also intriguing. all medicinal and science but they are showing all kinds of scenes which will catch your attention.. and now, you will wonder who is doctor Jins’ fiance on the Joseon era..
June 18th, 2012 at
KDaddict #318: I like your senario and explanation. Kdfan had taken the words out of my mouth regarding to FOTG. Now you’re reminding me to watch our benies couple again

watch BIG without english sub is dramatic for me…but by read u’r comment it’s helps..I’m enjoyed watch GY with his strange language
i’ll say that KBS is back on its feet! I look forward to this drama. I love all of the players’ acting.
ep 10
ep 10!
July 5th, 2012 at 1:30 am
@KDaddict-481
LMAO!
Don’t be bothered. It’s not the first time we see “different” people here and it won’t be the last. Just know we love ya!”
As for BM, ahh, who can resist JW’s megawatt smile and he breaks into a song and dance too..so adorable!! it.
July 6th, 2012 at 4:27 pm
@Penelope, if you are just looking for a good drama to watch, then skip the raves and rants on this site, as you would probably be drawn to watch something that some fan is so into and would probably be not to your taste as well. I usually go by ratings and though I have not watched a lot, I have already a pool of actors and actresses whose work has impressed me so I have started watching out for their other works and reviews. KDrama is so diverse that it would be difficult to recommend a few as you would need to look into so many factors to be able to sit down with a really good one that you would enjoy through. I trust that you would be able to find something (as there are so many). Happy hunting and yes, an enjoyable viewing too.
July 6th, 2012 at 5:50 pm
@KDaddict
thx.. it’s interesting discus about drama here, when i don’t know and confuse about the story, i go to this site and look forward for other perspective. it’s the first time i involved with drama discusion.
July 6th, 2012 at 8:14 pm
Penelope
KDaddict knows more abt k drama than most people. She provides a service here. You should leave her alone. Go find a website that has a word limit. It will have short comments.
Do not fart in our chat room.
July 6th, 2012 at 9:25 pm
Hello. I just wanna know if Kyung Joon will ended up with Gil Da Ran or Mari? Because I really want Kyung Joon to be with Mari. Honestly, the three of them are the reasons why I keep watching this drama. Do you think it is appropriate to have a woman who is older than you? I just can’t stand Seo Yoon Jae’s muscles. It’s so big and scary. Haha! LOL. Don’t hate me if I offended you for some of my words. These are just my opinions. So please bear with it.
Anyways, for who will answer my question, thank you in advanced.
July 6th, 2012 at 11:33 pm
Hi! I am a fan of gong yoo.As the drama continues gong yoo’s look is better and better.He has a very hot and sexy body.Let’s support our gong yoo with cheers and loves.l Don’t care anymore with ratings.They are just annoying. I heard that the ideal type of actress lee yeon hee, 4 minute gayoon, kara kang ji young and f(x) krystal is gong yoo. Is that true? If anyone knows, please answer me. L really want to know about it. But in my opinion, yoon eun hye is the best with our gong yoo.Please answer me.fighting gong yoo.
July 6th, 2012 at 11:43 pm
@KDaddict & Jennie i m with u on KHN. didn’t want to mention in that thread too. it’s another boring character like Hanjimin in RTP. Even though I wasn’t liking DR initially bec she was so naive but now I really enjoy watching Leeminjung’s expression of joy, happiness and frustration when realized she fell for another of KJ’s tricks. But it’s JA’s kickass coolest female role in a KD that I look forward to. I really can’t root for DR ending up with KJ, not even with KJ in YJ’s body. The thot of them making out .. urgh ..
July 7th, 2012 at 12:13 am
penasaran gimana endingnya?gil da ran and Seo Yoon Jae atau, gil da ran and Kang Kyung Joon atau, Kang Kyung Joon and jang mari atau, Seo Yoon Jae and Lee Se Young……me have fokosifuu……
July 7th, 2012 at 12:57 am
@Carmen,
I really appreciate the compliment, n your ability not to mince words. I’m too wordy, and need to learn to write like that. Come join the discussion under regular circumstances.
I think there are two age groups of visitors here: an older group that likes discussion, and a much younger one that have no interest in reading what others have to say. One train goes east; one train goes west, n never those trains shall meet. It is usually fine when ppl r able to live n let live. It a good thing that most ppl r reasonable! Thx.
July 7th, 2012 at 1:03 am
@kdfan, Jennie,
I want KKJ to be happy. He has had such an unlucky life. Whether he wants to be with Mari or DR, I’m all for it.
Love JA to the max after what she said to Doc in ep 12. KHN’s char, YS can’t hold a candle to it!
July 7th, 2012 at 1:08 am
Hi everyone…
Finally He’s (Gong Yoo) back..!! Yeiii..(^____^)/
@Will In #505, I’m a BIG fan of Gong Yoo Oppa too.. I totally in love when watch his acting with Yoon Eun Hye.. He’s really adorable..
and this BIG drama, it’s really show his ability in acting… love it..!!
and after a long..long time… I back to this forum again… hahahaha… =)
I shock when know about “penelope” case, so i decide to read previous comment and I get more shock..!!! Huuuffff….
Well, this forum exist b’coz there’s so many people want to express / share their love about Korean Drama, Actor, and Actress. And the side effect is we get a New Friend !! and I believe a comment or information like KDaddict give to this forum are helping us a lot.. (or at least for Me ^^).
In my opinion, Bad person exist in this world, so we can be seen the difference between good and bad one. And the others can think and evaluate which one they want to be…
Cheers KDaddict and everyone !!
Let’s enjoy this BIG drama and become a BIG Fans for KOREAN DRAMA..
July 7th, 2012 at 2:17 am
please hong eonnies, make KKJ stil alive until the end, and pairing him with DR. Although w Mari.. its alright!
July 7th, 2012 at 7:54 am
@Margie, I wasn’t going to post here again but I wanted to thank u for the suggestion. Great idea. I started watching the GD based on high ratings n it’s been great so far. This is actually a good website because it has all the upcoming dramas, ratings, n actor/actress information. I’ll continue to check this site to select my next drama after I get through GD. Thanks again for your suggestion. Take care,
July 7th, 2012 at 9:44 am
@Penelope.. I agree with you, I find this site so helpful that I have incorporated it in my daily browsing, it is a ‘must do’ for me. But embarrassingly, my so called ‘pool of actors and actresses’ are so personal meaning that a few are just based on their looks and physical awesomeness, ha,ha,ha! Acting wise is maybe so-so but again, I maintain, it is my personal list. I read the comments as well as I find a lot of it helpful but as these are personal comments, it may differ from what I have in mind. Still, I enjoy this site, synopsis, ratings, comments and all. I have started watching Big and do find it a bit silly but hilarious. Gong Yoo is not bad for the eyes and on the contrary is maybe what keeps my eyes glued on the set. Maybe you should try it if you are not too busy.. the first few episodes are all over the place but episodes 6 onwards should have your attention. GD, hmmmmm, not in my list at the moment but will check it out. I am from Manila, Philippines… watching KDrama here requires effort, effort and a whole lot more of it as we do not have direct access and relies heavily on what the net can share with us. Still Big is currently showing in our local station and that is a BIG sigh of happiness for all Gong Yoo fans here! Happy day!
July 7th, 2012 at 12:35 pm
@Olinrae31,
I think a KD website can be likened to a buffet: Many things r on offer. Many ppl come to partake of it. One takes from it what one likes, n leaves the rest to others. It’s unusual that sb insults the chef for offering some items she doesn’t like, n others for liking them, esp. when the buffet is free of charge.
I’m glad you find my comments useful. I’m gratified that others have told me the same. Old timers know that ratings often aren’t accurate. Good shows can have low ratings e.g. K2H or BIG, n vice versa. Comments can give a clearer idea of why sb think sth is good or bad, for those who r interested. Cheers!
July 7th, 2012 at 2:00 pm
just read this sypnosis: somewhere…
i’m so anxious what would be the ending of BIG.. the writers were so good for making it ‘almost predictable yet not really predictable’ plot.. but really, if they are planning to have a “WTF” ending (just like the series Hong Gil Dong) .. geez, it would be very disappointing..!
I really hope this series would end happily!!
July 7th, 2012 at 2:54 pm
Oh Good Grief! Penelope.. you are so rude.
KDaddict.. I just love your comments and devotion all these years.. keep it up!
July 7th, 2012 at 3:23 pm
@will and @olinrae31
i’m a BIG fan of gong yoo too. but i think he is get less attention in some fanbase of KDrama. Gong Yoo is a great actor, he have ability. and i think he is the most manly actor korea. but unfortunately, rarely some of fanbase KDrama mention his name as an handsome actor, funny actor, or a great actor. and i’m glad in this site there are many fans of gong yoo! because i’m rarely found fans of gong yoo.
July 7th, 2012 at 4:05 pm
@kimchilee, hi,
While being attacked for my KD addiction on a KD site when my name states it clearly is strange, this incident brings out some friends I didn’t know I have. I’m happy abt that. Thx.
@sw-517,
Gong Yoo’s name hasn’t been mentioned in KD fan bases as much recently becos he has been in MS for 2 years, n since then he hasn’t made any drama. Of the 2 movies he made, one (Crucible/Silenced) is intense n depressing, not the usual fodder for young audiences. Also, while he was away, many new young actors have been on the rise, like Jung Il Woo, Song Joon Ki, Yoo Ah In, Kim Hyun Joong, Kim Soo Hyun, Choi Siwon, just to name a few. We haven’t even mentioned Lee Min Ho, whose popularity exploded w City Hunter. Competition is keen, while audience attn span is usually short. Now that Gong Yoo is out of MS n back in dramas, his profile will rise again. At 33, he is still the premier man-boy of KDland. GY ssi, Aja!
July 7th, 2012 at 5:43 pm
really waiting for next epd.. <3
July 7th, 2012 at 7:10 pm
@KDaddict
yeah that’s what i mean. KD fan bases more often mention the young actor like what you mentioned. though i’m young enough but i still watch the crucibel, it was prove his ability in act, he can play different character that he never played before, can erase the prespective of Gong Yoo as rom-com king. he portray mature and wise teacher. as he come back in drama, i hope his profile would rise and become more famous and play more much drama. but till now i think KD fan bases still don’t know his charm, they still rarely mention his name. am i too possessive? haha
July 7th, 2012 at 9:26 pm
Wow, this site is really popular, from all the many comments since I last checked. Glad to see that most people understand and share the opinion that we all come here to share and exchange opinion and to express our love / disappointment in all things related to KD without having to throw insults or putting down the posters. Just remember that we are a diversed lot, from all parts of the world with different backgrounds, beliefs and upbringing. Good thing is although we may all be different, we all share one thing in common ie our interest and love for KDs. Penelope labelled us all in general as addicts in a mean tone and I was pretty upset because she doesn’t even know anything about the posters here and we did not even know her until her totally unexpected outburst on KDaddict and her later ‘name calling’ on the rest of us who responded to her comment. Enough said, personally, I come to this site to share and to de-stress, not to add more stress
Best part is she’s got a pretty face to go with her talent! KHN in GD should drop all that ‘cute’ acting, only then she’ll be more tolerable and acceptable.
@KDaddict Joo Won has definitely matured into a fine, multi talented actor and I do believe that he will do well in his acting career. He hasn’t really completely lost that baby face, still see glimpses of them. He’s totally a fun guy to watch on the screen. He’s cute, looks good, he cries convincingly, has a killer smile, smirks really well, heck he sings and dance and does a jig or two and all in one drama lol. Watch BM when you can, great cast and a believable script and good news about the drama is that the heroine is not dumb and helpless (so far, anyway)
@kdfan & KDaddict Still really behind I Do but I agree with you guys that KSA is the best. I like how she’s always so at ease with her roles, whether as an overweight heroine, a country bumpkin or a kick ass director! I think she looks best here in I Do and I simply adore how she carries herself in all those beautiful clothes and accessories. As for LMJ, have always liked her and always thought of her as a pretty good actress. Loved her in Smile, You and mad as hell with her for coming between our beloved Jun Pyo and Jan In BFF
July 7th, 2012 at 10:10 pm
Me too!! I agree with you. gong yoo is mentioned less in some website.But now I heard that he is very popular in Korea bcoz of BIG especially among female fans. I thought that his acting as a teenager in BIG is very adorable and cute. As for me , whether they don’t mention gong yoo or not he is our favorite actor in Korea. I would really want to know that which type of girl is his ideal type. Gong yoo! we are all cheering you. FIGHING!!!
July 8th, 2012 at 12:34 am
@kdfan See? Got so carried away that I forgot to comment what I wanted to in the first place. I’m with you about not wanting DR to end up with KY, not even in YJ’s body. It’ll be too ugh for me too
It’ll definitely destroy my ideals of a perfect romance. I want everything to be just perfect, even in terms of age difference. I am old fashioned that way
Like I’ve said before, I have zero clue as to how this will end especially now that we see that in his own way, YJ does love DR and I guess that the plane ticket is actually about his brother, not because he was running away from his own wedding. Problem now is that DR’s heart is now beating for KY and no longer for YJ. So how is it going to end?
July 8th, 2012 at 1:27 am
@will
i have ever seen an interview with gong yoo. the reporter ask the type of woman he like. he answered “the girl with beauty inside and always by my side everytime i need”. but i wonder too who on earth the type of woman he like. he is definitely a type of man who dreamed by almost all woman. good personality and good looking.
@jenny
i think if DR not end up with KJ, the whole story till now is just in vain, the whole story is about KJ and DR. but i have no clue either about the end of the story. i have no clue either about YJ feeling trough DR
July 8th, 2012 at 1:48 am
@Jennie-521,
This site has grown by leaps n bounds in the past year. With the exponential growth, the tide brings in good fish as well as bad, sometimes young n insolent, the worst being corrie n Penelope. This has been a low-key, peaceful site for a long time. In the past 6-12 months, I’ve noticed an increasing no. of hostile comments in response to real or perceived slight to sb’s idol, n in the above cases, no slight happened at all.
For yrs, I’ve commented on the pros n cons of shows n actors. For the sake of peace, I no longer do. It’s getting to the pt where we r even afraid to say that KHN’s acting is less than inspired in GD over there, becos in a shouting match, she who is the meanest, dirtiest fighter can get away w murder.
Sb told me recently that sites should be Rave Only. I suppose that’d be of the I love u Oppa variety. What the fun in that is I know not. Like I told Caitlin, the peaceful ones keep mum; the loud ones r not always sensible. So the inmates might be taking over the asylum!
July 8th, 2012 at 2:09 am
y is the ratings so low? maybe ppl are tired of the changing soul story…but you really have to watch this drama because Gong Yoo’s amazing acting skill has spiced up this drama a lot…love his acting haha
July 8th, 2012 at 3:08 am
Thank u “sw” for answering my question. Now i think I have friends here. which country are u from? I am from Burma. I read about gong yoo news at the sites that emphasize Korean drama such as enews ,soompi etc. Is there any other site that mention Korean drama and movie? I would like to see gong yoo with han hyo joo or song hye gyo or han ye seul in his next drama or movies. Sorry! Its just an imagination. Although he act with any actress, I will love and cheer him. May god bless him!! Oh I forgot. May god bless all of u in here.
July 8th, 2012 at 7:56 am
@kdfan, Jennie, KDaddict: wow its like cat fight since I left (j/k). I was going to be a silence reader but couldn’t help and have to post a comment now. I’m with KDaddict regarding to visitors here; an older group and a much younger group and its unfortunate that some people don’t appreciate others’ comments, thoughts and inputs. I love Jennie’s #521 the first paragraph, thanks for reminding everyone in this site. Its the driving force that made me lost interest in sharing my thoughts here.
I’m with kdfan and Jennie, I’ve been rooting for DR/YJ paring from the beginning. As of right now seems like everyone believes that DR has fallen for KY, I just don’t believe so. What DR sees when she’s with KY is still YJ’s body but with a different personality. Who doesn’t fall for a perfect guy like that huh? Has KY in his own body, will DR falls for him (I think not). Yes, DR is falling for KY’s personality as he’s fun to be with compares to YJ who is a mature/serious doctor. DR is naive therefore its easily for her to get along with KY and she’s having fun with him; its a new experience for her. Also there were parts where KY was looking at those children in the hospital and he missed being a teen again. He needs to go back to his own body and experience to be a late teen and a young man in his 20’s and so forth. Don’t you think its the most fun after turning 21 so you can do what you were unable to do in your teens and can start as an adult life; I know I did :-). I don’t approve a teacher and a TEEN student relationship wether it is a female or male teacher even in drama/movie. I just can’t accept it, its a bad example for all.
well, lets make this site is a fun place to visit. Until then. Cheers!!!!!
July 8th, 2012 at 8:14 am
@KDaddict: totally with you @ #525.
I have been skipping through comments here, only read the familiar ones
July 8th, 2012 at 10:49 am
pooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooor rating, hahhahahahhahhaahahahhhahhahaahahahahhaahhahahahahhah
July 8th, 2012 at 10:54 am
@CVL-528,
I think a cat fight might mean both sides r equally vicious and nonsensical. This is a case where sb pooped in our midst, n those who have a sense of fairness told her off.
It’s a good idea to read only comments from ppl we r familiar w. I tried it too, but being a speed reader, I find it impossible not to see what else has been written when I glance down the page.
July 8th, 2012 at 11:58 am
Haaaaaaaaaaaaaha, see what I mean girls? You see all kinds of people here.
Agree with KDaddict, CVL, sometimes you just can’t avoid reading. Anyway, CVL, you shouldn’t allow these things to disturb you much and prevent you from commenting. What I normally do is laugh off those bad vibes and consider them as nincompoops and write what I want to say, and say it with heart with as much maturity and consideration that is within me (hey, I don’t know what I don’t know, right?)
PS Hmm..kdfan must be visiting all the strip joints in LV and having the time of her life,huh?
July 8th, 2012 at 1:08 pm
GOSH!!!!!! this drama is confusing me. gave me a lot of headache!! i want Da Ran and Kyung Jung to be happy. Kyung Jung seems to find something in Daran and so is she. Yoonjae has disappointed her, but Yoonjae himself has a lot of secrets. i guess yoonjae is suffering inside too. this is the first drama which i dont know who to choose between the two male leads. it’s all because the two male leads are in the same body. grrrrrrhhhhhhh…….!! and yes…. gong yoo get much and much more better in every episodes…. he is so damn handsome and sexy..
July 8th, 2012 at 1:34 pm
i don’t want to waste my time to watch this drama… it’s sooooooooooooooooooooo Boooooooooooooooooooooooring
July 8th, 2012 at 3:32 pm
fighthing >3 for you
July 8th, 2012 at 3:32 pm
fighthing oppa saranghae..>3
July 8th, 2012 at 7:40 pm
To G6
If u find watching this drama is boring, then don’t watch it. why do u have to write negative comments? Most of the people in this page including me are fan of big and Gong yoo. Such nonsense!!! Why are u wasting ur time by watching this drama? Stay away from us!!!!
July 8th, 2012 at 11:05 pm
@will 537: let’s not waste our time to response that kind of comments too, agree? let’s make peace not war.
let’s make a good environment in cyber world too. BIG or Gong Yoo fans are all here to discuss and share the joys of watching the drama. let’s keep it that way.
Gong Yoo….. Fighting. BIG…….. fighting.
July 8th, 2012 at 11:46 pm
I’m reposting my comment again; not sure why it didn’t get posted yesterday.
Penelope, I believe you own KDaddict a personal apology and the rest of us here as well. I am not sure where you are from and how old you are but labeling someone as “an addict and to seek a professional help” are such cruel remarks. Where I’m from, you don’t know what kind of treatment you’ll get if you’re making such remarks toward someone you don’t know personally. FYI: I am not sure about the rest of the people in here but I do know that kdfan, KDaddict, Jennie and myself are successful professionals within our fields. We are here as we find KDs entertain and to share our thoughts about them; it’s something that we enjoy doing on our spare time. I am not here to teach you but please do think before you put it out there, once it is said and done you can’t take it back and beg for forgiveness as I had been experienced it many times in my life. People may forgive you but it can’t be forgotten. Maybe a 6 seconds rule will help you and it may help you go further in life. Peace!!!
July 8th, 2012 at 11:53 pm
KDaddict and Jennie @ # 531&532: yes I do need to learn how to loosen up a bit and not paying too much attention about the unnesscessary things lol….learning….learning!!!!
July 9th, 2012 at 12:05 am
to continue: “please don’t judge the book by its cover”; I am sure you had heard about it before. I do hope to see you come back and watch KDs with us all. Let’s move on after this incident
July 9th, 2012 at 1:11 am
@Jennie-532,
You are just abt the only other person I know who uses this wd: nimcompoop. It’s one of my fav’s. It brings a smile to my face.
@CVL-539,
Bless your heart! I was just minding my own business when this meanie came along and jumped on me, becos she sees my name too often n my comments r too detailed for her liking! To my mind, she does owe me n everyone who plays here an apology, if she is of sound mind. But then, if she was, she wouldn’t have done what she did in the first place! It just leaves a bad taste in the mouth in the short term.
Hope to see you back among us.
July 9th, 2012 at 3:05 am
@justQ: Ok!! I agree with u. We are only here to support big and gong yoo. Sharing comments and joys to each other. Next time I will ignore such ridiculous comments. Thanks for understanding me. Let’s wait for next episode and support our gong yoo and Big.
July 9th, 2012 at 3:14 am
@justQ: Ok!! I agree with u. We are only here to support big and gong yoo. Sharing comments and joys to each other. Next time I will ignore such ridiculous comments. Thanks for understanding me. Let’s wait for next episode and cheering our stars.
July 9th, 2012 at 6:21 am
I wasn’t going to respond but it seems like KAddict n some of the people who r as “addicted” as she is, are begging for more of me. U can call me evil or nasty or whatever u want because it doesn’t bother me a bit. However, calling a person an “addict” who is obviously an addict upset some of u, u know why? Because u know I spoke the truth. U ask anyone who is not from this site, show them all the dramas on this website, all the comments u post here n they will tell u the same: that u have an addiction problem. They may not say it like I did but they will think that u have no life other than living through these dramas n fantasizing u were the female character in the drama. Kaddict, u r practically glued to this site, I mean, every time someone posts a comment, u r right there ready to provide your feedback. Like I said, truth hurts. Obviously, my blunt comment is not going to change your behavior. U can talk bad about me as much as u want among you but stop addressing me in your posting. I said all I wanted to say n do not want any part of your world. U want me to apologize? I apologize for being brutally honest n ever posting on your fantasy world. Keep on dreaming girls n forget that I ever existed because I’m going to forget that u exist. Don’t expect me to respond again. I’ve wasted too much of my precious time already.
July 9th, 2012 at 9:13 am
@KDAddict, It is not strange that in a site where people are hidden behind pseudonyms, claims and really amateurish writing skills can bare so much angst and vindictive sarcasm over comments that may have been careless or otherwise posted because this is the site for posting comments. I am not saying that Penelope is right with what she wrote but that was like a hundred comments back already. Can we just move on? Is it not enough that half of the other people posting here have already provided so much support to you and what you do, must we keep on making unnecessary comments to anyone who goes against what you have written. By any chance, are they being chased out of this site. There will always be a Penelope or Corrie who would write something that may not be to your liking. You can always opt to put them straight and continue to do what you like to do. But to dwell on it, solicit more supporters and behave as if this site belongs exclusively to your age group (whatever that may be) is territorial and unfair. Did you really believe that no one would go against your thoughts, opinions and ideas. I read your comments and most of them are helpful but it is when you go into initials and special words that really throws me off balance. Not that I mind, I blame my inexperienced self (not having watched as many dramas as you have) to not be able to follow your posts comprehensively. Apparently, a lot of people who find this site helpful agrees with you and that only goes to show you that you have made quite a mark here. But to negatively use that clout to chase other people out of a site that was primarily opened for discussion (regardless of whether they agree with you or not) is a bit pushing it. Whether or not you agree is immaterial, some thinking individual would agree with my post and I hope that it would not cause you an artery to burst. At the end of the day, we go back to who we really are, leave the pseudonym behind, and go by our real name… Billable hours you said, right? Opera, considering how detailed you write, I find it amazing that not one word about the opera has been mentioned. Your little script about the psychologist is hilarious but Girl, you do not do that with a psychologist, as these guys only evaluate, they do not cure. You have to see a psychiatrist for that little episode you want share here. A husband, yes sure, goes well with the pseudonym… so unless you want to drop that curtain and be acknowledged for who you really are, drop the act. And for all of you out there who supports this outraged person hiding behind a name that would attract less than proper comments… think again… this is not the be all and end all of who we are, People. All I need to do after posting this outrageous comments is not to open it again and voila, I get to laugh last! And yes, maybe I do not have a perfect life and maybe sad but at least I get my tenses right, my thoughts are still in order and I knew and can identify a hag when I see one. Don’t look now… there will always be someone like me, enjoying the ride and getting you all frazzled over for what… yes… absolutely nothing and it would be too easy because your addiction and delusional thoughts (thinking that your writing is that great) will make you a great and conspicuous target for nincompoops like myself. Have a glorious day everyone! The table is now open for comments….
July 9th, 2012 at 12:37 pm
ow..ow…ow…ow..ow.. sound like a crazy fans become angry, hahahaha
July 9th, 2012 at 1:10 pm
@ Margie 546 I really like your comments up til “Can we just move on”. I have, and I too hope all the rest would.
@Jennie, CVL, KDaddict no, no LV is not til end of this month. wish I hv u all to do the joints visits with :D. I had a super bz weekend, didn’t hv the chance to check out KD threads. Can’t wait for GongYoo tonight!! btw, a KD actor appeared in my dream for the first time ever last week. It was Lee Kiwoo
i m not even a LKW fan ..
July 9th, 2012 at 1:26 pm
Now I am at fault for responding to people who spoke up on my side of reason.
And being attacked for amateurish writing.
And for coming here in between things I do in the real world.
And for not talking about the opera.
As it is, I’m being attacked for talking abt KD on a KD site. If I had talked about opera on a KD site, n debris befalls me, at least I’d deserve it then.
What is territorial in lamenting the change of tenor on this site, from one of quiet civility, to one of crazed insolence and hostility, I’d never know.
And I’m being called a hag. For what?
I was going to move on when a new ep airs.
@CVL, See? You can’t get blood from a turnip. From a poisoned turnip, all you get is more poison.
July 9th, 2012 at 1:28 pm
@kdfan Oops, I thought you had gone to LV since we didn’t hear anything from you in the last couple of days. Sorry. Yep, can’t wait to see Big tonight. Was never really a big big fan of GY but I really “kowtow” to his wonderful acting in this drama. One minute he’s all serious and mature and the next, he’s all innocent. Awesome facial expressions!
Haha, wasn’t sure who LKW was until I looked him up! OK, the hunk from Flower Boy, Ramyun Shop and A Love To Kill. He must have made a laaastinnng impression on you to appear in your dreams (>‿♥) I wish I had a dream with me and Micky heehee
@Jennie welcome back…yap GY is Awesome in BIG..his act and facial expressions…so adorable..wait until he wear a black shirt you will fallen to him and maybe he will appear to u’r dream
July 10th, 2012 at 5:14 pm
hey? where is the perview of big ep 12 . sad sad sad>.<
July 10th, 2012 at 5:41 pm
i didn’t realize i miss GY so much, was so happy to watch him for an hour
Is it the norm these days in Kdrama where to make it seem like a hotter kiss, the guys aim for the lower lip instead? Chunnie did the same with JM in their rooftop kiss!
Btw, the kiss, ah the kiss, GY as always, is such a great kisser and I like how DR initiated and participated too 11th, 2012 at 8:43 pm
@kdfan, Jennie, KDaddict: yes I love the link, a very meaningful little piece. Btw: I’ll be leaving this thread/site for awhile or until YJ awakes. I haven’t seen this week eps cos I just can’t bare watching DR/KY relationship. It’s been dragging for too long now therefore I’m completely lost interest in this show despite how much I like GY and LMJ. not sure how DR will explains to YJ when and if he’ll ever wakes up As of right now, am not following any drama (dropped I do as well). Let’s hope there will be a drama that suits my taste becomes avail soon. Until the gals….hv fun watching
July 11th, 2012 at 9:08 pm
ep 12 was a best episode, getting better. i almost tearing in the tent scene. how sweet and poor KKJ :((
i think YJ body get serious sick again, then he need KKJ part of body (i don’t now either), so YJ soul is dead inside KKJ body. i think it’s what miracle pictures mean. that one child save another child, and another child will save the one.
July 11th, 2012 at 9:17 pm
Continued from #602:
Either way Monster Mom ends up with 1 son, the one who doesn’t give a hoot about her! Hee hee hee.
@kdfan, CVL, Jennie,
Glad you like it. Vids for Ode to Joy is everywhere. I chose this one cos it shows how ordinary folks come together to make something beautiful!
CVL,
If you r staying away till YJ wakes up, it’ll be a short break. Cos I think he’ll wake up soon, like next ep!
Ep 12:
I’ve an ill foreboding abt the end:
YJ’s old disease is faring up. KKJ’s cells may not save him this time. Mari’s dream may also be foreshadowing KKJ’s departure. I think:
@sw-601 may well be right!
July 11th, 2012 at 10:22 pm
@KDaddict
hahaha. we’ll see. but i still curious with DNA tes result, it match with YJ’s mom. whether the seeds of YJ’ father and KJ’s mother were inseminated to the YJ’s mother? what it’ll generate the same DNA? or hair in the comb is not YJ’s mom’s, but is YJ’s hair? and also she said “i never see you since you born” when she first visit in hospital. it’s sound she is a woman who give birth. aaaah to many question in my mind haha.
@will – 527
i search all about gong yoo from twitter, with type his name in “search coloumn”, sometimes i search in youtube, i search everywhere haha. i’m from indonesia
July 11th, 2012 at 10:43 pm
i wish GDR with YJ’s body but the inner’s KKJ <3 .
July 12th, 2012 at 2:11 am
Good drama
July 12th, 2012 at 2:15 am
By the way I like comments # 545 and #546
I’m not their team….I just like it… Can’t help…
@Emily from admin : This issue already closed. Please don’t raise it again in this thread.
July 12th, 2012 at 3:18 am
I love ep 11 n 12…it’s great show they have fast plot and I could feel the sensation in any part of this show, Goong Yoo is a wonderful men how come his being so perfect for every pose !! I’m crazy for him
…and when KJ n DR sleep in the tent.. rain fallen in my cheek =_= then their kiss thrill my heart, I will choose them as perfect couple at KD in this year .
Right now I just enjoy DR n KJ(YJ’s body) relationship… I don’t care about others things in this show…I just want to watch GY whatever he’ll become (KJ/YJ)
July 12th, 2012 at 5:56 am
Ep 12 is very sweet but i’m sure something sad is going to happen. Mari’s dream is scary and like in the fairy tales the prince will wake up after the kiss. I’m sure this kiss is just more than a romantic sweet kiss. In other hand KJ says he doesn’t want to be alone when he wakes up so DR will be there and we can see more sweet moments after the kiss?
I’m sure this time also, his cells save YJ and it even will be possible that he feels YJ’s pain even in his own body coz he has been in YJ body for a long time. Everything is connected to each other very beautifully. I just want a happy ending with DR and KJ with each other. But it seems a bit difficult.
July 12th, 2012 at 6:58 am
Reading each comment, it made me laugh. We talk crazy. Someone who’s not following K drama would think we are a crazy bunch, who are into soul / body switching, time traveling…；）
July 12th, 2012 at 12:16 pm
why don’t we save a kiss for daran and kyun joon after he wakes up. i would love to see them kiss even lee min jung is his noona
July 12th, 2012 at 12:17 pm
@Charlie agree, we do talk crazy about things that are mostly unreal
fun huh, dats y we should remind ourselves all the time that it’s all for fun, don’t be harsh on commentors, don’t take any of this personally ..
July 12th, 2012 at 4:21 pm
Ok..I understand…sorry
July 12th, 2012 at 8:16 pm
going crazy abt. dis BIG thing till nw watchd jst 7 ep. but i m so curious wat will happen at the end ..i jst had a feeling dat if gyegjue saved yunjae life than its time for yunjae to repay him by stayin g his soul inside his own body..(i knw dats unjust( but i love gill nd gyeuongjea in younjae body.. goong you u are such a brilliant actor..
BIG fan from india,..:)
July 12th, 2012 at 9:29 pm
I don’t really mind whether it’s kkj or syj as long as he is in Gong Yoo’s body, I’m 100% satisfied.
Both lead males have their strengths and positive personalities although in two extreme opposite ways, kkj is aggressive while syj is gentle..
Anyway, bottomline, surely both of them loves GDR so, no issues.. But I really wish, it will be kkj in syj’s body, it will be the perfect package..
Looks and hotness of syj and funny personality of kkj… My kind of dream guy!!!
can’t wait for next week’s episodes!!
Peace to all BIG fans…!!!
July 12th, 2012 at 10:30 pm
i hope so, because the man lead is Gong Yoo. so whoever will end up will DR, as long as it’s Gong Yoo is gwaenchana
July 12th, 2012 at 11:21 pm
I’m so excited and waiting for the next episodes. In ep12 the kiss scene is quite good. I’m okay that dr would end with kj or yj bcoz whoever kj or yj is gong yoo. But its a little betray to yj who still doesn’t wake up.But its okay. Gong yoo is so fashionable in this drama. He looks good not only with shirt and pant but also with short pants. I haven’t seen many actors who are look good with short pants. His legs are perfect. He is very charming with every clothes he wore. I always love u gong yoo. Fighting!!!!
July 12th, 2012 at 11:55 pm
Gong yoo is very charming when wear white shirt! yes i agree with you, he is fashionable, his style is elegant. i also like his style in coffee prince. always wear shirt and pant. coool!
i wanna watch his drama “biscuit teacher and star candy”, can anybody give me link to watch? because in dramacrazy the video cannot play.
July 13th, 2012 at 2:24 am
Yes!! In dramacrazy all the video links of this drama aren’t working. I also want to watch this drama too. I want to want to see the young gong yoo. Yes he Is the most good looking actor with just a black or white shirt and a pant. So can anybody tell where we can watch this drama? Thank u.
July 13th, 2012 at 3:18 am
Is this drama really good? I’m thinking about including another one in my repertoire of kdrama watching! Thanks!
July 13th, 2012 at 4:36 am
well maybe they are just pretending that they are not in their own bodies and the truth is,it already happened a year ago.just a funny guess.hehe!
July 13th, 2012 at 9:48 am
This has to be one of my favorite KDramas ever! Gong Yoo is so cute! I absolutely loved Ep. 12. I also think that KKJ is not going to make it
I’m afraid that Suzy’s dream was fore-shadowing. As long as KKJ stays in Gong Yoo’s body, I’ll be perfectly happy. But, I can’t help thinking while I’m watching that I would find the drama a little creepy if Gil Da Ran was actually kissing the 18 year old. Ick. But, because he’s in Gong Yoo’s body, I’m fine with it.
July 13th, 2012 at 11:31 am
kissing the 18 kyung joon is fine with me since mari can kiss the doctor yoon jae. i’m getting scare as daran is getting scare for her feeling towards kyung joon. they reall have to build a wall between them.
July 13th, 2012 at 12:40 pm
@sw & will lin looks like in most sites Biscuit Teacher has been taken down. I can see some episodes in dailymotion.com using its other title Hello My Teacher but it has no Eng subtitles
July 13th, 2012 at 7:56 pm
well, i start to interest with this one…. tomorrow i will download it…
July 13th, 2012 at 9:58 pm
Hi guys…I really crazy to Gong Yoo n I’m try to watch his other movies too, I want to watch Biscuit Teacher but it’s been taken down… I find his other movie ‘Finding Mr Destiny’.. first eps already makes me lol ! try to watch it too at dramacrazy the cast are familiar to us like the lead women from flower boy ramen shop… !!! interesting
July 13th, 2012 at 10:34 pm
Do you think Kyung Joon will wake up or he’ll die in Yoon Jae’s body?
:))
I really want the ShinZy couple. I’m rooting for them!
July 14th, 2012 at 1:52 am
@kdfan
aaah it’s so bad i can’t watch biscuit teacher a.k.a hello my teacher. i want it so bad :((
i’ll try to find the DVD but i doubt it still available since the series is from 2005 and not popular too.
@hny
finding mr.destiny is not a series, it’s a movie.
July 14th, 2012 at 2:55 am
There is only two weeks to end this drama. But I would like to watch it more. Although it is about to end, the story line is still unpredictable. I think last four episodes will be the most interesting parts of this drama. May be its a tragic ending. Gong yoo I want to see u more. Don’t leave us a long time like coffee prince. I want to see u in more dramas and movies. We’re always supporting u.
July 14th, 2012 at 4:05 am
drama would end but i dont watch yet
July 14th, 2012 at 12:00 pm
what!! Episode 12 already and KKJ is still in coma? I was hoping he’d wake up in the middle of the drama and its almost ending. I cant believe it. It would have been more interesting to see JY’s character in KKJ’s body.. sad KKJ only acted for a while.. what a waste of good talent in this drama.. I worry that the ending is going to be like the stupid ending in 49 days. aargh…
Am now just into episode 5 of this drama..
July 14th, 2012 at 12:34 pm
i just watched ep 9 and i heard a song i can’t remember the title of! can u guys help me?it’s played in the scene where teacher lee was really drunk after going out with teacher na and she threw a bouquet of flower like in baseball.
July 14th, 2012 at 2:47 pm
yoon jae is dead..
July 14th, 2012 at 6:57 pm
@sw..yap it’s short movie. I think this movie good enough for us who loves Goong Yoo act..here in FMD he so adorable n his kiss scene more Hot !! there’s musical scene and the musical more good than drama ‘The Musical’.
July 14th, 2012 at 7:25 pm
try this !!
July 15th, 2012 at 2:08 am
this is link for download hello my teacher
July 15th, 2012 at 2:14 am
or this
July 15th, 2012 at 5:32 pm
@sw and @hny!!! Thank u for your sharing. I’m tired of waiting for next episodes. I think the next 4 pisodes will be the most important and interesting parts of the drama. Ha Ha!! I want to watch them now.
July 16th, 2012 at 10:03 am
Is YJ dead?
I just re-watched Ep. 1 and after the accident, YJ’s heartbeat has stopped and he was pronounced dead. He only “woke up” in the mortuary because KKJ’s soul has entered and taken over his body. KKJ is not “dead” but would not “wake up” because his soul has left his body. So far, there were no signs of YJ’s soul, movement in KKJ’s body was due to KKJ’s soul going back to his own body.
Wonder how this drama will end.
July 16th, 2012 at 10:16 am
I think YJ is dead but I was in denial for 12 eps
July 16th, 2012 at 10:36 am
If YJ is indeed dead, then KKJ’s soul should remain in YJ’s body for the rest of his life. If his soul is to return to his own body, how would his relationship with DR pan out? I guess non of us would be able accept DR being together with KKJ in his own 18 body. Though it is not doing any justice to both YJ and KKJ real self.
Am going to watch the live streaming tonite (hopefully the site still works, was able to watch “Ido Ido” and “A Gentleman’s Dignity” real time from this site).
So sad that “Big” is coming to an end so soon. Even sadder that “Ido Ido” is ending this week
Boo hoo, all my favourite dramas are ending soon….
July 16th, 2012 at 12:15 pm
Up to this point in the drama, I doubt if the real YJ will ever wake up. Somehow him coming back alive will only make things worst unless the writers intend for us to have a sad ending ie KKJ returns to his body and YJ dies and since none of us can really accept DR with the young KKJ, so they will both go their separate ways, something none of us want to happen.
Yep, hope all goes well with live streaming tonight ♪┏(･o･)┛♪
July 16th, 2012 at 2:28 pm
just one words i will say about this drama ; AMAZING!!!
July 16th, 2012 at 2:41 pm
If YJ has been fooling around behind DR’s back while he was alive, then he should die in the end .. anyway, he died, didnt he? his body was inside the mortuary already in the beginning. DR can love the PE teacher.. who is so kind as well (that’s reality). It’s almost end of the drama and still KKJ is in coma.. why is that? frustrating..
oh. sorry JY fans.. i am speaking out of frustration.. I love JY but the story frustrates me .. it would have been more interesting if KKJ were to come out of the coma and faced JY to see how they can switch body back..
July 16th, 2012 at 3:34 pm
@kimchilee In case you don’t know in the last couple of episodes, we all realised that we had misunderstood YJ totally. He wasn’t cheating nor fooling around, he genuinely was interested in DR, he rejected what’s her name (the other Dr) totally, he was flying off to see KKJ and not running away etc. So he’s not the bad guy here and that’s why some of the viewers here prefer DR to be with YJ and some prefer her to be with KKJ and there are some who prefer DR to be with KKJ in YJ’s body. The PE teacher is just a sidekick and for him and DR to end up together, whether in drama or reality is really unthinkable, yes, no? I also think that KKJ will remain in a coma until maybe the last two episodes or so because his role is basically to allow Gong Yoo to play a double role here and the story is about DR and Gong Yoo as Yun Jae and GY as KKJ. As a fan such as yourself of Shin Won Ho (aka KKJ), no doubt it’s frustrating but I think that’s just as far as his role can go ie a minor role.
July 16th, 2012 at 5:13 pm
i’m tottally agree with @Jennie!
July 16th, 2012 at 7:27 pm
waiting for Big next eps….dam crazy !!.. I hope KJ’s soul stay in YJ’s body…it match with the title of this drama, become Big
July 16th, 2012 at 9:23 pm
oh ~~~~~ u crazy at flower boys ramyun shop too !!! i love Cha chi soo & yang eun bi . But now I’m interesting in this drama ♥ gong yoo & gill Da ran .ep 13 i’m waiting 4 it
July 16th, 2012 at 9:51 pm
Me too!!! I agree with @Jennie. We shouldn’t compare shin won ho with Gong yoo. shim won ho is only a newbie. its not i don’t like swh but he need experience. Yay ep 13 is coming very near. I’m very excited
July 16th, 2012 at 11:14 pm
Just finished watching ep. 13, feel so sad for YJ…
July 17th, 2012 at 12:59 am
what happened?
July 17th, 2012 at 5:05 am
start to watch…
July 17th, 2012 at 6:39 am
I just read the quick summary coz i didn’t want to watch without sub. But it seems so sad. I can’t forget KJ’s sad teary eyes – GY is super great here- and i don’t know what should i feel about DR and Mari. For now i hate both of them for hurting KJ. I hope my mind changes after watching it tomorrow. It seems a hard to watch ep though.
July 17th, 2012 at 11:26 am
Ep 13:
How could there be such an evil mom? YJ’s mom by far is the most evil mom I have ever seen in KD.
Mari, why don’t you get lost.
July 17th, 2012 at 11:33 am
So guys, please tell me, what happened in ep 13? I only watched until ep 7 here, and all your comments make me love this drama more and more.
Could someone tell me what happened in ep. 13? Thx.
Cheers.
July 17th, 2012 at 1:03 pm
@Charlie-654
Kudos to that!
July 17th, 2012 at 2:55 pm
Ep 13:
Ep 13 is so difficult to stomach. The first 40 mins. are sweet as can be. But the last 15 mins. are torture.
When KKJ finds out who his parents are, and why he was born, the ground falls out from under him. We feel sorry for KJ of course, but it is Gong Yoo’s acting, his eyes all reddened w tears he tries to hold back that hit our guts and make us believe that such a fate as KKJ’s is possible, even real.
I didn’t mind Mari until this ep when she starts to seriously interfere, lie, manipulate and create misunderstanding betwn our OTP. I applauded her dedication to KKJ at the beginning, but why doesn’t she realize that KJ just isn’t into her at all?
I suppose DR is concerned about both YJ n KKJ’s lives. But I’m not fond of her behavior rt now. How is retreating fr KKJ at this critical moment, when he really needs her, supposed to help things?
Hope ep 14 will ease KJ’s hurt and our worries a little.
July 17th, 2012 at 3:01 pm
that’s the real susie…she push something who not belong to her or doesn’t want to be with her or else..she keep pushing although it will hurt someone else like a selfish person, maybe it’s just behavior in act but I don’t like her.
after all revealed..I think this is the time for KJ use YJ’s body for his own good..get revenge to selfish mother then erase all loneliness you been trough.. this time to take happiness from YJ then go with DR’s love ..happy ever after
July 17th, 2012 at 6:01 pm
Ghost Ep 13 Eng sub
July 17th, 2012 at 7:15 pm
Gong Yoo’s the only one coming out a clear winner from this show, his acting is superb.
Truely, the first 45 minutes plus the most sweetest episode 12, will really give you a shivering heart.
I want to HUG GOng YOO~~ Kang Kyoon Jun for the last 15 minutes, it’s like everyone betrayed him. Daran, all he needed at that moment is for you to hold his hands, please dont let the 10:10 passed away.. Gong Yoo deserves all the love.
It’s sad that 3 episodes left, Gong Yoo please dont let us wait for 5 years again, please do another series and visit us here in the Philippines.
If only giving a chance, I’d like to go to Korea and visit you. Am I dreaming, but nothing is impossible right?? ajah!! 10:10 Fighting!!!
Lots of love Gong Yoo.. mhua mhua tsup tsup.. haha.
July 17th, 2012 at 9:01 pm
To punish the evil mom, I think YJ should die.
But Of cause KD can’t have such ending.
In the end, KJ will save YJ, Maybe KJ’s body will disappear and KJ will live in YJ forever, with DR. And YJ’s mom will know he is not her YJ anymore.
July 17th, 2012 at 9:03 pm
visit or subscribe to guzzylady or DramaKrzy in Youtube.. then you will be able to watch full BIG Episodes in English Subs… these two are so kind enough for putting their efforts posting our fav show..
anyway.. regarding EP 13, i’m totally heart broken! All of the characters were hurting too i guess:
GDR for being torn between two guys she happened to fall for (of course she cannot choose one against the other, and for what she did – pushing away KKJ doesn’t mean she likes SYJ more but because by doing that, the only ‘body’ that is connecting the 2 guys will be saved, besides KKJ & SYJ are brothers after all.. although they didnt grew up together, it will be awesome for them to at least get to know each other and it will only happen if both of them are ‘alive’..
KKJ is hurting because, knowing his ‘mom’ is actually not his ‘mom’.. then thinking that GDR ‘doesn’t love’ him.. and lastly, feeling that his exsistence is ‘purely’ because of SYJ’s physical health condition… (poor child)
Ma Ri is also hurting because KKJ fell inlove to GDR (but that doesn’t mean i can forgive her for lying to KKJ that GDR knew ‘all along’ the secret about his dad.. (GDR just knew it – almost same time as KKJ found it out!! Darn little liar… she implied like GDR knew about for a long time and that’s very mean!!)
I love the hospital scenes as well: the scene with KKJ (SYJ), Rabbit and Teddy Bear were so heart warming and sad…
also when KKJ heard about SYJ’s mom and the bitchy lady doctor talking.. it was so sadddddd….
anyway, still needed to wait for EP 14..
Hong Sisters, pleaseeeeeee…… make a happy ending… a very happy and cute ending..!! Pleeeeaaaassseee!
Peace to all ‘BIG’ lovers!
July 17th, 2012 at 9:30 pm
The most sweet moment in ep 13 is the 10:10 – DR thinking KJ time, but for DR, every time when she looks at her watch, it is 10:10 to her. I think this is very original. It’s a little too naive for me, but I still like the concept.
The most evil moment is the evil mom wanted to draw blood from her in comma younger son to save her beloved old son. A son is a son, even you didn’t carry him for 9 months, but he’s carrying your genes. How can a mom be so cruel? That’s beyond my understand.
July 17th, 2012 at 11:26 pm
Ep 14:
I’m afraid there is no reprieve for KKJ or for us in ep 14. There is just more heartbreak, more misunderstanding, more noble idiocy of doing what they think is good for the other.
Big cliffhanger at the end of ep 14: Is that KKJ or YJ who is waking up in that Gong Yoo body?
I think it is YJ.
The two kids are soo cute, esp. the little boy. Such good acting too.
July 18th, 2012 at 5:22 am
Ep13
Really, i want to punch everyone-expect KJ- specially Mari and DR in the face. Hong sisters’ female leads have always been strong and loveable but DR is really stupid and hateful. She even can’t decide, can’t say the truth, can’t fight with Mari and i wonder why she hasn’t change a bit through the drama. Mari is just a spoiled brat who only thinks about herself and why she can’t understand KJ doesn’t like her. I didn’t hate her till this ep but now i hate her. She even promised KJ to not lie again. Someone tells me why YJ’s mom is so evil? Why she doesn’t like her own son? There must be a reason. I can’t get.
What a relief, someone like KJ is in the drama and i’m more thankful that GY is playing this role. He is the only sweet thing in this drama.
July 18th, 2012 at 7:12 am
i agree with @KDaddict, i think he is YJ who is waking up. he look old and different. gong yoo really can portray caracter even without speaking. it’s really good. very corious with the ending
July 18th, 2012 at 7:29 am
Hey I just want to ask. Is it true that this Kdrama has 20 episodes. Some admin of pages in faceboook confirmed it. Pls do message me in my facebook account if you know the answer (CAREY YU STONE)
July 18th, 2012 at 9:03 am
I think it is still KKJ; YJ died after the accident. All this while there was no YJ soul. If their souls had switched, KKJ would have woken up.
I read comments that in Ep. 14, YJ’s mum said that YJ and KKJ are twins?
July 18th, 2012 at 10:06 am
YJ’s mum probably went for fertility treatment and YJ and KKJ were conceived at the same time, but they chose to freeze one of the embryo (KKJ) and only gave birth to YJ first.
July 18th, 2012 at 10:44 am
@KDaddict, thank you so much for the explanation for ep. 13, and thanks to the other members. Now I kind of understand a bit.
I thought BIG only has 16 eps. Now becoming 20?? Really? Cool if yes.
July 18th, 2012 at 11:53 am
Ghost Ep 14 Eng sub
July 18th, 2012 at 1:39 pm
Ep 13-14:
I actually don’t understand DR’s flip flop in ep 13. She finally confirmed her feelings in that sweet kiss. Then becos Mari manipulated her into meeting KKJ’s father, who turns out to be YJ’s father, and becos Mari gives her back the ring, she decides to turn her back on KKJ again. I don’t follow the logic of it, Except that it is taboo in Korea to love one brother and then another. That shouldn’t be enough of a deterrent tho, becos they can go to the U.S. together, leaving behind Asian ethics, right?
Ep 14:
Ep 14 is even more confusing. I feel that the writing is all over the place.
KKJ is mad at DR, becos she comes across as just wanting KKJ to save YJ. Who can blame him? He says he wants to go to Germany to get treatment. His father is supposed to carry blood gotten fr KKJ to go meet YJ’s body in Germany for treatment to take place. Does that make sense to anybody??
Then Mari alerts DR to KKJ’s intention to run away. DR appears at the airport to tell KKJ that he must stick around to save YJ, that the parents r remorseful over what they did to KKJ, that she loves him n will live unhappily for the rest of her life! WTH? I’m pretty willing to suspend disbelief and go w the flow when watching KDs, but the logic of her behavior escapes me.
DR, why not say: Pls stick around to save yourself, if YJ’s body dies, your soul will also be in danger. Save both of you, so that you’ll live on and we can be together n have a bright future, n have kids like Teddy Bear and Rabbit?
The last 10 mins, is even more baffling:
The writers r shuffling an idea down our throats, which is that the min. the blood transfer takes place, their souls will switch back! They r preparing the audience for when that happens. But how the hell can anyone inside the show (the chars) know this? It’s not exactly general knowledge, right?
Don’t get me wrong, I loved this show up to the last 15 mins. of ep 13, and I really really love Gong Yoo, n think that his acting can’t be topped. I hope he gets all kinds of awards for this.
Plot-wise, I sort of expected better from the Hong sisters.
July 18th, 2012 at 1:56 pm
GONG YOO IS THE BEST,HAHA
July 18th, 2012 at 2:04 pm
@Julia,
U r welcome. We come here to share our love and joy in watching KD, n sometimes our puzzlement n frustration too.
In ep 14:
Oh, one more thing: Witch-mom explains that YJ n KKJ came from two eggs harvested from her (at the same time). One was fertilized first, in vitro, i.e. became a test-tube baby. That egg n baby became YJ. The other egg was kept in waiting, to be fertilized later. So their fates could have been reversed, if the other egg, which became KKJ, was taken to be fertilized 1st instead. The pt of that confession is that the boys’ fates have been intertwined from the very beginning, that one is the other, n vice versa.
At the end of ep 14:
When GY wakes up, u can see him giving his surroundings a good look-around, as if he hasn’t seen him for a while. That makes me think it is YJ waking up in his own body, unless the show is deliberately jerking us around.
On a lighter note:
KKJ is in the airport, walking away from Mari. M calls DR to come n stop KKJ fr disappearing. DR gets there abracadabra! She arrives b4 KKJ goes 20 ft! Amazing how that can happen, n always does in KDs!
KKJ looks at his Boarding pass. It says: LA. He is supposed to be flying to Germany. And in airline lingo, LA is always LAX. Hee.
20 eps? Heard the rumor. Haven’t seem any confirmation hitherto.
July 18th, 2012 at 2:08 pm
Watch B
July 18th, 2012 at 2:47 pm
Except for Gongyoo and some funnies, I rarely enjoy this drama since the beginning. I think it’s bec I hv never rooted for DR ending up with KJ in either bodies and bec of this, I couldn’t connect with ep 13 at all. Since part of the joy of watching a drama is to hv the leads hv a happy ending, I hv not seen this possibility available for DR from ep 1. It was a boring character to start with, and after 14 eps I find her pitiful. She went from blindly in love to wondering if she was really loved. Then she suffered from YJ ‘dying’, pinning for him, covering for him for his lost soul, spent a couple of eps falling out of love with him and falling in love with KJ, then losing KJ. Nobody wants anybody to die, so if the souls swap back and KJ wakes up, DR can’t possibly end up with either brother. For what I ask for what. Give DR a break, it is she who needs a miracle in the last 2 hours left.
July 18th, 2012 at 3:01 pm
i’m curious what happened next in the episode 15
who do you think friends? is he still KKJ or YJ?
July 18th, 2012 at 6:50 pm
agree wth @ SeGa_Fan-668
I think it’s still KKJ soul coz YJ’s soul never exist since the accident..only KJ’s soul who switching to their body but I dont know if the writer have other explanations ?!!!
I think the title of book whose made by YJ’s father and KJ’s birth mother
must change to be ‘Miracle brings a misery’.. they met did not brings happiness, but suffering more to one of them..
that’s why in a real life ppl say ” don’t play as a GOD “.
life wasn’t a gift from human, no one can predict the fate…
Goong Yoo is the only one in my screen in this eps.!!! love him muaccccccccch
July 18th, 2012 at 8:45 pm
i’m very confuse about ep 14. YJ parents said KJ and YJ are fraternal twins? and the age gap is wasn’t 12 years. how come?? i don’t get it with that. can anybody explain it?
@KDaddict
and when in the airpot, i don’t get it what da ran said. but in the end she said that she love kang kyun joon right?
i agree, da ran should say like @KDaddict said. the dialoge in the airpot is not touching and make me confuse with the meaning.
July 18th, 2012 at 8:54 pm
but the saddest moment is when KKJ tell da ran “i’m going to act as if everything i went through after the accident never happened. gil daran you should too, promise”, he said happily and tell DR don’t be sad but then he cries :'(((
GONG YOO IT’S AMAZING
July 18th, 2012 at 9:02 pm
Ep14
Angst, noble idiocy and i-love-you-but we-aren’t-meant-for-each other concept which i really can’t stand in a drama i ‘m crazily in love with the male lead. It’s Hong sister’s style to separate their OTP in ep 14 and it is mostly along with angst. But here it is too much. We haven’t had that many sweet love moments between our OTP and the girl never clearly has showen her love. So making KJ who is the most innocent and loveliest one in this drama to go trough such a painful process is really cruel. You are really playing with our hearts H.sisters.
Now, i want YJ and KJ to return to their bodies. For now i ‘m not sure DR’s love is purely for KJ or a part of it, is in result of him being in her long loved fiance’s body. DR is always confused and never shows us she just loves KJ. I wanted a scene like she goes to hospital and stares at KJ’s body with affection or imagines herself with him in his own body but we didn’t see such scenes. So KJ must be back and DR has to fight for him to show us she loves KJ in his own body, otherwise i’d get soooooooooooo angry. I miss KJ’s body and considering the first episode the chemistry between LMJ and Shin was good.
It seems YJ is back. His eyes were like “where am i? what’s happening here”. KJ’s eyes aren’t like that.
July 18th, 2012 at 10:02 pm
Yes!! As u all said gong yoo is the best in this drama. His acting are the best in this drama. He is so sexy and cute in almost every scene. He should get many awards from kbs by his acting. Oh God!!! I’m crazy for him ha ha ha!! The only thing I think weak is its story line. Its too confusing and pretty boring in some episodes. But I’m a big fan of big. I saw the photos of gong yoo and the kids from his hospital in some sites. They are very adorable. Gong yoo u make our heart melt. You can be a good husband and father. Hey I found that lee min jung is not very suited to her character. I know her acting is good. But she’s not very suited to gdr. lmj is a goddess of beauty. But gdr role is very innocent and idiotic. I only sense lee min jung’s innocence when she is smiling and crying .Hey don’t get me wrong. I’m also a fan of lee min jung and also love her. I just discuss my thoughts. Please discuss my thoughts. Please don’t hate me.
July 18th, 2012 at 10:56 pm
I actually enjoyed Ep 14 cos I found it so touching and GY’s acting, as usual so awesome. Mari, I think wasn’t as bad because although it wasn’t right for her to lie in Episode 13, she kind of redeemed herself in Episode 14 because unlike GDR, she was steadfast in her affections for KKJ and she genuinely cared for him. Look at how fast she reacted (running to check on KKJ) in the last scene when she heard that YJ collapsed!! Lots of moral implications on man trying to play God but in Episode 14, from a woman’s point of view, and being realistic here, I understand where the “evil” mum was coming from when she revealed that she couldn’t love KKJ because he came from her husband’s true love”s womb. Of course she’s selfish and mean but …she’s a mother too to YJ and she loves him without conditions. As for GDR, she’s an idiot, but in a cute way and in her own way, she did what she thought best in order to save KKJ, even in YJ’s body, just as I believe Mari would also let YJ be if it means that this is the only way that KKJ can survive. I also believe that the one in the last scene is KKJ in YJ’s body, and YJ’s soul has somehow gone to save another child’s life – one of the kids, meaning YJ or rather KKJ, physically is dead.
July 18th, 2012 at 11:56 pm
Gong Yoo acting in this drama is superb. he is so talented.
July 19th, 2012 at 1:11 am
I think the writers need to get their heads examined. The whole premise is iffy at best to begin w.
OK, let’s say we all started out buying the soul switch thingy. Next KKJ falls for Gil Teacher big time. Come to think of it, we might readily understand a high school boy’s crush on a teacher, but true love, urh…… I know, I know, true love needs no reason. The strength n dedication in that love leaves a credibility gap that I’m willing to overlook when everything else is going smoothly. For much of the show, DR falls in love w Cutie Pie, feels too guilty to show it, then can’t help showing it, ending w the kiss. That much I’m on board with. The show loses me at the end of ep 13:
Poor KKJ is in so much pain over finding out the secrets of his birth. GDR chooses that moment to pretend to have only cared abt him so as to get him to save YJ! That’s not adding salt, but cyanide, to injury. Worse, I have no idea why she has to do that! Do you?
As kdfan says, GDR is indeed not a well-written char. She is a simpleton, with little idea of what is going on around her, be it regarding YJ or Mari. To be played by a girl, a rival in love who is 8 years younger, is just pathetic. However, I feel that Lee MJ is giving it her all. It isn’t her fault that her char is an idiot.
At this pt, I almost feel that whoever is waking up in GY’s body is a random fancy of the writers’.
I started out so giddy w excitement over the current 3 rom-coms. 2 out of 3 have failed me plot-wise twds the end. AGD is just too simple a story, w too little progress, to be engrossing. When their runs r over, I for one need to take a break, n get my head examined, along w the Hong sisters’.
July 19th, 2012 at 3:14 am
didn’t like to see KKJ crying to leave and forgetting gil da ran.. hiks, this drama almost ended … aahhh :((. I think this is best drama and Gong Yoo is really the best best besttttt actor, you’re Star!!^^v
July 19th, 2012 at 3:37 am
I think the one waking up in YJ’s body at end of ep 14 is still KJ.
July 19th, 2012 at 3:54 am
…uffffs i’m soooo excited and thrilled for the nx ep.. i like the idea of the writer that when they switched back to their bodies, KKJ will forget everything.. but how about GDR? again, history repeat itself? she will sacrifice for the sake of YJ just like KKJ mom’s did? OMG.. i don’t know what to say but i think there’s a big big twist in the end.. KKJ character suits very well in YJ body but i think it’s not proper and inappropriate if KKJ itself will still act and cling to GDR.. hehe
.. please give us a good ending and a memorable one.. keep it up!
July 19th, 2012 at 11:30 am
@sw – #679
yes, it was said that YJ and KKJ are fraternal twins (I have not watched the ep. though). But read it from some other sites. YJ’s mum prob went for fertility treatment, and both YJ and KKJ were conceived together, but they choose to freeze one of the embryo (which is KKJ) and when YJ became sick, and needed a sibling’s stem cell, KKJ came into the pic. But for some reason, YJ’s mum couldn’t a baby,thus they had to “borrow” his dad’s lover’s womb.
July 19th, 2012 at 5:35 pm
All i can say is that as long i find a series interesting either it is silly, immature, funny or (sometimes a bit sad), i’ll still watch it.. anyway, the reason why i am watching these series is to pass time and be entertained, i don’t need those depth thingy or something, besides im not a pro critic who can analyze the the show’s integrity just because it is not going to the plot i wished it should be directed..
although me personally, i always wanted a show either a movie or a drama series ends happily.. so i only hope for both of my favorites so far (BIG and AGD) is… please to end happily.. happily means, main charaters end up with each other…
yaaaay so sweet!!
peace to all!!
July 19th, 2012 at 8:52 pm
thankyou SeGa_Fan, It means that one embryo was taken from his mother’s womb? and freeze it? it’s really make me confuse. i think KKJ was made after YJ sick, but actually KKJ and YJ were fraternal twins. unpredictable!
July 19th, 2012 at 9:53 pm
@sw
Yes it is unpredictable…though actually I don’t how much twist them being fraternal twins had added to the plot.
Anyway, here’s a link to an article about a pair of twins who were born five years apart :
July 19th, 2012 at 10:17 pm
@SeGa_Fan
whoaaaaa i search articel about those method (twins who were born several years apart), because i’m very corious but i didn’t find. thank you for your info
July 19th, 2012 at 10:39 pm
@clairerosean Yeah me too, sometimes haha. Most of the time, I just want to enjoy the drama without thinking too much as long as it’s within its limits without being too ridiculous. Agree, too much criticism sometimes takes away the enjoyment. I think what’s most important is what you think and like. I do that most of the time, just watch what I like, and disregard all the criticism, if any. I like both Big and AGD too. Peace
July 20th, 2012 at 12:02 am
@ sw
No problem
July 20th, 2012 at 8:37 am
The Cupples That I Want to End up Together:
Kang Kyung Joon and Gil Da Ran
Gil Choong Sik and Jang Ma Ri
Na Hyo Sang and Lee ae Kyung
Seo Yoon Jae and Lee Se Young
Kim Yeong Ok and Kang Hyuk Soo
July 20th, 2012 at 10:05 am
We certainly watch KD for enjoyment. I don’t think anyone is watching for school credit or financial gain.
It doesn’t mean we have to swallow everything line, hook and sinker. We notice it when something is jarring, and say so. On a lot of other sites, viewers exchange views, n the exchange adds to the enjoyment. Just becos we r puzzled and voice it doesn’t mean there is ill-will towards the show or its lovers. Perhaps this is evolving into a website that only Raves r allowed.
If anyone understands why GDR feels compelled to tell KKJ that she has only been sticking around w him becos she wants him to save YJ, please explain it. I for one am clueless.
July 20th, 2012 at 12:17 pm
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH HURRY UP EPISODE 15 & 16
July 20th, 2012 at 3:34 pm
korean series/drama really knows how to make a story more interesting and more confusing that can make you say “urgghh >.< i need to know what will happen next?? who will be together in the end?? will the last episode be great? and will make you say the series is great !! "
and the best thing that every korean drama you watch.. you will learned something new from it. hehe
July 20th, 2012 at 3:35 pm
i mean you will learn something new from it.. 24th, 2012 at 6:32 pm
hoooooooooooooyyy….a sadness episode ever after…so many tears !!! why why this only 16 eps…not enough to watch Goong Yoo n Da ran loves…more plz !!
July 24th, 2012 at 6:39 pm
@hny
actually, i ever heard that this drama previously would made 18 eps. but yesterday the home production announced in the website to cancel make it until 18 eps, but just 16 eps….
damn…
July 24th, 2012 at 7:48 pm
@park jun hee
I think Goong Yoo payment is really Big..That’s why No more eps
July 24th, 2012 at 8:00 pm
@240712
I really really love your comment and appreciate for writing it so beautiful. I exactly think the same about love. Excellent idea.
July 24th, 2012 at 10:29 pm
niiiiiiiiice
July 24th, 2012 at 11:12 pm
GONG YOO MUST ACCEPT AWARDS FOR THIS DRAMA. HE IS SO TALENTED!! I’M GONNA REALLY MAD IF HE DOESN’T ACCEPT ANY AWARD!
July 24th, 2012 at 11:21 pm
Ep 16, Finale:
Strange ending.
All that build-up with the fluctuating readings on the heart monitor in the hospital room doesn’t get used.
All the talk of them swapping back, and the concomitant “necessary” loss of memory dont surface in this final ep.
It just ended in what feels to me like a big cope out. KKJ goes to Germany in YJ’s body. 1 year later he is back, with his memory intact. So the two of them are together. That’s fine. That’t the main thing we care about.
As for the plot, well, it just flies away, with the birds………
July 24th, 2012 at 11:30 pm
i want more as kkj, da ran… just hanging… more222222222
July 25th, 2012 at 12:04 am
wow… this film is end with Kyung Joon – Da Ran! and Kyung Joon seem like his fraternal twins after 1 year -.-
July 25th, 2012 at 12:34 am
oh my God. I don’t give a damn if Da Ran will be ended up with KKJ as long as its Goong Yoo. I think it will be weird if Da Ran and Yon Jae back together again.
Well, two thumbs for Goong Yoo because his acting is sooo amazing!
Can’t wait for his next drama ^^
July 25th, 2012 at 1:21 am
looks like YJ life is end up miserable. DR didn’t ask his apology? it should be 17 or 18 episode. to much story unrevealed. it doesn’t give a chance to YJ to explain that he is looking for KKJ and answer DR question before. is KKJ finally accept YJ as his brother and not hating him again (didn’t think YJ is selfish again)
July 25th, 2012 at 3:03 am
need more ep for yj to explain everything!
July 25th, 2012 at 3:16 am
1st season :
Moon embrace the sun vs wild romance vs dream high 2
[winner –> Moon Embrace The Sun]
2nd season :
Rooftop Prince vs King2Heart vs love rain vs queen inhyun vs fashion king
[winner –> Rooftop Prince]
3rd season :
I do i do vs Big vs dr jin vs gaksital vs gentleman dignity vs ghost
[winner –> Big]
4th season :
to beautiful you vs arang and magistrate
[who would be the amazing drama next season???]
July 25th, 2012 at 4:05 am
well, i said that i really enjoy this story…. OMG, just finished watch ep 15. and i want to cry!!!!!! :'(
July 25th, 2012 at 5:46 am
Ep15
I loved it. Displaying of pure love. New look of love. I love how KJ wants to protect DR. He knows he is going to disappear. He can enjoy the moment and make lots of new memories but he chooses to sacrifies his love to protect DR. I love this concept. Although i don’t like that he doesn’t give her any option and decides by himself. I feel sympathy for DR. She doesn’t know what to do. After overcoming the love dilemma, KJ says he doen’t remember anything. What she can do? She ‘s just confused and if you look from her point of view, it’s compeletly understandable. I’m sure KJ will remember everything even after returnig to his body, coz love and memories are in ones heart not head. Really, such a beautiful concept. Hong sisters really can do it.
Again, GY, You are super super super great.The first scene-KJ’s dream was the presentation of GY’s ability as an actor. Even his eyes, his facial expression, his walking is different when he is KJ.
July 25th, 2012 at 7:12 am
EP 15 is just amaizing and really sad! i love it i wonder what will be the end!!
as for GY an DR acting is amaizing espacailly GY he is born to be an actor it will be infaire if he doesn’t get any awerds for it!
this is totally the drama of the season!!! i wonder why rating are soo low it’s extraordinary!!????
July 25th, 2012 at 8:57 am
and the BIG fever is over…
maybe, the last episode wasnt good enough to fill all those unrevealed questions but it it just an iceberg of the whole mountain.
yeah, the story has its own flaws but this also made the story beautiful. Defining love in different way.. and conquering it in their own way… Still the best drama for me.
Wooh. Surely Gong Yoo will be missed. I pray that we will not wait another 5 years to see him acting, because I believe he was made for this. His acting is really superb, even without uttering words, message was sent to all the viewers. right? I know, all the big fans knew what I meant..
ALso, credit for Leeminjung and the whole staff of BIG. You are all great people.
Gong Yoo: Oppa, you are well appreciated. Pls. do another series, movies, and we will wait for you..
10:10 will always be remembered, PANDA couple will always be here, the ride to the moon, will always be possible, the KANG wind will always blow, the Teacher Da ran bread will always be seen, PORORO song will always be sing, and all the good memories and lesson learnt will always be in our hearts.. Kamsamhamnida..
by the way, this is the first korean drama that I watched with the same time airing.. and waiting is so frustrating.. never will do it again, but for BIG, all the painful waiting is all worth it..
Ajah GOng yoo. mahal kita!! ^___^. always wear that beautiful smile and beautiful YOO.. :))
July 25th, 2012 at 10:36 am
Ep. 16:
“Open-ended”, somewhat like Rooftop Prince ending. Mari said in her email to DR that “both of them are back”. At the last scene, the person who alighted and called after DR was never shown, the camera only showed him under the umbrella and his hand holding the umbrella, though it is definitely KKJ as he was wearing the watch from DR. And there were only flashbacks of YJ (KKJ) and DR. So the person who came back one year later to meet DR could actually be KKJ in his own body or KKJ still in YJ body (if Mari had lied again). The writer leave it to viewers to make up their own conclusion.
For me, I would choose the latter, I would prefer to be KKJ in YJ’s body.
July 25th, 2012 at 10:59 am..I AM HAVING THE BIGGEST DRAMA HANGOVER EVER.gosh!this is nuts
July 25th, 2012 at 11:02 am
this show has given a lot for us to remember them by just #767 hv listed…that’s what made it sooooo sad for me to let go..the journey has been a great one!i love gong yoo!
July 25th, 2012 at 1:05 pm
thank you for the cast and crew of Big for giving us this drama even though it pissed me off sometimes and almost give up on it LOL.. Gong Yoo <3 thank you for the excellent performance that you have done with this drama because of your extraordinary performance I have continued to support this drama, heads up to lee min jung too! Hope gong yoo will do another drama soon
July 25th, 2012 at 1:37 pm
@kdbig Your comment echoed my thoughts exactly .. save me the time to voice them out heehee
TQ
July 25th, 2012 at 2:24 pm
yeah, exactly what all people say….. ep 15 are so sad! the best sad eps…. i can feel what da ran feel when her love will gone as soon as……
@jennie hey, we meet again onii
July 25th, 2012 at 2:25 pm
wow, amazing….!!! last eps the rating is in top 5!!!
July 25th, 2012 at 2:27 pm
wait, anybody have the soft sub??? i just download ep 16. but didnt have the sub… plis give the link below. thanks^^
July 25th, 2012 at 2:32 pm
BIG Ep 16 (Ending) Eng sub
July 25th, 2012 at 3:49 pm
@768
BIG agree with you!!.
This is open-ended story like rooftop prince!
July 25th, 2012 at 5:42 pm
darn, the ending was like a rush end for something you want to end. they didnt give any justice for the entire story it was like a cliff hanger. it should have a part 2! i love the whole story but the ending was disappointing!
July 25th, 2012 at 5:45 pm
it ending with so many ‘?..?’ …they supposed make ‘BIG session 2′
not fascinated with this ending..but I’m so fascinated with Goong Yoo..hope he get a reward for his job…and also the BIG crew ..good job tq for entertain us..BRAVO BIG
July 25th, 2012 at 7:43 pm
@Park Jun Hee
I disagree with ur comment. How can you decide that Big is the winner among the good dramas like Ghost and Gaksital. Gentleman’s dignity is even waaay better than Big. For me, Big is just a mess like Fashion King. The writer disappoints me a lot. There are so many holes in the story that make me confused. I’m surprised that nobody in this thread complain about it.
In season 2, the winner is obviously Queen Inhyun’s Man. I reckon it’s the best drama in 2012 so far. So, I think your judgement is based on your preference.
July 25th, 2012 at 7:51 pm
We all agree that Gong Yoo is Beyond Fantastic n LMJ does a gt job here. The story is something else. And the Ending is truly disappointing. I don’t think it is open ended. I think the last 15 mins, the finale are plain confused, confusing, lame, and a failure.
Here is why:
1. Mari says in her email to DR that the brothers have swapped back, n they r fine. Really? They have swapped back, and we don’t get to see the swap??? You can’t deal with a scene that is sooo central to the story by having Mari emailing DR, n us!
2. Where is Shin, if they’ve swapped back? We should get to see KKJ as played by Shin, post-swap. Where on earth is that KKJ in his own body?
3. 1 year later, KKJ shows up on the bus n follows DR off the bus, still in YJ’s body! WTF? Are you playing w our minds? Mari just says that they swapped back!
4. The point of this story is that DR loves KKJ for himself, all 20 years of age of him, (whether you like the idea or agree w it is another thing). So when he returns, aren’t they supposed to show us DR n KKJ in his own body making gooey eyes at each other? That’s called closure, coming full circle, making good on the promise of the plot, making sense. Having KKJ remain in Gong Yoo’s body is a plain cope out, becos it’ll be jarring for the audience to see DR with the real KKJ. Cowardice in writing. If you don’t have the guts to end up there, don’t lead the audience in that direction for 16 episodes.
5. What is the pt of that 1 year??? You are a better viewer if you get it, for I sure don’t.
Next time when I hear that the Hong sisters have a new show, I’ll be that much less excited.
Love Gong Yoo! <3 <3 <3
July 25th, 2012 at 7:59 pm
@caca-780,
You said no one has complained abt it. Well, I was just writing the complaint at the same moment that you were saying that! You know, sometimes complaining explicitly abt a drama can be hazardous, as ppl who love it can get upset.
@park,
BIG, AGD, I do I do are light, romantic comedies. They provide fun summer viewing that is not taxing on our attention or synapses. Currently there are 3 really good dramas that belong in other genres: Chaser, Gaksital, Ghost are dark, intense and serious. I’m about to catch up on them, n have confidence that they’ll be worthy shows.
July 25th, 2012 at 8:10 pm
yeah, I think that the ending was disappointing, but as we can see big can have a good rating in the end (actually it grows from 10th to 5th)
I agree with anyone who says it needs more chapters to explain what happened to YJ and KKJ. But still, this is an amazing drama from Goong Yoo. Also Lee Min Jung plays Da Ran very well.
July 25th, 2012 at 8:13 pm
One more thing, I really feel sorry for Shin Won Ho. He must be excited when he become the main cast of this drama. Unfortunately, what he need to do is just laying down on the bed. I have nothing against him but I just wanna laugh everytime I remember it. I blame Hong sister’s for wasting his talent. It would be interesting if Kyung Joon return to his body.It will surely challenge Daran’s love to Kyung Joon. And if Da ran still accepts him then we will be sure that her love is real. For me, Da Ran just loves Kyung Joon because he is in Yoon Jae’s body.
July 25th, 2012 at 8:28 pm
@season 2 the winner is king 2 hearts hehehe
July 25th, 2012 at 8:59 pm
@park jun hee Hi ‘wave, wave’ , happy to see you here too. What else are you watching now? I am following A Gentleman’s Dignity and Bridal Mask online and watching Ghost, Chaser and Bride of the Sun on cable TV. Looking forward to watching Five Fingers with Joo Ji Hoon (guy from Princess Hours/Goong, which is after AGD. Am not very active these days on the comments but I still check them out, so hope to see you in some of these threads
July 25th, 2012 at 9:08 pm
I think Big started with a great story.But ended so bad. The producer should extend the episode. 16 episodes is not enough for the plot. So many stories had to be rushed. That’s so Caca said that there’s so many holes in the story. And yes!! Shin Won Ho didn’t get his best role for this drama. And the ending should tell everything that happens in that 1 year and shows real KKJ’s life dan SYJ’s life of course. I’m really disappointed about the ending.
July 25th, 2012 at 9:12 pm
The ending is so bad. Do you even call it an ending?
The only benefit of swapping back, to me, is to see Shin come back to life and show us his pretty face. But guess what, you don’t get to see it. All you get is wondering, in a bad way.
Gong yoo is a great actor, I get it. But I have seen him as KKJ for too long, I want to see real KKJ, even if it is just for a little while in the last ep, but you can have it, that’s all the ending is saying.
A very disappointing show, wasted all the talents in the show, big time.
July 25th, 2012 at 9:14 pm
Sorry. Typo. I meant to say you can’t have it, not you can have it.
July 25th, 2012 at 9:20 pm
The good thing is Olympic is coming. I will take a break from watching KD, I have too many countries to cheer for. Of cause, kD land is one of them. Will we have an olympic thread on this web site?
July 25th, 2012 at 9:29 pm
well you know right now i’m watching Big in KBS WORLD which yesterday broadcast was Ep10 i couldn’t get along with not knowing what happened and i get online checking out the Recaps and …
SO while not watching the Last Ep but from what i’m hearing around here and by s.th which i read in recaps … Gong Yo Yet follows Gil Teacher around in the last scenes as it’s just Yet KKJ restored in his own body but because we are used to seeing him as Dr.Seo they are showing him in this way to us … OK; the only reasons for which for them they want to kill our nerves must be that they just need to end the screen by Gong Yo Passing by after Gil Teacher … we sure DID enjoyed his play in KKJ role But Come on we have to see Gil Teacher with KKJ Body at last for once … it is a bit annoying for a story and play which was just more and more satisfying than what it had to be …
But Yet if really the writer Ends Gil Teacher and KKJ “THE REAL ONE ; Soul and Shell Together KKJ ONE!” together then yet it feels good enough but if it would turn out to be s.th to be witnessed then it would be a GRAND ENDING …
feels like the scenes that you really waited for them to be on screen for Harry Potter Movies But Director just didn’t even put them in script … THE scenes You would die to see but never to be able to…
any way ; just for an ending which i expected more i should not forget ,
HOW AWESOME THE WHOLE DRAMA IT WAS …
I LIKED THE STORY 501% Yeah … This High as a TS … it was fabulous at least till Ep10 which i watched every Ep which got ended i would Continue it with a WOW and a Great Look on my face so Perfect so Awesome … I’ll Keep watching the rest … Thankyu for this great piece
BIG IS AWESOME THANKYU
July 25th, 2012 at 10:03 pm
Yes!! As u all said the ending is a lot confusing and disappointing. I think they just have to extend at least two more episodes. Why don’t they do it? But I still appreciate the actors and actresses. They showed great performance. Gong yoo show the perfect performance here. He and lee min jung showed great chemistry between them. What a lovely couple!!! I noticed that gong yoo always show great chemistry with all the actresses he acted with such as yoon eun hye Im soo jung sung yuri Kim sun ah etc. But i love him with yoon eun hye and Im soo jung most. Gong yoo please come back immediately with a movie or drama. Although the ending is ridiculous I stil love big. Love gong yoo fighting!!!
July 25th, 2012 at 10:24 pm
I think the writers had started a great fantasy but couldn’t really wrap it up. They couldn’t bring KKJ back in Shin’s body cos that wouldn’t satisfy the viewers, they couldn’t bring KKJ back in Gong’s body cos there’s no excuse for that. but DR had to be with KKJ because that’s the story all along, hence the ambiguous ending, showing a no face KKJ, obviously more resemblance to Gong than Shin from the view of his back, just to satisfy the viewers and keep the fantasy in tact. The writers should have planned better, I supposed.
July 25th, 2012 at 10:28 pm
Well, I made the right decision for abandoned this drama after ep 6 or 7. I was excited for GY/LMJ pairing but such a disappointment. The story started out as cute and funny but went down hill after ep 5-6 (in my opinion) to the point that is ridiculous and non sense. Now after reading today comments I am glad that I didn’t waste my 10 precious hours to finish it. How could a writer do this? Isn’t she a professional writer? Yes it’s for entertainment purposes but she needs to b responsible for her writing.
I have to agree with Cara: I didnt believe DR loves KKJ from the beginning and up til now; what she sees in KKJ is YJ since KKJ is still in YJ’s body. Also why did Shin sign up for this role for just lying there the whole time. Didnt he read the script before signing up for it? I often wonder why ppl do what they do.
Oh well I have been taking a break from KDs for a month now and it’s time to watch the Olympics. Hope there’ll b a better drama coming soon.
Cheers!!!!
July 25th, 2012 at 10:32 pm
@KDaddict
I think the one year lapse helped us to understand why (in the last scene) the no-face man’s (KKJ) back looked more like Gong than Shin, cos he had grown (a year older). KKJ and YJ were twins to start. That’s just my interpretation.
July 25th, 2012 at 10:46 pm
I actually went back to rewatch the bus and umbrella scene in the first episode. I gotta say Shin and LMJ had good chemistry and they did look good together! What a waste! I was so looking forward to seeing the Shin KKJ and DR together at the end.
July 26th, 2012 at 12:29 am
So disappointed with the last two episodes. So many gaping holes and unanswered questions and no neat closure to the ending. Surprised that the Hong Sisters did not utilize the last two episodes effectively to show the after swap effect and it’s impact on DR, KKJ and YJ but instead just dragged out the episodes by fillers until the last 15 mins.
The reunion scene between DR and KKJ in YJ’s body left me bewildered and confused as we know from Ma Ri ‘s letter that the switch back had happened. If the writer did not want KKJ to return to his own body, then they should have rewritten the plot that the swap was a failure and YJ died
in KKJ’s body. Hence, it would have been easier for viewers to accept the fact that KKJ still came back in YJ’s body.
Anyway, despite the many flaws and setbacks in this drama, at least I get to enjoy the wonderful chemistry and awesome performance of the OTPs.
July 26th, 2012 at 1:38 am
What’s with the ending??? I like Gong Joo but feel like totally a waste of time watching this drama….
July 26th, 2012 at 1:57 am
…the ending of BIG was sooo disappointing. (as per the last episode). though for me seeing the true KKJ and DR’s closeness is not appropriate, but it’s not also reasonable just to end it that way, right? maybe 1-2 ep is enough to elaborate the ending..
.but, as per 795 Micc- i think he/she has a point! nobody think of that, right? but of course they should explain it further. a year is not enough to be that matured and looks like SYJ. but i think you get the point of the writer.
thanks to MICC 795- u gave us another side of the ending. but i pity SYJ, what happened to him? haysssssst.. i want to see the real KKJ act, he’s so cute..
overall, if we will conclude that KKJ looks like SYJ after a year, the ending was perfect! but they should prolonged the “after years” it’s better if after 5 years? coz it’s not realistic, right..
but all in all, the whole drama was good. watch this guys!
July 26th, 2012 at 2:03 am
..please read the comment/interpretation of 795 MICC for clarification and satisfaction of this kdrama.. i think she has a point coz i love this drama since it started. hehe.. i like her idea/point of view..!
July 28th, 2012 at 5:06 am
Will their be any special episodes of Big_105<<_106<<_107<<??
August 14th, 2012 at 4:33 am
Front part of the drama is nice….but at the end part it gets borring and damn draggy….dont like it….and very dissapointed! I force myself to finish it..i dont like the female lead’s acting….very annoying (my oppinion) dont mean to offend her fans k…
August 15th, 2012 at 10:25 am
end of the story is not good…. too simple …. many problems at the beginning of the story just disappeared and no solution.
August 15th, 2012 at 4:14 pm
ENDING TOO ABRUPT AND LEAVES ONE WITH A BAD TASTE IN THE MOUTH NOT KNOWING WHETHER WHO GETS WHOM. WE ARE LEFT TO GUESS THE ENDING OF THE DRAMA.
ON THE BRIGHTER SIDE, MY WIFE AND I ENJOYED WATCHING LEE MIN JUNG EACH TIME SHE APPEARS ON THE SMALL SCREEN: SO BEAUTIFUL TO LOOK AT EVEN WHEN SHE’S CRYING.
August 15th, 2012 at 4:15 pm
the writer don’t know how to end his story. so he keep it simple without solution and left us to think our own version. xD
August 16th, 2012 at 2:22 pm
actually I really enjoyed with the story from bigining,
coz it’s long time wait GY act in drama after watch her act in coffe prince.
but I disappointed with the ending. there are many question unanswered, such as
– how feelings YJ to DR?
– what caused YJ falter before their wedding?
– what words will be YJ spoken to DR before the accident?
– How YJ after surgery?
– Did he know DR relationship with KJ? and did he forget DR?
argh…. I’m very confused!
I hope there are 2-3 extra episodes to make it all clear.
August 16th, 2012 at 3:08 pm
I really like the storyline, unpredictable
August 17th, 2012 at 4:56 am
the ending is bored, but i think in the end DR with KJ, Ma Ri with Choong Sik, KJ didn’t remember his memory when in YJ’s body, but when DR say that she love him, KJ will …. ^^
August 17th, 2012 at 5:17 am
YJ’s feeling ?? … but relationship with DR is end when DR tell her family that she have affair with KKJ, last episode DR heard KKJ voice, not YJ’s voice, he also wear the watch, for drama that BIG like this, it’s not a good time for have ambiguous ending.
August 17th, 2012 at 5:20 am
i was wondered, why Da Ran’s left eye use more black things than the right eye ? hha
August 18th, 2012 at 12:17 am
Very dissapointing ending…… had so much hope for a fairy tale ending based on the positive reviews of the writers, humpphhhh………………
August 19th, 2012 at 1:43 am
i loooooove the storyline! but the the ending is so damn confusing!! however i started to like shin won ho since i watch this drama xD though he only was on episode one T___T how cruel that the producer makes him just slept in hospital for 15 episode LOL .Overall i can say that this drama worth to be watched !
August 24th, 2012 at 9:18 pm
well… its really confusing me about the ending! gezzz-_-
firstly i watch this because of shin won ho! his acting are going well at the 1st episod, but why the pd-nim only made him slept more at the hospital?
isn’t he must get more scene like 49days that Jihyun still the main lead. how could it be??
and it confused why the end of story not the real of KKJ out by bus? and why KKJ didnt go back to his real bodys? and why he still in YJ body? feel sad!! I WANT THE REAL KKJ NOT YJ!! ><
well this drama is really funny to watch, even shin won ho not that much at screen T-T
August 24th, 2012 at 10:21 pm
dissapointed with the ending, too much expectation it will be nice ending, but lovely with cinematography, and acting the actor and actres. I Wish, any second storys for repackage the ending…
August 25th, 2012 at 1:14 pm
i think KJ and YJ aren’t switch their body again because photo Miracle was broke by the children, i think the main of this drama is that picture. So KJ shout MaRi to lie to DaRan, because KJ want make a surprise fot DaRan and chance to do what KJ tell’s in the past.. it’s my opinion
August 27th, 2012 at 12:01 am
The story and the ending wasn’t that bad at all. The question left hanging was the answer of YJ to DR and what would it be? In its mid-episodes it showed that YJ really loved DR – not elaborated that much. I like the twist of the story because you’ll crave to know if YJ and KJ will switch body on the last episode. It always leaves you a blank answer in every episodes. Also the love story of SY<- YJ KJ ->MR.
The title “big” gave the notion of how an immature guy would handle things out in a body of a mature guy. The story plot was like the korean drama 49 days. (that’s my opinion)
August 27th, 2012 at 10:34 pm
Gong yoo oppa wowwwww so amazing…….. handsome,sexy, and hot. Look at eps 13, he is so hot .love gong yoo
August 29th, 2012 at 12:11 am
The first episodes made me cant stop watch BIG, but sadly the ending not good enough.
August 29th, 2012 at 2:29 am
Kenapa selama KJ ada di dalam tubuh YJ tidak pernah sekalipun bertanya pada DR..apakah DR juga akan mencintai KJ bila dia berada di tubuhnyaa aslinya? Seharusnya selama KJ berada di dalam tubuh YJ ada beberapa scene yang memperlihatkan KJ sebagaimana asli’a KJ tetapi hanya sebagai ruh’a saja. Dan seharusnya ada scene dimana DR melihat KJ sebagaimana dia berumur 19tahun bukan sebagai KJ yang ada di dalam tubuh YJ. Kuberitahu satu hal lagi! Seharusnya di scene terakhir yang berlari keluar bus dan masuk kebawah naungan payung DR itu adalah KJ dengan tubuh umur 19tahunnya bukan KJ dengan tubuh milik YJ!!!! Hal itu sungguh membuatku sangat kecewa!!!! a..ada satu lagi..aku sangat menunggu-nunggu adegan2 romantis dalam drama ini tetapi sepertinya hal-hal yang disajikan “secara romantis” dalam drama ini KUKATAKAN “TODAK ROMANTIS”!!!
Seharusnya aku saja yang menjadi sutradaranya drama ini!!! (۳˘̶̀▼˘̶́)۳
August 29th, 2012 at 2:41 am
I like ths drma frm the bgning but.., i hated the end of story… So pls, “writer, just cntinue wth big season 2 to finish this unclear story!!”
August 30th, 2012 at 7:32 pm
the writers purposely left the ending hanging with many questions unanswered, they leave it to the viewers to make the ending assumption, anyway the ending shows that DR waited and ended up with KJ. Poor JY being dumped as DR does not love him anymore.
August 31st, 2012 at 3:58 am
check this out…. really nice couple… and love the song….
August 31st, 2012 at 1:09 pm
the drama was nice at the beginning, but after the 10th ep it was bas.. I did not like the ending at all. what happened to the Dr. !! how did she end up the relation with him when he doesn’t remember anything. I had a little hope that she will end up with the poor Dr -_-
August 31st, 2012 at 1:10 pm
the drama was nice at the beginning, but after the 10th ep it was bad.. I did not like the ending at all. what happened to the Dr. !! how did she end up the relation with him when he doesn’t remember anything. I had a little hope that she will end up with the poor Dr -_-
August 31st, 2012 at 5:43 pm
when peform in indonesia
September 2nd, 2012 at 5:20 am
every one said about bad ending,
so i watch this movie without expect the happy – end story.
BUT…when i finished .. i think it is a “HAPPY END” movie
love it..
September 4th, 2012 at 1:23 pm
ah oh.this movie was very very ni8ce and enjoyable to watch..i like it and i love it.
September 7th, 2012 at 3:18 am
This is the second crash of the year. By the way the first is Dr. Jin. I’m so sorry Gong Yoo, I love you anyway.
September 7th, 2012 at 11:33 pm
Hm, just finished Big!~ (SPOLIER, if you haven’t watched the last episode, don’t read)!!!
Okay, first thing’s first, the ending isn’t actually that bad (it would be classifed as a happy one!!!), but, yes, it certainly has its’ confusing points.
#1 Gyung Joon suddenly looks like a 30 year old within a year…? That doesn’t really make sense.
#2 Yeah, it sort of was rushed, and no mentioning of them being twins either…?
September 14th, 2012 at 8:16 pm
the ending was pretty bad. how could KKJ looked so old in just a year or two. life would be devastating if that’s the case. plastic surgeons will have a blast. don’t you think so?
September 15th, 2012 at 4:42 pm
I was waiting for the souls to swap…story wasn’t that good… Come back drama of Gong Yoo was very disappointing…I was enjoying the first episodes but when the female lead started to have feelings for the kid, boooo….. So what happened to his fiancee in the end?????? I hope Gong Yoo will star in another drama sooooo better than this one.
September 17th, 2012 at 8:38 pm
too bad for hong sisters…after a series of successful drama like Hong Gil Dong, Couple or Trouble, Rooftop Prince, My GF is Gumiho and D Greatest Love….but, im a little dissapointed with d ending of BIG drama….
September 19th, 2012 at 12:21 am
I love this! Gong yoo and Lee min jung are a good match! Really good acting!
September 19th, 2012 at 4:21 am
even though the ending of this drama is disappointing, i must say that i enjoyed watching the whole drama a lot.. Gong Yoo portrayed both characters well.. I love this drama.. I love the OSTs.. and I love Gong Yoo! he’s still hot! he seems like his just in mid-20’s.. ♥♥♥
September 19th, 2012 at 4:39 am
PS: i also cried a lot.. cause it’s so touching..
September 20th, 2012 at 12:32 pm
love this drama but the ending was kind of a cliffhanger
September 25th, 2012 at 6:26 pm
oppa gong yoo my like’s you
pa lagi k,tika jd oppa han geu yool
di big si ttp kece tp….. da tukeran arwah’y……
it’s ok ttp ceruuuuuu……….
September 25th, 2012 at 6:42 pm
the ending make me crazy!!! arrggggghhhh! please KBS2 make BIG Seasons 2 and complete the last of secret episode T_T
September 26th, 2012 at 11:16 pm
i think there a some part did mention about they are actually twins…it just that both of them were separated by years…
September 27th, 2012 at 2:05 am
best drama but really frustrated ending…
September 28th, 2012 at 5:24 pm
suka sangatt drama inii..
they are perfect couple !!
love gong yoo lee min jung.. :*
October 2nd, 2012 at 12:55 am
the storyline is interesting to begin with however, the ending could be better .. more reality can be added in. Too little scene of the ‘real’ kyung jun .. he’s so cute … everyone played their character well ..
October 2nd, 2012 at 4:01 pm
Interesting story. Very innovative plot since its a not a realistic one. Not a fab one but the actors and actresses were all in characters as always. A so so drama but then it still brought Tears in my eyes. Ending however was not that clear.
October 4th, 2012 at 5:03 pm
after thinking and thinking about the end and after replaying i saw that the person’s face at the end is not shown so the person who returned is kyung joon coz da ran would never accept yun jae..so that makes me happy..
i think they dint show shin won ho’s face coz most of gong yoo’s fans would be upset..loved gong yoo hope he acts in a great drama next time..
October 4th, 2012 at 6:01 pm
Love this drama,,, My Ahjushi really handsome :-*
October 7th, 2012 at 1:25 pm
Saranghae Gong Yoo……hoy…..hoy…..fighting…….
October 9th, 2012 at 5:40 pm
for me this drama is just an average drama, it’s kind of sad ‘cus i was expecting more when gong yoo’s in it…..
i hope they show the real kyung joon at the last scene, it seems that they made the same last scene with rooftop prince
October 9th, 2012 at 7:56 pm
Dear people Gill daran actually the one at the end is KKJ real body but Gill teacher thinked it as Seo yoon jae
October 11th, 2012 at 3:46 pm
over all i love this drama…touching.make me laughing…but i’m very very very very very dissapointed with ending this drama !!!!!!! i swear zzzzzz
October 15th, 2012 at 8:59 pm
gong yoo oppa saranghae
October 16th, 2012 at 5:41 pm
done watching this and I’m planning to watch it over and over again thanks to I got my copy there
October 17th, 2012 at 3:40 am
jesus!!! this film is…
so nice
October 22nd, 2012 at 3:12 am
This drama is very good, ,
but i confusing about the ending
, , anyway i still enjoy this drama, ,
gong yoo oppa fighting, ,
October 23rd, 2012 at 8:08 pm
oh owww gong yoo make me whatch this drama twice. oh myyy its such a nice dramaa
October 25th, 2012 at 3:57 pm
The drama is overall good, keeps you interested, the ending is just a tad bit confusing. otherwise its a good drama. Cutie pie gong yoo is in it!!
October 29th, 2012 at 5:53 pm
i love this series so much! at first i can’t believe the ending and i hated it, but when i watched it again i totally understand what the director’s trying to portray and i realized that it was the most perfect ending because it perfected the drama. it’s very good, keeps me interested throughout the series and all the actors and actresses are good actors and actresses. daebak, all in all, 9/10
November 8th, 2012 at 12:33 am
oh man i seriously love BIG! just can’t get enough of it
November 8th, 2012 at 2:50 pm
Love BIG. Gil Da Ran so beautiful ^_^
Can’t wait BIG season 2 ^_^
November 16th, 2012 at 1:21 am
I don’t like the last episode,, I wanna see how they change and so disappointed can’t see KKJ with gil da ram on umbrella scene :(,,
November 16th, 2012 at 6:09 am
love this drama but why is the rating too down???
November 18th, 2012 at 12:14 am
Ive got some issues in this drama. Ive finished this just today.
1. The ending is justifiable but the “REAL KKJ” does not show. It still Gong Yoo’s face. Kinda puzzling my mind. In some point, it looks stupid to me.
2. How come that KKJ is a cool teenager but when he switchd his soul to Yoon Jae, it became playful and childish?!
3. Ma Ri emailed Da Ran that Yoon Jae and KKJ is doing good and back to normal but they seemed to remembered what had happened. But at nthe last episodes it looks like the KKJ is still using the body of Yoon Jae.
Can any please enlighten me. This drama is perhaps underrated but worthy to watch. Im giving this 6.5/10.00
November 18th, 2012 at 12:16 am
My bad. 3.Ma Ri emailed Da Ran that Yoon Jae and KKJ is doing good and back to normal but they DID NOT remember what had happened. But in the last episode it looks like the KKJ is still using the body of Yoon Jae. Confusing and a bit stupid for viewers.
November 19th, 2012 at 1:25 pm
@961
In my point of view, KKJ’s hidden because the director is trying to tell the viewers that it doesn’t matter in whose body KKJ’s spirit is, although that is a bit of an anti-climax I must admit. And I think KKJ returned because he seems to be remembering everything back? But as you may notice, that is not the ending scene. Instead, the series end with their flashback, before KKJ went to Germany. GDR’s ‘confession’ to KKJ if he were to come back from Germany forgetting everything was shown (as it was not shown before that). This scene I think meant that it was as if nothing has changed from before KKJ went to Germany, as if he never went away, as if their love story were never discontinued and separated. Do you understand?
November 20th, 2012 at 11:06 pm
despite the confusing ending, i still find this drama entertaining and satisfying as well…its still a good drama for me..a must watch…i really like Gong Yo…i remember him so well in “Coffee Prince”…
November 21st, 2012 at 4:23 am
@962 nNop I don’t understand. It’s quite confusing and puzzling. Why use the face of Gong Yoo when Gil Da Ran fell in love with KKJ soul?! This is so ironic. Bae Suzy emails Gil Da Ran that both KKJ and Yoon Jae did not remember what happen. and by the time that KKJ came back to Seoul and meet Gil Da Ran, we can say that the memory is back. BUT why use Yoon Jae’s body? Just to emphasize the viewers that it was not a physical attraction why Gil Da Ran fell in love with him?! It’s FANTASY. Yeah this series is fantasy at all.
It’s better to see the real and young KKJ than using Yoon Jae body as KKJ again and again.
November 21st, 2012 at 4:27 am
and using Yoon Jae’s body at the last episode is very contradicting to the idea that Gil Da Ran all in love with KKJ as himself (soul) and his own physical features. Using Yoon Jae’s face tells me that Da Ran sees KKJ as a reflection of Yoon Jae. The directorm should use KKJ himself.
and one thing lacking about this drama, is CLOSURE between Yoon Jae and Da Ran. Weeww!
November 25th, 2012 at 12:14 am
@964
LOL okay chill, you’ll just have to think this series as one of those artistically twisted type i guess? i was outraged with the ending too at first, but then i figured out like what i told you i figured out and i just accept it. everything was so perfect, i had very high hopes towards the ending, and i find myself a headache thinking how the director is going to get out of this one. and so because of that, when i did reach the ending, i came to the conclusion to just accept it for i sure as hell will be hysterical if i kept thinking how poor the ending is, because this is one of many series that is near and dear to my heart. i’m sorry it didn’t work out well with you though. but i am being a bit bias i must admit, because i’ll love this series no matter what anyway, just because gong yoo is in it and damn, he really is a good actor. nonetheless, i really love this series, poor ending or not
November 25th, 2012 at 12:20 am
[spoiler]and yes, i agree, i really hated how Da Ran and Yoon Jae never got any closure between those two because Yoon Jae really did loved her sincerely, and he was SO cute when he was shyly chasing Da Ran. agh all the scenes when Yoon Jae first noticed Da Ran was very VERY romantic. i love it. too much, i think. i kind of rooted for Yoon Jae, whenever i thought of him[/spoiler]
November 27th, 2012 at 4:42 pm
@967 yeah. CLOSURE between the two should have been tackled. But i love this drama. i just have some issues at the ending and the closure thing. But as a whole I Like the drama. And since the ending is somewhat puzzling can we expect a part 2. jejeje
November 29th, 2012 at 7:06 pm
Really like this drama.. It has its flaws but it also has lots of great moments. The idea of a teacher loving her 18 y.o student is rationally n morally wrong but this is dramaland afterall n to think that it is ‘fate’ or should i said ‘medical technology’ that being a part of the age gap, i think it could make it more acceptable to me.;
N btw GY is def a hottie <3 he n LMJ look god damn adorable 2gether
December 8th, 2012 at 11:33 pm
@Kurayuzaki666
The reason why KKJ in the end was in SYJ’s body was cause he suddenly grew up in the space of one year, and they are meant to look exactly the same as each other, as they are twins (unrealistic, I totally agree).
On the second point is that before KKJ went back to his own body, he told Da Ran that when they met again to never let go of him, and to love him. This scene looks exactly the same as the first one when they first met, and it is the beginning of their own love story, in which KKJ in his real body falls in love with Da Ran…
December 22nd, 2012 at 4:20 pm
i love this drama ,, favorite drama …
December 22nd, 2012 at 10:19 pm
for all i love this drama.. of course because of gong yoo but i don’t understand the ending.. why has been KKJ big???
December 25th, 2012 at 7:42 pm
I want to see Big Seasons 2 and want to complete all of episodes! ^^
December 26th, 2012 at 1:00 am
all i really want is Closure from Yoon Jae and Da Ran. Ok just forget the body issue but the closure needs to be done.
December 26th, 2012 at 10:19 pm
Just stopping by here to read some spoiller and after i read few comments, i think i should prepare myself for the worst. I wil still continue to watch it anyway because the story keeps me interested.
December 27th, 2012 at 4:27 pm
@970 Matt
Dude that’s great insight! I didn’t thought if it that way, thanks for the broaden of view. There are so many theories to the ending, and it made me realize, what if the Director or whoever made the ending like that to make us think, you know? To make us make this drama alive, to let this drama be ours. I like it, this drama, my version of its ending, your version of its ending, it’s all flawed perfectly
January 4th, 2013 at 12:22 am
bad ending :S the ending was so horrible
January 5th, 2013 at 6:45 pm
i still love this drama although the ending is confusing. Gong Yoo daebak!! the soundtrack is also really good!
January 7th, 2013 at 10:02 am
This drama was totally amazing the first 14/15 episodes!! I was completely hooked onto the relationship between the main characters >< although the ending was confusing this drama is definitely worth watching!!! XD
January 10th, 2013 at 7:53 pm
I really want to watch a second part of this show, i’m from the Philippines and so many Filipino liked this tv show…. and i really love Lee Min Jung.. The Best
January 10th, 2013 at 7:56 pm
the ending was good, the writer was very protective and safe guarding the law of teacher and student affair that is why the ending is like that…. This is Epic
February 11th, 2013 at 12:41 am
just finished watching the drama.. honestly.. I watch this bcoz of Suzy and minjung.. but the ending was terrible… very.. my asdvice is.. watch episode 1 and and skip episode 3–>13…
February 13th, 2013 at 4:28 pm
sadly, the ending is bad,
March 1st, 2013 at 4:22 pm
Frustrating scenario, weak plots. So tiring to watch this drama till finish.
A child whom born to be donor, usually suffers from many surgeries. Ever seen the movie “My sister’s Keeper” ? The film presents a nightmarish medical situation for two sisters. Anna who was 11 years old was struggling whether to donor her kidney to Kate her elder sister with acute disease after years she suffered from surgery in order to donor bone marrow to Kate.
What Gil Da Ran really loves is Seo Yoon Jae looks. If KKJ return to his own body with his 19 years old face, do you think GDR will love him like when he occupied Yoon Jae’s body? The ending of this movie is trying to make it acceptable for a mature woman to have love relationship with a teenager boy.
It will be more heart touching if the soul of Yoon Jae return his own body and he struggles from beginning again to win the wavered GDR’s heart. While KKJ watching painfully on the reunion of the couple and he surrenders to Jang Mari’s dominion.
March 4th, 2013 at 11:06 pm
today,is BIG day.it airs today at philippines at GMA. ‘n reviewing all ur comments,i’ve become more interested 2 watch it.loOKIng 4rwrd 2 it!!!
March 6th, 2013 at 4:31 pm
itz, very nice!!!!!!!!!!!! xuperb,,,!,,,
March 9th, 2013 at 2:36 am
I love gong yoo oppa
But sadly very bad ending
March 15th, 2013 at 3:18 am
[…] […]
March 18th, 2013 at 5:37 am
Daebaek!!!! I really like this drama. Suzy♥♡
March 24th, 2013 at 12:18 pm
watching it over and over again~ ignore all the bad opins.
March 25th, 2013 at 4:45 pm
I really like this Korean drama.
I laughed, cried, and I was impressed because of the cast who really did their best to make us happy. I love the couple (Gong Yoo and Lee Min-Jung)
and the other actors and actresses who were part of the TV Series like Bae Suzy. I already knew her because of Dream High. ^_^
I wish that I will be given a chance to visit Korea so that I will see the cast of Big whom I idolize.
Good job !
March 25th, 2013 at 7:44 pm
wow this koreandrama is the most pretty for me bec.it has all types of a drama like comedy,lovestory and of course drama,
wish to have part 2,
i really really like this drama super duper!!!especially the rule of Shin Won Ho and Lee Min Jung….
March 25th, 2013 at 7:49 pm
wow this koreandrama is the most pretty for me bec.it has all types of a drama ,
wish to have part 2,
i really really like this drama super duper!!!especially the rule of Shin Won Ho and Lee Min Jung….
April 7th, 2013 at 7:55 pm
the ending was perfect! just think about it a little and you will see that if the ending was like you wanted it to be you were not even thinking about this drama a day after she was ending and when it end like this you are just cant get it out of your head!!!!!!!
April 9th, 2013 at 9:41 pm
please have a part 2
hong jun yon please have a part 2
April 13th, 2013 at 2:46 pm
wow! this will be my favorite koreandrama.it s romantic, comedy and fantasy. when im watching this i always smile because of the girl & gong yoo.
April 19th, 2013 at 8:34 pm
Yoboseo! Hello There! WOW! BiG ~ Korean Drama was my Second Best korean Drama, first is Smile Donghae, but this Drama was not Great yet it is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hahahaha.. Hello sa mga FILIPINO diyan. Kaway Kaway La La La La.. ^3^ This Drama was so very interesting to watch and I’ve learn many things. This is now Airing here in the Philippines and I am Very thankful ♥ Lots of Love.. Godbless All.. Twitter Twitter din pag may time!
April 19th, 2013 at 8:38 pm
Hayss.. Hello sa mga Filipino Out there ♥ kaway yung mga Nanunuod ng BIG hahaha.. Follow us on twitter? twitter.com/Lee_Ballesteros Thanks ♥ Also Twitter.com/EtherealLee Mwapss.. #HeyU #Saranghanikka ^___^
April 22nd, 2013 at 6:18 pm
I already watch this in dvd… And this is good but the ending… What happen? Who is he already? Kyung joon or Yoon jae… Just asking… But i like it
April 23rd, 2013 at 1:18 pm
LoL ! I really like the songs of this Kdrama !
To all the Filipinos there in Korea, Hi ! I want to go there too. Hihihi
Such romantic romance! In real life…..that kind is almost extinct….you have break ups, divorces…...I Was Looking Outside
As a photographer, I’ve always got an eye out for something beautiful or interesting to photograph. Many times I’ll head out in my car not knowing where I’ll end up, or what I’ll find. In fact, I love to find inspiration in unexpected places. My belief is that it’s everywhere if we only stop and look.
Right Under My Nose
So how did I miss the fact that roses were delivered here. Somehow that doesn’t count, right? I mean I didn’t have to DO anything to find them. I didn’t have to go anywhere.
I’m so used to going out to find some inspiration that I totally missed what was right under my nose, a bunch of very subtle roses.
That Which Is Closest Is Hardest To See
It’s like looking for your glasses when they’re on your face. The closer something is the harder it is to find sometimes. That’s why, I guess, it’s hard for us to see ourselves and the beauty we possess.We would like to know how confident you are in doing certain activities. For each of the following questions, please choose the number that corresponds to your confidence that you can do the tasks regularly at the present time.
The score for each item is the number circled. If two consecutive numbers are circled, code the lower number (less self-efficacy). If the numbers are not consecutive, do not score the item. The score for the scale is the mean of the six items. If more than two items are missing, do not score the scale. Higher number indicates higher self-efficacy.
Tested on 605 subjects with chronic disease.
Stanford/Garfield Kaiser Chronic Disease Dissemination Study. Psychometrics reported in: Lorig KR, Sobel, DS, Ritter PL, Laurent, D, Hobbs, M. Effect of a self-management program for patients with chronic disease. Effective Clinical Practice, 4, 2001,pp. 256-262.
This 6-item scale contains items taken from several SE scales developed for the Chronic Disease Self-Management study. We use this scale now, as it is much less burdensome for subjects. It covers several domains that are common across many chronic diseases, symptom control, role function, emotional functioning and communicating with physicians. For internet studies, we add radio buttons below each number. There is another way that we use to format these items, which takes up less space on a questionnaire, shown in the PDF document (see PDF link at the bottom of this page). A 4-item version of this scale available in Spanish.
Lorig KR, Sobel, DS, Ritter PL, Laurent, D, Hobbs, M. Effect of a self-management program for patients with chronic disease. Effective Clinical Practice, 4, 2001,pp. 256-262.
To download this scale and scoring instructions, right click the link below with your mouse and "Save as" to you hard disk or desktop (for Windows), or double click (Mac):
Download PDF versionEnter keywords, ISBN, author, or book title
Category: History - United States - 19th Century; Social Science - African-American Studies; History - Social History
Imprint: Knopf
Format: Hardcover
Pub Date: February 2014
Price: $30.00
Can. Price: $34.95
ISBN: 978-0-307-26909-6 (0-307-26909-4)
Pages: 448
Also available as an
eBook and a
trade paperback.
1Some Meanings of Slavery and Emancipation: Dehumanization, Animalization, and Free SoilGod’s first blunder: Man didn’t find the animals amusing,— he dominated them, and didn’t even want to be an “animal.”—nietzsche, Der Antichristthe meaning of animalization, part iTraveling.
Excerpted from The Problem of Slavery in the Age of Emancipation by David Brion Davis Copyright © 2014 by David Brion Davis. Excerpted by permission of Knopf, a division of Random House LLC. All rights reserved. No part of this excerpt may be reproduced or reprinted without permission in writing from the publisher.
RH.com | Privacy
Policy | Back to Top | Educator
Services | Contact UsTime Inc. finally agrees to offer digital subscriptions through Newsstand
Time.
Have something to say about this story? Leave a comment! Need help with something else? Ask in our forums!
Reader comments
Time Inc. finally agrees to offer digital subscriptions through Newsstand
Unfortunately Newsstand sucks. There is no standard for development or interface, each magazine behaves in a different way, users have to stare at the magazine app while it download editions else its interrupted, unsubscribing is a pain, cannot be done from the iPad, you have to access iTunes on a PC. How´s that for a post-PC world?
Amazon´s Kindle, on the other hand, is a lesson to Apple of what Newsstand should have been. It works everywhere, Mac, PC, Android, iOS, its easy to subscribe and unsubscribe from the iPad, and there is a standard interface for magazines. Everything just works, fast and easy. It lacks interactivity, true, but I for one have gladly given up on that, since it is largely hyped anyway and only makes reading magazines a confusing experience.
I don't know what you did to your iPad but unsubscribing is very easy with the iPad. Just tap on your account and you'll see all your subscribtions.
Me help u for u ooovoo
Hey
We are the Apple. Lower your standards and surrender your content. We will add your technological distinctiveness to our own. Your customers will adapt to service us. Resistance is futile.
Any digital periodical subscription I get, is through Zinio. If I am purchasing the content, I don't want to be locked in to view it on a single platform.Shop Meade Telescopes By Series
With Meade telescopes, you get research-quality optics at prices that put the stars within your grasp. If you own one of these, you might be an office worker on weekdays, but on nights and weekends you could almost believe you're a part-time astronaut. Who says childhood dreams don't come true?
Meade LT-6 Telescopes
The price-to-professional quality ratio of the Meade LT-6 Inch Telescope is about as good as it gets. Featuring Schmidt-Cassegrain optics or the option of Meade's patented Advanced Coma-Free (ACF) optical system, this Meade telescope is a marvel of precision construction and user-friendly automatic controls.
Meade LX200-ACF Advanced Coma-Free Telescopes
These are top-of-the-line professional-quality telescopes for the truly serious astronomer. Along with ACF optics, the telescopes in this series are equipped with Meade's Ultra-High Transmission Coatings, which increase image brightness and total light transmission by almost 20% over standard coatings.
Meade ETX Telescopes
The Meade ETX telescope series includes some of the most popular telescopes available at Telescopes.com. The Meade ATX-80AT-TC Astro Telescope with AutoStar is a favorite among novice astronomers. Its AutoStar computer makes it easy to navigate the unfamiliar night skies, and it comes with a sturdy tripod, two premium Super Plossl eyepieces, and a Barlow lens.
Meade DS-2000 Digital Telescopes
Easy assembly, a large aperture, quality eyepieces, and a computer are some of the highlights of the Meade DS-2130 AT-TC Reflector Telescope, the best-selling Meade telescope in this DS-2000 series.
As you shop at Telescopes.com, be sure to browse the other telescope series from Meade to find everything from affordable Dobsonian telescopes to economical starter telescopes..”
Video: An Intimate Tour of Shanghai with Designer Han Feng
Leaving. Chen and some friends of hers lead me to a tiny restaurant where we order beers and platters of crayfish and spiky, sweet boiled shrimp that rip the disposable plastic gloves you wear to tear into them.
“Spicy or very spicy?” Chen asks.
Both, please. After establishing a base and filling our bowls with shells, some of us venture into the open-air food court to order dozens of grilled oysters and clams with black-bean or garlic sauce, skewered duck tongues, charred rice cakes, and cold, crunchy pigs’ ears. Each vendor delivers the food to our “home” restaurant. More beer arrives.
Chen, stylish and funny with her gray newsboy cap and elfin grin, wants to know if New York is exactly the way it seems on Sex and the City. Precisely. I ask if this food represents a certain province. “No,” Chen says, “it is night fashion food.”
On the third floor of the Shanghai Urban Planning Exhibition Center there’s a room-size scale model of the city in 2020. The joke about the place is that all the locals are here to see if their house will still be around a decade on, or if they should gear up for relocation to the high-rise burbs.
For a very different kind of field trip to the near future, I leave behind the grand planning dreams of the People’s Park and head south along the Bund until I come to a no-man’s-land dock area far from the touristy center. I’m headed to Waterhouse at South Bund, a new hotel that is quietly setting the bar for quirky, cool design. Actually, the mere fact that there is a quirky, intelligently designed 19-room hotel at all is a sign of maturing tastes in a city where style and luxury are more frequently associated with bigness, brand names, and bling. Inside yet another rejiggered 1930’s warehouse, the lobby soars with unfinished concrete, steel beams, patches of brick, and cryptic messages painted onto the stone floor (some in Chinese, others that might as well be: glutinous and hairy). From my room I can look down a glass shaftway and into part of the room below me. Happily for all parties, my unseen neighbors never looked up while I passed by in my robe on the way to the sleek, glassed-in concrete bathroom.
Waterhouse was designed by husband-and-wife team Lyndon Neri and Rossana Hu of Neri & Hu Design & Research Office. “Ah, yes, room 31,” Neri says, smiling, when I ask him about the accidental exhibitionist possibilities of my glass wall.
“Traditional lane houses are phenomenal because you can see pieces of people’s living rooms,” Neri says. “From your house, you see snippets of other families’ lives. This is the voyeuristic nature of the lane house. You’re part of a community.”
Neri studied at Harvard and worked for Michael Graves for years before moving to Shanghai in 2004. The couple live by their tenets of transparency. While remodeling their traditional nongtang house in the French Concession, they added nine-foot-tall glass doors to the back. “My toilet overlooks someone’s kitchen,” Neri says, gleefully. “Every morning I see them about five feet away, cooking.
“It took a very courageous client to allow us to do what we did,” Neri says of the Singapore hotelier Loh Lik Peng. “Many people told us that this lobby doesn’t have a lot of ‘face,’” Neri says. “Meaning it’s not dignified. You walk in and there’s no chandelier, no ostentatious double stairway.”. I walk to the private bar in back and am about to introduce myself to her when a very familiar-looking man shakes my.Clothing sponsors are nice. Mouthguard sponsors are useful. But when you're the UFC heavyweight champion of the world, your sponsorship packages reach a whole new level. Read More »
Author Archives: Matt De La RosaFeed Subscription »
Nick Diaz on fighting Miller at 185: “Money talks”
Following his win over Cyborg Santos, Nick Diaz was inevitably asked about a possible fight with Jason "Mayhem" Miller. Diaz says he would move up to 185 for the fight, but he wants it to be monetarily worth his while. »
“Strikeforce: Diaz vs. Cyborg” LIVE results, play-by-play
ProMMAnow.com's Matt De La Rosa is LIVE on the scene at the HP Pavilion in San Jose tonight and will provide live fight updates and play-by-play commentary of all the action starting at approximately 8 p.m. ET. »West Midlands and Staffordshire fire authorities get £3.6m grant
- 2 March 2012
- From the section Birmingham & Black Country
Two fire authorities have started work to develop a joint control room.
Staffordshire and West Midlands fire authorities have been awarded £3.6m by the government, £500,000 less than their original bid.
Fire services in Staffordshire and the West Midlands, which also cover Coventry, currently operate separate emergency 999 centres.
In November, the authorities signed a formal partnership agreement.
In a joint statement they said work was now under way to determine how a single control room might operate.
Chair of the Stoke-on-Trent and Staffordshire Fire and Rescue Authority, Len Bloomer, said they might have to review "the scope" of their plans due to the funding shortfall.
He added it was important to make sure "the shared facility has the technology and ICT resource we need".
The new equipment would be used to answer 999 calls and mobilise fire crews.
The shared system, which would include a back-up site for resilience, is expected to be operational by April 2014.
A project to set up a network of nine regional fire control centres was scrapped in December 2010, at a cost of £469m.NHL Hockey - Preview
The Phoenix Coyotes and the Anaheim Ducks will both be gunning for a victory on Saturday when they meet at Honda Center..
Anaheim:
Team record: 30-11-6 SU, ATS
Current streak: won 3 straight games.
The total has gone UNDER in 7 of last 8 games
is 16-6 SU in its last 22 games at home
is 17-8 SU in its last 25 games when playing at home against Phoenix
is 3-6 SU in its last 9 games at home
When playing on Saturday are 6-4
After playing Vancouver are 7-3
After a win are 5-5
Phoenix:
Team record: 20-18-9 SU, ATS
The total has gone UNDER in 7 of last 10 games
The total has gone UNDER in 4 of last 6 games on the road
is 8-17 SU in its last 25 games when playing on the road against Anaheim
is 2-5 SU in its last 7 games
When playing on Saturday are 4-6
Before playing Chicago are 6-4
After playing Colorado are 2-8
After a loss are 5-5- !
Flower Girl Dresses : As Chosen by an 8-Year-Old Fashionista!
I have wanted to feature more flower girls dresses for some time. If you think it’s fun to peek at wedding dresses–and, believe me, it is–it’s also really, really fun to also look at dainty flower girl dresses.
For many of us ladies, being asked to be a flower girl was a huge rite of passage our lives. I’ll never forget where I was when I got the call from my cousin, and how excited I was about the dress, the flowers, and that I got to wear fancy tights for the job.
Assorted Styles from Watters’ Seahorse Collection.
See below for style specifications.
Now that I am decades past my own flower girl duties, when I was contemplating the dresses to pick for the post, I tried to think about what the young ladies in my own life would get really jazzed up about wearing. As I thought more about this, one singular fashion plate I know stood out.
My dear friend’s daughter, Alison, can put an outfit together in ways that top fashion bloggers might be envious of. In her everyday just-going-to-school outfits, she puts together textures and prints and patterns in unexpected ways, and picks them out the night before–naturally! Last summer, we had lunch, and she had the most fantastic ensemble: gold gladiator sandals, a striped skirt, and a hip Minnie Mouse tee. She’s only 8 and she really puts it together.
Photo by: Jessica Torosian Photography
Since I chat with her mom frequently, we were joking one day about how Alison should be a fashion blogger when she grows up–then the light went off: Alison should be a fashion blogger–now! I asked Alison’s mom to show her the flower girl dresses from Watters’ Seahorse line I was considering, have her pick her own color combinations, and give me a line or two about what appealed to her. I think you’ll agree, her picks–and the reasoning behind them–are fantastic.
Seahorse Style #43479
Alison says,”I like this dress because it has some of my favorite colors in it.”
—
Seahorse Style #44218
Alison says, “I like this dress because I like the sparkles in the bottom. The top looks silky.”
—
Seahorse Style # 46231
Alison says,” I like this dress because I like the color blue. I like how it has different ruffles to make the skirt poofy.”
Seahorse Style #49729
Alison says, “I like this dress because it has a blue ribbon and I like the flowers on the bottom.”
—
Seahorse Style #42730
Alison says, “I like this dress because I like how the bow reminds me of a bow on a present. I like EVERYTHING about the bottom.”
—
Seahorse Style # 42355
Alison says, ” I like this dress because I like how most of the dress is white and the ribbon and the trim are purple.”
The dresses shown are all available in the shades Alison chose and also in a rainbow of colors, to match with any wedding colors scheme you may have selected. They make great party dresses, and are perfect for Easter or First Communion as well.
Special Thanks
After telling the team at Watters about this post and sharing Alison’s picks and comments, the dress that “most” caught her eye (style 42730) was generously gifted to her by the team at Watters as a surprise! Alison loved the playfulness of the bottom of the dress and it was easy for her to see herself twirling in it at a wedding or party. Alison, her mom, and I were really moved by the thoughtfulness of our friends at Watters, and send them great thanks for showing such kindness to our young fashionista.
About our Guest Blogger
Alison, age 8, has always been interested in fashion. She loves to plan outfits. Alison enjoys coordinating every detail from the dress to accessories. When approached to help Dress For The Wedding with this post, Alison was thrilled! She took the task very seriously and put great effort in selecting the perfect flower girl dresses.
More style ideas you might enjoy :
Blush Dress for a Junior Bridesmaid
Anna Elyse Bridesmaid Dresses in The Collection
New Wedding Dresses and Bridesmaid Dresses at BHLDN
Wedding Guest Outfits for 2015
>>IMAGE  (130)
- Fall Wedding (119)
- Female Wedding Guest (243)
- Floral Dresses (20)
- Flower Girl (4)
- Formal Wedding  (71)
- (155)
- Wedding Guest Outfits (13)
- White Dresses (18)
- White Tie (16)
- Winter Wedding (69)
- Yellow Dresses (26)
- Young Lady Guest (4)
Dress by Season
Follow by Email
Archives
- May 2015 (7)
-)
-
-Posts Tagged ‘preview’
Windows 10 Technical Preview arrives on phones2 CommentsPosted by Brendon Morgan on February 12, 2015 under Mobile
MSI USB 3.1 Hands-on Preview: 10Gbps USB5 CommentsPosted by Luke Hill on February 6, 2015 under General Tech, Highlights, Motherboard
Windows 10 for phones will be out soon, but not today0 CommentsPosted by Brendon Morgan on February 4, 2015 under Mobile, Operating Systems
Sid Meier goes beyond space, to Starships2 CommentsPosted by Brendon Morgan on January 20, 2015 under Software & Gaming
MSI X99S Gaming 7 (LGA 2011-v3) Motherboard Preview3 CommentsPosted by Luke Hill on August 29, 2014 under Highlights, Motherboard
Gigabyte X99 SOC Force (LGA 2011-v3) Motherboard Preview3 CommentsPosted by Luke Hill on August 29, 2014 under Highlights V, Motherboard
Asus X99 Deluxe (LGA 2011-v3) Motherboard Preview4 CommentsPosted by Luke Hill on August 29, 2014 under Highlights 2, Motherboard
Windows 9 preview could arrive this year6 CommentsPosted by Matthew Wilson on July 2, 2014 under Operating Systems
Asus Z97-A Motherboard Preview2 CommentsPosted by Luke Hill on April 29, 2014 under Highlights-new, Motherboard
Watch IGN staffers crap themselves at Alien Isolation here1 CommentsPosted by Jon Martindale on April 28, 2014 under Software & Gaming
Sapphire Edge VS video with a chance to win one!2 CommentsPosted by Harrison on November 22, 2012 under APU
Windows 8 disaster? More broken than you might think?18 CommentsPosted by Harrison on June 1, 2012 under Operating Systems
OMG (Part 1): Intel Xeon 5680 Chips Served on eVGA SR214 CommentsPosted by faith on July 7, 2010 under CPU, Motherboard, PCWe found heaven in South Africa at Esiweni Lodge.
Sophie and the team were all lined up to greet us as drove into the stunning Esiweni lodge to welcome us with a refreshing glass of champagne, which was setting up the tone for a fabulous stay. The lodge sits on a top of a cliff overlooking a river where we...
More
Latest from people followed
Growing Your Urban Forest: Us... by Azavea 4 weeks ago, 77 views
View all Likes (24)
Swiss_GLAM_Survey_presentatio... by beatestermann 2 years ago, 2379 views
Linked Data and the Semantic ... by anarchivist 2 years ago, 2158 views
NTEN Webinar - Data Cleaning ... by Azavea 2 years ago, 601 views
Thinking of Linking by Kalfatovic 3 years ago, 735 views
Linked Open Data for Librarie... by musebrarian 3 years ago, 1845 views
Lives of the Great War: Build... by museumscom... 3 years ago, 1448 views
Linked data for Libraries, Ar... by ljsmart 3 years ago, 6281 views
Bringing History Alive: Telli... by davidseth 3 years ago, 6107 views
Introduction To rNews 1.0 by sandhaus 3 years ago, 42973 views
Crowdsourcing as Public Enga... by xcia0069 3 years ago, 3770 views
Crowding Out the Archivist - ... by 80gb 3 years ago, 4357 views
What Is Linked Data, and What... by enimsakont 3 years ago, 3313 viewsThis website is best viewed in a browser that supports web standards.
Skip to content or, if you would rather, Skip to navigation.
July 19, 2011ROCK PORT, MO | By: Wayman
The dangerous heat has forced 6 evacuees from Missouri River Flooding into a Red Cross Shelter now open in Rockport.
That location has been on standby, but the extreme weather has turned camping enthusiasts who were driven from their home to request the shelter be opened. Red Cross executive director Kevin Kirby says several others in the region are ready to be activated, and his staff is working with evacuees on long-term plans.
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.Published July 18, 2012
advertisement
BlackRock (BLK) logged an 11% decline in second-quarter earnings on Wednesday as the world’s largest money manager suffered from market-driven declines and shrinking performance fees.
Shares of the New York-based financial firm ticked lower during regular trading in the wake of the report.
BlackRock, which is led by Larry Fink, said it earned $554 million, or $3.08 a share, last quarter, compared with a profit of $619 million, or $3.21 a share, a year earlier. Excluding one-time items, it earned $3.10 a share, topping the Street’s view of $3.01.
Revenue fell 5% to $2.23 billion, trailing consensus calls from analysts for $2.26 billion.
In a statement, Fink said his company was able to generate sequential EPS growth “despite market headwinds and the growing defensive posture of investors.”
Still, assets under management dipped 3% from the first quarter and annually to $3.56 trillion, due largely to $94.7 billion of market-related declines “across products.”
Retail assets under management stood at $374 billion as net inflows of $1.6 billion was trumped by a $15.1 billion decline in market value.
BlackRock said performance fees fell to $41 million last quarter from $50 million the year before due to slumping equity fees.
Shares of BlackRock slipped 0.28% to $175.66 Wednesday morning, leaving them down just over 1% on the year.Gluten […]
Gluten-Free Buckwheat Buttermilk Pancakes
I love pancakes. I never used to be a big fan of them, but after going gluten-free, I’ve eaten many a pancake. They are especially a highlight when we go camping. I would throw a handful of chocolate chips in the batter before frying them up, and tell the kids that we had chocolate ants […]
Sweet & Sour Pork
Well,_3<<
Russian Salad
This recipe for Russian Salad was submitted by my Mom. It is a fantastic twist to a regular jello salad. The flavours are really great, and the sour cream layer doesn’t make it sour, but rather, makes it very creamy. Delicious! Print Russian Salad Author: Jeanine Friesen Ingredients 1 1/2 cups water 3/4 cup granulated […]
Gluten-Free Lemon Poppy Seed Loaf […]
Gluten-Free Sugar Cookies […]
Catalina Salad Dressing. […]
Broccoli Soup
I […]
Easy Snickers Bar Pie – Gluten-free too!
Time for something sweet! This Snickers pie was delicious! If you keep some gluten-free chocolate crumbs on hand in the freezer, like I do, it doesn’t take much longer than using a pre-made shell. Plus, instead of getting two pies, I got one large 10″ cake, made in a springform pan. NOTES: I did use […]Search
The new HWM is pretty meh. It basically sounds like Caution lite. While I think that anything they`ve done since leaving No Idea has been a step down, I liked some of the risks they took with The New What Next. But this is definitely a few steps away from that.
Still, the Menzinger worshippers on this site will eat it up. They just love those clean Blink 182 guitars.
10/10
Perfection.
What's life like up there on the high horse?!
Are they going to set Laura Jane Grace`s severed penis on fire?
"Following the recent high quality set from The Offspring.........:"
I don't think the words high quality set has ever been used in reference to the Offspring.
Agreed, even though they're a guilty pleasure for me. The Offspring should have titled that 'high quality set' "Mailing it In"
I could use a little more Airwave, little less Angel
Needs more dog.
You know those "it's so bad, it's good" moments? This isn't one of them.
youtubenews.org
i actually feel sorry for the guy kinda
Wow. They should ask for low quality video next time.
God. Fucking. Awful.
jesus. he really can't sing, can he?
gives my (or anyone else's) band hope
still hate this band
The best band to hit earth since U2.
Does this mean Tom Gabel going to start playing the weenie roast now?Career ideas from a new perspective
I was talking to a client Terry this week about her ideal career and how important it is to see things from a different perspective to clarify your career direction. This powerpoint show of different places in Europe from the air reminded me of this – you don’t realize how different things can look if you simply take an alternative perspective AND when you allow yourself the time and space to really dream.
To identify your ideal career, you need to dream big. You have to think outside of the box, think beyond the jobs you’ve had before, and think creatively to effectively brainstorm possible career ideas.
What do you love to do? How can these things relate to a career? Dream big and think big. Don’t play small here. If you play small, you may not identify career ideas that could be perfect for you.
Enjoy this cool slideshow and work on your dream career!
Hallie Crawford
Certified Career Coach Atlanta
Request our free career report “Top Three Tools to Identify Your Ideal Career” and discover the 3 most important tools to help you clarify your career direction.web site hosted by:
Once the home of an eighteenth century sea captain, the
Pepper House Inn now serves as an historic inn drawing its charm from the
warmth of times when welcoming friends and guests was considered an art
form.
Centrally located on Main Street in historic Brewster
Village, listed on the National Park Service's National Register of
Historic Places, the Pepper House Inn is within a walk or short drive to
all that Brewster and Lower Cape Cod have to offer. This includes:
A visit to Cape Cod is made more complete by experiencing
one, and hopefully all, of the following locations and activities. All are
worthy of a day trip during your visit.Johnny Otis, godfather of R&B, dies at 90
From.
Otis also had a regular show playing records on the nonprofit Pacifica Radio Network's stations until failing health prompted him to retire in 2005. In addition to his two former bandmate sons, Otis is survived by his wife, Phyllis, whom he married in 1941; two daughters; and several grandchildren.
0Prices, specials, features and availability subject to change.
Come and see us today!
Our convenient location is close to prime shopping areas, wonderful restaurants, and quality schools. We took the time to design spacious and unique floor plans. We have an amazing clubhouse and amenities. Come visit us today!
Lease Terms: Flexible lease terms offered. Pet Policy: 45lbs max pet weight, $25 pet rent per household, $200 per household refundable pet deposit, $200 per household non-refundable pet fee. 45lb Weight Restriction / Breed Restrictions Apply - Please Call For Details
*Renter's Insurance is required.*
Pets Accepted. Call for Policy. Cats Allowed. Dogs Allowed. Call for service animal policy.
248 units
Apartment
Check Availabilityor call
There are several things I was unaware of when I moved here, but nothing that is extremely important. The loc Read Moreation is decent, but there are very few social opportunities in this neighborhood: very few nice restaurants, bars or social events, and the apartment is not as private (large patio but neighbors directly across from me can look right into my living room. Very little shade trees on the grounds or attractive landscaping.
November 12, 2014
Quiet, clean, safe and friendly environment. Staff is always available and if you have a maintenance issue it' Read Mores resolved quickly. Very close to banking, major retail chain stores and a popular gym. Rent is a great price and the square footage is bigger than most. This makes Wyndhaven an awesome place to make your home.
January 16, 2014
it's a nice community with a lot to offer. The office and maintenance staff are very nice, friendly and accomm Read Moreodating.
January 14, 2014
Excellent staff: polite, efficient, well organized
Grounds: always clean, no litter, well maintained
December 24, 2013
Excellent Staff was working while I lived there in 2012! Easy to deal with, friendly, even the maintenance cre Read Morew. Any concerns or issues were resolved immediately. Highly recommend.
December 10, 2013
Monday-Wednesday: 9:00am-7:00pm
Thursday-Friday: 9:00am-6:00pm
Saturday: 10:00am-5:00pm
Sunday: 11:00am-5:00pm
Al Angelo Company
Don't have a Rent.com account? Create one.
Creating an account allows you to acccess your saved and contacted properties on any device. Already have an account?Northbridge Champagne Mirror - 714-021
Northbridge Champagne Mirror:
- Features clean, simple lines
- Simple profile
- Large mirror
- Champagne Finish
- Fully Assembled
- Material: Pine & Mare Veneer
Finish: Champagne
Finish Distressing: No
Dimensions:
35-3/4" x 2" x 45" tall
Furnished Over 1 Million Homes Since 1997...
I was very satisfied with One Way Furniture Service. I have referred them to many friends, family, and customers. Thank you. Kathy A. Eisele, Boston, MA
Product Review - Powell Northbridge Champagne Mirror
Furniture Brand
Weight & Size
Reference - Sku: 714-021 - Powell Northbridge Champagne Mirror by Powell FurnitureNot the mom, but Grandma
My first grandbaby was born 2 weeks ago and was born with a pigmented hairy nevus on his temple/face, it measures 8cm so it is rather large. Mommy & Daddy are adjusting well and love the little guy to peices! But none of us are too sure how to handle the "gasps", or the "OH my's" , or "wow did he get hurt " or "holy crap look at the hair on that thing"when in public and people make such rude comments. I personally would like to rip their faces off(LOL) but we want little cameron to learn to deal with it in a better more positive way. Also was wondering if anyone else out there has a child with a hairy nevus? Were wanting to look into health risks and get some support so we can best deal with this.
heres a pic of my sweet grandbaby! Cameron
My daughter has a hemangioma on her face so I can relate to the public comments. I don't know much about a hairy nevus but I wanted to say that Cameron is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!!!
Tara
Thanks we too think he is beautiful, just wish the strangers you meet thought the same.. ya know?
I do know exactly what you mean! It's SO hard sometimes. I even found myself getting angry when children point and stare...It's painful but I have to remember that Michaela doesn't even know what is going on. I have become stronger and less aware actually to strangers and their "stares". I KNOW she is my beautiful baby girl and she is perfect in our eyes. Give Cameron tons of hugs and kisses....as I am sure you already do a TON of that!! ;)
Take care!
Tara
I know what you mean also. My little guy has a hemangioma on his top lip. People always have to ask "What Happened"? Anywho Cameron is a doll!!!
He is so cute! My son has one his elbow, and it has recently just started sprouting little tiny hairs. My daughter had a port wine stain. I would talk to a couple different doctors, just because certain birthmarks can be linked to different disorders. Best of luck.
on Apr. 21, 2009 at 10:11 AM
- KerasmamaOn Aug 19 2005, Alan Cooper wrote:
> Personally I believe that the training of students to use a specific
> tool rather than to understand the concepts (with sufficient depth
> to adapt to whatever is available) is both pedagogically unsound
> and almost immoral in that it uses the public education system to
> promote the interests of a particular commercial enterprise.
Thank you, thank you, thank you!!! I've been saying the same for decades
without success, let alone "these days", though I have not said it better. My
simple suggestion is to ask what can be taught that can not be taught without
either a coaluclator or a computer? They are certainly an assest, but the
course becomes one in learning the use of the particular machine rather than the
topic at hand. in fact, hereabouts it has now been recognised that there are
too many dropouts and not enough graduates, do the courses are going to be made
deliberately easier. What does "education' mean these days?
David.Goodbye, Josh Ledet
Josh Ledet hugs Jennifer Lopez farewell in this American Idol photo. The singer had an incredible season 11 run.
- Photo Credit:
- Michael Becker/FOX
- Tag:
- American Idol
- Star:
- Joshua Ledet
- Related Photos:
- American Idol Photos, Joshua Ledet Photos
- Related Posts:
-
- Uploaded by:
- Hilton Hater
- Uploaded:
-. items served hamburgers garnished with pickled red onions, roasted bell peppers, wild arugula and St. Agur blue cheese – for $14 — the Santa Ana City Jail for 14 years. “When I first started here, I was quite impressed with the quality of the food.”
Some inmates were eager to talk about the jailhouse eats.
“I think they are giving us really bad food,” says one inmate. “They used to give us cereal every day. Now they give us potatoes and peanut butter bread.”
Changes that didn't go over well included swapping out chicken for a soy product, serving potatoes almost daily, sweetened tea that was inconsistently sweet and bread that got dry and stale from reheating.
“I know this is jail,” says an immigration detainee. “We can't really be picky, but I'm glad (some) guys protested and made a difference.”
Holland says many of the unannounced menu changes were made to cut costs. For instance, a hot dog bun, which costs 14 cents, was replaced with a 4-cent slice of bread.
Among her recommendations: Cut bread close to meal time, serve potatoes less frequently, replace sweet beans with another item, and use more seasoning on potatoes and rice.
Some of the recommendations were immediately adopted. Others, such as serving a sandwich with coleslaw instead of a hot potato, or not serving pasta with pinto beans, require corporate approval from Aramark.
Basic food at the jail is free. But inmates with money in their accounts have some options. Choosing from a menu of “Fresh and Frozen Favorites,” they can buy a jalapeno cheeseburger for $3.95, chorizo and eggs with cheese for $4.75, and a dozen fresh cookies for $5.98.
All that extra food can take its toll on the waistline.
One inmate, who has spent more that a year in jail, says she's gained about 40 pounds and has developed gastritis.
“In a week, I can easily spend $30 to $60 on (jail) commissary items,” says a 38-year-old mother of three.
“I try to watch what I eat,” says another inmate, who protested the menu changes by refusing to eat for three days. “If I ate everything, I would be fat.”
It costs the jail about $2.20 per meal to feed inmates an average of 2,800 calories a day, Cullum says.
Two women in their early 20s waiting to be released offer their opinions.
“It was nice and starchy,” one says. “It wasn't five star, but it was OK.”
In his nearby cell, Daniels continues sampling breakfast, lunch and dinner.
He rates the dinner coleslaw “horrible” and grimaces when he bites into the fruity oatmeal bar.
He laughs when someone asks him how the salad is.
“Salad?” he says. “This is just iceberg lettuce.”
Daniels gives a more favorable review of breakfast.
“Everything is good,” he says. “I would probably add salt to the potatoes and sugar to the oatmeal.”
Holland is readying for another binge on jail food to make sure food issues have been adequately addressed.
“It's important to meet the basic needs of all inmates,” she says. “We don't want them to feel they are being disregarded.”
After eating at the jail, Daniels heads off to his recently opened Haven Gastropub + Brewery location in Pasadena, where diners can scarf on such items as paté maison, a goose pastrami sandwich with coleslaw and artisan rye bread, and butterscotch pot de crème for dessert,
Says the professional chef of his jailhouse experience: “It was very.POPSUGAR POPSUGAR Celebrity I See the Light by Leah Rocketto 3/04/14 Shares Like us on Facebook It's hard to go wrong with a Tangled tune sung by Mandy Moore. I See the Light originally posted on View Transcript » Transcript Read More Kids Books And MusicKid ShoppingDisney Get the scoop with our daily newsletter Movies A-Listers TV Young Hollywood Sign up with By signing up, I agree to the Terms and to receive emails from POPSUGAR.Detail Information
Publications2
Task-related training improves performance of seated reaching tasks after stroke. A randomized controlled trialC M Dean
Faculty of Health Sciences, University of Sydney, Australia
Stroke 28:722-8. 1997..The purpose of this randomized placebo-controlled study was to evaluate the effect of a 2-week task-related training program aimed at increasing distance reached and the contribution of the affected lower leg to support and balance...
Walking speed over 10 metres overestimates locomotor capacity after strokeC M Dean
Centre interdisciplinaire de recherche en réadaptation et intégration sociale CIRRIS de l Institut de réadaptation en déficience physique de Québec, Canada
Clin Rehabil 15:415-21. 2001..To examine 10-m comfortable walking speed and 6-minute distance in healthy individuals and individuals after stroke and to assess the level of disability associated with poor walking endurance after stroke....
- Free WiFi
- Number of restaurants - 2
- On private beach
- Outdoor pool
- Beach bar
- 24-hour fitness facilities
- Poolside bar
- Bar/lounge
- Coffee shop or café
- Free beach cabanas
- Beach sun loungers
- Beach towels
- Beach/pool umbrellas
- 24-hour business center
- Conference center
- Breakfast available (surcharge)
- Valet parking (surcharge)
- Self parking (surcharge)
- Conference space
- Conference space size (feet) - 80729
- Conference space size (meters) - 7500
- Number of meeting rooms - 13
- Meeting rooms
- Babysitting or childcare (surcharge)
- Free pool cabanas
- Pool sun loungers
- Dry cleaning/laundry service
- 24-hour front desk
- Limo or Town Car service available
- Computer station
- Express check-in
- Express check-out
- Free newspapers in lobby
- Tours/ticket assistance
- Multilingual staff
- Wedding services
- Garden
- Gift shops or newsstand
- Television in lobby
- Porter/bellhop
- Safe-deposit box at front desk
- Elevator/lift
- Luggage storage
- Smoke-free property
- Number of buildings/towers - 1
- Number of floors - 7
- Total number of rooms - 288
- Year Built 1903
Family Friendly Amenities
- Free Wi-Fi
- On private beach
- Outdoor pool
- Refrigerator
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- In-room childcare (surcharge)
- Babysitting or childcare (surcharge)
Internet
Available in all rooms: Wireless internet access (10.99 USD per 24 hours surcharge), Wired internet access (10.99 USD per 24 hours surcharge)
Available in some public areas: Free WiFi
Parking
Self parking (surcharge), Valet parking (surcharge)
Room Amenities
- WiFi (surcharge)
- Wired high-speed Internet access (surcharge)
- Pillowtop mattress
- Deep soaking bathtub
- Room service (24 hours)
- Flat-panel TV
- Cable TV service
- Premium TV channels
- Refrigerator
- Premium bedding
- Separate bathtub and shower
- Coffee/tea maker
- Pillow menu
- Down comforter
- Cribs/infant beds available
- Rollaway/extra beds available
- Daily housekeeping
- Free newspaper
- In-room childcare (surcharge)
- In-room massage available
- Hair dryer
- In-room safe (laptop compatible)
- Free toiletries
- Phone
- Iron/ironing board
- Desk
- Blackout drapes/curtains
- Air conditioning
- Climate control
- Private bathroom
- Connecting/adjoining rooms available.Diane Holley, Editor
The Buyers Network is Published
Monthly by the Purchasing Division of the West
Virginia Department of Administration to Promote Better Value in Public Purchasing
Welcome to the August 2001 Issue of the The Buyers Network!
Articles in this Issue:
External Relations Unit
Karen Byrd Hired to Enhance Communication with Vendors and Political Subdivisions
Agency Purchasing Conference Set for October 15-18, 2001
Director's Comments:
Looking at Ways to Improve YOUR Purchasing Conference
NOTICE: Surety Company Files for Bankruptcy
Vendor Spotlight: Meet Our West Virginia Businesses!
Recent Floods in Southern WV Require Emergency Purchases in Cleanup Effort
What's State Government Buying?
Misdirected and Lost Documents?
Purchasing Division Ensures Proper Receipt by Tracking State Agency Documents
Advice to Vendor Wanting to Conduct State Business
Padon to Encourage New Businesses to Participate in State Bidding Process
Agency Meeting Analysis Confirm Successful Idea of Periodic Visits
Welcome Chester Popham to the Automation Unit
Current Statewide Contract Update
Questions?...Just Ask Us!
External
Relations Unit
Karen Byrd Hired to Enhance Communication
with Vendor and Political Subdivisions
With an emphasis on customer service,
the Purchasing Division has created a new unit under the Acquisition and Contract
Administration Section to enhance "external relations."
Karen Byrd has joined the division to oversee the activities within this unit, with the assistance of Barry Gunnoe. Byrd previously worked at the Charleston Housing Authority, serving in the positions of Purchasing Manager and, most recently, Director of Housing Management.
"This position has offered me the opportunity to return to government purchasing, which I enjoy," said Byrd. "I look forward to the challenge that will come with this job and to share some of my experiences with state agency representatives. I hope that we can successfully resolve issues with vendors in order to obtain the products and services that are needed."
Purchasing Director Dave Tincher said he is anxious for this unit to begin reaching out to our customers. "After many discussions in the office, on the telephone and during my visits throughout West Virginia, I envisioned creating an internal resource to assist state agencies, vendors, municipalities, county commissions and other political subdivisions," he said. "Karen and Barry will be proactive in getting information out to our customers and in addressing specific issues of concern to these entities."
Inspections is another area on which this unit will focus its efforts. Due to a limited staff, the Purchasing Division has been unable to travel throughout the state to talk face-to-face to agency personnel on purchasing matters and other programs which the Purchasing Division administers. This unit will be reviving the inspection program, but Tincher encourages agencies to look positively on this program.
"The term inspection often denotes a negative connotation," Tincher said. "We want these visits to be interactive, with the Purchasing Division and the agency staff asking questions. I expect positive results from these visits."
Back to the Top
Agency Purchasing Conference Set
for October 15-18, 2001
The Purchasing Division is in the process of finalizing the itinerary for the upcoming Agency Purchasing Conference.
The conference packets should be made available by the first of September and mailed to all state agency procurement officers. At that time, individuals may access the Purchasing Division's website () to view the information and submit their registration form electronically.
Questions regarding this training effort may be directed to our conference coordinators:
Diane Holley: 558-0661 (dholley@gwmail.state.wv.us)
Debbie Watkins: 558-3568 (dwatkins@gwmail.state.wv.us)
Back to the Top
Looking at Ways to Improve YOUR Purchasing
Conference
The Director's Comments
By Dave Tincher
State Purchasing Director
Although
it is often reiterated, the Purchasing Division values training and the sharing of
information. For this reason, we offer an annual purchasing conference for state agency
procurement officers and their staff.
What are we wanting to achieve through these annual conferences? There are many objectives to this training program: to network with other state employees in their field; to learn about procedures and policies related to the programs we administer; and to gain feedback from the participants as to how the Purchasing Division can improve these programs and services offered.
At the 2001 Agency Purchasing Conference, our coordinators, Diane Holley and Debbie Watkins, continue to look at ways to improve certain aspects of this training event. This year, I have requested that they meet with agency and Purchasing representatives prior to publishing the workshop schedule to ensure that the topics addressed are relevant.
They are also looking closely at the comments received from last year's conference evaluation forms. These surveys are extremely important to us in planning future training endeavors.
If you have any suggestions or comments regarding the purchasing conference, please let your voice be heard. Contact Diane Holley or Debbie Watkins (see telephone numbers and email addres-ses on page 1) and share your ideas.
The annual conferences are designed to assist the agency procurement officers. Although the responses from past conference evaluations have been extremely positive, the Purchasing Division continues to look at ways to improve your conference.
I look forward to seeing many of you at our conference in October. Together we can learn from one another and improve the way we do business.
Back to the Top
NOTICE: Surety Company Files for Bankruptcy
The Purchasing Division has been notified that AMWest has filed for bankruptcy, according to Buyer Supervisor Ron Price.
"Agencies will need to supply the Purchasing Division with a list of uncompleted projects that included bonds," Price said. "Once we receive this information, we can better determine if AMWest is the surety and take appropriate action."
Agency procurement officers who have questions regarding this matter should contact Ron Price directly at (304) 558-0492 or via electronic mail at rprice@gwmail.state.wv.us.
Back to the Top
VENDOR SPOTLIGHT...Meet Our West Virginia Businesses!
Valley Air, Inc. of Charleston, West Virginia
Valley Air, Inc. of Charleston, West Virginia, offers construction equipment and supplies, rental equipment, steel, rebarr, handtools and safety supplies.
Jim Pauley of Valley Air best describes his business with state government as most satisfactory, adding that his state contacts are very knowledgeable and professional. His company deals primarily with the Department of Transportation and the Division of Natural Resources.
"I have found that sales calls to state agencies have improved my business with the state," he said. "It is important to speak face-to-face with the staff who has purchasing responsibilities and understands the agency's needs."
For more details on the products offered by Valley Air, contact Jim Pauley at (800) 435-9959 or by email at valley@newwave.net.
Back to the Top
Recent
Floods in Southern WV Require
When astate of emergency is declared, many state agencies are affected, either directly or indirectly. In addition to the Office of Emergency Services and other responding agencies, the Purchasing Division is often called to action in many cases. With the recent flooding in the southern part of the state, the division assisted in the procurement of goods and services used in the cleanup effort.
In a prepared statement, Governor Bob Wise referred to the recent floods which hit southern West Virginia as the worst he has ever seen in that region. Along with other state officials, Gov. Wise traveled to some of the hardest hit areas to inspect the damage.
"There are close to 3,000 homes that have been damaged or destroyed, 500 people living in shelters and millions of dollars in damage," Gov. Wise said. "By far, this is the most devastation we have seen in our state in a decade or more."
The National Guard stationed hundreds of members on active duty in the eight designated counties. Two National Guard helicopters from West Virginia, with the help of four National Guard helicopters from Virginia, flew reconnaissance flights over rural areas in southern West Virginia to perform damage assessments in areas not accessible via roadways.
Water, sewer and natural gas systems in some areas of the flooded counties were offline. Water tankers had been dispatched to deliver water to several counties.
Hundreds of people were displaced from their homes, and more than 20 Red Cross shelters opened their doors to provide relief and assistance to affected families. The State Operations Center was active with personnel from several state agencies and volunteer organizations coordinating flood relief efforts.
The Purchasing Division worked closely with many of these agencies to assist in the expedient procurement of needed equipment and supplies. "In times of a state of emergency, our staff works to quickly perform the tasks in acquiring the necessary items to clean up the worst hit areas," said Purchasing Director Dave Tincher.
According to the Purchasing Division Policies and Procedures Handbook, emergency purchases are made when unforeseen causes arise, including delays by contractors, delays in transportation and unanticipated volume of work. Emergency purchases are not used for hardship resulting from neglect, poor planning, or lack of organization by the spending unit. The Purchasing Director must approve all emergency purchases, by concluding that some unforeseen or unexpected circumstance has suddenly created a situation requiring that goods or services be immediately purchased by a state spending unit.William R. Sharpe Jr. Hospital
Request to prepare and re-paint its therapeutic pool.
wDivision of Culture and History
Request to provide Printing of 5000 copies of "Historic West Virginia."
wDivision of Natural Resources
Request to provide apparel uniforms for the front desk/office clerk parks and recreation personnel.
wDepartment of Education
Request to provide 130 each graphing calculator, view screen packages and one day training.
wDepartment of Education
Request to rehabilitate the railroad crossing warning near Elkins.
Back to the Top
Misdirected and Lost Documents?
Purchasing Division Ensures Proper Receipt
by Tracking State Agency Documents
What happened to your purchasing document? Have your transactions received delayed action because they were sent to the wrong person?
Misdirected information results in delays and potential problems. Unfortunately, we have all experienced it in some aspect in business.
In order to better serve our customers, the Purchasing Division is requesting that all transaction documents, such as change orders, requisitions, direct purchase orders and emergencies, be sent directly to the attention of Sue Smith of the Purchasing Division, according to Curt Curtiss, Assistant Purchasing Director for the Acquisition and Contract Admini-stration Section. The document will be time-stamped and logged into our automated purchasing system for accountability and tracking purposes.
The Purchasing Division staff has been instructed to not process any document or proceed with any action until the transaction document has been properly received in this manner. When documents are sent or hand-carried to the incorrect buyer or sent directly to the appropriate buyer, it requires additional handling and delays action.
State agency procurement officers are requested to send all transaction documents directly to Sue Smith of the Purchasing Division at 2019 Washington Street, East, P.O. Box 50130, Charleston, WV 25305.
Agency personnel who have access to the TEAM system may verify if a document has been received by accessing the RH1 screen. At the bottom of this screen, a statement will read "received" and offer a date. This is the date that the document was received and logged at the Purchasing Division. If the document cannot be located on the RH1 screen, the document has not been received or no action is occurring. If no action has occurred within two working days, the buyer should be notified by electronic mail or telephone to determine the reason for the delay.
Back to the Top
Advice to Vendors Wanting to State Business
Scott Padon, who is working closely with West Virginia bus-inesses who are interested in doing business with the state, offers a few tips for these vendors:
wVendors should not be intimidated by the prospect of dealing with such a large organization. It is important to ask questions and more questions. They should be patient as their understanding of the procurement process grows with experience. Vendor will learn that conducting business with state government is the same as conducting business with any corporate customer. The ultimate consumer of the product or service is not necessarily the same individual who places orders or issues payment for the commodities received.
wWhen conducting business, vendors should be responsive to their state government customers and accurate on the invoices and supporting documentation for the sales reflected on the invoice.
wLastly, vendors should nurture their business and relationship with state government as a customer. They should not plan on state government being a million dollar account if their business is a million dollar business.
Back to the Top
Padon to
Encourage New Businesses to
Participate in State Bidding Process
It's as easy as
A-B-C....according to Scott Padon, who is overseeing new business development for
the Purchasing Division. "Our division has made a number of changes that makes it
easier to do business with the state of West Virginia," Padon said. "However,
there is still a perception that it is difficult to do business with the state. It is my
job to do away with that perception, particularly as it relates to small businesses that
are growing in our state."
Focusing primarily on West Virginia businesses, Padon has been working closely with the Development Office's Small Business Center. This office assists individuals who are contemplating starting a business as well as small businesses which have started but are in the beginning stages. "My goal is to explain to these individuals the changes that have occurred that will make it easier to do business with the state," he said.
Padon is participating in two aspects of small business development workshops that are being conducted by the Development Office. One meeting will be offered on a quarterly basis to new and existing businesses. Other meetings will be scheduled more frequently to target individuals who are in the initial planning stages of starting a business or those who have just begun operation.
"The number one thing we want to tell them is that it is easy to do business with the state. The registration process is very simple," he adds. "As for bidding, once you look at the authority granted to agencies to make purchases on their own, it really targets in terms of dollars, what most small businesses want to get as far as what they sell and their market."
Some of the changes that have resulted in the Purchasing Division relate to the review and modifications of processes, including the payment aspect. "From cradle to grave, the whole process has been reviewed and a common sense approach has been taken for what is necessary to protect the interests of the state as the consumer and to protect the interest of the vendor as the provider of products and services. The implementation of the state purchasing card program has also enhanced the ease of conducting state businesses.
"We not only want individuals to start new businesses in the state, but we want to build a lasting and profitable relationship," Padon said. "It will be profitable solution for them and for us."
Back to the Top
Agency Meeting Analysis Confirm
Successful Idea of Periodic Visits
Purchasing Director Dave Tincher and Assistant Director Curt Curtiss have been busy conducting meetings with various agency purchasing officials to discuss current issues of importance and to provide problem resolution on particular situations pending.
According to a recent evaluation of those individuals attending these meetings, nearly 95 percent indicated that their level of satisfaction was high.
All of the respondents noted that they found the meeting beneficial. "This feedback reinforces our decision to continue to meet on a regular basis with our agency representatives," said Tincher. "Many of the individuals with whom we have met indicated that opening the lines of communication has resulted in the development of new solutions to old problems."
Other respondents stated that the informality of the meetings was a positive change. "When we met with Dave and Curt, we could roll up our sleeves and talk about important issues," according to an evaluation respondent.
The survey analysis revealed that 100 percent of those surveyed indicated that their problems or issues of concern were addressed, with all but one respondent stating that a resolution was reached during the meeting.
In March, the Purchasing Division began meeting with representatives from agencies which purchase a high volume of products and services. "To ensure that we are meeting our customers' needs, we plan to continue to check with the state agency purchasing representatives to make sure we are on track," Tincher adds.
Back to the Top
Welcome Chester Popham to the Automation Unit
Chester Popham was
recently hired as our Information Systems Coordinator. Working for Dan Miller in the
Automation Unit, he is assisting with the automated purchasing system, the
Internet/Intranet sites, and networking applications.
Originally from Cedartown, Georgia, Chester served eight years in the U.S. Air Force at Robins Air Force Base, working on secure systems maintenance, voice data, and encrypting/decrypting information. Chester said that he hopes to make customer service more reliable. He lives in Culloden, with his wife Nancy and 8-month-old daughter Hailey Eleise.
Back to the Top
Current Statewide Contract Update
Information and dates (as of July 16, 2001) included in this Current Statewide Contract Update are subject to change. If you need additional information, please contact the appropriate state buyer.
Contracts to be Bid or Under Evaluation
Contract:CABLE
Contract:EDMS
Contract:SAT
Contract:R-SHEET
Contract: CEREAL
Contract:FINEPAP
Contracts to be Renewed
Contract:STAKES
Contract:TAGS
Contracts to be Reviewed
AUGUST
File 21: MV
File 21: CONV
File 31: DRESS
File 42: BWATER
SEPTEMBER
File 21: MFSVC
Microfilm Services
File 22: ROOMS
File 22: FLOORPAD
File 31: DEBT
File 33: C-PIPE
File 42: CARPET
File 42: SYSFURN August 2001 Issue of The Buyers NetworkWienerzilla! Texas Rangers Offer 2 Foot Dog for $26 Andy March 28, 2012 Baseball, News, Sports 1 Comment Perhaps there is some validity to the claim that everything is bigger in Texas. The Texas Rangers are just stepping up to the plate to solidify it. And really, is there anyone better suited to pitch anything with ease then Team president Nolan Ryan? In a recent radio interview he enthusiastically boasted the new addition to the franchises stadium menu roster which will make its debut on April 6th, the Rangers home opener. The offering is a Coney Island-style wiener that will be adorned with shredded cheese, chili, jalapenos and sauteed onions. Perhaps the biggest justification for pricing? Well that would be the bun, which is made of an exotic bread imported directly from France. Le Yee-haw! The two-foot-long, one-pound gourmet behemoth apparently feeds three or four fans easily and costs a paltry $26. Truly not your Grandfather’s ballpark frank. To give a current price comparison, you’ll pay about $7.50 for a standard size Nathan’s dog at Yankee Stadium this year. Look for Man vs. Food fueled eating competitions revolving around this meaty monolith. Undoubtedly it will become a legend of 7th inning stretch mark devourathon challenges. “We wanted something that somebody would walk up to and go, ‘Wow,'”.” This mighty dog wil be available throughout the stadium but if you manage to order it at the Captain Morgan Club, the resident sports bar, it’ll arrive on a specially designed two-foot cutting board. Classy. Anywhere else on the premises, the tube steak will be sold as “the Boomstick”. Geeky, Evil Dead reference aside, it’s a much better suited name for such a formidable Snack Bar rookie. As MLB fans consume more then 25 million hot dogs a year, time will tell if the Champion Dog is just a marketing ploy or the real deal, one day having its number retired next to the three pound pretzel the Rangers brought up from the Minors last year. At the time of writing this article, both the Fenway Frank and the Dodger Dog were unavailable forames March 31st, 2012 If they think that dog is crazy, they should go try a footlong Chicago Dog from sonic. Now that is a extreme dog. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Name* Email* Website Comment Current day month ye@r * Leave this field empty * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email.grownup bento: chicken salad sandwich with lettuce and tomato on croissant, fortune cookie, 3 red cinnamon bears, asparagus, and strawberries.
Nino Envuelto (recipe to come)-it's essentially a rice cake wrapped in cabbage leaves, apple quartered, babybel chese, and sweet and salty trail mix.
Dannon drinkable yogurt, cucumber slices, 3 pieces of rolled up ham, apple quartered, and Breton crackers
Oatmeal squares cereal, cucumbers, apple chunks, natural cheese
Danimals drinkable yogurt, mini rice cakes, venta crackers, carrot sticks, cucumber coins, and quartered apple. The stuff in the top right container is Boursin cheese spread. It's a Gournay cheese (kind of like cream cheese). This one is flavored with shallot and green onions. It's strong, but pretty delicious. The kids liked it on crackers and veggies.
This is a new bento box! I'll try to get a picture of the whole thing with the lid sometime. It's called Dyno Dips because of the dinosaur dip dividers in the center. I thought it would be good for a bento and it was pretty good. It's cute. And I got it at ROSS for $2. Can't beat that. Also, our ROSS had a bunch of those lock and lock containers but they didn't have any of the divider containers so I wasn't completely sold on it even thought they were just over $2 a piece. Maybe one of you can tell me if you can buy the little divider containers seperately. Anyway, this one has grainsfirst crackers (brand is Dare. These crackers have 10 kinds of seeds on them. I wasn't sure if the kids would eat them, but they loved them.), strawberries, Boursin cheese, "dinosaur eggs" (leftover easter candy), apple slices, carrot sticks, and 2 chocolate covered pretzels.
1 comment:
Great bentos!Thursday, October 10, 2013
Dr. Mary Anne Larkin and Dr. Lainey Bruhn
Special to the Moultrie News
More than 36 million American Adults have some degree of hearing loss. That is greater than four times the amount of people who live in New York City.
The statistics are shocking and even more so knowing that more than half of those 36 million Americans are under the age of 65. Hearing loss is an increasing health concern in this nation that is often preventable. Taking time to see an audiologist for regular hearing screenings and knowing the signs of hearing loss can protect your hearing. Make an appointment with an audiologist this October during National Audiology Awareness Month. hearing loss treatment service.
In response to the growing number of Americans suffering from hearing loss, the American Academy of Audiology in conjunction with Advanced Hearing Care have launched National Audiology Awareness Month this October.
Dr. Mary Anne Larkin and Dr. Lainey Bruhn of Advanced Hearing Care can be reached at 843-849-8604 or advhearing.Interview with Good Kill star Bruce Greenwood
Matthew Lickona 4:30 p.m., May 20
Literally, Alien in plural. Where the 1979 forerunner was guilty of being overproduced for the scope of its action, the sequel comes near to filling every available inch. "This time," as the ads say, "it's war." But there is cheapness of a type, too: the deceitful sort of fright that turns out to be just a bad dream; the innocent tap on the shoulder at a moment of high tension. But for every such cheap thrill, there is a hard-earned one to balance it, and all in all there is an overload of both. The alternately exhilarating and exasperating finale, with the heroine and sole survivor of the first film donning a sort of robotized forklift as a suit of armor, is a tidy summary of plusses and minuses. With Sigourney Weaver, Michael Biehn, and Lance Henriksen; written and directed by James Cameron. 1986.
Or login with:
OpenIDAndroid Market: 10 Days of Offers – Top Premium Apps – 10¢ per App
Android Market offers ten (10) top premium Apps for 10¢ each, every day, for ten (10) days! Tuesday, December 6th – Thursday, December 15th Link: These and Other Great Apps for 10¢ (New offers daily!) Here’s a few other titles not on the above list that are 10¢: Great Little War Game SimCity Deluxe Here’s Kung Fu Panda Holiday FREE on Amazon.com AppStore:Figure 1:
Long-term filtration during extracorporeal circulation (ECC) not only removes but also activates leukocytes. A closed ECC loop was established with a regular arterial filter (Group C) or a leukocyte filter (Group S or L,
in each group). The ECC was primed with 300 mL of blood. Blood in Group S was filtrated for 5 min, then the leukocyte filter was bypassed, while blood in Group L was filtrated throughout the 60 min experiment. Leukocytes (a), neutrophils (b), and lymphocytes (c) were reduced after 5 min of filtration in groups L and S. However, mean fluorescent intensities (MFI) of CD11/CD18 of leukocytes (a′), neutrophils (b′), and lymphocytes (c′) were significantly higher in Group L than in groups C and S. *
and **
versus control; and
#
and
##
versus Group L.I did, and we don't know what they mean when they say "minimum 3400Mah". If the LG website says that the T-Mo version of the Flex only gets a 3400Mah battery, then there isn't any doubt in my mind that's what it is.
It's not like they put that on their site for no reason at all.The filmmaker, however, doesn’t believe that documentary filmmaking can adequately capture or reflect reality. For him, the relationship between the two doesn’t exist in practical terms.
“Reality is a term used academically to discuss documentary cinema. It is a concept, a way of thinking about the world. To me, the so-called reality in documentary is nothing more than emotional truth, or to be truthful and respectful of the person or event depicted,” the director explains.
Recovering History
The recovery of history is central to Wang’s cinematic endeavors, and is driven by an urge to fill the void left by the nation’s collective amnesia of its past and the rapid disappearance of people, places and ways of life. After three years of interviews with more than 100 survivors which took him across China — from Shanghai and Guangzhou to Tianjin and Xinjiang — Wang completed his debut feature The Ditch (夾邊溝) in 2010. Based on Chinese writer Yang Xianhui’s (楊顯惠) book Goodbye Jiabiangou (夾邊溝記事), the film is a historically accurate account of the tragedy that happened at a labor camp located in Gansu Province’s Gobi Desert in 1960. It was a time when the nation was plagued by the widespread famine that came to be known as the Three Years of Great Chinese Famine (三年大饑荒, 1958 to 1961). Nearly 3,000 “rightists” were sent to the camp for re-education. Most of them starved to death. Only 300 people survived.
Wang points out that as the making of historical drama often involves too much complexity for independent filmmakers to overcome, it is all the more important to realize the project when he has a chance.
“My parent’s generation couldn’t have made this kind of film. But I raised the money and made it the way I wanted. And though it was difficult to make the film with limited resources, it was particularly important to complete it,” he says.
Wang’s cinematic writing of history comes from personal experiences and perspectives. Grand historical viewpoints and discourses don’t interest him as they only frame and shape the way history is perceived, he says.
“To me, history is a moment of a person’s life which touches that person’s inner world in a profound way. It is not difficult to depict the macroscopic. But true history lies in one day, one hour, one moment of truth in someone’s life,” he muses. “In my documentaries, I don’t tell the whole story of a person; I portray a moment in its entirety.”
Fengming: a Chinese Memoir is an eloquent example of Wang’s approach. He Fengming (和鳳鳴), a retired journalist the director encountered while he researched the fictional project, is the sole heroine in the three-hour cinematic oral history that reveals He’s personal account of the anti-rightist campaign she barely survived. Her husband was among those who died at the labor camp of Jiabiangou.
Deceptively simple, the film opens with the elderly woman trudging up a pathway toward her flat, settling into a chair in the living room and speaking directly to the camera across a table as night gradually falls. The flow of her narrative carefully coincides with the changing light and the progression of time so as to create a still, almost sepulchral space where the elderly survivor seems to only exist in her own memory of the past, Wang says.The University of Arizona
Advanced Search
Read Excerpt
The Big Empty
The Great Plains in the Twentieth Century
By
R. Douglas Hurt
344 pp. / 6.00 in x 9.00 in / 2011
Cloth (978-0-8165-2970-4) [
s
]
Paper (978-0-8165-2972-8) [
s
]
Paper ($29.95)
Cloth ($65.00)
Series
-
The Modern American West
Related Interest
-
Western History
The Great Plains, known for grasslands that stretch to the horizon, is a difficult region to define. Some classify it as the region beginning in the east at the ninety-eighth or one-hundredth
Anyone who wants to have a better understanding of the development of the American west in the twentieth century should read this book.
—Canadian Journal of History
The Big Empty de-romanticizes the relationships between the American heartland and its people by bringing the historical record to bear on a past that has been richly storied but unevenly studied.
—The H-Net: Humanities and Social Science Reviews Online
Hurt's new book presents a vast array of information about the 20th-century Great Plains and includes a wealth of notes to sources that will lead many readers into a rich literature and perhaps inspire more research and publishing about the Plains.
The Big Empty
will ultimately take its place alongside other classic works of history about the Great Plains, including James Malin's
The Grassland of North America,
Walter Prescott Webb's
The Great Plains
and Everett Dick's
The Sod House Frontier.
–Prairie Fire
meridian. Others identify the eastern boundary with annual precipitation lines, soil composi-tion, or length of the grass. In
The Big Empty
, leading historian R. Douglas Hurt defines this region using the towns and cities—Denver, Lin-coln, and Fort Worth—that made a difference in the history of the environment, politics, and agriculture of the Great Plains.
Using the voices of women homesteaders, agrarian socialists, Jewish farmers, Mexican meatpackers, New Dealers, and Native Americans, this book creates a sweeping survey of contested race relations, radical politics, and agricultural prosperity and decline during the twentieth century. This narrative shows that even though Great Plains history is fraught with personal and group tensions, violence, and distress, the twentieth century also brought about compelling social, economic, and political change.
The only book of its kind, this account will be of interest to historians studying the region and to anyone inspired by the story of the men and women who found an opportunity for a better life in the Great Plains.MYBODY
mybody Advanced Probiotic Skincare products are formulated with new-age topical probiotics, Micronurients, and Key Peptides to sooth the skin while drastically reversing the signs of aging. mybody is one of the first skincare lines to harness the power of probiotics, living microorganisms that are proven to boost the skins health and overall appearance.
All mybody products are free of parabens, dyes, sulfates, gluten, phthalates, and other harmful radicals. Shop the latest in mybody skincare online at Iderma!
A-Team Retinol & Wrinkle Treatment$105.00
Beat The Rush Anti-Redness Treatment$85.00
Bergamot Lime Candle
Regular Price: $45.00
Special: $36.00
Break Free Oil-Free Hydrator$60.00
Brightamin-C Vitamin C Age Repair Serum$145.00
Calm After The Storm (CATS) Eye Cream$75.00
Calm After The Storm Soothing Treatment$94.00
Calm It Down Daily Kit$220.00
Citrus Coconut Spa Candle
Regular Price: $45.00
Special: $36.00
Erase It Acne Daily Kit$190.00
Fitting Room Firm & Tone Body Lotion$75.00
Fitting Room Firm & Tone Body Serum$115.00
Fitting Room Skin Prep Body Polish$45.00
Fitting Room Slimming Essentials Body Kit$245.00
Glow Forward$85.00
Let Me Clarify Refining Gel$65.00
MyHero Anti-Aging Growth Factor Serum$225.00
MyHero Ultra Rich Anti-Aging Growth Factor Cream$145.00
Neck-Cessity Anti-Aging Treatment Neck And Decolletage$125.00
Pamper Me Set Energizing Bergamot Lime$80.00
Pamper Me Set Revitalizing Citrus Coconut$80.00
Pamper Me Set Soothing Rose Chamomile$80.00
Perfect Pair$315.00
Probiotic Bath & Shower Gel Energizing Bergamot Lime$29.00Program Lineup for RISI's European Pulp & Paper Conference
BRUSSELS, March 22, 2013 Sausage Pasta Skillet Recipe
3.5 2
_2<<
Sort By :
MY REVIEW
Reviewed Nov. 10, 2009
"My family loves this!!! If you want less spice, I've used 1 can rotel and 1 can diced tomatoes. I have 2 small children and they gobble this up!! Quick and easy meal!!"
MY REVIEW
Reviewed Sep. 23, 2009
"I think I would use rice instead of the pasta. I used rotel, only 1 can and I found it to be spicy for the kids. Maybe add some red beans w/it too."
[30 November 2012]
PopMatters Contributing Editor
How do you like your hired killers? Bloodthirsty? Direct? Unabashedly cruel and vicious? How about depressed and talkative? Well, if you love the latter, get ready for the overly loquacious boredom that is Killing Them Softly. Carved out of a 1974 novel called Cogan’s Trade by George V. Higgins (perhaps most famous for his other book, The Friends of Eddie Coyle) and shifted from Boston to a post-Katrina locale, this ponderously paced mess from The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford director Andrew Dominik loves the sound of its own voice. When it’s not wasting time discussing things to death, it’s borrowing from betters while trying to breathe unnecessary new life into the antiquated concept of illegal street justice.
Brad Pitt may be all over the marquee, but he is a minor figure here. He is Jackie Cogan, a mob “fixer” who solve problems while keeping his distance. He likes to kill his victims “softly”, without any mess or emotional involvement. Brought in to find out what happened during the robbery of an underground card game, he soon discovers that original target, Markie Trattman (Ray Liotta) probably had nothing to do with it. Instead, it looks like a local lug (Vincent Curatola) and his two doped up accomplices (Scoot McNairy and Ben Mendelsohn) hit the illegal racket for some quick cash. Under the orders of the button down lawyer to the thugs (Richard Jenkins), Jackie brings in some help in the form of New York Mickey (James Gandfolfini). When it looks like he will be nothing but useless, our able antihero takes matters into his own murderous hands.
The result? Something akin to Zen and the Art of Being a Humble Hitman. Wearing a more conservative version of his Johnny Suede hairdo and smoking up a storm, Pitt applies the philosophical lessons that one can only learn by putting bullets into their fellow man to try and sort through one of the simplest crimes in gangster lore. Liotta’s Markie has already hit his own game once, so within days, someone decides to do it again, with all blame reverting back to the lug. Jenkins’ go-between wants people punished, and Pitt is the man with the attitude and ammunition. Along the way, we get a surreal slow motion whack job/car crash, a directorial decision to show heroin as Heaven, and more conversating than a Reservoir Dogs roundtable with diarrhea of the mouth.
Instead of going from Point A (crime) to Point B (punishment), Killing Them Softly applies an antithetical artistic strategy that goes a little something like this:
“Hey, some of our mob guys got robbed… let’s talk about it for 10 minutes.”
“Let’s hire some hitmen to clean up this mess… let’s talk about it for 10 minutes.”
“I know who did this… let’s talk about it for 10 minutes.”
“If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself… let’s talk about it for 10 minutes.”
Now, if the dialogue crackled like that of the hyperactive auteur who envisioned Hitler getting shot in the face, we wouldn’t care. We’d be angry when the stylized killings come along, since they would take away from the equally lethal conversations. But Dominik dilutes the world-weary words Higgins crafted to let his gifted cast simply ramble on. How else would you explain Gandolfini’s fetishizing of some Jewish prostitute he met in Florida? Or Pitt’s muddled byplay with Jenkins. Our dumb dope fiends spend an entire car ride discussing the value of having sex with dirty (literally filthy) girls while, in the background, the filmmaker forces anti-America circa 2008 political propaganda at us. Indeed, the entire aura of the film is focused around the last few months of George Bush’s presidency, the collapse of the economy, and the sorry ghost town state of New Orleans.
Yet Killing Them Softly doesn’t really DO anything with these elements. Instead, it believes in the power of words, and hurls them at the audience with flawed frequency. We need some moments of quiet contemplation—not too many, but a few—so that the actions of these antisocial bastards seem less… lackadaisical? Indeed, when someone is going on and on about being professional and getting the job done, you eventually just want him to shut up and do it, already. Instead, just as it’s ramping up to get all gory, Killing Them Softly stops off at the racketeering version of the Algonquin and settles in for a nice long ramble. By the time the bullets do fly, Dominik has to gussy them up with unnecessary visual panache. We don’t mind the flourishes, just the chatty foolishness beforehand.
In fact, had the director applied the same stylized, over the top tendencies that he shows in the various scenes of violence, Killing Them Softly would be a winner. It’d be an eccentric combination of John Woo and David Lynch (by the way, Mr. Dominik earns instant demerits for mimicking an important moment from Blue Velvet, including a wholly unnecessary audio cue). Instead, he hopes his garrulous characters will carry us past the problems in both execution and exposition. This is a movie that literally explains everything, which walks us through every minor detail of life on the wrong side of the law and none of it is very entertaining or interesting. Imagine an entire movie made out of the life of a drowsy Winston Wolfe wannabe and you start to get the idea.
It’s a shame, really. Pitt and the rest of the cast are fairly good at making us believe this mess. They come across as worn wise guys simply struggling to get by, especially Animal Kingdom‘s Mendelsohn, who looks like he’s permanently covered in a fine layer of greasy slim,e. There’s also little moments of electricity, as when Gandolfini confronts an inattentive waiter, that argue for what this film could have been. As it stands, Killing Them Softly is gangster-lite… and it won’t shut up about it. Sometimes, when you can talk the talk, you have to walk the walk. Otherwise, it’s just glib and underwhelming. Like this film.
Published at:This was the best place that we have stayed while we where are in US!! This hotel has everything that you could want!! Casino was great! Shopping was fantastic, shows where great as well. It was easy to get from one end of the strip to the other as the we could catch the monorail!! This hotel is in the middle of the strip! Such a great stay. Room was clean and we had a great view!!Go for it. Make plans. Have a good time. The response to anything for tomorrow night has been nil. On Mon, 18 Jul 2005, Rizvi, Ali wrote: > Looks like we don't have a meeting scheduled for tomorrow and I would not have to come to Pac-Med tomorrow night to receive our perly friends. > > I was making some plans for tomorrow night and wanted to send this email just in case there was any confusion. > > Ali > > -----Original Message----- > From: spug-list-bounces at pm.org [mailto:spug-list-bounces at pm.org] On Behalf Of Andrew Sweger > Sent: Friday, July 15, 2005 4:17 PM > To: Colin Meyer > Cc: spug-list at mail.pm.org > Subject: Re: SPUG: July Meeting? > > <shrug> Dunno. Is that next week? Wow. Time flies when you're drywalling. > > We have a not-regular meeting 1 August with Stas Bekman that needs to be > set up. > > Does anyone have a topic for next Tuesday? Hey, maybe there's someplace > not smokey and not noisy with food and drink where we could gather? Ideas > anyone? > > On Fri, 15 Jul 2005, Colin Meyer wrote: > > > Are we having a meeting next Tuesday? > > -- Andrew B. Sweger -- The great thing about multitasking is that several things can go wrong at once.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-12411922.post8533510916646384559..comments2015-05-22T01:19:21.824-06:00Comments on Kalyn's Kitchen®: Low-Glycemic Holiday Recipes for a South Beach Diet Friendly Thanksgiving 2007Kalyn Denny, you're welcome. Hope you will find some ...Jan, you're welcome. Hope you will find some dishes that will become favorites!Kalyn would just like to say Thank You for your site. ...I would just like to say Thank You for your site. I have been on the South Beach Diet Since Feb and all the recipes are getting old. So I was looking for something for Christmas dinner. Thanks again.<br />Jan.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-12411922.post-25259563300359048732008-10-27T11:04:00.000-06:002008-10-27T11:04:00.000-06:00Yes, I am planning to do more South Beach Diet fri...Yes, I am planning to do more South Beach Diet friendly recipes this year, starting sometime in early November.Kalyn look like delicious recipes. Are you adding ...These look like delicious recipes. Are you adding more for this year? I appreciate the low glycemic index recipes for people who have diabetes.<BR/><BR/>Elevated blood sugar increases the risk of gum disease, which then interacts with diabetes in ways that make both worse. More about this two-way relationship and how routine dental therapy can help reduce blood sugar levels is available on our blog.<BR/><BR/>Here's to a healthy holiday with your low glycemic index recipes!<BR/><BR/>- Dr. Charles Martin<BR/>Founder, Dentistry For DiabeticsAnonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-12411922.post-88379814078596220582007-11-05T10:59:00.000-07:002007-11-05T10:59:00.000-07:00yumm, yumm, yummy all around.er shall i say asquar...yumm, yumm, yummy all around.er shall i say asquared!Dhana, I don't even celebrate Thanksgiving, but that...Hey, I don't even celebrate Thanksgiving, but that's not going to stop me making those yummy green beans with pine nuts and Parmesan!Jeanne are the perfect hostess.You are the perfect hostess.Cynthia, I'm always trying to plan ahead more myself...Lydia, I'm always trying to plan ahead more myself, good luck!<BR/><BR/>Deborah, I absolutely don't think you should worry about it if you don't feel you need to! I'm just trying to provide options for people no matter how careful they want to be. <BR/><BR/>Peter, thanks. I do think a little turkey is essential, but I could make a meal of Thanksgiving veggies for sure.Kalyn veggie and side dishes...no room for the mea...Great veggie and side dishes...no room for the meat!Peter M much as I wish I could, I just cannot be too wo...As much as I wish I could, I just cannot be too worried about calories or glycemic index during the holidays. However, this looks really good and a nice light counterpoint to the heavy dishes that crowd the table at Thanksgiving.Deborah Dowd, I'm taking notes.... My holiday menu always ...Okay, I'm taking notes.... My holiday menu always comes together at the last minute, but maybe this year I'll be more organized! Posts like this really help start the process. Thanks.LydiaADD A CATEGORY
JAN 28, 2013 - Empire News
A Must Read - Share
No, it's not a bird or a planeSuper-duper news this morning: the new issue of Empire is out this week and it's adorned with the Man Of Steel on the cover. Yes, Superman is back in town and we have the full story in the brand spanking new issue of the magazine.{Man of Steel Empire Covers}There's a cover-line free version for subscribers, if you're into pictures of superheroes without words in the way, and the magazine is packed with information about Zack Snyder's film from the director and all his cast.ALso in this month's magazine, our Superhero Preview looks ahead to Iron Man 3, The
...
Editor's Picks
Show More
Show Less
Hey you have no friends!!! Get to work and start inviting friends to help build your Comunitee. Click Here to invite friends.
© 2011 Comunitee, Inc.The cover model can make or break the issue. You probably already know most women’s magazines feature actresses or singers on their covers, usually timed to coincide with a star’s new movie, album, or big project. But if you wonder why some stars pop up more often than others, it’s because certain stars simply sell more magazines. Jennifer Aniston (seen here on Marie Claire’s best-selling issue of 2011), Sarah Jessica Parker, Angelina Jolie, Mila Kunis, Heidi Klum, and Lady Gaga are proven performers. Other celebs don’t fare so well, such as Justin Bieber, Taylor Swift, and Fergie, who provided both Lucky and Allure with their worst-selling issues of 2011.
You are here
What Makes a Best-Selling Magazine Cover?
Celeb Cover
Lots of Numbers
Numbers suggest value, and the higher the number, the greater the value of the information in the magazine—in the reader’s mind, anyway. Editors tend to prefer random, uneven numbers (like 832) to round numbers (like 800). They also know that it doesn’t really matter if there are actually 832 looks—no one’s counting.
Clean Lines
Adult women’s magazines tend to feature cover subjects styled simply, with few accessories or busy details. The layouts (like this one, Elle’s 2011 best-seller) are clean, featuring a simple color palette.
Seventeen Magazine Cover
However, research shows that teens prefer lots of detail on covers, so teen mag covers are an explosion of fonts, colors, and formatting, with cover subjects wearing louder prints, jewelry, and accessories.
Big, Bouncy Hair
When styling the model or celebrity for the cover of a magazine (like Olivia Wilde’s cover issue of Women’s Health, the best-selling issue of 2011), producers want big, bouncy, blowsy hair. “Not only abundant hair, but the blowing hair is crucial for us,” said Allure Editor-in-Chief Linda Wells in 2008. “The worst thing we can do is a really tight, pulled-back style or a hat.” Olivia—along with her hair—had the second-highest selling issue of Allure in 2011.
Provocative Keywords and Sensational Headlines
Women’s magazine headlines use lots of keywords—“shocking,” “secrets,” “love,” “now,” “easy,” “best,” and most importantly, “sex,” which appears a whopping three times on Cosmo’s August 2011 issue, the best-selling issue of the year. The headlines are short, concise, and easily digestible, promising a better you by the time you finish reading. Exclamation points suggest urgency.
Eye-Grabbing Formatting
This cover’s layout is meant to draw your attention to a few very specific places: The circular inset draws your gaze to information that’s important—the theme of the magazine, not to mention three powerful keywords—while hot-pink colors highlight the best headlines. The biggest feature in the magazine is promoted in a giant font with two colors.Related Stories: Women’s Magazines: Who’s Evolving, Us or Them? A Man’s Take on Advice in Women’s Magazines My Night as a “Cosmo Girl”30th March 2011 Archive
Browse by publication date, or search the site.
Firefox fans get IE-happy AJAX testing tools
Microsoft is not the only browser maker
Labour MP debuts fondleslab-assisted Parliament oratory
Twitter Tsar upgraded to iPad Princess
Government 30 Mar 04:59
Nokia deal to 'rocket Windows Phone 7 past iPhone'
Dart thrower sees 50% smartphone sales surge
Bowers and Wilkins Zeppelin Air speakers
iPod dock with AirPlay for high flyers
Data centres gripped by power struggle
Waste not, want not,
Enterprise Tech 30 Mar 07:57
Dixons whacked by profit warning
Blames the miserable British consumer
The Channel 30 Mar 07:59
Twittering NASA 'naut's Moon snap honoured
Shorty Award for Doug Wheelock
Network failure closed hospitals to ambulance admissions
UCLH launches investigation after a network glitch
Data Networking 30 Mar 09:03
Air NZ safety vid provokes terror in the skies
'You're a giraffe!' wails prancing fitness guru
Watch amazed as we turn data into Visualisation
See your data, make better decisions
Data Visualisation 30 Mar 09:33
Government 30 Mar 10:17
Doing Better Business 30 Mar 11:30
BBC explains hour-long website outage
Aggregation and routes had a little lie-down, man
Data Networking 30 Mar 11:33...
Government 30 Mar 12:07
Corporate hospitality is OK, says new Bribery Act guidance
*pop*
The workload challenge
Integrating the mainframe into today's IT
FBI asks for help to crack mystery code in 12-year-old murder case
Cryptoanalysts ask those with mad code-breaking skillz to help decipher notes
Crysis 2
Shoots onto consoles
The gravitational pull of convergence
Data Networking 30 Mar 14:50
Stop sexing up IT and give Civil Servants Macs, says gov tech boss
ExNew gov CIO lashes Labour's tech wastage
Government 30 Mar 15:06
Cloud music lockers: who fricking cares?
Amazon launches solution looking for a problem
Gartner raises 2011 IT spending prognostications
Falling US dollar, fondleslabs save the day!
The Channel 30 Mar 15:26
Google gets biennial privacy audit after Buzz blunder
Mountain View Chocolate Factory in settlement with FTC
Government 30 Mar 15:35
Carrier-sold iPad 2 Sim locks snag unwary buyers
Caveat bites emptor
VMware corks hypervisor security hole
ESXi, ESX, and vCenter not affected
Virtualization 30 Mar 17:21
Microsoft cofounder Allen unloads on Gates
In money as in code: unforgiving
Vote compass unmasks Canadian political opinion
Testing, testing
Government 30 Mar 18:00?
Applications 30 Mar 19:29
Dell, HP badmouth Apple's iPad
'Just absurd' (much like Dell's math)
Google unleashes (another) Facebook knock-off
'Tell us what you like. Just like you tell Zuckerberg'PUBLIC RECORD
3109 McArthur Dr Fort Wayne, IN 46809 (Southwest Waynedale)
- Single-Family Home
- 3 Bedrooms
- 1 full Bathroom
- 816 sqft
- Lot size: 0.26 acres
- Built in 1930
- Edit Home Facts
Property Details for 3109 McArthur Dr
Description provided by Trulia
3109 McArthur Dr This is a Single-Family Home located at 3109 McArthur Drive, Fort Wayne IN. 3109 McArthur Dr has 3 beds, 1 bath, and approximately 816 square feet. The property was built in 1930. 3109 McArthur Dr is in the Southwest Waynedale neighborhood in Fort Wayne, IN. The average list price for Southwest Waynedale is $38,200.
Public Records for 3109 McArthur Dr
Official property, sales, and tax information from county (public) records:
- 3 Bedrooms
- Lot Size: 0.26 acres
- 1 Bathroom
- Built In 1930
- 816 sqft
- County: Allen
See businesses, schools, and crimes near this home
Nearby homes around 3109 McArthur Dr
- Home Estimates for 3109 McArthur Dr1. WORLD CUP OPENING CEREMONY CELEBRATES BRAZIL: The FIFA World Cup kicked off with an opening ceremony that featured a soccer ball that peeled open to reveal a stage where Jennifer Lopez, Pitbull, and Brazilian pop star Cláudia Leitte performed their anthem for the tournament. There were complaints about the quality of the sound production, though. The Independent: “The show staged at the Corinthians Arena, Sao Paulo, kicked off with a giant LED ball centrepiece flashing welcome messages in the languages of the 23 qualifying countries. Performers from dance schools and academies in the city then flooded into the stadium dressed as symbols of Brazil’s stunning natural landscape: raindrops, men towering on stilts dressed as rainforest trees, and colourful flowers.”
2. TONYS RELAX LIMITS ON CAMPAIGN SWAG: Broadway producers can craft more extensive voting campaigns for next year’s Tony awards after a committee eased restrictions on the swag they can give out to promote their shows. The New York Times: “Producers will decide the limits of campaign propriety for themselves, and any excessive gifts or promotions could risk another rules change next year. … Some nonprofit theater leaders supported the strict limits because many of them have less money to spend on Tony campaigning than commercial producers. But commercial producers have responded that the limits were foolish because the taste and ballots of Tony nominators and voters cannot be influenced by swag.”
3. KIEHL'S STAGES PRODUCT LAUNCH IN SPACE: Kiehl’s latest product launch was literally launched into space, sending a new men’s moisturizer into the stratosphere and capturing footage on a GoPro camera. Adweek: .”
* INDUSTRY NEWS *
Reed Travel Exhibitions's A.I.B.T.M. show announced major changes—including a new name—for its 2015 show in Chicago. The show will now be called I.B.T.M. America. Other changes include switching to a one-to-one ratio of buyers and suppliers, instituting a mutual match system for appointments between exhibitors and buyers, and providing exhibitors with a modular booth design ready on arrival.
* LOCAL NEWS *
BOSTON: Boston Celtics head coach Brad Stevens will lead a panel of professional coaches to benefit Positive Coaching Alliance today at Fenway Park’s State Street Pavilion.
CHICAGO: Southport & Irving will host a fund-raiser for Goldie’s Place on June 19.
LAS VEGAS: The Vape Summit will bring together nearly 200 vendors and exhibitors from the vaping/e-cigarette industry for a two-day trade show starting today at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Las Vegas.
Sin City Brewing Company’s largest bar and first Strip-front location at Harmon Avenue and Las Vegas Boulevard is now open.
LOS ANGELES: Rockin’ Models will present the Rock Fashion event to benefit Both Ends Burning at 41 Ocean on June 19. E! News’s Ken Baker will host.
Montage Hotels & Resorts has appointed Todd Orlich as general manager of Montage Beverly Hills.
Loteria Grill officially opened yesterday at the Original Farmers Market at Los Angeles International Airport’s Delta Terminal 5.
Local event listings from Masterplanner:
MIAMI/SOUTH FLORIDA: Sagamore, the Art Hotel on Miami Beach will host Beats N’ Bubbles, a happy hour event June 27 that will double as the launch of the new record label Spectacle Recordings. Activities will include live music and DJ sets, vintage board games, small plates, and drink specials.
NASHVILLE: Fox, Cumulus, and Dick Clark Productions announced the TV debut of the American Country Countdown Awards, an outgrowth of the country music radio show, which will air live December 15.
NEW YORK: The 60th Summer Fancy Food Show is June 29-July 1 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. Organizers expect 28,000 buyers and 2,688 exhibiting companies to attend.
The original SushiSamba, located on Park Avenue, is closing at the end of June. SushiSamba 7 in the West Village will remain open.
Local event listings from Masterplanner:
ORLANDO: The Orlando Business Journal has new details about Disney Springs, the shopping-dining-entertainment complex that will replace what was Downtown Disney:
TORONTO: The public relations agency NKPR has launched a talent division called NK Artists. The division represents fashion designers, photographers, makeup artists, and others.
WASHINGTON, D.C.: The American Constitution Society for Law and Policy will hold its 2014 National Convention June 19-21 at the Capital Hilton. The gathering of more than 1,000 progressive lawyers, judges, law students, policymakers, scholars, and activists will feature Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor, civil rights attorney Theodore M. Shaw, and U.S. Representatives Bobby Scott and Eleanor Holmes Norton.
Emerge Art Fair is hosting a summer party July 12 at Connersmith. 13, 2014: World Cup Opening Ceremony Celebrates Brazil, Tonys Relax Limits on Campaign Swag, Kiehl's Stages Product Launch in Space
By Beth Kormanik Posted June 13, 2014, 8:11 AM EDTWe're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
PeopleFinders.com provides current and significant information for Arturo Padilla. You can spot the right individual by perusing all our comprehensive folders of data. Get facts like Arturo Padilla’s age, date of birth, aliases, and much more.
If the right Arturo Padilla cannot be identified immediately, make sure to refine your search with info like phone number, prior address, and email address. A background or criminal check for Arturo Padilla on PeopleFinders.com will also return the right results. The list exhibited below has all the names of people with the last name Padilla. The vast selection of search data we present allows you to identify the correct person as well as data like current address, aliases, and so on.
The search bar on the left hand side is the best way to find the right Arturo Padilla. Facts such as Arturo’s age or name will allow you to filter your search and uncover the specific person instantly. The DataTsunami™ logic we offer will ensure safe and secure public search information. Commence the search for Arturo Padilla promptly!BTW, I know we have some emacs folks on the -dev list who may not be on the user one, so I figured I'd pass this really neat new development along. Apologies to those who subscribe to both for the dupe. ---------- Forwarded message ---------- From: Takafumi Arakaki <aka.tkf@gmail.com> Date: Sun, Jul 1, 2012 at 12:41 PM Subject: [IPython-User] [ANN] Emacs IPython Notebook 0.1.beta To: ipython-user@scipy.org Hi,- 
Valentine's Day theme pack now available in Scrapbook for the BlackBerry PlayBook
I sure hope we see a lot more from TAT in Playbook OS 2.0.
Yes! I'd love to see it applied to the native media app like they showed awhile back. It looked incredible.
I love this app. :)
Perfect timing. Thx
Nice, this is a fun application, love it. But, I don't necessarily want to share every scrapbook entry on Facebook. How about adding email and possibly a few other social networks.
you know what.. i actually seen that before on youtube.. long time ago when they introduced this app online.. some guy saved his work, came back and edit it from where he left off. for some reason they took that option out. hmmm.. is it because its free?
jay4rm619
rj a.k.a. jay
san diego, california
blackberry curve 8900 & blackberry playbook 16g
facebook.com/rjmarcelinoCINNCINNATI, OH--Teachers and students alike at Hughes High School were shocked this week to learn that Senior math teacher Jenny Mayfield was found to not be sexually involved with any student on campus.
"I just can't believe it," exclaimed Mr. John Barrett, who teaches French two doors down from Mayfield. "She seemed so normal. Finding out that she wasn't sleeping with any students was tough to believe. I mean, we're all banging someone here. Why else would you deal with these monsters all day for menial wages?"
Mrs. Kerry Smith, a member of the Cincinnati School Board, spoke to concerned parents yesterday through a letter sent to all residences within the district stating that "Ms. Mayfield's alleged actions are a shock to us all. We at the Cincinnati School Board of Education assure you that we find her behavior to be a discredit and disgrace to the pride of Hughes High School, the Cincinnati School District and indeed the entire American education system. We would also like to assure you that we continue to work hard to keep our teacher to student ratio low, providing maximum opportunity for your son or daughter to get some from some teacher, somewhere."
The harrowing tale of rejection is best told by Mayfield's non-victim James Truman, a senior at Hughes and student of Mayfield's, who made several passes at her to no avail. "I kept coming in after class and during lunch, you know, trying to hook up, but she kept pushing me away, saying she wasn't interested and she wasn't that kind of teacher." he said, visibly shaken while recalling the events.
According to Truman, his attempts weren't even limited to plain sex. She went so far as to turn him down for many other things, including a simple make-out session, oral sex, anal sex, and even a proposed tag-team with one of his friends. "She was an animal," said Truman. "It seemed like she could never turn me down enough. Eventually it began to stress me out, and I started talking to my friends about it. They couldn't believe some of the nasty things she and I weren't doing. I felt so un-pressured into nothing by her, I didn't know whether to tell my parents or not."
Eventually, he did tell his parents about several encounters with Mayfield, and their frustrating conclusions. Mr. and Mrs. Harold Truman immediately took action, demanding that the school and board of education take action against Mayfield.
Acting swiftly, Mayfield was promptly put on suspension by the school board until the charges could be further examined. She was fired however, when she admitted to the allegations against her within minutes of hearing their details. "No, I didn't have sex with James!" she said, "What's the problem? Why the hell am I being fired?"
The problem now fixed, students at Hughes High are once again going about their daily lives, sleeping with teachers and carrying on as teenagers do. "It's such a relief to have things back to normal," said Alexandra Byrnes. "When I heard about Ms. Mayfield, it was hard to trust any of my teachers like I did before. Things are starting to come back to normal, though. Oops," she said as she glanced at her watch. "I've got to go, I'm late for my tutorial session with Mr. Dwight."
Many parents do not share their children's renewed trust of the system, however. "This is a signal that we need to review and update the screening process for hiring within the school district," said one concerned parent. "We cannot allow another non-sex offender or potential non-sex offender like Jenny Mayfield slip through the cracks again."Electro-Voice Cobalt 4 Three Pack with CablesProduct #582461 Electro-Voice 582461 YNACB Live Microphone Packages
-
- Write a Review
- Seen a Lower Price? Click Here.
45 day price guarantee, 45 day return policy, 100% secure shopping
Unavailable
Item Note:
This product has been discontinued but may be available as a Open Box item.
Similar Items.
- (3) EV Cobalt 4 Microphones
An affordable way to get the mics and cables you need. Order today.The decorations loom over the aisles; the carols assault from above. Yes, it's Christmastime. Even if you don't buy into the whole Christmas thing, the winter holiday gift-giving extravaganza is harder to avoid than a student loan collector. The world screams, "Buy, buy, buy!" Whether you love Christmas or hate it, celebrate it or don't, here are some tips for surviving the holiday season with both your sanity and your bank account intact.
General rules
Don't buy for the sake of buying. You'll regret spending the money and the recipient will have something he or she won't care about. Gifts should have meaning. If you can't afford the perfect gift, it's okay. Don't feel obligated to go token. Tell people, "I really wanted to get you something, but the recession hit me hard. I do want you to know that you are super-special to me and I hope we can spend lots more time together in the new year." If they don't appreciate it, forget ’em. You don't need people who add pressure to your life. Speaking of, whatever you do, unless you are extremely comfortable around the people in question, do not celebrate the holidays with folks who go all-out for Christmas. No matter how well adjusted you are, when you have only a few gifts to exchange and everyone else has dozens, the awkwardness is palpable. But you can invite your poor friends over.
Choose what matters most
If your favorite part of Christmas is the meal, have a potluck and consider the enjoyment of each other's company the gift. If it's the gift opening, tell everyone, "We're having a Christmas spaghetti feed. Red sauce, green salad." Organize a secret Santa swap or other form of exchange that lets everyone have fun. If you're motivated to do good works, then ask everyone to bring a can of food or similarly small donation to go to the charity of choice. Just don't ask yourself or anyone else to do it all: food, gifts, charity. Prioritize one, be happy with that, and be happy you have friends and family who understand. Think they don't? Try them. More people than you think are in the same boat. And if we aren't honest about our finances, we just end up overspending and feeling worse.
Children
If you have children younger than 5, first rule is, don't sweat it. They're little kids. They don't need a ton of gifts and they don't need expensive ones. Do not think you're doing them a favor by spending the rent money just so they'll have more stuff to open Christmas morning. They also don't know the difference between gently used and new, so head over to the kid section at Booklegger and find two or three books you would enjoy reading out loud to them. Wrap them up separately, and voila! -- Christmas. Customize to your own indulgences. I loved reading to my kids, so books were the big thing, but maybe you're an artist. Go for crayons and a big sketchbook, an under-$10 combo. You can draw together, hang their work up for added enjoyment, and that's what you want: something that lasts. Buy a cute deck of cards and teach them to play Go Fish and Crazy 8s; then spend hours playing with them. Bake cookies together. Take them to the zillion free holiday events. Give them attention instead of things -- that's what they really need.
If you have older kids, plotting a course through the holiday pressure is more challenging. I have mixed feelings about being too blunt about being broke; you don't want kids to worry about adult issues. On the other hand, straightforward communication sets a good example. So offer them the truth -- "We don't have a lot of money this Christmas" -- but soften it by asking their input on how to make Christmas special despite the financial situation. Have them donate clothes to Betty Chinn's Blue Angels (KSLG 94.1 FM is collecting gently used clothing Friday, Dec. 10 at the Eureka Co-op). Provide other examples of how good they have it, what with the roof over their heads and food on the table and a parent that cares.
Find out if they would prefer money to stuff; if they've saved up some cash towards something or are expecting money from grandparents, you could add to it, help them save up for a big purchase. If the well-off grandparents ask what your kid wants, don't let a skewed sense of pride prevent you from providing specific ideas on what your kids need: raincoats, new boots, six months of dance lessons, etc. Be bold. It's fine. Likewise, if those grandparents have some totally inappropriate ideas, channel them into a better direction. Make sure your kids write thank you notes.
Family
But if your extended family makes you feel badly about the holidays, then don't spend the holidays with them. Be blunt. "Every year you make me feel lousy about being broke. This year, I'm staying home." Have siblings or in-laws who throw a lavish Christmas sure to spark feelings of inadequacy within you? Invite them to your house, post-Christmas, for a simple "holiday celebration" lunch. Or host a cookie-baking and decorating party at your house a few days before. You control the situation that way. Suggest drawing names for gift-giving, so you only have to buy a single gift instead of several.
Remember, you are valuable. You work hard, even if your income doesn't reflect it. Having money or not is irrelevant when it comes to your personal worth. Don't let the holidays bring you down -- and don't let cultural expectations entice you into screwing up your finances. Christmas and the like should be a celebration, not a catastrophe.
Showing 1-1 of 1We find ourselves coming back here often. The water view and outside dining option add to the delightful atmosphere. Food is very good and service is excellent as well.. Spouter Inn is perfect for lunch while browsing Beaufort's many shops, but there is often a wait for a table in summer tourist... read more
The University of Montana Western men’s basketball team played Carroll College on Saturday, Jan. 11, 2014 and came away with a big second half and win in Frontier Conference play. The Bulldogs were able to get this win with key contributions from the bench.
Jake Owsley and Gabe Rucker were under the weather and unable to play their usual minutes, they combined for just 11:20 of court time. That left head coach Steve Keller to look to his bench to contribute and perform well. The UMW bench responded big. Kurtis Parsons and Shyke Smalls had big games for the Bulldogs. Those two plus Connor Woodill and Vince Turk stepped up big and showed that they were up to the challenge.
The Saints and Bulldogs were in a back and forth game most of the first and second half through 30 minutes of play. With just over ten minutes remaining the Bulldogs found themselves behind and looked to Parsons for a spark. He responded with UMW’s next 12 points to catapult them into the lead. Parsons’ four straight three pointers got his team into the lead and showed what a threat he can be when he catches his rhythm. Shyke Smalls showed his quickness and was able to drive to the rim and either score or dish to a teammate who was able to knock down the shot. The Bulldogs shot just under 50 percent with Smalls and Parsons combining to go nine of 11 shooting from the field and Parsons was four of five from behind the arc. Connor Woodill added 17 points on six of seven shooting from the field, three for four from three-point range, and made both of his free throws. Montana Western shot 25-28 from the free throw line making 89.3 percent.
The Bulldogs are now 10-6 overall and are 3-2 in Conference play. UMW travel to Salt Lake City, Utah next weekend to take on Frontier Conference leader Westminster who sits atop the conference with only one conference loss. Montana Western is currently tied with five other teams who find themselves one game back.Polish Mobile Network, Play Expected to Receive B+ Debt Rating
Published on: 20th Jan 2014
Note -- this news article is more than a year old.
Fitch Ratings says that it expects to assign a long term debt rating (IDR) of 'B ' with a Positive Outlook to the Polish mobile network, P4 (Play).
The expected IDR assumes the successful completion of P4's refinancing/recapitalisation activity, including the issuance of the expected senior secured and unsecured notes, repayment of existing bank debt (approximately PLN2.5bn) and the payment of a shareholder dividend of PLN1.3bn.
Fitch said that P4 has proven a nimble and fast-growing challenger in the Polish mobile market, establishing itself as a strong brand, with an easily understood service message and competitive distribution network. Revenues and cash flows demonstrate strong growth, with the company exhibiting improving margins, albeit below market and positive (pre-distribution) free cash flow.
The rating is constrained by some uncertainty over future financial policy, the pace of growth, market position among competitors, and the currency mismatch of the proposed debt structure.
The Positive Outlook reflects Fitch's opinion that delivery of management's planned 2014 budget would result in robust financial metrics for a 'B+' rating. The evolution of the capital structure following the transaction (i.e. how closely the shareholders choose to manage leverage to covenant), continued rational development of the market and evidence that roaming agreements are largely insulated from material price inflation or renegotiation risk, could support a higher rating.
Fitch views competition in the Polish mobile market as developed and well dimensioned with no single operator owning a disproportionate share of the market, while as the market challenger, Play has taken a measured approach to market share gains, product position and pricing. The agency considers that a population of 38 million people in a reasonably advanced economy can support a four player market and that the market structure is less likely to experience the kind of value-destructive price wars seen in some markets. The somewhat underdeveloped fixed telephony infrastructure and limited pervasion of traditional triple-play services, suggest an aggressive move to convergent fixed-mobile bundles is currently a limited medium-term risk.
Efficient Infrastructure Strategy
Play has developed an efficient approach to network coverage concentrating its own network infrastructure in more populous and urban areas, relying to a limited extent on roaming agreements, which currently exist with each of the other three main network operators. Data traffic is almost entirely carried on the company's own network, while spectrum and planned LTE (next generation data technology) investment appear adequately provisioned relative to the competition. This hybrid asset-light approach allows for a lower level of capital intensity, in turn supporting an improving cash flow. While roaming agreements are entirely commercially negotiated, Fitch does not perceive a high degree of renegotiation risk given the current existence of multiple agreements.
Effective Commercial Approach
Play appears to have developed a consistent and well-communicated brand, seeking to be the mobile number porting destination of choice and has acquired customers on a relatively evenly balanced basis across the market (ie. without targeting any one particular competitor). Management appear conscious of the need not to be seen as a disruptive challenger, which could provoke a destructive price war. Distribution channels (ie. the number of retail shops/distributors) among competitors appear evenly matched, which is important, given the absence of an independent distribution chain (ie. a Carphone Warehouse equivalent). Although virtual mobile network operators have been present in the market for a number of years, they have not proven overly disruptive.
Mature Competitive Market
As the smallest in a four player market in an emerging economy, Play has proven a nimble competitor and has grown quickly and consistently. The pace of growth will continue to require careful management while the presence of two large incumbent- owned multinational competitors - Orange (BBB+/Negative) and T-Mobile (Deutsche Telecom; BBB+/Stable) - provides financially strong and experienced competitors with the capacity to intensify the operating environment if they choose.
Financial Policy Evolving
Financial policies that allow leverage to remain somewhat high (incurrence tests of 4.25x net leverage; 3.0x net secured leverage and a restricted payment test limited at 3.75x net debt to EBITDA) and the currency mismatch of a predominantly euro-denominated debt structure and 100% domestic revenue base, are constraining factors for the rating.
Tags: fitch ratings p4 Poland- Title: fsdjgh
- Artist: MZK490-1
- Description: I was kind of angry at the time. I can't really remember what it was that was bugging me so much. But I do remember wanting to paint something glowy.
So I made this as a compromise.
I've drawn better glow-trails in my life, and the strings could probably be bent, but I moreorless sacrificed the realism factor for an exaggerated feeling of anger/impact.
But look! Glowy! =D
- Date: 10/03/2008
- Tags: link otter anthro raver glowsticks
- Report Post
- Yuro_23 - 01/25/2009
- Sweet!
- Report As Spam
- KajitoraTaotsu - 01/12/2009
- those pants are awsome! i want a pair!*runs off to nearest fabric store* incredible work, you deserve to be recognized on gaia.
- Report As Spam
- gatemansgc - 11/25/2008
- i could see the anger in the "random strike of the keyboard" title beforei even saw the pic, lol. :domo: stargate
- Report As Spam
- keba - 10/06/2008
- Freaking awsome!
- Report As Spam
- MZK490-1 - 10/03/2008
- @DeathGreen:
I use Adobe Photoshop CS2 for the majority of my digital work. =)
And thanks! =D
- Report As Spam
- my heart666 - 10/03/2008
- the shadow likes 5/5. you are the awsome in gaia art arena! hold your head high and strut your stuff.^_^
- Report As SpamSubject: Re: [OMPI devel] RML Send
From: Ralph Castain (rhc_at_[hidden])
Date: 2008-06-17 17:54:53
On 6/17/08 3:35 PM, "Leonardo Fialho" <lfialho_at_[hidden]> wrote:
> Hi Ralph,
>
> 1) Yes, I'm using ORTE_RML_TAG_DAEMON with a new "command" that I
> defined in "odls_types.h".
> 2) I'm packing and unpacking variables like OPAL_INT, OPAL_SIZE, ...
> 3) I'm not blocking the "process_commands" function with long code.
> 4) To know the daemon's vpid and jobid I used the same jobid from the
> app (in this solution, I can be changed) and the vpid is ordered
> sequentially (0 for mpirun and 1 to N for the orted's).
The jobid of the daemons is different from the jobid of the apps. So at the
moment, you are actually sending the message to another app!
You can find the jobid of the daemons by extracting it as
ORTE_PROC_MY_DAEMON->jobid. Please note, though, that the app has no
knowledge of the contact info for that daemon, so this message will have to
route through the local daemon. Happens transparently, but just wanted to be
clear as to how this is working.
>
> The problems is: I need to send a buffered data, and I don't know the
> type of this data. I'm trying to use OPAL_NULL and OPAL_DATA_VALUE to
> send it but I got no success.... :(
If I recall correctly, you were trying to archive messages that flowed
through the PML - correct? I would suggest just treating them as bytes and
packing them as an opal_byte_object_t, something like this:
opal_byte_object_t bo;
bo.size = sizeof(my-data);
bo.data = *my_data;
opal_dss.pack(*buffer, &bo, 1, OPAL_BYTE_OBJECT);
Then on the other end:
opal_byte_object_t *bo;
int32_t n;
opal_dss.unpack(*buffer, &bo, &n, OPAL_BYTE_OBJECT);
You can then transfer the data into whatever storage you like. All this does
is pass the #bytes and the bytes as a collected unit - you could, of course,
simply pass the #bytes and bytes with independent packs if you wanted:
int32_t num_bytes;
uint8_t *my_data;
opal_dss.pack(*buffer, &num_bytes, 1, OPAL_INT32);
opal_dss.pack(*buffer, my-data, num_bytes, OPAL_BYTE);
...
opal_dss.unpack(*buffer, &num_bytes, &n, OPAL_INT32);
my_data = (uint8_t*)malloc(num_bytes);
opal_dss.unpack(*buffer, &my_data, &num_bytes, OPAL_BYTE);
Up to you.
Hope that helps
Ralph
>
> Thanks in advance,
> Leonardo Fialho
>
>
> Ralph H Castain escribió:
>> I'm not sure exactly how you are trying to do this, but the usual procedure
>> would be:
>>
>> 1. call opal_dss.pack(*buffer, *data, #data, data_type) for each thing you
>> want to put in the buffer. So you might call this to pack a string:
>>
>> opal_dss.pack(*buffer, &string, 1, OPAL_STRING);
>>
>> 2. once you have everything packed into the buffer, you send the buffer with
>>
>> orte_rml.send_buffer(*dest, *buffer, dest_tag, 0);
>>
>> What you will need is a tag that the daemon is listening on that won't
>> interfere with its normal operations - i.e., what you send won't get held
>> forever waiting to get serviced, and your servicing won't block us from
>> responding to a ctrl-c. You can probably use ORTE_RML_TAG_DAEMON, but you
>> need to ensure you don't block anything.
>>
>> BTW: how is the app figuring out the name of the remote daemon? The proc
>> will have access to the daemon's vpid (assuming it knows the nodename where
>> the daemon is running) in the ESS, but not the jobid - I assume you are
>> using some method to compute the daemon jobid from the apps?
>>
>>
>> On 6/17/08 12:08 PM, "Leonardo Fialho" <lfialho_at_[hidden]> wrote:
>>
>>
>>> Hi All,
>>>
>>> I´m using RML to send log messages from a PML to a ORTE daemon (located
>>> in another node). I got success sending the message header, but now I
>>> need to send the message data (buffer). How can I do it? The problem is
>>> what data type I need to use for packing/unpacking? I tried
>>> OPAL_DATA_VALUE but don´t get success...
>>>
>>> Thanks,
>>>
>>
>>
>>
>> _______________________________________________
>> devel mailing list
>> devel_at_[hidden]
>>
>>
>Snuggly Chunky Snowflake is one of Sirdars percent Milky.Angry Birds Star Wars download free
Angry Birds Star Wars download free!
Publisher: Rovio Mobile Release Date: Nov 08, 2012
Like this post?Subscribe to this blog or Add to Favorites
This article was first published in DOWNLOAD FREE,the reproduction must indicate the source Angry Birds Star Wars download freeBook your room at Hyatt Place Greensboro
Hotel.
- Computer station
- Free RV, bus, truck parking
- 24-hour fitness facilities
- Conference center
- 24-hour business center
- Conference space size (feet) - 357
- Outdoor seasonal pool
- Conference space size (meters) - 32
- Number of meeting rooms - 3
- lobby
- Free WiFi
- Smoke-free property
Family Friendly Amenities
-.Choose any of the SCSS videos above to watch, by clicking the associated image or headline.
These results are drawn from the library of videos produced here at Market News Video, that have been tagged by an
editor with the scss symbol. The date of each video is listed underneath the headline. Beneath the
listing of scss videos is a current stock quote for scss and performance chart. At the bottom
of the page, you will find related articles mentioning scss. From all of us here at Market News Video, we
hope you will enjoy these scss videos and articles.
Related MNV Articles:
XHB, SCSS, BBBY, WSM: Large Outflows Detected at ETF
Friday, July 19, 10:52 AM ET, by Market News Video Staff
Symbols mentioned in this story: XHB, SCSS, BBBY, WSM Exchange traded funds (ETFs) trade just ...
Top Buys by Directors: Harrison's $227.3K Bet on SCSS
Monday, July 29, 3:15 PM ET, by Market News Video Staff
The directors of a company tend to have a unique inside view into the business, ...
Select Comfort Corp. Breaks Above 200-Day Moving Average - Bullish for SCSS
Wednesday, August 14, 11:37 AM ET, by Market News Video Staff
In trading on Wednesday, shares of Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) crossed above their 200 day ...
First Week of SCSS October 19th Options Trading
Wednesday, August 21, 12:03 PM ET, by Market News Video Staff
Investors in Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) saw new options become available this week, for the ...See
The Center for Fine Art Photography invites photographers working in all mediums, styles, and schools of thought to participate in its exhibitions and activities. Both traditional and experimental fine art photography are incorporated into its programs.
The Center strongly encourages those working in the avant garde to participate. While applying a rigorous standard of aesthetic excellence in selecting any work, the importance of technical achievements may be overlooked in pursuit of creative and experimental works that include new processes, mixed techniques, challenging personal, emotional or political statements.
Theme Interpretation
The Center encourages individual artistic interpretation of its themes. We feel this will make for more diverse and therefore more interesting exhibitions.
The Center for Fine Art Photography
is accepting entries for the next two exhibitions:
The Essence of Self Portraiture
Deadline May 10, 2005
Eligibility
The exhibition is open to professional and amateur photographers, internationally, working in black and white or color, using traditional or digital methods or elements of both processes.
Awards
Important Dates
Juror
Tim Anderson is Pulblisher of CameraArts Magazine, prior reviewer at Review Santa Fe and is an avid photographer.
Submitting Entries for Jurying
Entries may be submitted on and will be juried from 35 mm slides or digital images on CD only.
by
[a former member]
at
2005-04-25 19:06:52 UTC
(ed.
Jun 24 2006
)
New York
,
United States
|
BookmarkReport spam→Full name Niraj Kanubhai Patel
Born March 26, 1981, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
Current age 34 years 57 days
Major teams Air India, Gujarat, India Blue, Rajasthan Royals
Batting style Left-hand bat
Niraj Patel played Under-16 and Under-19 cricket for Gujarat from 1995 to 1997 before graduating to the state side. He scored 62 on Ranji debut and was included in India's U-19 squad for the World Cup in 1999. Out of the seven matches he featured in, Patel got to bat in only four and averaged 66.5 with the bat. The 2004-05 season was important in reviving his career. Niraj topped the run-charts in the league phases of both the Ranji Trophy and the Ranji ODIs, where he averaged 103 in four games. In 2005 he was also picked in the India A side against the visiting Pakistanis. Then in 2008, Niraj got to play with the likes of Shane Warne and Shane Watson when he was signed on by the Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League. He scored a nerveless 29-ball 40 to clinch a last-ball win against Mumbai in Rajasthan's penultimate leagueSacramento Republic FC to Host One-Year Anniversary Celebration and Player Signing on Dec.3
Sacramento Republic FC will host the signing of its first player, midfielder Rodrigo Lopez on December 3, 2013 at Hot Italian at 1:00 p.m. Lopez is one of two players that will sign with the club this week. His career includes stints with Portland Timbers (MLS), Chivas USA (MLS), Orlando City (USL PRO) and Ventura County Fusion (PDL).
The event celebrates the one-year anniversary of the club’s formation. Fans, supporters and the public are encouraged to attend.
Sacramento Republic FC, formerly Sacramento Professional Soccer, was launched on December 3, 2012 at a press conference that included USL PRO president Tim Holt, Mayor Kevin Johnson, local leaders and fans. Tuesday’s event returns to the original site of the launch event, Hot Italian in midtown Sacramento.
Sacramento Republic FC will also be debuting the first in a series of scarves at the event. The scarf and other select merchandise items will be available for sale at the event.
Event Details
What: Sacramento Republic FC Player Signing and One-Year Anniversary Celebration
When: Tuesday, December 3, 2013, 1:00 p.m.
Where: Hot Italian Pizza & Panini Bar, 1627 16th Street, Sacramento
Who: Warren Smith, President
Graham Smith, Technical Director
Predrag “Preki” Radosavljevic, Head Coach
Rodrigo Lopez, MidfielderPublished: Jan 2007
Source: STP1490-EB<! --STP/vol_2007/iss_1490/34_1.pdf-->
At Paks NPP, Hungary, a major project was launched to investigate the possibility of lifetime extension up to about 60 years. As a part of this project, detailed calculational and experimental investigation of the pressure vessel neutron radiation load having been performed. A computational procedure was developed earlier for evaluating the fast flux in the pressure vessel. The neutron source is taken from core calculation performed by the code and it is given in the core boundaries. The neutron transport from the source to and through the pressure vessel is investigated by . This procedure has now been tested against a new set of activation foil measurements. Good agreement was found between the measured and calculated reaction rates for fast reactions. In the case of thermal reactions, the agreement was weaker. The effect of error in nuclear data on fast reaction was studied.
Keywords:
reactor dosimetry, pressure vessel calculations, activation measurements
Author Information:
Hordosy, Gabor
Research scientist, KFKI Atomic Energy Research Institute,
Hegyi, Gyorgy
Research scientist, KFKI Atomic Energy Research Institute,
Kereszturi, Andras
Research scientist, KFKI Atomic Energy Research Institute,
Maraczy, Csaba
Research scientist, KFKI Atomic Energy Research Institute,
Vertes, Peter
Senior research scientist, KFKI Atomic Energy Reserch Institute,
Zsolnay, Eva M.
Associate professor, Budapest University of Technology and Economics, Institute of Nuclear Techniques, Budapest,
Committee/Subcommittee: E10.08
DOI: 10.1520/STP45424S
ASTM International is a member of CrossRef.HELP is on offer for firms in the arts and culture sector to create roles for young unemployed people.
The Creative Employment Programme is a £15million fund to support the creation of traineeships, formal apprenticeship and paid internship opportunities in England for people aged 16-24.
Employers need to make an application for funding to access a part wage grant, and the next deadlines are February 14 and March 21.!
2 comments:
Zaroo screwed you out of the byline. He does credit you at the bottom of the article though.
LOL, it's okay. I'm just thrilled to get the opportunity to write for Mlive--and Phil was directly responsible for that. Besides, there'll be plenty more bylines coming. ;)
Peace
TyYou know, Lane Kiffin always looked like the completely reasonable one in that whole Raiders debacle a few months ago, but he’s already ruffling feathers all around the SEC. When he was first hired, Steve Spurrier was on his case for allegedly having improper contact with a recruit.
Now, Kiffin’s on the other end of the allegations, claiming that Urban Meyer broke the rules by calling a recruit while the kid was on an official visit to Tennessee. The University of Florida responded quickly to the allegations and accused Kiffin of slandering its coach while calling on him to apologize. What did Kiffin say exactly to get such a strong reaction?
USA TODAY says that Kiffin has backed off his comments from earlier today, when he taunted UF with this doozy after the Vols beat them out for receiver Nu’Keese Richardson:
“Just so you know when a recruit is on another campus you can’t call him,” Kiffin told the audience. “But I love the fact that Urban had to cheat and still didn’t get him.”
Kiffin has now released this infamous “statement,” which is obviously
very heartfelt and sincere written by an assistant in the athletic department:
.”
Because, you know, flat-out calling someone a cheater is never meant to offend anyone.
Not only did Meyer not commit a violation by calling the recruit, it now turns out that Kiffin was the one doing the violatin’. SEC commish Mike Slive says:
.”
Well done, Lane. It’s only February and you’ve already got Spurrier, Meyer, and the commissioner of your conference angry.A new event at the Wichita River Festival this year mixes creativity with ingenuity. Sunday’s Cardboard Regatta contest will allow teams to assemble their own vessels to float down the Arkansas River. It’s an activity that tips its hat to tradition while bringing fresh fun to the occasion.
“It’s part of our throwback day, which means anyone with a button from any year can get in free on Sunday,” said Ann Keefer, the festival’s vice president of program development. “We did this event specifically because of that. People want the festival to feel like it used to. This event will have that feel of what people fondly remember.”
The contest is an evolution of sorts of the bathtub races, which were discontinued in 2008 because of declining participation and the prohibitive costs involved with making the boats.
Keefer noted that constructing water vessels out of cardboard is more economical and will likely attract more interest from the public. While it won’t satisfy everyone who misses the bathtub races, she thinks the event will bring the right blend of nostalgia and new energy.
It also fits well into the festival’s mission to fully engage people with the Arkansas River. If it goes well, organizers may look at canoe races in the future to satisfy the interests of more industrious boaters.
The rules are relatively simple. Up to 12 teams will be able to participate, and teams can have any number of people. There is no minimum age requirement, but everyone involved must sign a liability waiver, and anyone racing must be able to fit into the lifejacket that the festival will provide.
Those wishing to compete may begin signing up at noon Sunday under the Douglas Avenue Bridge at the Arkansas River. There is no entry fee.
The boat-making will commence at 1 p.m., when teams will be given a stack of large cardboard boxes, duct tape, box cutters and two jumbo-sized pool noodles. They’ll have two hours to construct their vessel. The vessels may be creatively designed, with teams allowed to bring paint, markers or other decorations to make them stand out.
The goal, of course, is to get the boat to float. One person from each team will be chosen to race on the river in a timed contest that begins at 3 p.m. underneath the Douglas Avenue Bridge. All canoes, kayaks and paddleboats in the river at that time will come to a standstill to allow for maximum safety of the participants.
There will be staggered start times for the races, with three boats launching at a time, for a total of four waves. The vessel that stays afloat the longest will win a trophy that Keefer claims will be coveted by all who participate. Other prizes will be given, such as an award for creativity.
“Since this is the first year we’ve done this, we are trying to make it as simple and safe as we possibly can,” Keefer said. “Strategically, teams should think about who is the lightest member they have. You want to be able to float as long as possible.”
Keefer said the event is a great team-building exercise for businesses, schools, youth groups, nonprofits, families and friends. It’s a way for groups of people to work together on a common goal, build comradery and have fun in the process.
“It’s all about fun,” she said. “It’s all for the glory … and trophy.”Hello, everyone! I have recently bought the LG Optimus One P500, & am very impressed with it. Was thinking of upgrading the system to Gingerbread & on seeing many users having done so, I wanted to ask some questions on the upgrade : 1. The shopkeeper recommended me not to upgrade the system, as the phone & it’s hardware is more suitable for 2.2, & upgrading will bring performance issues. On the other hand, I had heard somewhere that it also brings speed improvements over Froyo. So, what is actually true on the speed/performance front? 2. I remember that manually updating Nokia firmware was said to be very risky, since fault (electricity going, USB disconnecting, etc.) during the updating process could destroy the OS of the phone, resulting in permanent phone failure. Is it true while manually upgrading Android too? 3. HTC Wildfire S allows us to use the PC’s Internet Connection on the phone via USB (opposite of tether) Is it a native feature of Gingerbread, or is that a special feature of the phone? 4. Are the improvements in 2.3 significant enough? 5. Will all the data (contacts, installed apps) remain safe? 6. Is it possible to downgrade back to Froyo after upgrading? Thanks in advance, Regards, ViralRiverView Foundation’s 11th Annual Golf Classic Proceeds to go to Pump, Analyzer Projects 05/18/2015
Successful 8th Annual 5k Run/Walk held May 16th 05/18/2015
‘Stroke – What a Survivor Would Tell You’ topic of May 28th RiverView Health Luncheon 05/15/2015
Full Week of Activities Planned for National Hospital, Nursing Home Week 05/07/2015
Memory Loss, Dementia Support Group starting at RiverView 05/07/2015
Eighth Annual Women's Fest set for May 12th 05/04/2015
Gladys Bakken is the RiverView Health Employee of the Month for April 04/23/2015
'Position yourself for Better Health' topic of April 30th Health Luncheon 04/22/2015
Crookston Eagles, RiverView Foundation Team up to Battle Cancer 05/01/2014
January 2012 Newsletter: Defined Strategies Drive Growth 01/30/2012Laws Are Not Enough
Stop telling us what the NSA can’t do to us legally. Show us real barriers to abuse.
Photo composite by Slate. Photos by Jason Reed/Reuters,The Guardian via Getty Images
In the two months since Edward Snowden began to expose the National Security Agency’s surveillance programs, we’ve heard two different stories about them. Snowden and his collaborator, Glenn Greenwald of the Guardian, have claimed that the programs allow NSA analysts and contractors to spy indiscriminately on Americans. U.S. government officials have told us that the programs don’t allow this. Who’s telling the truth?
The answer, for the most part, is both. The two sides are using different definitions of allow. Snowden and Greenwald are telling us what’s technologically possible. The government is telling us what’s legally permitted. Our job is to put the two stories together. We must pressure the government to translate its legal restrictions into technological barriers, so that what’s impermissible becomes impossible.
Yesterday, the Obama administration told its side of the story to the Senate Judiciary Committee. At a hearing on the NSA’s phone metadata program. Deputy Attorney General James Cole testified that “the government can only search the data if it has reasonable, articulable suspicion that the phone number being researched is associated with certain terrorist organizations.” Cole said analysts “can only access” the data once this requirement “has been met and documented.” Until then, he asserted, the data “cannot be accessed … You cannot enter that database and make a query and access any of those data.”
That’s a lot of cannot and can only. But on closer inspection, it’s just rules. When Cole testified that “you can’t get into” the database “without that gate being checked through,” Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, forced him to concede that the “gate”—presenting reasonable suspicion—doesn’t even involve a warrant. It’s just “internal procedures.”
Meanwhile, in the Guardian, Greenwald was telling his side of the story. He reported that a previously undisclosed NSA tool, known as XKeyscore, “allows analysts to monitor a virtually unlimited array” of Internet activity and to search “vast databases containing emails, online chats and the browsing histories of millions of individuals.” To prove it, the Guardian published slides from an NSA training document—apparently, screenshots of the search forms in which an analyst would input an email address, Facebook user name, or other surveillance target.
But the Guardian, like the government, isn’t telling the whole story. The Guardian says its report vindicates Snowden’s claim that "I, sitting at my desk," could "wiretap anyone, from you or your accountant, to a federal judge or even the president.” That’s not quite what Snowden said. His precise claim was that “I, sitting at my desk, certainly had the authorities” (emphasis added) to wiretap anyone. That’s a legal assertion unsubstantiated by the screenshots. The Guardian also reports that XKeyscore “allows analysts to search with no prior authorization” through NSA databases. The word prior hints that the agency does have procedures to monitor and punish abuse. More on that below.
In yesterday’s exchange, the government and the Guardian were talking about two different programs: one for domestic phone metadata, the other for foreign Internet content. But the overarching story lines—Snowden’s disclosures about what the NSA can do, and the government’s disclosures about what the NSA may do—are useful for checking and clarifying one another. Greenwald points out that Rep. Mike Rogers, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, has scoffed that Snowden “was lying” when he claimed the ability to “read everybody’s emails.” Rogers said Snowden had misrepresented what “the technology of the programs would allow one to do. It's impossible for him to do what he was saying he could do.” The screenshots leave Rogers with a lot to explain.
The government, in turn, has released documents indicating that the NSA is more constrained than Snowden originally implied. Yesterday it declassified the most explicit such document: an order issued in April by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court. That’s to Snowden’s credit: Without his leaks, the government wouldn’t have shown us anything. We’ve learned a lot from the dialectic of unauthorized and authorized disclosures. Why stop now? Let’s find out how, and to what extent, the rules against indiscriminate spying are enforced. Here are some basic questions.
1. Storage. The court order for phone records says “NSA shall store and process the BR metadata in repositories within secure networks under NSA’s control. The BR metadata shall carry unique markings such that software and other controls (including user authentication services) can restrict access to it to authorized personnel.” That’s a rule with teeth. What about Internet data? According to the Guardian, “NSA has attempted to segregate exclusively domestic US communications in separate databases” so they’re not read along with foreign communications.” That shows good faith, but the results are limited. As the Guardian explains,
.”
2. Access. Several government officials, including FBI Director Robert Mueller and Sen. Dianne Feinstein, the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, claim that “only 22 people have access” to the phone records database. The court order specifies them: the chief of the Homeland Security Analysis Center, the deputy chief, and 20 “specially-authorized Homeland Mission Coordinators” at the Signals Intelligence Directorate. The order says all queries of the database “shall be approved by” one of these 22 people. But how is that rule enforced? If you’re not on the list, can you search first and explain yourself later? Do you have physical if not legal access? The order directs NSA to “ensure” compliance through “technical and management controls,” but it doesn’t specify what technical controls, if any, block unapproved access. It also says the data can be searched by “manual analyst query.” Who oversees that?
What about Internet data? The NSA claims that "access to XKeyscore … is limited to only those personnel who require access for their assigned tasks.” But according to the Guardian, Snowden “says he was authorized to use [XKeyscore] while working as a Booz Allen contractor.” Is that true? How many people have legal access to these tools? How many have physical access?
3. Justification. Government officials constantly tell us that the phone database can’t be searched without articulated justification. But how and when is the justification inspected? According to the Guardian, to search Internet data using XKeyscore, all you have to do is complete “a simple on-screen form giving only a broad justification for the search.” One training slide depicts a skeletal email search form in which two one-line blanks, marked “Justification” and “Additional Justification,” provide enough space for roughly 100 characters worth of reasons. That’s less than a tweet. “The request is not reviewed by a court or any NSA personnel before it is processed,” Greenwald reports. Is that true?
4. Audits. Cole says the “gate” that limits searches of phone records is “controlled by compliance audits” of the “documentation of the analyst's justification.” It’s not really a gate. It’s surveillance of the surveillers. The first part of the surveillance—documentation of each query—is built into the system. “Whenever the [phone] metadata is accessed,” says the court order, “an auditable record of the activity shall be generated.” NSA “shall monitor the implementation and use of the software and other controls (including user authentication services) and the logging of auditable information.” That’s great. But the second part of the surveillance—auditing the logs—is human and sketchy. Only once every three months does the court order require NSA’s general counsel to “review a sample of the justifications” for executed searches.
The auditing of Internet spying doesn’t look much better. The NSA boasts that in XKeyscore, “Every search by an NSA analyst is fully auditable, to ensure that they are proper and within the law.” But the paltry space provided for “justification” in the user interface suggests there isn’t much to audit, beyond the fact that a particular analyst applied a particular search term. And the auditors don’t exactly inspire fear. "It's very rare to be questioned on our searches," Snowden told the Guardian, "and even when we are, it's usually along the lines of: 'let's bulk up the justification'."
Is there more to the story? Does the NSA apply other barriers to abuse? The agency hints that it does. Responding to the report on XKeyscore, the NSA assures us that “there are multiple technical, manual and supervisory checks and balances within the system to prevent deliberate misuse.” That’s nice, but hints won’t do. None of the topics we’re asking about—storage, access, justification, audits—poses any threat to national security. Tell us exactly how you’re protecting us. We’ll be the ones who decide what’s enough.
William Saletan's latest short takes on the news, via Twitter:Peterborough
Following the reasonable doubts expressed over the perils of global warming ("Greenhouse wars", 19 July, p 38), I made a brief investigation of the statistics of Russian roulette.
Surprisingly, this much-decried practice is perfectly safe in more than 83 per cent of cases. Is it not alarmist, therefore, to suggest that it is inherently dangerous and should be stopped?
Seriously, if one man says the house is on fire and one man denies it, a wise person would act on the assumption that the house is indeed on fire. Even if the proportions are reversed, it would be silly to assume that the house is safe until solid proof is provided.
A look at Mars and the other utterly uninhabitable planets of the Solar System suggests that our biosphere is rather rare. It may be sheer luck that it has lasted long enough for our species to happen ...
To continue reading this article, subscribe to receive access to all of newscientist.com, including 20 years of archive content.While Instagram was busy waging war with Twitter last week, removing support for Twitter cards just before Twitter launched its own Instagram competitor on Monday, Pinterest was making moves of its own, adding support for Twitter cards just as Instagram removed it. Plenty of media partners and services have support for Twitter cards, but Pinterest’s addition will only make that service more useful for its numerous fans.
Enabling Twitter cards allows one more tab open in their browsers to see photos.
Pinterest is a social network that allows users to post or “pin” images from across the web onto virtual pin boards, like and comment on other pins, and create private boards for sharing and curating information.
 12:35:11 -0800
New York Yankees RP Andrew Miller and RP Dellin Betances will enter spring training with neither in the closing role, but manager Joe Girardi wants a closer decided by the end of spring training. "I think guys like to know their roles, so I think if we can iron it out, I think it would be a good thing to do," said Girardi.
Sun, 10 Aug 2014 08:21:48 -0700
New York Yankees 1B Mark Teixeira (finger) may play Sunday, Aug. 10, if he gets through batting practice without issue, according to manager Joe Girardi.
Fantasy Tip: Check back after batting practice is complete. If Teixeira is back in the lineup, get him back into your daily league lineups.
Thu, 24 Jul 2014 08:07:06 -0700
New York Yankees 1B Mark Teixeira (lat) will know whether he's going on the disabled list Friday, July 25, according to manager Joe Girardi.
Fantasy Tip: Plan ahead. We're betting he lands on the disabled list given how slowly he has healed in recent years.."
Mon, 19 May 2014 00:44:03 -0700
New York Yankees OF Carlos Beltran (elbow) is expected to get a second opinion on his injured right elbow Tuesday, May 20, from noted orthopedist Dr. James Andrews. Beltran is on the disabled list with a bone spur. He received a second cortisone injection in the elbow Saturday, said manager Joe Girardi.
Fri,..rethal Review
Rating
Watch Case
Bought this for a gift for my husband, he loved it!
- How did the image on site compare with the actual product? True to color.
- How accurate was the sizing? True.
- Please tell us about the quality of the product. Very Good Quality
Was This Review Helpful? great in any era. I have not put McLain’s 1968 numbers through stat converter, but I strongly suspect that if you transport him to another team that won 103 games and outscored its opponents by 180 runs, and if you allow him to start 40 games and pitch more than 300 innings, there would be a good chance that he would win 30, or close to it.
It’s a bold prediction, and I’m happy to test it out. In search of the right team for McLain, I went back more than 100 years, deep into the Deadball Era.
Era he might have thrived in: We’ll trade McLain’s 103-59 Detroit Tigers for an even stronger club. The 1904 New York Giants went 106-47, scored 270 more runs than their opponents, and boasted not one, but two 30-game winners, Joe McGinnity and Christy Matthewson. The two combined for 90 starts and nearly 800 innings pitched, and if McLain subbed for Matthewson, he’d get his 30 wins.
Why: There hasn’t been a 30-game winner since 1968, partly because the perfect storm of circumstances Brendan outlined hasn’t occurred much since then. Since 1980, just two pitchers have made at least 40 starts, Charlie Hough in 1987 and Jim Clancy in 1982, and both played on losing teams. And no pitcher has broken 300 innings in a season since 1980 when Steve Carlton did it on 38 starts for the 91-71 Phillies.
If McLain pitched today, he’d be lucky to win 25 games. Even on the best current clubs, McLain would receive a maximum of 35 starts a season, pitch maybe six or seven innings per outing, and have at least a few wins ruined by relievers. Like Joe DiMaggio’s 56-game hitting streak or Barry Bonds’ 73-homer season, 30 wins in one year seems improbable today. It’s worth noting, too, that the live ball era has witnessed just three other 30-game winners: Jim Bagby Sr. in 1920, Lefty Grove in 1931, and Dizzy Dean in 1934. There’s a reason for that.
To win 30 games in another era, McLain would need an ironclad team from baseball’s distant past where he and another pitcher would, for all intents and purposes, be the starting rotation. There may be a few teams like this from the Deadball Era, but I’m partial to the 1904 Giants. The stat converter on Baseball-Reference.com has McLain’s ’68 season translating to 19-14 with a 2.35 ERA for New York, though I think that’s inaccurate. I’m guessing the converter is giving McLain what’s left over after McGinnity and Matthewson, as the numbers roughly parallel New York’s real third starter that year, Dummy Taylor.
Removing McGinnity or Matthewson would be key here, and there’s a temptation to keep Matthewson and make this about him pitching with McLain. But I think this team needs McGinnity, the 33-year-old ace whose 35 wins, 1.61 ERA, and 170 ERA+ were all league bests in 1904. Matthewson went 33-12 with a 2.03 ERA and ERA+ of 133, and McLain posted a better ERA+ in 1968, more shutouts, a better winning percentage, and a comparable number of innings. I wouldn’t sub out Matthewson in 1905 when he went 31-9 with a 1.28 ERA and 230 ERA+ and was the Giants in the World Series, but in 1904, McLain would have been the better young arm.
A legendary manager like John McGraw might have helped McLain, too. Matthewson turned 24 in 1904, the same age as McLain in 1968 and pitched another decade on his way to Cooperstown. McLain had one more good season after 1968 and then began an epic decline in baseball and life. He threw his last pitch at 28 in 1972, had drug problems, and was later imprisoned. There would still be risks for McLain in the Deadball Era. He had ties to gamblers while in the majors and perhaps could have been corrupted in baseball’s early days, when players regularly rigged games. And McGraw couldn’t save everyone, like his pitcher Bugs Raymond who drank himself out of the big leagues at 29 and died the following year.
Whatever the case may be, though, at least in 1904, McLain would surely have been something special.
4 thoughts on “Any player/Any era: Denny McLain”
A big thank you to Graham for following up on my suggestion for Any Player/Any Era! While my prediction was bold, it was also (and Graham is way too polite to have said so) dead wrong. Why not take the 19-14 stat converter prediction at face value? That’s a good year, but nowhere near the 30 wins that I had expected. I’m now curious how Dummy Taylor’s 1904 season would convert to the ’68 Tigers.
As for 1968, I am more than willing to accept McLain’s 31 wins as one of the cornerstones of the Year of the Pitcher, along with Bob Gibson’s 1.12 ERA, the great years by Tiant and Marichal, the soon-to-be-lowered mounds, and (in my view the clincher) Yastrzemski’s .301 batting title.
Again, thanks.
Thanks Brendan, though I wouldn’t take the BBref stat converter as gospel in all situations. I’m not convinced it effectively converts Deadball Era stats to the modern game and vice versa.
I am surprised you didn’t compare mclain’s 68 season to bob welch’s in 1990 for oakland. I bet denny could have 30 games on that team!
I think it’s more likely Welch would have won 30 games on the ’68 Tigers. In 1990, he went 27-6 in just 35 starts and 238 innings. If he’d had McLain’s 41 starts or 336 innings, there’s no telling how many more games he would have won.SUPED UP: Cutesy pun aside (super bowls! get it?!), the current sale at Fishs Eddy on bowls is the perfect time to stock up on ultra-durable basics like those from the white dinerware collection. (Read: They’ll survive being thrown at your flatscreen during a certain televised sporting event.) Prices are slashed up to 60%, with individual pieces like this 5” (at right) starting as low as $5.
Published at 2:00 PM EDT on Jan 27, 2010Barbara Hershey Movies and Career Information
Aquarius
Feb 05, 1948
Hollywood
Actor
Feb 05, 1948
Hollywood
Actor
Barbara Hershey, once known as Barbara Seagull,." Hershey won an Emmy and a Golden Globe for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Miniseries/TV Film for her role in A Killing in a Small Town. She has also received Golden Globe nominations for Best Supporting Actress for her role as Mary Magdalene in Martin Scorsese's The Last Temptation of Christ and for her role in Jane Campion's Portrait of a Lady. and A World Apart.
- Barbara Hershey Movies before 2014
- Insidious: Chapter 2 2013
- Answers to Nothing 2011
- Insidious 2011
- Love Comes Lately 2008
- Riding the Bullet 2004
- 11:14 2003
- Outer Space 2002
- Lantana 2001
- World Apart 2001
- With Six You Get Eggroll 2001
- Diamonds 2000
- Breakfast of Champions 1999
- Frogs for Snakes 1999
- Soldier's Daughter Never Cries 1998
- Portrait of a Lady 1996
- Pallbearer 1996
- Last of the Dogmen 1995
- Dangerous Woman 1993
- Swing Kids 1993
- Falling Down 1993
- Hoosiers 1989
- Shy People 1987
- Hannah and Her Sisters 1986
- Entity 1982
- Stunt Man 1980
- Last Summer (Posledno lyato) 1974
- Public Eye (1972) 1972
- Boxcar Bertha
- Anne of Green Gables: A New Beginning
- Albert Schweitzer (2009)
- Pursuit of Happiness (1971)
- Black Swan (1942)
- Tin Men
- Beaches
- Americana
- Last Hard MenChoose Download Location
OfficeIntercom 5.10
You have chosen to download OfficeIntercom 5.10. Check the file details to make sure this is the correct program and version, and that your operating system is supported.
Download Details
- Operating Systems 98 / 2k / XP / 2003 / Vista
- File Name oisetup.exe
- MD5 Hash 762e99fc3856ae9541e71393fb117ce5
- File Size 322.16 KB
In order to make the download process as fast for you as possible, this file exists on several Tucows Downloads servers around the world. Please choose the location closest to you from which to download the file.The Hell You Say
09/25/1998 AT 12:00 AM EDT
What's in a name? A helluva lot of money. Take, for instance, Hell.com. The Internet domain name is up for sale at auction and carrying a hefty price tag: $8 million. And that's only the starting bid. Eric Harrington, CEO of HitDomains.com, told Reuters that he expects the price of Hell to (ahem) rise. "You can build a whole business around this name," he said. Having the right domain name is already a proven success. Witness the recent sales of Business.com for $7.5 million, Loans.com for $3 million and Autos.com for $2.2 million. (To register a Web name costs as little as $35.) Harrington thinks he really has something with his netherwordly name. In fact, he can already imagine the marketing slogan to go with it: Go to Hell.com.
The Latest
advertisementAthletics
- ← Back to Athletics
Sports Medicine
St. Pius X Golden Lions
Student Trainers
Abbey Castro / Senior
This makes the fourth year that Abby has been a sports medicine trainer. She attended the UGA Sports Medicine camp her sophomore year. Abby is also a baseball manager in the spring. She is currently looking at colleges in the southeast with the possibility of studying something in the medical field.
Alyssa Guigou / Senior
Senior year marks the first year that Alyssa is a sports medicine trainer for football. During her junior year she was a trainer for SPX girls cross country. Alyssa would like to attend a college somewhere in Georgia with studies in physical therapy.
Grayson Holt / Film Crew / Senior
This is Grayson’s fourth year being involved in the football team’s film crew. He is interested in free lance photography and film making. He would like to attend college either at NYU or Columbia College. He is looking forward to helping the team this season.
Aneek James / Senior
This is the first year for Aneek to be apart of the sports medicine training team. He is active with the SPX Tech Crew and the Green club. Aneek can be heard narrating quite a few of the 2011-2012 season pre-game/pump-up videos. He also assits with filming for SPX Webcasts. Aneek intends to major in engineering and minor in communications while attending college.
Frank Martin / Senior
This will be Frank’s fourth year helping film the St. Pius Football team. His interests include cinematography and photography, and he is looking forward to the upcoming season.
Martin Powell / Senior
This will be Martin’s fourth year as the St. Pius X Sports Reporter. Since he would eventually like a career as a journalist, his experience at St. Pius X will be invaluable. He would like to attend the University of Georgia, but is interested in other colleges, as well. In his free time, he enjoys playing golf and rooting for the Dawgs!
Will Gillett / Junior
Will Gillett is a junior who is a part of the film crew for the second year. This past year he has taken pictures for many of Pius’ sports teams. In addition to taking pictures, Will participates on the St. Pius water polo team and is an altar server. During this past spring, he served as a baseball park photographer and was the First Communion photographer at his parish, St. Jude. He is very excited for the upcoming football season and looks forward to improving his photography skill
Emily Jovert / Junior
Emily has participated on the sports medicine team for 3 years. She plans on attending UGA studying primary education.
Connor O’Toole / Junior
This is the first year for Connor as a member of the sports medicine team. Connor is an extremely active and compettive swimmer. He has been swimming since the age of 4, and is currently ranked 14th in southeast swimming. He would eventually like to go to Pepperdine University.
Jennifer Richter / Junior
Jennifer attended the Georgia Tech sports medidine camp last summer. This year will make her 3rd year as an athletic trainer for both football and basketball. She is both an equestrian and a youth leader in her church. Jennifer hopes to study veterinary medicine in college. She is really looking forward to this upcoming season!
Erin Sheppard / Junior
This is Erin’s second year in the Sports Medicine program. She is an avid photographer and looks forward to a great season as part of the team. In addition to having played on the JV basketball team, Erin is a talented equestrian.
Stephen Jacon / Sophmore
Known as "Recon" on and off the feild, Stephen plans on going to the UGA Sports Medicine camp. At the moment he has no idea what is ahead in life so he's going with the flow. Recon likes music, not playing it, only listening to it.
Darby Reddaway /Sophmore
Darby plans on going to the University of Georgia and is undecided as to what she will do while a student there. She also plays lacrosse and is thinking about playing some basketball.
Rachel Remmes /Sophmore
Rachel enjoys playing lacrosse, soccer and running. She would like to go to Alabama or Ole Miss and study to be either a lawyer or a teacher.
Daniel Walton / Sophmore
Daniel is new to SPX Sports Medicine, however is is very active in boy scouts. He is an Eagle Scout with Troop 15 at Holly Cross Catholic Church. Daniel is undecided about colleges at this time.
Vickie Arenz / Freshman
Vicky is a member of the Sports Medicine team because she is interested in sports Medicine and has future college plans to pursue a career in medicine.
Katherine Klinger / Freshman
Katherine is excited to be a part of the sports medicine team this year and help at varsity football games. She is also very passionate about theater and will be active with the Pius Players.
Kenzie Newton / Freshman
Kenzie is an active athelete with experience in softball, basketball, tennis and running cross country. She aspires to play on the SPX tennis team and work as a sports trainer in the fall.
Caroline Holt /The men's cross country team claimed their second straight crown at the Kachina Classic.
Sept. 15, 2012
Men's Results
Women's Results
Las Cruces, N.M.- The men’s cross country team claimed their second straight crown with 29 points at the Kachina Classic at Las Cruces, N.M. on Saturday.
“Anthony (Rotich) and Risper (Kimaiyo) had a very impressive performance today,” said head coach Paul Ereng. “Juan (Blanco) and Ramon (Garcia) stepped up today to hand the men their second victory against New Mexico State.”
Freshman Anthony Rotich finished first clocking in a time of 24:15 in the men’s 8K race. Freshman Elphas Maiyo was the second collegiate runner to cross the finish line with a time of 25:13.
El Paso native Juan Blanco finished fifth posting a time of 25:42 in the 8K race. Senior Elkana Rotich was the fourth Miner to cross the finish line at 25:57. Wrapping up the men’s team was Ramon Garcia registering a personal-best of 26:28.
All-American Risper Kimaiyo took first in the women’s 5K race with a time of 17:18. Senior Karina Garcia recorded a time of 18:33 finishing fifth overall. Jackline Ekai was the third Miner to cross the finish line with a time of 19:18.
Gladys Chepsat and Laura Delgado clocked in times of 19:23 and 19:44, respectively.
UTEP will take a week off before returning to action on Sept. 29 at the Cowboy Jamboree in Stillwater, Okla.Smile makeover
102 of 244
Was this photo helpful? {{ voteCount + ' other' + (voteCountOthers == 1 ? '' : 's') }} found this helpful
heavily filled teeth treated with veneer smile makeover
By uploading this photo, Raj Kumar, BDS, LDSRCS has agreed with RealSelf.com policy that they've secured proper patient consent.She crystallizes in the windowpane first,
A celestial dust-fallen one-off,
Telekinetic kin of Jimi Hendrix
She spurts — a lacewing smock
And a ceremonial hobble skirt mushroom crumbly.
Time lapses, shapelessly.
Now she’s in the holly fern
With solo tooth, the one auspicious eye,
Stocktaking flora noun by noun.
This is the rote-retention game she concocted
On her ninety-fourth poppy day.
She disappears.
The angle poise reddens winter mosses.
The velocity of time begins again:
A widowed cat,
An anonymous young couple
With a dreamy Vauxhall pick-up
And the sweep of dust
Down naked stairs.
Return to top
Would you like to compliment the author?
Offer a comment or suggestion?
Please drop us a line and we’ll be glad to forward it.Product Description
Authored by Neil Monteith, this is an entirely new guidebook to this premier Australian climbing area located in western Victoria. The book covers 53 crags including 25 crags which have not been previously published. Details over 900 routes (500+ sport and 400+ trad or mixed gear).
Features action photos by Simon Carter and Neil Monteith and numerous cliff photo topos to make route finding a breeze. In total over 400 photographs. There are also 23 access maps.
A5 in size, 240 pages, full-colour.
Note: Since publication of the guidebook author Neil Monteith has compiled this document detailing updates, corrections and several new routes.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.FLINT, Michigan — Fair warning, Flint residents: Next fall you could be raking and bagging your own yard waste.
As the city grapples with a combined $25 million deficit, Flint’s leaf pickup program could be a casualty of the budget-cutting ax.
City Administrator Gregory Eason said the city is eyeing a replacement program that would require city residents to bag their leaves for pick-up instead of leaving leaves in piles in the street at the curb for street maintenance employees to pick up.
The city is one of the only municipalities in the area to operate its own compost pick-up program. Most local communities contract with a private company and require leaves be bagged.
“We have to get away from the way we’re doing things,” said Arnold Brown, a sanitation department superintendent.
The alternative program would save the city about $420,000, mostly in equipment and personnel costs, said Brown, who presented the plan to the Flint City Council on Wednesday.
Brown said the city’s current program costs the city $368,000 in equipment rental and $140,000 in wages, overtime and benefits.
His plan would cost about $54,000 in equipment and $30,600 in personnel costs, he said.
Eason said residents might not be happy with the idea of bagging their own leaves, but the city has to make tough decisions about what it can afford.
“We’ve got to give up some of our old bad habits and do some things differently,” he said. “We need to save every penny.”
But city Councilman Scott Kincaid said the city tried the same plan years ago and residents didn’t bag their leaves — leaving the waste to clog storm drains and flooded streets in the spring.
“It was a disaster,” he said.
Kincaid said the city should examine how much it would cost to contract with a private company for the service before any decisions are made.
If the city does move forward with the proposed program, Council President Jackie Poplar said she’d like the city to give bags to residents or provide them at a low cost.
Councilman Sheldon Neeley said the savings could be used to put more police officers on the streets.
“I think they (residents) would rather have safer streets,” he said. “This is the type of creative thinking we need.”Grant J. Kidney [1]
Aug 10, 2012
Barack Obama’s presidential campaign has just released an application for the iPhone as well as for the Android, and Google platforms that essentially serves as a spy hub with ties linking directly back to the White House.
Dubbed, ‘The Obama for America’ app, the program allows folks to find nearby democratic voters so that they may hound them with requests for both money and effort toward the re-election of Barack Obama.
The app allows access to the names and addresses of private voters. It uses mapping technology to display where each are located as well as other statistics.
Adam Fetcher, an Obama campaign spokesperson notated that the app’s prime function is to help supporters “get involved at the grassroots level.” the truth however is that the app represents but one more push toward the ultimate goal of establishing an Orwellian super-state where one’s every move is both tracked and recorded in real time.
1984 and mobile applications
In 2010, the Department of Homeland Security created a similar application to that of the Obama for America app which prompted mobile phone users to spy on their friends, coworkers, and neighbors. [2] Folks could snap photographs of so called ‘suspicious activity’ and send data directly to the DHS for analysis. The app was inappropriately labeled ‘PatriotApp’.In A Stunning Display Of Hypocrisy, Sen. Ted Cruz Targets District Of Columbia's LGBT Protections
Sen. Ted Cruz frequently rails against federal overreach and is a staunch defender of the right of states to ban same-sex marriage.
However, Cruz now wants Congress to dictate how Washington, D.C., regulates LGBT and reproductive rights.
Cruz has introduced what are known as disapproval resolutions seeking to undo two laws passed by the D.C. Council last year. One of the laws would prevent employers from taking action against employees who use birth control or seek an abortion, while the other would remove a religious exemption to the district's LGBT protections.
As hypocritical as they may be, Cruz's resolutions aren't going anywhere. In order to pass, they'd need approval from both chambers of Congress as well as President Barack Obama's signature. Rather, they appear to be more political posturing from Cruz as he prepares for a likely 2016 presidential campaign.
The Washington Post reports:
Although rarely successful at stopping D.C. laws, the resolutions are often more effective politically, giving members of Congress legislative records to build bona fides with constituent groups that feel strongly about the District’s often liberal stances on social issues. ...
Freshman Sen. James Lankford (R-Okla.), who co-introduced the measures, issued a statement Wednesday saying “what the D.C. Council has done is a major threat to the fundamental right to religious freedom for D.C. residents and organizations, and a brazen display of intolerance.”
Cruz declined to comment on the resolutions, but Lankford told WaPo the resolutions are in line with the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling last year in the Hobby Lobby case. In seeking to undo the laws, Cruz and Lankford have the support of anti-LGBT hate groups including the National Organization for Marriage and the Family Research Council.
Kimberly Perry, head of D.C. Vote, told WaPo the resolutions go against the very principles Cruz and Lankford normally champion, such as states' rights and local control:
“Senators Cruz and Lankford’s move to disapprove a local District law is absurd and hypocritical,” Perry said. “They are now guilty of the same federal overreach they often criticize in others.”
Perry called on “every other member of Congress to step up and see this for exactly what it is — un-American and un-democratic.”
Coincidentally, Cruz appeared on Late Night With Seth Meyers this week and explained his opposition to same-sex marriage:
"Listen, I'm a constitutionalist," Cruz said. "For over 200 years, marriage has been a question for the states. Now, personally I believe in traditional marriage between one man and one woman, but if you want to change the marriage laws, the way to do it constitutionally is to convince your fellow citizens, go to the state legislature and change it. It shouldn't be the federal government or unelected judges imposing their own definition of marriage."
Watch the clip, AFTER THE JUMP ...
Continue reading "In A Stunning Display Of Hypocrisy, Sen. Ted Cruz Targets District Of Columbia's LGBT Protections " »
Recent CommentsSportHill Nomad Hoodie
Manufacturer's Description
Visit SportHill's Men's Nomad Hoodie page.
Retailers' Descriptions
Here's what other sites are saying:
The performance-driven SportHill Nomad full-zip hoodie goes on easy and provides lightweight warmth during intense activities. Polyester/spandex blend fabric offers moisture-wicking performance and stretch. 4-way stretch maximizes comfort and freedom of motion. Flatlock seams maximize motion and minimize abrasion. Reflective logos increase visibility. Closeout.
- REI refers to the men's version
SportHill Nomad Hoodie
MSRP:
$80.00 (men's)
$80.00 (men's)
The SportHill Nomad Hoodie is not available from the stores we monitor. It was last seen September 20, 2012 at REI.
If you're looking for a new long sleeve performance top, check out the best reviewed current models.Book your room at Days Inn Athens OH
Double Room, 2 Double BedsMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Double Room, 2 Double Beds, SmokingMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Standard Room, 1 King BedMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Double RoomMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Double Room, AccessibleMax Occupancy: 2 guests (up to 1 child)
Hotel. Other amenities include free breakfast._8<<
).Home Culture DC Residents Bring Snow to a Gun Fight! Actually, it was a snowball fight--and a cop decided to pull his hammer out... By: Authors Posted: Dec. 21 2009 8:30 AM 0 Totally reasonable response. Or something. Here's more footage of a cop in a snorkel threatening to clap on somebody if another snowball gets thrown. "It's so snowy in the streets/ how in da heck do we sposed to keep peace..." Get what we're watching delivered to your inbox everyday! Sign up for our daily video newsletter below. Powered by Livefyre 0BUSINESS: Labs Luzerne Optical Releases First Premium Glass Free-Form Lenses in the U.S. By Andrew Karp Monday, November 18, 2013 12:00 AM WILKES-BARRE, Pa.—Luzerne Optical Laboratories, based here, is releasing CrownView, the first premium glass progressive and single vision free-form lenses available in the U.S. CrownView progressives feature a soft design with smooth power changes for easy adaptation and increased patient comfort, according to Luzerne. The lenses offer the lowest minimum fitting height in glass progressive lenses and can accommodate smaller frames to decrease weight. Larger diameter progressive lens blanks provide greater cut-out availability. CrownView is available in the largest selection of glass materials and colors for progressive lenses in the marketplace. Luzerne Optical also offers CrownView in an aspheric/atoric, single vision design. CrownView is available in the largest selection of glass materials and colors for progressive lenses in the marketplace, including: clear/white (1.523 Crown, 1.70 and 1.60); photochromic (Photogray Extra, Photobrown Extra, Photogray Thin & Dark, Autumn Gold); fixed tints (G-15, Grey 3, Grey 1 & 2, Green 2 & 3, Rose 1 & 2, and Canary Yellow); polarized (Autumn Gold, Grey C & Brown C); occupational (Ace Amethyst Contrast Enhancement filter glass for sodium flare protection). These lenses are also available with Luzerne Optical’s in-house AR and mirror treatments: Zeiss Super ET & Zeiss Gold ET, Zeiss Cool Blue, Cool Silver & Cool Gold Mirrors, in uncut or edged and mounted. Luzerne Optical offers a Lab to Lab program. For more information, contact Luzerne Optical at vision@luzerneoptical.com. ■Will 2016 donors hold their breath — and wallets — for Romney?
Mitt Romney is leaving the door open — ever so slightly — to the possibility that he could run for president for a third time in 2016. That, coupled with some in the party urging the former Massachusetts governor to give it another go, could affect other candidates’ ability to woo donors, who could theoretically sit on the sidelines, waiting for the 2012 presidential nominee to jump take the plunge.
Robert O’Brien, a former senior adviser to Romney’s presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2012, said major contributors from around the country have told him Romney is still their first choice in 2016 – despite his repeated statements that it’s time for a new party standard bearer.
“I believe that many contributors will hold out as long as possible hoping that Mitt will reconsider and get into the race,” O’Brien told msnbc.
Judi Rhines, a co-founder of the New Hampshire-based Rath Group and bundler for Romney’s campaign in 2012, said she’d love to see the former governor run again, and would be thrilled to support him. Rhines added that she’s taking a wait-and-see-approach and she’s “not in a rush to get behind anyone else at this point.”
If potential donors do hold out, it would likely have the greatest impact on moderate Republicans who would be primed to assume the Mitt-like establishment role. That means former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and New Jersey Gov. Christie, said GOP strategist Ford O’Connell. He said it could become a bigger problem for other candidates if donors continue to keep their wallets shut in early 2015. Every would-be 2016-er is eager to raise as much cash as soon as they can, and the longer donors wait on the sidelines, the more it hurts everyone.
Several major GOP donors declined to comment for this story. O’Connell speculates that donors may be staying mum because there’s so much dissatisfaction with the GOP field as it stands, pointing to Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker re-election struggle, Christie’s so-called “Bridgegate” scandal, and Sen. Marco Rubio coming under fire from the far right for endorsing a bipartisan proposal on immigration reform that the many in the party felt was far too lenient.
“They are sick and tired of losing presidential election and they’ll do anything they can to find that one candidate to win … they haven’t figured out who that one person is,” he said.
Other Romney bundlers, like Andrew Wheeler, said that while he’d welcome Romney’s entry into the race in 2016, it’s simply too early for him to get involved. “I’m not holding out for anyone,” he added.
Romney has repeatedly said he won’t make another bid for the Oval Office, but seemed to leave a little wiggle room earlier this week, telling conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt “circumstances can change.”
Hewitt replied, “I just want to confirm you’re telling me that we’ve got a chance there.” Romney joked it was “one of a million” but that he would run if he believed he would be the candidate “best positioned to beat Hillary Clinton.”
Adding fuel to the 2016 buzz has been his former running mate Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, who told CBS News “I should wish he would” run again. Romney’s friend, Utah Republican Rep Jason Chaffetz, has also stirred the pot, saying earlier this summer he believes Romney will run again and will win.
Another Romney bundler, Brian Ballard, who sat on Romney’s national finance committee in 2012, says the former governor could be the GOP nominee in a “heartbeat.” But donors are on hold until after the midterms. Prominent GOP fundraiser and powerbroker Fred Malek agreed, saying, “No donors are focused on aligning with candidates for 2016. We’re focused on 2014.”
Romney, of course, was soundly rejected by voters in his own party during his first bid for the nomination in 2008. He dropped out barely a month after losing the Iowa caucuses that year to former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.
During his second bid, in 2012, Romney just barely escaped an almost implausibly weak Republican field. And by the time he’d made it to the general election, Romney seemed intent on reinforcing the party’s image of representing the wealthy, white electorate at the expense of everyone else. President Obama ended up crushing Romney among Hispanic voters 71% to 27%, African-Americans 93% to 6% and women 55% to 44%.
Some, like conservative strategist Keith Appell, who has previously consulted for the Republican National Committee, said candidates only get so many chances.
“It’s a really difficult proposition [for Romney], thinking that the American people are going to realize ‘we were so wrong. You were right the entire time.’ That’s just not going to happen,” Appell recently told msnbc. “People are looking for someone new. The case he made wasn’t good enough.”What is the most a lawyer can charge in a Social Security case? We have talked about the typical fee agreement when you are applying for Social Security disability benefits before. But I am often asked what is maximum someone … 
Tag Archives | Fee Petition
Maximum attorney fees in Social Security disability cases
What is a fee petition?
A “fee petition” is a way your lawyer asks Social Security for fees for his services. I though attorneys were paid a percentage of what I get? Percentage-based contingency fee agreements are the most common way attorneys get paid in … Continue reading →
Colorado Social Security Disability Help
>Towne East Square
7700 East Kellogg
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone: (316) 681-1171
Lower level next to Sears
7700 East Kellogg
Wichita, KS 67207
Phone: (316) 681-1171
Lower level next to Sears
- PPK Spirit AeroSystems
- Superior Vision
Accepted Forms of Payment
Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, Cash, and Checks.
This location accepts CareCredit, click here to learn more. table, drop()" and FACTOR variables (texdoc)
Hello all,
I run a few specifications then try to drop a factor variable (~300 dummies) but --estimates table-- throws an error. Am I doing something wrong? If there is an issue with factor variables, is there a known workaround?
estimates table a1 a2 a3 a4 a5, drop(i.hsacode)
coefficient i.hsacode does not occur in any of the models
r(198);
. estimates table a1 a2 a3 a4 a5, drop(hsacode)
coefficient hsacode does not occur in any of the models
r(198);
. estimates table a1 a2 a3 a4 a5, drop(_hsacode)
coefficient _hsacode does not occur in any of the models
r(198);
BTW, I am using these --estimates table-- within a --texdoc stlog-- block.
--Tanuku
*
* For searches and help try:
*
*
*Rebecca Ferguson seen attending Rylan Clark's Halloween/Birthday Party held at the Mahiki nightclub in London.
(October 24, 2012 - Source: PacificCoastNews.com) see more angles »
(October 24, 2012 - Source: PacificCoastNews.com) see more angles »
Rebecca Ferguson Quilted Leather Bag
Rebecca Ferguson complemented her edgy outfit with an elegant quilted black bag by Chanel when she attended Rylan Clark's Halloween party.
Brand: Chanel
Brand: Chanel
Rebecca Ferguson Wedge Boots
Rebecca Ferguson teamed two-tone wedge boots with skinny jeans for an edgy-chic finish.
Browse: Rebecca Ferguson | Quilted Leather Bag | Wedge Boots
Show Rebecca Ferguson Looks With:
Popular Lookbooks see all looks »Make Up For Ever Smoky Extravagant Mascara for Fall 2013
Loved MUFE’s Smoky Mascara? Well a new formula is on the way! Make Up For Ever Smoky Extravagant Mascara for Fall 2013 promises volume, curl, length, and washes your dishes too!
God I love multitasking mascaras don’t you?
Make Up For Ever Smoky Extravagant Mascara ($24) is a new dramatic mascara formula with ultra black pigments for dramatic lashes. The formula offers lengthens, curls, and volumizes lashes with a pro quality cone shaped brush for an instant dramatic lash look! The precision tip grabs and separates lashes with accentuating them with extravagant volume. The revolutionary brush utilizes Tynex Fiber on all 580 bristles on the brush, which leaves the lashes combed, lifted and elongated with exceptional separation. Rather than a straight brush, Smoky Extravagant has a unique conic shape which allows every lash to be coated from root to tip. The conic shape is designed with a fine brush tip to reach even the smallest of lashes effortlessly and a full base to deliver high impact length and curl at first stroke. Inside the bottle, the wiper is designed to dispense enough product while remaining clump free.
Creator and Artistic Director, Dany Sanz, searched to find the absolute darkest pigments to create the most dramatic, blackest formula around for this mascara. Intensely black Natural Mineral Pigments made of Micronized Iron Oxide coat the eyelash with an ultra high concentration of dark pigment. These tiny micro-particles are better able to fully coat each lash with more opaque color, and have better absorption of light for a strong intense black. The use of Natural Mineral Pigments makes it safe for sensitive eyes or contact wearers.
A base of Wax Complex and Abyssinian Oil allows Smoky Extravagant to easily glide on and remain smudge-proof during wear, but also easily wash off when removal is desired. The Duo of Polymers adheres and coats every single lash and provides maximum length. A unique Bio-Extender strengthens hair fiber and helps to extend the end of the lash. Panthenol Pro-vitamin B5 restructures eyelashes by covering, nourishing and protecting them from environmental effects.
Make Up For Ever Smoky Extravagant Mascara is available at Make Up For Ever Boutiques as well as Sephora.com
Do you use the original Smoky Mascara?
Love it?
Excited about Extravagant?
Do share!
I got this in a mini size at Sephora last week. It really is excellent. However, it doesn’t curl or help your lashes hold a curl. I also don’t like the brush as I prefer the plastic bristled kind like Cover Girl uses. Ultimately though, the brush wasn’t an issue and did it’s job. It gives good length and volume and it really is very black.
I was able to try this from the Makeup Show. It’s not nearly as good as smoky lash. I love that there’s no clumping or flaking but beyond that it did nothing for my lashes.
The brush looks a lot like Lorac’s Pro mascara.
Also looks like Prestige’s Total Intensity Mascara. Which I think was out before either of those.
hey this is exciting! I loved the Smoky lash mascara I just found that my tube dried up in a month for some reason! Glad they changed the formula. :]
I got a sample from Sephora and I am in love. I love the brush and the formula. Excellent length, great volume. I don’t notice curl, but I don’t think any mascara curls so I basically just ignore anything that says that. Anyhow, I’m going to buy the full size within the next couple of days. Seriously. Love.
YAY! that’s great news heather ;D
I got the sample size from sephora as well and didnt care for it at first until someone showed me how to really work the brush (hello tightlining) and that i can layer it on without it getting clumpy. i like the effect of the mascara now and sure appreciate the brush far more than when i first tried it! *lol*
Love the mascara the first month or so but then it unfortunately dried up , So I wont repurchase it I cant buy $$$ mascara every 1.5 months.The 2015 season for NASCAR was announced today, and it will have a different look. With key changes featuring Bristol Motor Speedway, Darlington Speedway, Atlanta Motor Speedway, and Daytona summer race.
The NASCAR Sprint Cup Series will have 36 race events including two non-points races, the Sprint Unlimited on February 14th at Daytona, and the 31st annual NASCAR Sprint All-Star Race at Charlotte Motor Speedway on May 16th. The NASCAR Nationwide Series will highlight 33 races, while the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series will increase to feature 23 events, adding Atlanta as the new date.
As in previous years from the season-opener at Daytona through the end of June in Sonoma, FOX and FOX Sports 1 will broadcast all races in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, NASCAR Nationwide Series and NASCAR Camping World Truck Series. The second half of the season from July in Daytona until the Chase for the Championship ends at Homestead-Miami, NBC and NBCSN will serve as the broadcast hub for the end of the season for the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, NASCAR Nationwide Series.
FOX and FOX Sports 1 will broadcast exclusively the NASCAR Camping World Truck Series. On the radio programming will be heard on Sirius XM NASCAR Radio, Motor Racing Network (MRN) as well as the Performance Racing Network (PRN). The Indianapolis Motor Speedway’s radio network will carry both the NASCAR Sprint Cup and NASCAR Nationwide Series events at IMS.
 finale at Homestead-Miami, we’re looking forward to the great racing that will be delivered through our outstanding television network broadcast partners FOX, FOX Sports 1, NBC and NBCSN.
What this means is that Atlanta will be moved to the second race of the season (March 1), following the 57th running of the Daytona 500 on FOX. Along with the move to Atlanta will be a double-header with the Camping World Truck series with the Nationwide Series on February 28. The trucks have not race at the track since 2012.
The NASCAR’s premiere series features a west coast event with three weekends in March featuring Las Vegas Motor Speedway (March 7-8), Phoenix International Raceway (March 14-15) and the Auto Club Speedway (March 21-22).
Bristol Motor Speedway will move to a later date from mid-March to April 19. And the Daytona race held on July 4th weekend Saturday night will be moved to Sunday night.
Darlington returns to the Labor Day weekend date of September 6, for the Southern 500, which was held at Darlington Raceway from 1950 to 2004. The Southern 500 begin as NASCAR’s first 500 mile race consisting of 367 laps, the only one until the Daytona 500 made its debut in 1959.
The schedules for the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series, inclusive of their respective broadcast network, are below.
2015 NASCAR SPRINT CUP SERIES SCHEDULE
Date Site Network
2/14 Daytona International Speedway (Sprint Unlimited) FOX, MRN, SiriusXM
2/15 Daytona International Speedway (Daytona 500 Qualifying) FOX, MRN, SiriusXM
2/19 Daytona International Speedway (Duel) FOX Sports 1, MRN, SiriusXM
2/22 Daytona 500 FOX, MRN, SiriusXM
3/1 Atlanta Motor Speedway FOX, PRN, SiriusXM
3/8 Las Vegas Motor Speedway FOX, PRN, SiriusXM
3/15 Phoenix International Raceway FOX, MRN, SiriusXM
3/22 Auto Club Speedway FOX, MRN, SiriusXM
3/29 Martinsville Speedway FOX, MRN, SiriusXM
4/11 Texas Motor Speedway FOX, PRN, SiriusXM
4/19 Bristol Motor Speedway FOX, PRN, SiriusXM
4/25 Richmond International Raceway FOX Sports 1, MRN, SiriusXM
5/3 Talladega Superspeedway FOX, MRN, SiriusXM
5/9 Kansas Speedway FOX Sports 1, MRN, SiriusXM
5/16 Charlotte Motor Speedway (NASCAR Sprint All-Star Race) FOX Sports 1, MRN, SiriusXM
5/24 Charlotte Motor Speedway FOX, PRN, SiriusXM
5/31 Dover International Speedway FOX Sports 1, MRN, SiriusXM
6/7 Pocono Raceway FOX Sports 1, MRN, SiriusXM
6/14 Michigan International Speedway FOX Sports 1, MRN, SiriusXM
6/28 Sonoma Raceway FOX Sports 1, PRN, SiriusXM
7/5 Daytona International Speedway NBC, MRN, SiriusXM
7/11 Kentucky Speedway NBCSN, PRN, SiriusXM
7/19 New Hampshire Motor Speedway NBCSN, PRN, SiriusXM
7/26 Indianapolis Motor Speedway NBCSN, IMS, SiriusXM
8/2 Pocono Raceway NBCSN, MRN, SiriusXM
8/9 Watkins Glen International NBCSN, MRN, SiriusXM
8/16 Michigan International Speedway NBCSN, MRN, SiriusXM
8/22 Bristol Motor Speedway NBCSN, PRN, SiriusXM
9/6 Darlington Raceway NBC, MRN, SiriusXM
9/12 Richmond International Raceway NBCSN, MRN, SiriusXM
9/20 Chicagoland Speedway NBCSN, MRN, SiriusXM
9/27 New Hampshire Motor Speedway NBCSN, PRN, SiriusXM
10/4 Dover International Speedway NBCSN, MRN, SiriusXM
10/10 Charlotte Motor Speedway NBC, PRN, SiriusXM
10/18 Kansas Speedway NBC, MRN, SiriusXM
10/25 Talladega Superspeedway NBCSN, MRN, SiriusXM
11/1 Martinsville Speedway NBCSN, MRN, SiriusXM
11/8 Texas Motor Speedway NBC, PRN, SiriusXM
11/15 Phoenix International Raceway NBC, MRN, SiriusXM
11/22 Homestead-Miami Speedway NBC, MRN, SiriusXM
SCHEDULE SUBJECT TO CHANGE
Suggested Links
-
- Jeff Gordon wins at Michigan for his third win of 2014Show Me the Money: Amendment 3
Neither side is saying when they'll go on the air, but both sides of the debate over Amendment 3 -- which would require future state constitutional amendments be passed by a 60 percent of voters -- are sitting on more than $1-million or have already bought that much airtime for their campaigns' final two weeks.
Trust the Voters, the anti-Amendment 3 group, had looked financially outweighted until Friday, when it filed a campaign finance report showing more than $1-million flowing in, $800,000 of it from Chicago-based Americans for Limited Government, which supports citizens initiatives around the country, and $250,000 from the Humane Society of the United States, which backed the famous pregnant pig amendment in the Florida Constitution.
The influx drew a quick attack from Protect Our Constitution, the pro-Amendment 3 camp that's raised $2.3-million.."
Paul Seago of Trust the Voters had his own analysis ready when Buzz called: A map showing that $1.6-million of his opponent's money was raised within a few-block radius of Florida's Capitol in Tallahassee. (Click on the image to see it larger.)
"They want to have a debate about whose money is pure? On their side is all the special interests that are continually going to the Legislature for favors," Seago said.
0SIR Bradley Wiggins will be hitting the Runcorn Bridge as he races for Team Sky when the Tour of Britain comes through Halton next month.
On Monday, September 8, more than 100 of the world’s top cyclists will race Stage Two of the tour, which starts at Knowsley Safari Park and makes its way through Widnes and Runcorn before heading to the stage finish in Llandudno 201km later.
Halton Council leader Clr Rob Polhill, said: “We are delighted to welcome the Tour to Halton. It’s a fantastic opportunity, whether you’re a cycling enthusiast or not, to witness a major, world class event on the doorstep, so let’s get out there in great numbers and cheer the riders on.”
There will be a number of road closures throughout the day in the area.
Entering Halton from Knowsley on Cronton Road, the race travels along Birchfield Road, Kingsway, Moor Lane, Queensway, across the Silver Jubilee Bridge, along the Bridgewater Expressway to the Spur Road, Halton Link Road, West Lane, Southway, East Lane and Hallwood Link Road before leaving the borough on the Southern Expressway towards Northwich.
Allowing the race to pass through Halton without interference from non-race traffic, a ‘rolling road closure’ will be in place.
The roads will open again once the race has left the town.
Due to arrive in the borough at approximately 10.30am, there are plenty of good vantage points to cheer on the competitors. The race will leave around 11:10am
Revived in 2004, The Tour of Britain is now a cornerstone of the sporting year and this country’s main cycling event.
It is also the country’s largest free-to-watch sporting event.
Taking place from Sunday, September 7 to 14, the 2014 Tour of Britain starts in Liverpool and finishes in London.
More details regarding the route in Halton, including road closures and timings can be found at halton.gov.uk/tourofbritain or for a detailed description of Stage Two and all the details about The Tour visit tourofbritain.co.uk .Craftsy Member since October 2013
I'm enrolled in these Craftsy classes:
Creative Ways With Whole Grains
2015 Craftsy Block of the Month
Machine Savvy: Tips for Creative Sewing
Amazing Crochet Textures
Machine Embroidered Classics
A New Look at Longarm Quilting
2014 Block of the Month: Craftsy Color Theory
Beautiful Wirework Jewelry
Piece, Patch, Quilt: Basic Quiltmaking Skills
Create Stunning Birthday Cards
The Wilton Method®: Creative Cake Pops
Complete Knife Skills
The Wilton Method®: Baking Basics
Craftsy Block of the Month 2013
Figure Drawing: An Essential Guide
Micro Torch Basics
Short Rows
Creative Quilt Backs
Creative Cabled Necklines
Know Your Wool
Bag-Making Basics: Drawstring Bag & Bucket Bag
Craftsy Block of the Month 2012
Perfect Pizza at Home
Pictures to Pixel Quilts
QuiltCon Lecture Series 2013
Mastering Zipper Techniques
Ins & Outs of Grafting
Painting Flowers in Acrylic
Sewing Machine Feet from A to Z
The Hand-Painted Cake
Modern Buttercream
Basic Fondant Techniques
Sew Ready: Machine Basics
Bag-Making Basics: Reversible Tote & Zipper Pouch
ElsewhereThe CT2086Y is a 20" quality color monitor made by Panasonic which is able to deliver high viewing options within a variety of surveillance applications. The CT2086Y color monitor comes with an inbuilt closed caption decoder, 420lines of horizontal resolution, a control panel lock, a deflection screen, a comb filter, as well as auto power on/off, and artificial intelligence sound. The CT2086Y color monitor also features 3 BNC video in/outputs, a user friendly design, a compact size, plus an easy installation process that can help save time and money.
Features
- 20" color monitor
- 420lines of horizontal resolution
- Inbuilt closed caption decoder
- Deflection screen
- Auto power on/off
- Control panel lock
- 3 BNC video in/outputs
- Artificial intelligence sound
- Comb filter
- User friendly design
Found a lower price? Complete this simple form:
See any errors on this page? Let us know.Instructions for CITI ethics training
Register for the CITI ethics training here.
For class credit you must register for the training and have your participation sent to your TA.
Click Register Here on the CITI Login and Registration Page.
- Put in your name & e-mail.
- Enter: University of Illinois Chicago.
- Make up an ID & password (remember them; later when you refresh your training you will need them).
- Fill out the demographics.
- Click ‘yes’ to get the certificate; if you want to be active on a research project you will need this credit for the UIC IRB.
- What is your role in research?: Student researcher - undergraduate.
- Put in the UIC info. For ‘Office phone’ put in the UIC number (312-996-7000). Honors students use 312/413-2260.
- Click Social & Behavioral or Biomedical sciences. If you are pre-med put in Biomedical here.
If you complete the entire course (about 17 modules) you will receive a certificate by e-mail. You can also send that to your TA.Can sql server reporting service report 2005 rdl be displayed in sql server report service 2008 without doing any conversions? If so, are there things I should be aware of that might cause a problem? If not, can you point me to a URL that will show me how to convert sql server 2005 reports to sql server 2008 reports (rdls)? Thanks!Check out some available loans that are similar to this one!
Catherine
She has a business of selling yellow bananas and has been in this business for five years. She has applied for a loan of 1,000,000 Uganda shillings from MCDT-SACCO to buy more bunches of bananas. She generates additional income through selling onions and tomatoes and from rental rooms. She works from her home seven days out of every week and sells both on a retail and a wholesale basis. Her major business challenges include transportation and seasonality. She is aspiring of educating her children up to university and also to sell on a wholesale basis only.
She resides in her own house, and the family has access to electricity and piped water. Her monthly expenses include school fees, food and paying for electricity.72.0Uganda Shillings (UGX) = $1 USD
Success!! The loan was 100% repaid
A loan of $375 helped Catherine to buy more bunches of yellow bananas.
100% repaid
- Repayment Term
- 6 months (Additional Information)
- Repayment Schedule
- Monthly
- Pre-Disbursed:
- Feb 19, 2013
- Listed
- Feb 21, 2013
- Currency Exchange Loss:
- Possible
- Ended:
- Jul 17, 2013'The United States Of Tara’s' Season And Show Finale ‘Best Parts’
I am so going to miss The United States of Tara, and the finale exemplified many of the reasons why this show should have been renewed. The acting is superb, the characters well realized, and the comedy/drama fine line walked so exquisitely that the viewer truly doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
The season and show finale, “Best Parts,” began where the last episode ended – as Tara leaped from a bridge into the water below. Quick cut to Tara in an abandoned cellar, dunking alter Bryce headfirst into a vat of murky water. Between water-boarding dips, Tara tells Bryce that she deserves better, and will have better. He taunts her until she dunks him one last time. Max breaks open the cellar door and ...
Max and Tara huddle by the side of the bridge, soaked and draped in blankets, as a very unsympathetic cop refuses to buy their story of just wanting to have a swim. Tara tells Max that she had decided that the politically correct funny farm they were headed to would not help her. She wants to go to the proper lockdown facility in Boston that Dr. Hatteras had mentioned. It would mean three months of intensive treatment, but she thinks it’s the best chance she has of ever getting better. He reluctantly agrees to her plan.
Back home, Kate, Charmaine and Marshall are confused with the change of plan, and ask Max if he’s okay with Tara’s decision. He explodes in fury, and stomps out the door ... except that was just in his fantasy. In reality, he sits patiently and agrees to do what’s needed. The family begin to discuss how to handle Tara’s time away – what will Marshall do? And Kate wonders if it’s time for her and Evan to move in together. Tara asks for a final favor, that the family, including Evan and neighbour Ted, have a big family meal before she leaves.
Neil and Charmaine are still arguing about the move to Houston. Charmaine claims to fear everything about Texas, but she’s mainly afraid of facing life without Tara by her side. Neil and Max have a nice scene together. Cracking open a bottle of vintage hootch, the two sit in the basement, and reminisce about their college days, and their plans for a combined strip bar/pancake house, called ‘TitCakes.’ They admit they’ve had better ideas since then, and Neil says he’d like to take Marshall with them to Houston while Max and Tara are in Boston. When he flies the idea by Charmaine later, she’s charmed by his innate goodness.
Kate and Marshall pick shallots from the garden together, and she mentions the memorial the kids have put up to Lionel, on the corner where he was killed. Marshall admits he hasn’t been able to go by the site. Evan arrives, and Kate rushes to save Evan from the relentless questions being posed by Tara and Charmaine. Tara admits she’s worried about her baby, Kate, going away from home to be with Evan. Evan charms the ladies. While Max, Neil, and Evan try to watch the football game, Ted shells the beans, and yammers on relentlessly throughout the game play. Max explodes, strangling Ted while the beans fly everywhere and ... except, again, that’s Max’s fantasy. In reality, he sits glumly in his chair, sipping a beer.
In the kitchen, Tara, Kate and Charmaine prepare the meal. When Marshall drifts through, Tara asks him to help her prepare the ‘turducken.’ He refuses, saying they should just order in from Domino’s. When Bryce’s name is brought up, Tara says that Bryce is dead, but does not elaborate. Charmaine continues to find nothing good about moving to Houston, and wonders if her moving, along with Kate moving to be with Evan, implies the end of feminism. It seems that all three of them are following their men’s wishes. But Tara has advice – Char’s jumped from guy to guy and one bad situation after another, culminating with the baby. She’s finally with Neil, who’s been nothing but great with her and little ‘Wheels’. It’s time to grow up.
At the table, Kate and Tara serve the beans and potatoes while everyone tries to make the best of this bad situation. As the ‘turducken’ is placed in front of him, and Neil proposes a toast, Max hits a breaking point, and rails at an unjust God that rains trouble and pain on him and his family, pounding the table, and the ‘turducken,’ finally seizing the beast and throwing it against the wall, as everyone cowers. And this is no fantasy – Max really has lost it. With the air cleared, Tara says there’s really nothing more to add, and they begin to eat.
After dinner, Marshall finds Tara in his room, packing his books. He says she doesn’t have to, but Tara admits that she’s done very little beyond making his life horrible. They both say they don’t think they’ll sleep, so she proposes they take a little drive. In the spare room, Kate tells Evan she loves him, but wants to stay home, with Marshall while Tara’s away. The garage door opens to reveal Max, shredding away on his electric guitar. Ted stands nearby in his robe, silently. When a neighbour yells at Max to quit playing, Ted stands up to the neighbour for Max. Next door, Neil and Charmaine hear the guitar, and smile. Char asks Neil to marry her. At first, he teasingly refuses, and then says yes.
At the street memorial, Marshall stands in awe of the display of candles, flowers, and glittery “We Love U Lionel” banner. Telling his mother that he regrets what he didn’t get to say to Lionel, he has decided that from now on, he’ll say what is on his mind all the time. They sit together on the curb, and begin to talk.
The next morning, the family gathers as Tara and Max prepare to leave for Boston. Charmaine is teary, saying she doesn’t know if she can handle a wedding, the move, and life in Houston without Tara. Max and Tara are grateful to Kate for stepping up to stay home with Marshall. As Tara hugs Marshall, it seems they’ve come to a place of peace. He tells her to be sure they don’t take out the ‘good parts.’ Tara says Marshall and Kate are her good parts. With a final hug for Kate, she turns to the truck, and sees Buck, T and Alice, bloody but unbowed, sitting in the back. As Supertramp’s “The Logical Song” plays, Tara and Max leave for her biggest battle yet, with her family behind her, in both senses of the word.
And so we leave the Gregsons, that quirky little family, to an unknown future. We’ll never know which way Diablo Cody would have taken them into the fourth season. But I’d like to think that, if she had, we’d have seen Max finally getting some help in releasing all the anger and pain he’s swallowed over the years, over both Tara and his mother’s mental illnesses, and his father’s abandonment. I don’t know if Tara can live without the safety valves of her alters Alice, T and Buck, at the least, but I’d have liked to see her try expressing herself without them. Kate’s done a lot of growing up over the three seasons, and wants and deserves a peaceful adulthood. Would she get it, after surviving such a troubled childhood? And Marshall, once over his grief and loss, would still have much to deal with, being a gay man in a hetero world, and with his new decision to speak his mind. But this family, even burdened so heavily, had a strong bond, and I believe that would have kept them together, regardless of what the future held for them.
A toast – to Tara! And thanks to all of the cast, crew and writers, for three entertaining years. You will be missed.iny polskie. (Milwaukee, Wis.) 1907-1949
Milwaukee, Wis. (1907-1949)
- Title:
- Nowiny polskie. : (Milwaukee, Wis.) 1907-1949
- Alternative Titles:
- Polish daily 17 paźdz., 1931-
- Polish news <6 paźdz., 1913>-16 paźdz., 1931
- Place of publication:
- Milwaukee, Wis.
- Geographic coverage:
-
- Publisher:
- Nowiny Pub. Co.
- Dates of publication:
- 1907-1949
- Description:
- -r. 41, nr. 36 (14 luty, 1949).
- Began in 1907.
- Frequency:
- Daily (except Sunday) <Mar. 25, 1932>-Feb. 14, 1949
-:
- Available on microfilm from Balch Institute for Ethnic Studies, Philadelphia, Pa.
- Description based on: Rok. 6, nr. 236 (6 pad́z., 1913).
- In Polish and English.
- LCCN:
- sn 83045336
- OCLC:
- 9447189
- Holdings:
View complete holdings informationSee All Brands•See All Categories
Items: 0 • $0.00
Tracking•Help•Contact Us
NATROL My Favorite Multiple 180 caps
$11.89Save 51%
BODY FIRST One-Per-Day Multi - Vitamin and Mineral 240 tabs
$7.99Save 68%
BODY FIRSTOne-Per-Day Multi - Vitamin and Mineral
120 tabs
Retail Price: $14.54
Sale Price: $4.99
Beyond Basics
Description
from
MRM
Beyond Basics?One-on-one with Bucs safety Mark Barron
Bucs/NFL Insider
Follow @ JennaLaineBucs to Bank of America Stadium Sunday for round two.
Second-year strong safety Mark Barron talks about what he and his teammates learned from that first game against Carolina (including a pretty honest self-assessment), how they were able to turn things around after such a disastrous start and the keys to stopping Panthers quarterback Cam Newton.
JL: The first time you guys faced Carolina, in October, things didn’t go so well…31-13 was the final score. What did you learn from that?
MB: think we should have worked harder during the week. It was a short week. That was a short week that week. I don’t think we were as prepared as we should have been. I think that was one of the biggest things – that preparation that week probably wasn’t what it needed to be.
JL: At that point in the season, things seemed to really be at their worst. You guys were 0-8. There were all of those “Fire Schiano” signs near the tunnel as you guys left the stadium. And then the Dolphins came to town after a close Seattle game, and things started to turn around…
MB: I don’t know exactly what it was that made things turn around for us but I think everybody was just kind of trying to figure out how to play together. The camaraderie got better, I guess. With all the losing, we had to stick together. Like you said, there was a lot going on, a lot of turmoil at the time, so we all had to stick together. Maybe that’s one of the things that helped us and helped us turn everything around, the fact that we had to actually like try to come together and keep everything tight at the time.
JL: And then after that, you guys won three-straight. People have started to take notice. And if you watched the Detroit game on Thanksgiving, you can see, that’s a darn good football team you beat.
MB: Most definitely. That’s the thing…we’re a good team too. We just couldn’t figure out ways to win. I think that’s something that we figured out how to do and hopefully we can keep it rolling.
JL: Now one thing I’ve noticed this year is that you guys have struggled a little bit against those mobile quarterbacks. What have you learned after facing Russell Wilson and facing Cam [Newton] the first time around?
MB: The thing about stopping mobile quarterbacks is you have to be disciplined. Everybody has to be disciplined and do their job and the rush lanes – you have to stay in your rush lanes. As long as you do that, you can make it real hard on those guys because they have to stay in the pocket. That’s one thing you want to do, is be very disciplined with those quarterbacks that can run around and move around like that.
JL: With the adversity that you guys had last week — the fact that [safety] Dashon [Goldson] wasn’t playing, so you had a little more pressure on you to begin with, and the fact that Darrelle [Revis] came out, and you guys had to stop Calvin Johnson – what did it mean for you to get that win and see some of the other guys step up, guys like Kelcie McCray, Keith Tandy, Danny Gorrer after the groin injury and Johnthan Banks…to be a rookie and have a moment like that, it can do a lot for you confidence-wise.
MB: That’s exactly what it was. It was a confidence booster for us. We know we have a lot of talented guys in our secondary. Everybody just doesn’t have that experience, so you really don’t know what those guys will do when they get in the game and get in those situations, but to see those guys actually get in and come through in the clutch, I feel like it was just a confidence booster.
JL: You looking forward to the Iron Bowl?
MB: Yeah, most definitely, man. Auburn’s playing alright this year, so that makes it even better, that makes it an even better game, so I’m most definitely looking forward to it.
Tags: Alabama Crimson Tide, Auburn Tigers, Buccaneers, Bucs, Cam Newton, Carolina Panthers, Detroit Lions, Greg Schiano, Iron Bowl, Lions, Mark Barron, NFL, Panthers, Tampa Bay BuccaneersWith its high quality, glossy stock, dazzling color photos and the most famous first card in modern hobby history, the 1989 Upper Deck Baseball set revolutionized the industry.
"It was the first premium-type set that came out. Upper Deck was on the leading edge there," said Dave Jacobs, who owns the PSA Set Registry's No. 1, 1989 Upper Deck set. "They actually started a domino effect for that type of premium set."
Ryan Farabough, proprietor of the registry's No. 4 set, agrees, "I think it really set the bar for quality after it came out. Within the next few years, everyone upgraded and tried to keep up and I think it just really energized and changed the hobby."
Issued in foil packs in low and high number boxes, this trailblazer boasted 800 cards (1-700 in the first series, 701-800 in a high number series). Two different factory sets – one featuring cards 1 through 800 and another comprised of cards 701 to 800 – were produced. The set also includes the Rookie Stars (#1 to #26) and award winners (#658 to #667) subsets and a series of Collector's Choice art cards (#668 to #693).
The fronts of these singles showcase a large color photo of the player surrounded by a white border. An artist's rendering of the runner's lane from home to first base appears to the photo's right, while a team logo and the player's name are printed across the bottom of the regular cards. Another color photo, along with the player's biographical data, statistics, card number and a hologram are included on the regular card backs.
Ken Griffey Jr. is the set's inaugural single. The most renowned rookie card of the modern era, more than 50,000 Griffeys have been graded by PSA. At press time, there were 1,266 PSA 10s and 15,843 PSA 9s.
"It's not that difficult to get in PSA 10," noted Jacobs. "It's very readily available in PSA 9."
Logic might dictate that because it's the first card in the set, the Griffey might be susceptible to damage, but Jacobs says that Upper Deck inserted a blank white card in front of the future Cooperstowner's card for protection in factory sets.
"Upper Deck had a lot of insight when they did that," said Jacobs. "Had they not put that card in front of that No. 1 card, it would've been a mess."
Other notable rookies in this offering are Randy Johnson, John Smoltz, Gary Sheffield, Craig Biggio, Tom Gordon, Steve Finley, Jim Abbott and Omar Vizquel. A number of Hall of Famers are also part of the set, including Cal Ripken Jr., Tony Gwynn, George Brett, Kirby Puckett and Mike Schmidt. Two innovative Nolan Ryan cards are also featured. The Ryan Express is showcased in a "triple exposure" photo (#145) in the first series and tossing a football (#774) in the last series.
Error cards were also plentiful in this set. Some Sheffield rookies, for example, were printed with his position "SS" upside down on the card front. There's no premium for this variation. Another flaw is that many cards were printed without holograms or have duplicate holograms. These cards are not rare, nor highly coveted by collectors.
The most notorious error, however, is the reverse negative Dale Murphy card (#357). Reportedly pulled from production early in the print run, this card is not easy to track down. Of the 102 graded by PSA, there has only been two gem mint examples. At its peak, the Murphy was selling for more than $100, today a PSA 9 example generally commands between $20 and $40.
Despite being a relatively modern set, 1989 Upper Deck poses a number of challenges for registry enthusiasts.
"It's still new enough that if you want any of the common players, you're going to have to submit them yourself," said Farabough.
Jacobs knows all about self-submissions. He is just six cards shy of a straight PSA 10 set. Many of his PSA 10s are not only self-submissions, but they're the only gem mint examples in existence. Four of the cards he needs have no PSA 10s at all. With all this in mind, Jacobs says the most important character trait that '89 Upper Deck collectors can possess is perseverance.
"I got a good start on it and I just stayed with it and I think that's part of it. A lot of guys will start building these sets, then they just get bored with them," he said.
A surprising variety of condition issues also hinder the set. Jacobs says he often pulls batches of cards from factory sets that have centering issues. He has also had problems with dinged corners.
"It's got very sensitive corners," he said.
Another common flaw is damage to the holograms on the back of these cards.
"That's ruined more (PSA) 10s for me, where the card had the centering, the card had the corners, the card had the gloss . . . but then the hologram was tore up on the back," said Jacobs.
But arguably the biggest condition issue is scratches on the photos.
"When you shuffle the cards . . . you can actually scratch the surfaces of the card," said Farabough.
So far, competition for graded 1989 Upper Deck cards hasn't been fierce, but Farabough expects this to change.
"I think it's the only set from the late '80s, early '90s that stands out as . . . the potential to be anything," he said.
Jacobs has similar sentiments.
"I've always loved that set. The '89 Upper Deck set, to me, was kind of the turning point in the hobby, when the hobby was taking a really bad road," he said.
And while the set is considered a trailblazer, Jacobs is on the brink of blazing his own path into hobby history. When he tracks down the six remaining PSA 10s that he needs, he will become the first registry member to complete the 800-card, 1989 Upper Deck set in gem mint condition.
"I will finish it," he insisted.
Copyright © 2015 PSA – A Division of Collectors Universe. Nasdaq: CLCT. All rights reserved. the soon-to-be-launched vaporizer, possibly based on the review posted on the Vape Forest site.. People can connect with Vape Forest via a variety of mediums, including via Twitter at twitter.com/vapeforest and through YouTube at youtube.com/vaporizerforest. For more information, please visit.Santa Cruz Community Calendar
Community Calendar
Early Spring Vegetable Gardening
x
Export Event
Export Event
Preserve formatting in description (only supported in some calendar applications)
From Sunday, January 13, 2013 - 01:00pm
To Saturday, January 19, 2013 - 05:00pm
by
Take. ALL CLASSES REQUIRE ADVANCE REGISTRATION ONLINE. Please visit our website for a complete class description and registration details:
Location :
Love Apple Farms, 2317 Vine Hill Rd, Santa Cruz
$75Overview:
* Breezy, sheer chiffon tank from Staring at Stars
* Piped scoopneck with hook and eye closure at the front
* Gathered waist with a ruffled high/low hem
* Sheer
* UO Exclusive
Measurements:
* Model is 5'10"; is wearing size Small
* Measurements taken from size Medium
* Chest: 39"
* Length: 27"l from shoulder to hem
Style #:26462135
Content & Care:
* Polyester
* Hand wash
* ImportedNATHAN Cleverly has told his rivals they can’t dodge him for ever.
Cleverly will make the fourth defence of his WBO light-heavyweight title against Ukraine’s world-ranked Vyacheslav Uzelkov at the Cardiff Motorpoint Arena on October 27.
But Cleverly admits he has been left frustrated by the failure to land career-defining fights against legendary American veteran Bernard Hopkins and Beibut Shumenov, the WBA light-heavyweight champion.
Even proposed domestic dust-ups with IBF super-middleweight king Carl Froch and Tony Bellew have come to nothing.
Cleverly’s promoter Frank Warren said Froch had rejected a £1m purse to fight at the Millennium Stadium while adding that Bellew was “not interested” in trying to avenge his points defeat to the Cefn Fforest fighter in his Liverpool backyard last October.
It has all added up to plenty of frustration for Cleverly who says he must get active again after having just one outing in 2012 – an under-whelming points success against the American Tommy Karpency in Cardiff.
“I spoke with Joe (Calzaghe) about the frustration and he said just beat whoever’s put in front of you – and when the big opportunity comes take you chance,” he said.
“That’s what I’m doing, craving the big fights and challenging myself against the A guys.
“I’m in a position where I’m ready to fight but negotiation has fallen through.
“We can’t wait for these guys, I’ve got to keep active and Uzelkov is stepping up to the plate.
“He’s big and strong, can punch and he’ll come to try and knock me out.
“That’s the sort of fight I want, someone dangerous to keep me on my toes and bring the best out of me.
“It’s great for the fans because they’ll see an action-packed fight.”
Cleverly also hit back at Hopkins who this week taunted the Welshman on Twitter for “fighting another bum”.
“He didn’t even say my name properly,” remarked Cleverly.
“If he wants to get beaten by a bum then take the fight and I’m sure his reputation will be damaged.
“He’s been in the sport a long time, he’s taken a lot of blows and he’s obviously punch drunk. You see a lot of fighters saying a lot on Twitter but talk is cheap.
“The time will come when they have to step into a ring with me.”
Cleverly was speaking as it was revealed that former England cricket star Andrew Flintoff plans to embark on a professional boxing career.
The 34-year-old is planning to fight in a heavyweight bout in Manchester on November 30, although he must first be granted a licence by the British Boxing Board of Control.
Flintoff is being trained by former world featherweight champion Barry McGuigan and McGuigan’s son Shane as part of a TV documentary.
“It’s obviously quite late in his career to take up boxing but if he fancies it then go for it,” said Cleverly.
“It’s a tough sport but you can also get a great buzz from it, so if he fancies giving it a crack, then go for it.
“He’d be more than welcome to come and do a bit of sparring with me.
“It’s good for the profile of the sport, to have someone with that kind of name getting involved.” AT&T data plans coming for prepaidposted by Joe on January 26th, 2009 - 8:30 am | AT&T
It began with the removal of unlimited prepaid data form AT&T’s MEdiaNet plan. It’s now ended with the abolition of MEdiaNet altogether. AT&T has nixed their fancy-sounding media service in favor of a simpler, more straightforward data program. They’ve even gone and dropped some of the prices for postpaid customers. Engadget Mobile has a fact sheet on the new plans. There’s a prepaid option on there.
You can see up there that there is a GoPhone Data 1MB plan. Yes, they’re selling to prepaid customers in increments of 1 megabyte. Whoop-dee-freakin-doo. This probably means, sadly, that the iPhone can’t GoPhone. There is the Pay Per Use option, but that’s likely even more expensive than the 1MB plan.
It’s sad to think about, really, that only a few months ago AT&T had by far the best prepaid data deal going. Now it’s gone, and we’re left with low usage limits. Sigh.
Yeah, it used to be a good deal, unfortunately ppl were taking advantage of it and tossing their go phones and putting the sims into other phones. Like all good things, they usually come to an end.
i’m leaving AT&T.They are money suckersCardinals' Bradley Top Second Base Prospect
Published on January 21 2014 6:55 am
Last Updated on January 21 2014 6:55 am
Written by Millie Lange
Cardinals' Bradley Top Second-Base Prospect
(St. Louis, MO) -- The St. Louis Cardinals boast the top second-base prospect in baseball. MLB ranked the top prospects in the game by their position, and Cards' farmhand Kolten Wong came in the top spot for the second basemen. Drafted out of Hawaii in 2011, Wong hit .303 with 10 home runs, 45 RBI and a .974 fielding percentage in 2013 for Triple-A Memphis.Pair Sterling Silver Georgian London 1803 Pb Wb Ab Bateman Sugar Meat Tongs For Sale
lulupie Store
Pair Sterling Silver Georgian London 1803 PB WB AB Bateman Sugar Meat Tongs
Pair Sterling Silver Georgian London 1803 PB WB AB Bateman Sugar Meat Tongs Bright Cut
?This Lovely Pair of Sterling Silver Georgian London 1803 PB WB AB Peter Anne & William Bateman Sugar Tongs / Meat tongs are in outstanding and clean condition. They have a lovely bright cut decoration and vacant upper area for initials or a name.
Measures: 14.2 cm long.
Weight: 35.
Pair Sterling Silver Georgian London 1803 Pb Wb Ab Bateman Sugar Meat Tongs:
$103
Sterling Silver Mexican Bowl (signed)
Art Deco Silver Hair Brush - London 1931 - William Comyns & Sons Ltd
Silver Hallmarked (import) Chester 1908 Cherub With Trombone
1943 - Solid Sterling Silver Hm Oval Napkin Ring - Wakely & Wheeler - London
Stylish Pierced Silver Bon-bon Dish - Birm 1966 - Elkington & Co Ltd
Vintage Solid Silver Table Photo Frame By N&d Birmingham
1959 - Cased Set Of 6 Solid Sterling Silver Hm Teaspoons - R F Mosley & Co
Sterling Silver Pepper Mill Tiffany & Co 7 - 2.75 High
Stylish Pierced Silver Bon-bon Dishes - Birm 1921 - John Collard Vickery
Port St. Lucie, FL (PRWEB) January 24, 2014
This week, ZOFT Gum Company, a major manufacturer of functional gums that deliver health and medical benefits, announced their new capability of producing tableted products including tableted chewing gum, lozenges (fast melt or slow dissolve), chewable tablets, pressed confectionery candy and mints. These new products are made with a direct compression process.
“We specialize in developing and contract manufacturing products that provide faster absorption of active ingredients in chewing gum and lozenge dosage forms. Using tableted products as a delivery system, the actives are absorbed through the mucous membrane lining inside the mouth. This causes faster results than products using conventional oral absorption in capsule or liquid dosage,” said Heather Collins, ZOFT Media Representative.
ZOFT Gum Company can custom formulate a product and contract manufacture and package it or private label one of their already formulated products. The firm manufactures products to a customer's specifications in a compliant manufacturing environment.
Gum and confectioneries are seen as an excellent delivery technology for supplements and active ingredients. They allow for fast absorption and do not require liquid for swallowing. Additionally the delivery method does not require high heat manufacturing that can lessen the effectiveness of active ingredients. Medical experts recognize functional gums and confectioneries as an often better way to get patients to take their doses regularly. They are also more attractive to the elderly and children who many have difficulty swallowing conventional pills.
ZOFT's dietary supplements incorporate a wide range of ingredients including actives, vitamins, minerals, herbals, botanicals, amino acids and more. “We make functional gum, functional foods and medicated confectionery products using sugar or sugar-free ingredients. We can customize size, shape, flavor, color, ingredients etc.,” Collins said.
ZOFT Gum Company manufacturing provides fast turnaround on custom formulations and specializes in developing challenging formulations. “Imagine what you want and let us make it a reality. We take your product idea from concept to final production,” Collins said.LEXINGTON, Ky. –.. 1 p.m. ET on Sunday.
• All E-lots (Employee Lots) surrounding Memorial Coliseum beginning 3 hours prior to tip-off
• Parking Structure #5 (adjacent to Kennedy’s Bookstore) –access from Limestone or Upper Street. Fans who park here need to pull a white ticket from the dispenser and exchange for a pink voucher with Event Staff at the entrances of the Coliseum.
•.This is similar to our popular Zippy Sponge Painting, with a little twist to make a beautiful sign for a birthday party!
You’ll need some of the small paper plates that will fit inside a 1 quart resealable plastic bag. Take one paper plate and put a couple drops of different colors on the plate. Then place the plate carefully inside a the plastic bag and push down a little so that you get most of the air out.
Then let your toddler have some fun using her fingers to press and move the paint around the plate, without getting any paint on her! Woo hoo!
When she is done, take the plate out and let it dry, while you do the next plate! Look at and talk about the colors and if you made a new color by mixing two.
After it has dried, you can take a permanent marker and write each letter on each plate to spell out Happy Birthday! Or you can just do your toddler’s name, or anything else you want to spell out!
Then punch holes on the sides and tie some ribbon to tie them to gether and make a beautiful banner for the party!
That’s cute and love the idea that we can make something together! Thanks!
OH MY GOSH this is the most amazing idea i have ever seen it is fun exciting hands on!!! i have never seen anything like this before i cant wait to try this with my niece!!! Thank you SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO much :)Retiring is bad for your health
RETIREMENT for most people holds out the golden prospect of more time with the grandchildren or on the golf course after years of hard work and saving.
Retirement can bring unexpected health problems
But research out today claims that finishing work is a major cause of decline in physical and mental health, with many unable to enjoy the plans they made.
Despite an initial small improvement in health, due to less stress and more time to relax, retirement can prompt a series of problems for men and women.
Researchers found that retirement increases the chances of clinical depression by about 40 per cent and raises the probability of having at least one diagnosed physical condition by about 60 per cent.
The chances of requiring medication also rise by about 60 per cent, according to the study by the Institute of Economic Affairs and Age Endeavour Fellowship.
Edward Datnow, chairman of the Age Endeavour Fellowship, said: “This research is a wake-up call for the UK’s extensive and well-funded retirement lobbies.
“More emphasis needs to be given to ways of enabling a work-life balance beyond today’s normal retirement age, with discouragements to extending working life being replaced with incentives.”
He added: “More employers need to consider how they will capitalise on Britain’s untapped grey potential and those seeking to retire should think very hard about whether it is their best option.” The Work Longer, Live Healthier report calls for government policies that remove barriers to working longer.
The findings were echoed by the International Longevity Centre-UK (ILC-UK) which also urged ministers and employers to do more to help older staff stay in work.
This research is a wake-up call for the UK’s extensive and well-funded retirement lobbies
The group said the gap between effective retirement age and state pension age was a drag on the UK economy which would get worse as more people lived for longer.
It estimates that an increase in the UK’s retirement age of one year would benefit public finances by around £13billion, or one per cent of GDP.
Other research by accountants PWC estimates that raising the state pension age to 70 rather than 68 by 2046 would boost the economy by around 0.6 per cent of GDP.
Baroness Sally Greengross, chief executive of ILC-UK said: “Lots of employers talk about innovation but far too few deliver.
“Some innovative employers have implemented measures to support older workers but they are few and far between.”
Lady Greengross cited Sainsbury’s and BMW as two companies which have made changes to accommodate older workers.
The supermarket has pioneered a flexible retirement scheme, while BMW has reorganised a production line to reflect the needs of older workers.
According to official statistics, 980,000 people aged 65-plus are still working.619-233-7327
611 5th Ave ( )
San Diego, CA 92101
Neighborhoods: Gaslamp
619-233-7327
611 5th Ave ( )
San Diego, CA 92101
Neighborhoods: Gaslamp
Editorial Review by Gayot »
June 10, 2013
Searsucker is one of my favorite restaurants in Sam Diego, that's saying a lot! The service is always spot on! The waiters are very attentive without being bothersome and they know the menu like the back of their hands.'\r \r The food is…
July 23, 2012
enjoy the drinks at searsucker and the dj music! haven't eaten there yet but heard good recommendations as well.
March 30, 2012
The cheese biscuits are simply amazing! The duck fat fries are jaw dropping and the shrimp and grits are out of this world! The food is very strong in taste and delicious! Definitely a great place to check out on the weekends. We sat…
Menuism intends to provide the most accurate information possible. The Searsucker menu items have been provided by Menuism users or third party data sources. If you see discrepancies or you represent Searsucker and wish to report changes, please contact us.Jeff Probst
In ‘Survivor’ First, Fans Will Pick Next Season’s Castaways
In a “Survivor” first, fans will decide the 20 castaways who will complete in the fall edition of the show.
‘Survivor’ Returns For 30th Season Wednesday
The 30th season of Survivor begins Wednesday night. It’s the longest running reality-competition series on TV. Since the premiere of the show on May 31, 2000, 460 contestants have participated since the show.
18 New Castaways Competing On The 30th Edition Of ‘Survivor’
CBS’ Emmy Award-winning series “Survivor” is returning for its 30th season in its 15th year anniversary..User Tag List
Results 1 to 6 of 6
Thread: 7/12 Utara online information
7/12 Utara online information
Dear Friends, Please help me & give information in following matters --
1) We have lost Kharedi Khat / Purchase agreement & other important documents of Agriculture Land owned by our father in village located in malegaon, Nasik. We only have Shet-sara / Tax Receipt yearly paid to Govt.
Can anybody guide what is to be done in this case if we want to sell this land.
2) Where do we get our land information at which govt. office ?
Re: 7/12 Utara online information
Hi Rabindra,
Welcome to RTI India Portal.
Locate the nearest Revenue office ( Tahasil/ Taluk etc.) under whose jurisdiction the concerned agriculture land falls.
Ask the PIO of that office under RTI Act the information like
1. Details of land in the name of your father as per record
2. Procedure to obtain duplicate copies of land records.
3. present status of the land with ref to the revenue tax receipt.
Pl read the links on Home Page under the icon "All About RTI" to know how to write & submit Application as per Mahrashtra RTI Rules - RTI Guide
Re: 7/12 Utara online information
Try the online site - but it is not official, and does not always work.
required 7/12
Dear sir,
I have servey no. But unable to get 7/12.
Can u please guide me how do I get it
The land is in Kharvai (badlapur)..
Re: required 7/12
This portal is only meant for discussing issues related to the RTI Act.
You can try Big HelpersTwitter: @cjkarira
Re: 7/12 Utara online information
You can file a RTI application to seek a certified photocopy of the required land records with the Public Information Officer (PIO) of the concerned City Survey Office.
Kindly click on the following link to download Maharashtra RTI forms:Sound Problem DVD playback
Discussion in 'DVD Video' started by zjon,
Photo sound playbackEd Mullikin, Aug 19, 2004, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 507
- Ed Mullikin
- Aug 19, 2004
Memory-Tech and Toshiba Unveil Dual-Format Disc That Supports Playback of Both HD DVD and DVD.Allan, Feb 11, 2005, in forum: DVD Video
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 545
- Allan
- Feb 11, 2005
Sound playback hiccups when browsing internetJohn Gelanzes, Mar 7, 2007, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 5
- Views:
- 2,093
- Soundblaster
- Mar 8, 2007
Problems with DVD (original or burned) playback: shacken video and soundHarold, Mar 25, 2007, in forum: DVD Video
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 619
- Harold
- Mar 31, 2007
New DVD LightScribe Drive - No Audio on DVD playback!Kyle :o\), Aug 18, 2007, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 5
- Views:
- 2,163
- PeeCee
- Aug 21, 2007‹ Back to Hanks surname
Daughter of William Lee and Mary Waddell
Wife of Joseph Hanks, Sr.
Mother of Thomas Hanks; Joshua Hanks; William Hanks, Sr.; Lucy Hanks; Charles Hanks and 4 others; Elizabeth Sparrow; Mary "Polly" Hanks; Nancy Hall and Joseph Hanks, Jr. « less
Sister of Richard Lee and William Lee
Joseph & Ann migrated to Mercer County, Kentucky 1784, to Nelson County 1787.
Alternate dates: Birth Date c. 1728; Death Date c. 1808 (which would give an age of ~80).Categories
Featured Products
_6<<
GHS Fast-Fret String CleanerQ.R 45 String and neck lubricant / string cleaner for all stringed instruments. Includes cleaning cloth.
>>IMAGE String Cleaning ClothQ.R 30 Preserves the life and tone of your guitar strings!HANG ON, MR. BRANSHAW ...
With just two full-field events remaining on the PGA Tour schedule, David Branshaw, who grew up in Oswego, finds himself slowly slipping toward "Bubble Boy" land.
Heading into this week's Funai Classic at Walt Disney World Resort, Branshaw finds himself in 119th place on the money leaders list with $693,705. As you all know, only the top 125 retain full playing privileges next year with Nos. 126-150 having partial exemptions and a waiver through the first round of Q-school.
So, what does B-shaw have to do to ensure that he keeps his card outright? Well, a finish like Horseheads' native Joey Sindelar had last week certainly wouldn't hurt.
Sindelar was 116th on the money list entering last week, then secured his card for another year with a tie for 9th in the Frys.com Open. The finish was worth a whopping $112,000 and pushed Joey into 103rd place with $802,507. He's safe.
Right now the Man on the Bubble is Brian Bateman. In 125th place, he has earned $645,153. Branshaw, with $693,705, has a $48,000 cushion that may be just enough even if he misses the final two cuts. But he would probably feel much better with at least one top-25 finish.
Other Upstaters on the PGA Tour seem to be in good shape to keep their playing cards. Jeff Sluman (Rochester) is easily in with $1,239,384 in earnings and stands in 70th place. Dudley Hart is 109th with $762,736.
In compiling these figures, it prompted interest in how much the 125th money amount has increased in recent years. Here's the list from 2000:
2000 -- $391,075
2001 -- $406,352
2002 -- $515,445
2003 -- $487,495
2004 -- $623,262
2005 -- $626,736
2006 -- $645,153 (with two full-field events and the season-ending Tour Championship remaining).
The growth is even more dramatic if you go back in time before Tiger, who turned pro in the final quarter of the 1996 season and played his first full season in 1997.
1986 -- $63,395
1989 -- $99,454
1990 -- $123,908 -- (1st year you had to be over $100,000 to keep your card)
1996 -- $167,852
1998 -- $228,304
1999 -- $326,893
At this rate, you've got to bet that in maybe 5 to 7 years it will take $1 million to keep your card. This year, 88 players have already passed the seven-figure mark, and seven more have won more than $900,000.
THE OTHER BUBBLE WATCH in the next two weeks involves Skaneateles native Tom Scherrer, who's on the Nationwide Tour.
Scherrer stands in 69th place with $79,226 with two full-field events remaining, plus the Nationwide Tour Championship. Only the top 62 get into that season-ender, and No. 62 stands at $90,000 (that player, by the way, is PGA Tour player Kevin Na, who won the only N-wide event he played in this year. He's unlikely to play in the N-wide Tour Championship).
As for earning a promotion outright to the PGA Tour, Scherrer would have to jump into the top 20. No. 20 right now is Brenden Pappas, who has $185,907. A normal N-wide victory is worth $90,000, so Scherrer would not only have to win one of the next two events, but also cash well in another to gain his card that way.
Last year, Scherrer missed regaining PGA Tour privileges (which he had in 1996 and from 1999-2003) by one spot -- or $2,683. He went into the Tour Championship in 19th place and needed to finish 21st or better (the promotion spot moved to 21 because Jason Gore won a battle-field promotion to the PGA Tour by winning three times on the N-wide tour last year).
Well, Scherrer started out the Tour Championship with rounds of 70-77-74 and lost his seemingly assured promotion by a couple shots. Meanwhile, Branshaw won the finale and moved way up the money ladder to earn his second trip back to the Bigs. Maybe that can happen again this year ... to Scherrer.
Chris
cwagner@syracuseNew worm and daylight savings?
Discussion in 'Computer Information' started by Ray Wesley Kinserlow Jr., Aug 27,......XtremeHOHA, Jan 14, 2005, in forum: Computer Support
- Replies:
- 5
- Views:
- 731
- Tim K.
- Jan 15, 2005
Linksys PAP2-NA & North America Daylight savings rule?Wil, Sep 20, 2006, in forum: VOIP
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 1,256
- Wil
- Sep 20, 2006
Windows "date modified" and daylight savings timebucky3, Nov 2, 2009, in forum: Digital Photography
- Replies:
- 20
- Views:
- 5,642
- David J Taylor
- Nov 4, 2009: "Search", Category: "Semantics" Track this Search Promoted API Name Description Category Updated Trails.by Trails.by is a hybrid bookmarking platform that allows for the collection of "curated" bookmarking lists (called 'trails'), but with an additional social Q&A component. Users... Bookmarks 05.22.2012 DiscoverText The service provides analytics tools for monitoring and interpreting traffic on social media sites. Text processing algorithms derive indications and insights about customers, products, and business... Database 04.23 GroupMe From their site: Extends the idea of social tagging systems like del.icio.us, Flickr or BibSonomy by introducing the group dimension. The foundation of social tagging systems are folksonomies. A... Bookmarks 12.25.2007... Tools 09.27 Semantic Contextual Advertising Semantic Engines Contextual Advertising API identifies best matching advertising categories for a Web page. The API is deployed in a computing cloud and can be integrated with a client's... Advertising 11.05 API is an experimental semantic sentence similarity API, optimized on short sentences written in several languages (Italian, English, German, Portuguese and French at the moment). With HP IDOL OnDemand Expand Terms IDOL OnDemand by HP offers an array of data processing APIs for format conversion, image analysis, indexing, search, and textual analysis. Preview capabilities exist to view how many of these RESTful... Words Luminoso Luminoso is a text analytics service that provides actionable business intelligence by combining a unique approach to textual understanding with a comprehensive commonsense knowledge base. Luminoso... Tools 10.07 Maluuba Natural Language Maluuba is a phone assistant app that uses natural voice recognition technology to turn users commands into actions. It can work with features such as calendar, reminders, weather, search, voice... Telephony 11.15.2012 BODC NERC Vocabulary Server The British Oceanographic Data Centre (BODC) is a national facility for maintaining and distributing data concerning the marine environment. It provides several web services for implementing this... Science 11.07.2012 Sysomos Sysomos is a social media monitoring and analytics service that lets organizations gather business intelligence about their brands. Sysomos goes beyond monitoring social media conversations to... Social 10.24 BBAS Personal Data Repository The personal data repository is a project of the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences. The goal of the project is to build a digital infrastructure for scientific biographical information. A suite... Reference 09.21.2012 Achievement Standards Network The service provides listings of educational standards by topic, instructional level, and school agency or other jurisdiction setting the standards. Hierarchically organized listings define specific... Education 09 Vapour The service validates RDF/XML found at a URL specified in the request and confirms that the data is correctly formatted and compliant with best practices. A public web service allows manual... RDF 07.11.2012 Attempto RACE The service adds a reasoning function to the provider's research tool, Attempto Controlled English (ACE). ACE is a "controlled natural language" that structures statements in the... Reference 07.11.2012 Cocoa Cocoa is a dense annotator for biological text. It annotates macromolecules, chemicals, protein/DNA parts, organisms, processes, anatomical parts, locations, physiological terms, parameters, values,... Science 06.25.2012 Peer39 Peer39 helps partners improve the relevance of their online display advertising by providing data based on the content and structure of web pages. Peer39 analyzes pages across three channels: Quality... Advertising 06.21.2012 LX-Center The Natural Language and Speech Group at the University of Lisbon's Department of Informatics provides several online linguistics tools for processing text. The Sentence Chunker tool marks... Education 06.11 SISSVoc The service is part of the Spatial Information Services Stack (SISS) devoted to promoting interoperability among mapping information systems, including implementations by Australian government... Mapping 05.02.2012 Kudos Flockworks Kudos Knowledge is a company that develops knowledge management products. Their products are backed by Semantic Social Intelligence, a form of AI that has the ability to discover meaningful... Enterprise 04.26.2012 Enrycher The service provides text analysis and processing at two levels. Shallow text processing reviews a sample to detect topic and keyword coverage and extract named entities, including people, places,... Reference 04.02.2012 Mutalyzer Mutalyzer provides a suite of services that check variant sequence nomenclature according to the guidelines of the Human Genome Variation Society. These services allow users to assess the correctness... Science Scan & Target Scan & Target's technology offers real time analysis of social media communications to give users actionable intelligence. The company's "Text Meaning" technology can... Social 03.07.2012 EBI Whatizit Whatizit is a text processing system designed to identify molecular biology terms and link them to publicly available databases. Identified terms are wrapped with XML tags that carry additional... Tools 03.05.2012 EBI SBO The Systems Biology Ontology (SBO) is a set of controlled, relational vocabularies of terms commonly used in Systems Biology, and especially in computational modeling. These terms can be used to add... Science 03.05.2012 NaCTeM Termine Termine is a text mining service provided by The National Centre for Text Mining (NaCTeM). Termine uses C-Value term extraction, which is a domain-independent method for automatic term recognition.... Tools 03.04.2012 SÃ¤songmat The service provides Swedish-language content about seasonal availability of foods in Sweden and the region. When foods are naturally available, they can be supplied with the least environmental... Food 02.24.2012 Simple Semantic Web Architecture and Protocol The National Science Foundation, in conjunction with the University of Arizona, has made available the Simple Semantic Web Architecture and Protocol (SSWAP), an architectural protocol for semantic... Tools 02.20.2012 iPlant Semantic Web HTTP The service accepts JSON data conforming to a specified format and generates compliant RDF/XML OWL code that allows interaction via the semantic web. The input format is designed to support the needs... Science 02.17.2012 Ingesture The concept behind Ingesture is to provide users with a web service that allows sharing of light-weight social messages that generate socially semantic URL's as shared gestures, which can also... Social 02.13 Lexaurus REST API to manage and distribute controlled vocabularies, taxonomies, or data sets. Suite of products also includes a fully featured editor which can be used to create and edit vocabularies. This... Database 10.21 Influence Explorer Text The Influence Explorer Text API powers the real-time textual analysis behind the Sunlight Foundation's Inbox Influence is called the Influence Explorer Text API, and it is available for general... Government 08.01.2011 PopCV Semantic The Semantic Engine Systems API is designed to help those in charge of hiring better sort through applications. The engine can access your inbox, scan through the attached resumes and CVs, and pull... Jobs 07.17.2011 Coginov The Coginov API takes information streams and applies sorting algorithms to extract the meaning and intent of the data. Used to simplify large volumes of data into understandable summaries. Use... Tools 07.17.2011 Crystal Semantics Content Categorization Crystal Semantics provide content categorization services which enables the rapid contextualization of webpages in milliseconds. The API returns a ranked sequence of categories, ordered by relevance... Advertising 07.01.2011 Lymbix Sentiment Analysis Lymbix provides sentiment analysis services for any form of text-based communication. The service looks for the tone in messages such as emails and tweets. With the API, developers can integrate the... Tools 06.13 Syllabs Syllabs develops technologies for semantic analysis of text content. The Syllabs API, lets developers integrate the functionality of the semantic analysis platform in their own web site or... Tools 04.27.2011 ‹ prev 1 2 3 … 8 next ›There’s a nice new high-value printable coupon to save $1/1 packet of Hidden Valley Greek Yogurt Dips Mix OR Greek Yogurt Salad Dressing Mix. I have not seen this variety at my store yet, but it should make for some nice savings if you find it at yours.
We also have an offer to Earn $0.50 Cash Back wyb Hidden Valley Ranch Seasoning Mixes & Dips w/Checkout 51 x5/13 offer, and the good news is this offer will be back tomorrow and and valid thru 5/20.
$1.00 Off when you purchase any TWO (2) EMERALD Nuts items*
*Can stack with 10% Off Emerald Nuts Almond/Cashew Target Cartwheel x5/30
$1.00 When You Buy (1) Kidfresh Meal. Healthy Frozen Kids Meals (68130)
30¢ On any bag of Haribo product, 4 oz. or larger
50¢ on any ONE (1) KRAFT Mayo or MIRACLE WHIP Dressing
$1.00 on any ONE (1) Stayfree Product (prints with no size restrictions)
$2.00 OFF ONE Dreft Beads (excludes trial/travel size) (68130)
$1.00 on any one (1) carton Blue Bunny Frozen Novelty (63366)
$1.00 on any one (1) carton Blue Bunny Frozen Novelty (19104)
$2.00 on any ONE (1) Fresh Step Lightweight Extreme Litter 15.4lb.+(68130)
$2.00 OFF on any Sally Hansen Hair Removal Product (68130)
25¢ OFF ONE Bounty Paper Towel (excludes trial/travel size) (68130)
$1.00 Off (1) CLEAN & CLEAR product (excludes trial and travel sizes)
$2.00 on any ONE (1) CLEAN & CLEAR ADVANTAGE product (ETS)
$3.00 Off PLAY-DOH MARVEL SMASHDOWN HULK (sku# B0308) toy
McCafe, Gevalia & Maxwell House Resets & Deals
We have a few reset printable coupons for coffee products…
-$1.00 on any ONE (1) GEVALIA Coffee Product (77477)
-$1.00 on any ONE (1) McCafé Coffee Item (90210)
-$1.00 on any ONE (1) MAXWELL HOUSE Iced Coffee Concentrate (90210)
The Gevalia & McCafe coupons are great for this week’s B1G1 50% off Bagged coffee Deal…
DEAL IDEA: Buy 2 McCafe Bagged Coffee ($6.99) = $13.98
-$3.50 (one will be 50% Off with Target Deal thru 5/16
-$2 (use two $1.00 on any ONE (1) McCafé Coffee Item (90210)
= $8.48 for 2 or $4.24 each after stack
If you got the $1.50/1 in the 5-3 SS1, it makes for a better deal.
DEAL IDEA: Buy 2 Gevalia Bagged Coffee (PSA $5.99) = as low as $11.98
-$3.00 (one will be 50% Off with Target Deal thru 5/16
-$2.00 (use two $1.00 on any ONE (1) GEVALIA Coffee Product (77477)
= as low as $6.98 for 2 or $3.49 each after stack.
If you prefer k-cups, we have a new high-value 25% Off Gevalia Target cartwheel offer to stack to make for some nice savings…
DEAL IDEA: Buy Gevalia K-cups $11.99 (Regular Price)
-25% Off Gevalia Single Serve Cups (excl. Clearance) Target Cartwheel x5/30
-$1.00 on any ONE (1) GEVALIA Coffee Product (77477)
= $7.99 after stack
And, if you are a fan of the Maxwell House Iced Coffee we have a great cartwheel to stack…
Maxwell House Iced Coffee $3.69 (Regular Price)
-.92 (use 25% Off Maxwell House Iced Coffee Target Cartwheel x5/30
-$1/1 MAXWELL HOUSE Iced Coffee Concentrate (90210) or 4-19 SS x5/24
= $1.77 after stack, or like saving over 50%
There’s a nice new high-value printable coupon available to save $3 on any two (2) NIVEA or NIVEA Men Body Wash (8.4 oz. – 25.4 oz.). Mine printed with a nice long expiration date of 8/15, so plenty of time to print and hold for a sale or deal down the road.
But if you are in need now, we do have a a $1/1 Nivea Body Wash 12 oz+ Mobile Target Coupon (text OFFERS to 827438) x5/13 to stack to make for some nice savings.
$5/1 Purina Beneful Reset, Stack & Gift Card Deal
Those two nice super high-value printable coupons to save on Purina have reset…
-$5.00 on one (1) 13lb or larger bag of Purina Beneful Dry Dog Food (68130)
-$5.00 on one (1) 15lb or larger bag of Purina ONE Dry Dog Food (68130)
Even better, thru 5/30 Target is offering a FREE $5 Gift Card wyb 2 Beneful Dog Food and we have a cartwheel offer to stack for a nice deal…
DEAL IDEA: Buy 2 Purina Beneful Dog Food 15.5 lb ($12.99 – $13.99) = as low as $25.98
-$3.90 (use 15% Off Beneful 15 lb+ Food Target Cartwheel x5/30
-$10 (use two $5/1 Purina Beneful Dry Dog Food 13 lb+ (68130)
= $12.08 -$5 Target Gift Card Back for buying 2 thru 5/30
= as low as $7.o8 for 2 or $3.54 each depending on your price
If you are interested in the Purina One, there are a few stackables out there…
$1 off Purina ONE dry dog food 7.4-lb. or larger Target Coupon x6/6
$5/2 Purina One Dry Dog Food Bag 7 lb+ Target Coupon 4-12-15 SS x5/12
-5% Off Purina One Dry Dog Food Target Cartwheel x5/30
Over 40 New & Reset Printable Grocery Coupons- DiGiorno Pizzeria, Hunt’s Tomatoes, Magnum & More
BEVERAGES
$1.00 Off (1) box of Green Mountain Coffee or Original Donut Shop K-Cups (90210)
$1.50 on any TWO 46oz. or 6-pack 6oz. canned DOLE Pineapple Juice (90210)
$1.00 on any ONE (1) MilkSplash Zero Calorie Milk Flavoring (90210)
70¢ Off (1) True Citrus Product (not including the 12ct True Lemon or Lime) (90210)
$1.00 On One (1) Odwalla 59 fl. oz. beverage, any variety (90210)
$2.00 Off (1) multipack or canister of BOOST Nutritional Drink or Mix (90210)
$2.00 Off (2) boxes, canisters or multipacks of Carnation Breakfast Essentials (90210)
$1.00 Any ONE (1) So Delicious Dairy Free Product (90210)
FROZEN
$1.05 on ONE New DIGIORNO pizzeria! thin pizza or DIGIORNO pizzeria! pizza (90210)
$0.75 on any ONE (1) Magnum Ice Cream Bar Multipack (90210)
$1.00 on any TWO (2) Magnum Ice Cream Bar Multipacks (90210)
75¢ on any one (1) carton Bomb Pop Frozen Novelty (77477)
$1.00 Off Auntie Anne’s Frozen Pretzel Products. (Available at Target) (90210)
75¢ on any two (2) TONY’S Pizzas (14.14 oz or larger) In the freezer aisle (90210)
$1.00 when you purchase any one (1) Screamin’ Sicilian Frozen Pizza (55318)
$1.00 on any one (1) carton Blue Bunny Frozen Novelty (63366) or (19104)
$1.50 On Any One (1) Tai Pei Appetizer (16 oz. – 24 oz.) (90210)
$1.00 On Any Two (2) Tai Pei Single Serve Entrées (Up to 14.2 oz) (90210)
$2.00 off any El Monterey Corn Taquito Snack Box (28oz. or smaller) (77477)
$1.50 on any one (1) box of El Monterey Taquitos (21oz – 24oz) (90210)
$1 On Any José Olé Snack (16 oz or larger) (90210)
$0.75 Off Jimmy Dean or Jimmy Dean Delights Frozen Lunch or Dinner Entrée (90210)
$1.00 on one (1) package of Gardein (90210)
REFRIGERATED
$1.00 on any TWO (2) packages of PHILADELPHIA Cream Cheese (90210)
55¢ on ONE (1) jar of any CLAUSSEN Pickles (90210)
$1.00 when you buy any Two (2) Sargento Tastings Cheese (90210)
$1.00 off any ONE (1) 35.3oz size FAGE Total (90210)
$1.00 off any FOUR (4) cups 5.3, 6 or 7oz size FAGE Total (90210)
$1.00 off any TWO (2) cups 17.6oz size FAGE Total (90210)
$1.00 Off Tyson Trimmed & Ready Boneless Skinless Fresh Chicken Breast (90210)
50¢ on the purchase of (1) HORMEL NATURAL CHOICE Deli Sandwich Meat (90210)
$1.00 on the purchase of any one (1) LLOYD’S Barbeque product (90210)
$1.00 on the purchase of any two (2) HORMEL REV Wraps. (90210)
$1.00 on any TWO (2) P3 PORTABLE PROTEIN PACKS (90210)
$.75 on the purchase of (2) Silk Dairy Free Yogurt Alternative 5.3 oz. Cups (90210)
OTHER GROCERY COUPONS
$1.00 on any FOUR (4) Uncle Ben’s Brand rice products (90210)
$0.40 OFF any ONE (1) DOLE Canned Fruit (90210)
55¢ on the purchase of any two (2) HORMEL Chili products (90210)
$1.00 on the purchase of any two (2) HORMEL Bacon Toppings products (90210)
$1.00 on the purchase of any two (2) HORMEL Premium Chicken Breast products (90210)
B3G1 FREE Hunt’s Canned Tomatoes, Get One (1) Free (Max Value $1.00) (90210)
$1.00 when you buy TWO (2) packages of TURTLES King Size Bar 1.76oz (90210)
$0.75 Off on TWO (2) Orchard Valley Harvest Grab & Go bags (90210)
$0.75 on any ONE (1) Juicy Fruit Starburst Gum 3-pack (15-pc per pack) (90210)
$1.00 Off (1) Quaker Real Medleys Cereal, Granola, Bars OR (2) cups of Oatmeal+ (90210)
$0.75 on any ONE (1) Altoids Arctic tin (1.2oz) Redeemable at Walmart (90210)
$0.75 on any (1) Soy Vay Dressing or Marinade (90210)
$1.50 Off any two (2) bags or boxes of Crunchmaster Crackers or Chips (90210)
$1.00 on any one (1) Pearls Olives To Go! 4-pack or larger (90210)
$1/1 Hillshire Farm American Craft Sausage Printable Coupon Reset, Cartwheel Stack & Deal
If your store carries the Hillshire American Craft Sausage (not all do), that nice coupon to save $1/1 Hillshire Farm American Craft Sausage has reset. Our Target cartwheel also reset thru 5/25 & makes for a nice deal after stack…
Hillshire Farm American Craft Smoked Sausage $3.44 (Regular Price)
-.68 (use 20% Off Hillshire Farm American Craft Target Cartwheel x5/25
-$1.00 on any ONE (1) Hillshire Farm American Craft smoked sausage (90210)
= $1.76 after stacking cartwheel with coupon
New 10% Off Purex Target Cartwheel, Stack & Deal
We got a new Target cartwheel offer to save 10% off Purex Liquid Detergent. Even better, that nice high-value coupon to save $3 off any TWO Purex Laundry Detergent 90oz+ has reset. The Purex liquid 150 oz, 100 load bottles are regularly priced at $6.99 for a nice deal after stack…
Buy 2 Purex Detergent 150 oz 100 load ($6.99) = $13.98
-$1.39 (use 10% Off Purex Liquid Detergent Target Cartwheel x5/16
-$3 off any TWO Purex Laundry Detergent 90oz+
= $9.59 for both or $4.79 each after stack for 100 loads
Those nice higher-value coupons to save on SC Johnson cleaning products have reset…
-$2.00 on THREE (3) Windex, Scrubbing Bubbles, Pledge, or Shout products (ETS) (90210)
-$3.00 on FOUR (4) Windex, Scrubbing Bubbles, Pledge, or Shout products (ETS) (90210)
This week thru 5/16, Target has several Scrubbing Bubbles & Windex products on sale for $2.99. And keep a close eye out for possible Target coupons you may find attached to select products. These are store coupons to save $1 Off (1) Windex product AND (1) Scrubbing Bubbles product which will save you even more.
-$1.00 off when you buy any ONE (1) Purex PowerShot Liquid Laundry Detergent*
*Can stack with $1.50/1 Purex Powershot 45 oz Target Coupon 4-26 RP x5/10
AND the 10% Off Purex Powershot Detergent Target Cartwheel x5/16
-50¢ on any ONE (1) ARM & HAMMER Toothpaste (2.5oz or larger)
-50¢ when you purchase any ONE Kellogg’s Krave Cereal
-75¢ on any ARM & HAMMER Spinbrush Adult Manual Toothbrush
-75¢ when you purchase any ARM & HAMMER Truly Radiant Rinse
-50¢ when you purchase any ONE Kellogg’s Froot Loops Cereal
-75¢ on any ONE (1) Windex product (Excludes trial & travel sizes)
-$1 on ONE 144oz+ XTRA or TWO 75oz or less XTRA, Nice ‘n Fluffy Softeners, or Sure Shot Paks
-$4.00 when you purchase one (1) Flonase 120 ct. spray bottle
-$1/1 Gain Laundry Detergent 40 oz+ liquid or 22 load+ powder (excl. Fireworks) (90210)
-50¢ OFF ONE Gain Fabric Enhancer or Fireworks (ETS & 20 and 34 ct sheets) (90210)
-SAVE $1.00 when you buy any TWO (2) LUIGI’S® Products (24 FL OZ or larger)
-SAVE $2.00 when you purchase ANY FLONASE® Allergy Relief
-$1 OFF any ONE Flavor of New McCormick® Grill Mates® Premium Smoked SausagesReus and Schmelzer happy at Dortmund
Germany internationals Marco Reus and Marcel Schmelzer have reiterated that they are happy at Borussia Dortmund, with their comments coming as Die Schwarzgelben are reportedly set to offer Reus a new contract.
Reus, 24, is under contract until 2017, but the Dortmund-born forward is reported to have a 35 million euro release clause that would allow him to leave.
In recent weeks, he has excelled in a new role in central midfield and has been one of the key factors in the club's recent revival in form.
Reus has been involved in 42 goals in 40 appearances for Dortmund this season, and currently tops the kicker magazine rankings for the best player of the Bundesliga season ahead of Bayern duo Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery.
With pundits tipping him to play a major role at the World Cup, German tabloid Bild reported that Dortmund are set to offer a deal that would make him their top earner and erase the release clause in his existing deal, signed in 2012.
"I don't say anything about the contents of contracts, but I don't have to emphasise every time just how fine in feel at Dortmund," Reus told the paper on Tuesday.
Left-back Schmelzer has been another player linked with a move, with media reports in England suggesting he could be on the way to Liverpool.
On Monday, Schmelzer, who is set to return from a thigh injury that has sidelined him since mid-March, told Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung that he had no plans to leave the German Cup finalists.
"Of course, it is nice to hear that top clubs are interested in me," he said. "But I am under contract here until 2017. I feel very -- no, very, very -- good here."
Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Your Facebook name, photo & other personal information you make public on Facebook will appear with your comment, and may be used on ESPN's media platforms. Learn more.I am thinking about buying an AMD Athlon XP 1700 cpu. What is the difference between the OEM version of this particular CPU and the RETAIL version. Besides the obvious manufacturer's warranty, and whether it comes w/ a fan and heatsink. Is there a performance difference? Thanx
<font size=-1>[ This Message was edited by: Drunkmonk on 2002-02-04 01:22 ]</font>PHProxy Template 04 (Lite)
Lite Proxy Template is a very Unique and elegant design and has been optimized for High Ctr also providing you custom ads location,this theme is Completely CSS based So it will load your proxy much faster.
Some Features of Lite Phproxy Theme
Internet Explorer 8 Ready
FireFox Compatible Design
- And Supports all other major browsers
great design i just put this theme on few of my proxies ,thanks a lot……..
Wow nice design can you please release this one for glype.
Nice Design and amazing Ads location,i hope this template will boost my CTR.
Thanks
Simon
thanks a lot for such a nice template
Pakistani company forging ahead with Posey plans | TIMELINE
Oct. 3, 2008: Heartland Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2008 becomes law. Tax-exempt bonds are available for economic development projects in disaster areas declared between May 20, 2008 and Aug. 1, 2008. Indiana is approved for $3 billion in bonds.
September 2011: Lt. Gen. Michael Barbero urges top leaders at Pakistani company Fatima Group to help reduce the illicit use of their ammonium nitrate fertilizer in explosives. Barbero is the director of the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization (JIEDDO).
2012
Sept. 24: Fatima incorporates Midwest Fertilizer Corp. in Delaware. This entity plans to build a nitrogen fertilizer plant in Posey County.
Oct. 16: Indiana Finance Authority receives Midwest Fertilizer Corp.'s disaster bond application
Nov. 16: Indiana Finance Authority approves bond issue
Nov. 30: Indiana Economic Development Corp. offers Midwest Fertilizer incentives the company accepts.
Dec. 1: Indiana Finance Authority issues $1.3 billion in disaster bonds to Midwest Fertilizer Corp. for Posey County fertilizer plant project. These proceeds are escrowed pending Midwest Fertilizer's ability to satisfy conditions.
Dec. 13: Sen. Bob Casey (D-PA), chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee for Near Eastern and South and Central Asian affairs, chairs a hearing on efforts to reduce IED activities. Barbero testifies that he has not had contact with Fatima Group since September 2011 and describes them as "less than cooperative" in helping prevent their product from being used in explosives.
Dec. 19: Midwest Fertilizer Corp. and the Ports of Indiana enter into an agreement that gives Midwest an option to purchase a 250-acre site from the Ports of Indiana.
Dec. 20: All fertilizer bonds are sold in $100,000 denominations, 11 days before the disaster bond program expires.
2013
Jan. 12: IEDC learns about Barbero's testimony
Jan. 14: Pence instructs IEDC to suspend state support for the fertilizer project.
Jan. 15: In a letter, IEDC tells Fatima that Barbero's December remarks "place the entire IEDC project in jeopardy," and "any misunderstanding between Lt. Gen. Barbero and Fatima needs to be resolved very quickly for the sake of the opportunity."
Feb. 1: Pence issues statement announcing the state has suspended its role in the project.
Feb. 5: Fatima says it is "collecting the facts to respond to the concerns that have been expressed."
Feb. 14: Barbero and Fatima exchange letters thanking each other for meeting together. Both letters mention Fatima's efforts to develop a new fertilizer formula that would render the product less effective in explosives. Both parties mention Fatima's pledge to suspend sales of ammonium nitrate fertilizer in Pakistan/Afghanistan border provinces.
Feb. 19: Fatima writes Barbero, saying "as of today" it has suspended all sales of ammonium nitrate fertilizer products in the two provinces bordering Afghanistan. Letter is copied to Sen. Robert Casey.
Feb. 22: Barbero issues a statement saying he's seen "positive developments" with Fatima Group in recent weeks.
Feb. 26: Pence's spokeswoman says state support for the project is still on hold.
March 1: Dan Rene, senior vice president of crisis public relations firm Levick Communications contacts Courier & Press, wanting to place reporter in touch with attorney Tom Campbell, Fatima's U.S. adviser.
March 5: Houston attorney Tom Campbell contacts Courier & Press. His office provides copies of correspondence between Barbero and Fatima.
March 6: Sen. Casey releases a statement saying he's received commitments from Fatima about suspending border province sales and a fertilizer buy-back program. Casey describes these as "very positive developments." He also mentions Fatima's efforts to develop a new formula for its fertilizer. The Fatima Group issues its own statement thanking Casey for his recognition.
July 1: This is the earliest date that Midwest Fertilizer Corp. will have access to bond proceeds. Assuming the company has met the conditions of the bond agreement, the bond proceeds will be released to the company. At this point the bonds will be resold to new investors as long-term securities.
Late 2013: Estimated construction start date
Early 2016: Estimated start of plant operations
Sources: Congressional testimony, State of Delaware, Midwest Fertilizer Corp.'s "continuing disclosure" statements of Feb. 5 and March 8, bond application, Indiana governor's office, Tom Campbell, Dorsey & Whitney law firm blog (), referenced letters and statements
While Gov. Mike Pence is still hitting the pause button on a proposed Posey County fertilizer plant, the project's developers are lobbying federal, state and local officials to move the project forward — and proceeding as if the answer is yes.
The project hit a stumbling block in mid-January, after Pence learned of security concerns involving the company pushing the project, Pakistan-based Fatima Group.
Fatima has fertilizer factories in Pakistan, and the company's ammonium nitrate fertilizer from those plants has made its way into improvised explosive devices in Afghanistan, the same bombs that have killed many U.S. troops.
Fatima Group's U.S. adviser, Houston attorney Tom Campbell, said the company is moving ahead with confidence as it works to address that issue.
"We're very optimistic. We believe this is good for Indiana, good for Indiana farmers, and that the case for allowing this plan to go forward is compelling," Campbell said. "We've had the support of the state in the past and we expect to have it in the future."
Construction at the Port of Mount Vernon could begin this year, Campbell said, creating 2,500 construction jobs over three years and a permanent plant workforce of 300 or more.
Activity on the project was accelerating in recent months until state officials hit the brakes.
The group planning to build the plant is Midwest Fertilizer Corp., an entity Fatima Group established last September.
The Indiana Economic Development Corp. authorized an incentives package for the company in November, though the agency has not revealed details on the incentives or their value.
In December, the Indiana Finance Authority issued $1.3 billion in bonds to help finance the project. That money is currently in escrow and will become available to Midwest Fertilizer pending its completion of certain conditions.
"We are optimistic that the necessary conditions for construction can be met by July 1, 2013, which will allow the funds to be released for construction," Campbell said.
But in the same month that the bonds were issued, a U.S. military official made some public remarks about Fatima Group that led to Pence's uncertainty.
Lt. Gen. Michael Barbero testified before Congress in December that he'd come to view Fatima Group as "less than cooperative" in efforts reduce the misuse of its fertilizer.
Barbero's comments drew the attention of Gov. Mike Pence, and on Jan. 14 he instructed the IEDC to suspend state support for the project.
Pence's stance hadn't changed on Friday, when he visited Evansville and spoke at a Chamber of Commerce of Southwest Indiana luncheon.
After the luncheon, Pence said state support for the fertilizer project remains on hold.
"We continue to evaluate the appropriateness of Indiana's involvement in that project. Economic development is important, but as every Hoosier agrees, the safety and security of our troops is more important."
Noting that he recently met with Barbero in Washington, D.C. for a briefing on the issue, Pence said his office is "leaning very heavily on the counsel and direction of our military experts."
Fatima changing its product
Campbell said Fatima has taken significant steps to address Pence's security concerns.
For more than 18 months, Campbell said, Fatima has worked to develop a formula that makes its ammonium nitrate fertilizer ineffective as an ingredient in explosives.
The company believes it has come up with such a formula, Campbell said, and it invited U.S. Department of Defense scientists to come to Pakistan to test the new product. That could happen in several weeks, Campbell said, and the next step would be testing in the U.S.
If the new formula tests out, Campbell said, it would also be available to fertilizer companies around the world.
"This has the real promise of saving thousands of lives, and not just in Pakistan and Afghanistan but anywhere where ammonium nitrate fertilizer is used."
Fatima has also improved its product distribution protocol to reduce the chance that fertilizer reaches the wrong hands, Campbell said. The company has also ceased selling ammonium nitrate fertilizer in the Pakistani provinces that border Afghanistan — an area that represents about half of Pakistan, Campbell said.
In a letter dated Feb. 19 that Campbell provided to the Courier & Press, Fatima Group Chairman Fawad Ahmed Mukhtar wrote to Barbero confirming its new distribution protocol and the company's work to develop a nonexplosive replacement.
"My team and I remain available to you at all times should you need anything at all," Mukhtar wrote.
iPad users click here for timeline of fertilizer plant project
On Feb. 22, Barbero released a statement acknowledging Fatima Group's efforts, calling them "positive developments."
And on Wednesday, Sen. Bob Casey (D-Pa.) released a statement of his own. Casey is the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Near Eastern and South and Central Asian Affairs. He was the legislator who convened the congressional hearing at which Barbero testified.
In his statement, Casey said he'd been in contact with Fatima Group owners in recent weeks, and that their product control efforts were "very positive developments." Casey also noted Fatima's work on the new fertilizer formula.
These developments, Campbell said, should give Indiana enough confidence to move ahead with the Posey County plans.
"I think what the governor wanted to see was assurances from the general and assurances from Sen. Casey," Campbell said. "I think in these two documents, he's received it."
Problems by association
Fatima is a business that operates independent of the Pakistani government, Campbell said, but he acknowledged that this distinction sometimes is lost on observers.
"We have a challenge in that sometimes the Fatima Group is associated with Pakistan. We're not able to control what the Pakistani government does or the U.S. government does. All the Fatima Group can do is control its product to make it as safe and as least susceptible to misuse as possible."
"This (company) is a good, good group of people who are trying hard to do the right thing."
State support of the project is crucial to its moving forward, Campbell said.
"We need to have the total package, which includes the support of the state and local community. We want this to be a success for the community, and we want it to be a success for all of the investors. In order for that to happen, we all have to work together."
Campbell also noted that the project can't remain in limbo indefinitely.
"We haven't communicated a drop-dead deadline, but we have communicated that time is of the essence."
The project involves multiple investors, Campbell said — the bond holders, but also an "international consortium" of other investors from Europe, Japan and Singapore.
Investors won't want to stay involved with a project indefinitely without signs of progress, Campbell said.
"At some point, the other members of the consortium become discouraged, and they have other options."
A search firm has already begun trying to find management-level recruits, Campbell said, but that effort too depends on forward momentum.
"If we want to attract top-quality management, we have to be able to show them that this project is a good strong project."
Pence said Friday that he understands the company's concerns.
"There's some relevant timing with regard to various aspects of that deal, and we're sensitive to that timing," the governor said.
But concerns of timing, Pence said, won't trump safety concerns in his decision.
Pence did not give a timeline for when his office might make up its mind.
Greg Wathen, president and chief executive officer of the Economic Development Coalition of Southwest Indiana, said his organization is playing a part in collecting information for the state's decision.
"The due diligence is continuing," Wathen said, and no decision will happen until that process has concluded.
Wathen would not say what more is left to do in the due diligence process.
Why Posey County?
A combination of factors make Posey County appealing for large-scale manufacturing projects, Wathen said.
Those factors include its location, especially its proximity to the Ohio River; the Port of Mount Vernon and its infrastructure; the availability of large tracts of land; competitive industrial utility rates; and available natural gas infrastructure. Natural gas is an ingredient in fertilizer manufacturing.
Wathen and Campbell said the Posey County project is among similar projects popping up because of recent natural gas innovations.
Hydraulic fracturing, or "fracking," makes it possible for companies to extract natural gas deposits that were previously considered unreachable. The result: an abundant supply of natural gas.
"There are about 20 of these fertilizer project being shopped around the U.S.," Wathen said, adding that probably only a handful of the projects will come to fruition.
"It's not a question of whether they'll be built — it's where," Campbell said.
And Campbell said he's "quite simply committed" to making Posey County one of those sites. This project could be ready to go in September of this year. Everything is in place, if we can straighten out some of these apprehensions."
Need Help? Call us at 1-877-304-7771.
Monday-Friday: 6am-5pm / Saturday: 6am-11am / Sunday: 7am-NoonThe Texas shooting spree suspect killed by police on Sunday morning was a Marine who was wanted for questioning in a North Carolina murder, police said Monday.
Esteban J. Smith, 23, is accused of going on an overnight shooting rampage in Texas that left one person dead and several injured, including a local sheriff. The shootings came to an end when a highway patrol trooper and state game warden killed Smith in a firefight, said Tom Vinger, spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety.
Smith, who is stationed at Camp Lejeune Marine Corps Base, North Carolina, appeared to choose his victims at random, police said.
A Camp Lejeune spokesman, Master Sgt. J.D. Cress, said authorities were investigating a connection between the Texas shooting rampage and a homicide in Jacksonville, North Carolina, near the base.
Police said the Texas shooting spree happened over the course of 90 minutes in the early morning hours on Sunday, when highwa, and was wounded in a gunfight.
Three of the five people wounded in the shootings have been were treated in hospitals and discharged. Two others, including Sheriff Doane, are still in the hospital with non-life-threatening wounds.
Police said they found a handgun, assault rifle, and hundreds of rounds of ammunition in the vehicle of the Texas rampage shooting suspect.
Bring back the draft. All the armed services can attract these days in minorities and the country's misfits. And women who can't find a man.The Democrats are poised to make sweeping gains in both the Senate and the House of Representatives. They could get a filibuster-proof majority in the Senate, allowing them to launch a blizzard of reform legislation comparable only to the periods 1933-36 and 1965-66 in U.S. history.
The Democrats are challenging hard all across the nation, showing excellent prospects for carrying states in the presidential race and picking up House and Senate seats in states that have been Republican strongholds for a generation or longer.
Key bellwether states where the Dems are charging hard stretch all the way across the U.S. heartland that as recently as four years ago was a monolithic stronghold for President George W. Bush and the Republican majorities he still then enjoyed in both the House and the Senate.
Obama looks almost certain to make massive gains in the West and Southwest, long the strongest bastion of national conservative Republican free-market political forces. Polls indicate Obama has decisively won the battle for the Latino vote and, along with the defection of key white working-class voters, he appears poised to carry -- and chalk up House gains in -- New Mexico, Nevada and Colorado. Even McCain's home state of Arizona, which already has an able and popular Democratic governor in Janet Napolitano, could see Dem gains.
The Democrats look certain to surge from 50 seats in the Senate to at least 57, and quite possibly 59. Their hopes of getting the magic 60 figure, which would give them a filibuster-proof power to approve any government or Supreme Court nominations they want, hinge on, of all things, a comedian -- Al Franken, who is posing an unexpectedly strong challenge to veteran incumbent Republican Sen. Norm Coleman in Minnesota.
If Franken can pull off a dark horse victory there, as Sen. Jim Webb, D-Va., did two years ago, expect Democratic sweeps all across the board. We think he can.
Former Gov. Mark Warner also looks poised to carry Virginia for the Democrats in the Senate, giving them a lock on both Senate seats in the Old Dominion.
The Evans-Novak Political Report last week was frank about the dark outlook ahead for the GOP. "House Republicans face another slaughter. Democrats will make double-digit net gains, possibly pushing 30 seats. Many GOP incumbents are in danger, and Democrats are dominating in the open seats," it warned.
The ENPR concluded, "In the Senate, Democrats start with a gain of four seats, with another seven GOP-held seats in play. We predict 58 or 59 Senate Democrats in the next Congress, but 60 is within reach."
Democratic political strategists and pundits have been predicting a coming emerging long-term Dem majority for more than a decade. Even if there is a sweeping victory across the board this time, and even if a blizzard of legislation remakes the legal and political structure of America in the next two to four years, that is still far from inevitable.
If the expected huge Dem majorities in both houses of Congress deliver renewed prosperity and security, they could have a lock on power for a generation, as the Reagan Republicans, the Franklin Roosevelt New Deal Democrats and the Progressive Era Republicans did before them.
But if the Dem reform Congress fails to deliver on peace, security and prosperity, expect a new, probably populist, nationalist reaction, emphasizing protectionism and nationalism and secure borders to either take over the GOP or emerge as a formidable third party force by 2012.
The bottom line behind the Dem success is not the achievements of the Democratic-controlled 110th Congress, which has consistently shown even lower approval ratings than President Bush.
Nor are the coming Democratic gains powered by widespread enthusiasm for a reform agenda. Even before McCain started losing crucial ground because of his complete inability to credibly address the huge financial crisis that destroyed the main investment banks on Wall Street, polls were pointing to strong further Democratic advances at GOP expense in both house of Congress. The Congresses controlled by Dennis Hastert and Tom DeLay from 1998 to 2006 were already widely seen as no more than ATM machines for the GOP and K Street lobbyists.
Expect a transformation of Congress at least as big as 1994 or 1974 from the election results Tuesday -- probably even bigger. As Bob Dylan sang all those years ago, the times they are a-changin' -- again.BODY DOUBLE
This is a frightening, no, a chilling suspense that builds to a fever pitch. Another awesome tale from Tess Gerritsen!
Boston medical examiner Maura Isles returns home from a medical conference to police and emergency crews camped out in her front yard. Her friend and un-official partner in sleuthing, Detective Jane Rizzoli, thinks Maura has been murdered. So when the intrepid medical examiner turns up very much alive at the scene of her own murder, the question becomes who is Maura's slain look-alike?
Maura knows that she was adopted and soon now it's clear that she had a twin sister. But, was the intended victim Maura or the mystery twin? The trail leads Maura and Jane to prison cell and to a manipulative killer who may (or may not) be Maura's biological mother.
As Maura discovers her biological heritage may be wrapped in dark deceit and death, pregnant Jane's personal life is finally on track. Nonetheless, the team is back doing what they do best: uncovering the truth, no mater the cost.
(Aug., 352 pp., $24.95)
Reviewed by:
Jill M. SmithAt the seminars recently, we have been focusing on breathing and pleasure. We are using breathwork to enhance our enjoyment of life and the world, and to increase our happiness, and our love and acceptance of ourselves and each other.
A perfect style of Breathwork for supporting this is “Vivation,” or “the skill of happiness.” Jim Leonard developed this style of rebirthing. And in celebration of him and his legacy, I would like to give you a quick explanation of this practice and invite you to explore it.
There are five elements of Vivation:
1. Circular breathing
2. Complete relaxation
3. Awareness in detail
4. Integration into ecstasy
5. Do whatever you do; willingness is enough
There are some very powerful concepts built into the practice of Vivation. The first is that happiness is an inherent aspect of our nature and of existence.
That means that if you exist and let yourself be, you have all you need to be happy! And it means that if you are not happy, then you must be blocking your awareness of this inherent aspect of nature and existence: you must be resisting “what is as it is.”
Another powerful concept in Vivation is the difference between “content” and “context.”
Every experience has both content (it is what it is), and context (how we perceive what is, what meaning we give it, or what we tell ourselves about it). Most people think that happiness depends on the content of their experience, in other words: what happens. In fact, happiness actually depends on the context we create, in other words: the meaning we give to what happens.
We need not simply accept whatever context our mind conjures up, especially if it is one that causes suffering. In fact we can choose our context in any moment (we can tell our mind what to think). That is what the 4th element of Vivation is all about: choosing and changing our context (re-programing our emotional mind).
The practice of Vivation involves actively breathing in a circular rhythm: also called conscious connected breathing. There are no pauses or gaps between the breaths—inhales and exhales are connected in a continuous seamless rhythm.
While we are breathing in this connected circular way, we are also deliberately and continuously relaxing, while focusing on the physical sensations in our body. We are tracking the subtle changes in our energy, and consciously inhaling into the strongest feeling.
Vivation is about developing an energy rapport with the feelings and sensations that arise in us. It is a body-oriented practice: not a mental one. In other words, get out of your head: breathe and relax into your body.
We use three breathing rhythms in Vivation:
1. Fast and full
2. Slow and full
3. Fast and shallow
Use fast and full breathing to awaken our energy, to activate feelings and sensations. We use fast and full breathing if nothing is happening in our session (if we can’t “feel” anything), if we begin to space out, go unconscious, or fall asleep.
Use slow and full breathing to maximize our pleasure or enjoyment of something. Use slow full breathing to bring that pleasure to every cell of our body.
Use fast and shallow breathing when the energy is too intense, when the experience is too big to integrate all at once. In that case we shift to little quick baby breaths. We also use fast and shallow breathing just for the fun and pleasure of it. (Think happy dog!)
Think of the breathing this way: you decide to listen to music. If the volume is so low that you can’t hear it, or have to strain to hear it, it will be difficult to enjoy. On the other hand, if it’s too loud, even if it’s your favorite music, it will be difficult to enjoy.
Breathe deeply and quickly enough to activate energy, and the feelings and sensations that come up; but not so much that you struggle to enjoy them.
The final element in Vivation is about willingness. Do not wait to know how to enjoy something before you are willing to enjoy it. Willingness comes first. The how will follow. The truth is you can enjoy anything and everything. Willingness is enough.
Now, here’s a quick quiz to see if you understand main principle of Vivation:
Question: What is the right way to breathe during Vivation: thru the nose or mouth?
Answer: Which one feels better? Which one is more enjoyable? That’s the right way!
Good luck in your practice!
Dan
Dan Brulé has studied and practiced breathwork with more than 80,000 people in over 40 countries since 1976. His travel and teaching schedule is posted at.
“Breathing Deep - The Most Effective Way to Stay Healthy”
The Secret To Healthy Lungs Is In Your Veggies
***It’s Spring! Time to Breathe!
How Much Are Pole Dancing Classes-Pole Dance Studios
***Playing with the Breath!
***365: A Formula for Heart Health
***Three Convergences in Breathwork
***The Two Basics Aspects of Breathwork
***Ten Ways to Improve Your Breathing
***Rebirthing-Breathwork: A Proven Method for Healing and Transformation>> See All Articles On Breathing and Breathwork
Post new comment
Please Register or Login to post new comment.Carey Mulligan -- Oscars 2010 Red Carpet
Carey Mulligan looks dazzling on the red carpet at the 2010 Oscars held at the Kodak Theatre on Sunday (March 7) in Los Angeles.
The 24-year-old actress, who’s nominated for Best Actress for her role in An Education, chose a Prada black strapless dress with a voluminous skirt and train in “Raso Doppio Tec” – a unique material made of silk and for a modern look.
Carey paired her look with a black duchess satin hard case clutch and black pleated duchesse platform heels, also by Prada., CrunchGear and Jarrett House North
Discussion: Hands On
>>IMAGE,
Ed Burnette / Ed Burnette's Dev Connection: Apple shakes up iPod line
Jasmine France / Crave: The gadget blog: Photos: 2008 Apple iPods
>, CrunchGear and AppScout
>, Ars Technica, TUAW, TechSpot, Between the Lines, Paul Colligan's …, CrunchGear, Big Tech, Macenstein, Touch Arcade, Switched, DVICE, Mobilewhack.com, Byte of the Apple, The Tech Report, I4U News, Edge Online, Macworld, Technologizer, The Next Web and Gizmodo
Jose Vilches / TechSpot: Apple announces iTunes 8, new iPods
Larry Dignan / Between the Lines: Video: Apple's newest iPod Touch
Harry McCracken / Technologizer: Remoteblogging the Apple iPod Event
Boris Veldhuijzen van Zanten / The Next Web: Steve Jobs: “The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated”
Jason Chen / Gizmodo: Apple Let's Rock Event Coverage Starts Now
>: PC World, Portfolio, Infinite Loop, Tech Check with Jim Goldman, CNET News and Tech Trader Daily
Discussion:
Peter Cohen / PC World: Apple Promises Fewer Dropped Calls With IPhone 2.1
Kevin Maney / Portfolio: Has Apple Hit the Wall in Music Innovation?
Ina Fried / CNET News: Where do new iPods leave Zune?
Eric Savitz / Tech Trader Daily: Apple: Getting Ready To Rock
>, CNET News and Todd Watson
>, The Globe and Mail, GMSV and WebProNews
Discussion:
Mathew Ingram / The Globe and Mail: Google helps tank United's stock
John Murrell / GMSV: Near-fatal United nosedive started with an unexpected jerk
Mike Sachoff / WebProNews: United Airlines Stock Crashes On Old News
RELATED:
<<
Inside The UAL Story Debacle
Discussion: broadstuff, New York Times, InformationWeek and Christopher Null
Discussion:
Alan Patrick / broadstuff: HOW TO BREAK AN AIRLINE - BLOG ON OUT OF DATE DATA.
Micheline Maynard / New York Times: A Mistaken News Report Hurts United
Peter Hagopian / InformationWeek: Careful With That Publish Button, 1001 Noisy Cameras, Crave
_26<<, Virtualization.com, Know It All, The Inquisitr, The Register and Data Center Knowledge
Discussion:
Wade Roush / Xconomy: New York Times Looks Under VMware's Hood
Scott Ferguson / eWeek: VMware's Rosenblum Leaves Virtualization Company for Stanford
Scott M. Fulton, III / BetaNews: Virtualization: While Microsoft loses more time, VMware loses more execs
Thomas Claburn / InformationWeek: Microsoft Patch Tuesday Brings Four Fixes
Larry Seltzer / Security Watch: Four Critical Updates From Microsoft
: TechCrunch, Technology Live and Gearlog
Discussion:
Michelle Kessler / Technology Live: Tiny device uses motion sensors to track fitness
Lance Ulanoff / Gearlog: FitBit Trainer: Track Your Exercise, Health, and Even
_34<<
_36<<
NBC Universal Returns to the iTunes Store — All-Star Lineup Includes “Heroes,” “The Office,” “Battlestar Galactica” & “30 Rock” — Top Rated NBC Comedies & Dramas Now Available on iTunes in Stunning HD — Apple® and NBC Universal today announced the return of NBC programming …!Design: 767
Birthday Cheer Water Bottle Label
Personalized 20 Oz Water Bottle Label
STWPWT
Made to Order - 1 business day processing+shipping
Your Price: $0.79 each
Qty. of 1 - 11 price $0.79 each
Qty. of 12 + price $0.49 each
Description
Shipping
Dress up your water bottles with these fun personalized labels.
Our Birthday Cheer Water Bottle Labels will be the talk of your party! These Birthday Cheer Water Bottle Labels feature a multi colored polka dot design along with your special wording. Cheer Water Bottle Label" also viewedFrieza
this wiki
Directory: Characters → Villains → DBZ villains
Frieza (フリーザ) is one of the most significant villains in the Dragon Ball manga and the Dragon Ball Z anime. He also makes appearances in several Dragon Ball Z movies, as well as Dragon Ball GT episodes. Frieza is a galactic emperor of an unnamed race who runs the planet trade and is feared for his ruthlessness and power. He is the descendant of Chilled, the son of King Cold, the younger brother of Cooler, and the father of Kuriza. His name is a rephrase of "freezer."
Overview
Design and appearance
Frieza in his first form
According to Akira Toriyama, Frieza's design is an amalgamation of what he thought monsters looked like in his childhood. According to the Daizenshuu, Frieza was also inspired by Toriyama's second editor, Yū Kondō.. Frieza later confirms this while fighting the main protagonist, Goku. His forms seem to revolve around both western and Japanese concepts of demons. According to an interview done by Shonen Jump with Toriyama, Frieza's fourth form was made to look small and harmless because Toriyama wanted to go against the expectation that strong characters always get stronger and bigger; to switch between telling a straightforward story and an unconventional one.
Name pun
Like his brother and father, Frieza). It might also be a pun on him being more composed and serious than his brother, who would ergo be the "cooler" brother.
Introduction
Frieza is introduced in the series as a powerful galactic overlord who is involved in the Planet Trade Organization in which the Saiyans, the main antagonists prior, were members. He rules a vast empire that has control over what has been said to be over 79 planets up until his death (Vegeta visited Planet Frieza 79 briefly after his defeat on Earth. At the time, Frieza himself was using that planet as a base, but was absent while making his way to Namek. Not all Frieza-dominated worlds, such as Planet Vegeta, were numbered). While the manga and anime never specify exactly how large of a region Frieza oversees, only implying that he controlled at least 79 planets. However, his brother Cooler states that Frieza ruled the northern quadrant of the universe in the movie Dragon Ball Z: Cooler's Revenge.. After analyzing the Saiyans' battle against the Earth, his actions eventually lead him into conflict with the heroes of the series when he tries to take possession of the wish-granting Dragon Balls on Planet Namek. Though still no one could possibly contend with his power, Frieza's fears were realized when he caused the emergence of the mythical Super Saiyan and was defeated by him in a terrific, planet-shattering engagement. Goku, who had escaped Frieza's attempt to destroy the Saiyans, had become the Super Saiyan, ironically, through Frieza's own evil actions.
Personality. Like any of the other villains in Dragon Ball Z, Frieza also has an ego to match his power. He also has a sardonic wit and explains in "Face Off on Namek" that the three things he refuses to tolerate are cowardice, bad haircuts and military insurrection, and is quick to declare that Vegeta possesses all three of these qualities. Despite his cold-heartedness and numerous observations by other characters that he cares about no one but himself, Frieza does make several displays of respect towards his father, King Cold, implying that he is not threatened by family (especially considering it is stated in a Budokai Tenkaichi 3 biography that Cold is in fact stronger than Frieza; his mention of his parents being able to cause pain to his true form, as well as Piccolo's statement of a stronger power being with Frieza during his appearance on Earth before Future Trunks' appearance implies that this may be the case in the main series as well). However, even this respect is not absolute, as even after King Cold is introduced, Frieza continues to dub himself the most powerful being of his time, despite other characters being superior to him in strength, and even his own admission that his father was able to cause him pain in his final form.
Frieza mercilessly beats Vegeta
In a narrative sense, this serves as a counter to the simple-natured, peaceful personality of Goku, but whether this was done intentionally is unknown. Though often surprised, Frieza tends to react to situations quite evenly, and is only really driven over the edge once his full power starts to slip away and Super Saiyan Goku takes the upper hand in the final moments of their battle on Namek. Frieza takes full pride in his abilities, and often takes the opportunity to demonstrate them (e.g. not using limbs in some fights, killing enemies slowly, and so on).
Ironically, for all of Frieza's power and arrogance, he sometimes displays a paranoid attitude. He destroyed Planet Vegeta simply because of the growing myth of the existence of a Super Saiyan, though when the idea of one is brought up, he utterly denies believing in one.
It should also be noted that in the Japanese version and English Kai dub, unlike most other primary villains, Frieza uses very polite, eloquent language rather than the more tough-talking style of most of the other villains. Despite these traits, he is quite cold-hearted, almost to the point of being machine-like in nature. He tends to view most problems and situations in an intellectual manner, as opposed to a manner of life or death (largely because his immense power causes him to believe he can easily defeat anyone the old fashioned way if he chooses to). This leads him to underestimate his foes, resulting in his eventual downfall. As a narcissist, he tends to be quite confident both in his abilities and his mind, and reacts violently to criticism. Ultimately, Frieza could be viewed as yet another example of a Machiavellian inspired ruler, with ruthless determination to achieve power.
Biography
Genocide of the Saiyans
- Main article: Genocide of the Saiyans
Frieza had many races under his thumb in his planetary trade, but none were as prevalent as the Saiyans. Gifted with natural fighting ability, strength and the ability to become stronger after every battle, Saiyans became powerful weapons in Frieza's subjugation of planets. However, these very abilities made them a liability to the paranoid Frieza, afraid that, if left unchecked, the Saiyans could either unite and overwhelm him, or one day provide a warrior to rival Frieza himself. With the advice of his top henchman Zarbon, Frieza plans to wipe out the Saiyan race. He also ended up forcing King Vegeta into giving him his son, Vegeta, as part of their continued "cooperation", although King Vegeta secretly intended to betray Frieza before he could ever let him have his son.
Hearing the accomplishments of the low-level Saiyan Bardock and acting on his own fears of the Super Saiyan legend, Frieza resolves to eliminate all possible threats..
As Frieza arrived in the planet's orbit, Frieza suspected that the rest of the Saiyans will attempt to emulate King Vegeta's approach and commit a full-scale uprising, a suspicion confirmed when he was confronted by a charging Bardock, lunging through the fields of Frieza's men, and in defiance of the tyrant, even goes as far as to fire a Final Spirit Cannon at Frieza after giving a heart-felt speech declaring that the Saiyan race is going to stop working for Frieza. The tyrant retaliated by laughing maniacally with insane myth that was created, a meteor hit Planet Vegeta and destroyed it that very day. Another version).
Planet Namek
Frieza with his top two henchmen, Dodoria and Zarbon
Twenty-five years later, Frieza spies on Vegeta's scouter during the Saiyan, and he and Frieza attempted to summon the dragon,outer, so he speeds towards and arrives at Grand Elder Guru's home where he is confronted by Nail, the strongest of the Namekian warriors on the planet. Nail leads Frieza away from Guru, and fights Frieza, only for Frieza to horribly torture Nail, in an attempt to reveal the password of the Dragon Balls (and in the process, causes Guru's death under the strain of Frieza's torture). Frieza then leaves him to die after discovering the fight was a diversion for Dende to reveal the password to Krillin and Gohan as they take the Dragon Balls. Enraged, he follows in pursuit of the heroes only to find that Porunga, the Namekian Dragon is gone due to Guru's death. He confronts Vegeta, Krillin, Gohan, and Dende after Guru had passed away. He then faces off with a much more powerful Vegeta, who is now capable of possibly holding his own for a bit against Frieza's strength.
Spurred on by Vegeta, Frieza unveils his second form, allowing him to defeat Vegeta. After Frieza uses the Death Storm attack, he takes his time to decide who should die first, and chooses Krillin. He injures Krillin by impaling him and torturing him, then throwing Disk at his tail, chopping the tip of it off. Frieza chases Krillin in a diversion and returns to the others when Frieza decides to finish them off. Fortunately, Piccolo joins the battle - only slightly lesser in abilities to Frieza, because of his fusion with Nail.
As Piccolo and Frieza fought, Piccolo was revealed to be holding back because of his weighted clothing. Frieza, eager to demonstrate even more of his power to Piccolo, again transformed, unlocking more of his power. Piccolo tries to outrun Frieza, but Frieza's speed was too much for Piccolo. Frieza then brutally attacks Piccolo with his Crazy Finger Beam. Gohan again gets angry, and fires the Full Power Masenko, which Frieza struggles with, but eventually deflects back.."
In his new form, Frieza first killed Zenkai at his request, Vegeta announced himself as a Super Saiyan and fought was still far his superior and easily kicked the beam away. After Vegeta lost his hope, Frieza proceeds to punish him: Frieza tortures Vegeta by repeatedly punching Vegeta's spine while strangling him with his tail. As Piccolo, Krillin and Gohan watch in horror, in a sadistic manner, Frieza reminds them that they can assist Vegeta if they want to. Just as Frieza giant.
With everyone believing the warlord to be dead, the heroes take the time to relax, until Krillin noticed that Frieza had emerged from the blast's crater, retali.
In the ensuing battle, Super Saiyan Goku and Frieza trade blows, but as the fight progresses, Frieza's 50% power clearly proves to be less than adequate against the Super Saiyan; even his Death Beams at that level have little effect on the newly empowered Saiyan. In frustration, Frieza sends a Death Ball into the core of the planet, starting a chain reaction that would.Template:Fact and his attack and ravages what remains of him in the process.
Reconstruction and Death was salvaged, and reconstructed with cybernetic enhancements, leaving him scarred and bitter. Knowing he was vaporized in an effortless blast. King Cold meets the same fate, with the youth obliterating him with the God Breaker when the tyrant tries to attack him. Despite this, the common myth throughout the universe remains that Goku defeated Frieza on Namek.
Frieza's cells were collected by Dr. Gero's remote tracking device and used to create Cell, who notably gained Frieza's Death Beam. In the alternate future timelines of Future Trunks and Cell, it is implied that Future Goku used Instant Transmission to teleport to Earth and kill Frieza and his father King Cold instead of Trunks.
After death
King Cold and Frieza in Hell
After his death, Frieza makes numerous cameo appearances throughout the remainder of the series from Hell. His first (and most major) role was teaming up with Cell and causing trouble in Hell, along with King Cold and the dead members of the Ginyu Force.[1].
Later, Frieza is shown observing Goku's fight with Kid Buu alongside other defeated villains from the series, even saying "I could have done the same thing if I hadn't lost both my legs!" When Frieza sees Goku winning against Kid Buu via the Spirit Bomb, he remarks "Why am I not surprised?"
Cell and frieza attacked goku. opposite colours
In Dragon Ball GT, Bazooka,.
2015 Movie Revival of Frieza
Frieza, is suppose to make an appearance in the Dragon Ball Z 2015 Movie revival of Frieza. He will be the main antagonist, and will some how achieve a god like power. Beerus and Whis will feature in the film. Notmuch is known of the film, rather then it is coming out in Japan on April 18th, and the plot.
Power
Frieza's power level in his first form is stated to be 530,000. When he transforms into his second form, his power jumps to "over 1,000,000" (he has the power of ten Friezas according to one of Piccolo's remarks, which would make his power 5,300,000 in his second form). In the series, when transforming into his second form, he continues to power up as he fights, only to transform again when outmatched by Piccolo. His power level in his third form is not stated in the manga/anime, and his final form has a power level of 120,000,000 at 100% of full power according to the Daizenshuu 7 and several video games (Dragon Ball Z: Scouter Battle Taikan Kamehameha states that Frieza's power level is 120,000,000 in his Final form, due to the fact that his 100% full power form does not appear). At 50% power (around 60,000,000), Frieza is able to cope with Goku's Kaio-ken x10, but a Kaio-ken x20 gives him trouble (Goku's 3,000,000 x 20=60,000,000 which roughly equals Frieza's 50%). In the manga, Frieza is able to land a few hits on Super Saiyan Goku, but is completely outclassed overall. In the anime, on the other hand, Frieza at 100% power is able to battle nearly evenly against Super Saiyan Goku (whose power level was 150,000,000), and even takes a slight advantage. However, because of the power output, his 100% power slowly drains, leading to his defeat. When he arrives on Earth in his mecha form, he states that he could probably defeat Super Saiyan Goku by himself and when fighting Super Saiyan Future Trunks, Frieza incorrectly believed that only 50% of his power was enough to defeat him while it is Future Trunks who easily defeated him.
Several RPG games provide different power levels for Frieza. In Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza, his power level is 20,000 in his first form, 30,000 in his second form, 40,000 in his third form, and 50,000 in his final form. In Dragon Ball Z: Legend of the Super Saiyan, Frieza is at a maximum of 530,000 in his first form, he is at 1,000,000 in his second stage, and his power is 1,550,000 in his third form. Once reaching his final form, Frieza's power level raises to 1,700,000, and 3,000,000 at 100% power. In Dragon Ball Z: Goku Gekitōden, his power level is 250,000 in his first form, 530,000 in his second form, 1,100,000 in his third form, 2,500,000 in his final form, and 5,000,000 at 100% power. In Dragon Ball Z: Sagas, his power level during his final battle with Goku is stated to be 12,000,000 (this could be derived from an error in the early translation of the Daizenshuu where it was stated to be 12,000,000 instead of the correct 120,000,000).
Several fighting games show Frieza as having improved vastly, with a promotional movie for Dragon Ball Heroes showing him fighting on par with Super Saiyan Goku and the two Saiyan Heroes using his final form base power. In Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai, Frieza defeats Legendary Super Saiyan Broly behind the scenes (Legendary Super Saiyan Broly was shown to give Super Saiyan 3 Goku trouble, meaning that Frieza had increased to be around equal to Super Saiyan 3 Goku in power) and he uses his evil energy in order to vastly power himself up, giving himself unlimited energy; when this happens he briefly reclaims his title of strongest in the universe. In Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2, Mecha Frieza's Galaxy mode boss suggests that Mecha Frieza at 100% is on par with a Super Saiyan 2.
According to Scouter Battle Taikan Kamehameha, Frieza's power level in Final form is 143,994,141 during the Super 17 Saga.
Techniques and special abilities
- Flight – The ability of flight through the manipulation of ki.
- Ki Blast – The most basic form of energy wave.
- Eye Laser – Precise laser-like beam shot from the eyes. Mild potency, but fast and able to nullify lesser attacks and small projectiles, as well as destroy weaker opponents and obstacles. It was used by Frieza to enter the hut of the Namekian Grand Elder, Guru, while seeking the Dragon Balls, in battle with Goku, and against King Vegeta's Elite Saiyan army who would try to save Prince Vegeta from Frieza (just after he killed King Vegeta with one blow and shortly before he destroyed Planet Vegeta).
- Invisible Eye Blast – An invisible ki blast shot from the eyes. Used against Goku, who counters and cancels it out with the same technique.
- Death Beam – Also known as Frieza Beam, this is Frieza's favored killing technique. He extends one arm and fires a small, bullet-like beam of ki from his index finger. It is able to be fired very quickly while maintaining precise aim. It can vary from either an explosion or piercing attack; killing Dende and Vegeta, respectively in this fashion, and also heavily wounds Piccolo. Called Death Beam in the U.S. releases of recent Dragon Ball Z video games. His third form uses a variant of this attack called Crazy Finger Beam where he fires continuous Death Beams all at once. This attack was used on Piccolo during the Frieza Saga.
- Barrage Death Beam – A rapid-fire version of the Death Beam.
- Death Comet – A technique used by Frieza during Namek Saga. When Frieza is unable to control his anger at the fact that Vegeta stole his Dragon Balls, he starts firing massive spheres of energy that demolish the Namekian countryside.
- Whirlwind Blow – Frieza used this attack against three Namekians by lightly blowing, which produced strong winds that formed a tornado. Since he was seen to only use this once in his weakest form, it may hint he only uses it on feeble opponents.
- Punishing Rush – This is a rush attack used by Frieza in the Budokai Tenkaichi video game series. Part of this attack was used in Frieza's fight with Nail in the Frieza Saga. Frieza uses a technique very similar, called Meteor Crash, in the Budokai video game series (not to be confused with Goku's Meteor Crash).
Frieza charging a Death Beam
- Death Ball – Frieza creates.
- Supernova – A more powerful version of the Death Ball used by both Frieza and his brother Cooler. Used by Frieza when he destroyed Planet Vegeta and the second time against Future Trunks. The name of the technique comes from the Budokai Tenkaichi video game series.
- Destroy The Planet! – A variation of the Death Ball Frieza used in an attempt to destroy Planet Namek following Goku's transformation to Super Saiyan. However, he held back too much power, resulting in the planet being nearly destroyed. Named in Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3.
- 100% Death Ball – Only used once by Frieza, this enormous pink energy sphere covered with electricity was thrown at Goku who was underwater at the time. Though Goku was able to punch it into space, it still hit another planet, destroying it faster than any planet destruction in DBZ history. This attack was never used in the manga, as Frieza was afraid of being caught in the destruction of Namek.
- Punishing Blaster – Frieza fires a pink energy wave at the opponent. He used this technique against Piccolo (who had merged with Nail) in his 2nd form. The name comes from Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2, and is his Blast 2 in his 2nd form. It also appears in Budokai Tenkaichi 3 and the Raging Blast games.
- Death Storm – A variation of the Exploding Wave used by 2nd Form Frieza. Its name comes from the Budokai Tenkaichi video games. Also used in Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza and Dragon Ball Z: Legend of the Super Saiyan.
- Killer Ball – A Full Power Energy Barrage Wave used by Frieza several times during his battle against the Z Fighters on Namek. Named in the Budokai series, and also used in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.
- HAIL Frieza – Frieza impales the opponent with his horn and tosses them away, only to blast them with a Punishing Blaster. He used this attack to heavily injure Krillin. It is named in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.
-. He uses this ability many times in rapid succession to quickly defeat Piccolo after transforming into this third form.
- Transformation – This is Frieza's ability to morph himself from a weaker state to a more powerful one. These transformations were originally a containment of his true power, with his actual form being what's commonly referred to as "Final". In all, Frieza demonstrated three transformations and four altered states, overlooking his bulk at 100% power and cyborg augmentation.
- Kiai – One of the techniques Frieza against Super Saiyan Goku. At 50% power, it was enough to stun Goku for several minutes. Also used in the Butōden series.
- Telekinesis – Frieza has strong psychokinetic powers, allowing him to freely levitate objects, such as boulders and Dragon Balls so that he does not have to carry them himself. He can even lift or move large objects through the air and blow up objects as big as mountains with only his mind. Used in his fight with Goku in the manga/anime series, and called Psychokinesis in the Budokai Tenkaichi series, where he uses it in his first, final, and 100% Power forms.
- Psycho Beam (サイコビーム) – One of Frieza psychokinetic techniques in Legend of the Super Saiyan.
- Psycho Blast – Using his telekinesis, Frieza lifts and throws rocks at his opponent. Used against Goku.
- Imprisonment Ball – A special attack used on Goku, where he captures his opponent in a ball of energy they cannot break out of. Frieza can manipulate this ball as much as he wants, but it explodes as soon as it touches any surface other than Frieza himself. It is called Psylock Smasher in Budokai Tenkaichi 2. Also, a similar attack is used in Budokai Tenkaichi 3, called I might die this time (perhaps due to that being any victim's thoughts), in which Frieza shoots some rocks at the opponent, and if it hits, uses the Imprisonment Ball, and throws the opponent to the ground.
- I Won't Let You Escape with Your Life! – Frieza's version of one of Vegeta's deadly attacks, Dirty Fireworks. Frieza shoots a small energy sphere into the opponent, lifts them up with telekinesis, then detonates the opponent by clenching his fist. He has used this technique to kill Krillin.
- Death Wave – A powerful long blade-like energy beam Frieza creates with two of his fingers and that can slice through anything, as stated by Frieza. Named in the Budokai series, it is also called Energy Cutter and Fissure Slash.
- Frieza Invisible Blast – A variation of Frieza's Fissure Slice that is present within Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Battle 22, where he forms an invisible arcing blast towards his opponent.
- 50% Power – A rush attack used by Frieza in his final form against Goku. and charges at the enemy. He uses this when he reaches 100%. The name of this attack is taken from the Budokai Tenkaichi games.
- Death Saucer – Similar to the normal Destructo Disk (most commonly used by Krillin), Frieza's are faster, a different color (purple), and can be controlled remotely. Frieza creates two of these to hound Goku until he's sliced in half by his own attack. It is called Death Saucer in Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi video game series.
- Death Cannon – A more powerful form of Death Beam shot from the palm of the hand. Used by Frieza only in his Final form and 100% Power form.
- You Will Die By My Hand! – The name given to the blast Frieza used in a final attempt to kill Goku, who countered with the Angry Kamehameha. The name is taken from the Budokai Tenkaichi series.
- Tail Attack – Frieza can attack his opponents using his powerful tail. He uses this to strangle Vegeta, and later to strangle Goku.
- Ruthless Blow – An attack used by Mecha Frieza where he impales his opponent with his right hand. Mecha Frieza used this attack to kill one of King Cold's soldiers after all the other soldiers were sliced up by Future Trunks' sword.
- Death Blaster – A Full Power Energy Wave used by Mecha Frieza against Super Saiyan Trunks.
- Fly Away – Frieza shoots a large wave of purple energy across the stage left to right. He uses this attack in the video game Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors.
-.
- Super Explosive Wave – A technique used by Mecha Frieza in the video game Dragon Ball: Raging Blast.
- Cold Family Power – A team attack where both he and King Cold attack the opponent as a team followed, by King Cold finishing off the opponent with a Dirty Slash and an energy blast. It is King Cold's Ultimate Blast in Budokai Tenkaichi 3.
- Freeze Storm – A combo move where Cooler and Mecha Frieza create a blizzard and fire it at the opponent. Used Supersonic Warriors 2.
- Hell Bazooka –.
- Absolute Evil – A team attack used by Frieza and Cell in Supersonic Warriors 2.
- Power Up – One of Frieza's techniques in Legend of the Super Saiyan and the Budokai Tenkaichi series.
- Frieza Head Smash – One of Frieza's attacks named the Butōden series.
- Tail Whip – Using his tail, Frieza catches and throws his opponent. Used in the Butōden series.
- Tail Smash – Frieza hits his opponent with his tail. Used in the Butōden series. Named Super Tail Hit in Dragon Ball GT: Final Bout.
- Kick Combo – Frieza attacks his opponent only with his feet. Named in Final Bout, it is also Frieza's throw move in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.
- Sly Downward Hit – A diving kick followed by a tail hit. One of his techniques in Final Bout.
-. In Supersonic Warriors 2, "Evil Dance" is the name of Mecha Frieza's Barrage Death Beam technique.
- Rocket Launcher – A device which can launch missiles and mines. It is mounted on Mecha Frieza's right shoulder in the video game Super Dragon Ball Z.
- Kamehameha – Frieza used this technique in Super Dragon Ball Z.
- Round Dash – Frieza circles his opponent and fires energy attacks. Used in Super Dragon Ball Z.
- Sonic Warp – Frieza does rapid movement that looks like he teleports, similar to the Afterimage Technique. He uses the technique several times during his battle against Goku on Namek. Named in Super Dragon Ball Z, and Wild Sense the Raging Blast games.
- Crack Bomb – Cyborg Frieza fires an explosive from the cybernetic part on his shoulder. Used in Super Dragon Ball Z.
- Warp Whip – A devastating throw used by Cyborg Frieza in Super Dragon Ball Z.
- Pump Up – One of his Blast 1 in his first form in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.
-.
- Full Power – One of his Blast 1 in his final form in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.
- Long awaited-for 100% – One of his Blast 1 in his 100% Power form in the Budokai Tenkaichi series.
Other traits and abilities
- Frieza has the ability to survive even the most horrifying injuries, a trait which was passed onto Cell. However, while minor injuries seem to be of minor nuisance to him, unlike the other two major villains of the series, he is completely unable to regenerate lost body parts, though his tail stump seems to cope with the bleeding after some time.
- Frieza can breathe without atmospheric air, enabling him to survive in space, which is why he is not afraid to attack a planet with the Death Ball.
- He also seems to be unable to sense the ki of other people, like the rest of his minions, who use Scouters as a compromise. However, he demonstrated this when he began fighting Goku with 50% of his power.
- Frieza can extend and retract his tail to great distances.
Forms and transformations
Over time, Frieza's power became so great that his body could not comfortably contain it, and a series of physical transformations were developed to limit his actual strength. While other beings in Dragon Ball Z transform to increase their power, Frieza transforms to control and contain it. His true form is his fourth form, with each of his other transformations meant to restrict his power and conceal it from his enemies. Frieza even says upon transforming to his second state that he has a harder time controlling himself and his power due to the immensity of his current strength. That would suggest that the second and third forms are mere physical augmentations which would allow Frieza to build enough strength to revert to his true form. While changing shape from his "first-form", each alteration builds on the previous.
In all, Frieza demonstrated four transformed states, each with increasing power (some larger than others and each resulting in different physical attributes). Frieza may also use these transformations to purposely decrease his power in order to torment his opponents by giving them a false sense of hope.
In the new Dragon Ball Z 2015 movie Frieza is revived, and will reach a god like state. Not much is known of this state, rather then it's existence.
First Form
In his first form, Frieza is a relatively short humanoid being, albeitbands with brown sections with lines on the front. He has red eye pupils and his lips are darker red. He wears the same upper-body armor and shorts that many of his subordinates (including the Saiyans) are shown to wear. While traveling, he often gives the appearance of weakness by exclusively using his hoverchair for transportation, leaving his henchmen to do his "dirty work". In this form, Frieza appears to be very small in height, which is shown to be true on the rare occasions that he emerges from his hover-chair. His power level has been stated to be 530,000 by himself in the manga, when he fought Nail and in the Japanese and English versions of Dragon Ball Kai.
Second Form
His second form is similar in appearance to the first, except much larger, both in height and muscle mass, which can be clearly seen on his chest and stomach areas. Frieza claims to have at least doubled his power in this state, which he has stated is over 1,000,000.. In this form, he somewhat resembles his father King Cold. In the English anime, this form is referred to as his true first form, probably because of his father's form.
Third Form
Frieza in his third form
Frieza's third form is again (which leads us to believe that Frieza, even only in his second form, had been more than enough to trample over any fighter he had come across in the universe). Although powerful, Frieza spent less time in this form than in any other form; spanning only one episode in the uncut version. In the FUNimation Dub, Frieza's voice in this form is essentially the same as his second form with a voice effect added to give him more of an alien-like voice (sounds like his first and second forms together). For the Season 3 Box Set, this effect was removed making him sound exactly the same as his second form. In Dragon Ball Z Kai, however, his voice is much deeper, similar to Cooler in his final form.
Final Form
Frieza in his final form
This, cheeks, and tail are no longer pink along with his lilac skin on his face, neck, hands, and feet..
100% Power
When Frieza attains 100% strength in his final form, it greatly increases his muscle mass (without lowering his speed). At 100%, this is literally the peak of Frieza's potential and the maximum amount of power his body can output; his muscle mass becomes engorged compared to his previously sleek frame. With absolute strength, he is able to make Super Saiyan Goku struggle during the final battle on Planet Namek. However, due to his prior damage and the strain on his body, he is not able to fight at maximum capacity for long, slowly weakening. Also, Goku says he was holding back to test the limits of Frieza's full power. Freeza's power level in this form is 120,000,000.
Mecha Frieza
Frieza in his synthetic state
Mecha Frieza (メカフリーザ) is Frieza rebuilt with cybernetic enhancements by scientists under the order of King Cold after what remained of the still-living Frieza was salvaged after being physically ruined while caught in Planet Namek's explosion after his defeat. The whole of the lower half of his body and right side of his face was replaced with scarring and metal accouterments covering what little was left of his organic self. These enhancements allowed him to exceed the limits imposed by his fully organic form, though by how much or in what way is unknown. In the original manga, Gohan mentioned that he was nowhere near the power he displayed against Goku, but Vegeta said he was much stronger than before. In the FUNimation Remastered Box Sets, as well as the English dubbed version of Dragon Ball Kai, this form has a slight mechanical sound to his voice. In the PS2 game Super Dragon Ball Z, a new design for Mecha Frieza (called Cyborg Frieza in-game) was created by Akira Toriyama: this form has a rocket launcher mounted on his shoulder, the ammunition for which are stored behind his other shoulder, and his tail is upgraded with sharp blades.
Majin Frieza
Frieza appears in this form in Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 2. In the story mode, he and Cell are revived and turned into Majins by Babidi, and are once again beaten by Goku and the other Z Fighters. Frieza's power increases greatly in this form, to the point of being able to fight Super Saiyan 3 Goku. When Majin Buu kills Babidi, Frieza and Cell turn back to their old selves and do not remember anything of being controlled by Babidi. After that, they are beaten again and go back to Hell. Majin Frieza is also a starter character in Dragon Ball Z 2 V. His appearance while under Babidi's control also differs in that, besides his bearing the Majin mark on his forehead, he also has a facial tic where his right eye is widely opened and his left eye is squinted.
Other appearances
Movies and TV specials
Frieza appears in the following Dragon Ball Z movies and television specials:
During the TV Special, Frieza mulls over the Saiyans' increasing power until Zarbon advises his master to eliminate Bardock and his team..
Frieza only appears at the start of the movie, which is identical to the scene towards the end of Bardock - The Father of Goku in which he destroys Planet Vegeta. Cooler watches him from his spaceship and scolds his brother for not seeing the escaping Attack Ball containing baby Goku. After this he is mentioned a few times by various characters.
Frieza appears in the OVA (and later in the recycling of its animation into the Playdia game) Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans and its remake Plan to Eradicate the Super Saiyans. In it, Frieza is resurrected as a Ghost Warrior, with he and past villains Cooler, Turles, and Lord Slug attacking Goku and his friends. Once it is revealed these are merely Ghost Warriors meant to distract the heroes, the Ghost Warrior Frieza and his allies are easily dealt with.
When Janemba appears, the dead are revived and they all escape to.
- Other movies
Frieza's destruction of Planet Vegeta is shown from another point of view in Dragon Ball Z: Broly - The Legendary Super Saiyan (DBZ Movie #8) and Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock, and both Rasin and Lakasei from Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might (DBZ Movie #3) believe they would be strong enough to challenge Frieza after eating the fruit of the tree. Mecha Frieza appears in the credits of Dragon Ball Z: Wrath of the Dragon, being sliced by Future Trunks. Frieza is mentioned in Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Gods, when the God of Destruction Bills awakens from a long slumber and asks if Frieza destroyed Planet Vegeta during his nap and is then told that a Saiyan (Goku) defeated Frieza. He is then shown when Bills and Whis watch the past battle between Super Saiyan Goku and Frieza on Namek.
Manga bazooka Nekomajin chapter "Neko Majin Z 3", published in August 2003 (Monthly Shōnen Jump, 2003, #9), Frieza is mentioned by Vegeta who tells Onio and Kuriza (Frieza's son) that he came because Frieza ordered him to.
Frieza also appears briefly in the first chapter of the spin-off manga Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock, seen destroying Planet Vegeta.
Video game appearances
All games are listed in chronological order of release.
- Dragon Ball Z: Kyōshū! Saiyan (Famicom) – Cameo at the end of the game.
- Dragon Ball Z II: Gekishin Freeza (Famicom) – Appears in First and Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z III: Ressen Jinzōningen (Famicom) – Appears in Final and Mecha Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Legend of the Super Saiyan (Super Famicom) – Appears in all forms except Mecha
- Dragon Ball Z Gaiden: Saiyajin Zetsumetsu Keikaku (Famicom) – Appears in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Gekitō Tenkaichi Budōkai (Famicom) – Playable in all forms except Mecha
- Dragon Ball Z: Super Butōden (SNES) – Playable in 100% Final Form
- Cult Jump (Game Boy)
- Dragon Ball Z: Super Gokuden: Kakusei-Hen (Super Famicom) – Second and Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Goku Gekitōden (Game Boy) – Playable in First and Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Buyū Retsuden (Sega Mega Drive) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z (Arcade)
- Dragon Ball Z: Idainaru Son Goku Densetsu (PC-Engine) – Appears in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Battle 22 (PlayStation) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Hyper Dimension (SNES) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z Gaiden: Shin Saiyajin Zetsumetsu Keikaku - Chikyū-Hen (Playdia) – Appears in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: The Legend (PlayStation, Sega Saturn) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball GT: Final Bout (PlayStation) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: The Legacy of Goku (Game Boy Advance) – Appears in all forms except Mecha Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Legendary Super Warriors (Game Boy Color) – Appears in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Budokai (GameCube, PlayStation 2) – Playable in First, Final, 100% and Mecha Form
- Dragon Ball Z: The Legacy of Goku II (Game Boy Advance) – Appears in Final Form and Mecha Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 2 (GameCube, PlayStation 2) – Playable in Final, Mecha and Majin Form
- Dragon Ball Z 2 V (PlayStation 2) – Playable in Final, Mecha and Majin Form. Also playable as Kuriza and Cooler.
- Dragon Ball Z: Taiketsu (Game Boy Advance) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors (Game Boy Advance) – Playable in Final Form and Mecha Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Budokai 3 (PlayStation 2) – Playable in all forms except Majin
- Data Carddass Dragon Ball Z (Arcade) - Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Sagas (GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox) – Appears in First, Second, and Final Form
- Jump Super Stars (Nintendo DS) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi (PlayStation 2) – Playable in all forms except Majin
- Data Carddass Dragon Ball Z 2 (Arcade) – Playable in First Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors 2 (Nintendo DS) – Playable in Final and Mecha Form
- Super Dragon Ball Z (PlayStation 2) – Playable in Final Form and Mecha Form redesigned by Akira Toriyama
- Battle Stadium D.O.N (GameCube, PlayStation 2) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z TV game (Pinball mode) – Appears in all forms except Mecha
- Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2 (PlayStation 2, Wii) – Playable in all forms
- Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai (PSP) – Playable in Final Form and 100% Final Form
- Jump Ultimate Stars (Nintendo DS) – Playable in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Battle Taikan Kamehameha – Appears in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Battle Taikan Kamehameha 2 – Appears in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Scouter Battle Taikan Kamehameha – Appears in Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Bakuretsu Impact (Arcade) – Playable in First Form, Second Form, Third Form, Final Form, Mecha Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai - Another Road (PSP) Playable in Final and 100% Final Form
- Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu (Nintendo DS) – Appears in all forms
- Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 3 (PlayStation 2, Wii) – Playable in all forms but Mecha is a separate character.
- Dragon Ball Z: W Bakuretsu Impact (Arcade)
- Dragon Ball Z: Burst Limit (PlayStation 3, Xbox 360) – Playable in all forms except Mecha Form (who appears in a cutscene).
- Dragon Ball Z: Infinite World (PlayStation 2) – Playable in all forms. Also appears in two Minigames.
- Dragon Ball Z: Dragon Battlers (Arcade) – Playable in all forms.
- Dragon Ball Z: Attack of the Saiyans (Nintendo DS) – Cameo at the end of the game.
- Dragon Ball: Raging Blast (PlayStation 3, Xbox 360) – Playable in all forms except Mecha Form
- Dragon Ball Online (Computer)
- Dragon Ball Z: Tenkaichi Tag Team (PSP)
- Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2 (PlayStation 3, Xbox 360) – Playable in all forms
- Dragon Ball Heroes (Arcade)
- Dragon Ball Kai: Ultimate Butōden (Nintendo DS)
- Dragon Ball: Zenkai Battle Royale (Arcade) – Playable in Final Form (w/ Mecha Frieza as an alternate costume).
- Dragon Ball Z: Ultimate Tenkaichi (PlayStation 3, Xbox 360)
- Dragon Ball Z For Kinect (Xbox 360)
- Dragon Ball: Tap Battle (Android2.3, iOS)
- Dragon Ball Z: Battle of Z (Xbox 360, PlayStation 3, PlayStation Vita)
What-if scenarios
In Dragon Ball Z: Supersonic Warriors, there is an what-if timeline ship. Frieza returns when the world has been decimated by the Androids and uses his new power to kill Future Trunks and Goku (who escaped the explosion of Namek). Frieza then takes their Dragon Balls and becomes the Immortal King of the Universe. Dragon Ball Z: Budoki seases fighting Cooler to check. Frieza proceeds to battle Zarbon and Goku before leaving to fight Cooler again. Frieza and Cooler begin fighting at maxiumum power, and end up destroying Namek.
Other media
Frieza has made numerous appearances in other media. He has appeared in Japanese commercials, notably for the video game.
In the manga Black Cat, the character Sven Vollfied is often seen using his cell phone. At the top of the phone's wrist strap is a miniature-sized badge of Frieza's head. A caricature of Frieza mixed with a Greys was parodied as a mech pilot in an episode of Magical Shopping Arcade Abenobashi. The anime Yakitate!! Japan featured a spoof re-enactment of the fight between Goku and Frieza, with a character clad in a refrigerator representing the latter. The Cartoon Network staple Codename: Kids Next Door had a parody of their own of the climactic fight and the Frieza character, with the Delightful Children From Down the Lane portraying him as a multi-headed monstrosity.
Major Battles
Manga and Anime
- Frieza (1st form) vs. King Vegeta
- Frieza (1st form) vs. Bardock
- Frieza (1st form) vs. Nail
- Frieza (1st form) vs. Vegeta
- Frieza (2nd form) vs. Krillin
- Frieza (2nd form) vs. Gohan
- Frieza (2nd form) vs. Piccolo (Fused with Nail)
- Frieza (2nd form) vs. Vegeta
- Frieza (3rd form) vs. Piccolo (Fused with Nail)
- Frieza (3rd form) vs. Gohan
- Frieza (4th form, 1%) vs. Vegeta
- Frieza (4th form, 1-50%) vs. Goku
- Frieza (4th form) vs. Piccolo (Fused with Nail)
- Frieza (4th form, 70%) vs. Super Saiyan Goku
- Frieza (4th form, 100%) vs. Super Saiyan Goku
- Frieza (4th form, 50%) vs. Gohan
- Frieza (4th form, 100%) vs. Super Saiyan Goku
- Frieza (Mecha) vs. Super Saiyan Future Trunks
- Frieza (4th form) vs. Pikkon
- Frieza (4th form) and Perfect Cell vs. Kid Goku
Movies and Specials
- Frieza (1st form) vs. Bardock (Bardock: Father of Goku and Episode of Bardock)
- Frieza (4th form) vs. Gohan (Fusion Reborn)
- Ghost Warrior Frieza (4th form) vs. Super Saiyan Trunks and Super Saiyan Vegeta (Plan to Eradicate the Saiyans and Plan to Eradicate the Super Saiyans)
- Frieza (4th form, 100%) vs. Super Saiyan Goku (Kyutai Panic Adventure!)
Video Game stories
- Frieza (4th form) vs. Legendary Super Saiyan Broly (Shin Budokai).[2][3]
- Saiyans – Frieza killed the Saiyans with a Supernova, destroying the Planet Vegeta.
- Namekians – Killed many during the war on Namek. They were later revived with the Dragon Balls.
- Cargo (manga only) – Killed by Frieza with an energy blast over Moori's shoulder. He was later revived with the Dragon Balls with the rest of the Namekians.
-.
- Krillin – Frieza lifted him into the air using telekinesis and blew him up when he clenched his fist, inducing Goku's first Super Saiyan transformation. He was later revived with the Namekian Dragon Balls. (Note: This was Krillin's second time dying, as he was killed by Tambourine in Dragon Ball).
- Unnamed Captain – Killed by Frieza, who pierced him with his hand from behind after he retreated from Future Trunks.
- Broly - Killed by Frieza behind the scenes in the story mode of Shin Budokai when they began fighting over the location of the Dragon Balls.
Voice actors
- Japanese dub: Ryūsei Nakao
- English dub of Dragon Ball GT: Final Bout: Eddie Frierson
- English Ocean Group dub: Pauline Newstone
- English FUNimation dub: Linda Young (DBZ, games, DBZ Kai ep. 1), Chris Ayres (DBZ Kai ep. 19 onwards, Dragon Ball: Raging Blast 2)
- English Blue Water dub: Maureen Jones (DBGT)
- Spanish dub (Latin America): Gerardo Reyero (DBZ, DBGT), Ricardo Brust (DBZ Episode 44), Dafnis Fernández (DBZ Kai), Enrique Cervantes (Bardock - The Father of Goku)
- Spanish dub (Spain): Ángel Corpa
- Portuguese dub (Brazil): Carlos Campanile
- Portuguese dub (Portugal): Ricardo Spínola
- Danish dub: Peter Secher Schmidt
- French dub: Philippe Ariotti
- German dub: Thomas-Nero Wolff
- Italian dub: Gianfranco Gamba
- Polish dub: Marek Obertyn
- Croatian dub: Sven Jakir
- Hungarian dub: Cs.Németh Lajos
- Catalan dub: Jordi Vilaseca (DBZ, DBGT), Domènech Farell (DBZ Kai)
Reception
His voice in the English dub is criticized; with that and various features in his character design like his dark colored lips leads to some gender confusion with new fans.[4]
Frieza was mentioned as one of the "most beloved characters" in an article by GamePro.[5]." [6]." [7] He was also in a "List of the Top 11 Anime Villains" made by That Dude in The Suede (an affiliate of That Guy with the Glasses) in which Frieza is ranked #6.[8]
A Japanese metal band named Maximum the Hormone even dedicated a song to Frieza, titled "Freeza".
Trivia
- In an interview with Akira Toriyama, he revealed that Frieza is a combination of all his worst fears.
- Frieza's story somewhat mirrors many Greek tragedies, incorporating the message that one cannot escape from his own fate or destiny no matter what one does to avoid it. In fear of the Legend of the Super Saiyan, Frieza destroyed the Saiyans, thus causing the catalyst necessary for a Saiyan to become what he had feared.
- Frieza is the last major villain who is not artificially created, being actually born naturally (Cell and Majin Buu of Dragon Ball Z and Baby, Super 17 and Omega Shenron in Dragon Ball GT are all artificial constructs or a result of some form of conjuring).
- Frieza has the largest amount of soldiers working for him, in comparison to all of the other villains in the series (including movies and Dragon Ball GT).
- Frieza is the final villain in the Dragon Ball manga to have a desire for the Dragon Balls. Though there were also villains in animes and movies who later expressed such desires, as well as villains in video games (Bojack wants them in Dragon Ball Z: Super Butōden 2, and Babidi wants to use the Dragon Balls to wish for control over Majin Buu in Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai - Another Road).
- as well.
- Several mistakes regarding the color of Frieza's neck, armor, and tail are made during the Namek Saga. Occasionally (though not quite so often) Frieza's neck is shown to be pink instead of the same almost-white color of his face, and at other times, the purple spike at the end of his tail is also shown to be pink. In at least one scene in Vegeta Revived, during an explosion, Frieza's armor is white instead of purple.
- Frieza's third form vaguely resembles a Warrior Xenomorph from the Alien film series, particularly in skull structure (in addition, Cooler's final form vaguely resembles a Predator).
- The fight between Goku and Frieza was the longest in Dragon Ball Z anime, at 19 episodes.
- Frieza survived one of the most horrific injuries in the series. In his case, it was the loss of his lower half, his right eye, the upper part of his head and his left arm.
- Frieza has his tail cut off three times. The first time is when he was in his second form, when Krillin chops it off with a Destructo Disk,, arm and tail.
- Disk (IE, begging for mercy, and then attacking Goku when his guard was let down), and both were given cybernetics by a relative of theirs. They were also both defeated very quickly after reappearing by someone other than Goku.
- Of all villains, Frieza has reappeared and been defeated the most; a total of 5 times, or 6 if counting Ghost Warrior Frieza defeated by Future Trunks. He has been defeated twice by Goku, once by Future Trunks, once by Pikkon, and once by Gohan.
- Frieza's voice in the Great Saiyaman Saga, Fusion Reborn, and Dragon Ball GT, sounds like that of his first form even though he is in his final form. This voice is also used for him in all video games where only his 2nd and 3rd forms sound differently from his first form.
- In the Japanese and English versions of Dragon Ball Kai, Frieza's theme song, "Only a Chilling Elegy", is played in the episode "A Nightmare Transformation! Frieza's Power-Level One Million?!", before and during the time when Frieza in his second form impales Krillin with his horn and in the episode "Frieza's Final Transformation! The Ultimate Nightmare Begins!" when Gohan, Krillin, and Piccolo fight Frieza in his final form.
Gallery
See also
References
- ↑ Dragon Ball Z episode 195, "Warriors of the Dead"
- ↑ Dragon Ball Online, 2010
- ↑ Dragon Ball: Episode of Bardock, 2011
- 11 anime villains, at thatguywiththeglasses.comLatest News & Updates
DIY Camo Dip Kits
Forum topic: 38 weeks 6 days ago - Curious if anyone has tried these at home camo dipping kits: Read More »
4 Comments
Yard Sale 98 Mauser
Forum topic: 40 weeks 1 day ago - I ... Read More »
AR question for the gang
Forum topic: 46 weeks 20 hours ago - OK, would you AR-familiar folk let me know, to load mags from stripper clips, do I need the guide (spoon) or can it be done with out the guide? Thanks Read More »
Ankle Holster
Forum topic: 1 year 1 week: 1 year 1 week: 1 year: 1 year 11 weeks ago - Thoughts on ATI AR-15 rifles. Are they any good, shoot good, jam easy, feed rounds easy, etc.... Read More »
Charles Daly 12ga
Forum topic: 1 year 16: 1 year 20 weeks ago - Don't buy this firearm. Read More »
Nice lever action rifles
Forum topic: 1 year 21 »- Save up to 25% on standard room rates at Villa Eugenie Hotel, Paris, France
- Bookings are non-refundable and cannot be amended
Paris Weather in April
Check the Weather in Paris, France in April before you book your next holiday. This gives the best indication of the weather in April and includes figures for temperature, sunshine and rainfall.
- 14°C max day temperature
14
- 6 hours of sunshine per day
6
- 15 days with some rainfall
15
- 6°C min night temperature
6
- 14 hours of daylight per day
14
- No heat & humidity
0
- 45 mm of monthly rainfall
45
- 4 (Moderate) UV index
(In response to the person who is beneath me)
No, you're not the only one who thought the tree would get cut down.
Rated 4.5 / 5 stars
kool
that was kool though lol for some reason when the tree said "I'll never be gone" i expected osmeone to chop it down, am i the only one?
Rated 5 / 5 stars
awwwwww....
that was........ADORABLE!!!!
I absolutely love trees!
and the birds were awesome, so cute ^o^
LOVE IT!
Rated 5 / 5 stars
HAAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAAA!!!
awesome, i didnt notice the bids at first, n it looked kinda intentional XD fuckin' hysterical
Rated 5 / 5 stars
great!
OK first off if your giveing this a low rateing because of the birds GROW UP really are you like 5? anyways like it funny song good animation 10/10.The End of Violence in the Basque Country
April 12, 2012
Spain faces for the first time a chance to end terrorist violence in the Basque Country. However, for many intellectuals the complexity of the Basque problem is something that requires careful analysis to avoid a purely formal resolution. Fernando Aramburu, who was born in San Sebastian in 1959, has addressed in his novels and newspaper articles the current status of the Basque problem in which the relatives of the victims, the murderers, and their accomplices live in desperate coexistence and in fear and shame. He has done so without demagoguery or excesses. There is no need; the narrative is eloquent enough. Aramburu recently won the Tusquets Prize for his novel Años lentos, which the jury praised for its “Dickensian story of a childhood during the sixties in the Basque Country.”
This event is presented in Spanish with simultaneous translation into English.
Previous post in Chicago Amplified
KT McFarland: Democracy and Global Security
Next post in Chicago Amplified
A Poetry Reading by Nikola MadžirovIzzy B Designs has another fanastic giveaway going on right now. This time around she is giving away an iPad2 and a Kindle!
The giveaway is open to US & Canada and ends on 3/15 at 12:01 am. Visit Izzy B Designs to enter the giveaway!
*This post is brought to you by Izzy B Designs as part of my Blogger Packages.*Share your favorite with your friends!
Share your rating with your friends!
Advertisement 피드백
Hop on the Jewel Train! Solve puzzles as you move tracks to help your train reach the station. Earn trainloads of jewels as you master the challenges. This learning game from LeapFrog teaches logic skills and spatial reasoning. For kids ages 4-8.Pretty Little Liars
Cute! The Pretty Little Liar Stars Test Their Holiday Knowledge (VIDEO)
The holidays are a time for fun, and what's more fun than watching your favorite Pretty Little Liars stars test their holiday knowledge?
In a cute new video from ABC Family, which you can see here, Ashley Benson (Hanna), Lucy Hale (Aria), Troian Bellisario (Spencer), and Shay Mitchell (Emily) try to name all of Santa's reindeer.
Can you guess who's the best at it?
Catch the return of PLL Season 3 on Tuesday, January 8, 2013 at 8 p.m. ET/PT on ABC Family.
Source: ABC Family
Want more Pretty Little Liars? Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter and Tumblr.autoja osamaksulla ilman luottotietoja sGOVMp
There are a couple of solutions to see this specific taking place. Whilst an individual way of thinking would probably often recommend the fact fast growing attention features enthusiastic even more bingo web pages to be able to appear; there exists one more college that considers it's the ever-increasing field of vision regarding online bingo internet websites and linked items which is able to in order to provoke companies to gift the experience a shot. However the idea remains to become seen which often side of this discussion out successful, one thing is clear instruction buffs on the sport really are indulged in selection. Nevertheless, the particular pure lots of places to play throughout would not necessarily change suitable into a fine gaming understanding. It is important that avid physical exercise careful attention, discontinue on by supplying directly into temptations and only holiday resort for you to having fun with the very best bingo web-sites. A safe and natural examine on the net suffices for creating a summary of web sites worthy of investing in. vippi laina heti tqMtWP pikavippii eVJTXW monetti pikavippi NZKSNy uusia pikavippi paikkoja 2013 MHsOHx tekstiviesti laina pLvHZp 50e vippi ilman puhelinta rJlnUG pikavipit ilman puhelinta TDbHLM sampo rahoitus lainalaskuri lKqndX lainaa verkkopankkitunnuksilla Fwn_MY kaikki uudet pikavipit
If you loved this short article and you would like to receive more details relating to pikalaina keskustelu kindly check out the web page.By columbusroulqsg.Summary
One of the characteristics of software maintenance is having historical or other constraints imposed on your development approaches. This article shows the technique of applying two very popular patterns, Decorator and Command, in the context of maintaining a billing application. This technique assists in overcoming such constraints, while helping maintain business logic in a modular, transparent, and highly testable manner.Read Let decorated Commands take over[attachment=0:4eufq08g]a1053_bm.gif[/attachment:4eufq08g]
[attachment=0:4eufq08g]a1053_bm.gif[/attachment:4eufq08g]
So you're saying he should stay away from wearing a shirt that says, "Take my shots you b!tches"
Originally Posted by GhostOriginally Posted by Ghost
So this one would not be appropriate either....
I need this shirt when I go out!!! LMAO.....yeah right!!!I need this shirt when I go out!!! LMAO.....yeah right!!!
Originally Posted by NW SteelerOriginally Posted by NW Steeler
Originally Posted by NW SteelerOriginally Posted by NW Steeler
excellent
Bookmarksof Loriann's Passing
Share This Obituary
Memories & CandlesPrevious
“Mommy you will always be in my heart.I will always love you. I miss you so much
”
1 of 1 | Posted by: Andrea Diorato - daughter
Loriann was born on December 7, 1965 and passed away on Friday, March 19, 2010.
Loriann was a resident of Hicksville, New York.
The information in this obituary is based on data from the US Government's Social Security Death Index. No further information is available. More details on this data source are provided in our Frequently Asked Questions section.Watch No Sleep Til Grammys: Pittsburgh Blow Money
In this episode of No Sleep Til Grammys, Pries does sound check, the show / meet and greet in Pittsburgh Stop of his current tour.
Watch No Sleep Til Grammys: Pittsburgh Blow Money , the latest video from Pries, which dropped on Friday, January 17th, 2014. Pries's horizons are broadening with each new release, and No Sleep Til Grammys: Pittsburgh Blow Money is no exception. It's a worthy addition to a catalogue that has seen much growth since Pries stepped foot in the rap game. We're looking forward to hearing more.
What do y'all think of this video?
Visit our mixtape section to stream and/or download Revenge Of The Nerd, a project released by Pries on Wednesday, April 16th, 2014. It features songs such as .
Hit up Pries's profile page for the latest info, news, songs, and mixtapes. Check out Pries's Facebook and Twitter.Notably, Marc Gaffney has perfected his low and soulful melodies, delivering them with enough confidence to keep any previous need for distortions and backup vocals to a minimum. The Fury Of A Patient Man clearly catches Gaffney at his best, not because he is more weathered but because he can be clearly heard with a renewed fortitude.
Gaffney isn't the only one to show improvement. Doug Sherman steps up his consistently thick riffs and permeating groove as Barry Spillberg lays down his relentless drum work, tossing in the occasional creative roll. The band's new bassist, Joe Grotto (Motherboar), also proves to be a natural fit on an album engineered by his brother Benny Grotto along with Owen Curtin.
The Fury Of A Patient Man is a crystalizing moment for Gozu.
Gozu has always been able to deliver some densely layered onslaughts of metal, but the album opener raises the bar as it sets a stampede pace for the 10-track marathon. Bald Bull rocks.
Although best described relentless metal buzz, it's the intensely memorable guitar solo in the back third of the song that earns it a place among essential metal picks. The rest of the track is near perfect too, everything from Gaffney finding the right groove to Sherman and Spillberg delivering moments of impressively composed and well-executed metal.
With such a strong opener, the second track almost feels too relaxed to follow. In case you don't know, Signed, Epstein's Mom gives a one-off nod to the 1970s sitcom Welcome Back, Kotter and possibly actor Robert Hegyes. The best part of the track is another rousing solo tucked deep inside it.
Another attention-grabbing title is the mashup Charles Bronson Pinchot. It's heavy, humorous, and gives Gozu another opportunity to prove its potency in marrying two distinct sounds to one song. In this case, they kick off the song with some galloping trash metal but then channel a post-metal atmospheric transition before ending on a note as furious as the one they used to begin it.
What makes these grand transitions so addictive is Gozu's ability to retain an aggressive spontaneity to their song craft. After a couple if passes, you know Irish Dart Fight will eventually be hammered into something other than a whimsical rocker with a seventies swagger. And yet, you'll listen intently for the change up anyway, just in case it turns out different.
This track alone, if not the entire album, sets a high water mark for stoner metal this year. The entire album is meticulously crafted and perfectly executed, with nothing left to chance even if it feels like everything was left to chance.
The Fury Of A Patient Man Burns 9.1 On The Liquid Hip Richter Scale.
If five years requires patience, then Gozu is appropriately ferocious. They have never played tighter or known precisely where they wanted to take anyone who would listen. And perhaps that is what stands out the most on The Fury Of A Patient Man. From the very first track, it's abundantly clear that Gozu knows where they want to take you — and then do it, effortlessly.
The Fury Of A Patient Man by Gozu can be found on Amazon or downloaded from iTunes. The album was originally scheduled to be released in February, but piracy concerns prompted an early drop date. This is a band worth supporting. Every inch of the album is worth the download. Keep an eye out for tour dates in New England on Facebook.Back pain. If you haven't got it now, the chances are you've either had it in the past or will get it in the future. Statistics show that seven in 10 of us suffer from it at some time in our lives. And it is one of the most common causes of sickness absence and disability in the western world. In fact, research from the British Chiropractic Association earlier this year found that in the UK, back pain is on the increase, rising from 47% of people "currently suffering" in 2007, to 52% in 2008.
Although the days when bed rest was the standard treatment for chronic back pain are long gone, the medical profession has yet to find a single effective solution that it can uniformly prescribe, thanks to a dearth of scientific evidence and, where studies have taken place, conflicting findings. But one back-pain treatment option for which there has been little funded research in the past (and therefore, scant evidence to support its use) is now making news in the medical community - the Alexander Technique (AT).
A study published this week in the British Medical Journal reports the results of a large-scale trial on the effects of AT on back pain. The study, which took place at GP practices in Southampton and Bristol, hypothesised that AT could alleviate back pain by limiting muscle spasm, strengthening postural muscles, improving coordination and flexibility, and decompressing the spine. One year on, the results bear this out: subjects who received 24 AT lessons reported an average of three days of back pain per month, compared with 21 days per month in the control group. The AT group also reported better function and quality of life.
So what is AT? I've asked many an Alexander teacher this over the years, and it's a question that even they find difficult to answer. "What AT isn't is a series of gentle exercises," says Elizabeth Dodgson, an AT teacher in west London, and a trustee of the charity BackCare. "It's not about being taught fixed positions (postures) in which to hold the body and it isn't manipulation, like, say, physiotherapy or massage."
Dodgson is happier talking about what AT does, than what it is. "The goal of AT is to set up the right circumstances under which the body can function as it was meant to," she explains. "You.'
It's no coincidence that AT talks of pupils and teachers, rather than therapists and patients: there is a strong educational element involved. AT sessions are usually one on one, and the onus is on exploration and awareness rather than on forcing and fixing things.
Many common therapies involve lying down while someone "does" something to you but AT is a practice that you "do" yourself. Does Dodgson think that this "taking part" in your own treatment is an important factor? "Definitely. By the time people walk through the door, they are usually willing to change something," she says. "They've been through the 'my back's not working - can you fix it?' mindset and tried a lot of other things so by the time they come to me they are more open to change."
The difficulty in pinning down what AT is, or doing it yourself at home, is probably one of the reasons why it hasn't been embraced by the medical profession, thus far. "With physiotherapy, you can receive some treatment and be shown all the exercises you need to do in, say, six sessions," says Dodgson. "With AT there's no clear timescale or end point. It's a bit like learning a musical instrment. At what point have you 'learned it?'" Lessons cost around £30 each, and Dodgson says that after 20-30 lessons you should have learned enough about your body to continue working on your own.
· To find an AT teacher visit stat.org.uk. Tel: 0845 2307828.
How does the Alexander Technique compare with other treatments?
Pilates
Pilates is often the first port of call for people with back pain, as far as exercise is concerned. Indeed, a study from Queen's University in Ontario, Canada, found that it was valuable in alleviating non-specific lower back pain. But Lynne Robinson, director of the Body Control Pilates association advises, proceeding with caution. "Pilates is not a treatment for back pain," she says. "We don't diagnose and we don't treat - our role comes after treatment, and any good teacher will ideally work one-to-one, in conjunction with the client's medical practitioner."
A key element of Pilates is core stability training - exercises to work on the deep-set muscles situated in the trunk and pelvic area that have a role in protecting the spine and keeping the "core" of the body stable. A recent study from the University of Queensland found that isolation of the deep abdominal muscles could successfully improve recruitment patterns in lower back pain sufferers, reducing pain. But, contrary to popular belief about Pilates, it's not all about the core. "Pilates is brilliant for backs because it works the spine through all its planes of movement," says Robinson. "Extension, flexion, rotation and side flexion - as well as teaching good body awareness and use, improving breathing and posture."
· To find a qualified Pilates teacher, visit pilatesfoundation.com.
Chiropractic
There's a lot more to chiropractic than crunching and clicking bones and joints, according to Tim Hutchful from the British Chiropractic Assocation. "Chiropractic is wrongly pereceived to be simply a manipulative technique - that's just like saying dentists only do fillings," he says. "It's actually a complete package of care, which could involve everything from hands-on treatment to postural assessment and stretching."
"Most back pain is accumulative." says Hutchful. "Symptoms are the last thing to come and the first thing to go - so we tend to blame the problem on the last action we did, rather than looking at the bigger picture." There has been some controversy about manipulative techniques, however, Hutchful argues that the chiropractic treatment package offers the opportunity to prevent the likelihood of problems happening in the first place, by addressing everything from the pen you write with to the way you pick up your baby. "When a patient walks in, yes, I want to alleviate their pain, but I also want to look at its cause and the aggravating factors, because without addressing these, the problem will return."
· To find a chiropractor, contact the British Chiropractic Association chiropractic-uk.co.uk.
Osteopathy
While a Pilates or AT teacher isn't qualified to diagnose your back pain or prescribe treatment, an osteopath is. In fact, osteopaths specialise in dealing with back pain - non-specific chronic cases as well as acute injuries and post-surgery rehabilitation. "The role of the osteopath is to help the individual manage themselves in ways that will optimise their recovery," says Professor Eyal Lederman, who is registered with the General Osteopathic Council. "Treatment will likely involve a combination of hands-on treatment, movement re-education and exercises to practise at home, as well as the development of coping strategies." Even while looking specifically at back pain, an osteopath will take into account the health of the entire musculoskeletal system and treat the whole body, rather than just focusing on a specific symptom or region of pain.
While many people find relief from back pain from osteopathy (expect to feel the benefits within two to six sessions) one study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, found that it was no more effective than "standard care". That's not to say that it is ineffective - just that both approaches work equally well (and osteopathy subjects need fewer painkillers).
· To find a registered osteopath contact the General Osteopathic Council, osteopathy.org.uk. Tel: 020-7357 6655.
Acupuncture
Sceptics argue that the benefits of acupuncture are in the mind, or at best temporary, as the treatment addresses only the symptoms (pain) and not the underlying cause (for example, by addressing posture). It is based on the theory of energy or "chi" pathways throughout the body. Problems occur when there is an energy blockage, and acupuncture needles are said to help get energy flowing freely again. A study from the University of Maryland lends weight to this argument - researchers analysing the findings of 33 different studies concluded that it did have a positive effect on lower back pain - in the short term. But what about in the long term? One small British study found a modest reduction in back pain in patients who received 10 sessions over a three-month period - and pain levels were still lower than a control group two years later.
Acupuncture is also said to increase levels of the natural pain-killing chemicals in the brain, endorphins, as well as relaxing the muscles.
· For more information, contact the British Acupuncture Council: acupuncture.org.uk.Williams Bay, WI, USA < change city >
LOCAL RESOURCES LOCAL VENDORS
Photographers (29)
Caterers (18)
Cakes (15)
Bands (14)
DJs (12)
Wedding Day Beauty (6)
Decorations (5)
Rentals (5)
Officiants (4)
Coordinators (3)
Limos (3)
Lighting (2)
Ceremony Musicians (2)
Photo Booths (2)
Invitations (2)
Ceremony Sites (56)
Reception Sites (56)
See All Vendors >
PESCHES < this is my business >
Requires Login
You must log in before you can save anything to your wedding notebook Log in here.
If you do not have an account, you can register a new account here.
Lake Geneva Wedding In September
"Pesches did a great job working closely with us and designing bouquets to our style. One thing that went wrong is that I asked for coral and ivory rose pedals to spread around the tables at the reception, but they ended up being more orange like colors. This was NOT the color we were looking for. I didn't mention anything to the florist after, but make sure you know the colors you are getting so that it goes with your theme! :)"
Our Wedding
"Pesche's did a really great job with my flowers. I gave them a general idea and they ran with it. I would say the flowers were not as "fresh" in person as I was expecting."
Lake Geneva Wedding In October
"Our flowers were spectacular!! The colors the arrangements. Not too much, but not too little. And the cost was very reasonable!!"
Pesches
State Road 50
Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, United States
See More in Williams Bay
jimi hendrix - Page 2
Hendrix, Bowie, Satriani Announce Black Friday Record Store Day Exclusives
.- This
- $55 $90 pinkmascara.comSimilar itemThe Racer Chest Stripe is a pullover sweater with crew neck and stripe detail. 100% Cotton. Length: 23".
- By littlelauraStyling idea
- 
- Similar itemSummer cotton color blocked long sleeve crewneck pullover with stripe at sleeves. Imported. 100% Cotton. Hand wash.
- $140.
- $103 $172 pinkmascara.comSimilar itemThe Rugby Stripe Boyfriend Crew is a long sleeve pullover sweater with sheer striping at body and sleeve. Semi-Sheer. 53% Acrylic, 38% Nylon & 9% Rayon.
- $14 $30 boohoo.comPeople also liked75% Acrylic , 25% Cotton. Length to Hem 43cm/17", Sleeve Length 67cm/26". Meausred on UK Size M. Machine Wash.
- Similar itemKnit from an ultra-soft linen-and-cotton blend, Lauren Jeans Co.'s preppy sweater features a beautiful bateau neckline and bold contrasting stripes at the body and sleeves. Navy Multi. Linen/cotton.
- People also likedWhite Fall Plain Pullovers Tight V Neck Knit Star Stalker Long Sleeve Knitwear, Size Available: one-size Sleeve Length: 47cm, Long Sleeve Length(cm): 42cm Bust(cm): 60cm one-size Plain White Knit.
-
- $19 chicnova.comPeople also likedChristmas; Snowflake Brocade; Round Neck; Knitwear; Mixture Yarn.
- $21 $80 amazon.comSimilar itemLong sleeve raglan pullover sweater
- .
- $13 $48 amazon.comSimilar itemStriped knit long sleeve pullover with contrast sleeve color block detail
- Styling idea
(…)
“We”. (…)
(((These remarks instantly won my trust, especially the part about “Trout Mask Replica,” which is the exact music-crit equivalent of lit-crit guys pretending to curl up with James Joyce’s Ulysses.)))Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article.'.
Browse more novels of Discworld.)
OzPom
.
Books are everything to me.
.
dtrasler
.
"Night Watch"
Absolutely brilliant. Love the narrator and the story is great - Vimes at his best. Well worth buying.
.
"Excellent entertainment"
Great story, well read. Recommend A++++
.Differences Between Blame And Accountability
Posted by Mitch Mitchell on May 13, 2011
service is lacking across the board that’s management’s problem. I believe if employees don’t fully understand the processes for the work they do that’s management problem. When it’s your problem it means you’re accountable for how those people do their job.
However, it’s not an absolute across the board. For instance, one would never blame any company if one of their employees turned out to be a serial killer. Someone might ask if anyone thought the person was odd, but other than that the corporation won’t take the blame for that.
But if an employee was skimming funds from a client’s account, that could be a much different issue. Many years ago when I was working someplace I kept looking at the books and thinking how efficient they were, but something didn’t quite add up. I mentioned it to the vice president of the company who said everything seemed in order and that particular office’s books and that they’d always looked like that. I never let go of that feeling, but I didn’t overly worry about it because of the vice president’s words.
Six months after I left that company, another employee noticed something one day that the manager of the office had done, called the vice president, and a full audit was conducted. It was discovered that the office manager had indeed been skimming funds from the client’s account for about four years. They came up with a workable solution and proceeded on from there, I felt somewhat vindicated because I knew something was wrong, and the client ended up none the wiser since the company resolved things without prosecution.
Blame and accountability are interesting concepts for both consumers and employers. Some consumers blame everyone in the company for their issues. I’m one of those people who knows that calling and yelling at customer service people for some reason makes no sense because those people had nothing to do with my concern. Other consumers aren’t always as sensible.
At the same time, some employers would rather blame everything on someone else rather than own up to either their own failing or the failing of the organization. Leadership that doesn’t support its employees until they investigate issues will find that every employee they get will be suspect of them and might not ever report when something is wrong, feeling they’ll get blamed for it. That kind of environment fosters problems that will be hard to overcome in the long run.
Management isn’t always accountable, but should act as if they are. It’s a much more honest way to do business, and their employees and customers will notice a world of difference.
Build your CSS knowledge base by watching this easy to follow video lesson. It's very important for all Web Designers to Learn how to Use CSS, regardless of web editor you use. and lesson will also explain how to use photo extensions. This means you may no longer need to open a separate photography app to use its editing tools. Now, you can add its tools to the Photos app.
If you use your iPad to play music often, you will appreciate the Playlist feature. This useful feature is perfect for organizing all of the songs on your iPad. You can create playlists for anything you want; maybe a playlist just for the gym, one that contains only Oldies tunes or one that has all your favorite 80’s tracks. Whatever your musical preference is, using playlists will make it easier to quickly find the songs you are in the mood for, rather than having to skip through the entire list for just a few songs.
Watch this tip to learn how to create a new playlist in the Music app on an Apple iPad.
Don’t want your browsing history saved on the computer? Use InPrivate browsing to surf the Internet in privacy.
InPrivate Browsing is the name given to the private browsing feature on Internet Explorer 10. Unlike normal browsing, websites visited using the InPrivate Browsing window will not be tracked and saved in the History. Cookies, filled-out forms, usernames and passwords, and any files downloaded in the Temporary folder will not be saved on the computer. It’s a great feature to utilize when you are using a shared computer – such as in an Internet cafe – or when you don’t want information on certain websites to be stored on a computer. An InPrivate icon will be displayed to the left of the address bar so you can know that you are browsing in privacy. Now you can browse without leaving a trace on your computer.
Watch this tip to learn how to open a new InPrivate Browsing window in Internet Explorer 10.
In this video you will learn the usage of compound operators in Microsoft Visual C++.
In this SQL Server 2012 training, we cover SQL Insert Statement. The Insert Query is used to add data to an existing MS SQL 2012 table. We start the SQL Server video training by doing an overview of the SQL INSERT statement, followed by the SQL INSERT command syntax and then some SQL query examples.
Examples of Insert command include:
-Add data to Regions table
-Insert a record to Shippers table with Set Identity_Insert On
In this SQL Server 2014 Tutorial for beginner, we cover SQL Server management studio. This is also known as SSMS.
We start the video training on MS SQL 2014 by showing you how to launch Management Studio. We cover how to use SQL Server Registered Servers. Next we move on to the Object Explorer, the heart of SSMS. We demonstrate all the various tabs including Database, Server objects, Security, Management and SQL 2014 Agent.
In this video you will learn using variables in Microsoft visual C++By Melody Asper
For The Evening Sun
The newly opened iNet Express, 101 Wilson Ave., Hanover, allows residential customers access to the same state-of-the-art Information Technology (IT) services that was once reserved only for businesses and commercial establishments, owner Mark Jenkins said.
Jenkins and his wife Tracy have owned and operated iNet Technology Group in Gettysburg since 2011. That venue supplies businesses with consultants to design and build new networks, maintain virtualization of servers, installation and configuration of 24/7 backup routines, and offers a full line of commercial upgrades for any IT need.
Jenkins graduated from New Oxford High School in 2002 and worked for other local computer businesses for several years prior to deciding to go into business for himself and offer a full line of computer services for businesses. Now those same quality services will be available for residential customers, Jenkins said.
"We offer everything from hardware to software. Residential customers usually can't afford to hire their own IT person, so we will be their IT person," Jenkins said, "We look at the whole picture – what they need and what they don't need. We offer personalized service at very reasonable rates."
iNet Express guarantees each customer a quick response with free diagnostics, a super quick repair service, and rates that are 'fixed' rather than the hourly rates used by most other service providers, Jenkins said. For example, a PC Protection package which removes viruses is a set $69.99, while a 'Tune-up Premium' package which includes virus removal plus additional servicing is $79.99.
While the low prices may make potential customers sit up and take notice, Jenkins said, it is the 'same day guaranteed service' that should bring them flocking to the door.
"Same day service. That's our niche and that's something nobody else offers in this area," Jenkins said, adding that customers must bring their machines to the shop by 3 p.m. in order to take advantage of the same day guarantee.
While the services being offered are top of the line, Jenkins said, the IT service prices at iNet Express will be kept as low as possible, plus quick service is guaranteed. As part of the same day service the customer can also ask that the shop text them when their equipment is finished and ready for pickup.
"That will be really convenient for customers. They can drop off their machine, head over to the nearby stores or restaurants and we will send them a text message when the work is complete," Jenkins said, "Everything is usually done in a few hours."
In addition to repairs for all computers, printers, tablets, Nooks, and e-readers, Jenkins said, iNet Express also offers residential customers all the same services that they have offered to business customers for years such as: network implementation, unified communications, virus removal, data recovery and memory upgrades.
High quality name brand hardware, such as laptops and desktop computers, and many brands of software are also on site at very reasonable prices, Jenkins said. The new store also offers 'one on one' training classes so that customers can learn how to use their machines, Jenkins said, even ones they already own.
"You bring your device and we will train you on your device," Jenkins said, "We will keep the trainings limited to one-half hour or one hour so that customers can more easily retain all they learn."
In the near future the store will also be hosting group trainings to be scheduled on Sundays, Jenkins said, with those classes to be announced at a later date.
The new store's grand opening was on July 7, Jenkins said, but there will be a gala 'Open House' from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. on Wednesday, July 23, at the new location in the Gateway Hanover Shopping Center on Wilson Avenue. Free light refreshments will be provided, and no purchase is necessary to register for door prizes.
During the open house on July 23 customers can also take advantage of special discount rates on services, Jenkins said, but must bring their machines in prior to the 3 p.m. deadline in order to take advantage of the same day service.
IF YOU GO:
What: iNet Express
Where: 101 Wilson Ave., Hanover
Open House: Wednesday, July 23, 5-7 p.m.
Regular hours: Monday-Saturday, 10 a.m.-6 p.m.
Contact: Call 717-639-2150The U.S. Labor Department said a Cleveland company that provides workers to airports violated fair labor standards, and ordered it to give employees in Denver more than $12,700 in back pay.
The labor department said it had also fined Flight Services and Systems Inc. $40,260 for having repeat violations for nearly the same issue. The company supplies airports with valets, skycaps, cart drivers and baggage handlers.
The 183 current and former company workers in Denver had the costs of uniforms deducted from their pay, dropping their hourly wage below the federal minimum of $7.25, the agency said in a release Thursday.
The company was also cited for not keeping accurate records of employee work hours and wages. The investigation was conducted by the agency's Denver office.
FSS employs more than 1,200 people in about 20 airports nationwide.
David Migoya: 303-954-1506, dmigoya@denverpost.com or twitter.com/davidmigoya
If you would like a reply, include your email:
» Submit news photos
» Investigations tips: 1-866-748-TIPSThe
Topmaster Offers Exceptional Cost Savings For Several
Reasons.After spending so much time coding the new photo site, I finally deemed it “good enough,” and was ready to venture outside for a long walk around town. I’d suck in a little of that fresh Vancouver air and, if something struck my fancy, I might even take a photo or two. Normally, long walks are an essential part of my work day because, in my estimation, I solve about 90% of my most complicated problems while pounding pavement. It’s one of my many little idiosyncrasies that makes it essential that I work at home. Whenever I’m given a complex design task by an employer, the first thing I do is take off out the front door. Walking is how I accomplish my best design work. And there’s the rub — admittedly, it doesn’t reflect too well on me if, when presented with a big problem to solve, I’m seen immediately leaving the office for a couple of hours. Water cooler politics would, of course, dictate that I make a beeline for my desk and sit there shuffling papers with furrowed brow until the task is accomplished. But, for me, the desk is just about the last place where I’m going to be productive… at least when dealing with issues related to design or creativity.
So these last few weeks have been an anomaly because I actually have been stuck at my desk. It’s not that web design isn’t creative. It’s just that, for every 5 minutes I spend designing the site, I have to spend the next 3 days getting cozy with Google — researching all the code, tools, and techniques required to actually implement the thing. I design while walking. I solve problems while walking. But research requires being chained to my desk.
After three weeks of research, I was more than ready to walk. Last time I was out, I was kicking through a shin-deep sea of beautiful red maple leaves. Now I’m kicking through shin-deep snow. Funny how much can change in a few short weeks. Vancouver has recently seen about a foot-and-a-half of snow, and more is falling as I write this. The air is fresh and crisp. The dogs are happy. The trees are enrobed in a shroud of white where, just last month, they were warm in their brightly saturated red, orange, and yellow jackets.
When I captured the image at the top of this page, I was walking south across the Granville Street Bridge, nearly blinded by the bright winter sun, which hung low above the horizon. As I approached a park on the south shore of False Creek, the trees began to filter the harsh winter sun, making it look as if the snow itself was luminescent. In the distance was a couple walking a dog—muzzle burried in the snow. Regrettably, I needed a long lens, but had the 17-40 wide-angle mounted on my camera. The moment would pass if I switched lenses, so I took the shot with the 17-40; later cropping away at least three-fourths of the captured scene to get the composition I wanted. Those 21 megapixel images can really help save a shot like this.
The extra-blustery winter scene, shown above, was captured with my little Panasonic LX3 on my way to buy ice cream (I kid you not) at Choices Market on Christmas Eve.
The “his and hers” scooters, above, caught my eye because the snowmobile was invented in Canada. Of course, despite all appearances to the contrary, neither of these are representative examples.
The snowlady, below, fascinated me not just because she was so well realized, but because she’s so indicative of the city in which I live. She’s standing in a downtown public park. I walked by her in the morning then, again, in the afternoon — yet no one had stolen her purse, her earrings, her beads, her fur color — nothing!.This IDC Health Insights report provides healthcare executives a series of investment benchmarks for accountable care technology investments. Analytics is the number 1 investment priority for accountable care for both infrastructure and business applications. Health plans and providers are consistent in their investment priorities and are focusing their technology acquisitions toward the analytics required for Population Health Management.
"This report confirms the anecdotal evidence that analytics is the lynchpin for successful accountable care," says Cynthia Burghard, research director, Accountable Care IT Strategies.
Subscriptions Covered:
IDC Health Insights: Accountable Care IT Strategies
Companies Covered:
Dell Inc., Oracle Corporation, IBM, Hewlett-Packard Company
Regions Covered:
Topics Covered:
Analytic applications, Business analytics services, Data warehouse and analytic applications, Graph databases, Mobility, Text analytics
Vertical Markets:
Health, Health delivery strategies, Healthcare strategies
In a world of cluttered advertisements and over the top marketing techniques, it can feel as though your marketing must be ostentatious and extravagant in order to compete. However, the logos and slogans that stand the test of time always have something else going for them.
Although a loud design for a website may attract attention for a little while, very rarely is that site left with any customers who actually remember the company as a viable partner for long term business needs.
Minimalism, or judicious use of space, time and resources on a website, is a much preferred alternative to clutter and overstated presence. Minimalism speaks to a more professional presence and a more established business. After all, the new guy on the block is the one who has to do the yelling; the company that already has customers has no need to scream for people to come.
Even if your website is not established, this is the first impression that you must give off in order for a potential customer to take your site seriously.
Below are just a few ways in which minimalism can increase the professional look of your site and thus the positive value of your first impression on new customers.
Minimalism draws attention to the more important points of a business.
In order to maximize the effectiveness of the sales process online, a website must keep as much clutter out of the way as possible.
Online consumers have a much lower tolerance for confusion than a consumer in a physical store. The investment for a consumer is much lower online – all a customer has to do if frustration sets in is to click away from the offending page.
Online consumers need one path to follow and minimizing the clutter on your webpage will naturally draw attention to the information that you have left there. It also gives that information more natural gravitas and the consumer will take it much more seriously.
Minimalism adds to the professionalism of a business.
When there is too much information on a web page, the natural inclination of the consumer is to feel confused. Whether or not the information makes sense to the people who posted it is irrelevant – the consumer will blame whatever feeling the website gives him on you.
Take a look at the websites of the industry leaders in your sector. What you will find is a website that gently leads the consumer through the sales process all the way to the conversion action with no extra information or added baggage.
Although the customer may or may not register that he or she is being led through the process to a final action, he or she will definitely appreciate it and attribute it to the professionalism of the business.
After all, customers do not come to a business to think about different options for a problem; they come to find a solution. Minimalism gives an unapologetic solution to the problems of a customer.
Space on a website helps to solidify the image of a business in the mind of a customer.
One of the most important aspects of a website is its ability to bring return visitors back to it. In order to do this, a website must communicate a clear message that stands out singularly in the mind of a customer.
Not only is your website in competition with the images on other websites, but it is also in competition with the images and messages that it has on it. The more space on a website, the more effective and singular your message will appear.
Overall, if you are having trouble with return visitors or stickiness on a website, consider simplifying it as much as possible. Minimalism is a luxury in the world of the Internet – make sure that you use it to its best effect.
Do you have a minimalistic web design ? What are your thoughts on minimalism ?
Minimalistic wesbites are much sleeker and smaert in persuading users to convert
I like minimalistic web design too.
Simple is beautiful …I am all for simple and minimalistic website
We understand that not all users are the same and have different and unique needs. Through our myGPcloud (pro) offering we are able to extend the capabilities of our cloud to meet your particular needs. With the myGPcloud(pro) solution we custom tailor every install based on the specific needs of the customers. We offer shared or dedicated environments, multiple box deployments, and full disaster redundancy offerings with “hot” servers available in our alternate data center. See our Comparison Chart of myGPcloud offerings.
Additional capabilities of myGPcloud(Pro)
- Ability to add ISV solutions to your Microsoft Dynamics GP offering, such as MICR check printing, Sales Tax Integration, EDI solutions, employee expense tracking, State Payroll Tax integrations and other popular solutions
- Ability to use Business Portal and SharePoint for time and expense entry, customer order entry, and human resource self-service capabilities
- Integration to custom or other external solutions such as billing solutions and e-commerce sites
- Using multiple languages with a single database or multiple databases
- Integration to CRM online or on-premise using some common popular tools for advanced integrations
- Deployment of earlier versions of Microsoft Dynamics GP such as Version 9.0 and 10.0 with existing FRx licensing if needed
Pricing for myGPcloud (Pro)
This offering varies in price and setup fees depending on the complexity of the offering and the number of servers involved.
- Microsoft Dynamics GP Starter Pack (Financial Suite) – $285 per user/per month (2 User min)
- Setup fees vary from $1,000 – $1,500 per installation with additional fees for Web-services.
- Microsoft Dynamics GP Extended Pack (Manufacturing Suite) – $300 per user/per month (2 User min)
- Setup fees vary from $1,500 – $3,000 per installation with additional fees for Web-services.
Monthly hosting fees include the following additional services:
- Citrix licenses if needed for MAC users
- Web Client
- Microsoft Word and Excel
- 10 Gigs of data storage
- Unlimited company databases
- 12 Applications support calls per year
- Dedicated or Shared Infrastructure
Minimum one year contract is required.Key things you need to know aboutDr. Chan:
Dr. Chan's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Dr. Chan's Specialties
- Internal Medicine
- View 1 specialty
More About Dr. Chan's Background
MoreGet the facts on Dr. Chan
- PREFERED MEDICAL GROUP INC
- PREFERED MEDICAL GROUP INC
- 1234 S Garfield Ave Ste 103
-.More home visits would save babies
Copyright 2013: Houston Chronicle | April 2, 2013 | Updated: April 2, 2013 7:44pm
In an average week, four children die of child abuse or neglect in Texas - more than in any other state in the nation. They die in awful ways: of burns, drowning, internal bleeding, starvation. And when they die, we ask: Where were the authorities? Why didn't someone intervene sooner?
The usual answer is that there aren't enough Child Protective Services caseworkers, and they can't monitor every parent, every minute of the day. But the deeper problem lies in the way that Texas usually approaches child abuse: We start far too late. We don't do nearly enough to prevent problems before they start.
One of the best ways to prevent child abuse, neglect and a host of other long-term problems is called "home visiting."
The concept is simple: A nurse, social worker or other helpful trained person makes free, repeated housecalls to families or pregnant women who want coaching on the tricky business of having a baby and raising a child.
Usually the moms are young and poor. Many didn't have great parents themselves. They're unlikely to know all the thousands of things a parent should: stuff like the importance of prenatal vitamins, or how to soothe a crying baby or that an abusive boyfriend is bad news.
Research shows that those home visits by groups such as Nurse-Family Partnership or Triple P can be extraordinarily effective - reducing not just abuse, but also social ills such as premature births, hospitalization for child injuries, crime and lagging school performance.
An excellent new bill - SB 426, sponsored by state Sen. Jane Nelson, R-Grapevine - supports the expansion of successful home-visit programs in Texas. If fully funded at $27.4 million, the Texas Association for the Protection of Children estimates that the program would pay for itself in five years by reducing state costs in areas such as emergency-room treatment and investigation of abuse.
And that's not to mention the most important effect: More home visits would save babies' lives. We urge legislators to pass the bill.Taint Necessarily So
Part II
• In-depth Product Reviews
Registration is FREE and EASY.
by John Casey
Jun 2002 Issue of Wine Business Monthly
In the 1970s, very low concentrations of a group of chemical compounds known as "chloro-anisoles" were identified as being responsible for musty/mouldy taints in a number of different foods and packaging materials. The most potent of these compounds is 2,4,6 tri-chloro-anisole, usually referred to as TCA. Other members of the group are the mono-, di-, tetra-, and penta-chloro-anisoles. In the early 1980s, TCA at extraordinarily low concentrations, (30 - 200 parts per trillion) was identified: