External
Career Prep 101
MANDATORY for all U0/U1s, and U2s who have not attended
Career Prep 101
MANDATORY for all U0/U1s, and U2s who have not attended
Career Prep 101
MANDATORY for all U0/U1s, and U2s who have not attendedOLD TIMER’S COOL TALE!
By Norris Chambers
Many,
many years ago it was hot in the summer and cold in the winter, much as it is
today. However, there was one slight difference; in the summer time the good
old country people had no air conditioners or other convenient means of keeping
cool. In the winter time most homesteads were warmed with a cast-iron heater or
an open fireplace. The kitchen area was kept comfortable with the big iron cook
stove. Kids who were busy playing outside usually had a big bonfire that kept
them from turning into chunks of ice.
Temperature
control in the summer was not very easy. Most houses had windows and halls that
took full advantage of any summer breeze and helped to keep the inside
temperatures bearable. One of the first efforts to combat the hot weather at
night was to move beds outside. Usually the complete bedstead was moved to the
breeziest spot in the area. A location under a big tree kept the bed cooler
during the day but at night was more likely to accumulate spiders, scorpions or
other undesirable insects that could drop from the tree limbs. For this reason
most beds were placed in an open area and bedtimes were delayed until the hot
bed had time to cool a little after the coolness of the night developed.
The outside
beds appealed to the family’s cats and dogs as accommodations to nap in the
sunshine and a few families carried the mattresses and other bedding materials
inside during the day.
A few
families did not move their beds outside but hung wet, porous cloths in the
windows taking advantage of any slight breeze that might cool the room by
evaporation. Of course someone had to get up from time to time and re-dampen
the cool curtains. This method helped some but most people thought it was more
trouble than it was worth. We never tried it.
The
ordinary hand operated fan was an old standby and was in almost constant use
during a hot, sultry day. Many types of fans were available without cost. The
fan was considered an excellent advertising freebie and many merchants were
glad to give them away with their advertising printed on both sides. Fancy fans
were also available for a price. These included simple folding fans that could
be opened and used when the need was evident as well as very beautiful models
that were designed for stylish use in high-tone assemblies where the
temperature might rise above the comfort level. Many of these models folded
into nice, compact packages that were easily kept handy!
Clifton and
I and most young characters of our age spent considerable time splashing around
in the muddy stock tanks. The water was a little warm but the dampness tended
to cool us considerably. It was probably just the evaporation that did it. We
didn’t suffer much from the heat when we were just taking it easy under a nice
shade tree.
One day
when discussing the hot nights Clifton
mentioned that it was pretty cool in the cellar and that he hadn’t heard of
anyone moving a bed down there. That was something to think about. The cellar
was considerably warmer in the winter and was several degrees cooler during the
hot days of summer. Maybe the cellar would we be a good place to spend the
night.
This was
such an interesting idea that we decided to try it. Moving a couple of folding
cots to the cellar was a simple matter. The cellar was located on the north
side of the house, perhaps thirty feet from the kitchen door.
We retired
a little early on a hot and sultry night to test our cellar sleeping
experiment. The access door was a foot or so above ground and was sloped at
about a 20 degree angle to allow water to drain away from the cellar. We
decided to close the door since there was a nice ventilation pipe passing
through the log and dirt roof. With the
door closed it was very dark and quiet. As the old timers say, “We slept like
babies” and the heat didn’t bother us at all. We spread the news of our
successful experiment. Several folks said they would try it and a few wondered
why they hadn’t thought about it.
One
ambitious farmer built a summer sleeping structure near his house. He
constructed a nice concrete cellar with a screened building above. On
moderately warm nights family members slept in the nice screened building and
on excessively hot nights they retired to the cool cellar below. Clifton and I mentioned building
such a fancy contrivance but we never found time to do it.
Was there
any fun in trying to sleep on those hot nights? We always found a little fun in
everything but I now find it a little difficult to remember what it was!News organizations were aflutter to report on the controversies at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) this past weekend. Several socially conservative groups boycotted the meeting. Donald Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney were greeted with jeers and boos. One conference attendee was removed after calling the former Vice President a war criminal. Is conservatism imploding?
It depends. If the conservative consensus rests on support for specific policy proposals, then it is possible to find an issue to splinter the coalition. But, if conservatism is grounded “not as much at the level of policy as at the level of principle, where there is foundational agreement among a broad swath of the American people” then policy differences will not prove fractious.
What we need, argues Matthew Spalding in “A New American Fusionism: Recovering Principles in Our Politics” is a new framework for conservatism—a constitutional conservatism. This would remind “economic conservatives that morality is essential to limited government, cultural conservatives that unlimited government is a threat to moral self-government, and national security conservatives that energetic but responsible government is the key to America’s safety at home and prominence in the world.”
Following the call for a new constitutional conservatism, the leaders of conservative organizations around the nation joined together one year ago today to sign the Mount Vernon Statement, intended to be an updated version of the Sharon Statement of 1960. But, unlike previous statements of conservative principles, the Mount Vernon Statement hearkens back to America’s Founding documents. The statement proclaims that the change we urgently need in both conservatism and America “is not movement away from but toward our founding principles. At this important time, we need a restatement of Constitutional conservatism grounded in the priceless principle of ordered liberty articulated in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution.” The ideas of human equality, natural rights, and consent are under attack in America. It is up to conservatives to affirm these principles and to recognize that any meaningful policy agenda rests on a solid foundation of first principles. Policy differences are inevitable and debate ought to be encouraged, so long as that debate is grounded in principles.
The Mount Vernon Statement appeared at CPAC in Representative Paul Ryan’s speech. Ryan reminded the crowd that “economic conservatism and social conservatism come from the same moral root. You can’t give up one to defend the other and they must never be separated.” Policy alone is not enough to unite conservatism. Principles are necessary: they unite conservatives and also provide a basis to critique and reject liberals’ ambitions for government. America’s principles drove the Revolutionary War, survived the Civil War, and, although battered and abused, they have weathered the Progressives’ attack in the 20th century. These same principles can certainly survive jeering and the policy disagreements of CPAC and once again unite a movement to save America.
Join The Discussion6 comments
"Several socially conservative groups boycotted the meeting." That included Heritage. Perhaps that should be mentioned? It's hard to take Heritage seriously if it's not honest…
The goal of defeating progressivism is shared among conservatives and libertarians. If we do not unite to achieve this goal, progressivism will not only continue to hold it's grip on government and all of our lives, but it will grow, it will progress to the point that America will not longer be recognized as the America we grew up in. Let us unite. Let us put our differences past us and concentrate on our similarities, like liberty, justice, and the opportunity to pursue happiness. Tyranny must be defeated and liberty restored in it's place.
[…] This post was mentioned on Twitter by Conservative News , conservist com and Teodora Stanev, MilitantLiberté. MilitantLiberté said: Can Conservatism Hold Together?: News organizations were aflutter to report on the controversies at the Conserva… […]
I believe we're united. We have to consider the infiltration of those that don't like the message of conservatism. FREEDOM
Infiltrators pop up everywhere for ignorance sake. but they'll fool the media and those disrespecting of our cause for negative attention to our cause.
Expressing any personal or "special interest" or drawing attention to, is not a true conservative. I commend Heritage for not attending.
[…] du conservatisme américain, l’Heritage Foundation a défendu l’idée d’une charte pour le mouvement conservateur, dont les principes généraux ont été résumés dans la […]Journalism Teacher Fired for Lewd Blog Comments
If there was any doubt about the power of blogs, consider the case of a part-time professor who got fired for comments he posted in his blog.If.
.
Connect with The San Diego Union-Tribune
-
-
-
-
-Anyone who reads my daily sonar articles (here) knows I am an options investor all the way. I believe options can be a great supplement to traditional fundamental analysis to determine the sentiment or direction of a stock. Large hedge funds and investors alike use options to hedge existing positions and to make speculative bets and get leverage to the upside or downside. Today I'm mixing things up a bit, dedicating this article to both fundamental and options analysts to uncover some of the hottest potential undervalued and overvalued stocks.
First lets start with our competitors in terms of value plays from multiple sectors.
- Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL)
- Walter Energy (NYSE:WLT)
- Genworth Financial (NYSE:GNW)
- DUSA Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:DUSA)
- Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV)
- Oasis Petroleum (NYSE:OAS)
If you turn on the TV it seems like every analyst is touting every stock in the world as cheap. Most investors know one of the most used metrics when it comes to a company's valuation is its P/E value or Price to Earnings ratio. However, sometimes an even better less known indicator is the PEG or Price to Earnings Growth. In this case, the lower the PEG ratio the "cheaper" the stock is in terms of earnings growth. A PEG ratio of over 2 is considered to be expensive for growth in my book where <1 is more value territory. When it comes to investments, growth is what people look for as growing revenues is typically not enough, but we'll address that later in the overvalued sections. For example, take a look at the table below comparing these stock valuations.
As you can see, every single stock with the exception of AAPL has a P/E ratio below the industry average. However, if you listen to the all the analysts, they say AAPL is trading at ~11 P/E when you back out the cash. In my opinion, this isn't a valid way to evaluate a company because it is effectively the same as adding a company's net debt to the share price. The calculation is more relevant when evaluating the company's "Enterprise Value". Thus, the P/E value in my opinion must be taken at face value and not adjusted, regardless of what they say on TV. This is also a primary reason why I believe the PEG ratio is more valuable when evaluating stocks. Unfortunately, this is not useful if the company is not actually making money but that is a different article for another day. Sure, AAPL's almost $120B in cash is nice but it does not make the stock any cheaper in terms of an investment.
Now we all know earnings per share growth is nice, but it must be noted growing a 1B dollar business is much harder than a $1M. So now let's look at revenues of these companies over the last four years.
As you can see, with the exception of OAS, no one holds a candle to the revenue generated by AAPL. The harsh truth is global demand has seen some serious deterioration in fundamentals in the world markets. This affects all sectors and markets, as it appears every central bank in the world is in a race to devalue their currency to boost growth. Unfortunately, this does nothing when overall we are in a period of global demand destruction.
For example, the world of technology has been real soft over the last four to six weeks, and Friday's sell-off of tech favorite AAPL highlights this softness. Other sectors such as coal have been nothing but annihilated over the last 12 months with companies like WLT getting cut in half. With global demand putting pressure on equities combined with potential for several fiscal cliff events, the markets will continue to be difficult, at best, to traverse moving forward.
This again is the reason I turn to the options market to help me make decisions in terms of which direction a stock may go. For example earlier last week I wrote about bullish paper in TripAdvisor (NASDAQ:TRIP), which lead those who followed to large gains across the board. In addition, a bullish paper was seen in financials Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) and Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), and even the financial ETF (NYSEARCA:XLF), which also lead to large gains in the past couple of weeks. This leads us to our shootout stocks, and what the options markets say regarding these contenders. Below is a table of the net premium of these stocks over the last 2 months and first trading day of November. The net premium of options is all options bought on the ask minus those sold on the bid. What you have left is the net premium, which can be a very good indicator of where a stock is going to go. For example, as you can see below, the net premium of AAPL greatly shifted sentiment in October, which corresponded with lower prices.
Ok so the real question is what does all of this really mean? AAPL had very clear options direction from Friday and it was down all the way. Others were mixed, with WLT being the most bullish. However, this is just one day where the numbers from September and October are the total deltas for the month. As you can see, in almost every case the options showed where the stock was headed. Please note DUSA does not trade enough options to calculate premium effectively.
So now lets wrap this up and declare a winner as to this list of stocks.
In conclusion, when taking into account all aspects of valuation, options sentiment, and analysts estimates I feel there is one winner. In my opinion Oasis Petroleum just narrowly edges out Apple to take the gold. Although I do believe both Walter and Genworth have considerable room to run to the upside, I must declare Genworth the victor in this list. Simply put, Walter has too many obstacles to overcome in terms of MET coal prices and global demand. However, my opinion could change quickly if Romney wins the presidential election.
The final undervalued results are ...
- Gold: Oasis Petroleum
- Silver: Apple
- Bronze: Genworth Financial
Now let's look into the "Over" competitors in terms of value plays from multiple sectors.
- Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN)
- Facebook (NASDAQ:FB)
- Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX)
- Zillow (NASDAQ:Z)
- Molycorp (NYSE:MCP)
- Pharmacyclics (NASDAQ:PCYC)
Again first we will look at the valuations in terms of earnings and earnings growth.
Compared to our earlier stocks, these stocks are in the stratosphere in terms of valuation. Every one of these stocks, with the exception of Z, having a lower PEG than its industry average screams these stocks are expensive. Again, as those who follow my articles know, I'm not a fan of NFLX or another long time hated stock of mine Research in Motion (RIMM). Therefore, I'll try to be as non-biased as possible, but look at the liabilities of these companies.
In terms of stock equity, nothing will harm a stock more than loads of debt. Of course, it does appear AMZN defies this law as this stock could have grown at double digits for the next 10 years and still not justify the current stock price. Although both Z and PCYC have much less than $1B of liabilities, they also have much less revenue, so let's keep that in mind. Additionally, according to the NFLX 10Q, "5.0B of content liabilities due," which is the minimum NFLX will have to pay over the next year. Finally, back to the options pits to see what they are saying about where these stocks are heading.
If you compare the net premiums as shown, the stocks did pretty much track the options activity over the last couple of months. The interesting options activity was the huge bullish paper in NFLX over the last 2 weeks. It appears the Icahn deal taking an activist stake in NFLX may not have been so concealed after all. Options players made millions on the NFLX move and continue to be to the upside. If the first day of November means anything, FB and NFLX could see a nice move in the near future. Whereas, both MCP and PCYC could be headed for some rough waters as calls have consistently been sold and puts purchased.
So now let's look at my final grades for these stocks
The final overvalued results are ...
- Gold: Molycorp
- Silver: PCYC
- Bronze: AMZN
In conclusion, I'm not advocating running out and buying calls on the undervalued stocks mentioned in this article. Nor am I saying go short or buy puts on the overvalued stocks either. I'm simply bringing to light just how a stock could be considered "Cheap" or "Expensive". The truth is, any stock here could be a great long term addition to a portfolio based on your risk appetite. I personally stay away from stocks with sky high valuations. Especially when the options market is signaling a possible pullback in stocks. I advise everyone to do their own research and make their own decisions when it comes to making any investment decision.
As always happy trading and stay hedged.
Remember equity insurance always looks expensive until you need it!
Disclosure: I am long: AGNC, APC, CAG, KERX, SLW. I am short: FE, FXE, FXY,.The Federal Reserve reached a noteworthy milestone this week. For the first time in history, its balance sheet exceeded $3 trillion.
To be a bit more specific, as rounding errors matter when you're talking about trillions of dollars, the central bank's asset holdings increased to $3.013 trillion for the week ended Jan. 23 -- don't ask me why the Fed chooses Wednesday as the end of a week. This included $1.697 trillion of U.S. Treasury securities and $983 billion in mortgage-backed securities as well as a handful of other assets.
Source: The Federal Reserve Board of Governors.
Since the Fall of 2008, the Fed has increased its holdings in three distinct waves of quantitative easing, known colloquially as QE1 through QE3, under which it's purchased assets guaranteed by the full faith and credit of the United States.
In the most recent round, announced at the end of last year, the central bank committed to buying $40 billion in mortgage-backed securities a month until the unemployment situation improves significantly. By "significantly" it's possible that the bank means "down to 6.5%," which the Fed identified as a benchmark later in the year. If true, then we could very well see a $4-trillion balance sheet before all is said and done.
Who cares?
Beyond people alarmed by the hypothetical omnipresent menace of inflation, the most tangible impact of the Fed's aggressive monetary stance are financial institutions such as banks and mortgage REITs.
With respect to banks, the long-term interest rates that quantitative easing is designed to reduce are the very same rates that banks rely on to make money. For instance, after announcing third-quarter earnings last year, Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC ) saw its shares slammed after the bank reported a decrease in its net interest margin by 25 basis points; as a follow-up, this figure fell an additional 10 basis points in the fourth quarter.
Perhaps the greatest impact, however, has been felt by mortgage REITs like Annaly Capital Management (NYSE: NLY ) , American Capital Agency (NASDAQ: AGNC ) , and ARMOUR Residential (NYSE: ARR ) .
What makes these funds particularly susceptible to the Fed's moves, and particularly QE3, is the fact that they're vying for the very same assets, agency mortgage-backed securities. MBS prices have accordingly gone through the roof, and their yields, which mortgage REITs look to for income, have tanked, as MBS prices and yields are inversely related.
The stress this has put on the industry has been palatable. In November of last year, it led Annaly, the largest player in the space, to announce the proposed acquisition of CreXus Investment Corporation, a higher-yielding commercially focused REIT that Annaly had previously just managed.
NLY Price / Tangible Book Value data by YCharts.
Additionally, as you can see in the chart above and as I discuss here, it's caused valuations in the entire industry to drop. Since the middle of 2012 -- that is, before QE3 began -- Annaly's has fallen by 12%, American Capital's by 14%, and ARMOUR Residential's by 9%. And with valuations and income have gone dividends. In Annaly's case, the quarterly payout has fallen by 17% over the last 12 months alone.
Is there any end in sight?
At this point, the answer to this question is: No. For those of you concerned about inflation, my recommendation is to ease up a bit, as Japan's experience over the last two decades has shown that inflating prices are the last thing we need to be concerned about right now.
More generally, however, for investors with a stake in financial companies, it's likely that the Fed's easy monetary stance is bound to continue at least for the foreseeable future. But it won't last forever. Consequently, and particularly for those of you invested in mortgage REITs, you'll simply need to readjust your expectations for those wonderful, though slightly smaller, quarterly payouts.:51 AM, StopPrintinMoney wrote:
At this point of time, Federal Reserve's function is to monetize the government's debt and prop up the asset price while doing so. In the meanwhile the average saver gets hit with inflation tax. Win-WIn-Lose scenario.Margaret (2011), directed by Kenneth Lonergan and starring Anna Paquin (VIDEO)
Watch the trailer for Margaret, directed by Kenneth Lonergan and starring Anna Paquin; No. 58 on our list of the 100 best New York movies..—Alison Willmore
RECOMMENDED: See all 100 best New York movies
Watch the trailer for Margaret
PREVIOUS:New York movies: No. 59 | NEXT:New York movies: No. 57
You might also like
Read an interview with Margaret director Kenneth Lonergan
Read an interview with Margaret star Anna Paquin
Check out the full list of the 100 best New York movies
See more in Film
- Get LivefyreYou would've had to live in a cave for the last 40 years to have missed the health memo that too many saturated fats, particularly from animal sources, are harmful to your health.
For example, a quick tour of the American Heart Association website indicates that saturated fats:
- raise blood cholesterol levels and risk of heart attack and stroke
- come mainly from animal sources such as meats, eggs and dairy
- should be limited to less than 7% of your daily caloric intake
- should be replaced with fish, nuts, beans, legumes and perhaps liquid vegetable oils.
Am I ever stepping on a bloggers' landmine now, but how did we learn that animal saturated fats were associated with heart disease? Isn’t heart disease—the number one killer of adults worldwide—just part of getting older, as was thought several generations ago?
Thanks to a medical researcher with one of the most amazing careers ever, we've been able to prove this link. Unfortunately, in the nine years since his death (at age 100!) he has become a target on the internet by people with none of his credentials.
Let me introduce you to Dr. Ancel Keys. (I don’t know how you indicate two PhDs, because Dr. Keys got one from Scripps and one from Cambridge.) Why was he considered a genius during his long life, but has been attacked on the internet since he died in 2004?
Before you choose between a black bean or beef burger, let’s review his life work.
After positions at Harvard, the Mayo Clinic, and the University of Minnesota, he was selected by the War Department to develop a reliable source of calories for soldiers at war against the Nazis. Ever heard of K-rations? The K is for "Keys," as he developed the small box of meat, cheese, biscuits, chocolate and candies, along with cigarettes. (It was the 1940’s and this was considered the healthy stuff.) Those K-rations provided a reliable 3,300 calories a day to American soldiers during the tough war years.
After the war, Dr. Keys was asked to study human starvation seen so commonly in WWII. In researching this, he observed that the number of heart attacks among European citizens fell in many countries during WW11. Was the wartime diet of largely plant-based foods low in animal fat (due to poverty and scarcity) actually good for heart heath? Dr. Keys developed a theory, called the diet-heart hypothesis, that food influenced the risk of heart disease, an idea that challenged the notion that heart disease was just an aging process.
He presented the hypothesis in 1955 using data from available sources derived from six countries with records indicating very different diets in terms of calories from fat (ranging from Japan at less than 10% of calories to the USA, with nearly 40% of calories from fat). This data showed that the more fat in the diet, the more deaths.
And guess what?
His ideas were attacked by colleagues who said it was not food. Two vocal critics (Yersuhalmy and Hilleboe) in 1957 presented their data from 22 countries, measured back in 1950, which showed the same relationship Keys reported but not quite as strong! What a critique! Their analysis actually went beyond Keys in suggesting that it was specifically animal fats and protein, not just total fat, that were linked to increased cardiac death. Vegetable fats and protein were associated with lower rates of cardiac death.
What did Professor Keys do in response to criticism? He planned the first international prospective evaluation of diet and death rates, using large teams of researchers visiting 16 communities in seven countries with very different dietary patterns. The teams measured details of diet, labs and even EKGs in originally healthy persons. The Seven Countries Study began in September, 1958 and published results in beginning in 1970 in over 12,000 subjects.
Papers published in peer-reviewed medical journals demonstrated that the diet-heart hypothesis was correct and that increasing percentages of calories from animal saturated fats and protein were associated with increasing death rates from heart disease. The American Heart Association diet guidelines used today are still Keys’ guidelines.
Was he done with his research?
No way. He became interested in the diet of the Italians in the early 1950s and saw very low death rates from heart disease. He was the first to describe the Mediterranean Diet, a lifestyle that is celebrated today as an excellent model for health.
The book he wrote with his wife, Eat Well and Stay Well, was the first of its kind and sold enough copies so that Keys was able to purchase a home in Italy. Perhaps that's why he lived to over 100!
Dr. Keys went on to grace the cover of Time Magazine and was called "Mr. Cholesterol" for his seminal observations on diet and heart health. Many university lectures and awards continue to be named in his honor.
While the dead can no longer answer their critics, his amazing research career speaks for itself and has been confirmed by multiple observations that diets rich in plants and low in animal fats are associated with the longest survival. In fact, a new peer-reviewed research study of over 1.3 million persons again confirmed the relationship of increasing meat consumption and increased death rates.
The next time you push your cart past the dairy and meat department of your local grocer to spend more time and money in the produce section, think for a moment of Dr. Ancel Keys, the man who stood up to criticism, did the hard work, and taught us so much about health.
Pick the black bean burger.
Photo Credit: Shutterstock.comFAMILIES Abandoning Teens in Nebraska
By Jackie Burrell
Friday, September 26th, 2008 at 2:57 pm in Other.
We’ve all heard of “safe haven” laws that allow parents to abandon a child, usually a baby under age 1, to authorities without being punished. But Nebraska legislators passed an unusual variation that allows parents to abandon not just babies, but children and teens up to age 19 – never expecting people really would. Ahem. In what adoption expert Adam Pertman calls the “worst-case scenario of unintended consequences,” at least 16 children and teens have been abandoned in the last three months. On Wednesday evening alone, three fathers abandoned their children at hospitals in Omaha. One was a widower who left nine of his ten children, ages 1 to 17, saying he couldn’t handle parenthood anymore. Relatives have since contacted the hospital, offering to take the siblings in and saying the father never called them for help.
We’re speechless. Your thoughts?
[You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.]
September 29th, 2008 at 1:55 pm
If a parent is willing to abandon his children, then he’s capable of doing far worse. At least this gives bad parents an option that isn’t violent.
September 29th, 2008 at 5:01 pm
My question is: How does a 17 year old let him/herself be dropped off (abandoned)?
question #2: what kind of car is this guy driving? Nine (9) kids…..POSTED: 01:30 a.m. HST, Oct 11, 2012
LAST UPDATED: 02:23 a.m. HST, Oct 11, 2012
WASHINGTON » Mitt Romney is seen by more voters in three battleground states as a strong leader after his dominant debate performance last week, but perceptions that the economy is improving remain a firewall there for President Barack Obama as the 2012 campaign comes down to its final weeks.
The latest Quinnipiac University//CBS News poll, of likely voters in the three states, Colorado, Virginia and Wisconsin, found no sharp movement after the debate and the news last Friday that the unemployment rate in September had dropped below 8 percent for the first time since" Obama holds a slim advantage in Virginia and Wisconsin, and remains tied with Romney's national poll numbers over the past week. The three battleground polls suggest that challenges remain for, Medicare.
And in those states, Obama's months of advertising attacking Romney's character appears to have worked. The president maintains significant leads over Romney on the issue of trust and honesty. Nearly 60 percent of voters in Virginia and Wisconsin say Obama is trustworthy and honest; just 47 percent say the same of Romney.
Suzanne DiLisi, 44, a restaurant worker from Marshall, Va., said Wednesday that she planned to vote for Obama because of concerns that Romney would not help lower-income people like herself.
"Financially speaking, I believe Romney will cut the debt," DiLisi said. "But he will do it at the expense of people who are already suffering."
She pointed to Romney's comment that 47 percent of Americans are dependent on government.
"Those remarks, they were awful," she said. "As president, you literally have to work for the very poor to the very rich."
The , in collaboration with Quinnipiac University and CBS News, is tracking the presidential race with recurring polls in six states. The current surveys, which have margins of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points for each candidate, were conducted from Oct. 4 to Oct. 9, after the debate in Denver.
Officials with both campaigns expressed confidence about success in Virginia and Wisconsin. Romney's campaign hopes that his selection of Rep. Paul D. Ryan of Wisconsin as his running mate will help him in a state that Obama won decisively in 2008. In Virginia, Obama and Romney have each fielded intensive on-the-ground operations and millions of dollars in ads.."
Obama's campaign strategists said the president was working hard to repeat his 2008 victory in the state. He has visited Virginia 44 times since becoming president, officials said.
"It was always going to be close," said Rep. Gerald E. Connolly, D-Va.
He said fundraising and enthusiasm had actually picked up since. Romney fares better in Colorado among women than he does in the other two states.
"We are basically sitting at a statistical tie today," said James Garcia, Romney's state director in Colorado. But he said enthusiasm for Obama. Earlier this summer, just over half of his voters said that.
HOW THE POLLS WERE CONDUCTED
The latest Quinnipiac University//CBS News polls included telephone interviews conducted Oct. 4 through Oct. 9 with a total of 4,449 adults in Colorado, Virginia and Wisconsin. Of these, 4,089 said they were registered to vote.
Results are based on 1,254 likely voters in Colorado, 1,288 likely voters in Virginia and 1,327 3 percentage points in either direction from what would have been obtained by seeking to interview all voters in each of the states..Your baby's motor development
At around 3 months
- Your baby can now hold his head straight when you hold him in your arms.
- His back is more toned when you hold him in a sitting position.
- If you lie him down on his stomach, he lifts his head and rests on his forearms for a few moments.
- Lying on his back, he takes turns in stretching and bending his legs.
- He is fascinated by his hands and he spends a lot of time looking at them.
- If you put a rattle in his hand, he automatically holds on to it then lets it go.The web giant's share price has soared, but it could learn lessons from its Silicon Valley rival.Friday, 5 April 2013 - 10:56am
Apple's grip on the multi-billion-dollar tablet computer industry is showing the first signs of loosening, as arch-rival Samsung doubled its market share in the last quarter.Saturday, 2 February 2013 - 3:28pm
While Democrat leader Harry Reid said the parties remained 'apart on some pretty big issues', his Republican counterpart Mitch McConnell claimed to be speaking directly to vice-president Joe Biden, in an effort to 'jump-start' the stalled talks.Monday, 31 December 2012 - 10:45am
The most pressing issue facing Washington is to steer the economy away from the fiscal cliff, a debt accord would ensure his place in history.Friday, 23 November 2012 - 4:53pm
After the Republicans wrestled back control of the House of Representatives in late 2010, Washington could not achieve it except for last-ditch deals hatched in the shadow of potential calamities like national default.Friday, 9 November 2012 - 2:49pm
The president faces an urgent challenge to prevent the gridlock that scarred his first term as fears grew that politicians will fail to cut a deal to stop the economy falling over a 'fiscal cliff'.Thursday, 8 November 2012 - 9:47am
The issues piling up on the Oval Office desk start with the American economy but quickly spread to challenges overseas. Here we look at those likely to shape the next four years.Wednesday, 7 November 2012 - 6:18am
The winner of the election must act decisively to avert the so-called fiscal cliff of spending cuts and tax rises or risk tipping the global economy back into recession, the world's biggest economies have warned.Tuesday, 6 November 2012 - 2:24pm
The most pessimistic economists estimate the damage from Hurricane Sandy will knock a few percentage points off US economic growth this quarter.Friday, 2 November 2012 - 4:09pm
Hurricane Sandy threatens to cause significant damage to the US economy, with some experts warning that its impact could even be bad enough to slow America's economic growth this quarter.Tuesday, 30 October 2012 - 6:33pm.
WINTER
Monday, May 25th; Friday, July 3rd; Monday, Sept. 7th; Thursday & Friday, Nov. 26 & 27; and Thursday & Friday, Dec. 24th & 25th.
County News
May 12, 2015
May 1, 2015
April 3, 2015
December 10, 2014
October 16, 2014
Statewide Resources
Counties Main Menu
- County Home
- 4-H & Youth
- Agriculture & Environment
- Business & Community
- Families & Healthy Living
- Events
Connect with
Buchanan County
2600 Swan Lake Blvd., Suite A
Independence, Iowa 50644
(319) 334-7161
Buchanan County Events
- Closed for Memorial Day
05/25/2015
- Extension Council Meeting
06/08/2015
- RESHOW - Commercial Ag Weed, Insect & Plant Disease CIC
06/15/2015
- RESHOW - Seed Treatment
06/15/2015
- RESHOW - Ornamental & Turf Applicators
06/17
Maybe it’s the fantastical plot twists on HBO’s Game of Thrones, or perhaps just lingering Coachella-fever that has us pining for spindly, sultry, bohemian body jewels. Whatever the cause, we’ve started imagining these enchanting chains — a whole range of understated hand adornments, heavy-metal shoulder toppers, and armor-like chest pieces — starring in our spring and summer wardrobes.
Layered over a basic tee and paired with washed denim for a day of errands, worn atop a wispy dress for date night, or layered underneath, well, anything, these body adornments promise to add a kick of Black Magic Woman sex appeal to whatever you’re rocking. Not down with the heavier armor? Fair enough, but we've got cascading ear cuffs and delicate hand pieces that are fit for a California goddess, just for you. Ready to see what we mean? Click through for 7 bewitching body baubles.
Now we're email buddies!The Johnson family committed to revitalizing their local surroundings in downtown Racine. Their mission was realized with the construction of the Johnson building - a landmark facility that houses three companies that fall under the family umbrella: Johnson Financial Group, Johnson Outdoors, and Johnson Keland Management.
This building offers efficiently programmed space, clear way finding for visitors, substantial room for events and gatherings and superior views of nearby Lake Michigan. Designed in collaboration with world-renowned sustainability expert William McDonough + Partners, the facility showcases green building features such as day lighting, locally-sourced building materials, superior air quality and energy-saving fixtures.
Awards:
ASID WI Chapter Silver Award, 2002
- Racine, WI
- 160,000 sq ft
- LEED O+MClassical Commercials: Can Gounod Sell Shampoo? Actually, Yes.
Thursday, January 30, 2014
Sunday’s Super Bowl will feature 55 commercials and chances are, some of them will feature a symphony or an opera aria embedded in the soundtrack. Classical music in advertising goes back decades but its purpose has changed – becoming more self-referential, ironic and often comedic in its use.
"Classical music is very serious in its nature and so often the use is polarized,” said Randall Foster, the director of licensing and business development at Naxos, which supplies recordings to advertisers. "Either it’s taken on its face value... or, on the far spectrum, there’s a great irony in placing something very classical and rigid under a very funny storyline.”
Foster cites an ad for Herbal Essences shampoo, which premiered during the Grammy Awards telecast. The cheeky spot features a snippet of soprano Ana Maria Martinez singing "Je veux vivre" from Gounod's Romeo and Juliette. A voiceover quotes lines from Shakespeare's play while a male character follows the female protagonist around (and into a shower) with a handheld camera.
Advertisers have sought to contrast everyday products with classical music’s "upscale" associations, at least since Kellogg's introduced a Rice Krispies campaign in the 1960s touting "great moments at breakfast” and featuring reworked versions of Pagliacci and Carmen. But as piracy and illegal file-sharing cut into album sales over the last decade, advertising is increasingly viewed as an important revenue stream for musicians and labels.
"People are up for it,” said Jerry Krenach, the managing director of global music production at the agency McGarryBowen. “It’s evident too in the way that labels and publishers promote the uses of songs," he said.
In 2012, McGarryBowen won the account for United Airlines, which had just finished a merger with Continental. Among the holdovers through the acquisition was United's signature Rhapsody in Blue theme. Krenach and his colleagues wanted to give the piece a reboot, so they commissioned a recording of a new arrangement played by the London Symphony Orchestra. “Part of what I wanted to do was approach it from a cinematic perspective,” said Krenach. “I wanted to get as much as we could out of that piece.”
The campaign launched with a 60-second spot called “Orchestra,” featuring a full symphony on the plane, complete with timpani in the business class seats (some commentators noted an irony in this given the well-publicized troubles some musicians have faced carrying their instruments onto planes).
Rhapsody in Blue remains under copyright, so United pays a licensing fee to the Gershwin estate (Krenach declined to cite a specific figure, though United’s initial layout in 1987 was $300,000). But much of the classical canon is in the public domain. “If I’m working with someone on a strict budget it tends to help the bottom line to stick with public domain music,” said Foster. “The creative drives everything and if the entire ad is built around modern music, Mozart won’t fit the bill.”
For advertisers who shell out $4 million for a 30-second spot during the Super Bowl, licensing fees may not be a major concern. But for Doritos, a classical soundtrack has become a signature of its annual “Crash the Super Bowl” contest. The chip maker invites people to submit 30-second, homemade Doritos television commercials. Two Super Bowl ads will result – one selected by the votes and one by the Doritos marketing team. The winning creator receives $1 million in prize money. Below is one of the five finalists (the rest can be viewed here):
Some pieces like Carmen or Beethoven's Fifth Symphony have a timeless appeal. But are there overlooked pieces that advertisers should consider? “If I have to pick anything that I’m just dying to get placed, we release an awful lot of recordings of modern composers,” said Foster. “I would love to see their music utilized in the advertising space. It’s not a win for classical music now; it’s a win for classical music in the future."
Below are a couple more examples. The first is a Verizon spot that Krenach helped produce using Philip Glass's score to "The Fog of War."
Foster helped secure a performance of Orff's Carmina Burana for this Google Play spot:
Listen to the full podcast above and tell us below: what do you think of the use of classical music in commercials?
Hosted by:Naomi Lewin
Editors:Brian Wise
More in:
There have been tv series that had very nice music composed for them.
Morse, The Tudors, The White Queen, Inspector Dalgleish and some original scores for films. Have not seen enough of Black Sails as yet. God what a wallow.
On a lighter note (no pun intended), it's a good thing the orchestra on the plane in the 2012 commercial didn't have to go through US Customs - the instruments may have been doomed to the same fate as Krystian Zimerman's pianos.
"The Shadow" used part of "Omphale's Spinning Wheel".
Karin Krueger has spoken for me better than I could have. I decry the degradattion, and to me, the bastardization of the high art we love so dearly for any and all commercial purposes. Let the hucksters hire and continue to hire composers to compose original jingles, background music, and the like. Though this may seem inconsistent, and perhaps it is, I didn't and still don't mind hearing excerpts from classical/opera as the intros to radio soap operas, "but not for selling its wares. In fact, the most outstanding and creative use of classical music/opera for a popular television series was the television series "The Lone Ranger". In addition to originally composed background music, you can hear brief excerpts from "Die Fledermaus", "Der fliegende Holla"nder", "Martha", "Euryanthe", to say nothing of the Guillaume Tell Overture. Flash Gordon used part of Liszt's "Les Preludes", Sgt. Preston of the Yukon used Reznicek's "Donna Diana Overture". Bulldog Drummond used part of the I Vespri Siciliani Overture. As was mentioned, in those days, all of these treasures were part of our common culture that we learned about at home and in school.
@Karin: Good comments. There is a fine line between caricature and real understanding/love of classical music. At this point, I'd be happy with the general public at least being aware -- that way, there could be interest generated.
Without awareness, -- well, there is no awareness.
DD~~
The tactic of using classical music in the background of advertisements and movies has been around since silent movies. In fact, how many of us remember watching cartoons as kids, with classical music used ironically, contrasting the antics on the screen. Or the caricature of an opera singer in many a Looney Tunes. This is fine for those of us brought up in households with the love of classical music, but for those I know who did not grow up with classical music in the background, this type of exposure does nothing to create an appreciation of the genre. If you develop a negative or, at best, a comical association with a type of music, it will stay with you. Never again can you hear that music without the original association. As much as I loved Disney’s Fantasia with its generally sensitive visualization of classical music, to this day I find it hard to hear Dance of the Hours without having the comic images a dancing hippos come before my eyes – which greatly hinders in the appreciation of the music. So for me, I prefer the approach the Met has been using in recent years to popularize the genre – but I don’t if it’s been effective.
Years ago, MacDonalds advertised using Lyric Opera of Chicago and used a scene from I believe LaBoheme. British Air has used music from Lakme, I catch classical music quite often in films. In the John Wayne western, She Wore a Yellow Ribbon, Victor Mclagglan(?) is walking into the blacksmiths shop and while he is entering the shop, you hear an Irish jig, while in the shop you hear the hammering of the Nibelungen, Victor leaves the shop and the Irish Jig continues. In another John Wayne western, The Cowboys, you hear Vivaldi while the group is looking over a beautiful hillside. There was also a tv commercial years ago for Belmont Racetrack that also used Vivaldi's music.
This represents a curious time in America.As this country becomes more musically illiterate,the most basic classical pieces sound exotic.It is totally unrealistic to expect fans who listen to Jay-Z,Katy Perry,and even those who enjoy Celine Dion or Lorde to appreciate Schoenberg or Boulez in a commercial.We therefore get the "William Tell Overture","Carmina Burana","Rhapsody in Blue",and the usual suspects that commenters on this site label "Classical Lite".- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge Text
As new cases of canine influenza spread across several states, veterinarians are urging vigilance after hundreds of dogs contracted the virus.
Last month, more than 1,000 pooches got dog flu in Chicago, while one in the Atlanta area and another one in Ohio tested positive this week.
Other positive results have been reported in various states, including Iowa, Indiana, Massachusetts and New York, according to Cornell University.
Here's what you need to know about the virus:
What causes it?
Dog flu is caused by two viruses -- A H3N8 and A H3N2 -- which only affect animals, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Can humans get it?
No evidence has been found of transmission from dogs to people, experts say.
Is it safe to take my dog to the park?
Depends on where you live.
As a precaution, dog owners in states affected by the virus should avoid dog parks, grooming spots and other areas where pets gather. The virus can especially spread among dogs staying in kennels and shelters.
What strain is causing the U.S. outbreak?
The U.S. outbreak is as a result of a virus closely associated with the H3N2 strain, according to Cornell University. The revelation spurred concerns because the strain, which is mostly found in Asia, had not been detected in North America until last month.
How did the virus start?
The most recent one afflicting the U.S., the H3N2 strain, is an avian flu virus that's different from its human counterpart. In addition to dogs, it affects cats, and was first reported in the United States last month. Before then, it was mostly limited to countries such as China and Thailand.
The second one, the H3N8 strain, originated in horses before it crossed over to dogs, and the first U.S. case of the virus in pups was reported in 2004.
"Scientists believe this virus jumped species (from horses to dogs) and has adapted to cause illness in dogs and spread among dogs, especially those housed in kennels and shelters," the CDC says.
Is dog flu fatal?
Yes and no.
While a small percentage of dogs die, others can get severely sick when pneumonia sets in. Some dogs show no symptoms at all, the CDC says. In the latter cases, a veterinarian can conduct a test to detect the virus in dogs.
What are the symptoms?
Signs of dog flu are similar to humans' flu. The animals cough, get a runny nose, are lethargic, lose appetite and have a fever. But some dogs don't show any symptoms.
How is dog flu treated?
There's no specific treatment because it's a viral disease, but dogs can get supportive care to boost immunity. If a secondary bacterial infection is diagnosed, antibiotics can be prescribed. A vaccine is also available in the United States, but only for H3N8, the CDC says. It's not known whether it can help prevent the newest strain -- H3N2 -- which is causing the latest outbreak.A Clifford man sought in an armed robbery was arrested Sunday by the Beech Grove Police Department, a few hours after the Bartholomew County Sheriff’s Department arrested a Nineveh man driving a truck similar to the robbery suspect’s vehicle.
David M. Keen, 29, 4963 Sugar St., Clifford, has been placed on 72-hour hold by the Beech Grove Police Department on two charges of armed robbery, auto theft and fleeing police. He is being held in connection with robberies at gas stations Thursday and Saturday.
A University of Indianapolis police officer spotted a stolen brown van Saturday night after the second robbery. The driver got away, but not for long.
The vehicle description and tips from the public helped the Beech Grove Police Department locate the driver and make an arrest.
Meanwhile, the sheriff’s department arrested David Denson, 41, Nineveh, on preliminary charges of dealing and manufacturing methamphetamine.
The sheriff’s department received a call about 2 a.m. Sunday to be on the lookout for Keen, believed to be driving an older-model red Chevy pickup truck. Beech Grove police thought he was headed toward his residence in Clifford.
An older-model red Chevy pickup truck was passing by Deputy Jason Williams about that time. Williams attempted to stop the truck, but the driver fled behind a home on the 4000 block of East County Road 400N. Homeowners heard the disturbance, and two of the four reportedly came out of their home with guns.
Williams ordered the residents to the ground, and they complied.
“They did the correct thing once the officer engaged them,” Maj. Todd Noblitt, spokesman for the sheriff’s department, said.
Deputies found the red pickup truck behind the house near a wooded area. Inside, they found the makings of a methamphetamine lab.
“The people in the vehicle actually had somewhat of a meth lab,” Noblitt said. “That’s the reason they were attempting to evade the deputy.”
Denson was in the truck and was arrested and taken to the Bartholomew County Jail about 4 a.m. Sunday.
“These people were definitely in the wrong place at the wrong time,” Noblitt said. “It was not the suspects in the armed robbery, but they did have a meth lab.”Wrap up a luxe fall look with Donna Karan's ribbed merino wool and cashmere-blend arm warmers. Team them with an oversized knit and shearling boots for a sumptuous texture mismatch.
Donna Karan arm warmers: charcoal ribbed merino wool and cashmere-blend, rolled cuffs, thumb hole. Slip on. 70% merino wool, 30% cashmere. Dry clean. Designer color: Flannel.
Product code: 169259 - Need help? Contact usKerkhoven woman pleads to burglary at Spicer property, gets stayed prison
WILLMAR — Dawn Jean Meyer, 39, of Kerkhoven, pleaded guilty and was sentenced Monday on a felony charge of second-degree burglary for her role in burglarizing an occupied residence last June in rural Spicer.
WILLMAR — Dawn Jean Meyer, 39, of Kerkhoven, pleaded guilty and was sentenced Monday on a felony charge of second-degree burglary for her role in burglarizing an occupied residence last June in rural Spicer.
She was sentenced to 28 months in prison, which was stayed, and must serve 10 years of probation and 150 days in jail and pay a $1,500 fine.
As part of her sentence handed down in Kandiyohi County District Court, Meyer was given credit for four days already served in custody and 120 days of the jail time can be deferred if she is in compliance with probation conditions.
As part of a plea agreement, the charge was amended from first-degree level and another felony for theft was dismissed.
Meyer was one of three people charged in the case. Shane Allen Peterson, 27, of Willmar, pleaded guilty in August to a second-degree burglary count, but is now under evaluation for mental competency.
William Michael Peterson, 43, of Willmar, faces aiding and abetting first-degree burglary and theft charges, and has a March 19 pretrial hearing and a March 26 jury trial..Obama: Vote for McAuliffe Is Vote for Progress - Presented by: The Aol. On Network.Whenever you are getting ready to buy or sell a residence, taking the temperature of the Morris County housing market is part of how you prepare to engage. When Morris County real estate prices are on the rise, bargain hunters know they’ll have to scramble. When Morris County real estate prices are flat or on […]
Small Business
Automotive and jewellery and accessories a lucrative entry point for online stores says Bigcommerce.com
- From: news.com.au
- February 03, 2014
Automotive is the fast-growing online retail category by revenue, according to Bigcommerce.com. Picture: ThinkStock. Source: ThinkStock
THERE is a lot of money to be made in setting up your own online store. But with e-commerce trends going a certain way, there are more lucrative areas than others. Where will your cash cow lie?
Automotive could be the biggest money-maker with revenue in the online retail space growing 89% in 2013 compared to 2012, according to analysis from e-commerce software start-up Bigcommerce.com based on its 50,000 customers. The increase in automotive sales is being fuelled by demand for aftermarket parts and accessories.
If sourcing car parts sounds a bit challenging to you then jewellery and accessories could be the way to go. The category has seen a 31% in revenue per store. Fashion has seen a 4% dip and has become more and more competitive so jewellery and accessories, which enterprising creative people can make themselves, is a path in for online retailers looking to establish themselves.
Avoid venturing into books, music and movies, these categories have dropped 14% year-on-year thanks to competition from the likes of iTunes, Netflix and Amazon.
Bigcommerce.com co-founder and co-CEO Eddie Machaalani said: "It's never been easier to set up and run an online store, so many Australians are actually running a hobby business to supplement their regular income. There are a growing number of Australians who are moonlighting - they're running an online store despite currently working in full-time and part-time roles.
"On some occasions, these 'hobby stores' end up becoming so big that the owner ends up quitting their day job to concentrate on their store."
Mr Machaalani added that women on maternity leave often started online stores.
###
Will housing bubble pop in 2017?
DEPENDING on who you ask, Australia is either on the verge of the biggest housing crash in its history, or everything is just fine.You may not have heard of Moby, but if you listen to his new album, you won't forget about him any time soon. Moby's newest release is a compilation of his contributions to popular movies and shows, including "Twin Peaks," The Saint, Scream and Tomorrow Never Dies (the upcoming James Bond movie). Moby emerged in the early 90s as one of the vanguards of dance and techno music, and I Like to Score gives the listener a good taste of the depth and versatility of this outspoken artist's musical talent.
From reading the philosophical musings on the liner notes as well as listening to the music, one can tell that Moby's work revolves around some elemental themes: humanity, love, sex and spirituality. To develop these, Moby uses a wide range of sounds and beats. His ambient work, exemplified in the slow and encompassing melodies of "Novio" and "God Moving Over the Face of the Waters," are profoundly spiritual. He goes on to explore human passion in the pulsating, guitar-ridden and intensely sexual "Oil 1," and love in the deeply emotional "Love Theme." "Love Theme" is possibly the best song on the album, with its beautiful guitar work, tender, slow beats and a deep, rich background bass.
For all those who want a CD they can get up and dance to, not to worry; all of Moby's work on this album is not quite so heavy. The funky "I Like to Score" and "First Cool Hive" are catchy tunes, as is the "James Bond Theme"--a high-energy, danceable new track that will be released as a single in the near future. The most intriguing thing about Moby that manifests itself on this album is his musical flexibility, which is evident in the way his work on this album ranges from the sweeping mystical ambient-style of "Grace", to the fast-paced, hard grating electronica of "Ah-Ha". There is no doubt that the listener gets a full plate with this CD--it has music you can fall asleep to as well as play at your next party.
Another great thing about this album is that it is extremely accessible and easy to enjoy, even if one doesn't have a great knowledge of techno music. With the recent popularity of groups such as the Prodigy, it is easy to associate techno with just one kind of sound without realizing all of the different forms that electronica can take on. Although Moby isn't quite as well known as some other dance/techno icons, he is undoubtedly one of the best musicians because one can hear traces of his stylistic elements in acts such as Orbital, the Prodigy, Underworld and the Crystal Method. I Like to Score is an album that is easy to listen to and can also serve as a primer for the listener to experience different types of techno music.
No matter what the style, one word can describe all of the songs on I Like to Score, and that word is "consuming." Throw this disc in your CD player some time. You can sit and think about the music or just kick back and let it play in the background, but whatever you choose remember to be careful with this album--you could get lost in it.January 28 2013
7:34 PM
Palmer tests RocketBladez irons.Shared Tutorials, Articles and White Papers
Tutorials, Articles and White Papers Shared by the Internet Community
Advertisements
Web Hosting Security 2014A growing threat for hyper-connected and Internet-dependent businesses, cyber attacks are a burning issue in the world of web hosting. The white paper Web Hosting Security 2014 examines the extent to which businesses are vulnerable to data breaches and gi
Provide Satisfactory Customer Service From Online HelpdeskWhen you’ve many customer complaints, you would want to prioritize your work so that you can provide satisfactory service. For instance, customers seeking information can wait for a while but customers that have major problems would want you to respond
Whitepaper Series Part 1 - Underwater ConnectivityThis white paper represents the first in a series focused on the critical to quality requirements of connector and cable assembly applications in extreme environments. Ranging from underwater to oil and gas, the series will address key specifications th
Oracle Exadata & ExalogicThere is a great technology behind oracle database server and application server that is nothing but Oracle Exadata and Oracle Exalogic little introduction and its feature in this whitepaper.
NoSQLMy another article is about NoSQL - Not only SQL it is a Query Language used by many database vendor for Big Data technology.
Hadoop TechnologyThis article is about Hadoop Technology which is most popular and open source tool used in Big Data every where.
Computer Basics Computer BasicsBy submitting any of the above documents , the poster warrants that the document does not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party and/or that the paper only uses third-party work pursuant to proper license.
Zento.in - Cloud Based Employee Expense Management SoftwareGeneral Data Private Limited has signed a contract with a major provider of cable TV and broadband services in India for implementation of an end-to-end employee travel and expense management system. The system, known as Zento, will enable the service pr
Offshore Development Partnership Adds Value and Results forOur partner is a management consulting company, specializing in operational performance management and bench-marking consulting and is based in Glasgow, Scotland. The business provides management consulting solutions to the public and private sector, incl.
AdvertisementsLatest Gabrielle Stories
The 5’11 beauty shrank to 70 pounds, and is now sharing her story with the world. Atlanta, GA (PRWEB) December 11, 2014 At sweet 16, Actors, Models
Ads for New All Natural, Zero Calorie Sweetener Made from the Stevia Plant to Appear in August Magazines CHICAGO, June 23 /PRNewswire/ -- Excited to put a face on its great tasting, all natural, zero calorie sweetener PureVia(TM), Whole Earth Sweetener Company today announced health icon and beach volleyball champion Gabrielle (Gabby) Reece will be featured au naturel in bold print advertisements for the all natural product. To view the Multimedia News Release, go to:...
By Shiraz Sidhva PARIS (Hollywood Reporter) - Jac
By Clara Ferreira-Marques VENICE (Reuters) - Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain," a tale of homosexual love in the mountains of Wyoming, won Venice's Golden Lion on Saturday, beating film festival favorite George Clooney in the race to take the top prize.
- The analysis of literature, focusing on the words and grammar to the exclusion of context or literary merit.This webcam is currently assigned to user_1935. It was originally added on October 01, 2010 and has been viewed 47,856 times since then. The current picture above was taken 13 minutes ago, thereby the webcam seems to be currently active. So far, it was added to their personal favorites on webcams.travel by 4 people.CoverMeDriving.com guides you step by step to save on your auto insurance.
Step 1: Just Complete the Simple and FREE Form!
Get started by entering your ZIP code and you will be on your way to comparing rates in just a few minutes.
Step 2: Matched with Top Auto Insurance Providers
Agents will contact you with specific policies and rates available to you. Zero obligation and risk free!
Step 3: Compare Quotes Easily
Compare custom auto insurance quotes from a range of providers by using just one form!
Start Saving On Your Auto Insurance!
It is easy to save on auto insurance with multiple providers competing for your business.Username
Forgot your password?
[SCOREBOARD] Newcastle United closed out its tour of the United States with a 3-0 win over the Columbus Crew. New Hampshire, Jersey, Carolina and the Chicago Fire Premier won first-round PDL playoff games. For all the action ... CONCACAF CHAMPIONS LEAGUE Preliminary Round, First Leg Results: 27 Toronto FC vs. Real Esteli (Nic.) Metapan (El Sal.) vs. Puerto Rico Islanders Santos (Mex.) vs. Olimpia (Hond.) 27 Charleston vs. Portsmouth (England) Standings: PTS TEAM W-L-T +/- 42 Carolina 13-2-2 38/14 28 Puerto Rico 8-4-5 27/24 25 FC Edmonton 7-6-4 21/22 22 NSC Minnesota 6-4-7 19/16 21 FC Tampa Bay 5-5-6 20/23 18 Ft. Lauderdale 3-5-9 23/26 12 Montreal 2-9-6 14/19 9 Atlanta 2-11-3 17/35 Schedule: July 27 FC Tampa Bay vs. FC Edmonton 30 Harrisburg 8-4-6 32/22 27 Los Angeles 7-4-6 29/20 23 Pittsburgh 6-10-5 19/29 18 FC New York 4-9-6 19/31 9 Dayton 1-12-6 16/41 Schedule: July 27 Dayton vs. Harrisburg City Schedule: Standings: PTS TEAM W-L-T +/- 27 Western NY 8-2-3 28/15 27 Philadelphia 8-3-3 26/15 16 Boston 4-5-4 16/15 16 Sky Blue FC 4-5-4 18/18 16 *magicJack 5-5-2 17/22 7 Atlanta 1-10-4 7/27 *penalized one point for non-compliance of league regulations. Schedule: July 27 Boston vs. Philadelphia magicJack vs. Sky Blue FC »Dear Margo: My boyfriend and I are in our mid-20s. Two years ago, I moved to a new city to live with him while he is attending school.
My friends from college live on the other side of the country.
I haven’t really made any new friends here, and my boyfriend isn’t that interested in meeting new people right now because he is focusing on school.
He gets angry when I tell him that it is hard for me to talk to new people without constantly worrying about whether I’m offending them. He thinks I’m paranoid.
How do I get past this?
— Feeling Untethered
Dear Untethered: You clearly kept your college friends, so I would say the difficulty is in your head. You might want to take an inventory of the strength of your feelings for your boyfriend. There is a chance you’re not happy with him, rather than the city.
If you’re committed to being together, try seeing a counselor about your sense of social inadequacy.
Dear Margo: I’m a 30-year-old single mom who is a teetotaler. My mother was a recovering alcoholic by the time I was born, and I have never seen my dad without a beer in his hand.
I’m dating a wonderful man who loves my son and me. Here’s the problem: If it’s just the two of us, I don’t mind if he drinks. When a few friends are at his house, however, I get panicky and uncomfortable. They tend to drink more heavily there. I’m not sure how to deal with that, aside from just leaving. One guy in particular is usually the one who suggests going back to his place “ to have some drinks.”
I just don’t want to let alcohol ruin my life, despite my careful avoidance.
— Uncomfortable
Dear Uncomfortable: If you can enlist your beau, perhaps the one guy who always wants to go back and “have some drinks” could be told the evening is over. If your beloved won’t go along with that, then call it a night before the others do.
Dear Margo is compiled for Creators Syndicate by Margo Howard.
dearmargo@creators.comLumiere Pendant
Lumiere F2959 Pendant is available in a Oil Rubbed Bronze finish with Clear Seeded glass. Available in a small or large. One 100 watt, 120 volt Edison A Shape type Medium base Incandescent lamp is required but not included. Small: 6.5 inch width x 15.5 inch height x 6.5 inch length. Large: 9.5 inch width x 20 inch height x 9.5 inch length. ETL Listed for Dry.Full Text of the Excerpt
And the whole family thought that I was just the most vicious child in the whole world. I had said, "Goddamn," and thrown a knife at my cousin. I don't think that they thought about my taking up for Sarah, it was my action toward my cousin. Well, bless God if they didn't all start after me again at the dinner table. "Annie, you've got the worst child that I've ever known, you've got to do something about her." Well, I got mad again and threw a glass of water at my cousin or my aunt, I don't know which. I had another tantrum and I was banished. I went on the back porch again, crying and sat in Nursey's lap and I could hear, it was right outside the dining room door and I heard my aunt say, "Annie, you've got to do something about that child." This was my Aunt May, the fashionable New Yorker, "She is the worst child that I have ever known in my life." She said, "Now, I do think that you have got to do something about that nurse of hers that spoils her so badly. She kisses and hugs that woman all the time. And you know, all those black women have disease and you don't know what she'll catch." Here I was sitting in Nursey's lap and of course, Nursey heard all of this. My mother didn't take up for Nursey but she took up for me.
She did try to take up for her daughter, but she didn't try to take up for her nurse and neither did my grandmother. You see, the nurse had been coming down there for seven years of my life and spending almost every summer and they knew her and they knew what a good woman she was and knew how kind she had been to us and what a faithful servant she was and yet, they did not defend her from this charge of being . . . of course, it was venereal disease that they were talking about. So, Nursey put me to bed that night and lay down by me until I went to sleep and the next morning,
she was gone. She had taken her daughter and left and she never came back.
- SUE THRASHER:
- She left on her own?
- VIRGINIA FOSTER DURR:
- She left on her own. She had been insulted and she left. She just up and left. And oh, the shock, to wake up in the morning and find Nursey gone! And Sarah gone. Everybody wondered what in the world had happened. Nobody could imagine why she had gone and I thought I knew, but of course, nobody was paying any attention to me. Maybe Mother had some suspicion of it, I don't know. Well, this was the first really great trauma of my life, because I lost this woman whom I had loved and who had looked after me for seven years. So, when we got back to Birmingham, she had gotten a job in the neighborhood with one of the neighbors and I used to go over and sit in the kitchen and just beg her to come back. Of course, she wouldn't do it. And Mother begged her to come back but she wouldn't do it. And that winter or spring, my grandmother died and I remember that I ran up to tell her that my grandmother had died and somehow I thought that if my grandmother had died, maybe she would come back to us. I associated the whole plantation with my grandmother. But she never came, wouldn't come. The strange thing was, she never lost her fondness for me. She would call occasionally and come to see us occasionally and as I said, years and years later in Washington, she remembered me. That's a curious story isn't it? It is absolutely a true story. But as you can see, between Nursey and Easter, I had a mighty hard time believing in the natural inferiority of the black race. Also, you see, I got accustomed to being looked after by blacks. They were my refuge in times of trouble and that was really the basis of my relationship with Mrs. Bethune, because Mrs. Bethune became translated into the black woman who looked after me and became my protector.This is a great city to raise children. The recreation for boys and girls are umlimited. Everyone looks out for everyone, helps people around you, and are very nice.
Login to reply to SperlingViews. (Membership is Free)
A great little town in a big city! - 4/13/2009
We have had the fortune of living in Cooper City for the last couple of years. The military moves us frequently and we are sad to be leaving this wonderful little community. The schools are great, everyone is friendly and the weather is nice year-round flip-flops![Comment on this Posting]
Very family-friendly - 11/10/2008
Wonderful parks and lots to do for kids.[Comment on this Posting]
cooper city - 10/6/2007
Great community for families. Very low crime rate. Excellent school system.[Comment on this Posting]
Housing, Taxes, Insurance totally out of control. - 4/19/2007
We moved here from KCMO almost 3 years ago as we thought it might be great for segwaying into retirement. We were totally wrong as the cost of living is out of control. Mainly housing, taxes, insurance. Bottom line, no way will my wife and I retire here. You can live in Tuscon for half the price and get alot more sunshine and a lot less rain![Comment on this Posting]
great for families - 7/14/2006
love the schools and great family recreation. cooper city sports complex offers it all for boys and girls[Comment on this Posting]
best place to raise a family - 4/30/2006
This is a great city to raise children. The recreation for boys and girls are umlimited. Everyone looks out for everyone, helps people around you, and are very nice.[Comment on this Posting]Leslie Johnson walked into the Prince George’s County Council chambers Tuesday morning and began her usual routine — joining her colleagues in prayer and the Pledge of Allegiance. Although most of the council didn’t know it, she had just handed in a resignation letter. Minutes later, she left through a back door.
It was Johnson’s first appearance in public since she pleaded guilty last week to destroying evidence in a federal investigation of county government corruption. At the time, Johnson (D-Mitchellville) said she would stay on the council until her sentencing in October, prompting vociferous objections from fellow politicians and the public. Tuesday’s letter moved the resignation date to July 31.
But Johnson’s unexplained change of heart did not buy her any sympathy. The other council members voted Tuesday to request her immediate departure. The council administrator said he would seize her cellphone, county car, parking pass and computer if she did not turn them over voluntarily.
“We would like Ms. Johnson to tender her resignation immediately,” council Chairman Ingrid Turner (D-Bowie) said after the closed-door meeting.
County Executive Rushern L. Baker III had already sounded an unequivocal call for Johnson’s departure, and after the news Tuesday, he said Johnson should not wait until the end of the month. “The resignation should be as quickly as possible,” Baker (D) told reporters.
Whether she bows to the pressure, Johnson — by moving up her departure — will spare the county additional political acrimony, which was building around her decision. The special election to choose her successor will be held months sooner. And she will forgo thousands of dollars in salary that would have been owed to her had she stayed on until her sentencing in October.
But the situation underscored the lack of teeth in the council’s governance mechanisms — something members have said they hope to change.
“We can continue to urge,” Turner said, noting that the panel has little legal power to force Johnson out of office.
In a written statement Tuesday, Johnson said: “My resignation is important for the constituents of District Six so that the District can be in the best possible position to continue to move forward. I again apologize for my mistake.”
At the council meeting, she said even less. After the pledge, Johnson, 59, was suddenly gone. She left the dais and went out the back door as the council voted to meet in the closed session to discuss her fate.
As several hundred county residents, including Acting Police Chief Mark Magaw, Acting Fire Chief Marc Bashoor and dozens of taxi drivers waited in the crowded council chamber for other items on the agenda, the council voted to go into a closed session.
When the council reemerged, Turner said it had voted unanimously to urge Johnson to resign immediately and would ask her to turn in her county-issued equipment. The council’s administrator, Bobby Williams, said later that the county could seize the items if Johnson did not turn them over voluntarily.
The council also reassigned her staff to report to Williams and will freeze grant funds that she, like every council member, was allowed to hand out to local nonprofit groups.
But as long as she remains on the council, Johnson will continue to draw her salary, which totals about $1,870 a week.
It was clear from Turner’s tone at a late afternoon news conference that the day had marked a turning point in the council’s relationship with Johnson.
“We have not had contact with Ms. Johnson,” said Turner, a political ally and sorority sister of Johnson’s. “We have not seen Ms. Johnson. We have not talked to Ms. Johnson.”
There is little in state or county law that gives the council or county government the tools to push her out.
Tuesday’s events were the latest chapter in a drama that began eight months ago, when she was arrested with $79,600 in cash in her bra and underpants. Other twists include her decision to take office despite her Nov. 12 arrest and her claim outside the courthouse that her actions were a simple “mistake.”
She had been overheard on a federal wiretap with her husband, then-County Executive Jack B. Johnson (D), discussing how to get rid of evidence of bribes from developers. Jack Johnson pleaded guilty last month to taking more than $400,000 in bribes. He will be sentenced in September.
Last week, Baker ended his long silence about Leslie Johnson and called for her to resign immediately. Four other council members — William A. Campos (D-Hyattsville), Mel Franklin (D-Upper Marlboro); Mary A. Lehman (D-Laurel) and Eric Olson (D-College Park) — also said Johnson should step down right away.
Until Turner told her fellow council members in the closed session that Johnson had offered to resign July 31, council members said they had no clue about what Johnson had planned for her return.
Baker, too, was caught by surprise, saying that a staff member had shown him a text message saying a rumor was flying that Johnson would quit.
The cloud cast by the Johnsons continues to hover over Baker’s administration, perpetuating the county’s reputation as a place where businesses must “pay to play,” Baker has said.
“We are a city on a hill,” Baker told the council Tuesday as he was introducing his choices for police chief, fire chief, budget director and finance director, all of whom were approved Tuesday. “The whole world is watching.”
Once Johnson resigns, the county has 45 to 60 days to hold the Republican and Democratic primaries and 60 to 90 days to conduct the special general election. County elections administrator Alisha Alexander said it will cost the county $200,000 to $250,000 to hold the primaries and general election in Johnson’s district, which has about 110,000 residents. Voter turnout in off-season and special elections generally has been low in the county, but this one could be different, depending on when it is held, because of the long spotlight Johnson has been under since her arrest.
Among those eyeing the race are several people who ran against Johnson in last year’s Democratic primary, including Venus Bethea, Derrick Leon Davis and Arthur Turner. Former council member Sam Dean, who had been rumored to be seeking his old seat, said he does not expect to run. “It is not in my plans,” Dean said.
Dean had been barred by term limits — two four year terms — from running last year, which opened the door for Johnson’s victory in the Democratic primary and general election.
Staff writers Ruben Castaneda, Hamil R. Harris and Avis Thomas-Lester contributed to this report.Article Preview
Road race: Martin, Bucs trample Vikings 36-17
Published 10/25/2012, Superior Telegram
Rookie Doug Martin racked up 214 total yards and two touchdowns, and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers blew out Minnesota 36-17 on Thursday night to hand the Vikings their first home loss of the season.Word count: 838
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.Just saying hey! and say your pic is soo pretty! have great day my friend! Hugs Kathy
Hi, I was prescribed 2 new meds. I'm also being sent to other doctors test. Thank you for
your prayers. I've been also having a computer problem. I may not be here a while. I taking it to be fixed. How are you doing? Hope your well.
Thanks for your friendship! hugs and blessings Kathy
Yes to day is a good day thanks.The fury babies are always funny.Hope you have a great weekend and feel better every day.xxxxxxxxx
thanks i hope it all goes well been nausea that last two days not good an lost appitite eat cause i know i have too just not hungry. the ceremony starts at 7:15 there is 600 kids and she at the very end. going to ride with ex and his mom and oldest son that should be interesting too. have a great weekend talk to you monday xoxo
Most definitely....we'll both win for sure!! HAPPY FRIDAY! I'm off to get ready....going to get my hair blonder.
I'll play....can I use your money?
Rastagirl was here! Girl....
Well I'm not feeling so well back is hurting and have other problems they can't find on their tests. I go back to rheumy tomorrow. How are you feeling?
Thats.FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Sept. 7, 2012
Contact: Bevin Theodore, Director of PR & Communications
610-799-7797
800-25-PEACE, ext. 7797
bevin.theodore@kidspeace.org
PALENVILLE, N.Y. – KidsPeace invites you to hit the links for a good cause at the third annual golf tournament to benefit the Children’s Fund.
The event is planned for 10 a.m., Sept. 29 at Rip Van Winkle Country Club in Palenville. Lunch; dinner; green fees for 18 holes; a cart; and beer, soda and water are included in the $90 registration fee. It’s $30 to just attend the dinner banquet.
Call 845-331-1815 to reserve a spot today or to donate raffle or auction items or be a tee sponsor.
Romeo Chevrolet is sponsoring a hole-in-one challenge, and the winner will receive a 2012 Buick Verano luxury sedan. Tee sponsors include WDST Radio Woodstock, which is also providing free radio advertising; Skip Barber Racing School, which has also donated auction items; Dutchess County Sheriff’s Department; and several local restaurants.
Funds raised from this tournament will go toward activities to help children build inner strength and self-esteem, including sports, summer and art camps, musical instruments, enrichment activities, independent living skills and “everyday items” all children deserve..Update: had a case-sensitive bug in the code. Fixed now.
A simple Javascript bookmarklet shows password field values.
In form fields where a password is entered, it is usually obscured by asterisks or bullets to prevent someone from seeing what you type. This is a great feature but where a long password is being typed or a remembered password is filled in by the browser, you might want to actually see the actual password itself.
Show Password Bookmarklet
Here is a bookmarklet (a snippet of Javascript that can be pasted into the address bar of your web browser), that will show any passwords on a page that contain password form fields.."); } )();
Just paste the above javascript into the address bar of your browser and press Enter, or create a bookmarklet link with the javascript as the URL. On this page you’ll see the password for the mock sign on form below.
This is nothing new.
This or similar javascript has been around for a while. This particular one was on raymond.cc (via etc.), but it needed to be fixed for some forms where fields have a null type property (an example is the sign on form for LinkedIn). The fix was adding f[i].type && to the if statement inside the inner for loop.
Formatted Javascript Code
If you’re interested in what is happening to make this work the formatted code is below.
Essentially, the variable F is set to the collection of forms on the page, which is looped through, examining every input field in each form testing if it’s of type “password.” If it is a “password” field, its value is appended to the string variable s. Once all the input fields in all the forms on the page have been sniffed, the string value is displayed in an alert.."); } )();
But Firefox already…
And yes, we know Firefox will show you passwords in the clear with Tools/Options/Security/Show Passwords.
This javascript, however, is easier to access if you have created a bookmarklet for it, plus it works in other browsers.
16 responses so far ↓
1 aksn1p3r // Nov 21, 2007 at 1:21 pm
Nice modifications and workarounds!
2 Beth Arrington // Nov 29, 2007 at 10:29 am
nice i love firefox!!!!
3 Duke // Mar 24, 2008 at 5:35 pm
try this code below. In this code it doesn’t popup the password but reveals the password there and there itself.
javascript:var els = document.getElementsByTagName(‘input’); for(var x=0; x<els.length; x++){ if(els[x].type.toLowerCase() == ‘password’ ){ var test = els[x].type = ‘text';}}
4 bill // Mar 25, 2008 at 6:38 pm
@Duke – yes, that works too.
5 yashu // Oct 26, 2008 at 1:04 am
actuallu i forgot the password written in my yahoomessenger.
any tips to view that password
6 Allan Kelly // Oct 12, 2009 at 3:20 pm
Thanks, but your code doesn’t work. Your 1st loop should be on ;j<F.length; – not on ;j<f.length; as you have published (twice) above.
With that fixed it works.
Cheers, al.
7 LOLA // Aug 11, 2010 at 6:55 pm
Their smiley face dudes are okay but i wanna see cooler dudes! :p Please find some new ones!
MOOD: anxious!!!!!
8 gopinath // Jan 12, 2011 at 2:50 am
• javascript:var els = document.getElementsByTagName(‘input’);for(var x = 0; x < els.length; x++) {if(els[x].type.toLowerCase() == 'password' ) {var test = els[x].type = 'text';}}
9 ashish // Jan 25, 2011 at 12:20 pm
When i work with this code,i dont find my desired result,so plz give me idea about how to use this code for see password
10 3bdullelah // Feb 24, 2011 at 8:36 am
Its easy ex: if you want to login in facebook , write your email and password, then copy the JavaScript code and paste into the address bar of your browser and press Enter. “Just that”>> as he say
Q: What is the useful from that?
11 muhammad // Jun 9, 2011 at 6:36 am
javascript:
(function() {
var s=””, F=document.forms,j,f,i;
for(j=0; j<f.length; ++j) {
f = F[j];
for (i=0; i< f.length; ++i) {
if(f[i].type && f[i].type.toLowerCase() == "password")
s += f[i].value + "\n";
}
}
if (s)
alert("Password fields:\n\n" + s);
else
alert("No password fields on this hotmail.");
}
)();
12 jon // Aug 22, 2011 at 1:50 pm
can,t work,,,,,plese help me…when i enter theis java script..then show password field……………..,,can,t show password,,,,,how can i do..
13 rebeen // Aug 27, 2011 at 1:54 pm
i forget my password
14 arun // Aug 31, 2011 at 8:45 pm
it’s not working anymore
15 bob // Dec 1, 2011 at 6:42 pm
can’t find my pass word.
16 bob // Dec 1, 2011 at 6:45 pm
had it formatted and cant get my gmail backVIDEO: Mom Punches Skater After He Knocks Over Her Son: Overreaction?
A California mom was seen punching a skater in the face after he accidentally slammed into her child while skateboarding. The YouTube video has already gotten over 1.5 million views. Watch it yourself and then answer: Was the punch an overreaction or was mama bear just trying to protect her kid?
NYDAILYNEWS.COM reports:
NYDAILYNEWS.COM reports:
A California skater who accidentally slams into a little boy gets punched in the face by the boy's furious mother.
Read More:...
Top Opinion
- Melicious Kiss of PHAET 2013/08/27 22:24:22Yes, too violent+48A toddler has no business being in a skate park, supervised or otherwise. The skater is travelling at relatively high speeds (for a skateboard) with no brakes when the toddler ran in front of him. He had no time to stop. Furthermore, he showed remorse and was trying to help. The mother completely over reacted. As a mom I understand over reacting, but resorting to violence is taking it too far, what is she teaching her child?
See Votes by State
Living
2015/05/22 10:11:13
Hot Questions on SodaHead
More Hot Questions
More Community More Originals
I for example am a 17 year old girl who train kung-fu, if you think my punch wont hurt you're wrong.
I pity her husband.....if he's still around.
I apologize if this sounded rude.
The kid was not paying attention to where he was going (understandable given his age) and the skater immediately stopped and went back to see if he was ok.
I understand the whole "mama bear" thing, but she waaaaaaaaay over-reacted.
Go back to the beginning of the clip and pretend you're the cameraman. The collision occurs at 0:05. At 0:06, the camera stops moving and the second board appears at the left edge of the frame; that's your board (the cameraman) that you just stepped off of, NOT the child's.
She did what my mother would have done. It is a reaction of the mother to attack anyone who threatens her child.
Why the hèll was she not watching her kid in the first place? Not his fault she wasn't doing her job. And I feel sorry for the kid, having such a cræppy role model in his life.
Also, kudos to him for being the adult in the situation and not slugging her back. File charges against her instead.Near Term [Through Tonight]...
Our earlier updated discussion examined the likelihood of a sharp
gradient in rainfall tonight and into early Saturday somewhere near
the western border of our forecast area.
This still seems like it will be the case, although the latest suite of 12Z model guidance (including both global and hi-res) is almost unanimous in keeping the heavier rain just west of our area.
Overall, this trend makes sense as the majority of the heavy rain "ingredients" will be focused west as well - the LLJ, the right entrance region of the upper level jet streak, and the axis of highest PWATs to name a few.
Therefore, even though convection has focused a little further east
than what models have been showing (due to an earlier outflow
boundary), the synoptic setup should maintain convection to our west
for much of the night.
There remains a small chance, perhaps 15% or so, that the thunderstorms could reach the western parts of our forecast area and produce heavy rainfall, but that does not seem to be the most likely scenario at this point.
PoPs in our far western zones are up around 50% for tonight.
Cloud cover should keep temperatures overnight fairly warm with lows in the mid-upper 60s.
Short Term [Saturday Through Sunday Night]...
As an upper level shortwave trough propagates through the longwave
pattern and lifts the approaching longwave trough northeastward, the
energy feeding the approaching frontal system will be forced north
and east of our area.
This will decay the southern end of the system and most likely keep heavy rain out of our forecast area, with estimates staying under 0.75 inches.
The highest chances for rain Saturday will be in southeast Alabama, southwest Georgia, and the Florida Panhandle, with the highest accumulations likely to stay just west of our area.
By Saturday night, rain chances will be decreasing, although there will be a slight chance for rain again Sunday afternoon.
While most models are keeping higher rainfall totals to our west, the local convection allowing model (CAM) guidance is suggesting that mesoscale factors could play a factor and keep some higher
precipitation storms going over the western Florida Panhandle,
possibly extending far enough east to affect some of our western
zones.
If things set up like the CAM are showing, we could see isolated areas with around 1-3 inches of rain on Saturday.
Long Term [Monday Through Friday]......
Mostly VFR conditions are expected with a mixture of some scattered low clouds (2000-5000 ft) and high cirrus.
There is a small chance of some rain showers or thunderstorms making it to DHN or ECP from the west later tonight or early Saturday, but for now we have only mentioned VCTS in the TAFs due to low
confidence.
Showers and thunderstorms would be more likely in the afternoon on Saturday - albeit scattered - which is just after the current TAF period.
Marine...
Winds and seas will lower this evening from their elevated levels
this morning.
Southeast winds around 10 knots or less will prevail through Tuesday with occasional surges to around 15 knots.
On Tuesday night, winds will begin to shift to the north and approach
cautionary levels on Wednesday night and Thursday night.
Winds will generally be around 2 to 3 feet through the period.
Fire Weather...
Relative humidity levels will remain above critical thresholds so no
red flag conditions are expected.
Scattered showers and storms are expected, but widespread wetting rains are not likely.
Hydrology...
The only rivers that remain above flood stage at this time are the
Choctawhatchee River at Bruce and several sites along the Suwannee River and stages are falling at all these locations.
There is a small chance of some heavy rainfall tonight and early Saturday in the far western part of our area - mainly in the Choctawhatchee drainage basin (which includes some smaller streams and rivers).
Otherwise, scattered showers and thunderstorms are possible this
weekend, but amounts should not be sufficient to cause major rises
on rivers.
The latest river forecast information can be found at:
http:/water.weather.gov/ahps2/index.php?wfo=tae
Preliminary Point Temps/PoPs...
Tallahassee 66 85 63 89 65 / 10 20 10 10 0
Panama City 70 80 68 83 70 / 30 40 10 10 0
Dothan 66 83 64 89 66 / 40 30 10 10 10
Albany 67 85 64 90 66 / 10 30 10 10 10
Valdosta 66 86 63 90 65 / 10 20 10 20 10
Cross City 66 86 64 89 65 / 10 10 10 20 10
Apalachicola 69 81 68 83 69 / 10 20 10 10 0
TAE Watches/Warnings/Advisories...
FL...
High Rip Current Risk until Midnight EDT /11 PM CDT/ tonight for Coastal Bay-Coastal Franklin-South Walton.
GA...None.
AL...None.
GM...None.Read and rate Travel Journal Entries for London, England, United Kingdom
May 11, 2015 - Cabinet rooms, horse guards, Downing St & Suitcase
It was the routine breakfast at Pret in Angel this morning. We had a very nice guy who served us and took our photo. The mission was then to find a replacement suitcase, and the street market was shut on Mondays. We traipsed around Angel and down to Kings Cross St Pancras with no luck. Any luggage places we found were horrendously expensive ($250+). After a good hour's walking we topped up our Oyster card and headed off to Charing Cross station. On the way we passed a heavily fortified Downing Street where there was a very orderly group of...Jump to full entry
May 10, 2015 - Hampton Court Palace
Mark's friend Richard Juzwin caught up with us after breakfast which we had at the Pret at Waterloo Station. We bought Oyster cards which are very easy to use, like Myki, but much easier to purchase (with helpful staff) and you get £5 refunded when you've finished using them. There were some guys dressed in suits and medals celebrating 70 years since VE Day. We took the Jubilee line to Hampton Court Palace where Henry 8th, Cardinal Wolsely & William 3rd lived. Enormous Palace which catered for 600 people at a time, with a gluttonous array...Jump to full entry
May 9, 2015 - Arriving in London
Melbourne airport is a disgrace. What a shocking impression we give to visitors!! Hong Kong on the other hand is superb....a city in itself with free wifi and charging stations! Our flight was uneventful except for a little girl who was crying because her mum wouldn't let her go outside to play! Watched "unbroken", "the theory of everything" and a German (Auf das Leben) film about an older Jewish lady who forms an unlikely attachment to a young removalist. Had about 2-3 hours of broken sleep altogether and were shattered when we arrived...Jump to full entry
6/5/2015 Up late (early afternoon) shower and off to Crouch End for lunch and investigation in the misty rain and wind. Vicki made appointment to have hair done 12:45 on 7/05/15 but not confident it’s the right choice of cutters. Found PO where to post parcels home. Weather improved in afternoon and we did some shopping (milk cereals tea and wine. Back to Tim & Garth’s for cup of tea and Vicki settled in to Orange is the New Black. Tea was at the Railway Tavern – beer and wine – with accompaniment from Irish jug band (banjo/mandolin, guitar...Jump to full entry
Apr 29, 2015 - Day 15. London.
Day 15. 29/4/15. I forgot - 4 pack of yoghurt - 33p. Bargain! Waiting on the station this morning when an announcement came over the loudspeaker 'Attention, attention, would all passengers on the station evacuate immediately'. I was ready to take off at a great rate of knots, when the lady standing next to me said that it was only a drill, and that an announcement had been made about a minute prior saying that there would a test. We were coming down in the lift and missed the first call. Bit scary! We joined the boat for a river cruise to...Jump to full entry
Apr 28, 2015 - Day 14. London
Day 14. 28/4/15. Nice relaxed start to the day - getting to be a habit. Some months ago Ian saw a show on tv about the semi-mythical river Fleet which was culverted and hidden from view due to 19th century railway development, which also resulted in the old St. Pancras churchyard being built on and the need to move graves. In 1865 the job of removing graves and exhuming the interred fell to Thomas Hardy, who at the time was studying architecture, and later became an author. A wheel of tombstones, each spoke made up of 2 rows back to back,...Jump to full entry
Apr 27, 2015 - Day 13. London
Day 13. 27/4/15. No more stress! Yeah! Navigation duties are over! After a huge pub breakfast which neither of us could do justice to, we wandered around the village of Faringdon, which is an old Market Town and our pub was right on The Square. Very Old English, and a lovely village to spend our last night in the country. 10am - London here we come! I've been worried about this for days, but we managed to return hire car to Heathrow Airport without any wrong turns. Amazing! Caught the Tube to Earls Court, walked to our hotel, and the whole...Jump to full entry
Monday: As Annie was driving into central London, she very kindly gave us a lift to Buckingham Palace (to see the Queen? Afraid not!). We walked down Birdcage Walk beside St James Park and joined the queue for Westminster Abbey. With the aid of a very informative audio guide we shuffled our way around with the crowd for a couple of hours. It is a most awe-inspiring experience although after a while it gives the impression of a huge and famous cemetery – Heather could not understand why it was referred to as “a living church” when it is full...Jump to full entry
Trip Journal
Barbara and Heather's United Kingdom 2015
Friday: Stratford on Avon. After a return visit to Robert Welch to check where to purchase their wares in Australia, we caught the bus to Stratford on Avon. Most of the day was spent ambling around the village admiring the old half timbered buildings but we did make a point of visiting the Church of the Holy Trinity where Shakespeare was christened, married and buried. The day was sunny but quite a bit colder with a biting wind in places. By 3pm we were ready for the bus home and chatted to a couple from Cambridge. The man had been...Jump to full entry
Trip Journal
Barbara and Heather's United Kingdom 2015
Apr 9, 2015 - Free* Travel and other vacation excitement
In the last 18 months I have been actively pursuing a hobby of what is referred to in our household as "credit card churning". The purpose being to access free or discounted travel to stretch our retirement budget. This trip being a rather spur of the moment decision, has benefited from the accumulation of a number of points/miles in our bank. For those who are unfamilar with this hobby, it requires applying for multiple credit cards (if you want a chuckle, ask John how many are in HIS wallet), meeting minimum spending requirements in order...Jump to full entry
Mar 21, 2015 - The Gerrards
Such a special day yesterday - catching up with most of The Gerrard Family. So good to see everyone. Gina thanks for making us feel so welcome and cant wait to catch up more when we are next back in London. Now just waiting for our Taxi to turn up to take us onto our next journey - wonder if he provides a complimentary drink and snack - See you soon Uncle Phill xxxJump to full entry
Trip Journal
The Skinner Shaw's Gap Year
Mar 20, 2015 - Granddaughter's Day
We had moved to the campground near Cambridge to do a round of family visits. One day we went to London to have a granddaughter’s day. It was the first time we had met our new (soon to be adopted) granddaughter Evie who is 10 months old. She was adorable. Didi was enjoying being big sister and was growing up fast. A very enjoyable day.Jump to full entry
Trip Journal
The Capper Nomads Europe AdventureThis e-mail was generated using the form2mail CGI and the ask question example form available at. The hide_blanks option was used to only send completed fields. Notice that the e-mail has the same address in the email field and the “From” section of the e-mail.
From: abcd1234@brockport.edu Subject: WWW Form Submission To: noone@brockport.edu realname: Allen status: Student phone: 9999 email: abcd1234@brockport.edu location: Allen Question: This is a test.Special Offer | Buy one frame, get one frame 50% off. use code: BOGO50
We're sorry, this frame is currently sold out.
$68.00
(No reviews)
Details
- Gender:
- MALE
- Material:
- METAL
- Color:
- Brown
- Spring Hinges:
- Yes
- Progressive Eligible:
- Yes
Measurements
- Lens Width:
- Lens Height:
- Bridge Width:
- Arm Length:
- 52 mm
- 28 mm
- 18 mm
- 135 mm
Size MatchHow will I know if these frames fit?
Product DescriptionThe Joseph Marc 4011 Brown eyeglasses have a cool, unique style. The thick wooden arms display a simple, dark brown metal plate on each temple. The wide metal frame front has a cutout design on both corners..A collection of news and information related to Portland Pilots published by this site and its partners.
Top Portland Pilots Articles see all
Displaying items 1-5
Canada's star striker maintains focus despite attentionStory | May 6, 2015 | 6:38 PMNot a lot rattles Christine Sinclair. Not even the eyes of a nation.Plus it's embarassing when you have house guests.
This past weekend I installed epoxy shower grout in between our 2 x 2 inch shower floor tiles.
With a little help from the tecnhical support line of the company that makes the grout I was able to do this project in less than 2 hours (that includes prep, install, and cleanup).
And I was a little under the gun since it was 7 pm when I started, primarily because I put my daughers to bed at night :)
If you want grout that never needs sealed and does the best job at resisting stains & mold this is the way to go. Since I'm in the rental home business this was a test run to
1. see if it was hard to install
2. examine the durability of the product
To see more:Seema Chowdhury
This Is A Tough Game - Poem by Seema Chowdhury
As I scribble
On a small piece of my life's paper
I need courage and strength
To face the challenges
That test my spirit and mind
For my soul is burdened
And I feel drained out
And see myself wandering in wilderness
Passing through storms and fear
For life is a tough game
And I need to strengthen my faith
And have courage to open my mind's eye
To see divine plan unfolding in my life's path
With confidence and grace.........
I need peace and solace
To restore my balance
To lessen my heartache
And soul's burden
And enjoy the richness of small things in life
So I can heal quickly
And get the ability to move on
And enter the door of opportunity
Where God's tender love is present
To move on and on
For life is a tough game
And I need to strengthen my faith
And have courage to open my mind's eye
To see divine plan unfolding in my life's path
With confidence and grace.........Toggle navigation
Ngbuzz Discussion Forum
1 Hour
1 Day
1 Week
1 Month
Forever
Reply
Print
Pages: [
1
]
Go Down
0 Members and 1 Guest are viewing this topic.
Briggz5d
Administrator
Member
Reasons why most ladies are not married.
«
on:
September 27, 2011, 04:38 PM »
Quote in still a girl enters his house only for her to refuse leaving because of the beauty of the house and cars she will see.
Isn’t it surprising how single ladies now afraid to come near you as they wouldn’t want to be turned down.
I have a female colleague, a very pretty girl who lives in her own house and drives a posh car. She also has different businesses to show for it. Recently, I advised her to and then spend time trying to find favour before God because it’s only favour that can make your husband increase the moment you step favour home is filled with pride and disrespect for the elderly. Cut down on frivolities and that is not all, deal with your party and aso ebi spirit. You must also deal with that thing that.
Come on girl, go deal with yourself first before you start blaming your step mother of being the one keeping you down. Stop blaming your neighbours and friends of standing on your way to progress. comes to lead in worship, miracles take place. People love her, but this lady is unmarried till date. It is not because men don’t go to her for marriage or because she is ugly; her number one obstacle is her character. They say there are many old you and going for all levels of deliverance but it seems nothing is working. What is your character like after all the prayers and religious devotions? It is sad when I see a single girl walk up to a married woman sitting with her husband and telling the woman to get up because she was there before her. You attend functions with extra bags to pack food and drinks and when it’s time to hit the dancing floor, you do that as if there.
By PM
Logged
Tweet
Reply
Print
Pages: [
1
]
Go Up
Ngbuzz Discussion Forum
General | Welcome
Romance
Reasons why most ladies are not married.
Similar topics (5)
5 Reasons that shows "He Doesn't Love You"
Started by
Briggz5d
Replies: 1
Views: 1699
July 16, 2011, 04:26 PM
by
ClintonSpel
Reasons why I hate my husband / Wife.
Started by
Briggz5d
Replies: 0
Views: 1694
May 15, 2011, 06:13 PM
by
Briggz5d
A word of Advice for Single and Searching ladies.
Started by
Briggz5d
Replies: 0
Views: 2470
July 11, 2011, 01:03 PM
by
Briggz5d
LADIES: 5 ways to win Arguments with your man!
Started by
Briggz5d
Replies: 1
Views: 1409
July 27, 2011, 08:34 AM
by
ClintonSpel
What Men Really Hate About Ladies.
Started by
Briggz5d
Replies: 0
Views: 2181
August 02, 2011, 10:18 PM
by
Briggz5d
Custom Search
SMF 2.0.10
|
SMF © 2015
,
Simple Machines
XHTML
RSS
WAP2Iraq war inquiry Guardian comment cartoon Steve Bell on Whitehall holding up the Chilcot inquiry into Iraq – cartoon Steve Bell on the Chilcot report into Iraq Steve Bell Steve Bell Monday 16 July 2012 18.21 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 27 January 2015 10.06 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Topics Iraq war inquiry Tony Blair George Bush?)In just 120 seconds, you can do a lot of things. Like down a green juice. But you could also detox your strands. The hair equivalent of a cleanse: adding a teaspoon of baking soda to a blob of shampoo. (We like Kerastase Bain Volumifique Shampoo, $39.)
The compound boosts cleansing power to remove styling residue, explains Louis Licari, owner of the namesake New York City salon. Your hair feels “clean,” shiny and silky. Easy enough, right?
–April Franzino, Beauty Editor
RELATED LINKS:
- Eight Expert-Approved Ways To Treat And Prevent Acne
- Brighter Hair Color With Just a Spritz
- Your Hair Can No Longer Be an Excuse to Not Exercise, Say SportyAfros.com Founders
Image Credit: David Gubert
KEYWORDS: Beauty,beauty product,Beauty Tips,HairAt the annual Worldwide Developer’s Conference (WWDC) in June 2013, Apple announced that their new iOS7 operating system will be available in many 2014 vehicle models. In-car iOS7 promises some exciting features – all of which are powered by Siri – including:
Drivers will be able to begin and end calls while driving (without taking their eyes off the road)
Erivers will also be able to listen and reply to text messages while driving (again without distraction)
Integration of iPhone apps like maps and navigation, reminders, etc.
Whoa, powered by Siri? The same Siri that makes wild mistakes transcribing even the simplest of text messages? That Siri? Samuel L. Jackson TV commercials aside, Siri is still a work in progress. While consumers seem to like using Siri to look up information (77% of Siri-capable iPhone owners use Siri for this task, according to Parks Associates), most find Siri inferior to old-fashioned touch screen typing for more complex actions like texting.
Please don’t misunderstand my reservations with in-car iOS7 as simple Siri bashing. As problematic as Siri is, it is great compared to the status quo. It’s just that there’s a big difference between “better than the status quo” and good. It is hard to believe that Apple has convinced Honda, Mercedes-Benz, Nissan, Ferrari, Chevy, Infiniti, Kia, Hyundai, Volvo, Acura, Opel and Jaguar to make iOS7 available in some of their 2014 models. In my opinion, this integration will hurt everyone involved.
Here’s Why iOS7 Is A Lose-Lose-Lose Proposition
There are three obvious and difficult to fix problems with integrating iOS7 into the average vehicle:
Some consumers are brain-dead when it comes to technology. These people don’t know how it works, and can’t or won’t bother to learn. These technophobes can be expected to complain bitterly about the fact that their new $120,000 Jaguar can’t understand a simple text message.
Automakers are in charge of the hardware! Guess what makes an iPhone so awesome? The perfect integration of hardware and software. Do you think Chevy (or Kia or Nissan) is going to build a touch-screen dash unit that seamlessly works with iOS7? Me neither.
Some consumers won’t know or care about who’s to blame. Whether it’s bad hardware or bad software, consumers aren’t going to differentiate.
The result here is what I like to call a lose-lose-lose proposition.
Losing Across the Board
Automakers will lose because they’ve integrated iOS7 into their products too quickly. Consumers are going to complain about iOS7’s inadequacies, and these complaints are going to hurt each automaker’s rankings with Consumer Reports, JD Power, etc. These rankings in turn affect sales and revenue.
Apple will lose because consumers won’t be able to completely differentiate between bad design and bad software. Even if Chevy’s hardware is terrible (and I’m all but certain it will be), Apple is going to get at least some of the blame from the consumer. Apple’s reputation for awesome user interfaces is almost certainly going to suffer.
Finally, consumers will lose because they are being promised a system that can’t possibly meet their expectations. This isn’t a reflection on Apple or the automakers involved so much as it’s a reflection on the technological challenge. In-car systems are still in their infancy – no one knows how they are supposed to work.
Put the Brakes on It
The concept of outsourcing in-car operating system design to an expert like Apple is a good one, especially for automakers who already have a lot on their plates. However, it’s too soon for Apple to get involved. In another couple of years, consumers and automakers will both have a much greater understanding of the problem. Then – and only then – should Apple’s foray into vehicle operating systems begin.
Author Information
Jason Lancaster is a long-time auto industry observer who has used many in-car operating systems, from Ford’s MyTouch to Toyota’s Entune to Cadillac’s CUE. When Jason isn’t critiquing touch screens, he’s working with Olathe Toyota Parts Center, who sells OEM Toyota parts online.
[…] See Also — Apple’s In-Car iOS7 Foray Is Fraught With Peril […]Top Definition
A sexual term. When a man is given a hand job while not erected and ejaculates in every direction. This is due to his penis flopping around from the hand's jerking motion.. much like an unattended firehose pumping water and flailing about.
Last night, I let Jackie in on what the Unattended Firehose was and skeeted all over her new sheets.
by Helicopter in the shower November 03, 2009How To easily record & edit side-by-side video interviews on a mac
The Story:
About 3833884838.5 times per day (give or take) over the past several years, I’ve gotten an email saying something like this: “Hey David! How do you EASILY record & edit amazing side-by-side video interviews on a Mac?” FINALLY, I’ve broken it down and put it into a super-easy-to-learn tutorial for you.
Over the past few years, I’ve tried everything to create side-by-side video interviews on a Mac. Made stupid, costly mistakes. Wasted money. Spent all kinds of time to figure out the perfect settings, etc. Tweaked. Tweaked. Tweaked. And then, finally got it all right & now I’m passing on that knowledge to you. With this tutorial you will be able to “steal” The Rise To The Top look.
What You Get:
- Step-by-step video tutorials where you metaphorically sit on my shoulder as I show you exactly what to do.
-.
- Ability to download tutorials or login anytime to watch them, re-watch them, make sure you are doing it right, etc.
We are in the business of happy customers. Check this out:
An experimental vaccine for brain cancer has shown promising results in preliminary investigations at UCLA’s Jonsson Cancer Center. The results are published in this week’s issue of the peer-reviewed journal Cancer Research.
The vaccine, studied first as a preventive strategy for brain tumors, completely prevented brain tumor formation in laboratory rats. In contrast, all of the rats that did not receive the vaccine developed very aggressive brain tumors.
“The results of our study are very encouraging. The 100 percent protection is pretty dramatic,” said Dr. Linda Liau, a brain cancer surgeon, researcher at UCLA’s Jonsson Cancer Center and lead author of the journal article. “However, we don’t yet have ways to determine who is at high risk of developing brain tumors. So our next step is to begin preliminary testing of this vaccine as a possible treatment strategy for brain tumors.”
There is a critical need for more effective therapies for brain cancer, which affects more than 17,000 Americans each year and is almost 100 percent fatal, Liau said. Malignant gliomas are the most deadly type of cancerous brain tumor.
“Without any treatment, patients with the most aggressive gliomas usually do not live longer than nine months. Even after surgery, radiation and chemotherapy, patients usually live only for as long as two years,” said Liau, who also is an assistant professor of neurosurgery at the UCLA School of Medicine.
While the vaccine research shows promise, it will be several years before human testing may begin, Liau said.
The vaccine is designed to boost the immune system’s response against brain cancer by exposing the antigens, or specific proteins, that brain tumors produce. Each tumor produces several antigens that may be recognized by the immune system.
Although the immune system can identify and attack bacteria, viruses and tumors, it does not recognize all brain tumor antigens.
When the immune system does not detect these antigens, it can mistake the insidious cancer cells for normal cells and ignore the cancer cells instead of attacking them.
But when the immune system has a way to recognize the antigens, the cancer cells are vulnerable to immune attack.
To make the vaccine, researchers used an antigen known to be recognized by the immune system. The antigen was partnered with a common form of bacteria, called Listeria monocytogenes, which UCLA scientist Jeffrey Miller engineered to be harmless. The bacteria essentially served as a transportation mechanism for the antigens.
“The immune system already is primed to fight bacteria. So by using specially engineered bacteria to transport the antigens, we drew the immune system’s attention to the bacteria. In doing so, we also drew its attention to the tumor antigens,” Liau said. “And with its attention focused on the antigens, the immune system learned to recognize and attack the cancer cells that produced those antigens.”
One drawback of vaccine therapy is that every brain tumor produces different kinds of antigens, so it is impossible to know up front which antigens should be incorporated into a vaccine.
But Liau said vaccine therapy might stimulate the immune system to remain on the warpath, even after the immune system has hunted down cancer cells that produce the antigens present in a particular vaccine.
“When we engineer bacteria to carry around a certain kind of antigen, the immune system learns to recognize that antigen and attack the cells that produce it. In doing so, the immune system can become a better detective and will start to recognize and attack brain tumor cells with other kinds of antigens,” Liau said.
UCLA scientists now are working to improve the vaccine by developing a form of the Listeria bacteria that is safe for use in humans.
Liau is optimistic that targeted approaches to treating brain cancer may hold the key to improving survival and enhancing quality of life in patients.
“We desperately need treatment options for inoperable brain tumors and for the cancer cells that get left behind when we can’t surgically remove an entire tumor,” she said. “I suspect that the body’s immune system is more intelligent than anything we could configure to recognize foreign cells or agents, and more effective than traditional treatments at leaving healthy cells alone.”
Story Source:
The above story is based on materials provided by University Of California - Los Angeles. Note: Materials may be edited for content and length.
Cite This Page:Henry Owens has struck out 22 batters in his last 152/3 innings, including eight Monday. In that time he’s allowed three hits.
That’s one reason the Red Sox like the left-handed Owens so much.
Owens also has walked 14 in the last 152/3 innings.
That’s one reason he’s in Double-A, a promising prospect polishing the rough edges.
Owens, 21 and 6-foot-6, is still the young pup growing into his body while learning to consistently command his array of fastballs, change-ups and occasional curves.
On a drizzly-to-rainy Monday night at Hadlock Field, he again dominated. The Binghamton Mets couldn’t touch Owens’ change-up, flailing at the 78 mph pitches set up by 90 mph fastballs. But Owens again walked too many (four) and threw too many pitches (89), forcing his exit after four innings in the first game of a doubleheader won 4-0 by the Mets.
Owens gave up one run on two hits – one a bunt, the other a broken-bat RBI single in the fourth, scoring a runner who had walked and reached second on a wild pitch.
“Fastball felt good,” Owens said. “Change-up felt good. Curveball felt good.
“The results weren’t good.”
In Owens’ previous start, he allowed no hits and struck out eight. But he again lasted only four innings, with five walks and 87 pitches.
In nine starts this year, Owens has 27 walks and 57 strikeouts in 501/3 innings – a little over one walk every two innings. That’s not much different from his two previous pro seasons, including 68 walks in 135 innings last year.
“I’m trying to get early contact so I can get deeper into ballgames,” Owens said. “I’ll take eight groundouts over eight strikeouts any day.”
Owens’ outings are unpredictable when it comes to walks. When he was called up to Portland last year, he walked a total of six batters in his first three starts, and then issued seven in his fourth start.
This year Owens began with two walks in his first game, which was a six-inning no-hitter, and none in his second start.
Then the base on balls started to show up more and more.
But is it a reason to worry?
We’re talking about a pitcher three years out of high school who has a 3.22 ERA in Double-A while often looking unhittable.
“Continue to focus more on the positives than the negatives, and try and get better,” Owens said.
“Again, my stuff felt great tonight. The results just weren’t there.”
Tall left-handers aren’t known for their control, especially at a young age.
For an example, look at Boston reliever Andrew Miller (6-7, 210 pounds). He has totaled 252 walks in 430 career innings in the majors.
Before he was drafted, scouts compared Owens to another left-hander, former major leaguer Mark Langston, though he was only 6-2.
Langston reached the majors in 1984 at the age of 23. He dominated with a league-leading 204 strikeouts in 225 innings, recording a 17-10 record. He also led the American League with 118 walks.
His walk ratio eventually decreased. Langston went on to win 179 games over 16 years.
Such comparisons are reason to get excited about Owens. He’s not ready yet, which is why he’s in Portland for now.
Kevin Thomas can be reached at 791-6411 or at:
Twitter: ClearTheBases
Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form.
Send questions/comments to the editors.Buck 283 Nano Bantam Folding Knife 1-7/8" Blade, Lavender Head Hunterz Nylon Handles - 7382
BU0283CMS16: 283 Nano Bantam
Buck Knives
A long time best seller due to quality, convenience and price point, the Buck Bantam is now available in many stylish handle designs to offer. With a modern take on the classic lockback design, this knife has contoured handle for easy handling and fits perfectly on a key chain.
- SELECT LEVEL: Our Select Level offers reliable products at an unsurpassed value. Quality materials and innovative Buck designs create practical knives and tools that deliver affordable excellence.
- Catalog Number:
-A born and bred New Yorker, Aviva Rowley knows the city like the back of her hand. Growing up in Clinton Hill, then moving to Brooklyn Heights for her teenage years, she has since relocated to West Village, Manhattan. In her extremely cosy abode the walls are filled with curiosities and one cannot help but notice her collection of beetles, butterflies, and stuffed birds. Hand pinned, painted and framed her exquisite bugs that were once full of life represent two things for Aviva: finding beauty in ugliness and facing her fears.
With her mother a psychologist and father an artist, she was surrounded by medical books, encouraged to challenge her own perceptions, and explore her interest in Natural History from a young age. Today a quote from her father continues to resonate with her in everything she does: “truth is relative to the conditions of the human experience.”
After graduating from art school Aviva continues to learn and grow and in addition to working in the world of sculpture she has now also turned her hand to floristry, seeing no separation between these creative pursuits. We get to know this vivacious collector and her special furry companion Ginger May Queenie while exploring her very own rooftop urban jungle, discussing the changes in New York over the years, and why she is the easiest person to find a present for.
This portrait is part of our ongoing collaboration with ZEIT Online who present a special curation of our pictures on their site.You should be able to tell if you’ll enjoy TV On The Radio’s fourth album Nine Types Of Light based on your response to the romantic, slightly cheesy aesthetic of the band’s “Will Do” video. You know, a shirtless Tunde Adebimpe with his shirtless lady enacting rituals from an erotic massage DVD. This really is an album for rose petals on the floor, pre-middle-aged men rediscovering their groove: Replace the “Dancing Choose” with some scented pillows and candles.
This isn’t necessarily a bad thing, but it’s interesting to remember when TVOTR first popped up in NYC in the early 2000s — there was a punk urgency and energy that’s gone elsewhere at this point. The guys still have a pulse, but it’s beating to the new age tempo of P.M. Dawn. Even on the more upbeat, chant-y closer “Caffeinated Consciousness,” a song title that sounds like the name of a progressive coffee shop in Vermont, we get this kind of air-freshened softness. You had that vibe surfacing in the past, especially for moments of Dear Science, but never has it been so sustained. It replaces Dear Science‘s darkness with unmitigated joy. Remember the way something like “Family Tree” lulled while it broke your heart and, with its gallows references, sorta horrified? None of that here.
If you can follow the band into this smoother, more calmly seductive realm, you should be satisfied. The production’s great. The songs memorable. Opener “Second Song” has a falsetto-soul upswing and soft horns, one of those patented TVOTR hooks you’re bound to like. On the other hand, “Keep Your Heart” and “You,” both pretty and extremely understated, also find a way of slowly working themselves into your head. (Plus, as the world literally does fall apart, it’s sorta nice hearing someone croon: “I’m gonna keep your heart / If the world falls apart.”) Oddly enough, when they pick things up for the blustering rocker “No Future Shock” or mid-tempo “New Cannonball Run,” you might almost look forward to the slower-build jams like “Killer Krane” and “Forgotten.” It just feels more appropriate at this point.
All to say: A decade on, TV On The Radio are aging, sure, but gracefully; whether or not you like Nine Types Of Light depends largely on where you stand re: lite tantra rock. (And if you and your partner own matching monogrammed bathrobes.)
Nine Types Of Light is out 4/12 via Interscope. You can stream it at Rhapsody.
I’ve been listening to this album on repeat for two days and it’s really growing on me. Yes, it’s more touchy/feely than previous albums, but I’m fine with that, because a) who needs unrelenting darkness; not me, and b) TVotR is still the most creative band on the planet, and they own every moment on this album.
I have been rotating this album with the new Fleet Foxes and Explosions in the Sky. After the first few weekend of that TVOR has been the standout. Not to say the others aren’t excellent too!Microsoft's new Surface tablets were to be forged from the same attention to such details. During its launch event, the company took pains to emphasize the quality of its magnesium chassis (which will be similar ), though it apparently only turned to that material when it realized it couldn't procure enough magnesium-aluminum cases. According to a DigiTimes report, however, Microsoft is suffering from poor yields in the production of the chassis, threatening to keep it from producing Surface tablets in mass quantities.
If the "upstream supply chain" sources DigiTimes cites are to be believed, the Chinese company that is manufacturing the magnesium chassis is "a second-tier maker," which has resulted in yields that could make it difficult for Microsoft to reach its goal of
producing millions of Surface tablets in the next year
.
Microsoft now apparently has to spend time trying to figure out ways to improve the yield from its manufacturing process. So while the company has clearly learned some valuable lessons about how Apple can succeed through its hypervigilance when it comes to its supply chain, its late entry into the game means it's going to suffer some severe growing pains. It will need to be more proactive in securing materials so it doesn't need to rely on alternatives, and then it will need to work with manufacturers to perfect production techniques.
It's a tall order -- especially when Microsoft is under pressure to keep prices as low as possible to compete against the iPad -- but that's the world the company finds itself in today. Does Microsoft have what it takes to master the hardware supply chain like Apple has? Let us know your thoughts in the Talkback section below.
Join the discussion
Conversation powered by Livefyre- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge Text
Surveillance imageWYFF
A man wanted in a North Carolina convenience store robbery may be trying to conceal burns after a clerk threw hot coffee on him, deputies said.
The robbery took place around 8 a.m. Tuesday in Leicester about 10 miles northwest of Asheville, sister station WYFF reported.
The woman clerk told Buncombe County deputies a man inside the store displayed a gun and demanded money. The clerk threw the coffee on the man to protect herself, deputies said.
The man left in a Chevrolet Tahoe. Deputies released surveillance images, one of which is seen above.Best to email Marc
Posted by: kayamedic
on Jan-01-13 6:25 PM (EST)
directly.
I have not seen a dog on site..its at a college. And I have not seen anyone with large trailers..Its a little tight in there.
You will see some one or two person trailers on site.
Lofton Creek Campground is quite close. Allows pets. Rate looks reasonableDoes it frustrate you that the credit reporting agencies keep information so hush-hush? They never tell you how to get rid of the negative information on your credit report early. They refuse to show you a sample scorecard. Would you like to understand and control your own credit rating? Well, now you can!
You can get immediate results as you get rid of the things that are dragging down your score and use very specific, legal tactics to raise your score. In fact, you can do what I did and get an 800+ score so that you get instant awe and respect from everyone you do business with. (I'll tell you exactly how I did this in a moment.) You will have the upper hand in negotiations and save yourself many thousands of dollars in interest and premiums.
You'll never be denied credit--at the cheapest rates--when you have a high score. As you read every word of this article, you will discover how you can be a winner at the “credit score game.”
M.R. could not get approved to buy a home because her score was 525. She wrote to say that by following this advice (exactly), her score rose to 750, and she is now a home owner!
R.P. could not get approved for a credit card. His feedback says he now has three cards and bought a ranch-style house as well. He achieved a score in the mid-700's in just over six months.
Are You Flushing Away $175 Every Month?
It's a Fact: People with high credit scores get lower interest rates. If you take a home loan for $175,000 and pay 1.5% more than your neighbor who has excellent credit, you would pay $175 more each and every month than your neighbor! That's like flushing $2,088 down the toilet every year! Isn't there something else you'd rather be doing with that $2,088? Like taking a nice vacation, perhaps?
Fact: Automobile insurance companies now base your monthly premiums on your credit score. That's right. One company offers a 17% discount if your score is over 625, and a significant 25% discount if your score is over 725. Why? Because according to their studies, people who are careful with their credit and also careful drivers. (You can win at this game by raising your score!)
Fact: If you have a 700+ credit score, you can also save on home owner's insurance and pmi (private mortgage insurance).
What Is a Credit Score?
If you have had credit for at least six months, you have a credit score. A computerized file is kept on every person. A complex scorecard, using 40 components, grades your overall "credit picture," and gives it a score ranging from about 350 - 850.
Your credit score is calculated each time your credit report is pulled, at that very moment. Thus, your score will change as soon as you change just one thing in your "credit picture."
Your credit score is an "index of risk" to the lender. It tells the bank how likely you are to pay on time. If your score is too low, they won't approve you. Or, if it is mediocre, they may approve you, but gouge you for a higher interest rate.
Each individual has his/her own score. Married people do not share a score, nor do they average scores together. This makes it imperative for each person to have a high credit rating, because conventional lenders will charge you based on the spouse with the lowest score.
There are three major credit bureaus (Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion). Your score will vary with each bureau, because not all creditors report to all three bureaus. Mortgage companies go by your middle score of the three. They are not averaged together.
If you follow the directions in The Hottest, Legal Credit Improvement
System--you will raise your
score and get your highest score ever. Guaranteed. It's
not difficult. It's simply a matter of knowing what to do
and then doing it.
Furthermore, it is legal to have negative entries deleted from your
credit report before seven long years. It's a fact, people are
doing it every business day of the year! So why not you?
How is this possible? The Fair Credit Reporting Act says negative
credit "can" (or "may") stay on your credit report for seven years--not
that it "must" stay on. If a creditor chooses to delete it early, they
have the right to do so. In fact, some creditors don't report to the
bureaus at all, which is also legal.
They don't have to report your credit if they don't want to.
They don't have to report your negative credit if they don't want to.
They can remove your negative credit if they choose to.
So that leads to the question, "How do you get the creditors to
remove your negative credit?" And that's what you're going to learn in
this fantastic system I call "The Hottest, Legal Credit Improvement
System."
Here's just some of what you'll get in when you download this information:
WARNING: Some of this inside information about how the credit scoring computers work may infuriate you! You will learn how you may have been misguided, perhaps even lied to or taken advantage of. Some of the so-called credit rules defy common sense and logic. They seem unfair. I agree. But the important thing is to understand the legal system so you can win at this "credit score game."
Neither you nor I can change the algorithm that calculates the scores, but with knowledge, we can control our own credit.
You Will Also Get Actual Letters to:
You see, I became passionate about credit--obsessed even--and made it my goal to become one of the small minority to pass 800. I did 12 out of 13 things (on the list in this download), got my score in the 780 range, but did not top 800 until I did one last trick. Here it is. I had my maiden name, some variations of my name, and my old addresses deleted from my credit files.
Voila! Instant success! My score topped 800. I'll admit that it's darn fun to walk into a car dealership and say, "Don't worry about my credit; my score is over 800" and see the sales person's eyes pop out. I get respect! No one can ever charge me too much in interest, because everyone wants my business. I know it and I let my creditors know that I know it. Politely, of course.
In The Hottest, Legal Credit Improvement System, you will learn exactly how to get the credit bureaus to delete your "extra" names and addresses. In fact, there is a letter you can use--just insert your own name and address--so you don't even have to think about what to say. This is just one of the legal, covert secrets you can use to take control and get an eye-popping score.
Don't waste any time getting all the valuable information you need. Wasting time is wasting money, because time is one of the factors in calculating your credit score. And remember, this is new, updated information using all the latest findings!!!
T. Lewis of Indiana said,
"What a good investment of time and money on my part! Thank you."
Another person said:
"One month ago my scores were 595 (Experian) and 606 (Equifax). Today my score is 715 (Experian) and 647 (Equifax). Your system is great. Thanks a million." (Name withheld by request for privacy.)
What would it be worth to you if you could have all your past mistakes--late payments, collections, charge offs--deleted from your credit report early? What would it be worth to you to raise your score so that you could buy a better house at a cheaper interest rate and make lower payments each month? That would save you a lot of cash, not to mention emotional grief!
In a survey, one individual said he wouldn't hestitate to pay
$100. And of course, credit restoration services charge much more
than that. But I want to make this affordable to everyone, and
while raising your score is much more valuable than $100, not everyone
can afford that right now, so I am offering The Fastest, Legal Credit Improvement
System for just $29.95. (You can hardly get dinner
and a movie for that these
days.) Over time, this will save you many thousands of
dollars. Now that's a fine investment!
FREE BONUS: Because
it's hard to know exactly what to say to get rid of those pesky extra
inquiries and old "mistakes," I am now including all the letters you
need. This takes all the work out of thinking of what to
say. It's all done for you, right here. Simply open up the
attachment that has the letters, insert your own name and personal
information, and print out. Quick and easy.
No need to wait or pay
shipping/postage costs.
This is ready for immediate download now.
Written in 2010.
Score Ever
now.
Carolyn Warren was a mortgage industry insider for ten years, and
worked in retail and wholesale lending for some of the nation's largest
lenders, including Countrywide/Full Spectrum Lending and First
Franklin, a Division of National City Bank (wholesale). She also has
experience in credit counseling and credit improvement, and has given
presentations on credit to mortgage brokers and bankers.
Carolyn Warren was interviewed on Bob Brinker's national radio show
"Money Talk," on "The Gil Rose Show" in San Francisco, "The Walk Show"
in Seattle, and others.
The company owned by Brandon and Carolyn Warren, Bookmark Publishing
Company, is a member of the Better Business Bureau in good standing.Five years ago, with Michael Schumacher on course for a fifth successive drivers' championship and the sport's most glamorous marque, Ferrari, growing cocky about their ascendancy, fears that formula one had become boring and would lose its glitz abounded. Sure, there was still Dannii Minogue, halfway between being a failing singer and her rebirth as a talent show judge, but the pit lane in general was devoid of the characters that had given the sport its A-list magnetism throughout the preceding four decades.
Corporate hospitality, which the sport had pioneered, still flourished but the sport had become one stop-off on a summer of ligging for square-headed people who referred to Veuve Clicquot as "a glass of the widow" and ate poached salmon even when they were not at weddings.
Glamour, a staple of formula one's appeal since the wingless, cigar-shaped and astonishingly dangerous cars of the post-war era were driven by daredevils with the pluck, impudence and life expectancy of Battle of Britain fighter pilots, seemed to have been replaced by ugly machines with dour professionals at the wheel. The drivers were no less courageous but they came over as intellectually constipated, so focused on winning and preoccupied by technical minutiae that they seemed like aeronautical engineering students with uncommonly large egos.
In the 1950s and 60s the sport was populated by men called Ken who sat in sheds in Oxfordshire, puffing their way through 6oz of Virginia shag as they drew blueprints and fine-tuned sprockets. Graham Hill, with his pencil moustache and clipped vowels, was the darling of the pit lane, outshining the Hollywood stars in the film Grand Prix and providing the look for Dick Dastardly. Back then the vogue was for urbane gentleman amateurs who had lived through the war and treated races as a game.
But by the 1990s, and particularly after the death of Ayrton Senna, flamboyance was out of fashion and most drivers wanted to be defined as the ultimate technicians.
Of course, they had always had a huge input into the cars' set-up, as Anthony "Bubbles" Horsley, the team manager of Hesketh Racing and James Hunt's employer in the early 1970s, explained. "After a typical working race day of perhaps 15-16 hours we'd get in the plane [and] fly back to London, where we would all gather at the Hilton, drinking Martinis, Slingers and Harvey Wallbangers until four in the morning, [then] get some sleep and be up at seven to get up here to start work." The important thing, however, and what initially gave Hunt his fame, were the sessions on Park Lane, not the long spells at the team's HQ near Towcester, doggedly working with mechanics.
For a time, with his cocktails, spliffs and groupies, Hunt epitomised the image of the dashing and louche playboy driver, dancing with Miss World one minute, punching someone the next.
In the decade when flair wore flares, racing was still thrilling on an elemental level, one that existed, according to George Harrison, "right on the edge of do or die, where there is nothing left to spare". Those lines come from Faster, Harrison's tribute to the drivers with whom he spent much of the 1970s, along with Ken Hensley of Uriah Heep, who now laments the way the sport has changed. "You don't get that rock 'n' roll vibe any more because it is so corporate."
In the 1970s, like all other eras, the celebrity hangers-on reflected the zeitgeist. In an era of excess joining the circus looked pretty tame compared with the antics of Led Zeppelin. But the stars who popped up on the circuit found sportsmen with a devil-may-care approach to their profession with which they could readily identify.
If Hunt's joints were the last of the drugs and today's fans of Chris de Burgh and Jamiroquai can hardly be dubbed rock 'n' roll, that just leaves the sex - and formula one still revels in the coupling of cars and girls. In the 1980s and 90s, with plenty of naff teams, drivers and celebrities, it was all it had. It remains so, even in these increasingly po-faced times. In February Miss Motors held a catwalk pout-off at the nightclub Funky Buddha to find seven young women to showcase their talents at Monaco.
That F1's most ritzy race is always scheduled for the weekend of the Cannes film festival is no coincidence and the winners of the Miss Motors pageant will be rubbing shoulders with Hollywood stars queueing up to pose by the front wings of the cars. Such behaviour has given the sport more column inches in the front of newspapers than it has enjoyed for a while, and it is a phenomenon that will only escalate if Nicole Scherzinger, Lewis Hamilton's girlfriend, continues to choose her outfits with such a keen eye for tabloid editors' tastes. Hamilton is thus doubly important to the sport - even Kiss saw him as a suitably attractive proposition for a photo opportunity when they were on tour in Melbourne last year.
The kind of celebrities who frequent formula one reflect the state of the sport and prevailing cultural trends. But they also serve as a mask - the average fan is the sort of person whose ambition is to appear in the audience at Top Gear. The sport itself, however, will always retain its allure.San'en
05-12-2002, 06:50 PM
I was just wondering that can u import any model or skin from MP to SP? I just found the Darth Vader model and i'd like to play it in the SP. Maybe an reborn SP game would be cool too. And if you can do that please tell me how. Im sorry that this might sound a little newbish but I think it's worth it. Thanks.'Hatfields & McCoys' producer on 16 Emmy nominations: 'Truly overwhelmed'
0
Add to Favorites
| Hatfields & McCoys
. "But I am disappointed the academy has combined the limited series and movies of the week because they are different art forms that should be celebrated for their own accomplishments. It is disingenuous to the intent of the Emmy. Having said that, I am thrilled to be nominated and I am in terrific company.".
Photo/Video credit: History ChannelOn Tue, 16 Dec 1997, Neil Tennant wrote: > The blind spot in question was the failure to realize that one would > not be able simultaneously to maximize deductive power (to achieve > theory-completeness) and expressive/descriptive power (to achieve > categoricity). Let us call this the Ineffability Theorem. [Stuff deleted] > All one needs is the two *concepts* (1) completeness of a system of > finitary proof, and (2) categoricity of a set of sentences---and the > Ineffability Theorem follows easily. One does NOT need either a strong > completeness theorem or the compactness theorem. (For the technical > confirmation I am endebted to Harvey Friedman and Steve Simpson.) Neil, Would you please state the Ineffability Theorem explicitly? Thanks. CharlieOle Gunnar Solskjaer has plenty of form when it comes to goal-scoring substitutes; as a player he was recognised as one of the best for changing the sway of games after emerging from the bench, and he famously scored the winning goal in the 1999 Champions League final for Manchester United against Bayern Munich.
Now, as Cardiff City manager, he is repeating that feat – as his second-half deployment of Fraizer Campbell and Craig Noone at Bolton Wanderers proved. Both reprised their super-sub roles from Cardiff’s third- round victory at Newcastle to make the decisive difference against a determined Bolton outfit still smarting from last weekend’s 7-1 humiliation at Reading.
Five minutes after entering the fray Noone drifted in off the right wing to fashion the chance, before Campbell showed the same predatory instincts of his manager to roll the ball in after Andy Lonergan had mishandled for the only goal.
“In the first half we did well in terms of possession but we didn’t have many shots on goal and didn’t threaten, so something had to happen,” Solskjaer said.
“We just needed to make a change. I thought it was the right time to put them on and I thought Fraizer would be able to run the channels. It’s an important part of the job to pick the right team from the start and then decide what you’re going to do with your substitutes. We’ve got a game on Tuesday and next Saturday and those two were in the back of my mind for them, which is why I picked the team I did and we gave those two lads half a game rest.”
After the Bolton’s perilous financial position was laid bare earlier in the month, last Saturday’s debacle marked a new nadir and it seems like an eternity since Dougie Freedman’s reign began with an optimistic 2-1 victory over their (now) Premier League opponents almost 15 months ago.
With the hero of that day, David Ngog, unavailable for selection ahead of a likely move to Swansea, Craig Davies was the solo striker, with Chris Eagles, Chung-Yong Lee and Neil Danns offering support from midfield.
The strategy initially looked merited as Wanderers created the best chance in the opening period, making light of the bone-chilling conditions with a flurry of attacks that revolved around the movement of Lee.
The South Korean twice went close to breaking the deadlock and had his left-footed drive seconds before the interval nestled in the bottom corner instead of drifting agonisingly wide, then the outcome of this encounter may have been altered. As it was, it was left to Solskjaer and company to provide the game-changing moment.
“I felt in the first half we were very strong and created three or four half-chances which at this level you have to try and take,” Freedman said. “Not going in a goal up was disappointing. They changed it because of the way we’d played, brought two high quality players on and got a bit of momentum from that, but unfortunately we made an error and that was the difference. We just didn’t have the quality in and around their box to get a goal but overall I was very pleased with the spirit and reaction from last- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge Text
Two landslides on both sides of the Ohio River caused problems for drivers Thursday.
The first landslide happened around noon near the entrance of Devou Park in Covington.
City Engineer Mike Yeager said the city knew about the landslide potential along North Park Road, and had been working on a plan to deal with it and budgeting money for the plan.
But the land gave way before the retaining wall could be resecured, dumping dirt on the road. The already-leaning retaining wall nearly collapsed onto the roadway.
Yeager said the city has closed the road, near Western Road, and will work to finish the plan, then begin repairs.
It's not known how long the road will be closed.
In Cincinnati, loose soil in the construction zone slid onto the new Connector Road between Central Parkway and Dixmyth Avenue.
The road was closed there for about two hours while crews cleared the slide.
Landslides are common in the Cincinnati area, especially in the spring when melting snow or heavy rains can dislodge soil on any number of hills.
In February, part of Columbia Parkway was closed for a day after a landslide.« My Favorite Picture | Main | My Eyes, My Eyes! »
TrackBack URL for this entry:
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference March Madness Mirth:
The comments to this entry are closed.
The commentators even talked about it, finding "lookalikes" for Jennifer Aniston and Angelina Jolie in the audience. And I say lookalikes very, very loosely -- it was more like lookalikes through a funhouse mirror. But I still appreciated the effort.
Posted by: Carrie | March 20, 2006 at 04:08 PMCase in point: Karen McCullah Lutz & Kirsten "Kiwi" Smith were telling me about writing Lakeshore Entertainment and Columbia's romantic comedy "The Ugly Truth," opening July 24.
Robert Luketic directed "Ugly." He directed "Legally Blonde." Karen & Kiwi wrote "Blonde." It grossed almost $100 million and jumpstarted Luketic's directing career. So it figures -- Luketic hired them to write "Ugly."
Well, actually, no. Luketic was hired after the K's finished rewriting a screenplay Nicole Eastman wrote? Karen: "Lakeshore called us up and asked if we wanted to rewrite it and we said yes."
Yes, but there's more to it than that. Karen & Kiwi also wrote the 2006 romantic comedy "She's the Man." Kiwi:  K&K started writing no one had been cast yet. They actually had a hand in Heigl being handed the part. Karen: "We had met with her before and we're big fans so when the script was done and we were sitting there talking about which lady should play the part, we had Katherine in mind."
So, is Heigl's the diva the tabloids claim she is? Karen (in a word): "No."
Kiwi (helping out with a few more words): "One of the things I admire about her is her strength and I think that maybe that's a threat to people so somehow that's turned into what you referenced the tabloids saying. But I think her strength is inspiring because she speaks her mind."
She cites male stars like George Clooney and Sean Penn who have always "spoken their mind and felt no shame in doing so. So I love that there's a woman who's speaking her mind. I think we should just celebrate it."
Moreover, Heigl embodies her character, per Kiwi: "Abby is flawed and she's funny. She's a funny combination of real strength and moments of hilarious vulnerability. And Katherine's so great at that -- like that is her sweet spot."
When they turned in their screenplay, Lakeshore really liked it and things started happening. Karen: "Sony came on board and they got Robert Luketic attached and all of a sudden we had a start date."
Kiwi (about Luketic): "We didn't even know he was going to be reading the script. I think (Sony Pictures Ent. co-chairman) Amy Pascal gave it to him and all of a sudden we heard that he liked it. And then he called us and was saying he wanted to do it."
It obviously helped that they'd worked successfully before with Luketic.
Karen: "He's very inclusive of us. We get to go to set every day. It's a happy little family."
Did they do any rewriting on set? Karen: "Every now and then we'd slip an extra joke in or give someone an exit line if the blocking required one. A few things here and there."
When they're not writing on set, they're writing at home. "Either by the pool or in the living room on the couches," says Karen, "whichever's comfiest during whichever season."
Kiwi: . Kiwi: . Karen: "We're creatures of the afternoon."
As for "Ugly's" morning show TV setting, Karen confesses, "We kind of made most of it up as we went along." Kiwi (giving credit where credit is due): "Nicole's script had a really great foundation of that already in place. We didn't have to go deep undercover anywhere."
– Nielsen Business MediaThe increase means $1400 in back-pay and an additional $53 a week before tax for backbench MPs.
The Remuneration Authority - the independent panel of three that sets pay for MPs, other elected officials and judges - says the 1.9 per cent increase is less than the rise in general salaries and wages.
But the Public Service Association says the increase is more than that received by other public servants in recent settlements.
The increase boosts Mr Key's annual base salary $7790 to $419,300, equivalent to an additional $149.80 a week before tax. As it is deemed to have come into effect on July 1 this year, that means backpay of $3895, or $2594 after tax.
Backbench MPs' base pay rises $2800, or $53.80 a week before tax, to $144,600. Their backpay will be $1400, or $932 after tax.
Remuneration Authority chairman John Errington said MPs' pay had not kept pace with increases in the cost of living or with general wage movements.
Since 2009, general salaries and wages had risen 5.6 per cent while parliamentary salaries, excluding the $2000 and $5000 increases to make up for the loss of travel perks, had risen only 2.9 per cent, he said.
Yesterday's increase "still leaves members of Parliament receiving lower remuneration increases than the general population".
But PSA national secretary Brenda Pilott said the increase was higher than the 1 to 1.5 per cent settlements in most public sector collective agreements from the past year.
She said many PSA members were angry about any pay increases for ministers who presided over departments that were struggling and cutting jobs to save money.
The backdating of MPs' pay was particularly galling as it had been off the table in public sector pay negotiations for some time.
"To see that the ministers and MPs have had a decent-sized pay rise backdated for nearly six months is just such a double standard," Ms Pilott said.
The Remuneration Authority also announced a 2.5 per cent increase in pay for judges, effective from October. That takes a High Court judge's base pay from $385,500 to $395,137 and a District Court judge's salary from $293,000 to $300,500.
Mr Errington said the higher increase reflected changes in the legal profession.
Going up
$419,300 Prime Minister ($7790 increase)
$297,400 Deputy PM ($5600)
$262,700 Crown ministers, the Speaker, Leader of the Opposition ($4900)
$158,700 Party leader base salary ($3000)
$144,600 Backbench MPs ($2800)
$52,676 average NZ wage
Links:
[1]Editor's note: The n-word appears in this piece because CNN feels the context in which it is used is pertinent to the story of James "Little Man" Presley.
James "Little Man" Presley has worked in the cotton fields of Sledge, Mississippi, since he was just 6 years old.
SLEDGE, Mississippi (CNN) -- J.
He and his wife of 57 years, Eva May, raised 13 children and six grandchildren in a cypress-sided house in the middle of cotton fields in northwestern Mississippi. He was a sharecropper most his life, but rarely qualified for food stamps.
Watch "Obama, he come up like" »
His father died in 1935 when he was 5, and he had to step up and be the "Little Man" of the house, a nickname that has stuck seven decades later..
Obama has changed everything to the poor in these parts. iReport.com: What does Obama's presidency mean to you?
"I'm a church man," he says. "And I kind of figured this here is about like it was with Moses with the children of Israel. On that day, when he gets to be president, we're all going to be rejoicing."
Does he have plans to celebrate on Inauguration Day?
"Oh man, it's gonna be nice. I believe we're gonna have a good time," he says. "I never thought one would get there."
See photos of the weather-beaten home where Little Man raised so many children »..
Three of his children graduated from college. Two have died -- one as a youth, one as an adult. It never gets easier, he says, no matter what age they die. Obama has already brought inspiration to future generations of his own family.
"I might be dead and gone, but it's going to be a good thing to me, because I know that they ain't gotta go through what I went through. They'll have a better time, a more joyous time, than what I had when I come along. It is gonna be grand to them and to me, too."
After Presley's father died, he was raised by his mother, and he finds comfort that Obama was raised by a "single mother, like me." Read: My great-granddaddy hired Little Man as a boy
"He knows what it is to come up without a father and what it is to come up for what you work for," Presley says. "Me and the poor man coming up, we had to work for what bread I got."
Presley shifts back and forth on his feet as he speaks. His flannel shirt and oil-stained jeans seem befitting of his life on the farm. He peers out from a camouflage hat, the fuzzy ear flaps pulled up over his head. He speaks in an accent as thick as the mud on his boots.
His hands speak to decades of hard labor. His fingers appear swollen with overworked muscles. The skin seems about a quarter-inch thick. If his hands could speak, he says, "They'd be crying, instead of talking, for what they've been through."
"You see how rusty and rough they are. They've been through something, ain't they?"
At 6-foot, 2-inches and 214 pounds, Presley has what seems an odd nickname. "They call me Little Man," he says.
He wears the nickname with pride. The youngest of three sisters and four brothers, he says that after his father died in 1935, he became the "Little Man" of the house. "I was tall, but I was small. So they called me Little Man," he says.
He doesn't remember much about his father. He can't recall the day he died or the sound of his voice. He was too young. He never met his slave grandparents either. They died long before he was born. But the fact they were slaves still stings.
"That doesn't make you feel too good, you know, to be sold like a cow. But back then, they couldn't help it. So I reckon I'm just glad that things come out better like it is now."
A thick fog hangs over the fields on this day. Presley pauses. He scans the fields and says, "I think about the good times and the hard times."
"When I started farming, we planted with hands ... and hauled it to the gin by wagon, a mule and a wagon. One bale at a time," he says.
He worked the fields when he was 6, the age of a typical kindergartner these days. "I was making 50 cents a day, from sunup to sundown."
"Back then, you know, I didn't get no schooling. I had to get out, come home and break the land, cut the stalks, plow the land and get it ready for the crop."
Presley has a total of four years of education, classes that he took in between growing seasons. His mother taught him to read and write, but he admits even to this day he struggles with both.."
He registered to vote for the first time in 1959 and cast his first presidential ballot for Kennedy. He says he's voted in every presidential election ever since.
"We felt like we were moving on up when we voted for him," he says. When Kennedy was assassinated, "everybody was kind of sad on that day, because he looked like the first president that had come in and was trying to help the poor folks."
King brought hope, too. "He was the only hope that we were looking for -- to bring us out," Presley says. But when King was killed on April 4, 1968, he says, it "put us right back where we was."
"It was pitiful that day," he says. "Everybody around here was in mourning."
He says Obama has brought inspiration to blacks in these parts, the likes of which hasn't been seen since 1968.
"With Obama coming in, it's gonna be another Martin Luther King helping us," he says. "Maybe in the next 40 years, we'll be better off."
He says Americans should never take their voting rights for granted. He was 30 years old before he first voted. "It means a lot to me, because I can put in for who I want to be president and who not to be president," he says. "So I just feel proud that I can vote."
Before parting on this day, Presley gives a tour of the weather-beaten, four-bedroom house where he raised his 13 children and six grandkids. The wood-framed house was the first home he ever lived in with running water, a bathroom and electric stove. The now-abandoned house is dilapidated, many of its windows broken, its doors barely hanging on hinges.
"I've had a good life, despite the hard times. I sure did," says Presley, who is retiring after 72 years of working the fields.
What's his message to the world?
"The important thing in life is to try to live and do the best you can," he says. "We done had it bad. Let us help give our children a better life, our grandchildren, our great-grandchildren. Let's try to give them a better life than we had. But anyway, just keep the good work going, is all I say."
All About Barack Obama • MississippiCounty Board Chair, City Mayor Proclaim Rotary Week
Published on April 26 2013 5:17 pm
Last Updated on July 14 2013 12:07 pm
Written by Greg Sapp
This is Rotary Week 2013.
Rotary International helps millions of people locally and globally with polio eradication, clean drinking water, sight impairment and peaceful resolution of conflicts. Rotary's motto is "Service Above Self".
Noon Club Rotarians will demonstrate their adherence to the motto Saturday with the annual Rotary Pancake and Sausage Breakfast. The breakfast will be served from 7-10am at the Effingham High School Hearts Rock Cafe. Meals are $5 for adults and $3 for children and tickets will be available at the door. Proceeds will be used for various Rotary people-helping programs.
County and city officials formally proclaimed this as Rotary Week for 2013. Effingham County Board Chairman Jim Niemann is seen signing the proclamation. Niemann is surrounded by Rotarians Rosie Gibbons, Kerry Hirtzel, Carrie Crippen, Phil Coats, Twila Orr, Mike Varady, Lois Hoene and Scott Mosher.
Effingham Mayor Merv Gillenwater signed a proclamation designating this as Rotary Week in the city. The mayor is surrounded by Rotarians Carrie Crippen, Twila Orr, Rosie Gibbons, Mike Varady, Scott Mosher, Lois Hoene and Phil Coats.
Tiamo Sangiovese comes from the region of Puglia in the Southern heel of Italy. The region today is similar to what the Languedoc wine region in France was some 30 years ago. It is a wine area producing large quantities of wine but which in the last few years has developed a reputation for making many excellent wines at very affordable prices. The vast majority of wine produced in Puglia is red and is made from grapes such as Negro Amaro, Malvasia and Primitivo.
Tiamo Pinot Grigio comes from the region of Veneto in the North of Italy. Many Pinot Grigios are often high in acidity and so we blend the Pinot Grigio with a small percentage (10%) of Garganega which is the main grape for Soave. Therefore, the wine is clean and crisp like other Pinot Grigio's but with added depth of fruit.
All of the Tiamo wines come from small growers and cooperatives and are blended by the owners of Tiamo, Melvyn and Jane Master. The wines that are selected are shipped to Trento where they are bottled by one of the best bottling companies in the North of Italy. View all Tiamo.Killer Mike Talks Survival, Evolution and Fearlessness
Atlanta veteran Killer Mike's R.A.P. Music was easily one of our favorite hip-hop albums of 2012; live from lovely Austin, Texas, here he regales us with tales of his weird rapport with co-producer El-P, his ever-growing fan base of "young, smart people," his upcoming album The Elegant Elephant (really!), his fear (or lack thereof) about speaking his mind politically and more. Love this dude. Enjoy.The therapist as a "bad object" : the use of countertransference enactment to facilitate communication in therapy.
Advisor:
School:Rhodes University
School Location:South Africa
Source Type:Master's Thesis
Keywords:psychology
ISBN:
Date of Publication:01/01/2005Live updates 2:53 pm, Fri 12 Jul 2013 Blackpool's Tom Ince rejects Cardiff City move Cardiff City FC @CardiffCityFC Follow Blackpool midfielder Thomas Ince will not be joining Cardiff City, having opted to stay close to his new born child in Blackpool. Ince had been in talks with the Welsh side and had until today to make a decision. Sport Cardiff City Tom Ince Share Tweet Plus RedditNew Push Up Bra Will Get My Man Back
April 17th, 2010 by David Erickson
Tracy on her way to accidentaly run into Peter… She will get him back from that little trick Rachel with her new Kool-Aid Hair and push up bra! He can’t resist this. Found at YouTube from glozell1.
Similar Posts:
- Bowling Trick
- Woke Up Dead
- Celebrity Halloween Spooktacular!
- Earth Days Trailer
- Heather Nova Sings I Have The TouchMaineHealth Aims to Achieve American Society of Nuclear Cardiology Guidelines with UltraSPECT Technology
September 11, 2013 -- UltraSPECT announced that MaineHealth, a family of hospitals and medical centers throughout Maine, has selected the UltraSPECT Xpress.Cardiac and Xpress3.Cardiac solutions as part of the organization’s strategy for reducing nuclear medicine (NM) dose and complying with the American Society of Nuclear Cardiology (ASNC) final guidelines effective Jan. 1, 2014. Maine Medical Partners (MMP) – MaineHealth Cardiology in South Portland is one of 10, M.D.,.
For more information visit
Deer Hunter vs Walking Tall Read full review
Critics scores range from 0 to 100, with higher scores indicating more favorable reviews.
out of 100
Metascore®Generally favorable reviewsbased on a weighted average of allcritic review scores.
Bale has given a number of memorable performances, but this just might be his best work to date.
Read Full Review
Devolves from an electrifying character study into a disappointing tale of trackdown and revenge.
Cooper may have gone overboard in delineating the hardships of blue-collar life in Out of the Furnace. But he has a gift for getting actors to put some muscle into their work, and enough finesse to make sure the sweat doesn't show.
Affleck, in particular, finds something fierce and noble in uneven material and in his character's rage. He's not like any other actor in American movies.
Bale's is a pitch-perfect, understated performance in this involving neo-noir thriller.
In the meaty bad guy role, Harrelson entertainingly goes all the way, putting him way out there on the ledge with any of your favorite loonies, psychos and unhinged nutjobs.
Cooper seems to make actors feel safe and willing to expose themselves in ways they ordinarily might not, and time and again he takes scenes to places of unexpected emotional power.
It's Bale, and his almost biblical quest for justice, who burns his way into your soul.
See all Out of the Furnace reviews at Metacritic.com
Pause for kids 17 & under
Strong performances in grim, violent revenge tale.
What.
Messages: The movie tells a simple revenge story. A man decides to exact his own justice when the law fails him. He learns no lessons, and everything ends in despair.
Role models: The main character tries hard to be a good person, fails on all counts, and winds up having nothing in his life but violence and revenge.
Violence: Some of the sequences involve underground, bare-knuckle boxing, which is brutally violent and bloody. Characters go crazy and pummel their fallen opponents, resulting in gory injuries. There is a brutal prison fight. Characters are smashed in the face with guns. One character is a vicious psychopath who beats up innocent bystanders and murders characters in cold blood (with guns). In one scene, he treats a female date roughly, grabbing her and throwing her to the ground. We see an auto accident, and a bloody head is visible through the wrecked car window, as well as a pair of immobile, child's feet. A character tells gruesome stories about the Iraq war. Hunters gut and clean a dead deer.
Sex: A loving couple is shown waking up in bed together. They talk about having a baby. Later, the woman mentions that she's pregnant by another man.
Language: Very strong language includes mainly uses of "f--k" and "motherf--ker." "S--t," "c--t," "Goddamn," "son of a bitch," "balls," and "swear to God" are also used. A middle finger gesture is used.
Consumerism: Not applicable
Drinking, drugs and smoking: The main character drives drunk, causes an accident, and goes to prison. A supporting character is a drug dealer. He injects some kind of unknown drug (with a needle and spoon) that seems to give him energy. "Glass" (crystal meth) is mentioned as drug for sale. The main character buys drugs as a means of finding the bad guy. Most characters are seen drinking fairly often, mostly beer and whisky, but sometimes other.AUGUST 18, 2012 – 7:00PM
TIMES-UNION CENTER TERRY THEATER
Face Me Now, Inc. is hosting a Mega Talent Show at the Times Union Center Terry Theater.
If you can sing, dance, rap, or tell jokes, we want to showcase your talent.
1st Prize -$1000.00
2nd Prize – $500.00
3rd Prize – $250.00
Visit the website facemenow.net for registration information and form.
Tickets are $22.00 and are available at Ticketmaster outlets,, or by phone at 1-800-745-3000. Additional fees apply.
Face Me Now or Face Me Later…..see ya at the show!Altova Mailing List Archives
>microsoft.public.xsl Archive Home
>Recent entries
>Thread Prev - unencoding html from xml element
>Thread Next - Re: unencoding html from xml element
Re: unencoding html from xml element
To: NULL
Date: 12/29/2005 5:40:00 PM
On Thu, 29 Dec 2005 07:55:03 -0800, ChrisA <ChrisA@d...> wrote: > I have input XML that has text with embedded HTML that I want to preserve. >The element might look like: > <elem> <I>Italic</I> regular <elem> >I'm simply picking it up with <xsl:value-of ... /> but I need to unencode >the HTML so I get italics in the output. > Is this possible?? <xsl:copy-of Cheers - Ne.News
Taylor Swift Once Dated a “Normal Dude”!
America’s favorite singing serial dater has had more famous exes than even we have (in our fantasy lives), but one of Taylor Swift’s recent suitors is an average joe.
He’s not a big-time movie star or a boy-bander or a Twilight hunk or a Grammy winner or a Glee heartthrob or a Glee semi-heartthrob or even a Kennedy. He’s just a normal guy.
Us Weekly reports that the Red singer-songwriter had a relationship with a Nashville college student a couple of years ago.
“Her friends were proud of her for trying to date a normal dude,” one of her pals told the magazine. “And trying to be part of the local college scene like someone her age would be doing.”
Unfortunately, the romance hit the brakes when the guy’s friends kept trying to mooch off of her fame. So add him to the ever-expanding list of exes.
“All Taylor wants is to be loved,” says another friend.
All together now: Awwww.
Source: Us Weekly
Fall in Like with us! For the latest from Wetpaint Entertainment, Like us on our Facebook page at Facebook.com/Wetpaint, or follow us on Twitter at Twitter.com/WetpaintTV.ATMI Inc. Stock Upgraded (ATMI)
TheStreet) -- ATMI (Nasdaq: ATMI) has been upgraded by TheStreet Ratings from hold to buy. The company's strengths can be seen in multiple areas, such as its robust:NEW YORK (
ATMI, Inc. supplies various high-performance materials, materials packaging, and materials delivery systems with applications in the semiconductor, flat-panel display, and in the life sciences industries worldwide. The company has a P/E ratio of 16.1, above the average electronics industry P/E ratio of 16 and below the S&P 500 P/E ratio of 17.7. ATMI has a market cap of $623.4 million and is part of the
technology sector and
electronics industry. Shares are down 1.2% year to date as of the close of trading on Tuesday.
You can view the full
ATMI Ratings Report or get investment ideas from our
investment research center.
- The gross profit margin for ATMI INC is rather high; currently it is at 54.40%. Regardless of ATMI's high profit margin, it has managed to decrease from the same period last year. Despite the mixed results of the gross profit margin, ATMI's net profit margin of 7.90% is significantly lower than the same period one year prior.
-.
- ATMI has no debt to speak of therefore resulting in a debt-to-equity ratio of zero, which we consider to be a relatively favorable sign. Along with this, the company maintains a quick ratio of 4.05, which clearly demonstrates the ability to cover short-term cash needs.
- The revenue growth came in higher than the industry average of 0.8%. Since the same quarter one year prior, revenues rose by 18.1%.Professional Front Load CD Player
Product Code 30510
Retail Price
$299.95
Sale Price!
$199.00
Buy Today and Save $100.95 (34% from Retail)
We're sorry, this product is no longer available.
The CDJ-02 anti-shock CD player is fitted with a full slot-in mechanism to ensure safety & protection for your discs. Controlling the unit has been made easier thanks to a new soft touch jog wheel & feather light touch buttons.
0 1
Features:
Anti-Shock using buffer memory (10-40 seconds)
CD Slot-In mechanism with LED "Disc-In" function
Illuminated play & cue buttons
Large blue backlit LCD display
4%, 8% & 16% Variable pitch with pitch OFF display
Large soft touch rubber jog wheel
Fully programmable direct access rubber keypad
Single auto-cue/continuous play modes
Seamless looping with reloop feature
Pitch bend buttons
Time select
Frame accurate search cueing
Large blue LCD display
Coaxial digital & stereo RCA outputs
General:
Disc Type: Standard Compact discs (12 cm & 8 cm)
Time Display: Track Elapsed, Track Remain, or Total remain
Variable Pitch: ± 16% Slider with Resume Switch
Start: Within 0.03 seconds
Track Selection: 1 to 99 Tracks
Audio Section:
Quantization: 1 Bit Linear/Channel, 3 Beam Laser
Oversampling Rate: 8 Times
Sampling Frequency: 44.1 kHz
Frequency Response: 20 Hz to 20 kHz
Total Harmonic Distortion: Less Than 0.005%
Signal to Noise Ratio: >96 dB
Dynamic Range: >94 dB
Output Level (nominal): 1.9 Volts R.M.S.
Power Supply: AC 120/230V, 60/50 Hz
Unit Dimensions: 8.5” x 3.75 x 12.5” (216 x 95 x 317mm)
8th Street Music $25 Gift Certificate
Product Code
g25
Description$25.00 Add to cart
Gift Certificate (may be purchased in multiple amounts)Discover a selection of top forums community! maximus on the internet. Come to share your passion on forums community! maximus and meet other fans of community! maximus. Then, why don't you create your own forum of community! maximus ? : Adult Gaming Community
free, forum, triple, gaming, adult, community
Online Gaming Community for COD4 Enthusiasts.
scare, clan, online, gaming, community, cod4, enthusiasts
Superior Carding Forums For Superior Carders & Hackers Only
carding, forum, carders, hackers, verified, vendors, carder, fraud, infraud, dumps, credit, card, security, shims, track, board, underground, community
Free forum : Friendly place to chat about anything really. . .
blogging, friends, kitchen, friendly, robert, pattinson, kristen, stewart, live, chat, movie, blogs, discussion, blog, jokes, books, music
Free forum : Dedicated to the reproduction of detail in any scale
kitbashkorner, modeling, reproduction, scale, model, building, logs, tips, tricks, community, models, plane, tank, painting, plastic unofficial community forums of Secondhand Lands! This board is strictly fanmade for players to have fun and communicate aside from the official board.
fanmade, community, unofficial, forums, secondhand, lands, board, forum, players, communicate, official, apostle, black, green
L33t Gaming: A gaming community.ACC Area Guide
You'll find something to satisfy any craving with the Greensboro area's selection of restaurants, including fine dining to Southern specialties to ethnic cusine and more. Below is a small section of the more than 500 restaurants in the area. For a full list of restaurants view our 2015 visitors guide.
Play in the center of it all in Greensboro, N.C. Greensboro has attractions for the whole family to enjoy inbetween the live action of the ACC men's and women's basketball tournaments. Greensboro features more thank 135 attractions ranging from history, family fun, golf, shopping and much more. Below is a small selection of that attractions that Greensboro offers. For a full list of attractions please visit our 2015 visitors guide.
The Riverside New Homes Directory is one of the most useful real estate sites on the Internet for finding new homes for sale in Riverside. New Homes Directory .com is the easiest place for home searchers to find new homes and new condos as well as the most efficient means for new home builders to get results promoting their new home communities in Riverside.
BUILDERS: AHV Homes, Brookfield Residential, Capital Pacific Homes, D.R. Horton, Frontier Communities, K. Hovnanian Homes, KB Home, Lennar Homes, Meritage Homes, Pardee Homes, Standard Pacific Homes, TRI Pointe Homes, Van Daele Homes, Warmington Residential.Riverside Home Builder News
The hustle and bustle of the work week can really take its toll: emails, meetings, and agendas, all topped off by sitting in traffic. With all that pent up stress, it’s important to come home t...
Spring is the beginning of the home buying season. As the weather warms up and kids are off on spring break, home buyers flock the streets to find their next home. One community you cannot afford to ...Hot on the heels of the recent Android 4.2 release, a minor follow up has begun rolling out to Nexus tablet owners.
Nexus 4, Nexus 7 and Nexus 10 owners are waking up to an OTA update to Android 4.2.1.
If you haven’t got yours already, you’ll be seeing an update notification pop up in the next day or two.
What’s fixed in Android 4.2.1?
As with all minor updates we shouldn’t expect anything revolutionary to be pushed out. So unless you have a lot of friends with birthdays in December you’ll not be getting too excited by this one.
As far as we know the headline fix is the birthday bug introduced in 4.2.
That said, I am hoping that there’s something in there to help the performance problems many of us are still suffering from. Some early feedback on Twitter indicates that owners have seen an improvement but it’s always so difficult to tell. Personally the performance of my Nexus 7 varies from day to day so it’s not clear what may or may not be affecting it’s speediness.
As always I seem to be the last person to get these updates but will report back when it finally arrives!
I’ve just bought a Nexus 7, but it’s a 4.1. Are you saying that it will just update itself automatically?
Yes, I’m not sure anyone really knows how it works behind the scenes, but sooner or later you’ll get a notification saying an update is available and would you like to install it.
There are ways to “force” it but you’re probably better off waiting. asian pasta made with spaghetti.
I follow you on Pinterest!
My favorite healthy spaghetti recipe is whole wheat pasta with homemade tomato sauce.
Following you both on Facebook.
I like spaghetti with broccoli, garlic and onions in a little olive oil!
I like a whole grain pasta tossed with quartered cherry tomatoes, minced garlic, red pepper flakes, olive oil, fresh basil and a bit of fresh grated parmesan.
I follow you on Pinterest!
I follow you on Twitter
Following you both on Twitter.
I follow @TwoPeasandPod and @BarillaUS on Twitter.
One of my favorite dishes when I was younger was my mom’s Spaghetti Pie. It was a crazy (and not super healthful) combination of noodles, sauce, and cream cheese, with a golden crust of even more cheese baked on top. Now a days, I’m more likely to opt for a dollop of kale pesto with my spaghetti, but that casserole still holds a special place in my heart!
I follow you both on Facebook
I subscribe to Two Peas and Their Pod.
Following you on Pinterest.
I love making whole wheat linguine with olive oil and garlic! Simple, healthy, and tasty!
I also follow you on Pinterest!
Subscribed to your RSS feed.
I follow Two Peas and Their Pod on Pinterest.
I subscribe to your emails
I love making wheat pasta with sauted garlic, mushrooms, shallots and spinach with chicken tossed in a little bit of olive oil and chicken stock or wine white and sprinkled with parmesan cheese…very tasty and light!
I love making squash spaghetti!
I like whole grain pasta with olive oil, grilled chicken and pine nuts.
I follow @TwoPeasandPod and @BarillaUS on Twitter
@Austin_FIT
I Subscribe to Two Peas and Their Pod email.
I love spinach filled ravioli
I Follow Two Peas and Their Pod on Pinterest.
LIke Two Peas and Their Pod and Barilla on Facebook. Kathbpersons
I like spaghetti with seafood, white wine, and a squeeze of lemon!
Follow on pinterest kathypersons
I liked both Two Peas and Their Pod and Barilla on Facebook (name: Casey Moore).
Follow both on twitter @mkjmc
I follow both Two Peas and Their Pod and Barilla US on Twitter (username: caseyamoore).
I am an e-mail subscriber to Two Peas and Their Pod!
I follow Two Peas and Their Pod on Pinterest (username: caseyamoore). Woo hoo! Pasta is my favorite food (and greatest vice!). It would be awesome to win this giveaway.
Make it with lots of vegetables.
I subscribe to your rss feed via reader
And I follow you on Pinterest
pasta with lemon, garlic, red pepper flakes, shrimp, italian parsley
As a matter of fact, I usually cut up sun dried tomatoes in my spaghetti! Nothing like that big punch in the face of tomato flavor. Yours looks lovely.
I’m also joined up on Facebook.Ethernet
Terms
- 10 Gigabit Ethernet – 10GbE (IEEE 802.3ae)
- 1000Base-T (IEEE 802.3ab)
- 100Base-T (IEEE 802.3u) Fast Ethernet
- 10Base-2
- 10Base-T (Twisted Pair Ethernet)
- 10Base5
- 2-205 rule
- 5-4-3 rule
- AAUI
- Aloha
- AP - Access Point
- AUI
- auto partitioning
- Cat-5
- collision
- collision detection
- collision domain
- CSMA/CD - Carrier Sense Multiple Access / Collision Detection
- ENIW
- EtherLoop
- Ethernet
- Ethernet Audio/Video Bridging
- Ethernet Networking Interface
- GBIC
- giant
- Gigabit Ethernet
- HPNA
- HSRP
- IEEE 802 standards
- iSCSI
- jumbo frame
- LAT
- LOM
- MAE
- MDIX
- medium dependent interface
- NAS - Network Attached Storage
- packet collision
- packet collision rate
- PIX Firewall
- runt
- shared Ethernet
- shielded twisted pair
- switched Ethernet
- switching hub
- terminator
- vampire tap
- vEth - virtual Ethernet »Carnell Hall, Room 600
1803 N. Broad Street
Philadelphia, PA 19122
Tel: (215) 204-8523
OFFICE HOURS
Monday - Friday
8:30am - 5:00pm
Got a question? Find an answer with Temple's Knowledge Base and Google Search.
For all Insurance Certificate request please email to: InsCert@temple.edu
Certificate of Insurance
All requests for evidence of insurance, either certificates of insurance or letters evidencing coverage, shall be forwarded to the Director of Risk Management and Insurance. Along with the written request, there should be a copy of the contract/agreement so that the specific insurance requirements can be met. Certificates of Insurance will be processed by the Risk Management and Insurance Department within 5 business days of receipt.
Important Reminder for Production Students:
Last date for request certificates of insurance before Thanksgiving break is Friday, November 13th, 2015 at NOON!!!
And before the Christmas break, the date is Friday, December 11th, 2015 at NOON!!!
This includes request for Rental Equipment!
Requirements for Insurance Certificates
Equipment Loan Policy For Production Students
Please visit our link below to see all our Liability Insurance Requirements:
Insurance Requirements
Forward Certificates of Insurance to: Temple University, Office of Risk Management Insurance & Treasury, 1803 North Broad Street, 6th Floor Carnell Hall, Philadelphia, PA 19122. Fax 215-204-4426. Electronic versions may be sent to InsCert@temple.edu
Insurance certificates can be emailed to InsCert@temple.edu.
Any questions regarding these insurance requirements should be directed to the Office of Risk Management and Insurance at 215-204-8523.
Uninsured organizations may purchase coverage for the date(s) of their event through the Tennant User Liability Insurance Program (TULIP) However, insurance coverage must be in place prior to an outside organization/group’s use of University facilities.
The University reserves the right to require higher limits from a contractor or vendor for a particular project or event due to the nature of the event/project, venue or anticipated number of attendees
Please contact your space rental representative for further information.
If you have further questions, please contact Risk Management & Insurance at 215-204-8523Watch @TheEllenShow Play "Nail Polish or Adult Movie?"
OPI is known for their unusual and unique polish names. They are entertaining and topical and… well, I guess some sound like Adult Movies
Watch Ellen play a fun game called Nail Polish or Adult Movie.
*Most of the colors mentioned are OPIKingdom of Heaven trades in timely issues about religion, war, and hostility between the Christian and Muslim worlds, yet Ridley Scott's Crusades-set chronicle—missing the signature skirmishes that gave his overrated Gladiator its visceral edge—contains little astute commentary about contemporary global and regional politics. Charting the journey of a blacksmith named Balian (Orlando Bloom) who, having lost his wife and child, assumes his fallen father's place in Jerusalem as a leading proponent of peace and tolerance, Scott's film, like so much of his work, offers visual pizzazz at the expense of storytelling profundity. Marvelously recreating his 12th-century setting but failing to produce any synergy between his glossy images and gritty tale of redemption, Scott winds up with a handsome but hollow spectacle of speechifying and swordfighting that misguidedly, and ineffectively, relies on its miscast lead and exposition-filled script to generate epic import.
Tormented by the death of his baby and his spouse's subsequent suicide (which puts her on a direct course for Hell), Balian—according to one of the film's numerous corrupt priests—has been abandoned by God. Yet the tradesman is shown the path to absolution by his long-lost father Godfrey of Ibelin (Liam Neeson, once again assuming the role of ass-kicking mentor), a famed Crusader in Jerusalem who wants his French son to join him in the holy city. Under the leadership of benevolent, leprosy-inflicted King Baldwin IV (Edward Norton, hidden beneath a genteel metal mask), 1184 Jerusalem clings to a tenuous peace, and now welcomes Christians, Jews, and Muslims to worship at its hallowed landmarks. Unrest, however, is being fomented by Guy de Lusignan (Marton Csokas), the husband of King Baldwin's sister Sibylla (Eva Green) who, along with a spiteful war-monger (Brendan Gleeson), wants to attack the nearby army of Muslim King Saladin (Ghassan Massoud) and, as a result, bring about a battle that will once and for all solidify control of the city in the hands of Christ's followers. Meanwhile, Balian endeavors to assume his father's quest to transform Jerusalem into the titular "kingdom of heaven," a melting pot where altruism and selflessness will rule, and where all races and faiths will happily coexist in harmony with God.
Scott and screenwriter William Monahan's plot is at once a rather straightforward salvation story as well as a parable about the dangers of organized religion and conflicts waged in its name. On both counts, however, Kingdom of Heaven is leaden and simplistic. With regards to Balian, Bloom is too slight and fresh-faced to be a charismatic leader of thousands, and his boyish prettiness interferes with his attempts to convey the burden of his hero's grief. The actor's performance, as unpersuasive as it may be, is largely sabotaged by the film's conception of the character. Balian is a godless man searching to rediscover his faith (and, with it, deliverance from his misery), yet Monahan's script gives him no character arc, no development—after meeting his father in the film's first 10 minutes, Balian is transformed into a man convinced that a righteous Jerusalem is a liberal Jerusalem, and thus he's static and unchanging, a blandly noble man doing noble things for a noble cause. When the humanistic Balian's triumph finally arrives, it's a moment of neither catharsis nor enlightenment but, rather, one of predictability.
Such a limp narrative center isn't aided by the film's stabs at allegorical relevance. With its cardboard cutout villains (Csokas and Gleason couldn't behave more wretchedly if they tried), underdeveloped, excessively noble Muslim characters (whose equally fanatical desire for a Muslims-only Jerusalem is disingenuously downplayed) and its rosy idealism, Kingdom of Heaven's agreeable condemnation of church-sponsored military campaigns is sapped of any pragmatic relevance. There's nothing inherently wrong with the film's promotion of racial and ethnic unity, or with its characterization of the Crusades as being motivated by dreams of religious, cultural, and economic domination rather than by reverence for the divine. Yet by offering little more than a "can't we all just get along" solution to Middle East discord, the distinctly anti-Church (if not anti-God) film—already overly reliant on typical Hollywood period piece tropes (clearly demarcated good and evil characters, a second-act crisis followed by a victorious finale, hokey Christian and Muslim choral singing)—chooses to merely fall back on naïvely romantic solutions to its central dilemmas.
A sumptuous treat for the eyes, Scott's swiftly paced film—more grand in scope than last summer's matinee idol-overloaded Troy—utilizes stunning set design (by Sonja Klaus) and majestic cinematography (courtesy of John Mathieson) to depict the dusty deserts, opulent throne rooms, and swarming battlefields of medieval Jerusalem. Especially during the enormous action sequences—which, though lacking spatial coherence, express the bloody chaos of hand-to-hand combat—and early scenes in a forest filled with floating ash (reminiscent of Legend's enchanted woods), Scott's vigorous frame has a classical regality. Frustratingly, though, there's no symbiotic relationship between his gorgeous cinematography and the film's themes concerning virtue, sacrifice, and piety. Though Scott shoots in sunny light during happy times and dark blues when a character is depressed (such as an embarrassing scene on the Mount where Balian, via ridiculously unnecessary narration, expresses thoughts like, "God, what is it you want of me?"), his lustrous but skin-deep camera work rarely reflects, amplifies, or comments on the story's bedrock topics and emotions. Never completely dull but disappointingly superficial, Kingdom of Heaven ultimately turns out to be a film about holiness beset by a pedestrian spirit.
Director(s): Ridley Scott Screenwriter(s): William Monahan Cast: Orlando Bloom, Liam Neeson, Jeremy Irons, David Thewlis, Brendan Gleeson, Edward Norton, Eva Green, Marton Csokas, Ghassan Massoud Distributor: 20th Century Fox Runtime: 144 min Rating: R Year: 2005Victoria College's Board of Trustees meets regularly on the third Monday every other month at 4 p.m. in the Corporate Training Room of the Academic Building, Room 101.
The next regular meeting of the Board of Trustees will be held on Monday, June 8, 2015 beginning at 4 p.m. in the Corporate Training Room, Academic Building, Room 101, 2200 East Red River, Victoria, Texas.
Meeting Agendas, Reports & Minutes
2015
Board of Trustees Meeting Minutes Archive (2006-2011)By Adaobi Duru
Daily we hear of multinationals engaging in one form of Corporate Social Responsibility or the other, Scholarships, Adoption of schools and orphanages, organizing essay and mathematics competition etc. The list is endless. We see billboards everywhere stating what this multinational corporation has done for one community or another.
Companies spend millions of dollars advertising what they spent pittance doing. Should we then call it CSR or PR? That is the million-dollar question.
I picked interest in reading about PR and CSR quite recently and the one thing that was quite obvious is the discrepancy about the connection of PR and CSR. In fact I found myself concurring with both sides of the arguments.
In this era of technology and information superhighway and overload, companies are forever searching for more inventive ways of getting across their messages, and CSR opens up endless possibilities, for cleverly reaching consumers.
But CSR should not be used as a PR or Marketing strategy. CSR is about businesses being socially responsible. It is about constant improvement and integrity and giving back to the society that has made them profitable. PR should be about reporting on these events as they occur. When the showcasing precedes the actual work or overshadows it then it becomes a problem.
I read on the Ogilvy website (Ogilvy is an International Public Relations Company) that CSR issues, if managed well, can be opportunities for a company to build its reputation and differentiate itself. This case simply reinforces the criticism that CSR is nothing more than a PR exercise.
CSR is not and should never be an avenue for reputation building or management. Organizations, that do not understand that CSR is about business sustainability and integrity as much as it is about social programs, often erroneously make CSR a PR campaign.
I will like to state categorically, that CSR is not a PR campaign. CSR is a strategic commitment a company makes to the larger community. Corporate Social Responsibility is a commitment by an organization to operate within the legal and social regulations. This encompasses doing business within the legal framework and enforcing strong corporate governance etc.
It is a recognition that companies operate in communities and can bring their resources to bear for positive social impact. It is when corporations recognize these and make concerted efforts to integrate them in their overall vision, then they can be said to be socially responsible. It requires resources both human and monetary and it is a long-term commitment that should be encouraged in business. If CSR is done solely for PR then it is no longer CSR.
Adaobi Duru is a Human Resources Consultant. She hopes to lend a strong voice in shaping public policy in Africa in the near Future. She writes as a hobby.
Image via csrafrica.net $9.5 billion and is part of the services sector and diversified services industry. Shares are up 4.2% year to date as of the close of trading on Wednesday.
You can view the full
S 45.14%Parking at the conservatory
The Columbus Dispatch - April 09, 2012 02:45 PM
?
The conservatory, built in 1895, has been a Columbus landmark for over a century now. Although renovations and additions have increased the size and scope of the conservatory, the original structure (now named The John F. Wolfe Palm House) has remained fairly consistent other than some changes to the entrance. The above photo, although undated, shows the original entrance and common conveyance of the time, suggesting the beginning of twentieth century as the probable period.BIZNETDAILY COMMENTARY
Do I need an IRA?
Dear Dave,
When I went to get my income taxes done this year my tax preparer suggested that I start investing in my 401(k) plan at work and that next year she would help me set up an IRA. What exactly is an IRA? I know it has something to do with retirement. Do I really need that right now? I am only 20 years old. Any advice would be appreciated.
Melanie in Kalamazoo, MI
Dear Melanie,
I will give you the same advice I would give anyone at any age. You should start saving for retirement as soon as you can. At your age, you could easily retire a millionaire if you are wise and start making the right decisions now. Did you catch that? I said you could retire a millionaire.
The first thing you should do is to get $1,000 in the bank. This will be your emergency fund. This way, if your car breaks down or some unexpected emergency comes up you will not have to scramble or mess up your budget to cover it. Then you need to pay off any debts that you have right now. Become debt free as soon as possible. The best way to build wealth and prepare for your future is to be free of all debts, and never borrow money…ever. This frees up your entire income, which is your number one wealth-building tool.
If your company offers a 401(k) and a match, you should invest the maximum possible amount. A 401(k) gives you nothing unless you put in something, so for goodness’ sake you need to put something in. The 401(k) usually gives you four to ten options of where to invest. I would choose the mutual funds options every time. Invest in four types of categories of mutual funds: Growth, growth and income, international and aggressive growth. Invest 25 percent of you money in each of those categories in order to keep your money diversified, so that all your eggs are not in one basket. Invest in mutual funds that have good, long track records, too. You will need to do some research, but believe me it will be worth it.
After you are funding your 401(k) then you should look into. If you are smart with your money now, you can put yourself in a position to retire with dignity and leave a legacy for generations to come.
-Dave Thursdays ago, I described the links between one of gaming’s biggest PR companies, TriplePoint PR, and a small gaming news-and-reviews site founded by TriplePoint’s general manager/founder Richard Kain (“A Slave of Two Masters,” JoystickDivision.com, Sept. in which he has invested. in which embargo on less-than-glowing reviews, $800 sacks o’ swag awarded to Halo 3 reviewers and a dozen other examples have soured many gamers to the point they’re skeptical of anything found onscreen or on the page—even other gamers. Case in point: The poster who brought up the TriplePoint/GameCyte story at a popular gaming-discussion board was quickly accused of being either me or one of TriplePoint’s rivals. such as.
Sponsor ContentTalk:Michael Godwin
From Conservapedia
Editor not letting article discuss liberal bias.
(Moved from Andy's page)
Please see [1]. SkipJohnson 11:41, 20 August 2007 (EDT)
- You could take it up with me before running to someone else. As I said (twice) the edit needs to follow the guidlines. I'm not stopping the article from discussing liberal bias, I'm keeping the article from making a baseless (and false) tangential smack at liberals and Wikipedia. Please read the guidelines. They clearly state that you need to attribute opinion or disputed facts. That a WP lawyer cleans out vandalism of his page somehow means that liberals bias Wikipedia is not a fact; it is a claim. Jazzman831 11:47, 20 August 2007 (EDT)
- Both above make good points, and opened my eyes to a changing of the guard at Wikipedia: a new attorney, described as a liberal, has taken the helm and is restating Wikipedia policy in the New York Times. He unabashedly edits his own entry and publicly states that anyone else can do likewise. This is a change ... a big one.--Aschlafly 12:25, 20 August 2007 (EDT)
- The fact that letting people edit increases bias is so obvious it shouldn't need a citation. Furthermore, this should be noted in the article because it is part of a general pattern, edits by Godwin, Jimbo Wales, Dem HQ, the New York Times. There's a clear pattern here. SkipJohnson 16:31, 20 August 2007 (EDT)
- The sentence in question says that letting people edit increases liberal bias. If this were true, then why is Conservapdia not liberal? It simply is not an obvious fact that open editing makes a liberal bias; there are people at WP all the time who undo liberal bias. And, as I have said three times already, it's not the content I'm objecting to, it's the manner in which it is displayed. "This sort of behavior is allowed by liberals, and is a cause of Bias in Wikipedia" is an opinion and an attack and does not belong in an encyclopedia. And on top of all that, somebody removing vandalism or correcting factual information can not be linked with liberal bias.
- I'm fine with finding real reasons as to why liberal bias slips into Wikipedia (well... more accurately I tolerate the idea), but this is not one of those reasons. Find something that says "according to X, Y is a cause of liberal bias". Simply being a liberal editor does not automatically mean there will be liberal edits, let alone liberal bias; we have perfectly functional liberal editors on our own site. Jazzman831 23:05, 20 August 2007 (EDT)
- Letting liberals edit their own pages is an obvious cause of bias. Kent Hovind tried to edit his page and he was stopped. So was Jonathan Sarfati. But when someone is a liberal they let them do it. Of course that makes for more liberal bias. SkipJohnson 11:01, 23 August 2007 (EDT)
- You're getting there (I don't see any evidence that Hovind or Sarfati were stopped, but I'll take your word for it for the sake of argument). Letting liberals edit their pages can be an obvious cause of bias, as can be letting conservatives edit pages. It's not an automatic causation, but a possible tendency (and this doesn't take in to account the mediating effect of having thousands of users who all have different points of view). But this all belongs on the bias in Wikipedia page. The only thing you have shown me that belongs on this page is that "Wikipidea" (meaning, of course, Wikipedians) let their paid staff skirt the rule on self-editing.
- The whole crux of the matter involves whether or not Godwin's edits of his own page inserts bias into Wikipedia. Here are every single edit he's made to his own page: [2], [3], [4], [5], [6]. That's it, and most of them are minor wording changes; having nothing to do with actual content. Jazzman831 15:50, 23 August 2007 (EDT)
The question on autobiographical editing is mentioned in the conflict of interest page[7]. Michael Godwin is notable enough to have a page, and has been notable long before Wikipedia was created. He is not using it for self promotion (thats where the COI issue comes up), nor are his edits self promotion. If there was to be a conflict of interest on editing a page about ones self, The non-controversial edits covers the examples given by Jazzman. The first example given (edited in '05) is a link to a page for a forum he hosted and has no information about him (many notable people have hosted many forums, however the forum itself is not notable). One also has to wonder that if this is a critique of Wikipedia, is there a similar problem here with people editing pages about themselves[8]? What is good for the goose is often good for the gander. --Rutm 16:29, 23 August 2007 (EDT)
"Godwin admits to editing the Wikipedia article about himself"
I'm going to remove that sentence, unless there is a really good reason for keeping it. From what I see, it's in line with Wikipedia's COI policy, others also do it, and even people on this site do it. So the sentence is correct, but pointless. --Jenkins 07:52, 13 January 2008 (EST)Hello all
I've started a DBA course in Oracle, which was originally intended to get me an Oracle Certified Professional certificate (I'm sure there's a more succinct way of saying that but I can't figure it out, please advise if you know...esp for my resume!). I may have to leave early though, in which case I'm going to ask the institution if they could just give me an Oracle Certified Associate certificate instead. I wanted to ask if there's a big difference between the two? Naturally the OCP is more comprehensive and therefore better but I have time and money constraints and so want to know if at this point the more comprehensive certificate justifies the extra cost or not. So if anyone could advise it would be much appreciated.?
I'd appreciate any input.
Peace,
Daanish
huh?
OCA and OCP include different training and different examinations, they are not interchangeable.
You cannot get OCP certification without having OCA first.
You have to check education.oracleCP is completed your OCA, only OCA is not enough I think and in particular for DBA.
OCP is recognize for a job, I don't know for OCA.
see you
Originally Posted by Daanish?
Daanish
Daanish -
I have recently completed my OCA in 10g DBA. Here's how I went about it: Bought a much cheaper Self study CD from Ebay (~ 20 dollars), and the Sybex study guide series for OCA and OCP ( ~ 90 dollars ). Bought a dual core PC with 2GB of RAM and downloaded Oracle 10g Enterprise edition, VMware Server, and Oracle Linux (all free for home testing use only). Worked through the CBT in three months, then the study guide for three months, then bought the Oracle Approved testing software and drilled on test questions for three months, then took the exam.
In my opinion, just taking a course is not going to work for you unless you have a photographic memory. That is where the PC loaded with an Oracle database comes in handy: You can get hands on experience working through the examples in the study guide and the test questions.
I am now studying for the OCP. Yes, I had to take one hands on course from Oracle (big buck$). Once again, if you rely only on that course for your preparation, you will probably fail the exam, unless you have a very sharp memory and lots of work experience as a DBA. My advice would be to excel in the OCA exam, get a job in the field (if you don't have one already), then prepare for the OCP when you have more time/money.
Forum RulesI didn't see her for a little over a week, but sadly this morning I found her body in the middle of the sidewalk. She'd clearly been hit by a car and very recently, her body was still limp and warm. (Silver lining - at least the cat didn't get her, they hunt at night and hide their victims). I knew it was Dandelion because she had a unique white stripe on her face and a red ruff behind her ears.
I cried a lot and buried her under the ferns she found fascinating when I first set her free in our back yard.
My tears weren't only about Dandelion. When I stopped the cat from killing her a month ago, I felt like I'd done something important, like a hero. Now I feel like a fool. A fool for thinking I'd made a difference in the baby bunny's life, a fool for feeling so much grief that she's dead, for being full of hope that I'd see her with her own brood of kits in our back yard next spring.
Will I try to save baby rabbits from cats in the future? Yes, I think so. I can't bear the way cats toy with them. But the experience will be less sweet and lacking hope, more bitter and shadowed by ambivalence.
Oh, sad. Poor little thing. I have a particular affinity for baby bunnies, having accidentally captured three in my youth, and then accidentally stepped on one in my backyard and breaking its leg.
You certainly did a good, not-at-all-foolish thing to try.
At least the bunny - & you - had the joy of each other's company for a little while. Very sad that it didn't have a longer life, but I don't think your heroics were wasted!Self Catering Lodges Image Gallery
Fota Island Resort - Lodge Gallery
Outlined below are some images of both the Courseside and Courtyard Lodges that are available for rental at the Fota Island Resort and which are ideal for self catering breaks in Ireland. To view a larger versions of the images for our Luxury Self Catering in Cork simply click on the thumbnail.
Courseside Lodges
Courtyard Lodges

Highly addictive. But in the good way!
This is a fabulous game - entertaining, fun, and even uplifting. Love the idea, love the music, and most of all, love the way the music ties in with the action of the game. Great job, Midget!
Rated 4 / 5 stars
very good
Original concept, great! The graphics could need enhancement, but this game is fun. Especially the music that fits every step you make.
The only thing, I never figured out what skipping was good for. How can you skip over obstacles?
Besides, I know that sond that is played, what is it?
Rated 2.5 / 5 stars
not bad
it was a fun little game, a bit of a challenge, but it was fairly easy once you got the hang of what buttons to press.
Rated 5 / 5 stars
great
probably the best game i have seen on newgrounds in a long long time, i know good games when i see them.
trust me
Rated 4 / 5 stars
:D
awesometag:blogger.com,1999:blog-20709534.post5560055932645948249..comments2015-04-19T11:26:12.243-05:00Comments on Geographic Travels: Lebanon in PerilCatholicgauze way, I think everyone is at fault in this s...Either way, I think everyone is at fault in this situation, you cant just scapegoat one section of people and say they are at fault. I disagree with both of you, I dont think Americans want to stir up the middle east, but I also dont think we can blame every misdeed on Hezbollah. That kind of thinking distorts our own logic.Andrew could the killings be done by the country with ...Or could the killings be done by the country with the track record. Sorry your anti-American theory doesn't work out....Catholicgauze News media wants to make it look like an a...America News media wants to make it look like an anti Christian killing by referring the killing of Lebanon Cabinet minister Pierre Gemayel as an anti Christian and anti Syrian motivated killing. <br /><br />Why? Make the killing look like America has no reason to do the killing.<br /><br />America and Israel have the most to gain by keeping the Middle East fighting among themselves. <br /><br />Israel gains because their enemy’s can’t organize against Israel and America gains because it allows America to justify it’s staying in the Middle East thus steal more oil. <br /><br />Read the book:<br />“Inheriting Syria: Bashar's Trial by Fire”<br />By Flynt Leverett<br />Brookings Institution Press 2005, 286pp.<br /><br /><br />See this on the web at:<br /> SyriaCaps' top line still weak at even strength
Caps bounce back with win over Columbus
When the Capitals’ coaching staff shook up the forward lines and defense pairings last week, one combination that was left untouched was the top line of center Nicklas Backstrom, left wing Marcus Johansson and right wing Alex Ovechkin.
Through eight games, the trio has combined for just three even-strength goa and is a combined minus-12, which averages out to a minus-4 as a unit.
By comparison, last season Backstrom [plus-8], Johansson [plus-3] and Ovechkin [plus-2] were a combined plus-13, with a little more than half of their goals [24] coming at even strength.
“The whole team needs to be better in our own end and then go on offense and take the chances when we get them,” Johansson said.
Adam Oates admits plus-minus numbers can often be skewed – Ovechkin was on the ice for a goal against after coming out of the penalty box last week – but he sas he’s like better 5-on-5 play from his top line.
“I think we can get more out of it,” Oates said. “They’re getting their looks. You don’t want anybody to be a minus player.”
Ovechkin has seven of the line’s eight goals this season, with four of them coming on the power play. He scored an even-strength goal last week against the Oilers from the high slot, backing up to drill a feed from Johansson.
Oates is trying to get Ovechkin to score from more areas of the ice than at any other time in his career. That’s why, instead seeing Ovechkin parked in the left circle, you’ll see him sneak in a few steps toward the goal or moonwalk back a few strides into the slot, creating better shooting angles.
The thought is that if Ovechkin makes himself a moving target, he becomes that much more difficult to defend. Oates was asked if the reinvention of Ovechkin reminds him of Brett Hull, who scored a career-high 72 and 86 goals when he was paired with Oates in 1989-90 and 1990-91.
“They have the same release, the same power on their shots,” Oates said. “Ovi has the physical strength Brett didn’t have, but the more he learns the more he’s going to tap into that.”
Oates said there are times Ovechkin is tired of hearing about the comparisons to Hull, but when he’s “in the mood,” he tries to instill new wrinkles in Ovechkin’s game.
“I’m so conscious of not overloading him so he can play,” Oates said. “But if I see a hole maybe he can exploit I’m going to show him it.”
Oates said Johansson made a “great play” to find Ovechkin in the high slot against Edmonton and that Ovechkin created a shooting lane by backing into position.
“You don’t want to fade too far because the goaltending’s too good,” Oates said. “You’re not going to score from too far out. Marcus only has a split second there to make that play and if you’re not in that hole no play is going to happen. That’s why every guy is important on that line.”
It’s also why Oates is hesitant to break it up.
“We love to play together,” said Johansson, who is still seeking his first goal of the season. “I think we’re creating chances, maybe not as much as we like, but we do have chances and we just need to find a way to score. It’s been a tough start so far, but we know what we’re doing out there and a couple lucky bounces and it’s turned around.”Book your room at Four Points by Sheraton Houston Hobby Airport
Traditional Room, 1 King BedMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Room, 2 Queen Beds, AccessibleMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Room, 1 King Bed, AccessibleMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Traditional Room, 2 Queen BedsMax Occupancy: 4 guests (up to 3 children)
Executive RoomMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Suite, 1 BedroomMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
Suite, AccessibleMax Occupancy: 3 guests (up to 2 children)
3-star hotel with free airport shuttle and free area km).
Hotel Features
Along with a restaurant, this smoke-free hotel has.Information missing or incorrect? Tell us!
Hotel Amenities
Hotel Amenities lobby
- Total number of rooms - 79
- Year Built 2010
Family Friendly Amenities
- Area shuttle (complimentary)
- Free Wi-Fi
- Laundry facilities
- has a restaurant serving breakfast_8<<
).You have no items in your shopping cart.
RSVP Coffee Scoop 2 TbspCS-2TBOur Price: $4.95
Norpro Tea Bag Squeezers5528Our Price: $5.99
Trudeau Milk Frother - Battery Operated080-1100Our Price: $14.88 ON SALE: $13.39
RSVP Berlino Spoon - Long Dessert or Drink Spoon825-RSVPOur Price: $2.95
Norpro Tea Infuser Spoon5510Our Price: $4
Harold Imports Whale Floating Tea Infuser93223Our Price: $10.99
Norpro Tea Infuser w/ Handle5547Our Price: $7.95
Norpro Laser-Cut Tea Infuser Lid5549Our Price: $9.95
Capresso Froth Plus Milk Frother204.04Our Price: $59.99
GeFu Stainless Steel Spice Infuser/Strainer12910Our Price: $14.95
La Cafetiere Stainless Steel Teapot - 2 CupTM970000Our Price: $32.99
La Cafetiere Stainless Steel Teapot - 4 CupTM980000Our Price: $37.99
La Cafetiere Loose Leaf Tea InfuserTS000000Our Price: $9.99
Harold Imports Honey Spoon - Jasmine80713PROOur Price: $5.99
Reed & Barton Brighton 4 Pc Coffee Set - SilverplatedS-2600Our Price: $274.99
Le Creuset Whistling Tea Kettle for Induction Stoves (56 Oz) - Stainless SteelSS3102Our Price: $119.95
Harold Imports Sailboat Tea Infuser93224Our Price: $10.99
Change Color In Cart:
Lowest Price Guaranteed!
If you find a lower advertised price anytime within the next week, not only will we match it, but we'll beat that price by $5.00*!Eg,, or
binck.nl has 63729 traffic rank in world by alexa. binck.nl is getting 17260 pageviews per day and making USD 53.78 daily. binck.nl has 3218 backlinks according to yahoo and currently not listed in Dmoz directory. binck.nl is hosted in Netherlands at BinckBank data center. binck.nl is most populer in NETHERLANDS. Estimeted worth of binck.nl is USD 39259.4 according to websiteoutlook"We transferred to Dr. Miyamoto's office after ages of traveling to Santa Monica for optometry services. He came highly recommended from several friends. We like him and his ..."
"This duo (Dr.'s Miyamoto and Nakamura) are simply the best there is in eye care. From the time you get there till the time you leave, you are ..."$25 Shipping When You Purchase 12 Bottles - Click For Details
|
Mobile Site
|
|
|
Your cart:
0
bottles
Advanced search
Search again:
Go
Advanced search
prev
SKU 738503
Dr. Fischer Ockfener Bockstein Riesling Qba 2011
Dr. Fischer - Mosel-Saar-Ruwer - Germany - Saar - Ockfen. Fischer
Dr. Fischer Ockfener Bockstein Riesling Kabinett 2013 750ml
$18.24
Dr. Fischer Ockfener Bockstein Riesling Qba 2012 750ml
$14.84
Dr. Fischer Ockfener Bockstein Riesling Qba 2013 750ml
$14.84
Dr. Fischer Ockfener Bockstein Riesling Qba Dr. Fischer Ockfener Bockstein Riesling Qba 2011
Winery:
Dr. F.City Garden Hotel Shinanoji
No availability found through our partners. Please contact the business directly or check some of our recommended alternatives.
- " src="" alt="Comfort Hotel Nagano" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Metropolitan Nagano Hotel" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hotel Nagano Avenue" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hotel New Nagano" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Chisun Grand Nagano" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hotel Abest Naganoekimae" class="accom_photo">
Location
Travelers also recommend:
-
-
- More recommendations
TripAdvisor Reviews City Garden Hotel Shinanoji Nagano
Travel Blogs from Nagano ... ...
Old School Japan
... s. The silver lining was that I had decided to go up into the mountains and experience some of the old fashioned houses in a self catered communal house.
Set in the mountain town of Hattoji the whole are is dedicated to preserving the look of the old life in japan and encouraging Gaijin to come and get a taste. To this end the local councils have laws in place regarding the character of the town and its surrounds. For me this was perfect. To live in ...Global Security Newswire
Daily News on Nuclear, Biological & Chemical Weapons, Terrorism and Related Issues
Pakistan Blocks Latest Work Plan at Conference on Disarmament
WASHINGTON -- Pakistan on Tuesday ended the latest effort to establish a plan of work that would allow the international Conference on Disarmament to move forward with negotiations on a treaty to ban production of fissile materials for nuclear weapons.
"At the plenary meeting of the CD ambassador of Pakistan blocked the adoption of the program of work proposed by Hungary," Kassym-Jomart Tokayev, conference secretary general, stated on Twitter.
Islamabad has since 2009 held up progress at the 65-nation body intended to serve as the lone multilateral forum for negotiation of arms control treaties. The body in Geneva, Switzerland, operates on consensus and has not conducted negotiations in 16 years.
Pakistan has asserted that a fissile material cutoff treaty would put it at strategic disadvantage to rival and fellow nuclear-armed state India. It has demanded that any negotiations address reductions in existing stocks of plutonium or weapon-grade uranium.
Hungary was the first of six nations that will assume the conference presidency over three separate sessions. Its work plan was similar to proposals from prior sessions, intended to address nuclear disarmament, preventing a space arms race, the fissile materials pact, and assurances that nuclear-armed nations would not use or threaten to use those assets against states without such weapons. A single working group would have dealt with both disarmament and the fissile materials cutoff, rather than separate panels as proposed in previous years.
The latest failure to achieve progress "was to be expected, even though we tried our best, and had others accept a number of concessions to ease Pakistani concerns, including designating Brazil to lead the combined disarmament and fissile materials cutoff panel, a Hungarian official in Geneva told Global Security Newswire by e-mail.
"The Hungarian presidency is done. It is now up to the incoming president India to figure out how to move forward. They are in a difficult position because of their bilateral relationship with Pakistan, so one should not expect great progress in the coming weeks," added the official, who requested to remain anonymous in discussing sensitive matters.
The present Conference on Disarmament session continues through March.also known as Scott J. Harris
Administrative Law, Litigation, Personal Injury, Ethics & Professional Responsibility, State, Local And Municipal Law
S J Harris Law and attorney Scott J. Harris are devoted to representing individuals and businesses in Professional Licensing and
Civil Litigation Matters, as well as Small Business Transactions, Formation, Dissolution, and Contracts.
As a former Deputy Attorney General with the California
Department of Justice, attorney Scott J. Harris aims to
capitalize on his years of experience to find the
best solutions, strategies and means to represent your interests.
Competent, compassionate and dedicated legal representation may be more cost effective than you may think..
In his years spent as a Deputy Attorney General, Scott J. Harris
developed strong relationships with clients, opposing counsel,
and consumers, and today he is committed to taking
these experiences and applying them constructively and vigorously to his
client's professional pursuits. Team, and is a former
participant
of the California Department of Justice's National
Institute of Trial Advocacy program. Scott J. Harris is also the
2010-2011.
Licensed since 2005
Fees:
Free Consultation (40 minutes)
Payment Types:
Cash, Check, Credit Card
2 total
I endorse this lawyer.
Christian Lassen
Relationship: Fellow lawyer in community
8383 Wilshire Blvd.
Suite 830
Beverly Hills, CA, 90211-2445Bosch Universal Plus Mixer with Blender Combo , selling for $469.98 brand new. Manufactured by Bosch. There are 2 units left brand new.
Some great features of this product include:
- 800 Watt Motor
- 6.5 Quart Bowl holds up to 15 pounds of dough
- Includes Mixer, Wire Whips, Dough Hook, Bowl, Splash ring & Blender.
- 4 Speed Settings, plus a momentary switch
- Removable Drive Shaft for easy cleaning
More than 60 years of high quality and trust designed for your kitchen. From baking to blending it has attachments to satisfy your every kitchen need. With an 800 watt motor and a 6.5 quart bowl, it is one of the most powerful machines in its class. Belt Drive Transmission and Suction feet for stability. Dozens of Attachments and Accessories available. Ergonomic, unique, modern design. 100% BPA Free
Buy for $469.98 brand new
Save 6% ($30.00) by purchasing on Amazon.com1 Fred Trueman's Indoor League
Yorkshire TV
1973-78
A seminal pub sports show, Indoor League was one of only a handful of shows in the history of the small screen that made the nation's inveterate boozers feel like world class sportsmen. The weekly showcase of darts and arm wrestling, shove ha'penny and skittles - car park fighting never made the cut - was overseen by England and Yorkshire cricket legend Fred Trueman, who, with pipe in hand and conspicuous absence of alacrity, talked us through the (in)action before signing off with a no-nonsense wink and his now legendary farewell 'I'll si' thee...'
2 Mike Reid's Under Par
Discovery Home and Leisure
2003
There were several golf shows vying for a place in the 10. Obviously, A Round With Alliss came close but was excluded on the grounds that the last thing Peter Alliss needed was even more air time to wish the Major at Royal Porthcawl a speedy recovery. And Tim Brooke-Taylor popped up on cable recently in Tim Brooke-Taylor's Golf Clubs, wherein former Goodie Tim Brooke-Taylor visits various golf clubs. It's as good as it sounds. Which leaves Mike Reid's Under Par. It features Reid in trademark shades defacing the nation's golf courses with a swing not unlike that of an axeman decapitating a king. Hilarious for all the wrong reasons, one need only watch the gruff comic carve another ball into the trees to make you realise that your golf game is not nearly as bad as you had imagined. Triffic it most certainly isn't.
3 Superstars
BBC
1974-85
This summer, the BBC will finally screen the return of Superstars, the show for sports folk with nothing better to do with their time. It is long overdue. In its heyday in the 1970s, Superstars was required viewing. Whether it was Kevin Keegan falling off his bike, a drunken Stan Bowles shooting himself in the foot or Brian Jacks's controversial sliding squat thrust technique, it was television sport at its very best; serious and stupid in equal measure and, above all, extremely funny. Can it ever be as good again? Well, with contestants said to include Teddy Sheringham and Dennis Wise, and with Johnny Vaughan taking over from the mighty David Vine, it's highly unlikely.
4 Salmon Run with Jack Charlton
BBC
1994
Long before Bruno Brookes hung up his Radio One headphones and cornered the market, grumpy ex-England stopper Jack Charlton tried his hand at taking angling to the British viewing public. The result was Salmon Run, a sad, sorry shambles of a show that was greeted with widespread critical indifference. Indeed, Charlton's unease in front of the cameras was such that observers noted that he need only pull his waterproofs and waders on and scowl at the River Tweed and the petrified salmon would voluntarily attach themselves to the World Cup-winner's hook.
5 Junior Kick Start
BBC
1982-92
Fronted by ex- Blue Peter stalwart, Peter Purves, Junior Kick Start was a show you only ever watched in case some poor kid on an overly large trials bike came a cropper. Thankfully, that happened on a regular basis. Readers may recall the most calamitous clip from the show wherein one boy racer fell on the 'pole-over-the-hole' section and damaged not only his pride but his nether regions too, followed soon after by the St. John's Ambulance team who rushed to the nipper's aid and then lost their footing in the quagmire of a course. The programme eventually ended in the early-90s when a new generation of kids turned their backs on driving motorbikes over VW Beetles in favour of alcopops and joyriding. Purves, meanwhile, was last seen fronting Men & Motors' Teen Trials.
6 World of Sport
ITV
1965-85
If the BBC's Grandstand was the first-born son that had flown the nest and found fame and fortune, World of Sport was the cheapskate kid brother that was still living at home and sponging off his parents at 35. Fronted by the Terry Thomas of sportscasting, the rakish Dickie Davies, and set against a backdrop of really busy people bashing away on typewriters, it ran from 1965 to 1985, and was not only responsible for introducing commentating legends like Kent Walton and Reg Gutteridge but also presenting a wide variety of blue-collar events from old school wrestling to the World Bus-Jump Classic where men in double-decker buses tried to leap over 100 motorbikes. Genius.
7 World's Strongest Woman
BBC
2002
After two decades of covering hordes of hulking Scandinavian men with no discernible necks dragging juggernauts along a street, the BBC finally turned their attentions to the World's Strongest Woman in May 2002, when they presented the inaugural competition on the banks of the Zambezi, near Victoria Falls. From the moment presenter John Inverdale began with a desperate link between Dr David Livingstone and the contestants ('Livingstone,' he said, 'was more concerned with the abolition of slavery than with female emancipation.') the tone was set for the most hilarious TV event since Margaret Thatcher left Downing Street for the final time. After the eight contestants had battled it out for what Inverdale called 'the coveted Butlin's Trophy', the critics rounded on the show, many to question the gender of the participants.
8 We are the Champions
BBC
1978-85
We Are The Champions had everything; the comedy of It's A Knockout, the competitive edge of a school sports day and in Ron Pickering, a giant in the world of sports commentary. Put simply, it was three teams of kids playing games with the kind of convoluted rules that made 3-2-1 look like a doddle. Each week, the games began on the playing field before heading indoors to the swimming pool, where, invariably, one kid could barely keep his head above water. Of course, the best bit came after the competition had ended, when in chaotic scenes not dissimilar from those at the end of Titanic, Pickering ushered the teams into the pool with his legendary command 'Away You Go!', a catchphrase that was doubtless heard at his funeral in 1991 too.
9 Ski Sunday
BBC
1978 -
Given that Britain has about as much of a track record in downhill skiing as Robbie Williams has in modesty, it's baffling why Ski Sunday struck such a chord with the public. But what made it so funny? Was it David Vine's colossal CHiPs-style sunglasses? Maybe it was the way enthusiastic locals in garish kagools clanged saucepans as another downhiller hurtled past them and into the fence. Or perhaps it was the fact that plucky Brit skier Konrad Bartelski (a man who showed such natural aptitude for downhill skiing that he's now a top coach - in rowing) could always be relied on to come home a full calendar month behind Franz Klammer. Whatever the reason, Ski Sunday was strangely compelling - the often amusing events on the Hahnenkahm remain etched in the nation's memory.
10 Kabaddi
Channel 4
1991-92
After the success of its gridiron coverage, Channel 4 turned its attentions to the subcontinent and the ancient Indian discipline kabaddi. To the uninitiated, kabaddi looked like nothing more than a bunch of barefooted Indian blokes playing tag in the sunshine. But then it did to the initiated as well. Sadly, despite fixtures such as West Bengal Police versus the Punjab, kabaddi failed to capture the imagination of the British viewers and as a result plans for further programmes based around playground games such as British bulldog and bikeshed smoking were soon shelved.
Justifying the selection
This month's 10 was selected by Gavin Newsham. Here he justifies his choice:
The criteria used for shortlisting the funny sporting candidates listed here was thus. First, the nominees had to be a series and not a one-off, which meant that memorable programmes like Graham Taylor's professional suicide note, The Impossible Job, fell by the wayside ('Do I not like that!')
Moreover, they could not be dramas based around a sporting theme, so the likes of Scully, Murphy's Mob, Footballer's Wives and Jossy's Giants were all rejected, as was Dream Team, which as anyone with access to Sky One will know already is abject rubbish. Sports game shows were also out so no Bullseye (I know, criminal) or, thankfully, Big Break (the less said about Jimmy Tarbuck's golf show, Full Swing, the better) while quizzes like A Question of Sport were also given short shrift. And before you write in, They Think It's All Over failed to make the grade because apart from tuning to see if Nick Hancock has finally outgrown his chair, it hasn't really been funny since the first series.
Certainly, most of those programmes that did make the grade fall into the unintentionally funny or 'so bad they're good' category. We call them plain funny, but inspirational and silly could easily apply too. Take the World's Strongest Woman, for example, and ask yourself this question. How can watching a woman with five o'clock shadow and a haircut like Peter Stringfellow flipping tractor tyres on the banks of the Zambezi not be funny?
Have your say...
Outraged by our choice? We thought so. Write and tell us which shows should be there instead, along with a justification for your selection in no more than 50 words. A selection of your 10s will be published next month, with each letter or email printed winning a free sports book.
Send your cards to: 10 Funniest Sports Shows, OSM, 119 Farringdon Rd, London EC1R 3ER or email us: osm@observer.co.ukThanks for flagging this SlideShare!
Oops! An error has occurred.
Published on Apr 15, 2008
For PDF go here:
…
For PDF go here:
Please view full screen to be able to see notes! This was the closing "Plenary" for IA Summit 2008. Hope it starts some new, even better conversations.
Select your reason for flagging this presentation as inappropriate.
An amazing presentation. It's a lesson that not only IAs need to learn, but also some other disciplines that are similarly searching for meaning (like BAs for example).
I hope to see you present again soonType: Posts; User: Tak Fujiwara
Thanks, twseitex.
Very much appreciated!
And, thanks for the pointer to msdn.
Tak
Great,,, charming!
One problem still remain, that I could not resolve yet. This may be a javascript
limitation.
[Problem:]
Say, the original jpg width is 1000 pix, and wanted display width...
OK,
I understand all of your code. Debugged, and it is now working.
The key tecnique is setTimeout("itselt", instead of do/while loop.
Many thanks for the help.
Tak
p.s. I still have some...
Thanks twseitex,
Wow, there are many techniques that I do not know. Will dig in.
There seems some errors in your code, however.
Have changed:
<a...
Newbie here, please be kind.
Want to reload a new image during executing a javascript. How can I do this?
Attached below is my trial script (problem portion only). It's intention is to
display...You are Here:
/
People
/
NRCS Employees
/ Toolkit
People
Toolkit is the primary conservation planning tool used by NRCS and affiliates. Toolkit is used for conservation planning and design, layout, and evaluation of approved conservation practices. Toolkit shares customer data with ProTracts and the Performance Results System (PRS) through the National Conservation Planning Database (NCP).
Developed primarily for use by Kansas NRCS field staff in support of conservation planning activities.
Materials developed for the support of Toolkit, conservation planning, wetland determinations, GIS, and Global Positioning System (GPS).
Helpful information from other sources outside of Kansas NRCS.
Teresa Harrington - Kansas Toolkit Coordinator (Salina State Office)
Chad Volkman - Kansas GIS Specialist (Salina State Office)
NRCS Home | USDA.gov | Site Map | Civil Rights | FOIA | Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy| Non-Discrimination Statement | Information Quality | USA.gov | Whitehouse.gov |Find your perfect pub...
Dartmouth Arms, Tufnell Park
View:
FancyaPint?'s review...
Set in a quiet back street, for many years the Dartmouth Arms has offered a good medium between the full-on gastro of the Lord Palmerston and the more hardcore boozers of Junction Road. However, a refurbishment in the Summer of 2009 heralded a movement upwards. In came some heavily patterned flock wallpaper and the back room dispensed with the wood panelling in favour of that gastro staple 'battleship grey', now becoming a full-on dining area, only hosting events (such as the book club and quiz night) from Monday to Wednesday. On the drinks front, there is a good selection of bottled cider and three ales on the pumps, but we also overheard a number of locals bemoaning a recent change in the drinks available: indeed we noted that the excellent Aspall's has now vanished. Meanwhile food quality has suffered an unfortunate recent and serious decline; apart from our own poor meal, we saw a number of dishes being returned or only half eaten - prices aren't cheap either. Service is also a mixed bag: on a busy St Patrick's night we saw two members of the team disappear for prolonged periods, or loll about chatting to locals, while one poor lass was being run ragged. We do like it here, but recent changes have meant the overall quality has taken a turn for the worse, which is reflected in the rating decline. It also seems to a be a pub unsure which direction to take and we soon felt an overwhelming urge to toddle off to the nearby Southampton Arms.
User reviews
Visited this pub and want to share your experience?Add your own review...
16 Oct 2014
Eighteen of us arrived unexpectedly to find a very warm, smiley welcome, quick and efficient service of our food and drink orders - a very pleasant experience for a group of seniors. The hearty sandwiches and snacks were hot and tasty, the guest ale and house wine delicious. Thank you Julia and your sidekick for looking after us so very well.
04 Oct 2010
I've just discovered this pub. The pub is a strange mix of old and quirky. Nice proper open fires, really bad wallpaper and friendly Scotsman behind the bar. A really pleasant homely atmosphere.Don't let the drab outside put you off. The wine in nicely chilled and the regulars are lovely. Well worth a visit.
Contact details
35 York Rise, Tufnell Park, London, NW5 1SP
020 7485 3267
Claimed by
FaucetInn
Claimed 11 Feb 2015
Dispute claim
Report member
Claimed 11 Feb 2015
Dispute claim
Report memberThe Globalization of Basketball: Latin America (Part 2)
7/6/06
Belize
Belize is an underdeveloped dreamer of a basketball nation. They may need a miracle, or thirty years of focused hard work to make an impact on the NBA.
Basketball Popularity Ranking: Second to futból.
Current NBA Players: Milt Palacio, Utah Jazz.
Milt Palacio is a Belizean citizen, born in Los Angeles, CA to Belizean parents.
Names you could see picked in the NBA draft in the next 4-5 years: None.
Basketball Culture:
Most North Americans don't even know that Belize is a country. Belize culture shares many similarities with Patrick Ewing's birthplace: Jamaica. A short ethnography would tell you that this tiny underdeveloped country on Central America's Caribbean coast is a laid-back African culture that is famous for its beaches, reggae music, and North American expatriates. But basketball is becoming a stable and important piece of their society, mainly because of exposure to the NBA. Belize may be the only country in the world that includes NBATV as part of the nation-wide basic cable television package. Not even in the States is it as widely distributed. Anyone with a television has access to the NBA year-round. The NBA's embrace of African American culture through hip-hop has made it even more popular among Belizean youths.
The NBA is so popular in fact, that when spending some time with the semi-professional team in Orange Walk, just north of Belize City, the players nicknamed me Scalabrini -after the Boston Celtics forward - because of my red hair and home city. Upon hearing this nickname, I was shocked - almost to the point of being disturbed - at how knowledgeable these players were of NBA personnel. The fact that these players even knew of such an unused role-player like Brian Scalabrini was impressive since he is far from a household name, even in the U.S. I could only imagine the kinds of other obscure basketball references the Belizeans would be able to pick up on. But this was just another reminder that the reach of the game extends far beyond the first world and will continue to show up in unexpected ways.
The best level of basketball in the country is the semi-professional league, the Belize Basketball Association (BBA). Players are athletic and play a fast paced open-court style. But because of lack of basic basketball education and limited infrastructure, Belizeans play with a YMCA-style misdirection that is frustrating to watch. The coaches run drills that seem to have been created the day before, and the players execute them with the conviction of a high school varsity squad in September. Players are not accustomed to the ideas of team defense at any age level, and many other basic basketball fundamentals are simply non-existent.
When I first arrived on the courts in Belize, it seemed that I was looking into the past, seeing the development of basketball from its beginnings. At first glance, wasn't this what a more established basketball country like Brazil might have looked like 30 years ago, at least in terms of talent development and league organization? I soon realized that because of its size and economic climate, such a comparison for Belize was somewhat romanticized. Yet the prospect of seeing a historical depiction of international basketball in modern times has remained within me, feeding my passion for exploration as if I were an archeologist. Belize is as good an example of this as any country in the world.
The BBA is a league that is struggling simply to stay active. The 2005 BBA season was cancelled due to economic reasons, and in the last year the league underwent a massive reconstruction involving several franchises changing hands. During this time, politicians oversaw the construction of new stadiums hoping for a leg-up in up-coming elections. Often times, success of the basketball infrastructure is dependent upon political agendas. But for the first time in history, the 6-team league was able to get fully organized by holding a player draft with a lottery system in 2006. Each franchise now has a USD$15,000 salary cap, with suggested pay rates of USD$ 25-125 per player per game, based on the draft position of the player. This is a great advance for Belizean basketball, but they are still light years away from producing players for the NBA.
Belize is a country that dreams of making a global impact on the basketball court. Players look up to NBA all-stars. Coaches and league administrators look up to the success of other Latin American countries. Yet at this point Belize can only dream of being a great basketball country. However, due to the countrywide infatuation with the sport and the athleticism of the Belizean players, don't be surprised to see Belize pop up on the basketball radar of NBA scouts over the next 10 - 15 years.
Colombia
Despite a relative lack of interest in the sport, Colombia is a country of future promise on the court.
Basketball Popularity Ranking: Third to futból and Cycling
Current NBA Players: None.
Names you could see picked in the NBA draft in the next 4-5 years: Freddy Asprílla, 6'8" PF 1988; Juan Palacios, 6'8" SF/PF Louisville 1985.
Colombian Prospect Freddy Asprilla, of Calusa Prep. in Miami, Florida.
Basketball Culture:
Colombia is an up-and-coming basketball country. Talent-wise, they are part of the lesser-known second tier of basketball countries in Latin America that includes Mexico, Panama, Venezuela and Chile, among others. They strive to be as developed as Puerto Rico, the Dominican Republic, Brazil and Argentina, but they simply don't have a long history of established basketball programs. Like Belize, there are many athletic players in this country, and the style of play is fluid with an emphasis on up-tempo play.
Interestingly, gender issues influence Colombian basketball culture. Because of Colombia's socially progressive culture, women have many options for sports (even including rugby) and have predominantly chosen basketball. Colombia takes pride in their highly developed women's basketball leagues that are used to preparing players for top competition. Colombia has produced two WNBA draft picks, Lebys Torres, a 6'5" center who was picked with the 37th pick in the 2001 WNBA draft, and PG Erica Valek, the heart and soul of the Colombian National team who is currently playing professionally in Turkey Furthermore, 16 year old Tatiana Mosquera, another member of the adult National Team, is one of the most actively recruited basketball prospects on the continent.
Colombia is only recently coming onto the scene an producing high caliber players. Their prized prospect, Freddy Asprilla, is currently playing at Calusa Prep. High School in Miami, Florida. As a true power forward, Asprilla is thought of to have a much more polished game - with the athleticism to match - when compared to countryman and potential 2006 2nd round draftee Juan Palacios who has had a successful career thus far at the University of Louisville under Rick Pitino. Though the country's player representatives are eager to show the worth of their talent, beyond Asprilla there is not a whole lot to get excited about if you're looking for the next NBA superstar.
Uruguay
Uruguay is an experienced basketball country in a stagnant developmental stage, and does not seem to be growing nearly as rapidly as their Latin American neighbors.
Basketball Popularity Ranking: Second to futból, however there are not many other national sports.
Current NBA Players: Esteban Batista, Atlanta Hawks.
Names you could see picked in the NBA draft in the next 4-5 years: Jason Granger 6'2" PG 1989; Gustavo "Panchi" Barrera 6'3" PG 1985.
Basketball Culture:
While in Montevideo, I attended several practices for the Uruguay under 18 National Team selections to see the future of Uruguayan basketball at its best. When I players arrived on the court mixing Yerba Mate tea to sip on the sidelines before warming up, I thought to myself how seamlessly basketball culture appears to be woven into the fabric of Uruguayan everyday life. Yet, ashamedly so, I couldn't help wonder if the seriousness of a players' approach to the game is possibly affected by cultural nuances like this one. All I knew for sure was that I found myself unimpressed with the product on the court.
One might think Uruguay would have a similar basketball culture to Brazil and Argentina due to its close proximity to those countries and because of a shared European lifestyle, but that is not the case. Uruguay is losing ground to basketball powerhouse neighbors Brazil and Argentina, yet it is far from a new sport. Uruguay's National Basketball Federation began back in 1915, and the country has been on the global basketball map since the 1930 Olympics when they won the bronze medal. But recently, Uruguay has been somewhat washed-up in terms of producing on the court. Young players can look to Esteban Batista, backup center for the Atlanta Hawks as a role model on the court. But the fact that Batista didn't even start playing basketball until he was 17 years old is just one sign that basketball is not a societal priority in Uruguay.
Watching the Under 18 National Team play, it was clear that lack of athleticism and natural basketball instincts among Uruguayan players is what separates them from those in the first tier of Latin American basketball cultures. Yet long time Italian coach and repeatedly published basketball author Mario DeSisti - who was hired recently to bring coaching expertise to Uruguay's National teams - expressed the need for better coaching. "The fundamentals of shooting mechanics, team defense, and movement without the ball are new ideas for these players," he told me in a tired voice during one practice session. "They're doing alright," he said with a facial expression that belied his desires to be teaching more advanced aspects of the game.
Mario has forty years of coaching experience around the world. His hands-on contributions to legitimize the basketball played on the international stage are noteworthy. Yet the moment I entered the basketball scene in Uruguay it became apparent to me what Mario De Sisti may have known for a long time: despite their long history playing the sport as well as Batista's presence in the NBA, Uruguay will not be making a global impact any time soon.
Argentina
Argentina set the mold for Latino Basketball with supreme intelligence and mastery of the game using their own unique interpretation of how the game should be played.
Basketball Popularity Ranking: Second to futból.
Current NBA Players: Emanuel "Manu" Ginobili, San Antonio Spurs; Andres Nocioni, Chicago Bulls; Carlos Delfíno, Detroit Pistons; Fabricio Oberto, San Antonio Spurs.
Names you could see picked in the NBA draft in the next 4-5 years: Luis Scola, 6'9" PF 1980; Matias Sandes, 6-8 SF 1984; Matias Nocedal, 6´2" PG 1990; Leonardo Mainoldi, 6'9" PF 1985; Diego Brezzo, 6'9" PF 1984.
Basketball Culture:
In a country with a competitive sports atmosphere comparable to the United States, it's a wonder that so many children choose to play basketball with all the other sports at their disposal. Most of this has to do with the success of Manu Ginobili, who many South Americans consider the Argentinean Michael Jordan, and have elevated him to rock-star status. While his ability is certainly not at the same level, the search is on for the next Manu. There is a lot of exceptional talent in this country, but Manu's athleticism is an outlier compared to the typical Argentinean basketball player.
If anyone embodies the stereotype of the Argentinean basketball player, it is former Temple University point guard (the first Argentinean in the NBA) Juan "Pepe" Sanchez. Composed and intelligent, Pepe knows he's not the most athletic player on the floor but he uses positioning to separate himself from the competition, literally and figuratively. Pepe is an idol to the average Argentinean because he used his mind to reach the NBA. This stereotype of the Argentinean athlete is replicated throughout Argentina's A-league, the top level of basketball competition in Buenos Aires. Interestingly, if you take a peak at an Argentinean futból match, you will notice that the same style of play that has made Pepe Sanchez successful on the basketball court is also what makes Argentineans successful on the futból field. When faced with the realities of one's athletic limitations, a good athlete will use anything to gain advantage in the throws of competition. Unfortunately, this has created an abnormally high frequency of body contact and a surprising and unique phenomenon on the court that is tarnishing the game in Argentina.
Argentineans play basketball like they play futból, literally. They have turned basketball into an art form, simultaneously playing the ball while fighting with the opposing player for position. It is astounding how they can keep their concentration on playing each sport (basketball or futból) with all the intentional grabbing, pushing, and general use of the other players balance and positioning to their advantage. Anytime there is contact, the offensive player and his defender are both using sly, underhanded techniques to get the referee to make the call in their favor. Essentially, both players are fouling each other in every situation, ensuring that if their initial authentic performance doesn't get the job done on the court they are at least baiting the referee. Thus each referee decision is an extremely difficult one to call, which wouldn't be such a problem if it didn't change the game so dramatically by turning it into a contact sport. The result can be excruciatingly frustrating to watch, due also to the fact that the A league referee union of the Liga Nacional de Basquet recently went on strike leaving inexperienced replacement referees to control style of play.
Not surprisingly, this is much more of a problem in Argentina than in other futból-oriented countries like Brazil, where players use their athleticism to gain the competitive edge in basketball. But can you fault Argentinean players for their effort and intelligence? The referees are often forced to make the call based on which player demonstrates the most aggressive strategy on a particular play. Thus yielding to this style of play with a toned-down approach would undoubtedly result in loss. With such intelligent scrappiness is exactly the way a good coach would want them to play.
Argentinean golden boy Manu Ginobili plays with this same approach, but as he is a multiple slam dunk contest winner growing up in Argentina, he has the athleticism to rise above a reliance on these physical shenanigans to separate himself from the competition. Ginobili is exceptional at making and taking contact, using crafty body control techniques while maintaining his balance to finish at the rim. There are others that defy this stereotype as well, for example Matias Nocedal, a guard who is looking like a sure NBA prospect at only 16 years old, uses tremendous quickness and athleticism to gain the competitive edge.
Yet there are many other Argentinean players who must be as aggressive and scrappy in as much of a futbol oriented way as possible to make up for lack of natural athleticism. Looking at how Argentina is revered by their neighbors because of the impact their players are making in the NBA, there doesn't seem to be a reason for Argentinean basketball to change its unique style of play. Argentina will continue to be a Latin American leader on the international basketball stage, proud of having set the mold for exceptional coaching and well-established system for talent development.
16 year old Argentinean prospect Matias Nocedal in Castelar, Buenos Aires.
Brazil
Basketball Popularity Ranking: Third behind volleyball and futból.
Current NBA Players: Nené (formerly Maybyner Helario), Denver Nuggets; Leandro Barbosa, Phoenix Suns; Anderson Varejáo, Cleveland Cavaliers, Rafael Araujo, Utah Jazz, Marcus "Marquinhos" Viera Vinicius , New Orleans Hornets
Names you could see picked in the NBA draft in the next 4-5 years: Tiago Splitter, 6'11" PF/C 1985; ); Marcus Toledo 6'8" SF/PF 1986; Eric Soares, 6'9" SF 1986; ; Vitor Tatsch, 7'0" PF 1988; Paulao Prestes, 6'10" C '88; Tiago Negrizolli, 6'10" SF/PF 1988; Caio Torres, 6'11" C 1987; Jhonatan Luz Dos Santos, 6'5" SG 1987; Thyago Aleo 6'1" PG 1989.
Basketball Culture:
All of Brazil was shocked when Rafael Araujo was picked 8th by the Toronto Raptors in the 2004 NBA draft. This might not seem strange at first, since the rest of the basketball world was also scratching their heads, but wouldn't you think he'd be more highly thought of in his home country? Brazilians thought he was a solid player, but not that good, especially since his big, hulking composite represents the antithesis of the prototypical Brazilian athlete.
Brazil seems to be a country of natural born athletes, a society that loves sports and plays them all with the utmost agility. This is the country that is perennially the best at the number one sport on the globe: futból. They are a people known for capoera, the martial art that focuses on core strength, balancing on your feet in awkward positions, and on your hands when necessary. Sports are as much a part of beach culture here as sunbathing is. You are sure to come upon locals playing volleyball in the sand, yet it wouldn't be rare if you saw them playing without their hands, amazingly using only their feet to kick the ball over the net to the opposing team.
In Rio de Janeiro you will find beach basketball courts laid on top of the sand, and mobile courts on wheels that are driven onto the beach. Brazil has adopted basketball as a rapidly growing subculture. Within Latin America, the professional street ball league And1 has expanded into Argentina, Chile, and Brazil, but is the best fit for Brazil's street culture. In a culture famous for its gaudy carnival parades, street basketball fits right in. There are several thriving amateur street ball leagues for both men and women with one-on-one, two-on-two, three-on-three and four-on-four tournaments played in Sao Paulo ever year. The loose style of play, where traveling is allowed, is organized similarly to the traditional And1 model, but the baskets are sometimes set lower than 10ft for more impressive trick dunks. (For more information on street basketball in Brazil, visit,,, or). These leagues are connected directly with hop-hop and underground art culture, where you can find the b-boy, Graffiti, DJ, and break dancing culture of the 1980s reproduced in its international contemporary form. While much of basketball culture in the United States has been adopted here in Brazil, it has taken on its own flavor influenced by national identity and street culture. One of Brazil's Indoor Streetball leagues, "SEBAR".
In a country with a first world infrastructure and attitude, especially in the expansive and modern urban centers, basketball culture is thriving. The youth basketball leagues use the same structural system today, as was in place when they started in the 1950s, although they were actually more popular back then than they are now. Yet basketball was first introduced to Brazil as a sport for women, since futból was supposedly a game for men. This caused many men to shy away from playing. Basketball was further stifled in the 1980s when the Brazilian volleyball team began winning Olympics medals consistently. Volleyball blew up to become immensely popular and solidified itself as the second most popular sport in the country behind futból. Despite the efforts of the courageous and enigmatic Oscar Schmidt, leader of Brazilian National teams in 5 Olympic games, the sport struggled for attention. Yet the popularity of And1 and the recent success of NBA players Nené and Leandro Barbosa are spawning a snowball-like resurgence of the sport in Brazil.
The competition in the Brazilian Basketball Confederation and the Federation of Basketball of Sao Paulo is somewhere around U.S. Division 1, NIAA, or NIT basketball. There are modern gymnasiums, solid coaching for youths and adults, and there are lots of potential NBA prospects around the country. Brazil's rivalry with Argentina is well documented, and while many in both countries agree that Argentina currently has better coaching, several Argentinean scouting contacts revealed to me that Brazil has more talent.
Brazil has the quintessential make-up of a great basketball country because
they possess modern infrastructure, and superior athletes. The fact that Brazil
is by far the biggest country in Latin America and takes up half the size of
the South American continent makes it fairly easy to understand why the country
is producing the most talent in Latin America. Yet Brazilian basketball has
not yet reached its potential and is developing coaching and player development
personnel. Brazil has loads of promising young players and needs to take its
talent more seriously if it wants the rest of the world to do the same. It is
not easy to make an impact in the NBA for any South American country, yet over
the next 5-10 years as the coaching in country improves, look for Brazil to
be a major player in the NBA draft.
Part 1
Part 3
this is the best
Recentely I have got a iPad Converter, ipad Converter
Wmv to ipad
Mkv to ipad
Dvd to ipad converter
avi to ipad
Mpeg to ipadHi Walter, MobileMedia meets half of your requirements. Good luck with your search! Best regards, Eduardo. On 25 August 2010 20:40, Walter Cazzola <cazzola at disi.unige.it> wrote: > Dear all, > for an experiment we are looking for aspect-oriented (better if written > in aspectj) software with the following characteristics: > > - source available > - different versions available > - bug list available and stranding the versions > - (desirable but not necessary) a test suite > > as you can imagine it is really difficult to find AO SW with this > characteristics so after a long googling I decided to ask you a little > help in the quest. Maybe you know some tool with such characteristics or > you are developing it but not releasing the source code freely but you > are available to let us experiment on it, and so on. > > Any help is really appreciated. > > Best Regards > Walter > > -- > Walter Cazzola, PhD - Assistant > _______________________________________________ > discuss mailing list - discuss at aosd.net > > To unsubscribe and change options, go to: > > > Check out the AOSD.net Wiki: > > -- Eduardo Figueiredo (PhD) - Lecturer Federal University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>LGBT Life in Mongolia| February 13th, 2013 | Comments Off on LGBT Life in Mongolia
Mongolia: Tales of a Dusty City, Friendly Nomads and a Few LGBT Natives by Maggie Young Last summer (2012), we (Katie Cook and Maggie Young), photo right, went on a year-long journey to discover the range of LGBT experiences of people we meet around the world. Along the way, we are seeking out, meeting with, and interviewing LGBT folks. In addition to adding to our own (admittedly limited) insight and education, we have been creating audio segments for the radio station, This Way Out, as well as collecting hundreds of hours of film footage for a future documentary about global LGBT issues. We call ourselves the Sapphic Nomads. Our journey took us to Mongolia, a small hilly, desert-y country in Central Asia with a population of only 2.8 million, sandwiched between China and Russia. We arrived to this beautiful and somewhat incongruous country via the Mongolian Express, whichSee the Full Version HereLearn something new every day
More Info... by email
Countercurrent exchange is a highly efficient, naturally occurring phenomenon of thermal or chemical transfer between fluid bodies. This process takes place through a conductive surface in the case of heat or a partially permeable membrane in the case of chemical exchange. In countercurrent exchanges, the donor and recipient fluid always flow in opposite directions, a characteristic that lends the process both its efficiency and its name. Countercurrent exchange is found in many biological systems such as mammalian kidneys, bird lungs, and fish gills and is a commonly used industrial chemical and thermal transfer system. A similar system is the concurrent exchange process which is less effective and features transfers between fluids flowing in the same direction.
The exchange of thermal energy or suspended substances between flowing fluids is a common phenomenon both in nature and industry. These current flow exchanges can be divided into two groups: concurrent and countercurrent. Both involve exchanging heat or suspended chemicals between fluids flowing in adjacent vessels either via conductive surfaces or semi-permeable membranes, respectively. As the fluids flow across their shared areas, heat and chemicals naturally flow from high to low concentration areas until equilibrium is reached. It is this characteristic of elemental transfer that makes the countercurrent exchange method the more effective of the two.
The process of oxygen transfer in the gills of a fish is a good example of the benefits of countercurrent exchange. As oxygen poor blood meets an opposed flow of oxygen rich water, the oxygen begins to diffuse out of the water and into the blood stream. This causes the concentration of oxygen in the water to drop and that in the blood to rise. Due to the fact that the flow directions are opposed, the blood will always be flowing over water with a higher concentration of oxygen and the exchange will continue until the flows diverge. In concurrent flows, however, the two fluids flow in the same direction and the relationship between concentrations quickly reaches equilibrium, thereby effectively stopping the exchange.
This means that unlike the concurrent variant, countercurrent exchange systems continue to transfer the relevant element over the full exchange area for greater efficiency. This efficiency usually allows transfer values of 100% with the recipient flow exiting the system with the same concentration of heat or chemicals as that of the donor flow. The same cannot be said of concurrent exchanges, however, with average transfer values running in the region of 50%. This makes the countercurrent exchange method appropriate for industrial processes such as regenerative heat exchange and biological transfer methods including renal and pulmonary functions.
One of our editors will review your suggestion and make changes if warranted. Note that depending on the number of suggestions we receive, this can take anywhere from a few hours to a few days. Thank you for helping to improve wiseGEEK!Social networking through Facebook: Are we asking for friends or foes?
Mccarthy, R 2011, 'Social networking through Facebook: Are we asking for friends or foes?' , British Journal of Midwifery, 19 (7) , pp. 452-453.
Official URL:
Abstract
Despite several papers cautioning midwives about their personal and professional use of social networking sites (Bacon and Lee, 2010; Stewart, 2010; Wray, 2010), supervisors of midwives are frequently encountering issues which stem from such sites and incur breaches of the Code (Nursing and Midwifery Council, 2008). Midwives need to be familiar with the Code and equally knowledgeable about the ways in which social networking sites can render them susceptible to breaches of it.
Actions (login required)
Statistics
Downloads
Downloads per month over past yearFeature
Humans wonder, anybody home?
Brain structure and circuitry offer clues to consciousness in nonmammals
One afternoon while participating in studies in a University of Oxford lab, Abel snatched a hook away from Betty, leaving her without a tool to complete a task. Spying a piece of straight wire nearby, she picked it up, bent one end into a hook and used it to finish the job. Nothing about this story was remarkable, except for the fact that Betty was a New Caledonian crow.This cheerful table lamp design features a base made of ceramic stacked circle and disc shapes with a sunny saffron.* Jobless claims rise less than expected; Philly Fed jumps
* Google, IBM shares fall a day after posting earnings
* Morgan Stanley rallies after results
* Dow up 0.04 pct; S&P 500 up 0.2 pct; Nasdaq up 0.4 pct (Updates to early afternoon; adds UnitedHealth and Baker Hughes)
NEW YORK, April 17 (Reuters) - U.S. stocks advanced slightly in choppy trading on Thursday after three days of gains, as underwhelming results from tech bellwethers Google and IBM were offset by upbeat quarterly numbers, including those from Morgan Stanley and General Electric..
The combined reported and expected earnings-per-share growth estimate for S&P 500 components rose to 1.7 percent from Wednesday's 0.6 percent, Thomson Reuters data showed, indicating most companies that reported results in the past 24 hours exceeded expectations.
The technology sector capped the S&P 500's gain, with Google shares down 3.2 percent at $545.81 and IBM off 3.2 percent at $190.28 after both reported earnings late Wednesday that failed to impress Wall Street. Their results raised questions about those of other tech-sector companies.
"The market is digesting the sharp move we've seen this week and doing its best to ignore the results from IBM and Google, which didn't look great," said Steve Sosnick, equity risk manager at Timber Hill/Interactive Brokers Group in Greenwich, Connecticut.
"I'm mostly focused on bank earnings, which have been OK for the most part, and there haven't been many outliers, which is a good thing."
He said moves should be taken with a grain of salt as many trading desks are short-handed ahead of the long weekend. U.S. markets will be closed for Good Friday.
Shares of Morgan Stanley, rose 3.6 percent to $30.97 after the financial services company reported a rise in first-quarter earnings, while Goldman Sachs edged up 0.4 percent to $157.91 after the bank reported an 11 percent drop in profits but beat expectations.
UnitedHealth Group shares fell 3.2 percent to $75.70 after the largest U.S. health insurer said it has spent more than $100 million to cover a pricey new hepatitis C drug from Gilead Sciences, a higher cost than it expected by "multiples." Shares in the health insurance sector fell on the news, with WellPoint down 3.4 percent at $92.45. Questions from U.S. lawmakers on the cost of that drug prompted a sharp selloff in Gilead in mid-March that lasted for nearly a month.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 6.84 points or 0.04 percent, to 16,431.69. The S&P 500 gained 4.05 points or 0.22 percent, to 1,866.36. The Nasdaq Composite added 15.908 points or 0.39 percent, to 4,102.133.
If the indexes hold their gains, the Dow and the S&P 500 will post their largest weekly advance this year.
General Electric posted a 12 percent rise in overall industrial profits and its shares gained 2.1 percent to $26.67.
Shares of China's Weibo Corp opened slightly below the $17 pricing of its initial public offering, which was at the lower end of expectations on concerns about the microblogging service's slowing user growth. The stock, however, turned sharply higher and shot up 18.7 percent to $20.18 in afternoon trading.
Western Union shares fell 3.8 percent to $15.44 after Wal-Mart Stores said it was launching a domestic money transfer service in partnership with Euronet Worldwide subsidiary Ria Money Transfer.
Shares of MoneyGram International, which currently provides money transfer services for Wal-Mart, plunged 15.3 percent to $15.23. Euronet shares rose 5.5 percent to $43.04. Wal-Mart's stock gained 0.6 percent to $77.71.
Baker Hughes shares hit their highest since August 2011 after the world's third-largest oilfield services company posted better-than-expected results as revenue in its core North American business rose nearly 7 percent. The stock climbed 4.2 percent to $69.08 after earlier rising as high as $69.78. (Additional reporting by Ryan Vlastelica; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Meredith Mazzilli and Jan Paschal)October 25, 2007
Nate Bauer
BlueWhiteIllustrated.com
For Penn State fans who haven't heard yet, No. 1-ranked Ohio State is coming to Happy Valley this weekend to play the Nittany Lions.Sort of a big deal.Well, it is to the fans anyway. Of course Penn State players realize this is a big game with huge implications for the rest of the season. But, as Nittany Lions' junior linebacker Sean Lee put it, regardless of the Buckeyes' ranking, this game is going to be a tough one."I think we look at it as, 'It's Ohio State.' It doesn't matter if they're No. 1 or not ranked, we're going to have to be ready to play a great program like that," he said. "We're going to have a great, uptempo pace at practice every day, and we're going to have to be focused, learn our schemes and be ready to play."With this year's college football season featuing more upsets than most fans can keep track of, this game is a chance for the underdog to once again prove itself.Although, maintaining his stance that rankings aren't important, Lee said that solid play wins games and poor play will lose them. How the Lions' play on Saturday will determine the final outcome, not the Buckeyes' ranking. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inPlease enter your username and password here:Forgot Password?
By ExpatBriefing.com Editorial
18 June, 2014
The British Consulate in Hong Kong has said that the Hong Kong Government has objected to same-sex marriages taking place on consular premises. The announcement comes after a new British law empowering consulates to marry British nationals in jurisdictions where same-sex marriage is not available, so long as local authorities give permission.
The Consular Marriage and Marriages under Foreign Law Order 2014 came into force on June 3, 2014, and permission has been granted by China, as well as. Under the law, only one of the partners has to be a British national.
The British Consul-General in Hong, Caroline Wilson, told the media through Twitter that she would be making further inquiries.
In March, a gay-rights advocacy group was created, called Double Happiness, to push for consulates to provide same-sex marriage services and for their recognition by the Hong Kong authorities. One of the founding couples, a French woman named Betty Grisoni and a Singoporean named Abbey Lee, were previously refused a marriage service at the French consulate in Hong Kong after same-sex marriage was approved in France.
Tags: Russia | Chile | Hungary | Nicaragua | Law | Australia | China | Colombia | Estonia | Latvia | Mongolia | Philippines | Serbia | United Kingdom | Montenegro | Azerbaijan | Bolivia | Cambodia | Costa Rica | Dominica | Dominican Republic | Hong Kong | Peru | Japan | San Marino | Vietnam | Expat Services | Expats | Welfare | Lifestyle |.-  … 
The whole business enterprise of women’s professional soccer is an enigma. It is hard to figure out why the soccer braintrust with MLS has not already put a women’s league together. It would seem that a women’s league would be … Editor's Picks(1-4 of 12)
Importance of newspapers
Newspapers have become an essential part of modern life. The modern man starts his day by reading over the news with a cup of tea. Equally unimaginable is a morning without the daily newspaper for some people. It is because newspapers are seen everywhere in the world. They are printed and published in each and every language known to man all over the world. Newspapers are called ‘the mirrors of the world’. They reflect and report the trends and happening from all parts of the world. Usually, they cover every aspects of life- national, international, local, social, political, cultural etc. They design in a complete picture of our day-to-day life. This is why from the all powerful presidents, prime ministers and CEOs to the unemployed youth and job seekers, all begin their day by reading the dailies.
Newspapers are the guardians of democracy. They keep the general peoples well-informed to the world about the goings on. Well-informed public is essential for the success of a democracy. People have to be made aware of all the important happenings. Newspapers perform the duty of making people aware of everything. They form the public opinion and turn the people for or against the moves of the rulers. This is why even the most fears one dictator is afraid of the press. They picture every aspect including jokes, matrimonial, huddles, scientific facts, and cinemas etc.
Besides, newspapers also add to the knowledge of the readers by informing them about the new discoveries, inventions and products. The magazine selections of newspapers provide a colorful bouquet of information and entertainment.
The advertisement published in the newspapers also serves a great purpose. Matrimonial advertisements help people to find suitable life partners. Newspapers also help people to buy and sell property.
Newspapers help the job seekers to find suitable jobs through the ‘wanted’ columns. Advertisements help a great deal boosting up sales of the consume products and others. Newspaper also helps people in investing the money wisely in the stock-market. Catering to every taste and every need, newspapers present the whole world. Totally they play a vital role in life and part of human beings.
[IMG][/IMG]This museum is a private initiative of a woman who works with birch bark. The museum is quite small and gives you some basic understanding of traditional 'indistries' of the... read more
What is Certificate of Excellence?
TripAdvisor awards a Certificate of Excellence to accommodations, attractions and restaurants that consistently earn great reviews from travelers.Drawing.
On Thursday, the Turlock Planning Commission held an informal workshop reviewing several proposals from City staff on sign development standards that would put new limits on the maximum number of signs permitted, the maximum area, and overall sign height for buildings within city limits. The proposed standards, which are currently only drafts for discussion purposes, would vary on the type of use, whether residential, institutional, commercial and industrial, in addition to a building’s size.
For example, day care centers operating out of a home would be permitted one sign per lot with a maximum area of one square foot and height of 6 feet, while an apartment complex with over 30 units would be allowed two wall signs with a maximum area of 30 square feet and height of 20 feet, or the height of the outer wall.
While many of the proposed changes are not drastically different from the City’s current sign ordinance, Planning Director Debbie Whitmore says that City staff is simply trying to mirror the standard sign programs that are in place throughout multiple shopping centers and plazas as a citywide standard for future development.
“We’re really trying to create a standard for things such as the type of lettering, how many signs are allowed for one business, and the overall area of the signs,” said Whitmore. “Right now we’re just having informal discussions focusing on the structure of basic sign standards and design guidelines.”
Although much of Thursday’s workshop focused on such basic standards, Commissioner Mike Brem brought up the question that had sparked controversy during previous meetings related to amending the City’s sign ordinance: Will the City of Turlock continue to allow human signs, such as sign spinning?
“This commission has made it clear that they would like to see an amendment to the City’s sign ordinance that wouldn’t allow advertising techniques such as human sign spinners in the public right of way,” said Whitmore. “We currently haven’t taken any action on this, as we’re first trying to get the basic structure down. After which point, we’d need to continue seeking input from the public on whether or not commercial sign spinning is something that should be allowed in public space.”
The debate on human billboards and sign spinners is not specific to Turlock, as many cities around the nation have either banned or strictly regulated sign-twirling and similar advertising techniques due to public safety concerns. In Huntington Beach, City Council members upheld a ban on sign spinners even after planning commissioners had supported allowing the popular trend, due to safety concerns and aesthetic reasons. One Huntington Beach councilmember had deemed the act as “obnoxious” and a “form of visual blight” — an opinion very similar to that of several Turlock planning commissioners.
While some consider sign spinning to be a visual nuisance, others see it as a necessary form of advertising, particularly for small business owners in tucked-away locations that cannot be seen from main roads. Throughout early discussions on the matter, a number of local business owners addressed the planning commission during public meetings, voicing their concerns about prohibiting the form of advertising. As the issue continues to be addressed over the coming months, Whitmore says she expects, and hopes for, the same type of input from citizens and the local business community.
Although City staff has used the City of Rancho Cucamonga’s sign ordinance as a model for many of their proposed amendments, Whitmore says it has yet to be determined whether or not Turlock will carry over Rancho Cucamonga’s ban on human billboards and sign twirlers.
“The stage we’re in right now is to hold workshops that are very informal so that we can discuss the drafts we’ve put forward,” said Whitmore. “Although the commission has asked us to look into that type of ban, there’s still quite a way to go until we can establish a set of amendments that could be voted on, as we need to seek more input from the public.”
Contents of this site are © Copyright 2014 The Turlock Journal, CA. All rights reserved.A TSA arm patch is seen at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) on February 20, 2014 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by David McNew/Getty Images)
Published every weekday, the Switchboard highlights five tech policy stories you need to read.
Enhanced security measures at certain airports overseas In a press release, the Transportation Security Administration said that it will no longer allow U.S.-bound passengers to board flights at certain overseas airports with uncharged electronic devices. "During the security examination, officers may also ask that owners power up some devices, including cell phones. Powerless devices will not be permitted onboard the aircraft. The traveler may also undergo additional screening," the agency's release said.'s Barton Gellman, Julie Tate and Ashkan Soltani. "Nine of 10 account holders found in a large cache of intercepted conversations, which former NSA contractor Edward Snowden provided in full to The Post, were not the intended surveillance targets but were caught in a net the agency had cast for somebody else."
YouTube, following Netflix, is now publicly shaming Internet providers for slow video Quartz's Zachary M. Seward and Herman Wong report that Google has started calling out Internet service providers for slow loading on video by showing some users a message that reads "Experiencing interruptions?" "Clicking 'find out why' brings you to Google’s new website where it displays video playback quality for internet service providers (ISPs) in various countries. It’s like a report card for your delinquent ISP," the report said. "Small businesses are the usual targets."," reports Wired's Kevin Poulson. "
Google reverses decision to delete British newspaper links "Google Inc on Thursday reversed its decision to remove several links to stories in Britain's Guardian newspaper, underscoring the difficulty the search engine is having implementing Europe's 'right to be forgotten' ruling," Reuters' Alexei Oreskovic and Aurindom Mukherjee reported. "The Guardian protested the removal of its stories describing how a soccer referee lied about reversing a penalty decision. It was unclear who asked Google to remove the stories."Bank risk managers from all over the world will head to Christ’s College Cambridge on September 23, 2014 for the start of the Risk Week Cambridge seminar series.
Now in its second year, Risk Week Cambridge will embrace a wide range of presentations delivered by leading chief risk officers, quantitative analysts, regulators and academics. Attendees will learn the latest techniques and practices in the fields of risk modelling, derivatives pricing, regulation and technology.
Risk, the world’s leading industry publication for the risk management profession, created the seminar to provide a forum for risk managers to exchange experiences, network with their peers and focus on the most important challenges they face in their work.
The seminar schedule has been finalised, with chief risk officers from Natixis, Santander UK, ABN Amro, Ulster Bank and the European Investment Fund confirmed to open the event through presentations on high-level issues facing the profession.
Participants will then break out into smaller groups for technical presentations and discussions in the fields of market, counterparty and operational risk management. These presentations will be delivered by senior risk managers, quantitative analysts, regulators and academics.
“This seminar series has become established as a ‘must attend’ for senior bank risk managers from all over the world. The high-quality programme and speakers will allow delegates to compare best practice in fields of expertise and develop a broader network of contacts among peers at other organisations,” says Matthew Crabbe, Managing Director, Risk.
In order to preserve the integrity and credibility of the meeting, all discussions are under Chatham House Rules. Banks attending include BNP Paribas, National Australia Bank, ING Bank, Standard Bank, Santander and Arab Banking Corporation.
Notes to editors
1. Risk, through, provides an online gateway to content covering the international financial risk management sector.
2. Risk was founded in 1987 and acquired by Incisive Media in 2003.
3. For more information, contact [email protected] or visit the website
Topics: Training, Events marketing, Top storyThe OpenSSL Project is warning today about six new weaknesses in the open source implementation of the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption protocol that could be used by attackers to intercept SSL traffic and view encrypted information.
In its first advisory since it repaired the dangerous and widespread Heartbleed vulnerability, the organization said at least one of the software errors could enable criminals to conduct man-in-the-middle attacks to eavesdrop on protected traffic between vulnerable clients and servers.
Both the server and client must be using a vulnerable version of OpenSSL in order for an attack to succeed, according to the advisory. All OpenSSL clients are vulnerable, the organization said. OpenSSL servers are vulnerable in OpenSSL 1.0.1 and 1.0.2-beta1.
[Related: Five Essential Facts About Heartbleed And OpenSSL]
The vulnerability could impact users of Android who use the Chrome browser, which supports OpenSSL, said Ivan Ristic, director of engineering at vulnerability management vendor Qualys. The risk of being attacked is low, Ristic said, because most browsers don't rely on OpenSSL and the attacker would need both the client and server containing the vulnerability. Ristic estimates that roughly 24 percent of servers in Qualys' database are running a vulnerable server.
"On the surface, the fact that the vulnerability requires man-in-the-middle positioning for exploitation is limiting, but as better tools are developed, automation might enable easy mass exploitation on Wi-Fi networks and similar environments," Ristic said in his analysis.
The organization fixed a bug reported in March that could crash OpenSSL TLS clients that enable a protocol used in mobile or wireless environments called ECDH Cipher Suites. Two other errors also were addressed but are not enabled by default and impact uncommon implementations, according to the advisory.
The latest round of repairs from the OpenSSL Project prompted Red Hat, Ubuntu and FreeBSD to issue advisories to users today. The update to Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 is rated "Important" by the software maker's security response team.
The OpenSSL Project gained widespread attention from the public following its advisory in April that repaired the Heartbleed vulnerability. The open source encryption protocol is supported in application servers that enable popular online services. The threat prompted Facebook, Dropbox, Google and others to recommend users change their passwords.
Experts are increasingly focusing on open source initiatives prompted by the global impact of the Heartbleed bug. The dangerous flaw publicly demonstrated how open source code is embedded in millions of widely used commercial and open source products.
Solution providers said attention to software vulnerabilities in widely used products is a serious concern.
Skip Gould, CEO, BrightPlanIT, a Buffalo, N.Y.-based systems integrator, said his firm worked with clients impacted by Heartbleed and found many organizations had to be educated about how to appropriately address the threat. Despite no reported security incidents associated with the flaw, Gould and other IT industry experts told CRN that the risk posed by the flaw was serious and not overblown.
"I'd much rather have these kinds of issues overcommunicated than having people be blindsided by problems," Gould said. "Even if someone is backseat driving, I'd rather know about a serious issue twice or three times than not know at all."
OpenSSL is supported in a variety of software applications, application servers and networking gear, including VPNs and security appliances. As technology vendors raced to issue software updates to vulnerable systems, IT teams were forced to conduct a thorough check for devices that support the vulnerable protocol.
Mandiant, the services arm of FireEye, uncovered a technique that could be used to bypass multifactor authentication on VPN sessions.
The fallout from the single security vulnerability prompted a $3.6 million donation to the Linux Foundation from an initial consortium of technology firms, including Amazon Web Services, Cisco Systems, Dell, Facebook, Fujitsu, Google, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, NetApp, Rackspace and VMware.
The companies each pledged to make a $100,000 payment over the next three years and said the funds would start by bolstering support for those that voluntarily maintain the OpenSSL Project.
The funding was heralded by open source advocates. In previous years, the OpenSSL project had received about $2,000 per year in donations for support.
PUBLISHED JUNE 5, 2014YOUR VOTE0 0
1 ANSWER
How to be more non-negative and more motivated
How should I think more about happy things and less about all the bad crap in my life? I'd also like to know more ways to keep myself motivated and give good motivational advice to my boyfriend. ThanksMonday the BTN revealed that Old 98 Tom Harmon will be the next athlete featured in their Icons series. The Harmon segment will appear on Super Bowl Sunday at a special time: 2:30PM (it will re-air again at 9pm).
Continuing the discussion of items you might not know about Harmon. In the last post I mentioned his high school athletic prowess at Horace Mann high in Gary, Indiana. An interesting question is why he ended up at Michigan. Three factors would suggest that Harmon might consider a different destination during his senior year of 1936-37:
- Harmon had brothers who were athletes at relatively nearby Purdue & another who landed at Tulane.
- Michigan football was in the middle of a horrible stretch, coming off the worst 3-year span in school history from 1934-1936. (And still the worst three year stretch, thanks Brian for having my back.) He was walking into a serious rough patch and head coach Harry Kipke was under fire.
- The powerhouse at the time was jug rival Minnesota, with Bernie Bierman’s Gophers rolling up a string of 3 straight national championships. Nearby Notre Dame and coach Elmer Layden had some decent teams in the mid-1930s as well.
One disclaimer: I’m not a Harmon biographer of course. These thoughts draw upon what I’ve read over the years (which isn’t everything).
The non-cynical view: THIS IS MICHIGAN! Despite the tough stretch U-M was a still a great football power with two national titles in the decade under Kipke. On top of this and perhaps more importantly, Harmon’s high school coach Doug Kerr suited up for the Wolverines in the late 1920s and he seemed to be a strong influence. When it was learned that Harmon was staying in A2 after Tulane-gate*, one of the reasons cited was his relationship with Kerr. Harmon also had thoughts of becoming a broadcaster after college and Michigan offered an top notch education to help make that happen. Remember, back then “going pro” wasn’t an automatic given the choice.
There are a few thoughts, you decide. In the meantime, here’s Harmon the BMOC:
* Yes, I’m dropping a –gate on something three and a half decades before Watergate.
Follow MVictors on TwitterTwo Jesuits with Seattle University ties have been tabbed for significant leadership positions in recent days. Patrick Conroy, S.J., who worked in Campus Ministry during the 1990s, has been nominated to be the next chaplain of the U.S. House of Representatives, while Philip L. Boroughs, S.J., who served as rector and taught at SU, was named president of the College of the Holy Cross.
The news comes at a time when current SU Jesuits are assuming other key national posts. President Stephen Sundborg, S.J., has been chosen as incoming board chair of the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities, as reported in The Commons last week, and Rector Patrick Howell, S.J., was recently named chairmain of the board for Conversations on Jesuit Higher Education, a leading national Jesuit publication.
If Father Conroy’s nomination is confirmed later this month, he will be the first Jesuit and only the second Catholic to serve in that role. Conroy currently teaches theology at Jesuit High School in Portland, Ore. He previously served as a chaplain at Georgetown University for a decade, ending in 2003. He coordinated university retreats during his time at SU.
“We are honored that Father Conroy has agreed to serve as House chaplain,” House Speaker John Boehner said. “His dedication to God’s work, commitment to serving others, and experience working with people of faith from all traditions will make him an asset to the House community. We look forward to having his counsel and guidance in the people’s House.”
“The Capitol Hill community will be blessed with the addition of Father Patrick Conroy to our ranks as House Chaplain,”House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said. “His experience working with young people, tending to the spiritual needs of a variety of communities, and serving for 38 years as a thoughtful and committed Jesuit priest will serve him well in this new role.
“Father Pat Conroy has terrific energy and a great background as a priest in ministry," Father Howell, the rector of the SU Jesuit community. "He was a great asset to our own Seattle U Campus Ministry. He began the Agape Retreat, which continues here to this day.
"He could shake things up a bit with the political establishment if he started playing a rendition of his famous country music on the banjo! Seriously, he’ll provide wonderful spiritual resources for all the Representatives and their staff members."
Among other responsibilities, the chaplain of the House of Representatives opens proceedings with prayer, a tradition dating back to the First Continental Congress, and provides pastoral counseling to the House community.
Boroughs currently serves as vice president for mission and ministry at Georgetown University where he is the only Jesuit in senior administration. He previously served as rector of Seattle University’s Jesuit Community and was a faculty member in the School of Theology and Ministry from 1992 to 2001.
“With his skill, experience, and deep understanding of Jesuit higher education, Fr. Boroughs is the ideal person to lead Holy Cross,” said P. Kevin Condron, chair of the Holy Cross Board of Trustees. “We look forward to welcoming him to our community.”
Both Jesuits are Northwest products, with Conroy having been born in Everett, and Boroughs a native of Seattle.
* All comments are moderated and subject to approval prior to being posted.
Read the policy regarding comments »
Seattle University (add vcard to contacts)(AllHipHop News) It appears Lil Wayne and Mannie Fresh have reconnected for new music. The two Cash Money Records original stars were pictured together in the studio recently. Producer Charles Pettaway shared a photo of Wayne and Mannie via Twitter.
[ALSO READ: Lil Wayne Says He’s Trying To Be More Careful On What He Raps About]
Me, Lil Wayne and Mannie Fresh at the studio. pic.twitter.com/WGuTEuSSoj
— charles pettaway (@cpettaway1) April 25, 2014
There was not an announcement on where the tracks from the session will land, but Wayne is currently working on his next album Tha Carter V. Fresh was instrumental in the creation of Wayne’s earliest work including Tha Block Is Hot, Lights Out, 500 Degreez, and Tha Carter.
[ALSO READ: Mannie Fresh Holding Off On Big Tymers Album With Birdman For “Fact And Figures”]Steven Madden Company Profile (NASDAQ:SHOO) Tweet Analyst RatingsEarningsDividendsInsider TradesCompany ProfileSocial ActivityToday's Chart Consensus Ratings for Steven Madden (NASDAQ:SH: $41.77 (6.64% upside) Current Analysts' Coverage Summary for Steven Madden (NASDAQ:SHOO) Show: All Ratings For This Stock Only the Most Recent Rating From Each Brokerage DateFirmActionRatingPrice TargetActions4/27/2015Citigroup Inc.Reiterated RatingNeutral$37.00 -> $43.00 4/27/2015Telsey Advisory GroupReiterated RatingMarket Perform$38.00 -> $43.00 4/27/2015B. RileyReiterated RatingBuy$48.00 4/26/2015Piper JaffrayReiterated RatingOverweight$46.00 4/26/2015Sterne Agee CRTReiterated RatingBuy$48.00 4/24/2015WunderlichBoost Price TargetBuy$44.00 -> $49.00 4/23/2015Canaccord GenuityReiterated RatingBuy$43.00 -> $50.00 2/25/2015Morgan StanleySet Price TargetHold$35.00 12/23/2014ZacksUpgradeUnderperform -> Neutral$32.50 12/10/2014Goldman SachsDowngradeBuy -> Neutral$36.00 -> $31.00 11/18/2014BB&T Corp.Initiated CoverageHold 8/1/2014WedbushLower Price Target$36.00 -> $34.00 4/10/2014Buckingham ResearchInitiated CoverageBuy$44.00 2/20/2014Brean CapitalBoost Price Target$42.00 -> $46.00 2/18/2014Ned Davis ResearchUpgradeNeutral -> Buy 9/27/2013CL KingDowngradeBuy -> Neutral (Data available from 5/22/2013 forward) Earnings History for Steven Madden (NASDAQ:SHOO)DateQuarterConsensus EstimateActual EPSRevenue EstimateActual RevenueRelease LinkConference CallActions4/24/2015Q115$0.31$0.32$316.40 million$323.90 millionViewListen 2/24/2015Q414$0.35$0.34$340.75 million$342.60 millionViewListen 10/30/2014Q314$0.61$0.62$392.10 million$392.00 millionViewListen 7/31/2014Q214$0.45$0.44$313.50 million$295.70 millionViewListen 5/1/2014Q114$0.36$0.36$295.50 million$304.60 millionViewListen 2/25/2014Q413$0.54$0.53$342.60 million$342.90 millionViewListen 10/31/2013Q313$0.66$0.66$384.50 million$394.00 millionViewListen 8/1/2013Q2 2013$0.64$0.65$307.48 million$297.60 millionViewListen 5/7/2013Q1 2013$0.52$0.52$280.90 million$278.90 millionViewListen 2/26/2013Q4 2012$0.71$0.73$314.38 million$315.50 millionViewListen 11/1/2012Q312$0.89$0.95$353.55 million$356.90 millionViewN/A 7/26/2012$0.62$0.61ViewN/A 5/3/2012$0.50$0.50ViewN/A 2/21/2012$0.54$0.55ViewN/A 11/1/2011$0.68$0.74ViewN/A 8/2/2011$0.51$0.55ViewN/A 5/5/2011$0.59$0.63ViewN/A 2/22/2011$0.55$0.62ViewN/A (Data available from 1/1/2011 forward) Dividend History for Steven Madden (NASDAQ:SHOO)No dividend announcements for this company have been tracked by Analyst Ratings Network Insider Trading History for Steven Madden (NASDAQ:SHOO)Transaction DateInsider NameTitleBuy/SellNumber of SharesAverage Share PriceTotal TransactionActions5/15/2015Thomas H SchwartzDirectorSell5,397$39.01$210,536.97 3/16/2015Edward R RosenfeldCEOSell12,000$36.84$442,080.00 3/12/2015Arvind DhariaCFOSell23,124$37.19$859,981.56 3/3/2015Amelia VarelaEVPSell67,503$35.82$2,417,957.46 2/27/2015Steven MaddenMajor ShareholderSell100,000$36.22$3,622,000.00 11/25/2014Robert SchmertzDirectorSell33,753$34.00$1,147,602.00 11/21/2014Steven MaddenMajor ShareholderSell100,000$33.33$3,333,000.00 11/20/2014Awadhesh K SinhaCOOSell30,000$33.00$990,000.00 9/16/2014Arvind DhariaCFOSell36,025$33.68$1,213,322.00 8/22/2014Peter MiglioriniDirectorSell3,147$34.33$108,036.51 8/6/2014Steven MaddenMajor ShareholderSell100,000$32.55$3,255,000.00 6/12/2014Robert SchmertzDirectorSell15,000$31.52$472,800.00 5/7/2014Steven Maddenmajor shareholderSell100,000$33.65$3,365,000.00 3/18/2014Edward RosenfeldCEOSell23,250$36.55$849,787.50 3/17/2014Robert SchmertzDirectorSell10,000$36.48$364,800.00 2/28/2014Steven Maddenmajor shareholderSell100,000$36.35$3,635,000.00 11/5/2013Arvind DhariaCFOSell13,500$37.25$502,875.00 11/5/2013Steven Maddenmajor shareholderSell100,000$36.95$3,695,000.00 9/5/2013Peter MiglioriniDirectorSell2,250$55.11$123,997.50 8/7/2013Steven Maddenmajor shareholderSell100,000$54.39$5,439,000.00 8/6/2013John MaddenDirectorSell10,937$54.61$597,269.57 5/17/2013Steven MaddenMajor ShareholderSell100,000$47.68$4,768,000.00 5/14/2013Thomas H SchwartzDirectorSell9,000$48.30$434,700.00 5/13/2013Robert SchmertzDirectorSell42,187$48.32$2,038,475.84 (Data available from 1/1/2013 forward) About Steven Madden Steven Madden, Ltd. designs, sources, markets and sells name brand and private label footwear for women, men and children and name brand and private label fashion handbags and accessories and licenses its trademarks for use in connection with the manufacture, marketing and sale of various products of its licensees. The Company operates in five business segments: Wholesale Footwear, Wholesale Accessories, Retail, First Cost and Licensing. Its products are marketed through its retail stores and its e-commerce Websites, as well as department stores, mid-tier department stores, specialty stores, retailers, national chains, mass merchants and catalog retailers throughout the United States and Canada. In addition, it has distribution arrangements for the marketing of its products in Asia, Europe, the Middle East, Mexico, India, South Africa and South and Central America. Its customers include Macy's, DSW, Kohl's, Ross, Nordstrom, Dillard's, Target, Walmart, Payless, Marshall's and TJ Maxx. Headlines: (5/21) Analyst Favorites With Strong Buyback Activity: Steven Madden Ranks As A Top Pick (5/18) Steven Madden Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages (NASDAQ:SHOO) (5/16) Insider Selling: Steven Madden Director Thomas H. Schwartz Sells 5,397 Shares of Stock (SHOO) (5/17) Insider Selling: Thomas H. Schwartz Sells 5,397 Shares of Steven Madden Stock (SHOO) (5/20) Steven Madden : Steve Madden : Announces Participation in the Citi 2015 Global Consumer Conference (5/13) Stock Investors Sell Off Shares of Steven Madden, Down 1.7% (4/24) Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Releases FY15 Earnings Guidance (2/25) Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Issues FY15 Earnings Guidance (10/20) Steven Madden Ltd (SHOO) Cuts Q3 Outlook (5/15) Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Industry, Sector and Symbol: Sector: Consumer Discretionary Industry: Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods Sub-Industry: Footwear Exchange: NASDAQ Symbol: SHOO CUSIP: 55626910 Key Metrics: Previous Close: $39.6950 Day Moving Average: $38.87200 Day Moving Average: $35.26P/E Ratio: 22.53P/E Growth: 2.67Market Cap: $2.32BCurrent Quarter EPS Consensus Estimate: $1.93 EPS Additional Links: View SHOO on Google FinanceView SHOO on Yahoo FinanceView SHOO's Company Profile on ReutersSearch for Steven Madden, Ltd. on Google Steven Madden (NASDAQ:SHOO) Chart for Friday, May, 22, 2015 (Chart Provided by Yahoo Finance)MAGIC
ILLUSIONS
BRAIN TRICKS
EBOOKS
Join our Mailing List
Horoscopes
Advertise with Us
Magic Resources
Sponsors:
Magic Tricks Videos
Magic Tricks Videos
Everyone in this world loves magic as it is entertaining and fun. Magic tricks not only fascinate children but even adults are amused and therefore watch magic tricks shows with great enthusiasm.
The best way to learn basic magic tricks is by getting access to magic trick videos. If you type magic tricks videos on the google search engine, then your search results will show many websites that promise to show what you desire. There are a number of websites that provide free download of these videos. The best part of magic tricks videos is that you actually see magic tricks that are being performed by magician. It is the easiest way to gain knowledge about magic tricks.
There is no need to join any classes where they teach how to do magic tricks and waste money. Performing magic tricks in front of the audience requires great skill and these videos will definitely help you to develop these skills. Nowadays magic videos are also available on CDs and DVDs
So if you are really serious about knowing magic tricks then somehow you should gain access to these videos. By seeing these magic tricks videos:
* you will come to know that there is nothing magical about these tricks.
* You will also understand that it is just an illusion that magicians create and name it as magic.
* Although you may not gain mastery over these tricks by simply watching these videos, you can get to know how these magicians perform these tricks.
In these magic tricks videos:
* you will find magicians explaining how skillfully they execute the magic tricks.
* They will also reveal some secrets of some commonly performed tricks such as card tricks, coin tricks.
So interested to know about some great magic tricks, then magic tricks videos can help you to achieve your objective. Most magic tricks that are shown on the internet are presented in a proper manner so that viewers can understand the magic tricks correctly. Satisfaction is guaranteed when you will watch these videos. So if you are obsessed by magic tricks, then you must log on to these websites. These websites do not ask any money or your email id, you can access them freely. These videos can also give you tips of performing magic tricks which you simply cannot miss.
There are people who ask, does school of magic exists as it has been shown in many Hollywood movies. It is absolutely not required to search for such schools as magic tricks videos are itself like schools of magic. These videos not only give knowledge about magic tricks but also build your desire to put this knowledge into use. So if you want to see some unbelievable magic tricks, then you have no choice but to get hold of CDs that show magic tricks videos.
These videos suggest that the most important part when presenting a magic trick is the patter. A patter is nothing but a script that one must use to engage the spectator while you perform the trick.
Magic Trance Home
|
Magic Tricks
|
Illusions
|
Brain Power
|
Magic Trick Ebooks
~
Recommended Magic Trick Resources
~
Applicable Content Copyright © 2008 Magic TranceBy Hindustan Times
Launched in the year 2000, Kaun Banega Crorepati will wrap up its fifth edition this week, completing more than a decade on the tube. Next year, host Amitabh Bachchan will return in the third consecutive season, KBC 6, probably one of the longest spells a Bollywood actor-host has had on his TV show in India.
The current season opened with approximately 5.4 points, and exkbcperienced its highest rating last week with 8 points. Apart from commoners like Sushil Kumar (Season 5) and Harshwardhan Nawathe (Season 1) who’ve been season’s winners, there have been a slew of Bollywood and TV actors who tried their luck on the hot seat.
Of course, none came for personal gains. Each one donated whatever they won to a charity of their choice… that is if they played for money. Aamir Khan, the first ever celebrity to occupy the hot seat in India on season one, won Rs. 50 lakh. So did others like John Abraham-Bipasha Basu, Madhuri Dixit, and Shah Rukh Khan, who won the same amount on both occasions when he participated.
But the only ones to have won a crore so far are actors Ajay Devgn and Kajol.
As season five draws to a close, check out how did the stars perform on the hot seat across the seasons.
Across past seasons
Aamir Khan in 2000 won 50 Lakh
Shah Rukh Khan in 2000 won 50 Lakh
Sanjay Dutt in 2001 won 50 Lakh
Anil Kapoor in 2001 won 50 Lakh
Madhuri Dixit in 2001 won 50 Lakh
Smriti Irani and Amar Upadhyay in 2001 won 50 Lakh
John Abraham and Bipasha Basu in 2005 won 50 Lakh
Rani Mukerji in 2000 won 25 Lakh
Sakshi Tanwar and Shweta Kawatra in 2001 won 12.5 Lakh
Ajay Devgn and Kajol in 2005 won 1 crore
Smriti Irani and Saakshi Tanwar in 2005 6.4 Lakh
Saakshi Tanwar and Ram Kapoor 25 lakh
Ranbir Kapoor won 12.5 lakh
Shahid Kapoor and Sonam Kapoor won 25 lakh
Vidya Balan won 6.4 lakh
Imran Khan and Katrina Kaif won 12.5 lakh
More Celebrities News. Facebook
Nearest Support: $67.50
Catalyst: Analyst Upgrade >>5 Stocks Ready for Breakouts Shares of $183 billion social network Facebook (FB - Get Report) are up 2.7% on high volume in today's session, boosted by news of an upgrade from analysts at UBS. The upgrade was well-timed; shares of FB were bumping their head on the bank's previous $72 price target. The new target at $90 leaves a lot of upside room in shares right now. And Facebook looks well-positioned to test that. Shares are breaking out to new highs today, the next logical step in this stock's uptrend. stop under support at $67.50.Williamsport, PA, USA < change city >
LOCAL RESOURCES LOCAL VENDORS
Cakes (9)
Caterers (8)
DJs (8)
Bands (8)
Florists (8)
Wedding Day Beauty (5)
Wedding Fashion (4)
Invitations (3)
Limos (2)
Registry (2)
Favors (2)
Jewelry (2)
Officiants (2)
Rentals (1)
Tuxedos (1)
Ceremony Sites (23)
Reception Sites (16)
See All Vendors >
VENDOR SPOTLIGHT
REAL LOCAL WEDDINGS
Sara and Jordan's Wedding
"I never expected my wedding to be this perfect. I know the success of our wedding was due to all of the excellent wo..."
Williamsport Wedding In July
Ceremony at St. Ann's Church
Reception at DiSalvo's
Chelsea and Adam's Wedding
Ceremony at Rooke Chapel
Reception at Genetti Hotel
"Our wedding was absolutely perfect! We love Lewisburg and the Bucknell campus, and lucked out having one of the only ..."
Pam and Paul's Wedding
Ceremony at Church of the Resurrection
Reception at Williamsport Country Club
Melissa and David 's Wedding
Ceremony at The Plotts Farm
"We had a wonderful day! "
Our Wedding
Reception at The Fez
Lewisburg Wedding In July
Ceremony at Rooke Chapel
Reception at Lewisburg HotelHostels in Amlapura, Indonesia
Hostelworld.com brings you online bookings at the best selection of hostels in Amlapura. Read customer reviews of Amlapura hostels, view youth hostels on map of Amlapura and avail of special offers such as free SMS confirmations. And why not check out our pick for the best things to see and do in Amlapura while you're there. Hostelworld.com - the definitive guide to Amlapura backpackers hostels.
- Sort By:
-
- Privates From
- US$22.27
Kubu Carik Bali
- Kuhum, Ababi,, Kec. Abang, Kab. Karangasem, Amlapura
- Currently two bungalows with a drop dead gorgeous view of the Balinese rice fields. A place away from it all at the... More Info
1 Result: Sat 23rd May 2015 - Tue 26th May 2015 » Change SearchManufactured by the Italian industrial giant Innocenti, the Lambretta motor scooter mobilised an entire generation of Italians in the immediate post-war years. The scooter... More
The well established 125cc Lambretta LD 125 was joined by a 150cc bigger brother in October 1954. New features included the chrome silencer, often... More
1960 Lambretta 125 Li. This scooter as been completely restored from the ground up by Scooters Originai in New Jersey. Everything that could be... More
Manufactured by the Italian industrial giant Innocenti, the Lambretta scooter gained instant acceptance in the immediate post-war years, its cleanliness and convenience in particular,... MoreSOMERSET — Resident Christopher Murphy said he is collecting signatures for a petition asking that the town increase the amount of members on the Board of Selectmen from three to five.
Mr. Murphy said he will ask for an article to increase the amount of members on the Board of Selectmen to be voted on at the special town meeting that the selectmen are planning to hold in the next several weeks. The selectmen have yet to schedule a special town meeting, but discussed having one at their meeting last week, and the topic will be on their agenda tonight.
In order to get a citizens petition article on the special town meeting warrant, Mr. Murphy would have to get the signatures of at least 100 registered voters in Somerset. Mr. Murphy said anyone who would like to sign the petition can call him at (774)451-6139. He said he only has a short time to collect the signatures, so he is encouraging people to contact him as soon as possible.
There have been a couple of unsuccessful attempts to increase the amount of members on the Board of Selectmen from three to five in the past. Mr. Murphy said he supported the last attempt.
Mr. Murphy said that some people who did not support the proposal to decrease the amount of Somerset School Committee members from five to three at a town meeting during the past year were talking about asking the town to increase the amount of members on the Board of Selectmen from five to three.
Mr. Murphy, who has run unsuccessfully for selectman in the past and is the host of the show "Murphy's Law" on Somerset Access Television, said he feels there needs to be more balance on the Board of Selectmen so that it is not so easy for two members to control what is going on with the board. He said that the Board of Selectmen is the highest executive board in Somerset. He said he feels it will be easier to bring about change if the board is increased to five members.
address
Location, ST | website.comA downloadable, printable map of campus can be found here.
Since its founding at Reed College in 1999, ROMP! has explored a wide range of music and ideas in collaboration with many guest artists and scholars. Enjoy a sampling of the varied seasons of ROMP! in the program gallery below.
3203 Southeast Woodstock Boulevard
Portland, Oregon 97202-8199
Phone: 503/771-1112
Getting to Reed
Campus MapTaiwan mulls nuclear plant referendum
Agence France-Presse in Taipei
Most Popular
Promotions).
But opposition to the project has been mounting after a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and subsequent tsunami ravaged a Japanese nuclear power plant in March 2011.
Jiang, who assumed office last week, surprised many on Monday by saying that the government, which had pushed for the costly project, is willing to hold a referendum on the issue.
“Through this process, we hope an issue that has troubled Taiwan for more than 20 years can be solved once and for all, so that Taiwan can regain momentum,” he said.
But the premier warned that the public would have to pay for scrapping the project, as it would face rising electricity prices and power shortages in the future.
The remarks came ahead of a huge anti-nuclear rally to be launched by the opposition and activists on Saturday.
Taipower operates three nuclear power plants, which supply about 20 per cent of the island’s power.
Construction of the new plant kicked off in 1999, but it has been the subject of intense political wrangling ever since.
Taiwan is regularly hit by earthquakes as the island lies near the junction of two tectonic plates.
In September 1999, a 7.6-magnitude quake killed around 2,400 people in what was the deadliest natural disaster in the island’s recent history.
Related topics
Related articles
For unlimited access to:
Existing subscribers, login hereRecently, Freekehlicious offered to send me some Freekeh from to try, which was very exciting, as I had heard of the grain before and had wanted to experiment with it for awhile.
So, what is freekeh, you ask? Well, freekeh is a grain that I think looks a little like spelt. “Young roasted green wheat is harvested while still young and green, then parched, roasted and dried. The process captures and retains the grains at the state of peak taste and nutrition.” And besides that, it’s just a really tasty whole grain and a healthier replacement for rice (or even pasta).
The cooking time is about what you would expect — 20-30 minutes. For the sake of experiment, I tried soaking it for 8 hours, while I was as work, before cooking and was able to then cook it in about 10 minutes (this was the cracked freekeh, but I’m sure that would work with the whole grain freekeh as well).
When looking for inspiration for freekeh, I turned to one of the cookbooks that I usually look to first when I need some ideas on what to do with whole grains — Super Natural Cooking by Heidi Swanson. There, I found a recipe that originally used farro but turned out to be a wonderful dish with the freekeh replacement. Asparagus, walnuts green onions — it was all very Spring-ish. You could definitely keep it vegetarian but I really liked the added albacore tuna in this dish.
If you don’t have any freekeh (but you really should get some and try it!) you could definitely make this dish with farro, quinoa, or even brown rice. Just use the appropriate amount of vegetable broth for the grain you are using.
Would you like to win some freekeh to try out for yourself? Well, just leave a comment by noon PST on Sunday, April 21st and I will randomly pick one winner and that person will receive two packages of Freekehlicious Freekeh! Very exciting!
Freekeh with Green Onion Sauce, Toasted Walnuts, Asparagus and Tuna
Adapted from a recipe in Super Natural Cooking by Heidi Swanson; Serves 2; can be doubled
1/2 cup cracked Freekeh
1-1/2 cups low-sodium Vegetable Broth
2 Tbsp Olive Oil, divided
6 green onions, coarsely chopped
2 cloves Garlic, minced
Kosher Salt and Black Pepper
1/2 lb Asparagus, trimmed and cut on a diagonal into 1-inch pieces
Grated zest of 1/2 lemon
1/2 cup toasted Walnuts, coarsely chopped
2 Albacore Tuna (Tombo) steaks, about 6 oz each
1/4 cup crumbled Feta Cheese, for garnish
Combine the freekeh and broth in a large pot. Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer for 20 – 30 minutes.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat, then add the chopped green onions, garlic and a pinch of salt. Saute for 5 minutes, or until the onions start to soften. Add to a food processor or blender and pulse until lightly chopped/pureed into a chunky sauce. Set aside.
While the freekeh is cooking, heat a skillet over medium high heat and add the remaining olive oil. Salt and pepper the tuna liberally on each side and cook for 2-4 minutes per side, depending on desired doneness. Set aside on a plate, covered with foil until ready to serve.
When the freekeh is nearly cooked, stir in the asparagus. Let it simmer for another 2-3 minutes, until the asparagus is a bright green. Stir in the lemon zest, walnuts, and 1/4 teaspoon salt and a little black pepper. Taste and adjust seasoning if needed.
To plate: Dish up freekeh and asparagus onto two plates, cover each with a piece of tuna, then some green onion sauce and a sprinkle of feta cheese.
Winner has been chosen and is being notified! Thanks everyone for commenting!/b>
I’d love to win a prize!
The first time I tried Freekeh was at Pasta Pomodoro. I normally order two side dishes as my dinner at Pasta Pomodoro. Freekeh is not a regular item on their menu, but I always order it when they do have it. I love it. The grain is slightly chewy and nutty. Freekah has not been on Pasta Pomodoro’s menu lately so since then, I’ve been looking for Freekeh, but not successful at finding it. Now I know where I can get it!
I’d love to try this! I’d never heard of it!
I have never heard of this grain before! Hoping it will be as delicious as bulgur or couscous:)
I have heard of this but never tried it. Love it’s name! Also hard to come by in this part of the boondocks so I’d love you to send me some.
I read about freekeh a few weeks ago, but this is the first i’ve seen a recipe. LooksMr Logan finally wrote something about last nights game against Boston.
* Back in the spring, Bates was pushing to come back from a groin injury in the hope of playing by the end of the Islanders’ first-round playoff series in Buffalo. He pushed too hard. While the team was in Buffalo, Bates suffered a major setback after a solo workout at the Isles’ practice facility in Syosset.
“I knew it was bad,” Bates said. “I was skating by myself and feeling good. It was one of those days where I went home, and I started internally bleeding and had to get rushed to the hospital. I spent the whole day in the hospital. It was a tough thing to go through.”
* Bates still is going through problems related to the injury. The combination of undergoing surgery for a sports hernia and trying to strengthen the groin and abdomen area that is crucial to his ability to be a strong skater still is bothering him after six months of rehabilitation. He’s continuing to work out on his own at camp, but no comeback will be attempted until he is 100 percent healthy.
“Right now, no, I don’t think it’s career threatening,” said Bates, who has two years remaining on his contract. “It’s a matter of getting the proper rehab and the proper strengthening. It’s going to take some time to get back. With this type of injury, you don’t want to come back at 75 percent because you’re vulnerable to doing something [to reinjure it] if you’re compensating. You want to be sure it’s 100 percent. I wouldn’t be the happiest person if I came back and got hurt in the first week.”
* When Bates finally does return, he’s going to find a crowded situation at center. The Islanders signed free agent Josef Vasicek to center the second line and are using veteran Richard Park to center the fourth line. Prospect Frans Nielsen has added 15 pounds of muscle and is looking good in camp, and the Isles also traded for Ben Walter, who scored 67 points for Providence in the AHL last season.
Speaking of general manager Garth Snow, Bates said:
“Snowy has a job to do, and that’s to put a team out on the ice. I’m not ready to start the season. You need four lines, and that’s what he’s done. I’m not worried about it, but I’m working hard to get back. We’ll see what happens when the time comes.“It gets to you mentally. But you can’t let it bother you because it will just get worse and worse. You try to keep a positive attitude and come to the rink every day and work hard.”
* Coach Ted Nolan wasn’t too impressed with his team’s performance in the second exhibition game, a 3-1 loss to Boston that came after a long day on which the Isles flew to North Bay, Ontario for their opening 4-3 overtime loss to Atlanta and then made the long flight to St. Johns, Newfoundland to meet a Bruins team that had a veteran-dominated roster. But Nolan said free agent center Josef Vasicek followed a poor opening game with a solid effort against the Bruins, including a fight he won with Andrew Ference.
“You look for guys to step up,” Nolan said. “Vasicek, with his skill and the way he can dish the puck, certainly can do that. The one thing we’re looking for is a little bit more competitiveness. In the second game, he showed that, so, now we know there’s something to build on.”
* The reviews for two other young forwards, Sean Bergenheim and Jeff Tambellini, were not so glowing.
“Bergenehim was a little bit rusty in the first couple of games, but we’re sure he’ll get better and better as we go,” Nolan said. “Tambellini was the same thing. He played okay, but we’re looking for better than okay. Okay, to me, is not very good. He can play a lot better.”
NYI Fan Central Comments:
Feel bad for Bates, someone takes his spot two year contract or not it's going to be tough to get it back. Looks like he's going to be out for a long stretch given his comments.
Tambelli's scrimmage performance did not carry over to the two games he played and Nolan had something to say about that and Bergenehim, who should not have been on right wing in scrimmages and thrown to left wing (his natural position for games)
as I wrote before will be very interesting if he is demoted how it's handled given the past.
Center Ice worked throught pregame, anthem playing, DiPietro in net. Jaffe and Mears have the call, building eighty percent Habs fans. Let's keep that feed working tonight.
Drop the puck....
No profanity permitted under ANY circumstances. Please agree or disagree respectfully, however make any hockey point (hopefully somewhat related to the entry) you would like. No advertising, link exchanges, or promotion of this site or yours anywhere.
Non-profit/publicity site.
Thank You_0<<
Services: Declawing, Spaying/Neutering, Animal Microchipping, Veterinary Vaccinations, Veterinary Euthanasia, Veterinary Surgery, Veterinarians, Animal Flea Control, Small Animal Vet, Veterinary Dentistry, Veterinary Docking
22._1<<
Services: Animal Flea Control, Spaying/Neutering, Veterinary Dentistry, Veterinary Medical Specialties, Emergency Veterinary Clinic, Reptile Vet, Animal Microchipping, Declawing, Veterinary Euthanasia, Veterinary Vaccinations, Veterinarians, Exotic Animal Vet, Small Animal Vet, Veterinary Surgery*** SOON ***
OMG ... I had NO IDEA the casting was so great! (although not a Bible story per se) -- a Poignant Must See.
LATEST CRITIQUE ---- <spoiler alert>
REMEMBER: It's all sci-fi, and NOT Biblical....
ALERT: Hours are not yet available.
Please be forewarned ~~~ this is to be approached as a SCIENCE FICTION with DRAMA (only loosely) based on, and will have little similarity to, the Biblical story of Noah.
A critique -- (this video link contains spoilers) IF you're "on the fence" ... go ahead and open the link.
__________________________
For those who only wish to meet at BJs --- This movie (with pre-show ads) should last about 2.7 hours.
So BJs Meetup should add 2 hours 45 minutes to curtain a great updated twist to an old story and some parts even surprised some of us in our seats. Dinner was a great choice with lively ambiance and wonderful conversations among all who attended. Very enjoyable evening.Now.
This is a nice windfall for the state but it isn't the boon it looks like at first glance. In fact, it highlights a serious problem with the state's budgeting process: it's completely at the mercy of the earnings of the rich.
I wrote about this back in January:.
Actually,. [OR by selling Facebook stock!] This means that they're disproportionately exposed to market volatility. And the markets have been plenty volatile over the past couple of years.
Look, we're lucky to have Facebooks and Googles and Apples in the California economy. But their presence — and the activities of shareholders who pay taxes in the state — isn't going to solve the extremely pressing problems of a budget that's carrying a structural deficit of around $5 billion and that's facing unemployment that could climb above 11 percent again over the next few months (and that's unlikely to fall into the single-digits for years).
So welcome the Facebook effect. Just don't depend on it.
Follow Matthew DeBord and the DeBord Report on Twitter.windows 2012 on home premium 7
Discussion in 'Windows 64bit' started by jcharth@gmail.com, Sep 25, 2013.,294
- JW
- Feb 9, 2007
acer aspire 2012 vs asus M6000 laptop..v3, Jun 27, 2004, in forum: NZ Computing
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 1,091
- v3
- Jun 28, 2004
ARM to surpass Atom by 2012?Lawrence D'Oliveiro, Mar 11, 2009, in forum: NZ Computing
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 392
- Lawrence D'Oliveiro
- Mar 11, 2009
Selling Routes Lebanon Premium CLI and Pakistan Premium CLI:Lubna Mahar, Nov 4, 2010, in forum: VOIP
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 1,613
- Lubna Mahar
- Nov 4, 2010
Selling Routes Lebanon Premium CLI and Iran Premium CLI:Lubna Mahar, Nov 23, 2010, in forum: VOIP
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 1,581
- Lubna Mahar
- Nov 23, 2010Current Perl documentation can be found at
perldoc.perl.org.
Here is our local, out-dated (pre-5.6) version:
You can't. You need to imitate the
system() call (see the perlipc manpage for sample code) and then have a signal handler for the
INT signal that passes the signal on to the
subprocess. Or you can check for it:
system()
$rc = system($cmd);
if ($rc & 127) { die "signalWhen I heard the report today I got to thinking about the situation. Since the announcement of this manhunt, we've had reports of LAPD firing dozens of rounds at a truck that looked like Dorners, which ended up injuring two innocent women. Basic case of shoot first, ask questions later.
I also thought about the reports that San Bernardino Sheriff's conducting door-to-door searches of everyone's homes and cabins up in Big Bear without warrants. Not to mention they are now using drones to try and take him out. That last little bit comes after the recent release of Obama's "license to kill" which says that the government can use drones to kill "threats" anywhere they want, including US soil without a trial.
All of these reports tell me one thing. The police would rather take Dorner in dead than alive. The problem with that is in America we are assumed innocent until proven guilty. At least we used to be.
You might be wondering why, if he is indeed innocent, would he run? Wouldn't you run? Some of his manifesto talks about corruption in the police department, and if that were the case, would you trust them to do the right thing when you turned yourself in?
So then I thought about what he is accused of doing. He has allegedly murdered a basketball coach, her fiancee and one police officer. Then of course I started to think about who are the ones telling the story? It's the media, and the police. You know, the police that are shooting first and asking questions later.
Anyway, then I thought, maybe he is completely innocent, and some bad elements of the LAPD are trying to hang him out to dry. Maybe he has too much on them, so they are framing him for some nasty crimes, and they are hunting him down to take him out. Like any smart cop, he sensed the danger and took off. It's a story right out of Hollywood isn't it? Who could possibly believe that?
Well, isn't the official story coming from the mainstream media just as Hollywoodesque? Think about that for a minute. A cop with a vendetta is declaring war with the police department that burned him? It's just as hard to believe.
Who knows what Dorner's side is really? Is he guilty? Is he innocent? We may never know if the police catch up with him first. His guilt should be decided by the courts, not a bunch of trigger happy police.
What are your thoughts about the Dorner case? Let us know in the comments.
Home > Japan In-depth > Cultural Quintessence > Pilgrimage to sacred places > Lucky Star (Raki☆Suta)
Lucky Star (Raki☆Suta)
Anime, Manga & Games
Japan In-depth
Being released in many countries such as Taiwan, Hong Kong, South Korea, Canada, the USA and Thailand in their own languages, Lucky Star has become an international hit. The significant setting of this anime is “Takanomiya Shrine” (Takanomiya-jinja) which is derived from Washinomiya Shrine in Washimiya. When the anime was broadcasted in 2007, many fans started to visit the town and the shrine. Now, the number of tourists from home and abroad is dramatically increasing. The economic boost in Washimiya is one of the most successful cases not only in Japan but also in the world brought by an otaku culture (a Japanese term referring hobbies like anime, manga, or video games). Here, we will introduce the pilgrimage sites in Washimiya centering on Washinomiya Shrine.
Access
Take JR Tohoku Main Line from Ueno Station in Tokyo, change to Tobu Isesaki Line at Kuki Station and get off at Washinomiya Station.
Or, take Tobu Isesaki Line from Asakusa Station to Washinomiya Station.
7-min walk from Washinomiya Station.3M revolutionized industrial and consumer markets when it invented Masking Tape in 1925. The company said it is once again poised to revolutionize the industry, this time, by Making Masking Simple.
.
The new.
According to Van Vleet, 3M’s new five-tape system is designed to help customers choose the right level of performance for the job. Too often, customers use the same level of masking tape performance for painting a vehicle as they use for hanging up a piece of paper on the wall. Until now, most masking tape has been tan, and difficult to differentiate. As a result, customers use the highest level of performance on all jobs, so they don’t introduce risk into their process. With the new lineup of 3M Masking Made Simple tapes, performance levels will be easy to determine, creating an opportunity to drive improvements through choosing the right performance level..Projects on Medical Readiness and Deployment
Current Projects
Defining and Measuring Family Readiness: The Deployment Life Study
The success of military operations depends not only on the preparation of servicemembers but also on the preparation of their families, a concept referred to as "family readiness." Recent military budgets allocate unprecedented levels of funding for a wide range of programs designed to support the health and well being of service members' families, yet family readiness remains an abstract concept. To address this issue, RAND is collecting longitudinal data from approximately 5,000 Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine families across the deployment cycle. Study results will help military policymakers design programs targeting the families most likely to need support and tailor those programs toward interventions most likely to address real needs.
Innovative Programs to Address Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury
Over the past several years, the DoD has implemented numerous programs, interventions, and other services to address the psychological health of servicemembers, including programs for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and traumatic brain injury (TBI). However, few of the initiatives have been evaluated. RAND created a comprehensive catalog of existing efforts and a taxonomy to characterize them, as well as developed an analytic framework and set of measures to monitor and evaluate program effectiveness. RAND is also evaluating some of the most promising programs.
Effects of the Army Force Generation (ARFORGEN) Process and Operational Tempo on Beneficiary Health and Health Care Needs
Army officials are concerned about how the Army Force Generation (ARFORGEN) cycle, and deployment cycles more generally, are likely to affect the level, mix, and timing of health care services beneficiaries need, as well as the ability of Military Treatment Facilities (MTFs) to provide care. RAND is conducting a two-part study to help the Army better understand these issues. One component examines the effects of ARFORGEN and other policies on the MTFs' ability to meet the general health needs of soldiers and their families; the second part of this research effort focuses on needs and gaps in behavioral health care.
Psychological Well-Being Among NCIS Agents: Impact of Deployments to Iraq, Afghanistan, and Africa
RAND researchers are assessing the effects of deployment on personnel from the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) to conflict areas. The study will examine policy and program alternatives that may mitigate any negative effects on agents and their families.
Review of Department of Defense Suicide Postvention Programs and Policy
RAND researchers are examining suicide 'postvention' policy, that is, policies and programs that guide each service's responses to suicides and suicide attempts, and ways in which such policies and programs can be improved. This study will involve reviewing existing policies and programs as well as studying actual suicide responses at different installations.
Performance Monitoring Center for Welcome Back Veterans Grant Program
RAND is creating a performance monitoring center for the Welcome Back Veterans (WBV) grant program. Launched in 2008 by Major League Baseball, and administered in partnership with the McCormick Foundation, WBV supports veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as their families, with mental health treatment and job opportunities. RAND researchers will devise a set of performance monitoring objectives for the overall WBV program as well as design tools that can be used for monitoring the performance and progress of individual grantee programs.
Boots on the Ground and Dwell Time for Army Forces: Implications on Unit Effectiveness, Training, and Soldier Well-Being
RAND researchers are developing a framework and methodology for evaluating alternative combinations of deployment tour lengths, or Boots on the Ground (BOG), and time at home (dwell) with the goal of providing essential insights into how the elements of Army rotation rates effect the health and readiness of the Army. This study will adapt the RAND Deployment Life Study survey instruments to include unmarried soldiers, and will define a process to develop a consensus opinion from clinicians, researchers, and leaders on the relationship among BOG, dwell, and behavioral health of soldiers and their families.
An Assessment of Operation Purple Camp: Evaluating Effects Associated with Camp Participation
This evaluation of Operation Purple®, a free, one-week summer camp for youth from military families to help them cope with the stress of war, is examining how the camp curriculum was implemented during 2011 and if improvements were noted in four camp outcomes: communication skills, understanding of military culture, sense of service, and outdoor education.
Completed Research
Invisible Wounds of War: Estimating the Psychological Toll of Deployment to Iraq and Afghanistan
In addition to physical injuries, troops are returning from Iraq and Afghanistan with an array of mental and emotional scars, some of which do not manifest themselves until well after the service member has returned home. This major study collected and analyzed information about the needs of, and services for, returning military personnel with posttraumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, and other mental and emotional injuries associated with deployment to Iraq or Afghanistan. Learn more about RAND's Invisible Wounds project.
Understanding Gulf War Illnesses
Shortly after the 1991 Persian Gulf War ended, veterans of that conflict began reporting a variety of physical and psychological symptoms. RAND conducted extensive searches of available literature and assembled baseline scientific and medical information about possible causes, including wartime stress, chemical and biological warfare agents, oil well fires, and pesticides. Learn more about RAND's Gulf War Illness research.
Understanding the Effects of Deployment on Children and Families
Very little is known about how deployment affects the children and families of military personnel, particularly in the current context of multiple and extended deployments. To begin addressing these knowledge gaps, a RAND team conducted a longitudinal study focused on a sample of youth from military families and their caregivers. The study population was drawn from applicants to Operation Purple®, a free summer camp for children from military families sponsored by the National Military Family Association.
Assessing Needs of Veterans and their Families Residing in NY State. RAND examined the health, mental health, and social services needs of returning Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans and their families in New York State in order to provide a better understanding for how these needs vary by geographic region, demographics, and socioeconomic factors.
Information Needs of Veterans with Traumatic Brain Injury
Combat troops in today's war zones are at risk for traumatic brain injury (TBI) from the blasts of improvised explosive devices. The physical, psychological, and emotional symptoms of these "silent" war wounds are often misinterpreted and pose a huge challenge to military and medical professionals and to families of affected servicemembers. RAND analyzed data from focus groups and interviews to inform the development and refinement of informational materials for servicemembers with mild TBI and their families. The final report from this study is in production and awaiting security clearance from DoD.
Identifying Best Practices for Promoting Resilience
The recent increase in operational tempo of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan comes with a number of challenges for service members and their families. Longer and more frequent deployments combined with the other consequences of combat may stress existing coping resources. RAND reviewed the literature on psychological resilience with a focus on evidence-informed practices that may be applicable to programs for active duty service members and their families. Based on the review, RAND identified and assessed current DoD programs to determine whether they incorporate principles and elements based on the evidence.
Assessing Medical and Dental Readiness of the Reserve Components
As an integral part of the U.S. military, the Reserve Components are continually called upon to support operations around the globe. Besides the need to be properly equipped and trained, the Reserve Components must also ensure that servicemembers are medically ready to serve when called upon. RAND reviewed medical and dental readiness requirements of the Reserve units and assessed the systems used to monitor compliance with standards. When possible, RAND identified the costs of maintaining Reserve Component members at the required level of medical/dental readiness and assessed the costs of alternative approaches to improving readiness that will ensure compliance with Reserve Component standards. A report based on this study is in production and awaiting sponsor and security approval/release.Turn your PC into home theater computer server
Page 3 of 7
Page 3 of 7
Similar Topics
- Maingear debuts home theater, gaming PC hybridJun 22, 2009
- Worth upgrading PC for home theater and gaming?Jan 27, 2010
- New Media Room - Computer, HDTV, Home TheaterDec 31, 2004If you have a Smart TV at home and you’re an avid user of Spotify, you might be pleased to learn that Spotify has recently announced that they have added more partners to their Spotify Connect list. What this means is that there will now be some Smart TV brands that will play nicely with Spotify connect.
This is expected to kick off with Philips’ Smart TVs and other brands are expected to be added at a later date. Other partners added by Spotify include Bose, Panasonic, and Gramofon which Spotify expects to detail at an announcement they will be making at IFA 2014 which is taking place next week.
Spotify has also announced that Spotify Connect will gain Multi Room functionality which allows users to group speakers together in your home to play the same music, so that your guests or yourself will be able enjoy the same music regardless of which room you are in at the moment.
For those unfamiliar, Spotify Connect is a Spotify Premium feature lets you beam songs from the Spotify app on your phone/tablet to supported speakers. According to Stan Garmark, the VP of Product at Spotify, “Our mission with Connect was to give people a better way to listen at home, and we have delivered exactly that for music fans all over the world in just one year.”Advanced Search
Petrotec AG: Business description, financial summary, 3yr and interim financials, key statistics/ratios and historical ratio analysis.
This report is essential reading for any serious investor, providing comprehensive financial information on a company's perfo...
Petrotec AG (PT8) - Financial Analysis Review
Petrotec AG (PT8) - Financial Analysis Review Summary Petrotec AG (Petrotec) is a biodiesel manufacturing company. The ...
Wright Investors Service Comprehensive Report for Petrotec Ag
Quantitative analyses of financial statements (Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Sources of Capital), extensive ratio table...
Petrotec AG: Downgraded to Average
Opportunity Calls for Petrotec AG Investors
Will Petrotec AG Perform Long Term? Moore Rumors
Rays Notes: Moncada, Moore, Teaford
Here’s the latest from Tampa Bay…
- Yoan Moncada took part in a private workout for Rays officials at Tropicana Field on Wednesday, Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times reports. Despite the Rays’ interest in Moncada, it is widely expected that they will be outbid given the widespread interest in the Cuban phenom.
- Left-hander Matt Moore threw off a mound on Tuesday of this week for the first time since undergoing Tommy John surgery, reports Topkin. Moore made 15 tosses from halfway up the bullpen mound at Tropicana Field and said the session couldn’t have gone better. Moore says he is targeting a return to the Tampa rotation sometime in June. In the meantime, trade acquisition Nate Karns and prospect Alex Colome should battle to hold down the fifth slot behind Alex Cobb, Drew Smyly, Jake Odorizzi and Chris Archer.
- The Rays’ minor league signing of Everett Teaford is yet another example of how the organization focuses on pitchers who throw high fastballs, Fangraphs’ Jeff Sullivan writes. Tampa generally either pursues pitchers with rising fastballs or tries to add the pitch to a hurler’s arsenal after the club acquires him, as was the case with Drew Smyly last season.
Share 3 Retweet 21 Send via email6
Full Story | Comments | Categories: Matt Moore | Tampa Bay Rays | Yoan Moncada
Rays’ Matt Moore To Undergo Tommy John Surgery
APRIL 14: Moore will undergo Tommy John surgery, reports Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times. The young hurler said that he decided to have the procedure after experiencing discomfort while throwing this afternoon. ."
APRIL 10: Moore, the team, and the doctors they've consulted are still assessing the injury and the options, according to the updated report from Topkin. "What [executive VP Andrew Friedman] wanted to do was discuss it in more depth [today] based on the results as we get them," Maddon said. "We need to get all the facts and see how we want to proceed with this, see if surgery is necessary, if it's not necessary, we're still waiting to find out."
A contrast-aided MRI conducted yesterday is expected to help provide answers. One question, according to Topkin, is whether all or part of the damage was pre-existing, which will require comparison to past scans. "I don't think it's fully torn from what I understand," said Maddon, "but I don't know that. The test with the dye would probably be more conclusive."
APRIL 9: Rays manager Joe Maddon said that it is "not a slam dunk surgery right now" after Moore's tests and consultations today, tweets Topkin. Discussions about how to proceed will continue tomorrow.
APRIL 8: The injury that drove Rays starter Matt Moore from his start yesterday involves his UCL, reports Jeff Passan of Yahoo Sports (Twitter links). Moore, 24, will see Dr. James Andrews for a second opinion, as was reported earlier today.
UCL tears are commonly associated with the Tommy John procedure, of course, as that is the surgical option in the event of a tear. As Passan notes, pitchers can occastionally attempt to rehab and pitch through a tear if it is minor enough, though in that situation any delay would push back the timetable in the event that surgery is ultimately necessary.
The club had sounded optimistic earlier this morning, but the outlook apparently took a downturn as the day went along, as Marc Topkin of the Tampa Bay Times tweeted earlier this evening. Moore, one of the most promising young arms in the game, is in the midst of a five-year, $14MM extension that also includes three option years covering the 2017-19 seasons. Though Tampa has options to fill in for him in the near term — including Nate Karns and Erik Bedard — the team is already dealing with the loss of Jeremy Hellickson for the early part of the season and the suspension of prospect Alex Colome.
Share 5 Retweet 49 Send via email0
Full Story | Comments | Categories: Matt Moore | Tampa Bay Rays
Injury Notes: Anderson, Moore, Phillies, Yankees, Red Sox.
Share 0 Retweet 21 Send via email0
Full Story | Comments | Categories: Boston Red Sox | Brett Anderson | Colorado Rockies | Matt Moore | New York Yankees | Philadelphia Phillies | Tampa Bay Rays
AL East Notes: Moore, Trout, Cashman, Jays
The."
Here's some more from around the AL East…
-.
- Injuries to Mark Teixeira and David Robertson have left the Yankees thin at first base and in the bullpen, two positions that were thought to be lacking in depth going into the season. GM Brian Cashman reiterated to reporters (including MLB.com's Bryan Hoch) that the two positions would be "a developing story" through the season as the team didn't have enough budget space to acquire additional depth in the offseason. "We wanted to fix as much as we could, but acknowledged that we couldn't fix everything that needed to be addressed," Cashman said. "That's with the money we were in position to spend as well as the available talent. The better talent was really heavily in favor of the outfield rather than the infield."
- The Blue Jays' seeming halt on payroll looks to be an ownership response to how none of GM Alex Anthopoulos' big additions from the 2012-13 offseason have yet panned out, Richard Griffin of the Toronto Star writes. Rogers Communications, the Jays' parent company, is essentially saying to Anthopoulos, in Griffin's words, "Show us that the group you brought in last year is as good as you said it was and maybe then we can talk about additions." Griffin also doesn't think the Jays will undergo an Astros-esque total rebuild since Rogers wants to keep the team competitive in order to maintain the Jays' strong viewership numbers on Rogers-owned media outlets.
- In AL East news from earlier today on MLBTR, we collected some Red Sox Notes, and also learned that the Red Sox, Rays and Yankees are three of the teams who are believed to be interested in Joel Hanrahan.
Share 3 Retweet 22 Send via email0
Full Story | Comments | Categories: Brian Cashman | Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim | Matt Moore | Mike Trout | New York Yankees | Tampa Bay Rays | Toronto Blue Jays
Rosenthal’s Latest: Royals, Butler, Myers, Rays, Astros
Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports hears that Royals GM Dayton Moore is "feeling the heat," in the sense that many want the team to use their prospect base to acquire veterans who can help them win now like the Blue Jays did with their recent blockbuster. Here's more from Rosenthal on Kansas City…
- Even after acquiring Ervin Santana, the Royals can still fit a free agent like Jeremy Guthrie into their payroll on a back-loaded, multiyear contract.
- The Mariners covet Billy Butler and would conceivably part with young, high-end pitching to acquire him. Butler is under contract through 2014 with a club option for 2015, though the Royals are unsure if they have enough offense to move him right now.
- The Rays like top prospect Wil Myers, though the Royals are conflicted about moving him even for a pitcher like Jeremy Hellickson or Matt Moore.
- The Astros could be another trade partner for Kansas City since the price to acquire Bud Norris or Lucas Harrell would be lower than it would be for Hellickson or Moore. The impact would be less too, however.
- Moore is under contract through 2014 and does not appear to be in danger of losing his job, says Rosenthal.
Share 0 Retweet 39 Send via email0
Full Story | Comments | Categories: Billy Butler | Bud Norris | Dayton Moore | Houston Astros | Jeremy Hellickson | Kansas City Royals | Matt Moore | Seattle Mariners | Tampa Bay Rays | Wil Myers
Sherman’s Latest: Soriano, Yankees, Moore, Rays, Bay…
- The Yankees are privately pleased that Soriano opted out of his $14MM salary for next season. They'll allocate those dollars elsewhere and could use a portion of it on a reliever to replace Soriano.
- The feeling at the GM Meetings was that the Rays are much more open to trading a starting pitcher for offense than they have been in the past. They would talk about James Shields, Jeremy Hellickson, Jeff Niemann, and even Matt Moore in the right deal.
- In the wake of Jason Bay's departure from the Mets, Sherman points out that Tyler Colvin (.150 AVG in 2011) and Andruw Jones (.158 AVG in 2008) are two recent examples of outfielders who turned things around following dreadful seasons. Bay hit .158 this year.
Share 0 Retweet 20 Send via email0
Full Story | Comments | Categories: James Shields | Jeff Niemann | Jeremy Hellickson | Matt Moore | New York Yankees | Rafael Soriano | Tampa Bay Rays
Rangers, Dodgers Pursuing James Shields.
Shields earns $7MM in 2012 and his contract includes club options for 2013 ($9MM with a $1.5MM buyout) and 2014 ($12MM with a $1MM buyout). Shields, the third-place finisher in last year's AL Cy Young voting, has completed at least 200 innings in every one of his five full seasons. The 30-year-old has a 4.39 ERA with 8.5 K/9 and 2.7 BB/9 in 131 1/3 innings so far in 2012.
Share 4 Retweet 27 Send via email0
Full Story | Comments | Categories: David Price | James Shields | Los Angeles Dodgers | Matt Moore | Peter Bourjos | Tampa Bay Rays | Texas RangersThe good weather earlier this year has caused an increase in anti-social behaviour, the area’s police commander has said.
Chief Superintendent Gill Imery reported the figures for the first quarter of 2014/15 to a meeting of the police, fire and rescue and safer communities board at the council on Friday.
The number of incidents rose by almost 10 per cent compared to the same period in 2013/14, going said: “It is disappointing to note a drop in the detection rate, however we are confident that this will improve as the year progresses.”
Almost Done!
By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website.POPSUGAR Fashion Must Reads Coutorture Community's Morning Must Reads 7/30 Coutorture Community's Morning Must Reads 7/30 by coutorture 7/30/08 0 Shares Like us on Facebook.Nope........its dirty.
This is a discussion on Party Source Humi - Newport, KY within the Cigar Pictures forums, part of the The Gallery category; Originally Posted by Cattani I will also say that I know they have something rare in the back that I ...
"The world breaks everyone, and afterwards, some are strong at the broken places." - Hemingway
BookmarksPound Slightly Up Following U.K.PPI 4/13/2012 4:32 AM ET At 4.30 am ET Friday, U.K. producer price data for March was released. Following the data, the pound rose slightly against other major currencies.The pound is now trading at 0.8263 against the euro, 128.83 against the yen, 1.4549 against the franc and 1.5930 against the greenback. by RTT Staff WriterFor comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.comForex NewsBlogs Partner
Website partner
Holiday in style at a luxury hotel in South Africa with Myfuturehotel. Soak up the African sun on coastline capes, shop for diamonds and enjoy sundowner cocktails laced with Van Der Hum liqueur.
South Africa is the most popular tourist destination in Africa, for reasons that become clear as soon as you arrive in the “Rainbow Nation.” The country offers a dazzling range of attractions: elegant wine estates, thrilling wildlife reserves, pristine beaches, lively music and arts, a wealth of history, and more. Cape Town is considered by many to be one of the world’s most beautiful cities, with Table Mountain, the stunning coast, and gardens. The Western Cape is known for its lovely beaches and the chance to see whales and dolphins throughout the summer. The dense forests and quaint coastal villages of the Eastern Cape’s Garden Route make this one of the country’s most popular regions, and an ideal area to explore on a self-drive holiday. To the north, the famed safari destinations of Kruger National Park and Hluhluwe-Umfolozi are touches of Eden, alive with the Big Five and more.- ?
Astigmatic Micro Particle Imaging
Abstract
Anamorphic particle tracking; Wavefront deformation particle tracking
Synonyms
Anamorphic particle tracking; Wavefront deformation particle tracking
Definition
Astigmatism particle imaging is an optical method to determine the instantaneous volumetric position of spherical particles in a volume of transparent medium using only a single camera view. The method is mainly applied in microfluidics to measure the velocity and trajectories of tracer particles that follow the fluid motion. However, recently it could be shown that this measurement principle without bias errors due to the depth of correlation and spatial averaging is well suited to reconstruct the arbitrary-shaped interface of mixing layers in a micromixer with extended high precision.
Optical Principle
Astigmatic imaging is a way to break the axis symmetry of an optical system thus allowing for the depth coding of particle positions in 2D images. Among the manifold of 3D3CNew York, NY (PRWEB) December 05, 2012
Feelings are responses generated by human brains to help them survive. Since the beginning of time, human brains have been evolving, fine-tuning abilities to augment human wellbeing. Yet, sometimes these “survival mode” responses can prevent us from living deliberately. "Why Do I Feel This Way? What Your Feelings Are Trying To Tell You" (Mill City Press) explores how the mind creates feelings and explains how readers can get messages and live in harmony with their feelings for a more fulfilling life. "Why Do I Feel This Way?" will be available February 26, 2013 at all major retailers.
A launch party for "Why Do I Feel This Way?" Will be held from 6 p.m.–9 p.m., Dec. 5, at Red Roots Gallery, 25 Central Park West in New York City. Guests will enjoy great food, good conversation, live entertainment, and an opportunity to purchase the book.
About the Book
After her husband lost his three-year battle with HIV, author Dina Wilcox embarked on a ten-year journey of self-discovery. Her goal was to understand her own feelings in order to harness her inner power and live meaningfully. "Why Do I Feel This Way?" is the result of research and experimentation she conducted in order to learn about her own brain, and to use what she learned about how our feelings exist to help people thrive.
"Why Do I Feel This Way?" addresses topics such as memories, fear, love, consciousness, and reality. Our brains give us all the information we need in order to act in our own best interests. Armed with the power they supply in a variety of fun and interesting ways, Wilcox posits that people can even change reality. A compelling cross between science and memoir, "Why Do I Feel This Way?" is for everyone who is curious about how they can use their feelings to live a life they can love.
For more information or to purchase the book, go to.
About the Author
Dina L. Wilcox holds a law degree from Northeastern University. She has worked as a lawyer, educator, writer, editor, and consultant and public speaker. "Why Do I Feel This Way?" is her first book, and arose, in part, as a result of her many years as an HIV prevention educator. She lives in New York City.Pheasant Halo
- Send to a friend
- View full size
Pheasant Halo
Pheasant Halo
Made from Pheasant feathers this is a beautiful combination of vintage veiling, overdyed pheasant & emu feathers with vintage silk velvet ribbon. Mounted on a headband.
We pack and send our items all over the world, if you have a question please use our contact for to email me.
Call me for an appointment to have one made in your colourway.
Made by Me for You ! SOLD but you can have one made for you in your colours.
Website by Josh Crawford#98: cabal assumes -x option for linking ---------------------------------------+------------------------------------ Reporter: Christian.Maeder at dfki.de | Owner: ijones Type: defect | Status: closed Priority: normal | Milestone: Cabal-1.2 Component: Cabal library | Version: 1.2.0 Severity: normal | Resolution: fixed Keywords: | Difficulty: easy (<4 hours) Ghcversion: 6.6 | Platform: Other Unix ---------------------------------------+------------------------------------ Comment (by duncan): Replying to [comment:2 guest]: > Furthermore the generated file libraries/base/GNUMakefile contained "`xargs -s 30000`" which is too big for Solaris (the maximal value is 2048) I'd really like to get this increased. 2048 is ridiculously low for most platforms. We end up doing multiple ar and ld calls even for ordinary sized Haskell projects without even using split-objs. If people use split- objs we'll end up making 100's of ar/ld calls for larger libs. According to POSIX.1-2001 the minimum value for ARG_MAX is _POSIX_ARG_MAX which is 4096. So surely even older versions of Solaris must have supported at least 4096? I used the following C program to test on Solaris 9 and I discovered the value is 1048320. {{{ #include <stdio.h> #include <unistd.h> #include <limits.h> int main () { printf("ARG_MAX == %d, sysconf(_SC_ARG_MAX) == %ld\n", ARG_MAX, sysconf(_SC_ARG_MAX)); return 0; } }}} On posix systems we could test dynamically using `System.Posix.Unistd.getSysVar ArgumentLimit` though it's a pain because we'd have to use cpp and add a conditional dependency on the unix package. Christian, what version of Solaris are you using and what does the above C program report for you? -- Ticket URL: <> Hackage <> Hackage: Cabal and related projectsRe: Recent Bishop y-DNA Breakthroughs
- In reply to: Recent Bishop y-DNA BreakthroughsMimi Bishop 3/09/12
Hello, I was wondering if you had any more information on Samuel Bishop?I have unverified information that he may be an ancestor of mine. Here's what I know for certain: Sarah Davis or Davies, born in Philadelphia 1741, married Samuel Bettle, born 1736 in Birmingham, Chester County. Sarah's parents were Rachel Roberts born 1718 in Philadelphia, and James Davis/Davies, born in Chester County PA.James Davis/Davies parents are supposed to be Abraham Davis/Davies (1700-1762) and Susanna Bishop(1704-1782).Susanna Bishop's father is listed as Samuel Bishop andmother, Alice Curtis.All were Quakers and lived in Philadelphia or Chester County PA. I am 100% certain about the first couple, Sarah Davis and Samuel Bettle; the rest is not fully proven.I thought you might have some info on Samuel Bishop that might prove or disprove that he is my ancestor?Thanks!500.16 - Classification and Inventory of USGS Web Services
2/14/2000
OPR: Office of Information Services
1. Policy. A detailed inventory of USGS web servers will be created and kept up-to-date by the USGS webmaster for use in monitoring USGS web service performance and to respond to inquiries from government agencies and the public.
2. Background. The Bureau is accountable for the function of USGS web servers and the information they provide to the public through the Internet. From time to time, the USGS must respond to direct inquiries about USGS web activities from organizations, such as the Department of the Interior, the General Accounting Office, and the Office of Management and Budget. An accurate and complete inventory of USGS web services is required to respond to such inquiries.
The USGS search engine is designed to provide comprehensive and appropriate links to information provided by USGS web servers; to achieve this goal, the Bureau needs to know which USGS web servers should be indexed by search engines run by USGS and outside organizations. Conversely, information made available informally through web servers for collaboration among colleagues of USGS personnel should not be indexed by search engines that originate outside the USGS.
3. References.
A. Privacy Act of 1974 (5 USC 522a)
B. Electronic Intellectual Property Act of 1998
C. SM 500.5 - Policy on the Release of Information to the News Media
D. SM 500.8 - Review of USGS Publications and Abstracts of Oral Presentations for Policy-Sensitive Issues
E. SM 500.9 - Approval by the Director for Outside Publication and Oral Presentation
F. SM 500.15 - Customer Service Policy
G. SM 500.14 - Safeguard and Release of USGS Data and Information
H. SM 500.24 - Policy for Release of Computer Databases and Computer Programs
I. SM 504.1 - Standards for Digital Spatial Data Released to the Public
J. SM 600.3 - Networking of Computing Resources
4. Definitions.
A. A web server refers here to any computer that serves substantive information over the Internet using protocols commonly referred to as "the world-wide web," including Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) and publicly-available anonymous File Transfer Protocol (FTP) and Network News Transfer Protocol (NNTP). This definition does not include internal FTP transfers, electronic mail services, or network-enabled appliances, such as routers, switches, plotters, or printers.
B. A web service is an effort to provide information to an intended audience using a web server. A web server may provide several different web services. Web services are categorized as follows:
(1) Service Type: Public
Purpose: Provide access to USGS information, products, and services approved for release to the public.
Access restrictions: Access to content is not restricted. Pages are designed to facilitate indexing by USGS and external search engines.
(2) Service Type: Internal
Purpose: Provide access to internal USGS information to employees of USGS and selected non-USGS individuals and organizations.
Access restrictions: Access to content is restricted using methods specific to the web server software (for example, .htaccess files). Pages intended for broad internal audiences are designed to facilitate indexing by the USGS search engine.
(3) Service Type: Restricted
Purpose: Provide access to specific information for a carefully selected set of users within and outside USGS in settings where need-to-know considerations or secure transactions apply.
Access restrictions: Search engines are denied access. Appropriate barriers to access by unauthorized users are applied
(4) Service Type: Developmental
Purpose: Provide information in a collaborative setting to colleagues within and outside the USGS, development and testing of new USGS products and services, or research on information dissemination.
Access restrictions: Search engines are denied access. Appropriate barriers to access by unauthorized users are applied. Access by the public is generally not appropriate.
C. A webmaster is the person responsible for running a web server or servers and organizing and managing the contents of the sites.
5. Procedures.
A. Access logs will be retained for a period of time as determined by Federal information resource management mandates in order to report appropriate statistics to the Department. Refer to the USGS Web Privacy Statement for additional information.
B. Administrators of USGS web servers will restrict access based on intended audience and purpose for which information is being published on the web and will design their information services to support appropriate access and indexing by search engines as indicated for each type of service.
C. The inventory of USGS web servers will include the web services provided, the expected accessibility, Internet protocol addresses used, host and domain names and aliases, preferred alias for use by the public if applicable, and contact information of the system administrator(s) and person(s) responsible for the information content. Information will be provided by the operational disciplines, regional directorates, and the Director's office to the USGS webmaster. The USGS webmaster will subsequently make the information available as an internal web service to USGS employees and contractors.
D. As administrator of the USGS search engine, the USGS webmaster, in consultation with the appropriate Bureau entities, including the Office of Geographic Information, will publicize within the USGS the methods by which web pages can be designed to facilitate discovery (or to inhibit discovery, where that is the appropriate goal) by search engines of the USGS and outside organizations.. Twitter: @RachelScheinbeinHey,
I’ve been playing with the new control structures in GenExpr, trying to push their limits a bit. For some reason, I can’t read/write to a data or buffer object from within the loop. Is this a bug or a known limitation? I’m hoping that future versions support this, as it’d enable some really useful additions to Gen’s current functionality (oversampling, for example). Any insight anyone?
-J
this is a current limitation. a shame as i agree could be very powerful. i asked the devs about it and it is on the general feature request radar as far as i know.
best.
Yes, unfortunately this is a known issue at the moment, but it will be resolved in the next update. This issue also affects the use of Data etc. within functions currently.
Log in to reply
OUR PRODUCTS
C74 ELSEWHERE
C74 RSS Feed | © Copyright Cycling '74 | Terms & Conditions952-544-4276
10928 Greenbrier Rd ( )
Minnetonka, MN 55305-3474
952-544-4276
10928 Greenbrier Rd ( )
Minnetonka, MN 55305-3474
November 19, 2012
On a recommendation from a friend, I brought my family to Wang's. Its under new ownership. This nice restaurant is tucked away and not easy to see. But it was worth it. My brother announced that it was the best eggplant and best Chinese he…
November 22, 2010
This was the worst lunch buffet we've ever had. There was hardly anything on it and what was there was very old and cold. it was 12:30 so it should have been prime lunch time. We asked them to make a couple items that were completely empty…
March 24, 2010
Good chinese food, not too salty, fresh ingredients. Many things on the menu to choose from, I found mostly everything I've eaten to be good and at a decent price.
Menuism intends to provide the most accurate information possible. The Wang's Restaurant menu items have been provided by Menuism users or third party data sources. If you see discrepancies or you represent Wang's Restaurant and wish to report changes, please contact us.Warning:
The NCBI web site requires JavaScript to function.
more...
Generate a file for use with external citation management software.
In vivo sensitivity of Plasmodium falciparum to chloroquine was evaluated in 4 of 9 regions of Zaire in 1985 to develop a national strategy for treatment of malaria. Children less than 5 years of age were treated with either a single dose of chloroquine base, 10 mg/kg, or a dose of 25 mg/kg given over 3 d. A modified 7-day World Health Organization in vivo test was used with follow-up 2, 3 and 7 d after the start of treatment. 339 children were studied. In Bwamanda 92% of children were aparasitaemic 7 days after chloroquine, 10 mg/kg, but in Kinshasa only 44% were free of parasites after 25 mg/kg chloroquine. The mean drop in parasite density among those who did not clear parasites by day 7 was greater than 98% of the initial value. Although the parasite density decreased markedly, the failure of most subjects to become aparasitaemic indicated a marked decrease in parasite sensitivity since 1983. Only one child of 51 who were initially febrile remained febrile, although 14 (28%) of these had resistant parasites. The decrease in parasitaemia and temperature, even among children with resistant strains, led the Ministry of Health to recommend 25 mg/kg chloroquine as first line treatment for fever/malaria in their national malaria control plan. The plan includes drug sensitivity surveillance and a referral system for patients who do not respond to chloroquine treatment.
National Center for
Biotechnology Information,
U.S. National Library of Medicine
8600 Rockville Pike, Bethesda
MD, 20894
USAJoin Date: Jul 2012
Location: Lost in the stars
Posts: 5
Mentioned: 0 Post(s)
Tagged: 0 Thread(s)
Quoted: 0 Post(s)
Fledgling midwife on hiatus, Wife to B, mama to C (c/s
12/04) and S
(12/07),
m/c (3/12) and expecting another bean 6/13
.
I had a mirena put in in 2006, and the strings periodically went missing, but the mirena was still in place. I didn't get pregnant. If the strings are missing because the mirena fell out then you are as likely as the next unprotected woman to be pregnant. If the strings are gone but the mirena is not then it depends on many factors such as the actual location of the mirena and the shape of your uterus.
Did you do an HPT?
HPT = home pregnancy test. If I couldn't find my strings I'd be peeing on a stick.
Geoff Fishbaugh shows what the C-Ruck is made of: tough enough for the glacier between the Eiger and Jungfrau peaks, Switzerland.
For anyone who thinks there’s not enough time in two weeks to see Europe, the Fishbaugh family made a valiant attempt. Lucky for Dave he brought along a C-Ruck Carry-on, good for carrying his camera to bring back some terrific photos. This is an Adventure Journal that delivered on some seriously fine vistas!
Jim,My Airborne Carry-on Rucksack (color: Forest) made the following trip in summer 2005 with myself (age 59), wife Mary Susan (age 58), and son Geoff (age 17) Fishbaugh:
Arrive Glasgow Scotland via Billings-Minneapolis-Amsterdam-Glasgow by plane. Depart Glasgow by train. Arrive Harwich England. Stayed all night in a local hotel overlooking the English Channel.
Depart for Hoek of Holland by hydrofoil ferry, rather a floating casino! Arrive Rotterdam by train. Pick up a rental car (Euro Ford with automatic everything!) and drive to Breeda, Belgium. Stayed at a traditional hotel above a local restaurant – three single beds in the room. Room overlooked a town square. Bath facilities down the hall.
Depart Breeda by car and arrive Trier Germany. Stayed at a wonderful place on a hillside with two bedrooms and private bath. Breakfast the next day was part of the room rate: cold meat, yogurt, fresh butter, assortment of breads, hard-boiled eggs, juice, coffee, and tea.
Depart for Bar le Duc, France. We have a VIP tour of Bar le Duc, the castle, which was the childhood homes of our friends Guy and Pierrette. Their home is in the countryside along a canal with barges and other boat traffic. They have wonderful flower and vegetable gardens. Offered us a traditional French supper with quiche, home-grown green beans, loaves of French bread, and a custard with home-canned peaches. All topped off with home brewed Mirabelle brandy – one sniff was enough for us! Wonder what the alcohol content was!!
Depart for Bern Switzerland via a beautiful route through both farm country and mountain passes. Dropped the car off in Bern and used public transportation for the remainder of the trip. Stayed with our daughter Kate. That day and the next we Tour Bern: picnic in the Rosen Garten, climb the church tower, and feel sad for the captive bears.
Wanderweg in the countryside outside Bern. This is a country hike, as opposed to an Alpine hike. Hiked at least 5 miles through the hills, through farms with Heidi-looking homes and out-buildings complete with lace curtains and red-and-white checked table cloths. Ate at "the Painted Pony," a pub that looked like it came straight from The Hobbit!
Depart for Grindelwald, a small mountain town. Checked luggage in storage lockers at the station and took a train to the Jungfraujoch, Top-of-Europe. The rail trip was quite steep, requiring cogs to pull the train up the mountain and to maintain reduced speed on the way down. We rode through the Eiger a tunnel behind the face famous for climbers. On the Jungfraujoch, a saddle between the Eiger and Jungfrau peaks, we looked down on the largest glacier in Europe. We hiked across the glacier to a "hut," actually an inn at the top of the mountain that provides hot meals and lodging for serious mountaineers and ice climbers. We tried the rosti – roasted potatoes with bacon, eggs, cheese, etc.
Made an Alpine hike on the Wetterhorn, a mountain separated from the Eiger by a deep canyon. Rode a cable car to the trail head then hiked to a restaurant for lunch. The Swiss know how to do mountains in style!
Left our loft room in Grindelwald — five single beds under the eaves, knotted rope fire escape, bathroom on the floor below — to travel to another canton (Swiss state) to meet friends. Stayed in a ski club lodge at the top of a mountain at the edge of a village. Instead of bears clawing at the side of our tent in the morning, we were awakened by the bells of cows grazing far above the tree line! Feasted on raclette, a traditional Swiss cheese that is warmed and melted over potatoes or other vegetables. Very tasty and very stinky!
Returned to Bern. Travel in Switzerland was intercity by train, intra city by bus, and often on foot!
Traveled to Paris with Kate on a French high-speed train. We left the German speaking part of Switzerland and traveled through the French speaking part. It is interesting how different cantons are from each other in language, architecture, everything. Switzerland is a loose confederation of states that become united only when their borders are threatened. Arrived in Paris. Found our 2 star, 80% clean hotel and set off for Sacre Coeur.
Walked to all of the major Parisian sites: Opera, Seine, Notre Dame, the Louvre (didn’t have to decide whether or not to go in because the Louvre is closed on Tuesdays!), the Eiffel Tower, the Champs Elysee, the Rue St HonoreŠ.
Caught a bus near the opera for Charles de Gaulle airport. Rode past cemeteries, projects, and industry. Went through at least three security checks before entering the gate area!
Returned to our real world, with the C-Ruck carry-on in fine shape! Why can’t we just travel?
Signed, Dave Fishbaugh
Whew, Dave. Hats off to the Fishbaugh family for this great travelogue through Europe. These have to be among the best photos we’ve ever received. A glacier panorama behind our carry on luggage! Cool.
Red Oxx
© Red Oxx Mfg, Inc.A surrounding the link. When clicked on, the link opens a page that looks like a legitimate Yahoo 360 sign-in page.
Yahoo is investigating the matter and will take down the Geocities Web site if it is perpetrating a scam, a Yahoo spokeswoman said. Geocities is Yahoo's free Web space service. Yahoo also will add filters to the Messenger system to prevent the malicious link from being propagated, she said.
Phishers often use smiley faces and other emoticons to make the victim feel that the IM is safe. Geocities sites are often used in phishing scams. Such scams are not new and are becoming increasingly more common.
IM users should not blindly trust links they receive even if the link comes from a trusted source or friend. Users should confirm that the person behind the IM account actually sent the link and that it is legitimate.
If you are duped, immediately change your password and notify your Yahoo IM contacts about the malicious IM. Yahoo users also can customize their Yahoo log-in page with a security seal so they will know that the site is legitimate. More information is here.Accounting Standards, Regulations and Herd Behavior
It is argued that the current accounting and risk assessment methods have played an important role in developing financial panic. Mark-tomarket models and fair value accounting seem to stand as the basis a market failure and should be replaced by more conservative accounting methods. In this paper we reject this idea, emphasizing the weaknesses of historical cost accounting and mark-to-model financial model. We put the debate in a larger perspective, pointing to the relation between accounting methods and entrepreneurial economic calculation. Also, we criticize the association between fair-value accounting and the current crisis, arguind that the latter is more likely the result of risk regulation that determined herd06-1411
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:ovi:oviste:v:10:y:2010:i:1:p:1406-14.See all Temples in Hampi
Vijaya Vittala TempleVijaya Vittala Temple,Hampi,Karnataka Phone: +91-80-22352828
AboutShri Vijayavitthala Temple is a true representative of human craftsmanship. Dedicated to Lord Vitthala or Lord Vishnu the Vijaya vitala temple is a wonderful monument situated at Hampi. Built mainly by Dravidian architecture the temple has all the stuff that a typical south Indian Temple would have.he main attraction of this temple is 56 musical pillars when tapped gently these pillars produce musical sounds. These pillars are popularly known as Musical Pillars or SAREGAMA Pillars.
Five ways to fill The Walking Dead-shaped hole in your heart
In just a few days, The Walking Dead will close up shop for another season. The finale airs March 31, and whether you're watching at home alone or attending one of the watching parties (like Not Quite Dead Sundays at Jake's Food and Spirits), it will be the last last time zombies will invade your home via AMC's hit until next October. That means a lot of newly minted zombie fans are going to be left without their undead fix for the next six months, which is a shame given how much great zombie entertainment is out there. Of course, there's even more incredibly shitty zombie content out there, so to help the uninitiated find their way in this brave new undead world, we've compiled a list of five ways to fill the Walking Dead-sized hole in your heart. Everything on this list has been recognized by our staff of zombie experts (i.e. me) as being among the very best the genre has to offer, so no matter where you start, you can't go wrong.
See also: - Event: Not So Dead Sundays: Walking Dead watch party - Denver's five best zombie moments of 2012 - Local filmmakers tackle zombie culture with Doc of the Dead
5) The Walking Dead comics You did know the show was based on a long-running, critically lauded comic series, right? Well, now you can at least pretend you did. In any case, the comics are excellent, even if you aren't a big fan of the medium. Just like the show, they're heavily serialized, so you can't just pick up a random issue and start reading: You need to go back to the beginning and start, and luckily the readily available trade paperbacks and omnibus editions make that easy. And it'll be fun, too! Not only are they at least as good as the show (yes, seriously), they also have some pretty big departures from the plot, so for everything you've already experienced, there's likely to be a new thing you haven't. The only downside? No Darryl. That character was invented for the show.
4) The Walking Dead adventure game The Walking Dead has also appeared in video-game form, naturally. Avoid the tepid, cash-in first-person shooter game Walking Dead: Survival Instinct. It's bad. What you want is Telltale Games' The Walking Dead, a five-episode "adventure horror" game set in the world of the comics. It's an engaging game that makes you a criminal seeking redemption in a zombie-filled world. This is not a shoot 'em up -- it's an emotionally engaging, story-driven game that will leave you wanting more once it's over. Fortunately, there's a second "season" on the way.
Continue reading for our top tips.
3) Classic zombie films For all intents and purposes, The Walking Dead takes place in the apocalyptic zombie universe created by George A. Romero in his classic Dead films. Seriously, the zombies look and act just like Romero's, and they have the same strengths and weaknesses. There are some minor points of divergence, but nothing major.
That means Night of the Living Dead, Dawn of the Dead, Day of the Dead and Land of the Dead can easily be seen as paralleling the zombie mayhem of the series. Take Night as a prequel that shows what it was like when it first happened, Dawn as a look at what things must have been like while Rick was in the hospital and Shane was busy making eyes at Laurie, and Day to be more or less contemporary with where the series is now, or maybe just a little further along the apocalyptic timeline. Land moves the story years down the road and offers a look at what Woodbury might evolve into, given enough time. (Note: There are remakes of all of these except Land. Without exception, you want the original, not the remake.)
Once you're done with those, his recent Diary of the Dead is a decent reboot that brings the zombie mayhem into the modern day, and although the sequel Survival of the Dead has some issues, it's not terrible. There's also Shaun of the Dead, which isn't Romero but also follows his blueprint and somehow manages to be both a great zombie film and a better romantic comedy/bromance movie than anything Judd Apatow has ever done.
2) Zombie lit Someone you know has probably told you to read Pride and Prejudice and Zombies, but fuck that gimmicky bullshit. There's only one place to start with zombie lit, and that's the work of Max Brooks. His Zombie Survival Guide is exactly what it sounds like -- a step-by-step handbook to surviving the inevitable zombie apocalypse. If Rick and Co. had read it, they'd be in so much better shape.... Equally great is his novel World War Z, which tells the story of that zombie apocalypse as an oral history. Once you're done with those, check out David Wellington's Monster Island and its sequels, and if you're in the mood for a little 24 meets The Walking Dead, try Jonathan Maberry's Patient Zero.
1) We're Alive Need a good, weekly zombie yarn that you can enjoy on your way to work, while you walk the dog or work out? We're Alive, about to start its fourth season, is a serialized zombie podcast in the style of old-time radio plays. It's a largely amateur production, so the acting can be a little rough at times, but the writing is solid, the story is engaging and it actually does a few new things with the zombie genre, while still delivering the kind of face-eating story beats you've come to know and love. Download it via iTunes or the show's website.
Related Location
3800 Walnut St.
Denver, CO 80205
Get the Arts and Theater Newsletter
Weekly information keeping you in the know when it comes to the art and theater scene. Find out about upcoming performances, exhibitions, openings and special events.
Sponsor ContentYou had to be pretty smart to navigate the waters of week 12 in the NFL and 10-wins is what it took to win the Hungry Howie’s NFL Pick ‘Em Challenge.
Week 12 winners (10 wins):
Richard Moody, Chris Crosby, Bohdan Kolody
After putting these two winners names in a hat, Chris Crosby is your week 11 winner!An April 1996 piece I wrote for HotWired on flaming.
NY Times:
"If an obscenely slow Web page download has ever made you want to destroy your computer, here's something to consider as you simmer: there's now a measurement of your misery."
Qualcomm: Eudora Pro security alert and patch.
Wired: DOJ says Microsoft is floating old ideas.Janet Jackson
In Groups: Artists for Haiti
Sort By:
Any Time, Any Place (1993)was sampled in
- Poetic Justice by Kendrick Lamar feat. Drake (2012)
- Wetter by Twista (2009)
- Love in This Club, Part II by Usher feat. Beyoncé and Lil Wayne (2008)
Got 'Til It's Gone (1997)by Janet Jackson feat. Q-Tip and Joni Mitchellsampled
- Big Yellow Taxi by Joni Mitchell (1970)
- Feel So High by Des'ree (1991)
- Find a Way by A Tribe Called Quest (1998)
- was sampled in
- Coolie High by Camp Lo (1997)
- Renee (One Dread One Bald Head Version) by Lost Boyz (1996)
- How Many Times by Tinashe feat. Future (2014)
All for You (2001)sampled
- The Glow of Love by Change (1980)
- Half an Edit by Mr. Oizo (2006)
- Honey by Saint Pepsi (2013)
- was sampled in
- Girls on Drugs by Wale and A-Trak (2014)
- I Can't Dance by Genesis (1991)
- One Nation Under a Groove by Funkadelic (1978))
Someone to Call My Lover (2001)sampled
- Ventura Highway by America (1972)
- First Gymnopédie by Erik Satie (1888)
- I Miss You More by Ta-Ku feat. Atu (2013)
-
That's the Way Love Goes (1993)sampled
- Papa Don't Take No Mess by James Brown (1974)
- Impeach the President by The Honey Drippers (1973)
- If It Don't Turn You on (You Oughta Leave It Alone) by B.T. Express (1974)
Come Back to Me (1990)was sampled in
- Bust It Baby Pt. 2 by Plies feat. Ne-Yo (2008)
- Bermuda High by Eco Virtual (2013)
- Come Back to Me by Arturo Sandoval (1999)
Kylie Minogue samples the beginning of "Control" on her "Too Much of a Good Thing" from 1991Re: New to Python...feedback?
Discussion in 'Python' started by Andy Jewell, Jun 23, 2003.
Feedback wanted about new search engineSnuffy, Apr 9, 2004, in forum: Java
- Replies:
- 1
- Views:
- 378
- Andrew Thompson
- Apr 9, 2004
New Java CMF wants your feedback!Ross Bamford, Apr 24, 2005, in forum: Java
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 406
- Ross Bamford
- Apr 24, 2005
New Website - critique/feedback requestedRichard Thoms, May 11, 2006, in forum: HTML
- Replies:
- 59
- Views:
- 1,558
- Neredbojias
- May 15, 2006
Emacs users: feedback on diffs between python-mode.el and python.el?Bruno Desthuilliers, Oct 14, 2008, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 24
- Views:
- 4,257
- Bruno Desthuilliers
- Oct 20, 2008After much speculation, ex-Millwall, Republic of Ireland, Sunderland and Wolves manager Mick McCarthy has been appointed the new boss of Ipswich Town. The Irishman had previously been linked to Championship rivals Burnley, Bolton and Crystal Palace but has put pen to paper on a three-year deal at Portman Road.
McCarthy is joined by close friend Terry Connor who has been named as assistant, Connor worked alongside McCarthy at Wolves before temporarily succeeding him towards the back end of last season.
New boss McCarthy’s managerial career has featured considerable highs as well as some damning lows, particularly at Sunderland where he guided the Black Cats to promotion in 2004 where they were crowned champions after finishing the season on an impressive 94 points.
However, the following season proved to be a hugely difficult one with Sunderland 16 points off safety with just 10 matches remaining, McCarthy was somewhat inevitably relieved of his duties at the North-East outfit, and was replaced by Roy Keane, a decision that now holds a certain irony.
Wolves soon came calling though and McCarthy set his sights on the Premier League, however, a narrow defeat in the play-offs to Midlands rivals West Brom meant it was wasn’t going to be a first season to remember. Despite narrowly missing out on the top six in his second season, McCarthy achieved automatic promotion in his third.
The Irishman then led the club to Premier League survival in his first season back in the top flight, before repeating the trick the following year securing 17th place despite a home defeat to Blackburn on a tense final day of the season.
Things would turn sour though as McCarthy was sacked as Wolves manager following a string of disappointing results which left the Molineux side languishing in the lower reaches of the table.
The no-nonsense McCarthy, labelled ‘Big Mick’ because of his towering presence, had been out of work since but has now welcomed the opportunity to return to management with the Suffolk side. Clearly enthused and excited by the new challenge, McCarthy knows full well the mammoth task that lies ahead.
The term in at the deep end springs to mind with Ipswich enduring a miserable start to the season, picking up a miserly seven points from 12 games played, consequently plummeting to the bottom of the table.
But the resolute McCarthy is not one to shy away from a challenge, in fact he is one to relish it, his managerial career has far from been a doddle having experienced many relegation scraps in the past, and fighting them with considerable success.
McCarthy’s teams often portray traits that reflect his own personality both as a person and a player. The uncompromising 53-year-old is a grafter, a workhorse, a fighter, the essence of strength and is someone who displays an unmatched passion for the game and willingness to win.
I even recall an interview with McCarthy shown on <i>Match Of The Day</i> where a reporter asked whether he believed in himself in the midst of Wolves’ poor run of form, an unmoved McCarthy’s reply was “Do you who I am? Do you know what I’m about?”
This is combined with a dry humour and an endearing personality as well as a brutal up-front honesty. Post-match interviews are always entertaining when McCarthy is involved; there is no show for the camera, no false remarks but often admittance for below-par performances and a pained, believable expression after defeats. McCarthy will also acknowledge positive performances and will give his players plaudits if he feels they warrant it.
Some fans will question the appointment, concluding that McCarthy doesn’t play attractive, on the floor football traditionally associated with Ipswich Town. Brendan Rodgers he is not, Arsene Wenger he most certainly isn’t but be assured that McCarthy is not someone who will get his teams playing a hit and hope brand of football.
You are likely to see a team who will show various components needed to win football matches. There will of course be the gritty attributes that go unappreciated. Such as organisation, endeavour, work rate, spirit, an importance of set pieces and the odd uncompromising tackle.
But combined with this will be technical ability, pace and trickery with a strike force that is likely to display a mixture of physicality and intelligence.
This has been proven by his Wolves side, Karl Henry was your ballwinner, the tough tackler, players such as Nenad Milijas and Jamie O’Hara were your sweet left footers as the likes of Michael Kightly, Stephen Hunt and in particular Matt Jarvis injected pace and creativity from the flanks.
In relation to this, with players such as Jay Emmanuel-Thomas and Lee Martin on Town’s books perhaps you will see a similar style, with the likes of Luke Hyam and Guirane N’Daw deployed in more disciplined roles.
Yes, Paul Jewell used these types of players in similar positions but Mick will know exactly how to get the best out of them, and will use these players in a system where there is a balance and cohesion about the play.
Many fans believed a young, up and coming manager was the way to go. Managers such as Karl Robinson, Paul Tisdale and Ole Gunnar Solskjaer were all names touted as potential successors to Jewell and so some supporters have been left reluctantly accepting the new appointment. Being an Ipswich fan, I must say I also believed this was the correct approach.
However, the humiliating home defeat at the hands of Sheffield Wednesday changed my outlook from viewing the potential appointment of McCarthy as a ‘he’ll do a job for us’ to a ‘Someone like McCarthy is a must’.
The situation just looks so bleak that I feel a young but ultimately unproven manager is not appropriate for the predicament we find ourselves in. Whether McCarthy will put huge effort into nurturing our young prospects remains to be seen, but he will bring a certain stability to the club and knows how to man-manage and motivate players, this has been billed as one of the key aspects the new manager must portray.
For me, the present is always more important than the future which means someone of McCarthy’s experience is crucial if we want to consolidate this season. Fans have to ask themselves if they would rather see a Town side trying to play an entertaining passing style but lose games 2-0 or play a slightly more direct, balanced style of football but win games by the odd goal. I know which one I would choose, especially when taking our league position into account.
There is also the added bonus that McCarthy has achieved promotions which is always a positive sign looking forward, though I will certainly not be getting carried away just yet. There has to be a patience and realism from Town fans and an understanding of the difficulty of the job. Besides, if Big Mick manages to keep the Blues up this season, for me it will hold the same significance as getting a club promoted.
The malaise that has surrounded Ipswich for many a year now needs a strong-minded, chin up chest out character like McCarthy to stop the rot. Too often we have seen players on big wages put in half-hearted and quite frankly unacceptable performances. There has been a lack of pride when wearing the shirt, a distinct lack of pride that has been a huge factor towards being embroiled into a relegation battle.
What seems to have transcended on the pitch seems to have also took place off it with recent events signalling the demise of the club, snaps of several members of the first team squad out partying following Paul Jewell’s sacking led to people questioning the motives of these players.
Others saw this as a non-story but the remarks made by players such as Michael Chopra on Twitter who told the fans to “get a f****** life” have been criticised by many Town fans, even those who previously thought the situation wasn’t a fuss.
Further more, on-loan midfielder Ritchie Wellens commented on how contracted Ipswich players “Didn’t care” with Wellens making the assumption that players were not hurt by losing games, a statement that bares truth and makes the appointment of McCarthy look even more astute as McCarthy seems the type of manager who will put players firmly in there place regardless of there reputations.
The goings-on at this club over the past few seasons would make even the most optimistic fan utterly dismayed. We have gone from a highly respected, family club to one who has lost identity and has looked lethargic and rather be leagued.
Things haven’t looked right from top to bottom but perhaps this is the start of something special for this football club, the board have faced high levels of criticism but perhaps Marcus Evans and Simon Clegg have finally found the right man to take this great club forward.
All the best Mick and Terry, now let's all as one start pushing this blue tractor from out the depths of this mud, it has been stuck there far too long. A fresh start.
Cheers for reading, Comments would be much appreciated.Marc Cohn
Fri, Jan 17, 2014
Times: 8 PM
Venue: Shalin Liu Performance Center
37 Main Street, Rockport, MA 01966Contact:
Rockport Music
marketingintern@rockportmusic.org
0 people saved this.
Website
Outstanding in the Field: The Ultimate al fresco Meal
Fresh food, summer weather and gorgeous scenery are a winning combination. Jim Denevan, the creator...
Search All Listings Here.Join Regia Anglorum, The Friends of Thynghowe and The Forestry Commission for our 3rd Annual Spring Thing
Celebrate the 800th Anniversary of King John and Magna Carta in the authentic backdrop of Sherwood Forest
Watch thrilling Arena Displays and visit the Living History Camp
Experience your heritage first-hand and witness the lives, the skills and the struggles of the folk who stood up to King John
This is a FREE event although standard Forestry Commission parking charges will apply - Cars £1 for the 1st hour or £4 per day
Sherwood Pines is located off the B6030 east of King's Clipstone - postcode NG21 9JL
Welcome to Thynghowe!
Why is Thynghowe so special?
Thynghowe is a Viking age assembly site in Birklands on the western edge of Sherwood Forest.
Within the woodlands surrounding Thynghowe there are features telling the stories of King Edwin of Northumbria, the royal hunting Forest, the estates of dukes and the lives of the people of this area over a period from the 7th century to World War II.
How to get involved
Walk the waymarked Thynghowe Trail through Birklands
Join us for events like our annual perambulation walk - check our events page
Check the historical features that we have identified within the Forest of Birklands on our interactive map
Take part in our projects - look at our events page to find out more about surveying, research and training. Learn new skills and contribute to our conservation work.
Become a member of the Friends of Thynghowe - click here to contact us for details.
If you can't get to Birklands - explore this website, follow us on or check our
page, spread the word and let us know what you think!
How to find us
How to contact us
Click here to email us to ask for more information, contribute to our research, comment on this site or request details of membership of The Friends of Thynghowe
Thanks to our supportersSpecial Offer | Buy one frame, get one frame 50% off. use code: BOGO50
We're sorry, this frame is currently sold out.
$169.99
Regular Price: $178.00
(1) reviews
Details
- Gender:
- Male
- Material:
- Metal
- Color:
- Gunmetal
- Spring Hinges:
- Yes
- Progressive Eligible:
- Yes
Measurements
- Lens Width:
- Lens Height:
- Bridge Width:
- Arm Length:
- 53 mm
- 29 mm
- 17 mm
- 140 mm
Size MatchHow will I know if these frames fit?
Product DescriptionRay.Trader de Forex y de acciones, ¿sabía que puede operar fácilmente en bolsas extranjeras, y hacerlo sin necesidad de utilizar…
Trader de Forex y de acciones, ¿sabía que puede operar fácilmente en bolsas extranjeras, y hacerlo sin necesidad de utilizar…
This week I’m cover the other Zelda game in the Oracle sub-series for Retro Game Friday. It’s The Legend of Zelda: Oracle of Ages!
Plot Synopsis: As with Seasons, the Triforce calls out to Link. 193 more words
August 17, 2013 – Colombo Telegraph
The. 777 more words
Sunday September 28 2008
By Dhashrath
The resettlement of Muslims evicted from the north is still in limbo with more than 125,000 persons in temporary shelters for the last 18 years. 886 more words
30/04/2014 Features, News
Wilpattu dispute: Presidential Task Force allocated lands for Muslims – Mannar DS
* Sinhalese (2.6 percent) given 378 acres after clearing scrub jungle… 398 more words
by Sithara S. Ismail – on 03/15/2011
Environmentalists have gone to courts demanding that the road connecting Mannar and Puttalam that runs through the Wilpattu National Park be permanently closed. 1,011 more words
by WATCHDOG – on 09/15/2012
“We can see how the people are suffering but who are we to tell? Nothing can be done. Who can fight against the Government? 1,158 more words.
BRiMobile
KursRupiah
Kode ATM Bersama & Prima
Kurs Bank Indo
1. BI (Bank Indonesia)
2. BCA (Bank of Central Asia).
3. Bank Mandiri.
4. BRI (Bank Rakyat Indonesia.
5. BNI (Bank Negara Indonesia).
6. CIMB NIAGA.
7. Danamon.
8. Panin.
9. BII.
10. BTN.
Soon we will add more features for the app such as adding a widget and etc.
send us an email if you found a bug or an idea to improve this app : feedback@pascalabs.com
SMS Banking Bank Jatim
SMS Jatim menyediakan fleksiblitas dan kemudahan, sehingga nasabah dapat melakukan transaksi perbankan dimana saja dan kapan saja.
Fitur – fitur dari SMS Jatim adalah sebagai berikut:
1. Informasi (Suku Bunga, Saldo Rekening, Mutasi Rekening)
2. Transfer (Overbooking, Transfer ke Bank Lain)
3. Pembayaran (Telco Postpaid, PDAM, PLN, Pajak, Pendidikan, dll)
4. Pembelian (Voucher Telco, Voucher Listrik)
Untuk mengaktifkan SMS Banking anda cukup ke ATM Bank Jatim dan kantor Bank Jatim terdekat.
Untuk informasi lebih lanjut, silahkan hubungi Call Center kami di 14044 atau (031) 5310090
*Biaya SMS tergantung pada operator selular Anda.
More from developer
SMS Banking PaidOctober 12 2013
4:49 PM
Ishikawa in hunt after hole-out
By Sean Martin, PGATOUR.COM
SAN MARTIN, Calif. -- Another contender has holed out for eagle on a par-4 in the Frys.com Open's third round. Ryo Ishikawa holed out for eagle on the par-4 10th hole to move to 10 under par, three shots behind leader Brooks Koepka.
Ishikawa holed out from 99 yards on No. 10. He started the day at 6 under par and made the turn in 2-under 33. Ishikawa, 22, has finished in the top 10 in his past three starts, the final three events of the Web.com Tour Finals. His good play there allowed him to regain his TOUR card after finishing 141st in the FedExCup last season.
Ishikawa has five top-10s in 67 PGA TOUR starts.…or rather, “someone else pays for it.”
My Team Fortress 2 buddies have seriously gotten into Mann vs. Machine mode, and I was recruited as a reliable Engineer. I spent somewhere in the neighborhood of $10 on tickets and a backpack expander. I certainly don’t begrudge Valve the money, given how much play time I have gotten from TF2.
The last time we completed a tour, I received a professional sniper rifle killstreak kit. For non-TF2 people, that is a fancy cosmetic item that attaches to the standard weapon for a popular class, but it takes a bunch of other resources to use it. And, to my shock, it sells for about $50 on the Steam market. Mine sold for that in about a week, which netted enough in my Steam wallet to pay for my initial cost, then all the MvM tickets I am likely to use this year, and then a game or two besides.
I am happy to take the sponsorship, although I am shaky on why one might spend that much on one component for one cosmetic item for one weapon for one class in a game. Maybe it is a really nice cosmetic item. As it is, there are apparently people who are willing to sponsor me to play games with my friends and get bonus items, as long as they get one of the rarer bonus items. Pro circuit it’s not, but deal.
: Zubon
4 thoughts on “It Pays for Itself”
I did this in magic the gathering online for quite a while – after a initial investment in cards I found you could sell the rares you didn’t care for for in game tickets – the tickets could be used to buy packs or play tourneys – if you were smart about your card pickups and watched the market you could pretty much keep getting packs without spending cash.
well, looks like $50 was quite cheap:
Indeed, looks like I could have posted higher and waited. Ah well, should have looked at more market history. More sponsorship in the future, woo!
I find this to be true in most P2W games as well. Once you invest ‘enough’, you are so powerful that the mid-range power items you get as rewards can be sold to further fund your climb in power.
And while not legal, cashing out a high-powered account easily gets you your money back, if not far more.janesadventuresindinner.com
Slowcooker Spring Chicken and Dumplings
merrytummy.blogspot.co.uk
Veg Manchurian (dry and with gravy): Indo Chinese: Street Food. You have to try this -Period!
Fresh pork and string beans dumplings in a minute, super delicious and easy!
This version of Chicken and Dumplings is EASY! Made with refrigerated dough! Done in less than 40 minutes and sooo delicious!
thai-foodie.com
Thai Rice Porridge with Pork Dumplings | Jok
Chinese dumplings or JiaoZi 饺子
Homemade gnocchi is lighter and fluffier than anything you will ever buy from a store!
Small sticky rice balls with Mango smoothie--a popular summer Chinese dessert! Developed from Thai cuisine as coconut milk is added!
lisaiscooking.blogspot.com
Semolina Cavatelli with Rabbit Ragu
Mushroom Gyoza
Mantou - Steamed Buns. These steamed soft and fluffy buns are perfect with noodle soups or any Chinese dish.
Vegan Potstickers with Shiitakes, Cabbage and Scallions. Perfect Vegan Party Food!!
bowloffoodwithash.blogspot.com
Gulab Jamun - deep fried dumplings made with milk powder soaked in sugar syrup.
trickytine.com
German Dampfnudeln - yeast dumplings - with a salted caramel bottom. they can be served with browned butter, vanilla sauce or seasonal fruit compote. (blogpost in german
Chicken & Vegetables Wonton Wrapper. Easy and delicious appetizer. Find the special sauce recipe here!
thirstyfortea.com
Azuki Bunny Buns. Fluffy, soft, steamed buns filled with red bean paste. Serve with Japanese green tea for a springtime snack!
The recipe for authentic Japanese Gyoza filled with pork, cabbage and shiitake mushrooms and served with a delicious dipping sauce.
PaleA Kentucky power cooperative had plans to burn more coal. Local residents instead demanded cleaner energy and greater efficiency—and won.
For one man looking back from the year 2055, it seems clear that we should have dealt with climate change as soon as we noticed it.
The UN placed a moratorium on experiments that try to manipulate the Earth’s climate.
Hours before the oil giant released its new ad campaign, the Yes Men released their own version.
Photo essay: Scenes from the 10/10/10 Global Work Party.
How to bring this weekend’s global work party to your town.
The White House’s decision to install solar panels will give a boost to 10/10/10, this weekend’s global work party in support of climate solutions.
The climate crisis at the end of your fork and what you can do about it
On the front lines in the fight against coal
We’re facing a very different world than the one we knew. Here’s what people are doing to prepare …
How the cap-and-cash-back bill can clear a deadlocked Senate–and make most Americans better off.
Citizens argue that generating jobs shouldn't mean derailing climate action.
An open letter from the Rainforest Action Network, Greenpeace USA, and 350.org: What will it take to finally get serious about climate change?
The Pakistani people need our help. Here’s what we can do today, and how to reduce the number of future disasters.
As marketers learn to fake climate-friendly food, how do we spot the real thing? Anna Lappé says it's a question of values.You are currently signed in as .
0 Items in Your Cart
Vault Guides are THE source for insider insight on career information and employer reviews. Shop Vault Guides
Industries & Professions /
/
Foreign Trade
Four basic business arrangements govern the trade of goods and services across national borders. The most basic arrangement is the single trade transaction. For example, someone in Florida has a shipment of orange juice to sell abroad. That seller either hires someone to find a buyer or personally finds someone who would like to purchase the shipment of orange juice. A buyer is found in France, a contract is signed after legal matters are settled, and the orange juice is shipped abroad. In the single trade transaction, there is only one contract and one shipment.
Are you a student? You may have free access to Vault's premium content.
Contact your Career Center, Alumni Office or Library to find out more.Garden Valley residents told Wash fire should be out by July 30
GARDEN VALLEY, Idaho (KBOI) - About 80 Garden Valley residents showed up to hear the latest on the Wash fire that started from lightning strikes Monday. It's the biggest fire within the Whiskey Fire Complex, and is the one causing temporary evacuations in the area.
Fire officials told homeowners that the fire is moving south. Crews say they are trying to cut it off at the top of a ridge by carving out a fire line with a bulldozer.
The Boise National Forest crews say they have 12 helicopters working the fire with water and retardant. Crews say about 70 homes are under voluntary evacuation; 10 in Pioneerville, and 60 on the South Fork Payette River Road.
Homeowners at the meeting were worried about the winds shifting on them and heading back to their homes; they said the wind shift is common in these parts. Homeowner Richard Goetsch said, "It was directly on top of the ridge burning up, it was burning away from us which we liked but yea we'd like to see it just go out."
Fire crews were expecting high winds Tuesday but said Mother Nature cooperated and those didn't come. They are extremely happy about their work to keep flames away from homes, and report there have been no structures damaged.
"We've just seen in the past the fire looks like it's under control, the wind kicks up to 40 mph and just all hell breaks loose,' Goetsch said.
Just in case the winds do shift, firefighters said they have structure specialists in place on Friday to step in. That's something residents in the area said they feel relieved about.
"I thought the people did a great job and I feel we're in really good hands," Garden Valley resident, Bob King said.
The sheriff wanted to make sure all the residents were signed up for CodeRED, which is an evacuation notification system. He said he was worried only 15 were on board so far.
A note to users about commenting changesby Administrator
Posted on 11.10.2012
share this.
Not already a part of our community? Sign up to participate in the discussion. It's free and quick.
Web Design Firm 03-12-2013 7:17 AM
Ryan thank you for the great attack descriptions and the solutions to deal with them.
Security Direct 12-03-2013 3:43 AM
These tips are very valuable I'll follow them to make more security of my website online.
Compuchenna 01-23-2014 12:30 PM
The internet is increasing in popularity every day, so it's expected that criminals would take to the internet to carry out their deeds. I think people should be aware of the risks of buying online and using social media platforms, to an extent, at least. As it will go a long way.
beaded medical alert bracelets 07-21-2014 3:30 PM
This is very educational content written well for a change. It's nice to see that some people still understand how to write a quality post.!
fashion medical alert bracelets 07-21-2014 3:33 PM
Positive site, where did u come up the information on this posting? I'm pleased I discovered it though, ill be checking back soon to find out what additional posts you include.
seo blog uk 11-29-2014 10:23. 03-08-2015 3:47 AM
It will be ideal to say that you accompanied great elegantly composed articles. 05-15-2015 4:22 PM
Wish I had discovered this web journal some time recently.Much thanks to you for posting this. I simply discovered this web journal and have high trusts in it to proceed.
How to spy on someones whatsapp 05-17-2015 4:15 AM
Great article is worth everyone to learn! We will be keeping it up and have spare time out to see. I think it is fundamental.
warframe platinum hack direct download 05-17-2015 11:53 AM
Intriguing post and I truly like your thoughts on the issue. I now Have a reasonable thought on what this matter is about. Much obliged to you to such an extent.
Design Ideas for Rockstar Apps
Go-To List for Local Listing Management Tools
Getting What You Want from a Web Design Company
View all...Los Altos, CAUSA
94024
Hometown:
Los Altos
March 13, 2010.
2,281 Portuguese Speakers
1,140 Genre Film Fans
157 Eighties Music Lovers
4,270 Music Lovers
2,048 Adventure Travelers
2,256 SalsaCrazies
Meetup members, Log in
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicySn!
Leave a Reply Cancel reply”
Having never stooped to the level of finding a need to watch “Jersey Shore”, I can’t really comment on the character of Ms. Snooki. I will, however, say a little something about the above photo. Here it is. At least there is circumstantial evidence that people interested in the depicted books can still read. I reckon, that since the books are not open, they may be completely filled with pictures. And now, if you will excuse me, I am going to shuffle on down to the public library to…well, you know.
If you think it’s ironic to score out things that you were ‘really thinking’ to be funny or clever, try not to do it eight times in three sentences. Satire isn’t witty, or even readable, if it’s repeated and repeated and repeated…
Just saying.
Thanks for your thoughts. While I don’t know what “score out” means, I do appreciate your sense of humor by using “repeated and repeated and repeated”. I’m not sure of the math here, but if the first time I repeat something it doubles, then doubles again, we’re up to four times. I apparently repeated agin for an impressive total of eight in only four sentences! I’m sure Snooki herself would be impressed, but you said I did it in just three so I don’t know which sentence is “repeat” free.ARCATA -- Consistency is often recognized.
Just ask teh Jacks.
Humboldt State's Colton Russi and Chris Campbell have been named Great Northwest Athletic Conference Players of the Week for their performances in the Jacks' 24-20 win over Azusa Pacific on Saturday.
Russi, a linebacker from Meadow Vista, returned to the Jacks' lineup for the first time since suffering a leg injury four weeks ago. The junior's big hits and team-leading nine tackles helped the Lumberjacks keep Azusa Pacific from scoring in the second half, preserving the Jacks' win on the road.
Campbell, HSU's punter, averaged 40.8 yards on eight punts, including a long of 51 yards. The sophomore from Granite Bay placed two punts inside the 20-yard line and didn't have a touchback.
The Jacks continue GNAC action Saturday when the host Dixie State for homecoming. Game time in Redwood Bowl is scheduled for 6 p.m.- Exchange: Natl India
- Sector: Consumer Discretionary
- Industry: Apparel & Textile Products
- Sub-Industry: Textile & Textile Products
Arihant Threads Ltd+ Add to Watchlist
AHTH:IN
Trading has been suspended for AHTH:IN
Snapshot for Arihant Threads Ltd (AHTH)
Stock Chart for AHTH
- AHTH:IN 2.20
2.20
…
Previous Close
- 1W
- 1M
- YTD
- 1Y
- 3Y
- 5Y
Open: High: Low:Volume:
Recently Viewed Symbols
Save as Watchlist
Saving as watchlist... Link
Recommended Symbols:
Advertisement
AHTH News
Industry News
No stories found
- 1
- 2
- 3
- 4
- 5
Advertisement
Sponsored Links
AdvertisementsBelfast Briefing: skills shortage in North is not being properly addressed
- Financial Services
- March 10, 2015, 01:00
Unemployed graduates in the North will get a chance to apply this week for a place at a contemporary pop-up style academy that promises the prospect o(...)
Man arrested after stabbing in Belfast college
- Crime & Law
- May 22, 2014, 16:16
Young people have described their terror as a stabbing incident unfolded inside a Belfast college today.Two men in their 20s were injured during the v(...)
Organisers cancel Stormont beauty pageant after outcry from politicians
- Irish News
- October 23, 2013, 14:31
Plans to hold the Miss Ulster competition in parliament buildings at Stormont have been pulled in the wake of an outcry from some politicians. Assembl(...)
Belfast Titanic Quarter offices planned in £20m project
- Commercial Property
- September 5, 2013, 09:09
Titanic Quarter Limited has lodged a full planning application for major new offices which are portrayed as the “largest new commercial development” p(...)- MAGAZINE
- TOPICS
- Residential Market
- Light Commercial Market
- Commercial Market
- Refrigeration
- Indoor Air Quality
- Ventilation
- Components & Accessories
- Residential Controls
- Commercial Controls
- Testing, Monitoring, Tools
- Services, Apps & Software
- Standards & Legislation
- EXTRA EDITION
- NEWS
- PRODUCTS
- COLUMNS
- EXCLUSIVES
- RESOURCES
- MULTIMEDIA
NEW YORK - Goodway Technologies Corp. hosted a gathering at the world famous Rainbow Room in the Radio City Suite at 30 Rockefeller Plaza Wednesday night. Food, beverage, and good conversation carried the evening.
From left, Goodway President Timothy Kane talks with guests Ron Jerman and John Lemminn in front of the spectacular view.iMPACT! Results - 6/8/06 (Sting vs. Steiner, Joe gets in brawl & more) Reported by Ryan Droste of WrestleView.com On Friday, June 9, 2006 at 4:02 AM EST Full TNA iMPACT! Results – 6/8/06 Taped From: Orlando, FloridaCommentators: Mike Tenay & Don WestReport by: Ryan Droste of WrestleView.com-The show starts with highlights from last week's show.-Sting talks backstage. He addresses Steiner, whom said Sting has been lucky. Sting says this isn't his first match tonight and it won't be his last either. He says it's showtime.-Steiner is with Jarrett and Borash. Jarrett tells it is do or die time. He says he brought Steiner here for this oppurtunity, and he wants him to take Sting out tonight. Steiner says it can be anyone on the roster, he walks the world pissed off, but tonight's it's going to be Sting.-The Impact opening airs. -Steiner is shown backstage walking towards the entranceway. He makes his entrance, and then Sting is shown walking towards the entrance backstage.King of the Mountain QualifierSting vs. Scott Steiner w/ Gail KimThey start off locking up, with Steiner pushing Sting in the corner and then nailing a knee to the gut and some chops. Sting fights back with chops and kicks. Sting nails a back elbow to Steiner coming off the ropes. Sting throws Steiner to the outside. They fight on the outside, with Sting throwing him into the guardrail. Sting grabs a chair and nails Steiner with it. Earl Hebner is reffing the match by the way. Steiner is thrown into the chair on top of the broadcast table. Sting drops Steiner across the guard rail. LAX is shown at the Spanish broadcast table, doing their protest. Back in the ring, Steiner nails a low blow with a kick as we go to commercial.--COMMERCIAL BREAK--Steiner is now on the offensive. He throws Sting into the ropes and hits a clothesline. Steiner then drops an elbow. Steiner with a belly to belly suplex followed by a 2 count. Steiner then puts on the Crippler Crossface. Sting eventually rises to his feet and breaks the hold. Steiner quickly sends him back down with a kick and forearm shots. Steiner with an overhead release suplex. Steiner sets Sting up on the top rope. He climbs up with him and goes for a superplex, but Sting fights him off. Sting nails some right hands and bites his head. Steiner falls to the mat, and Sting comes off the top with a clothesline. Both men slowly get to their feet. Sting with some right hand shots. Sting with a series of clotheslines and a dropkick. Sting with a body slam. Sting then hits a Vader Bomb splash off the middle rope. 2 count. Sting with an inverted atomic drop. Sting nails the Stinger Splash, but Earl Hebner also got taken out with it. Gail Kim gets in the ring and jumps on Sting's back. Sting throws her off. Jarrett runs out. He nails Sting with a kick to the gut and hits the Stroke. Steiner crawls over and makes the cover. Hebner is still down. Ref Slick Johnson runs out and makes the 2 count, as Sting kicks out. Steiner with a suplex, he rolls and goes for another, but Sting floats over and nails the Scorpion Death Drop. He makes the cover, but Jarrett pulls Slick Johnson out of the ring. Jarrett then holds Sting at the ropes from behind. Steiner goes to punch him, but Sting moves and he nails Jarrett. Sting rolls up Steiner, but Jarrett makes the save. Hebner calls for the bell. Sting takes out Jarrett and Steiner with a double clothesline as the bell rings. The announcement is made that Sting has won by DQ.Winner: Sting via DQ-As Sting celebrates, Jarrett ambushes him from behind. He and Steiner work over Sting with stomps. Jarrett screams at Sting, as Steiner continues to pummel him. Ron Killings runs out to make the save. He nails Steiner and hits Jarrett with a twisting flying forearm. Abyss runs out. Killings fights him off with rapid fire right hands. He takes him out with the axe kick. Jarrett then ambushes Killings from behind. Abyss then works over Killings on the mat. Sting and Killings are now getting worked over good before Christian runs out. He fights off the three heels and cleans house. Sting, Killings and Christian stand in the ring staring at Jarrett, Steiner and Abyss as they retreat away. Steiner gets on the mic and says he is not leaving until someone comes and tries to stop him. He's mad that he got DQed.--COMMERCIAL BREAK---Steiner is now in the ring by himself with a mic. Someone tries to come down the ramp for a match. Steiner tells him he has no match unless he wants to get killed. Steiner screams for Larry Zbyszko to come out. Instead, Samoa Joe's theme comes on and he he comes down the ramp to the ring. He gets right up in Steiner's face. Steiner tells him not to eyeball him. Steiner pushes him in the face. Joe turns back to Steiner, and Steiner does it again. This time they go at each other as Joe turns around. They exchange punches as tons of security runs out to break them up. They fight through at least 10 security guards and still go at it. Security eventually breaks them apart, but they quickly break away and go at it again. It goes back and forth as security tries to seperate them over and over. -A new Paparazi Productions video airs with Kevin Nash and Alex Shelley. Nash has some kind of chart on a big piece of paper. He says last week, Chris Sabin fell right into the trap. He mocks Sabin. The big poster Nash has made says "3 Keys of Life." There is then a pie chart under that title, with half of the circle being "Game Plan Sabin." The other half is divide in two sections that read "Warm-Up Match with Sabin Type Star" and "Scouting Sabin." He says later on tonight, they will go to step 2 and scout Sabin's match. He says the last thing, next week he will have a warm-up match with a Sabin type star. He asks Shelley to go out and find him an opponent that is similar to Sabin. One that dresses, wrestles, and looks like him. He wants a clone. Nash then turns the page and this paper says "Next Week on Impact only on SpikeTV. The X-Division debut of Kevin Nash vs. X Division Star. Size Matters on a Pole Match" Shelley chants, "Let's Go Nash!" Nash says the match, a Size Matters on a Pole match, is his specialty. --COMMERCIAL BREAK---Borash is following Larry Z backstage. Borash says he heard the fans, they want to see it, so we have to have Steiner vs. Joe at Slammiversary. Larry says we can't do that so fast, there are alot of decisions into making a match. Slick Johnson runs up and says he has "big news." He says we will have a decision on the Joe vs. Steiner match within the hour. Larry says he can't do that within an hour. Johnson says he doesn't have to, the "new guy" is here and he's going to do it for him. Sonjay Dutt vs. Jerrelle ClarkKonnan comes over to West and Tenay to join in on commentary. He remarks about them having it much better at their announce position than they do at the Spanish table. Dutt puts on a standing headlock. He comes off the roeps and nails a shoulder block. Konnan is going on about being underappreciated. Dutt with a body slam. Konnan says no Mexicans are in positions of power around here. Clark comes back on the offensive, but it is shortlived. Dutt puts on a strangelooking submission hold. Clark throws him off into the corner. Dutt comes back with some punches, but CLark rakes the eyes and snaps off a head scissors takeover. Clark puts on a submission around the middle rope. Konnan says that TNA is stealing from Mexico. He says the X Division is a ripoff of Lucha Libre. He says Tenay should tell the viewers that this "octagon ring" originated in AAA in Mexico. West corrects him and says this ring is a hexagon. Dutt nails a springboard missile dropkick. Dutt with a back elbow. Dutt with an atomic drop followed by a dropkick. Dutt nails a springboard leg drop off the middle ropes. Dutt floats out of the corner, but Clark catches him and throws him down. Clark comes off the top with a 630 splash attempt, but Dutt moves. Dutt takes him out with a dropkick to the legs, followed by a kick to the back of the head. Dutt then hits a back flip splash and makes the cover for the pinfall.Winner: Sonjay Dutt-Konnan continues to talk about the inequities. -Nash and Shelley are shown walking towards the entranceway backstage as we go to commercial.--COMMERCIAL BREAK---A video is shown of Team 3D at the former ECW Arena in Philly. Brother Ray quotes "Welcome to the Jungle." He says this is the bingo hall where Team 3D was born. He says this place reminds him of the impact zone. Passionate fans who know what they want and are not affraid to voice their opinions. He says they are going to mix some old school with their new attitude in their match with the James Gang at Slammiversary. Devon says "Thou shall not mess with Team 3D." They then each light a match and throw it on the floor, where lighter fluid has been spilled to form "3D." it ignites in flames. Team Canada (Bobby Roode, Eric Young & A-1 Ralphz) w/ Scott D'Amore vs. Chris Sabin & The James Gang (Kip & BG James)D'Amore is in a workout suit, trying to get into shape for Slammiversary. BG addresses Team 3D before the match. He says they are not jealous they never wrestled in a bingo hall. He says the good news is they are coming to the bingo hall. BG and A1 start off the match. BG hits some punches and a boot to the face. He then hits a knee drop to the chest. A1 gets in a cheap shot. Roode and Kip are tagged in. Roode with some right hands. Roode hits a shoulder block. Kip comes back with one of his own. Kip with a dropkick. Kip with a hip toss on A1 and a press slam on Young. Sabin is tagged in. Young rakes him in the eyes. Young had been tagged in with a blind tag. Nash and Shelley come up on a lift behind the stands. They elevate high enough to where they are higher than the stands and can see. Sabin with a couple arm drags. Sabin with a wrist drag. Sabin with a head scissors takeover. Sabin looks at Nash and Shelley and yells. He gets taken out from behind by Young. --COMMERCIAL BREAK--A1 is tagged in and hits Sabin in the gut. A1 with some shoulder smashes to the gut of Sabin in the corner. Young comes in now. He hits a back elbow to Sabin coming off the ropes. Young puts on a front headlock on the mat. Sabin fights to his feet and makes the tag to BG. The ref didn't see it. Roode is tagged in. He chokes Sabin across the bottom rope. D'Amore spits on Sabin. Roode with a body slam. Roode comes off the middle rope with a knee drop. 2 count. Roode puts on a chinlock. Sabin breaks the hold with some elbows, but Roode quickly throws him back down to the mat hard. A1 is tagged in. He whips Sabin to the corner and comes in with a clothesline. 2 count. Young makes the bling tag as A1 gives a backbreaker to Sabin. Young comes off the top with an elbow. Kip makes the save during the pinfall attempt. Roode now comes in the match and chokes at Sabin on the mat. Sabin fights back exchanging shots with Roode. Roode hits him in the eye and tags in Young. Young charges into the corner, but Sabin nails a kick. Sabin with an enziguiri. Kip is tagged in. He cleans house on Team Canada. He throws Young to the outside. He clotheslines Roode in the corner then splashes A1 in the other corner. Kip with a tiltawhirl slam on Roode. A1 hits Kip from behind. BG comes in to work on A1. Sabin nails a suicide dive to the outside on Young. Kip misses a splash in the corner on Roode. Roode nails a running Stone Cold Stunner on Kip. D'Amore tosses a flag to Roode. He gets ready to use it, but Rhino runs out and fights with him. Roode and Rhino fight to the outside. Kip nails the Famouser on A1. Sabin is then tagged and nails a legdrop off the top and gets the pinfall.Winners: Chris Sabin & The James Gang-Sabin looks to Nash and Shelley after the match, yelling at them to bring it on. Nash and Shelley lower on the lift and vanish behind the stands. Christy Hemme then makes her way down the ramp. She goes to the announce position and pulls an envelope out of her boot. West opens it and announces that the new face of TNA management, who will be seen at Slammiversary, has made the match of Samoe Joe vs. Scott Steiner at Slammiversary. -A video package to the "Adrenaline Rush" song is shown with highlights of tonight's show. Closing Thoughts: Another very good show. The main event wasn't as good as last week's, but the real main event that opened the show (Sting vs. Steiner) was a pretty good match. I liked the way that they showed each wrestler walking towards the entrance backstage to give it a big match feel. I have to say I have been pleasantly surprised, for the most part, with Steiner's work in the ring thus far in TNA. This show again flowed very well. It didn't have the old rushed feeling that Impact used to be plagued with. Three matches is definitely the perfect number for them per show, as the matches are given enough time to develop for a TV match and they still have time for the other segments. The video package of Team 3D returning to the old ECW Arena was good, although I have to say that I don't think they promoted the live event coming up Friday at the arena well enough. They should have said some more about it, but the only mention was BG James saying the James Gang is headed there. Only the most informed TNA fans would have known what he was talking about was an upcoming TNA house show at the "bingo hall." I'm sure they will show highlights of the Philly show on an upcoming Impact, though. Joe and Steiner's face-off was tremendous, and they have really done a good job building up the match between the two. The fans are legitimately hot to see this match. I also have to say that even though I'm one of the people that thinks it's a little risky putting Nash in an angle with the heart and soul of TNA, the X-Division, he and Shelley are really good together on camera. Their segments have been entertaning, now let's hope the angle plays out well in the end whenever that may be. Slammiversary is shaping up to be one of the better PPVs this year.Altruism and Innovation in Health Care
The joint presence of technological change and consumption externalities is central to health care industries around the world, because medical innovation drives the expansion of the health care sector and altruism seems to motivate many public subsidies. Although traditional economic analysis has proposed well-known remedies to deal with consumption externalities and inefficient technological change in isolation, it lacks clear principles for addressing them jointly. We argue that standard remedies to each of the two problems are inadequate. Focusing on U.S. health care, we provide illustrative calculations of the dynamic inefficiency in the level of research and development (R&D) spending when innovators are unable to appropriate the altruistic surplus of nonconsumers. We calibrate that altruistic gains amount to about a quarter of consumer surplus in the baseline scenario and that R&D spending may be underprovided by as much as 60: 497 - 518
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:ucp:jlawec:doi:10.1086/648383..Stomach Ulcer Basics Cara Memperbesar Otot
Affecting millions of Americans every year, a stomach ulcer is Cara Memperbesar Otot a raw, open area from the normal lining on the stomach. Stomach ulcers obtain particular name depending on the exact place in the ulcer. As an example, a duodenal or peptic ulceration is often a stomach ulcer found in the first foot of small intestines past the stomach. A gastric ulcer in located in the stomach itself. Although duodenal or peptic ulcers are almost always benign, it is important to bear in mind gastric or stomach ulcers is usually malignant. Close medical management is vital.
A protective layer of mucus producing cells stop the stomach from being Cara Memperbesar Otot destroyed by normal digestive juices and stomach acids.
However, when there is an opportunity in that protective layer trouble can Cara Memperbesar Otot occur. A stomach ulcer takes place when the gastric or intestinal mucosal lining with the stomach is destroyed by hydrochloric acid, an acid that’s normally specific to the digestive juices on the stomach.
Another root cause of ulcers, particularly gastric and duodenal ulcers, is usually a bacterial Cara Memperbesar Otot infection generally known as Helicobacter pylori or H. pylori. The helicobacter pylori bacterium can be transmitted individually for each person through contaminated water and food and is also addressed with antibiotics.Member since October 28, 2011
Right now, I'm reading:
dead in the water
My favorite story of all time is:
harrypotter outsiders
In bed I like to read:
YAOI
Besides SMITH, I read stories at:
wattpad fanfiction.net fictionpress.net inkpop.net
If you were to throw up your hands in exasperation and yell "it's the story of my life," what would you be talking about?
what has happen
©2005 - 2014 Six Words, LLCRutgers Has Seriously Beefed Up LGBT Inclusion Since 2010
Tyler Clementi's suicide opened the nation's eyes to homophobic bullying, but no place was deeply impacted as Rutgers University, the New Jersey institution where Clementi had just started his freshman year. Since Clementi's death, the school has vastly improved its LGBT outreach and extracurricular efforts.
According to The New York Times, Rutgers Center for Social Justice Education and L.G.B.T. Communities' budget has expanded from $45,000 the year Clementi died, 2010, to $70,000 today.
And campus participation too has become a cornerstone of the University's fight against anti-gay attitudes:
...Today, gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender students and their supporters can choose from four specialized housing options, three of them new, ranging from a service to pair them with like-minded roommates to Rainbow Perspectives, a floor in a residence hall organized around common interests. They can now turn for support to the 130 staff and faculty members who have been trained as official campus liaisons, or to the graduates of a new training program for “allies,” whose inaugural session is already booked to capacity. This year’s edition of a handbook that lists campus resources for “queer issues” is 92 pages long.
And this week, Campus Pride, an organization that rates schools based on the inclusiveness of their policies, upgraded Rutgers’s main campus in New Brunswick to the maximum rating, five stars. Out of the 32 possible categories in which a school can distinguish itself, Rutgers scored in 31.
Though there's no way to completely eradicate homophobia, it's clear that the inclusive culture is gaining ground, and outright anti-gay sentiments are clearly becoming less socially acceptable. "A lot of people who might be homophobic probably won’t say so because of the consequences they can see can happen," said Robert S. Goopio, president of the school's gay fraternity, Delta Lambda Phi.
Perhaps the most telling manifestation of an increasingly aware campus is the consistent run on "ally" lapel buttons being provided by the Social Justice Center. They're being snatched up faster than the school can make them.
Well its about time, eh. Wish we could do that for the society at large.
Posted by: terryp | Sep 22, 2012 11:43:14 AM
Good for them, although its sad that it took a senseless suicide to push Rutgers into taking more robust approaches to LGBT Inclusion on their campus
Posted by: Terry | Sep 22, 2012 12:50:41 PM
Well, this is good, but the Clementi/Ravi story still leaves me unsatisfied. Ravi's words and actions would have had little effect on Clementi had Clementi not been, as per his own parent's admission, been brought up in an anti-gay church. and living in a country where grown adults in politics spout anti-gay bigotry to rapturous applause from their loyal lemmings.
similarly, those factors contributed to the mindset of Ravi.
i know there was a lot of satisfaction gained, by some people, in Ravi being punished for this. but the sad reality is the ROOT of the problem was not even remotely addressed.
in a culture that is not overwhelmingly anti-gay Ravi's words and actions would have been meaningless nonsense in a vacuum - the words of a no-nothing brat. the reason they carried so much impact on Clementi is because he, like all of us at some point, didn't have the hope that being a gay man in this world culture would ever be something he could embrace and find joy in.
Posted by: LittleKiwi | Sep 22, 2012 2:25:21 PM
@LITTLEKIWI, you are correct (as often you are), the NYTimes story about his mother leaving their church substantiates that. The best we can hope for is multitudes of positive, thoughtful, uplifting role models who are gay or straight-allies to step forward daily and make the news. Cultural shifts are what is necessary, absolutely. DADT repeal is part of it, DOMA repeal is another. They are moral and inevitable. And that is what frightens those who rant here and in public.
Posted by: shane | Sep 22, 2012 4:05:12 PM
This is good news. Culture doesn't change by government diktat but by small incremental actions taken by individuals and organizations. Governments at all levels should do their part to ensure equality but the actions taken by Rutgers could well set a standard for other colleges.
Posted by: Hue-Man | Sep 22, 2012 4:42:23 PM
Having attended Rutgers in the early 2000s, I'm surprised how little is mentioned about how LGBT-friendly the school was prior to the Clementi suicide. I had a homophobic roommate my freshman year that Housing immediately transferred out of the room as soon as a complaint was made. No fuss, no muss. One one of the campuses, there was an entire dorm that was considered ultra socially liberal where it was completely cool to be trans, hippy, video gamer, nerd, jock, stoner, whatever. It was extremely welcoming to everyone that sought a place to belong.
There were at least 3 LGBT groups on campus that I knew of and participated in. The academic departments were extremely no-nonsense when it came to LGBT being a choice or not. There was no debate and there was no "teaching the controversy." Rutgers is a huge research school with the best Genetics program on the East Coast, so you could say they have a very well-informed position on the matter.
I came out to quite a few of my professors and deans and it was no different than admitting I was more of a fan of hockey than football.
The Clementi tragedy is not the story of what it's like to be LGBT at Rutgers. It's the story of what happens when you don't seek help.
Posted by: Iko | Sep 22, 2012 5:34:39 PM
Just from my perspective as an alum of RC 2010, the Clementi suicide only brought press to the moves made to the LGBTQ community at Rutgers. It didn't take a tragedy to get more groups on campus, but it did help with the public knowledge of said groups. The fraternity was new in 2008, for one. W
Posted by: Russell | Sep 22, 2012 8:19:03 PM
What a change from when I was in College in the late-70's. To be "outed" typically meant being expelled at-best...and forcibly "hospitalized" or arrested at-worse. Even being seriously-suspected of being gay had it's dangers...not so-much from the students, but definitely from the school administration and the Dean of Students. And gay sex was still technically a felony, though seldom enforced. ...Although you might get sent to the mental hospital for "observation" by your parents or the authorities.
We had to sneak off to a gay disco in the next county, or the nearest gay bar an hour's drive from campus...and you pretended to not-know anyone you saw there from school back on-campus. Things changed radically just after I graduated in the early-1980s when a new University President was installed and he forced into retirement the school's homophobic Dean of Student.
What a change from then to now...
Posted by: Ted B. (Charging Rhino) | Sep 23, 2012 11:12:04 AM
To second Iko's comment: I was at Rutgers a little before him and lived in the ultra-liberal dorm he describes (go Demarest!). In fact, living in that dorm was a major factor in my choosing to attend Rutgers in the first place. Yes, there were a few homophobes at the school of 35,000, but by and large the university was extremely accepting of all. We had a number of very-active LGBT organizations on campus. I'm saddened to think that this tragedy has painted Rutgers as a university that in any way tolerated discrimination or harassment. Once a friend of mine jokingly wrote in chalk under my dorm window "Blowjobs 5 cents" and it took everything in my power to convince the Residence Life staff that this was indeed _not_ a homophobic/bias incidence that required discipline, and was just a joke by my friend that I was in no way offended by.
Y'know, except for the fact that my blowjobs are worth _at least_ a quarter.
Posted by: PaulN | Sep 23, 2012 1:28:29 PMBorn: 8-Jul-1958Birthplace: Philadelphia, PA
Gender: MaleRace or Ethnicity: WhiteSexual orientation: StraightOccupation: Actor, MusicianParty Affiliation: Democratic
Nationality: United StatesExecutive summary: Everybody cut Footloose
After high school, Kevin Bacon worked Philadelphia's Manning Street Actor's Theatre, and from there to New York's Circle-in-the-Square Theater School. In his first film role, he was "Chip" in Animal House, being spanked as part of his initiation. During filming, though, to keep the characters in character, Bacon and the other actors playing straight-laced college kids were not allowed to fraternize with fraternity brothers John Belushi, Tim Matheson, Tom Hulce et al., even off camera.
He worked on soap operas Search for Tomorrow and The Guiding Light in the late 70s and early 80s, and died early in the original Friday the 13th (1980). He won an Obie in 1982, for his off-Broadway role as a drug-addicted male prostitute in Forty Deuce. He played the same role in the film, opposite Orson Bean. For discerning audiences, Bacon's breakthrough came as the rich kid with a drinking problem in Barry Levinson's Diner (1982), with Steve Guttenberg, Daniel Stern, and Mickey Rourke. But it was Footloose two years later where Bacon caught America's attention, as the slick-stepping city kid stuck in a small-town high school where dancing is forbidden. Bacon has been almost ubiquitous in movies ever since.
In his spare time, Bacon fancies himself an interior decorator. He is also involved with Riverkeeper, an environmental organization working to clean up the Hudson River and preserve New York City's supply of drinking water. And he plays guitar with his older brother Michael, calling themselves "The Bacon Brothers" (notable for a cover of Kenny Loggins' theme song from Footloose).
When the play Six Degrees of Separation (which Bacon has never appeared in) became famous, three intoxicated college students had a clever idea, and "Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon" evolved into a drinking game, and something of a national pastime. To play, choose an actor at random, and determine their smallest possible "Bacon number." If the actor has worked with Kevin Bacon, his or her Bacon number is 1); if they've only worked with someone who worked with Bacon, their Bacon number is 2, and so on. Bacon has made so many movies, almost everyone involved in Hollywood can be connected to him within six hops. When the game's inventors wrote their book, Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon, Bacon wrote the introduction.
Father: Edmund Bacon (Philadelphia city planner, b. 1910, d. 2005)Mother: Ruth Bacon (teacher, political activist, d.)Brother: Michael Bacon (musician)Girlfriend: Tracy Pollan (actress, cohabited 1979-87)Wife: Kyra Sedgwick (actress, m. 3-Sep-1988, one son, one daughter)Son: Travis Bacon (b. 1989)Daughter: Sosie Ruth Bacon (b. Mar-1992)
High School: Kent School, Kent, CT (1976)
The Bacon Brothers Al Franken for Senate MoveOn.org Golden Globe 2010, Best Actor for Taking Chance Hollywood Walk of Fame 6356 Hollywood Blvd Endorsement of Hanesbrands Hanes underwear (2007)
Endorsement of Visa
Endorsement of Google Google TV (2010)
Endorsement of Logitech Google TV (2010)
Risk Factors: Smoking
TELEVISION The Guiding Light Tim Werner (1980-81) Search for Tomorrow Todd Adamson (1979)
FILMOGRAPHY AS DIRECTOR Loverboy (24-Jan-2005) Losing Chase (18-Aug-1996)
FILMOGRAPHY AS ACTOR R.I.P.D. (17-Jul-2013) Jayne Mansfield's Car (13-Feb-2012) Crazy, Stupid, Love (28-Jul-2011) · David Lindhagen X-Men: First Class (1-Jun-2011) · Sebastian Shaw Elephant White (17-May-2011) · Jimmy Super (10-Sep-2010) · Jacques My One and Only (12-Feb-2009) · Dan Devereaux Taking Chance (16-Jan-2009) · Lt. Col. Mike Strobl Frost/Nixon (15-Oct-2008) Rails & Ties (1-Sep-2007) Death Sentence (20-May-2007) The Air I Breathe (8-Feb-2007) · Love Where the Truth Lies (13-May-2005) Beauty Shop (30-Mar-2005) Loverboy (24-Jan-2005) · Marty Cavedweller (4-May-2004) The Woodsman (19-Jan-2004) Mystic River (23-May-2003) Trapped (20-Sep-2002) · Hickey Hollow Man (2-Aug-2000) · Sebastian Caine We Married Margo (25-Jan-2000) · Himself My Dog Skip (8-Jan-2000) Stir of Echoes (28-Jul-1999) Wild Things (20-Mar-1998) · Ray Duquette Digging to China (23-Jan-1998) Telling Lies in America (2-Aug-1997) · Billy Magic Destination Anywhere (16-Jun-1997) Picture Perfect (17-Apr-1997) · Sam Sleepers (18-Oct-1996) · Nokes Balto (22-Dec-1995) · Balto [VOICE] Apollo 13 (30-Jun-1995) · Jack Swigert Murder in the First (20-Jan-1995) · Henri Young The River Wild (30-Sep-1994) · Wade The Air Up There (7-Jan-1994) A Few Good Men (11-Dec-1992) JFK (20-Dec-1991) · Willie O'Keefe Pyrates (May-1991) He Said, She Said (22-Feb-1991) · Dan Hanson Queens Logic (1-Feb-1991) Flatliners (10-Aug-1990) · Labraccio Tremors (19-Jan-1990) · Valentine McKee The Big Picture (15-Sep-1989) Criminal Law (15-Sep-1988) · Martin Thiel She's Having a Baby (5-Feb-1988) · Jake Briggs Lemon Sky (Jan-1988) · Alan Planes, Trains, & Automobiles (25-Nov-1987) End of the Line (28-Aug-1987) · Everett White Water Summer (Jul-1987) · Vic Quicksilver (14-Feb-1986) Footloose (17-Feb-1984) · Ren Enormous Changes at the Last Minute (13-Sep-1983) The Demon Murder Case (6-Mar-1983) Forty Deuce (17-Nov-1982) Diner (5-Mar-1982) · Fenwick Only When I Laugh (13-Sep-1981) Hero at Large (5-Jun-1980) Friday the 13th (10-May-1980) · Jack Starting Over (5-Oct-1979) Animal House (28-Jul-1978) · Chip Diller
Official Website:
Do you know something we don't?
Submit a correction or make a comment about this profile
ActingAmerican CinemaAmerican MusicHorror Film
Kyra SedgwickClint HowardOliver PlattMatt DillonGary OldmanChristopher GuestKiefer SutherlandDavid StrathairnJ. T. WalshSean McCannHow to Change the Default Format Settings in Eclipse
Do you get tired on constantly having to re-format your programming code? With a single press of Control+Shift+F, Eclipse will format your entire document for you. Follow the below steps to change the way Eclipse will format your document to your personal preferences.
Steps
- 1Have the Eclipse program open. Click the Window option in the top tool bar and then click Preferences.Ad
- 2On the left side of the box, expand the Java option, then expand Code Style and finally click Formatter.
- 3The active profile should be set to “Eclipse [built-in]” you cannot edit this setting, so we will make a new one by clicking the “New...” button underneath.
- 4In the “profile name” pick a name that is significant to you so that you will remember what it is. The “Initialize setting with the following profile” option should have “Eclipse [built-in]” selected. And the “Open the edit dialog now” should also be selected. Now click “OK” to create your new format settings.
- 5You are now presented with the “Profile ‘name you selected’” box. There will be 8 tabs, named as follows:
- Indentation
- Braces
- White space
- Blank lines
- New lines
- Control statements
- Line wrapping
There will be an “Apply” and “OK” button at the bottom. You should make sure that you hit the “Apply” button every time you make a change so that it will know it is definitely saved and applied to your format settings.
- 6Refer to the picture at the right to see the INDENTATION TAB. Indentation is very important because it makes a program more readable if done properly. In the General Settings area, you can change the size of the tab, which you can set depending on whether you want to save space or if you want to differentiate the different sections more easily. According to coding conventions, you should leave all the boxes in the Indent section checked (Empty lines box does not matter). Do not forget to click Apply.
- 7Click on the BRACES TAB, and refer to the picture to the right if necessary. The braces settings are fairly simple and are based on personal preference. Most people either use the “Same line” or “Next line” position. You should use the same position for every option. Do not forget to click Apply.
- 8Click the WHITE SPACE TAB. Use the picture to the right for reference. Once again, this tab is for personal preference and ease of reading. There are many options to expand, read through and then select or deselect according to your preference on where you want a space (means one click of the space bar) to be added or removed. Do not forget to look in the preview window to see the change and click Apply often, seeing as there are many options in this tab.
- 9Click the BLANK LINES TAB and use the picture as a reference. This tab allows you to specify the number of blanks lines before or after different declarations. The standard is usually either 0 or 1 depending on the option. If you use more than 1 blank line, it is just wasting space. Choose the options according to you preference. Do not forget to select Apply.
- 10Look at the picture to the right and then click on the NEW LINES TAB. This tab is purely for user preference, so choose options as you desire. Do not forget to click Apply.
- 11Once again, the CONTROL STATEMENTS TAB is for your personal preference. Refer to the picture to the right, while selecting the boxes. The document is easily read with or without the added space after a control statement. To limit the length of your document leave the boxes unchecked. Do not forget to click Apply.
- 12Click the LINE WRAPPING TAB and see the picture to the right. In the “Line width and indentation levels” section choose how many characters wide your document can be and how wide you want the indent to be for the wrapping of the line(s). Below, click each option and choose the “Line wrapping policy” and “Indentation policy” accordingly. You want your document to have the littlest amount of wrapping as possible, so that it is easy to read. Do not forget to select Apply often, since there are a lot of options.
- 13The COMMENTS TAB is the last tab to set and the picture to the right is for reference. The options that begin with “Enable...” should be selected. The other options can be selected for personal preference. I also recommend selecting all the options that will “Remove blank lines.” Do not forget to click Apply.
- 14As an example, to show you how the format will work, there is a sample program (click on the picture at the right) shown with the formatting distorted (i.e. wrong indentation, extra spaces, etc.).
- 15To format the currently selected document, click on Source in the top tool bar and then click Format or as a shortcut you can click “Control + Shift + F”.
- 16Again, click on the picture to the right. Here you can see that the indentation has been restored, excess space has been removed and brackets are placed as per my preference. You document will not, necessarily look like mine as it will be based on your personal coding style preference.Ad
We could really use your help!
tree pollination?
rate articles?
storing food?
Dell computers?
climbing?
Tips
- When you click or unclick a setting the preview screen to the right will show you the change it will make to the format setting.
- You should not go any smaller than a tab size of 2.
- Do not be afraid to make changes as you can always restore the default settings.
Warnings
- If you do not select Apply before closing the profile box all changes will be lost.
Things You'll Need
- Computer
- Source code written by you
- Eclipse (Version used for this article: Eclipse SDK 3.4.1)
Sources and Citations
- Eclipse SDK. [Software Download]. Portland, OR: The Eclipse Foundation, 2008. Available:.
Article Info
Categories: Java | Software
In other languages:
Italiano: Cambiare le l'Impostazione Predefinita su Eclipse, Русский: изменить настройки формата по умолчанию в Eclipse, Português: Mudar as Configurações Padrões do Eclipse, Español: cambiar la configuración predeterminada en Eclipse
Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 134,222 times.
About this wikiHowBy Kyle Lovern
April 13, 2014
According)Free Email Notification
Receive emails when we post new
items of interest to you.Subscribe or
Modify your profile
It is a great pleasure for me to be with you this evening, and to share
some thoughts with you on the challenges posed by developments in the world
economy, and the role the institutions of our Bretton Woods family can
play in addressing them.
But first, I wish to take this opportunity to say a few words about
Lew Preston, whose memorial service many of us attended today. His recent
death has made this a sad time for the World Bank Group, for its sister
institution, the IMF, and for me personally. For us at the IMF, he was
a friend and colleague we greatly admired and a supporter we could rely
upon. In fact, in one of his last public statements, in late March, he
stressed the need to increase the resources of the Fund and pressed the
industrial countries to give stronger support to the Fund in its role.
The world needs graciousness and wisdom of the kind we saw in him; and
needless to say, we shall be missing him greatly.
One of Lew Preston's important contributions as President was to sharpen
the focus of the work of the Bank Group on promoting private sector development,
as an essential means of pursuing the Group's central mission of helping
countries reduce poverty and improve living standards. When he spoke last
year at a conference marking the 50th Anniversary of the World Bank and
the IMF, one of his main points, as he looked ahead, was that "strengthening
(its) support for the private sector will be one of the hallmarks of the
Bank Group in the future."1
He saw clearly that despite the increased
flows of private capital to developing countries and countries in transition,
the Bank Group continues to have a major role to play, not only in helping
the public sector foster an enabling environment for private enterprise,
but also by lending directly to the private sector and mobilizing capital
for companies that would not otherwise have access to international financial
markets. The IFC and its partnership with co-financing institutions were
therefore of great importance to him and, as he envisaged, will surely
continue to be a growing part of the Bank Group's work.
The IMF, unlike the IFC, does not lend to, or borrow from the private
sector. Nor does it provide advice to the private sector: some would like
the IMF to serve as a credit-rating agency, but that is not its job. Nor
does the IMF have co-financing arrangements with private financial institutions,
although it does, through its activities, mobilize financing for countries
from commercial as well as official sources. The IMF's direct dealings
are almost entirely with governments and central banks. Nevertheless, the
objective of our activities is also the promotion of private-sector-led,
sustainable growth. The Fund's role is to help its member countries establish
a macroeconomic environment, in their own economies and in the global economy,
that will foster such growth. Well, how does that environment look today?
In many respects, the world economic outlook is more positive than for
many years. Following the slowdown of the early 1990s, world growth is
now close to its long-term trend rate, and IMF staff are expecting it to
strengthen further next year. In most industrial countries, prospects for
sustained growth are good as a result of success in the reduction of inflation.
In the developing world, growth performance has improved markedly as a
result of stabilization and reform efforts supported by the IMF in many
countries; and if policy improvements are maintained, growth should continue
at around 6 percent a year in the period ahead. Close to half of the countries
in transition in Europe and the former Soviet Union are now seeing positive
economic growth, on the basis of programs supported by the Fund; and if
policies remain on track the group as a whole should see growth in 1996
for the first time in many years.
Of course there are immense problems still to be tackled--including,
in many industrial countries, high levels of structural unemployment and
large fiscal deficits, and in many developing and transition economies,
macroeconomic instability and structural distortions calling for radical
reform. Nevertheless, the global outlook is encouraging.
What are the risks to this outlook? Two key risks have been vividly
illustrated by developments in recent months. One is that the global expansion
could be adversely affected by instability and misalignments of exchange
rates among the key currencies. The sharp weakening of the U.S. dollar
against the yen, the deutsche mark, and other European currencies since
the beginning of the year has threatened to exacerbate inflationary pressures
in the United States, weaken the expansion in Europe, and stall the recovery
in Japan. When the IMF's Interim Committee of finance ministers and central
bank governors met in Washington three weeks ago, they agreed that "exchange
rate movements for some major currencies had gone further than warranted
by fundamentals and...that orderly reversal of these movements is desirable."
How can this be achieved and currency instability be reduced? This is one
question we must face.
The second risk I would highlight is that of a sharper than expected
slowdown in capital flows to emerging market economies. Our projections
incorporate some further weakening in these capital flows following their
rapid growth in the early 1990s: this is in part a result of the recovery
in the industrial countries. But the risk is that there could be a much
sharper fall-off, perhaps triggered by financial crisis in one or two countries,
but threatening growth prospects much more widely. This risk was vividly
illustrated by Mexico's financial crisis and its spillover effects, which
reached many countries in this hemisphere and further afield.
These two risks have something in common. They both originate in part
from the globalization of financial markets: they are both magnified by
the highly mobile, large-scale international capital flows that characterize
the world in which we live today. How should such risks be minimized? I
am sure the answer does not lie in reverting to exchange controls and less
open markets, and thereby foregoing or jeopardizing the great benefits
and opportunities that arise from the global mobilization of financial
saving. The answer lies rather, partly in improvements in economic policies
at the national level, and partly in stronger international monetary cooperation
at the global level, through the IMF.
Consider first the role of policies and the exchange rate problem. The
industrial countries have gone a long way to promote greater exchange rate
stability since the early 1980s, by making so much progress toward low
inflation. This achievement must be safeguarded, but we always knew that
it would not be enough. In the recent episode, most of the countries whose
currencies have weakened--for example, the United States, Canada, and Italy
--suffer from chronic fiscal deficits, associated in some cases--including
the United States--with chronic balance of payments weakness. Stronger
efforts to restore fiscal balance in these countries would help to achieve
both the orderly reversal of exchange rates called for by the Interim Committee
and greater stability in exchange markets. I also believe that there is
greater scope for international cooperation in monetary policy than we
have seen recently, and that well-timed and coordinated interest rate actions
could have had a powerful stabilizing effect on exchange markets.
Turning to the risk of a downturn in capital flows to emerging market
economies, we can see in the Mexican case a number of policy lessons. The
crisis showed, in particular, that large-scale private capital inflows
do not signal that internal macroeconomic discipline can be relaxed. The
crisis arose from many factors, some unrelated to Mexico's economic policies.
But it is clear that a steep real appreciation of the peso and a deterioration
in domestic saving performance, which contributed to a large and growing
external current account deficit, together with an excessive reliance on
short-term capital inflows, and an accommodating monetary policy during
1994, all played a role. The crisis provided an impressive demonstration
of how suddenly market assessments of a country's situation can turn around
when the country lowers its guard and allows its economic policies to weaken.
The lesson in crisis prevention is clear for all emerging market economies--indeed,
for all economies: unfailing vigilance and discipline provide the only
sure defense against financial market setbacks. And the way the crisis
has been turned into what by now seems a manageable problem--through a
stringent adjustment program supported by an international financial rescue
package, including exceptional financial assistance from the IMF--carries
lessons for the resolution of such crises which are also important.
So let me turn to the role of the IMF: what can it do to help minimize
the risks I have been referring to? Essentially two things: it can help
countries--and help them more effectively--to improve their policies, so
that currency misalignments and balance of payments crises are less likely
to occur; and it can provide financial support for corrective policy action
when crises do occur. In both areas, the Fund is seeking to ensure that
it is strong enough to serve its purposes in the new environment of globalized
markets.
The IMF's work in promoting exchange rate stability and preventing financial
crises is carried out mainly through the exercise of its responsibility
for surveillance over the international monetary system and countries'
exchange rate policies. IMF surveillance is conducted mainly through the
annual consultations held with all member countries and through the regular
discussions in its Executive Board on the world economic outlook and financial
market developments. It is an international cooperative effort aimed at
improvements in policies and the prevention of policy mistakes. In recent
years the Fund has been endeavoring to make surveillance more continuous
and effective, and significant progress has been made. But recent developments,
and especially Mexico's crisis, have shown that further significant changes
are needed:
These are some of the items on our agenda to strengthen surveillance,
which was endorsed by the Interim Committee at the end of April. It is
a demanding agenda, and we shall be able to implement it only with the
full and active cooperation of our member countries.
But even with the most effective IMF surveillance, crises would still
be likely to occur from time to time; and the IMF must ensure that it has
the means to provide countries with financial assistance adequate to contribute
effectively to their resolution. It was able to do so in the case of Mexico,
by applying the rules allowing it in exceptional circumstances to exceed
limits that apply to its credit, on the grounds of the exceptional risk
of contagion that was entailed. The Fund's commitment to Mexico is the
largest in the Fund's history. But there have been a number of other large
arrangements in recent months, most notably in support of programs of stabilization
and reform in Argentina, Russia, and Ukraine. Because of these and other
expected commitments, the Fund's liquidity position, adequate at present,
is projected to weaken sharply requirements
that the Fund may face in the closing years of this century and beyond.
This was agreed by our Interim Committee, and following their preliminary
discussion we shall in the next few months be considering a number of courses
of action:
So here again we have a full agenda.
This evening I have indicated a number of possible ways in which the
IMF can increase its effectiveness in helping to minimize the risks to
the world economic outlook--risks magnified by financial globalization.
Some, on the surveillance side, are already being implemented, while others
are in stages of preliminary exploration. They amount to a task that is
as essential as it is challenging--the task of ensuring that the IMF is
as strong and effective as the world economy needs it to be at the turn
of this century. It is gratifying that the Interim Committee is guiding
us in this direction, and I am sure that the G-7 Summit in Halifax next
month will give added support to our efforts.
1. Lewis Preston, "Future of the World Bank" in Bretton Woods:
Looking
to the Future, Bretton Woods Commission Conference Proceedings (Washington,
D.C.: Bretton Woods Committee, 1994).The Independent Women’s Voice organization has published a useful document called Your ObamaCare August Recess Guide - The Knowledge You Need, The Questions to Ask. It asks and provides some answers to these five questions:
- How will ObamaCare add to the national debt?
- Does ObamaCare violate my Constitutional rights?
- How will ObamaCare change my health care?
- How will ObamaCare change my Medicare?
- How can I help repeal ObamaCare?
The third question, “How will ObamaCare change my health care?” briefly describes how the law will affect your health insurance, your relationship with your doctor and coverage that may or may not be available from your employer. Here are a couple excepts:
- ObamaCare means the federal government will decide what kind of health care treatments must be covered by insurance. You will be required to carry an insurance policy that meets this “minimum essential coverage” requirement. If your current policy doesn't, you will have to switch. ObamaCare also includes many government mandates and regulations for the insurance market, which will decrease competition and make health insurance more expensive for everyone.
- ObamaCare will make health care benefits so expensive and burdensome that many employers will stop sponsoring health insurance. If your company has 50 or fewer workers, the law doesn't require your employer to pay for health insurance. Even at companies with 51+ workers, the penalty of $2,000 per year per worker will often be more affordable than health insurance. A recent survey of employers shows 30% of them are strongly considering dropping health insurance benefits for their workers.
Meanwhile in Michigan, the state Department of Community Health has been taking actions to prepare the ground for creation of a Michigan ObamaCare insurance benefit “exchange.” A department spokesperson told Michigan Capitol Confidential that Gov. Rick Snyder has not made a decision on whether to proceed with creating an exchange.January 4, 2012 The Wrestling Observer is reporting that the reason why WWE decided not to fly Chris Jericho into Memphis on a private jet, is because management felt the plan it had in place would be infallible, and Jericho's return would not be spoiled. WWE's plan was to, as we now know, fly Jericho into the Nashville airport, which is 225 miles away from Memphis, and figured that no one would take a photo of him so far from the site of Raw. WWE then had a limo drive Jericho to Memphis, where he was kept hidden until his scheduled appearance on Raw. Obviously this plan was foiled as a fan did in fact snap a photo of Jericho at the Nashville airport, and it surfaced online yesterday during the day. raw VIDEO: Why Chris Jericho Didn't Speak During His Return When Brodus Clay Will Debut, 3/18 WWE MSG Pre-Sale Info VIDEO: Why Chris Jericho Didn't Speak During His Return When Brodus Clay Will Debut, 3/18 WWE MSG Pre-Sale Info Chris JerichoWWEWWE Raw Have a news tip? Attended an event and want to send a live report? Submit it now!Blooming Prairie Secondary School
Public School | Grades 7-12 | Blooming Prairie Public School Dist
Blooming Prairie, MN 55917
(507) 583-4426
About This School
Blooming Prairie Secondary School is located in Blooming Prairie, MN and is one of 2 schools in Blooming Prairie Public School District. It is a public school that serves 329 students in grades 7-12. See Blooming Prairie Secondary School's test results to learn more about school performance.
In 2011, Blooming Prairie Secondary School had 17 students for every full-time equivalent teacher. The Minnesota average is 16 students per full-time equivalent teacher.
In 2011, Blooming Prairie Secondary School had 17 students for every full-time equivalent teacher. The Minnesota average is 16 students per full-time equivalent teacher.
Sponsored Link
Student Ethnicity (2011)
Students (2011)
329
Students Per Teacher (2011)
Female/Male (2011)
52% 48%
Subsidized Lunch (2011)
24%eligible
District Spending (2010)
$8,397per student
See All Test Scores
All Grades Science Performance
Minnesota Comprehensive Assessments (MCA-II) Results
write a review
Blooming Prairie Secondary School ReviewsThere are no reviews yet for this school. Be the first one to write a review!
Blooming Prairie.how to get data from Active Directory?
Discussion in 'ASP .Net' started by Luc, Jan 19, 2010.
Want to reply to this thread or ask your own question?It takes just 2 minutes to sign up (and it's free!). Just click the sign up button to choose a username and then you can ask your own questions on the forum.
- Similar Threads
get user details from Active Directory=?Utf-8?B?RGFuIE5hc2g=?=, Oct 11, 2004, in forum: ASP .Net
- Replies:
- 6
- Views:
- 28,685
- Eddy Jawed
- Jun 2, 2010
How to get structure of Active Directory through LDAPRonen Diment, Dec 8, 2003, in forum: Java
- Replies:
- 1
- Views:
- 912
- Olaf Lenzmann
- Dec 9, 2003
Active Directory Search fails ("The directory service is unavailabejcosta, Oct 7, 2004, in forum: ASP .Net Security
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 983
- Eurico Costa
- Oct 8, 2004
Get UserGroup of Active Directory to control the securityShaker, Dec 19, 2004, in forum: ASP .Net Security
- Replies:
- 5
- Views:
- 199
- Joe Kaplan \(MVP - ADSI\)
- Dec 20, 2004
Get userID from Active Directory.Lin Ma, Sep 22, 2003, in forum: ASP General
- Replies:
- 7
- Views:
- 633
- MSFT
- Sep 23, 2003Video: Corasanti Trial: Testimony on Cell Phone Texts, Calls
Video: Corasanti Trial: Day 9 - Testimony on Cell Phone
BUFFALO, NY - Cell phone testimony continued Thursday morning in the trial of Dr. James Corasanti.
Dr. Corasanti is accused in the fatal hit and run accident that killed Alexandria Rice last July on Heim Road in Amherst.
Amherst Police Officer Thomas Barillari was on stand Thursday morning, testifying about texts and phone calls made by the doctor on July 8th.
Officer Barillari said, "Out of 79 [texts that day], there were only 12 messages left on the phone." The rest of the messages, including those he sent moments before and after the crash, were deleted.
Corasanti's attorneys fought to exclude testimony about text messages that were not sent or received around the time of the accident. However, the prosecution said those texts are relevant and Judge Sheila DiTullio allowed the testimony while reserving decision.
Christine Micciarello, a physician's assistant for Buffalo Medical Group testified Thursday afternoon.
She is one of people Corasanti texted the evening of the accident.
Micciarello said she has Corasanti listed as "Naples" in her phone because she knows he has a house there and she has other "James" in her phone.
Micciarello testified she had her phone turned off on July 8th, and when she woke up on July 9th and turned on her phone, it started beeping with a lot of texts.
She said she deleted the eight messages Corasanti sent her without reading them so that she could read the important work messages of the day.
The text times included one sent at 11:18 p.m., which is three minutes before the crash, and two texts sent at 11:23 p.m., two minutes after the crash.
On July 10, Micciarello and Corasanti texted back and forth 13 times. She couldn't recall the content of the texts.
Throughout much of Micciarello's testimony she was glancing at Corasanti and seemed uncomfortable. Although she was a prosecution witness, defense attorney Joel Daniels objected on multiple occasions saying this is not cross-examination and the prosecutor is trying to impeach his own witness.
Also testifying on Day 9 was Bonnie Warsaw who works at Buffalo Medical Group as a medical assistant and calls Corasanti "her boss and her friend."
She went into great detail on the stand about a text conversation she had with the doctor between 10:54 and 11:19 p.m. the night of the crash about planning an office party.
The crash happened around 11:21 p.m.
Warsaw said she remembered such detailed information about the texts because after she heard about the crash she read the texts hundreds of times. She said, "I was texting him close to the time of the accident. I felt sad." She said she became emotional and deleted them all.
Corasanti and Warsaw talked on the phone the next day. She testified he said, "I never saw her, I never saw her."
Four days after the crash Warsaw went to the doctor's house to deliver notes and cards from patients. She says he told her,
"I felt like I was OK to drive that night. I had beer with golf. I had wine with dinner."
Until now the jury heard he had only Captain Morgan and Diet Pepsi's and a B&B stinger at the Transit Valley Country Club, plus a $100 bottle of wine served to the table that no one could verify he drank.
Both women said they did not talk to Corasanti about deleting their texts. Both women did not agree to talk with police and the District Attorney's office when asked, and instead obtained counsel. The jury was instructed that people aren't aren't obligated to answer the questions of the police or DA's office and have the constitutional right to get an attorney, and the jury is not to draw inferences from that.
So far 33 prosecution witnesses have testified. They have over 80on their list, but that doesn't mean they all will be called.
WEB EXTRAS:Join
our mailing list. It's so wizard.
tiara thomas
Fat Joe – “Quiero Fruta” (prod. Timbaland) / “Another Day” (feat. French Montana, Rick Ross & Tiara Thomas) (Video)
19 May, 2014 12:18 am
9 April, 2014 1:19 am
Produced by Streetrunner and Macho TS.
31 January, 2014 4:51 pm
Posse cut remix of Rico Love’s “They Don’t Know”.
21 March, 2013 7:17 am
Lead single to Wale’s new album, “The Gifted”, in stores June 25th.
30 May, 2011 5:09 pm
Directed by David Banks, from 2010′s More About Nothing6030 Treasure Cove
Fort Wayne, Indiana, 46835
Commute to Downtown Fort Wayne
Almost all errands require a car.
It is possible to get on a bus.
Flat as a pancake, minimal bike lanes.
Score Details
6030 Treasure Cove has a Walk Score of 6 out of 100. This location is a Car-Dependent neighborhood so almost all errands require a car.
This location is in Fort Wayne.
Explore how far you can travel by car, bus, bike and foot from 6030 Treasure Cove.
View all Fort Wayne apartments on a map.
Popular apartment searches include single family, pool and fitness.
This location is in the city of Fort Wayne, IN. Fort Wayne has an average Walk Score of 28 and has 253,691 residents.
Fort Wayne Children's Zoo
Big Eyed Fish
3 Rivers Natural Grocery Food Co-op & DeliAbhijeet Gupta pulled off a much-needed victory on the third board to help India hold Georgia 2-2 in the ninth round of the Chess Olympiad in Istanbul on Thursday.
India’s sixth successive draw was due to the continued struggle of this 13th seeded team to play to its pre-competition expectations.
Playing against the 26th seeded Georgia, India managed draws on the first two boards through K. Sasikiran and the ever-so-solid P. Hari Krishna. However, the loss of G.N. Gopal on the fourth board put tremendous pressure on Abhijeet to play for a win with black against Tornike Sanikidze.
In a battle lasting 105 moves, Abhijeet gained the decisive edge just before the queens returned to the board. Eventually, he brought in his third queen of the game to end Sanikidze’s resistance.
Indian women lose
It was a meek surrender by the Indian ladies against second seed Russia. The 1-3 loss was not in keeping with the form the Indians have displayed so far in the competition. D. Harika and Tania Sachdev drew with white pieces on the first and third boards while Eesha Karavade and Soumya Swaminathan caved in meekly with black pieces.
Important results (ninth round):
Open: Georgia (12) drew with India (12) 2-2 (Mikheil Mchedlishvili drew with K. Sasikiran; Merab Gagunashvili drew with P. Hari Krishna; Tornike Sanikidze lost to Abhijeet Gupta; Levan Pantsulaia bt G.N. Gopal); USA (15) bt Russia (15) 2.5-1.5; Philippines (13) lost to China (15) 0.5-3.5; Armenia (15) bt Germany (13) 2.5-1.5; Poland (13) drew with Azerbaijan (13) 2-2; Ukraine (14) bt France (12) 3-1; Netherlands (14) bt Israel (12) 3-1; Serbia (11) lost to Argentina (13) 1.5-2.5; Hungary (13) bt Italy (11) 3-1; Vietnam (13) bt England (11) 3-1.
Women: India (13) lost to Russia (15) 3-1 (D. Harika drew with Tatiana Kosintseva; Eesha Karavade lost to Valentina Gunina; Tania Sachdev drew with Nadezhda Kosintseva; Soumya Swaminathan lost to Alexandra Kosteniuk); China (16) bt France (13) 3-1; Kazakhstan (14) bt Uzbekistan (13) 2.5-1.5; USA (12) lost to Ukraine (14) 1-3; Bulgaria (12) lost to Poland (14) 1.5-2.5; Iran (11) lost to Armenia (14) 1-3; Geogia (11) lost to Azerbaijan (13) 1.5-2.5; Israel (13) bt Serbia (11) 3-1; Hungary (12) drew with Slovenia (12) 2-2; Vietnam (11) lost to Germany (13) 1.5-2.5.
Keywords: Chess OlympiadMayor Chris Beutler recently announced a new city community donation program – 2 For Trees. 2 For Trees allows Lincoln residents to voluntarily add $2 to their water bill. The $2 donation will be used to support the planting and maintenance of trees along city streets and trails and in parks and golf courses.
Archive for the ‘Trees’ Category.
Tagging a Christmas tree
A simple google search for “real or fake tree” has more than 80,000,000 results. There’s really nothing that I can or should add to the “debate.” For the technical analysis, you should read about the detailed life cycle assessmentperformed by Ellipsos, a sustainability consulting firm in Montreal, Canada. Their findings have been summarized as follows:.
Based on this report, someone can justify an artificial tree from an environmental standpoint only if they use the tree for more than 20 years. The problem with this rationale is that it ignores reality. First, the vast majority of artificial trees are of such poor quality that they would never last 20 years. And, second, we (as consumers) rarely use anything for 20 years. We lose a limb, become annoyed with the fading color, or (more likely) give in to our desire for change. Reality is why the average life span of an artificial tree is only 6 years.* Q1 EPS 88 cents, beats Street view 85 cents
* Q1 U.S. same-store sales fall 1.4 pct
* Sees Q2 EPS 93 cts-98 cts vs Street view 98 cts
* Shares up 3 percent (Adds company comment, Target reference)
By Brad Dorfman
CHICAGO, May 18 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc's (WMT.N) quarterly results beat Wall Street expectations, as a curb on costs helped the world's largest retailer overcome weaker U.S. same-store sales, sending shares up 3 percent.
The costs cuts on everything from labor to transportation helped the company fund "rollbacks" on prices for thousands of items in recent weeks, as it tries to hold onto customers pressured by high unemployment and rising gasoline prices.
Wal-Mart's expenses rose 3.9 percent during the quarter, but that was well below a 5.9 percent increase in sales, helped by international markets like Brazil, China and Mexico. Sales at its U.S. discount stores open at least a year fell a worse-than-expected 1.4 percent.
"If they can leverage expenses in this environment where their (U.S.) same-store sales are so soft, imagine what can happen if they put up a 2 to 3 percent pace of same-store sales increases," Edward Jones analyst Matt Arnold said.
For the time being, Wal-Mart paints a bleak view of its U.S. customers, saying that the use of foods stamps and other government benefits to pay for its goods is up significantly from a year earlier.
"More than ever, our customers are living paycheck-to-paycheck," Chief Financial Officer Tom Schoewe said during a conference call with reporters.
The company reported earnings of $3.32 billion, or 88 cents a share, for the fiscal first quarter that ended April 30. That compares with $3.03 billion, or 77 cents a share, a year earlier and came in ahead of the 85 cents per share expected by analysts, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Highlighting the precarious state of U.S. consumers, Wal-Mart also forecast that second-quarter earnings could fall short of Wall Street estimates and said its U.S. same-store sales for the period could drop.
Within minutes of reporting results, Wal-Mart also announced a new onslaught of price cuts on groceries, offering an average discount of 30 percent for a basket of 22 top food and household products. [ID:nPnDA06591]
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Graphic on Wal-Mart earnings:
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
A SPIKE IN GASOLINE PRICES
The company said its traffic was down in the quarter, though Schoewe said the prime reason for that was because rising gasoline prices -- which it estimated at up 41 percent from a year ago -- were forcing shoppers to cut down on the number of trips they took to the store.
Wal-Mart has also likely lost some customers that it picked up during the recession as even slightly more affluent consumers move back to department stores and rivals like Target Corp (TGT.N), analysts said.
Target, which is scheduled to report first-quarter earnings on Wednesday, has already posted a 2.8 percent increase in same-store sales for the quarter.
"For them to note another soft quarter of traffic is not something I wanted to hear," said Brian Sozzi, an analyst at Wall Street Strategies.
While stores in some emerging markets did well, Wal-Mart's Asda unit in Britain posted a drop in quarterly underlying sales for the first time in four years. [ID:nLDE64H0S5]
Wal-Mart said it expects second-quarter earnings per share of 93 to 98 cents from continuing operations. Analysts have predicted earnings of 98 cents per share.
The company sees U.S. same-store sales, excluding fuel, up 1 percent to down 2 percent in the second quarter.
Vice Chairman Eduardo Castro-Wright, head of Wal-Mart's U.S. division, cited heavier competition on price. He also said there was a strong correlation between same-store sales and unemployment levels.
"Stores in areas with the highest increase in unemployment are running approximately 200 basis points lower comps than those with the lowest," Castro-Wright said.
Wal-Mart is remodeling its U.S. stores to attract more customers and is restocking about 300 grocery items that it had previously cut, in response to customer demand.
The company said it remains on track to have $13 billion to $15 billion in capital expenditures this year.
The company also said it had negative free cash flow of $1.6 billion at the end of the quarter, as inventory levels returned to more normal levels from "relatively low" amounts at the end of the last fiscal year.
Wal-Mart shares were up $1.58 at $54.31 on the New York Stock Exchange. (Reporting by Brad Dorfman, editing by Michele Gershberg and Gerald E. McCormick, Dave Zimmerman, Phil Berlowitz)Current Filters
Traxxas chassis for the Revo 2.5 is constructed of anodized blue in color 6061 T-6 aluminum, 1.2" (30mm) longer than Revo 2.5 chassis
If converting a 2.5 Revo to this extended length chassis, the following parts are required;
#5341 Steering Linkage REVO 3.3
#5456 Center Half Shafts
#5361 Revo Chassis BracePopular Brands
New Xenadrine XT is an extreme thermogenic that's designed to deliver extreme energy, maximum intensity and hyper thermogenesis. This potent formula also contains a key ingredient (green coffee extract), that has been shown to promote significant weight loss in two scientific trials.*
Amp up your energy - Xenadrine XT is a brand new breed of sensory stimulation that makes other thermogenics a thing of the past.
Smash through plateaus - Take your training to the next level with a serious surge of mind-over-matter energy that'll fuel you to put your best foot forward.
Rock every rep - Explode into the gym with a powerfully extreme boost of energy that'll pump you up to keep pushing harder.*
If you have a website, blog or facebook page, join
Netrition's
Affiliate Program*
and start earning cash today!
Now paying 20%*Public Profile
thegypsy
member since November 11, 2009
About
I don't know how I will show you.
But I will show you.
But I will show you.
Comics By thegypsy
No comics.
Comics Assisted By thegypsy
No comics.
Comics Recomended By thegypsy
I can no longer sit back and allow Vampire infiltration, Vampire indoctrination, Vampire subversion, and the international Vampire conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids!.
It's about zombies. :D
The story of a little transgender girl, her gender playful BFF, her family and her friends.
A surreal victorian era dream comic, that can be non-linear at times.
forum topics started
No topics.
Videos Shared By thegypsy
No videos.
Cross at 8:09PM, Nov. 7, 2010
Thanks for the Add :3
Raziel_X007223 at 10:33AM, May 30, 2010
Thanks for adding me as a friend!
that kid yellow at 11:01AM, April 25, 2010
np thnk u for the add also
DarkChibiShadow at 6:42PM, April 11, 2010
Aw no no no it's okay! Thank you so much, it did make me feel happy that people like my comics! I really appreaciate you ready my comics since I update a ton and then sometimes not and sometimes it's bad and sometimes it's okay, so I am really thankful you hang in there through all the ups and downs!
DarkChibiShadow at 6:59AM, April 8, 2010
Sorry but that's what haitus means. :c Sometimes comics I make just don't take off for me like I want them too. (But I have plenty of straight comics in the work) I'm sorry but sometimes I just want to work on stories I just want to work on.../guilty feeling/
Little Swan at 1:55PM, Dec. 16, 2009
Hey, thanks for adding me back :] Your profile seemed really interesting, so I hope you don't mind me adding you.
Sei at 1:26AM, Dec. 8, 2009
Oh, thank you for the unexpected friend add! D:
DarkChibiShadow at 1:02PM, Nov. 30, 2009
Ah, well more info is in the link I posted. Bascially it's just like writing a regular fic, so just- write a regular fic. (So not like dialouge and stuff that happens or drawings ahaha, unless you want to I guess!) That's all I really need to make it into something!
DarkChibiShadow at 8:05PM, Nov. 24, 2009
Hey! Thanks for the add! in a shoebox. Postcards from your best friend, traveling around the world. Or a stack of letters from a secret lover. We view messages crafted by hand as more personal and meaningful — check out Cristina Vanko’s handwritten texts as modern-day snail mail. Words from our pens stand the test of time, and are viewed as more intimate — and meant to be shared and carefully considered by you, the reader.
PostSecret: Now on WordPress.com
We’re happy to announce that PostSecret, founded by Frank Warren, has made its home on WordPress.com as one of our newest VIP sites. A popular online community art project for many years, PostSecret is an outlet through which people anonymously mail in their secrets via postcard. It’s the largest ad-free blog in the world — and a perfect example of our appreciation and fascination for handwritten forms of communication.
Secrets are preserved in their analog glory, further creating a sense of intimacy:
Image via PostSecret, Sunday Secrets: November 23, 2013
Image via PostSecret, Classic Secrets: November 22, 2013
PostSecret is a longtime favorite blog for millions on the internet — we’re thrilled it’s now part of our community. Secrets are posted weekly, on Sunday.
Mixing analog and digital: other cool blog projects
Other blogs on WordPress.com experiment with found objects and handwritten letters and messages. Some bloggers have ongoing projects bringing their ancestors’ journals and scribbles to life, like A Hundred Years Ago and Home Front Girl Diary.
Over on Hope Street, Kurt Blumenau blogs about his grandfather, who kept month-to-month calendars on which he recorded events that affected him — everything from presidential assassinations to late-season snowstorms. Every Monday, Kurt picks an interesting calendar entry and writes something about it.
Image via Hope Street, September 1970: Spells
Likewise, the preservation of family history is the focus at Save Every Step, which archives family photography, childhood memories, and even World War II-era letters, like this one from 1944 from the blogger’s uncle Joe:
Image via Save Every Step, Joe’s Letters, WWII: “Final, Final, Final Exams”
Choncey Boddington, a “traditional lady in a digital society,” publishes handwritten posts and messages. Her About page, too, is clever and creative:
From the postcards at PostSecret to the letters, diary entries, and handwritten messages on these blogs, it’s evident the WordPress.com community tells important stories about our pasts and histories in creative, clever ways.
Follow other interesting blogs that publish handwritten posts and other found materials? Let us know.
Finally, if you’re interested in keeping up with what’s abuzz in the community — from a collection of top reads to featured topics curated by our editors — subscribe to WordPress.com Weekend Reads, which we’ll deliver right to your inbox.
- Nov 26, 2013 @ 5:00 pm
- Admin Bar, Community, VIP, WordPress.com
64 Comments
Dude. I’ll have to check it out…. That would be a cool way to send my love letters to my 785,932 boyfriends!
I’ll check it out and leave my pawprint of approval!
Shrimp
I have a different take on that, many generations of my family have found writing difficult, because of dyslexia, so their thoughts and views have been lost forever. Without the ‘digital age’ (and WordPress) I’d have never have dared put my writing (or my spelling) on public view, as it I’ve been blogging along happily, for six years. This post, from 2007, sums up my phobia of handwriting.
PostSecret has been featured at the American Visionary Art Museum in Baltimore — in fact it is right now. I wrote about AVAM’s newest exhibit a few weeks ago.
I write fiction and there is nothing I love more than writing all the good stuff by hand. It’s just more magical. :)
I agree with you on the digital age, I am thirty years old and worked hard to get master’s. I was in school we wrote just about everything…(:
I first ran into PostSecret at the bookstore (yes, I actually still peruse bookstores!) back in 2009. So many different emotions. People really bare their souls. It’s amazing what people will confess to when given anonymity.
Although, for the sake of speed, I always type when I post, I also almost always write out the post, first, because it has been scientifically proven that the quality of the writing changes dramatically when handwriting is used, even as opposed to printing, but especially compared to typing.
We want quality on WordPress, right? That was not a real question, btw.
One thing I love about my handwriting: it totally resembles my mother’s. And our hands look similar, too. I love that. I feel like she lives on, in me, in a way. I also have a copy of her sister’s handwriting, something she wrote to my mother just before she passed on, that also resembles our handwriting, and her hands, genetically, are obviously pf the same stock. How could I ever not love that?
But to pass it on, I’d have to show the set of all three of our handwritings and the appearances of our hands, of which much is lost, except for in my memory….
Still, you have inspired me to try finding all the proofs, in old photos and old writings, since my site does deal with education…
Thanks for this lovely introduction to these sites that grasp what I’m saying here.
I hope there is no real trick to scanning a document and transferring it to a post…
Have you seen WP Blogger Ziggy Shortcrust’s Illustrated Letters??! If you ask her nicely, she’ll even send one to you, wherever you are in the world! I am honored to have one, and guilty of not returning the honor….yet. Go and visit Ziggy! She’s one-of-a-kind!
Both the article and the comments so interesting, Book inscriptions are currently making second hand books much more valuable. Children are being taught to type but can barely write. Hope we don’t lose the knack.
This article is lovely! So true how despite being in a digital age, handwritten artifacts maintain to be so much more intimate and meaningful than anything typed.
This was great reading and I discovered new and interesting blogs. It was personally timely as I have been thinking a
lot about handwriting, itself, as well as graphology, and written communiques. I had lost the ability to write longhand easily for a time and it deeply impacted me. Just last week I wrote a post about handwritten communications called “Signify; Strokes Across a Page”. I also enjoy writing short story posts that include letters. One entire post is a letter. I like to write the letter or memo, etc., then photograph it in order to post. Thanks!
What great ideas. I love to write… physically and literally. The idea of responding to text messages with hand written notes is such an awesome idea. I think I will try it…..
This post was touching and a delight to discover. Thanks for the links, too, and Happy Thanksgiving to everybody at WordPress!
I think writing with hand is very personal. It shows to some extend who you really are. Thanks for sharing your experience
Reblogged this on Creative Title and commented:
As I consider various digital tools to use in my classroom and for my classes, I’m fascinated by how we choose to represent ourselves online (sometimes referred to as one’s “personal brand”). I found this post just after reading a ThoughtCatalog piece about how personal branding is “killing our individuality” (linked below). My thoughts are muddled with these juxtaposed views, but these two popular pieces, both circulated digitally, really illustrate the kinds of arguments I love to ponder on a daily basis.
I really loved the idea. Hand written papers are more touching :) Happy thanksgiving lovely people.
Well I think each person is different. I always write my stuff down on paper. This way I’m more creative. And only after I’m done with a story I use my computer to type it in. Works for me, but I’m sure there are a lot of other person who have totally other ways to write and organize their things.
Stuff that is written on paper, provided the paper survives, will be decipherable even thousands of years from now, long after the electronic stuff our civilization has made is irretrievably gone. That’s why paper hasn’t disappeared yet.
I’m obsessed with the room journals at the Sylvia Beach Hotel and every time I am there, I write about them, using photos of the entries…I blur out last names, usually. For example:
I’ve just started getting into reading the posts that appear in the Dashboard. Better late than never? Your post has given me some great ideas for improving my blog. Thank you. The subject matter was timely, given that a recent post of mine includes thoughts on the world of physical maps compared with electronic versions.
There is something intimate between paper and pen. I’ve always preferred a pen to a keyboard. Holding the pen to see letters take form is a sensation that every of our kid need to feel. I believe it is part and parcel of the whole ‘express yourself’ exercise. The letters you form under your pen, the trailing ink and the overall display are part of the writer’s personality. I’m 39 and remember my dad teaching me penmanship. My handwriting has been acclaimed several times – but I guess they are not really that special, what makes them special is scarcity of effort to build a beautiful handwriting. People prefer technology for the ease of it – but aesthetics and personality would only be found in handwriting.
I really loved this article. Thanks!
Everyone seems to idealise secret written messages — now they have a place to send them…great idea. I’m penning my postcard now.
I prefer handwriting things — gives it more character. However in this day and age, writing things by hand seems to be going out the window. Too much technology that we don’t have a need to write by hand.
Even today, a handwritten thank you note is priceless than a bbm or Whatsapp ping. As we relish the memories…and they are past not present…
I love the idea, but the (left-handed) handwriting has never been pretty! – More than thankful to type everything!
Brilliant post. Take a look at Keith Arnatt’s ‘Notes From Jo’. A collection of once meaningless notes that become sonnets of deep love when the artist retrieves them from the bin after his wife dies. These unplanned, unauthored notes are often sweeter and more powerful in their simplicity. Our ditties have a soul that our pretentions lack.
I was going to purchase a new Bible, then went into a used book store on our local Main Street. There I found a used Bible that had numerous hand written comments in the margins of what the previous owner had learned. It is the best Bible I own and I’ve added to the eye opening learning for the next person that happens upon it.
I have eight diaries and different diaries for different things, but I post to Facebook constantly and get a substantial amount of people watching, but MY diaries are for my girls, advice and things that I have gone through that I wish someone could have told me or let me read about or see what happened. The future and the past are very important places and my memory will have served its purpose someday and I feel I won’t be able to remember special details of moments. Once I go back and read a post from a few years ago, during the same month around the same time, it all comes back — even sounds, smells from that moment. But the computer is so easy — it’s just applicable to shut down and lose all my memories!
My friend and I both write fiction, except I travel a lot for inspiration so I do write by hand often more than computers. I’m still upset that my friend published his book before I did. Oh, well. I’ll get there. Cool article!
I love seeing other people’s handwriting. It feels like a little secret treat…. and I still have a treasure bin of old letters I received as a teenager when I lived overseas for a year at 16 as well as my 16yr old self’s chocka-block diary. Today’s ‘typey’ teenagers are missing out.
Great, blogger had legible handwriting. I don’t and it’s gotten worse over the years, since I started having a computer 23 yrs. ago.
The title itself makes me to understand writing is kind of an art that we fail to do in the digital age.
I used to love writing so much that I wrote all my assignment essays myself. Today it’s mostly limited to my blogs which I write on a paper.
Thank you for mentioning A Hundred Years Ago. I am honored that you thought it was worthy to include with these other awesome blogs.
“handwritten-stories” you can see in my blog. like to write with fountain pens and I draw pictures in my moleskine notebook.
I have a weekly ‘Postcard of the Week’ feature when I scan in a favourite postcard of mine and tell the story that accompanied the trip. It’s a great way to remind myself of past travels instead of only focusing on my upcoming travels! It’s
I couldn’t agree more, and huge thanks for the mention herein. Raising a glass to old things, old rituals and memories
This is SO wonderful to see — folks STILL enjoy writing ‘old school’! One commenter had written that her handwriting was similar to her mom’s — when I write my signature my ‘J’, 98% of the time resembles my mom’s ‘J’. Sadly, I have nothing of her writing, but my memories of it. Also,up until recently, I only handwrote everything; now, I’m able to do both!
I just got myself a fountain pen. Going to start improving my handwriting and combine that with blogging in some way.
I absolutely miss handwriting, so I bought two handmade leather bound books with handmade paper and started writing letters to each of my grandchildren. I just write about everyday things and some of the hardships their Mommy has or is going through (in order to make their lives better), so when they are grown and these books of letters are given to them, they will know how much their Mommy and Grandma love them.
Hand-written notes that used to belong to someone special are priceless. I keep some small notes written by my grandmother because I want to remember her when she passes away. It is very emotional and valuable. We should not forget that we still have pens, pencils, etc to write it. It’s just so more precious than any digital letter…
I love post secrets…I don’t think there’s anyone out there who doesn’t have some secret they could put up. Makes you feel more human reading it..:)
Recently I’ve started a cookbook with my favorite recipes and family recipes, and I’m handwriting the whole thing for future generations. :) And whenever I do a scrapbook, I always make sure to do it by hand. I figure my grandkids in the future will like it better that way. :)or
titles
people
articles
view all related dvds
| view all related news |
view all related listings
/21/14 - 11:41 AM]
IDW Entertainment And Entertainment One Television To Develop "V-Wars" As A Series
Tim Schlattmann has been tapped to write the pilot, and will serve as an executive producer on the series.
[04/28/14 - 03:21 PM]
Yahoo Gives First Look at its New Video and Digital Content Programming
Yahoo today announced the first two original comedies in its new lineup of long-form shows.
[03/13/14 - 02:37 PM]
Syfy Gives 6-Hour Event Series "Ascension" Greenlight for Launch in 2014
The project, from Philip Levens, is slated to launch in November and air through December.
.
[09/17/13 - 12:19 PM]
Syfy Acquires New Original Werewolf Drama Series "Bitten" from Entertainment One
Laura Vandervoort stars as Elena Michaels, the lone female werewolf in existence.
[01/29/13 - 11:05 PM]
Development Update: Tuesday, January 29
Updates include: ABC adds four drams to its pilot roster; NBC lands comedy "Brenda Forever"; and Warner Bros. gives "Entourage" feature the green light.
[01/13/13 - 10:10 AM]
The CW at TCA: Pedowitz Gives Updates on New, Returning Projects
The network chief talks about its "Vampire Diaries" spin-off, "Amazon," "Wunderland," "The Selection," "Battle Royale" and/12/12 - 01:37 PM]
MTV Names Susanne Daniels President of Programming
Daniels was formerly head of programming at The WB, President of Entertainment at Lifetime and Director of Comedy Development at FOX.
[10/17/12 - 12:37 PM]
Jennie Garth Stars in the Heart-Pounding Lifetime Original Thriller, Nancy Grace's "The Eleventh Victim"
Colin Cunningham and Metta World Peace co-star in the project, from director Mike Rohl.
/18/12 - 07:18 AM]
Syfy Kicks Off Summer 2012 With Memorial Day Weekend Movie Festival
Titles include "Nightmare on Elm Street," "Sharktopus," "Lake Placid 2," "Serenity," "Stealth" and "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade."
[03/02/12 - 11:23 PM]
Development Update: Friday, March 2
Updates include: ABC finds its "Beauty," The CW its "Beast"; Jesse Spencer reports to NBC's "Chicago Fire"; and Dan Byrd to star in CBS sitcom pilot.
[03/01/12 - 07:38 AM]
NBC to Become U.S. Broadcaster for New CTV Drama Series "Saving Hope"
Erica Durance and Michael Shanks star in the medical drama, due this summer on the Peac - 05:35 AM]
"Smallville" Fans Rejoice! New Comic Book Series, "Smallville Season 11," to Pick Up Where Show Left Off
Former show scribe Bryan Q. Miller is behind the series, which will be published digitally on April 13.
."
[11/02/11 - 07:28 AM]
CTV Orders New One-Hour Original Drama Series "Saving Hope"
Erica Durance and Michael Shanks star in the project, which is based on stories from Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto.
/15/11 - 10:46 PM]
Development Update: Monday, August 15
Updates include: TLC cancels "Kate Plus 8"; Peter Tolan to pen NBC's Sean Hayes-led comedy; and ABC lands a pair of potential dramas.
/01/11 - 01:04 PM]
The CW Adds "Shedding for the Wedding," "Plain Jane" Repeats to Summer Schedule
"Hellcats," "Smallville" to depart lineup while "Gossip Girl," "90210" and "Nikita" will assume their fall time periods.
[06/29/11 - 12:15 PM]
Warner Bros. to Throw "Key Party" at Comic-Con 2011
Nearly 40,000 branded room keys will be available to fans at 36 participating hotels.
[06/29/11 - 06:15 AM]
First Wave of "Teen Choice 2011" Nominees Announced
FOX's annual summer event airs Sunday, August 7 as "Glee" tops the TV list with nine nominations.
[05/13/11 - 12:06 AM]
Interview: "Smallville" Executive Producers Brian Peterson & Kelly Souders
The show's two-hour series finale airs tonight at 8:00/7:00c on The CW.
.
[02/17/11 - 12:40 PM]
Aaron Ashmore ("Smallville") Reports for Duty at Syfy's Hit Series "Warehouse 13"
He'll play Steve Jinks, a young ATF agent with an innate ability to detect when someone's lying.
[02/16/11 - 11:36 AM]
Michael Rosenbaum Returns as Lex Luthor for the "Smallville" Series Finale
The network formally announces the actor's return to the/13/10 - 12:20 PM]
The CW Network Unveils Midseason Schedule
"Hellcats" moves to Tuesdays as "Top Model," "Shedding for the Wedding" set for February 23.
[12/10/10 - 12:08 PM]
"Smallville" Launches the "Believe in Heroes" Challenge, Offering Fans a Chance to Appear in the "Beacon" Episode on Friday, February 4
Fans can submit their own video testimonials, one of which will appear in said installment.
/29/10 - 08:34 AM]
Spike TV Presents New Slate of Scripted Original Pilots
The crop includes six comedies, "many of which revolve around the crazy antics of dysfunctional co-workers and families" and a one-hour drama focusing on domestic terrorism.
/27/10 - 01:05 PM]
The CW's November Sweep Highlights
The netlet details its programming highlights for the sweeps period (SPOILERS!).
/27/10 - 03:59 PM]
The CW Scores Super Friday with Reteaming of Smallville and Supernatural
The CW spins the numbers for Friday, September 24.
[09/15/10 - 07:08 PM]
Development Update: Wednesday, September 15
Updates include: FOX lands J.J. Abrams-produced "Alcatraz"; "Big Bang" leads complete their salary negotiations; and Candice Bergen to visit FOX's "House."
.
/29/10 - 03:25 PM]
The CW at TCA: Ostroff Touts Online Viewership
Plus: details on "America's Next Top Model's" new season; episode orders for "Life Unexpected," "One Tree Hill"; and more!
:03 PM]
Live at the San Diego Comic-Con: A Few Minutes With... "Smallville" Star Tom Welling
[07/26/10 - 06:02 PM]
Live at the San Diego Comic-Con: A Few Minutes With... "Smallville" Co-Star John Schneider
[07/26/10 - 06:02 PM]
Live at the San Diego Comic-Con: A Few Minutes With... "Smallville" Co-Star Erica Durance
[07/26/10 - 06:02 PM]
Live at the San Diego Comic-Con: A Few Minutes With... "Smallville" Executive Producer Brian Peterson
/20/10 - 05:22 AM]
The CW Announces 2010-2011 Schedule
"After just four short years as a network, The CW will premiere our strongest schedule ever this fall," said Dawn Ostroff.
[05/19/10 - 06:43 PM]
Development Update: Wednesday, May 19
Updates include: "Smallville" to call it quits after season 10; The CW adds "Shedding for the Wedding"; and "Beauty and the Geek" alums unveil "Geek Meets Girl."
[05/06/10 - 02:08 PM]
Exclusive: "Supernatural" Repeats Get Friday Slot
The series will follow "Smallville" at 9:00/8:00c beginning May 28.
[05/04/10 - 06:14 AM]
Spike TV Presents New Slate of Non-Scripted Original Pilots
Meanwhile the scripted front includes "Rebel League," "Kings By Night," "Fort Bush," "Back Nine" and "Playing With Guns."
/30/10 - 11:00 AM]
Tweet with the Stars of "@cw_network"
Cast and crew from the netlet's lineup will live tweet during episodes of their series the week of May 3-7.
[04/21/10 - 11:43 AM]
The CW's May Sweep Highlights: Vampires, Witches, Lucifer, Zod and Human Guest Stars Abound
The CW details its May sweeps highlights (SPOILERS!).
/19/10 - 12:41 PM]
Grey'S, "House," "Office" See Largest Dvr Growth
Said trio - plus "Lost" and "The Big Bang Theory" - have added a full ratings point among adults 18-49 when Live+7 numbers are factored in.
:42 PM]
The CW Confirms Finale Dates for 2009-10
It all begins with "Life Unexpected" on Monday, April 12 and concludes on Wednesday, May 19 with "America's Next Top Model: Revealed."
[03/04/10 - 02:43 PM]
Smallville to Return for a Tenth Season on the Cw
The veteran drama will join previous pickups "The Vampire Diaries," "Gossip Girl," "90210," "Supernatural" and "America's Next Top Model."
[02/26/10 - 08:34 AM]
Spike TV Scores Another 13 Episodes of Original Scripted Comedy 'Blue Mountain State'
The series has averaged nearly one million viewers since its launch last month.
[02/20/10 - 12:07 AM]
Development Update: Saturday, February 20
Updates include: CBS, FOX greenlight more pilots; ABC Family to renew "Greek"; and Bill Pullman, Kristin Kreuk are among the latest to land pilots.
[02/08/10 - 04:33 PM]
Super-Sized Smallville Scores Super Friday Ratings for the Cw
The CW spins the numbers for Friday, February 5.
/08/10 - 03:06 PM]
The CW Network Unveils Midseason Schedule
"America's Next Top Model" to return on March 3 while "90210" and " Melrose Place" are back on March 9.
[12/09/09 - 11:14 AM]
Spike TV Takes to the Field with New Original Scripted Comedy Series 'Blue Mountain State'
The series will now kick off with back-to-back episodes on Tuesday, January 12 starting at 10:00/9:00c.
[12/16/09 - 02:20 PM]
Smallville Scores Largest Audience of the Season
The CW spins the numbers for Friday, November 13.
 - 04:24 PM]
The Playback Payoff: The CW Again Scores Largest Percent Gains of Any Network in Latest Live+7 Data
The CW further spins the numbers for the week of October 19-25.
[11/09/09 - 01:51 PM]
Smallville Flies to New Season Highs
The CW spins the numbers for Friday, November 6.
 - 12:20 PM]
Grey'S, "Dollhouse," "Smallville" Top Dvr Gains
Other beneficiaries include "The Mentalist," "Fringe," "House," "The Office," "Melrose Place" and "90210."
[10/08/09 - 06:26 PM]
Development Update: Thursday, October 8
Updates include: Tom Welling has "Cheer" for The CW; CBS moves forward with its "Hawaii Five-O" update; and Ellen Page to co-write a new comedy for HBO.
 - 10:28 AM]
Chicks Dig the Vampires! Vampire Diaries Sets Record as the CW's Most Watched Series Premiere Ever
The CW spins the numbers for Thursday, September 10.
[08/24/09 - 04:27 PM]
Video: Smallville Trailer - Vigilante
Check out the latest promo for the new season, due on Friday, September 25.
[08/10/09 - 08:44 AM]
Winners of "Teen Choice 2009" Announced
Television winners include "Gossip Girl," "Heroes," "The Hills" and "American Idol."
[08/05/09 - 11:16 AM]
The CW at TCA: Ostroff, Producers Tout New Season
Check out highlights from Tuesday's panels featuring "The Vampire Diaries," "The Beautiful Life," "Melrose Place" and "Life UneXpected."
/29/09 - 05:20 PM]
Live at the San Diego Comic-Con: "Smallville"
/15/09 - 12:15 PM]
Grab Your Surfboards and Catch the First Wave of "Teen Choice 2009" Nominees
On the TV front: "Gossip Girl" and its cast each scored 10 nominations while "American Idol" received seven nominations.
[05/21/09 - 05:59 AM]
The CW Announces Schedule for 2009-2010 Season
It's here: The CW announces its 2009-10 season plans!
[05/12/09 - 12:10 PM]
'Celebrity Apprentice,' 'Biggest Loser,' 'The Office' and 'Svu' Are Among the Standouts in NBC's Primetime Week of May 4-10
NBC spins the numbers for the week of May 4-10.
[05/06/09 - 12:26 PM]
'The Office,' 'Svu,' 'Biggest Loser' and 'Celebrity Apprentice' Lead NBC's Primetime Week of April 27-May 3
NBC spins the numbers for the week of April 27-May 3.
/03/09 - 12:18 PM]
The CW's "Supernatural" Beats the Devil, Posting Its Best Adults 18-34 Ratings Since Oct 2006
The CW spins the numbers for Thursday, April 2.
:29 PM]
Starz Snares Its Spartacus!
Andy Whitfield is set as the title role, while Lucy Lawless also stars in the original series.
/16/09 - 07:23 AM]
Spike TV Gives Series Order to 'Blue Mountain State' Produced by Varsity Pictures' Brian Robbins and Lionsgate
The comedy series is scheduled to premiere this summer.
/24/09 - 01:41 PM]
The CW Announces Early Pickups of Series
"Gossip Girl," "One Tree Hill," "90210," "America's Next Top Model," "Smallville" and "Supernatural" are all set to return next season.
/17/09 - 01:05 PM]
Taken in Broad Daylight Ranks as One of Lifetime Movie Network's Top-Rated Originals with Its Sunday, February 15, Premiere
LMN spins the numbers for Sunday, February 15.
.
[02/02/09 - 09:41 AM]
ABC Family Announces Pick-Up of Three Pilots
Additionally, both "Greek" (20 episodes) and "Lincoln Heights" (10 episodes) are set to return in summer 2009.
[01/30/09 - 01:33 PM]
The CW Scores Strong Thursday as "Smallville" Grows and "Supernatural" Hits Season Highs
The CW spins the numbers for Thursday, January 29.
/03/08 - 10:01 AM]
The CW Network Announces Midseason Schedule Including Premiere of New Fright-Filled Reality Series "13 - Fear Is Real" and Return of "Reaper"
"Reaper" will join "90210" on Tuesday nights beginning March 17.
[11/25/08 - 10:05 AM]
NBC Results for the Primetime Week of NoV. 17-23
NBC spins the numbers for the week of November 17-23.
[11/20/08 - 12:19 PM]
The CW Extinguishes Mrc's Sunday Lineup
An assortment of repeats and theatricals will fill the night starting November 30.
/11/08 - 03:26 PM]
The CW: The Only Network to Improve Over a Year Ago with Young Women
The CW spins the numbers for the week of November 3-9.
[11/11/08 - 12:31 PM]
NBC Ties for #1 in Adults 18-49 for the Primetime Week of NoV. 3-9
NBC spins the numbers for the week of November 3-9.
[11/04/08 - 01:25 PM]
'The Office,' '30 Rock,' 'Heroes' and 'Sunday Night Football' Pace NBC's Primetime Week of OcT. 27-NoV. 2
NBC spins the numbers for the week of October 27-November 2.
[10/31/08 - 03:10 PM]
Smallville and "Supernatural" on the Rise, Performing at Or Near Season Highs
The CW spins the numbers for Thursday, October 30.
[10/31/08 - 12:54 PM]
'30 Rock' Sets New Series Highs in 18-49 and Total Viewers
NBC spins the numbers for Thursday, October 30.
[10/27/08 - 11:18 AM]
Starz Declares - "We Are 'Spartacus!'"
Sam Raimi, Rob Tapert and Joshua Donen are the executive producers of the series with Steven S. DeKnight serving as showrunner.
[10/23/08 - 01:59 PM]
FOX Shelves "Hole in the Wall"
Repeats of "Kitchen Nightmares" will fill the Thursday, 8:00/7:00c hour for the foreseeable future.
[10/22/08 - 06:32 PM]
Development Update: Wednesday, October 22
Updates include: newcomer Ben Koldyke to topline FOX's "Boldly Going Nowhere"; while John Glover is set to visit ABC's "Brothers & Sisters."
[10/15/08 - 01:12 PM]
The CW's November Sweep Parties with Great Guest Stars from Perez Hilton to Wallace Shawn
The CW details its November sweeps highlights. (SPOILERS)
[10/14/08 - 01:03 PM]
'Snl Weekend Update Thursday,' 'The Office,' and 'Sunday Night Football' Pace NBC's Primetime Week of OcT. 6-12
NBC spins the numbers for the week of October 6-12.
[10/10/08 - 01:17 PM]
'Kath & Kim' and 'Saturday Night Live' Help Boost NBC to Its Best Non-Sports Thursday Since March
NBC spins the numbers for Thursday, October 9.
[10/08/08 - 02:51 PM]
ABC Family Continues Its Original Programming Momentum with All New Pilot Production
"10 Things I Hate About You" and "Ruby and The Rockits" will both go into production this fall and will film in Los Angel - 03:51 PM]
Heroes Returns to G4 This Fall Starting September 23
In 2007, G4 secured off-network rights to "Heroes" from NBC Universal Domestic Television Distribution.
[09/18/08 - 12:07 AM]
The Futon's First Look: The New Seasons of "Smallville" & "Supernatural" (The CW)
/19/08 - 12:20 PM]
The CW Network Announces Fall 2008 Premiere Dates
"Gossip Girl," "One Tree Hill," "90210" and "Top Model" are all set to debut the week of September 1.
/10/08 - 09:06 AM]
'Heroes' Webisodes Premiere on NBC.com on July 14th
In "Going Postal," users will get an early glimpse of a new character with special powers and watch his destiny begin to unfold.
[06/18/08 - 04:26 PM]
Development Update: Wednesday, June 18
Updates include: Madchen Amick lands "Gossip Girl" arc; "Smallville" casts new villains; and more behind-the-scenes changes on ABC's "Dirty Sexy - 05:29 PM]
Joint Statement Regarding Michael Rosenbaum's Departure from "Smallville"
The show's executive producers, The CW, Warner Bros. Television and Rosenbaum himself detail the actor's exit from the veteran drama.
[04/24/08 - 08:36 AM]
The CW's May Sweep Features Winners, Sinners and Home-Cooked Dinners
(SPOILERS) The netlet presents an overview of its May sweeps highlights.
/02/08 - 04:49 PM]
ABC Family Announces Casting for "Untitled Brenda Hampton Project" Which Is Set to Premiere This Summer
Among the additions: Molly Ringwald, John Schneider and Ernie Hud - 03:32 PM]
James Marsters Returns in the Season Finale of BBC America's Torchwood
"Torchwood's" second season finale airs Saturday, April 19, 9:00 p.m. ET/PT.
 - 11:30 AM]
The CW Announces Schedule for Return of Original Episodes of Scripted Series
Plus: "Supernatural" will return on April 24 while "Reaper" will shift back to Tuesdays starting April 22.
/03/07 - 04:40 PM]
Promax/Bda, the CW and Blink Launch 2nd Annual College Promo Competition: Making the Cut 2008
This time, students will have the opportunity to submit entries for The CW's "Supernatural," "Gossip Girl" and "Smallville."
.
 - 10:33 AM]
With Break-Out Performances from New and Returning Series, NBC Ties for Premiere Week's Top Spot in 18-49
NBC spins the numbers for the week of September 24-30.
:01 PM]
Free to Win Big at the 2007 Promax/Bda Awards
The netlet won awards for several Kids' WB! promotions, as well as primetime series including "Supernatural" and "Smallville."
[06/11/07 - 02:03 PM]
Supergirl Flies Into "Smallville" Dc Comics' Superheroine Joins the Cast
The show's seventh season premiere kicks off with the arrival of Supergirl, whose name is Kara, as Clark's (Tom Welling) 19-year-old cousin.
/24/07 - 02:52 PM]
NBC Ratings Results for the Week of April 16-22
NBC spins the numbers for the week of April 16-22.
/15/07 - 04:13 PM]
Chris Castallo Named Senior Vice President, Alternative Programming, CBS Entertainment
Castallo - previousy a Senior Vice President, Development at NBC - is charged with developing new alternative programs, including reality, game shows and other non-scripted programming.
:37 PM]
Actress Tori Spelling Turns Innkeeper in Oxygen's New Reality Series Tori & Dean: Inn Love
The series, now officially dubbed "Tori & Dean: Inn Love," will premiere Wednesday, March 21 at 10:00/9.
[11/07/06 - 05:56 PM]
The CW's Comedies, "Smallville" and "Smackdown" All Reach New Season Highs This Week
The CW spins the numbers for the week of October 30-November 5.
[10/31/06 - 05:13 PM]
Through Six Weeks, the CW Continues to Improve Over Over UPN and WB in Target Adults 18-34
The CW spins the numbers for the week of October 23-29.
/27/06 - 12:33 PM]
The CW Posts Week-To-Week Gains Against Thursday Competition, Including World Series
The CW spins the numbers for Thursday, October 26.
"
[09/11/06 - 12:00 AM]
Ghosts, Ghouls and Goblins Inhabit ABC Family for Eighth Annual 13 Nights of Halloween
[08/19/06 - 12:00 AM]
Winners of the 2006 Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards Announced
[08/03/06 - 12:00 AM]
Rihanna to Perform at "Teen Choice 2006" Live Sunday, August 20, on FOX
[07/26/06 - 12:00 AM]
Emmy Award Winning FOX Comedy ''Arrested Development'' Finds Post Broadcast Home Online, on Hi-Def TV and on Basic Cable
[07/25/06 - 12:00 AM]
Warner BroS. & Apple Bring Television Favorites to the Itunes Music Store
[07/21/06 - 12:00 AM]
Get Yer Scream On! Categories and Nominees Announced for Spike TV's Scream Awards 2006
[07/17/06 - 12:00 AM]
The CW Network Announces Its Inaugural 2006-2007 Premiere Schedule
[07/10/06 - 12:00 AM]
Warner Horizon Television Names Shelley Zimmerman Senior Vice President, Scripted Programming
/18/06 - 12:00 AM]
The CW Unveils Its First Primetime Schedule
[05/17/06 - 12:00 AM]
The CW Unveils New Logo, Sets Pickups
[05/16/06 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of May 8-14
[05/16/06 - 12:00 AM]
ABC Unveils 2006-07 Primetime Schedule
[05/09/06 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of May 1-7
[05/02/06 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of April 24-30
[05/02/06 - 12:00 AM]
The N Unveils the Secrets That Lie Buried Beneath the Snow on Whistler, a New Hour-Long Mystery Premiering Friday, June 30
[04/25/06 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of April 17-23
[04/18/06 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of April 10-16
[04/07/06 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: April 6-7
[03/01/06 - 12:00 AM]
ESPN and Tollin/Robbins Productions to Chronicle Barry Bonds' Historic Season Eoe Series to Take an Inside Look at Pursuit of Home Run Milestones
[02/01/06 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's February Sweep
[01/31/06 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Announces Midseason Changes
[01/31/06 - 12:00 AM]
Man of Steel Still Going Strong at 100 as "Smallville" Achieves Network Records in Milestone Episode
[01/30/06 - 12:00 AM]
2006 Natpe Wrap-Up Report
[01/27/06 - 12:00 AM]
Man of Steel Still Going Strong at 100
[01/24/06 - 12:00 AM]
CBS Corporation and Warner BroS. Entertainment Form New 5th Broadcast Network
[01/20/06 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: January 20
[01/20/06 - 12:00 AM]
Beauty and the Geek Continues to Build on Its Success, Coming Back Stronger Than Ever
[01/17/06 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: January 17
[01/16/06 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's Upcoming Guest Stars Include Nick Lachey, James Denton, Kelly Carlson and James Marsters
[01/13/06 - 12:00 AM]
Beauty and the Geek Is a Hit!
[01/09/06 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: January 6-9
[01/03/06 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Revises 'Geek' Plans, Gives 'Fran' Last-Minute Return
[12/13/05 - 12:00 AM]
Related Puts the WB in "7th Heaven"
[12/12/05 - 12:00 AM]
Brokeback Mountain and "Crash" Lead the Nominations for the Broadcast Film Critics Association 11th Annual Critics' Choice Awards
[12/09/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Thursday Is in the Holiday Spirit, Giving the Network Another Night of Industry-Leading Gains
[12/01/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Thursday Has a November to Remember
/30/05 - 12:00 AM]
UPN Announces Premiere Dates for Two Mid-Season Series
[11/29/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: November 28-29
[11/22/05 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of NoV. 14/16/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: November 15-16
[11/15/05 - 12:00 AM]
Season-To-Date and Sweep-To-Date, UPN Delivers More Growth Than Any Other Network in Adults and Women 18-34
[11/15/05 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of NoV. 7-13
[11/14/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: November 10-14
[11/11/05 - 12:00 AM]
7th Heaven to Go Out on Top
[11/11/05 - 12:00 AM]
Everybody Hates Chris Continues to Be a Ratings Force for UPN on the Intensely Competitive Thursday Night
[11/09/05 - 12:00 AM]
Family Friendly Programming Forum to Celebrate Seventh Annual Family Television Awards in Beverly Hills
[11/08/05 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of OcT. 31-NoV. 6
[11/04/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Cleans Up the First Day of the November Sweep
[11/01/05 - 12:00 AM]
Highest-Rated Friday & Sunday of the Broadcast Season Join the WB Tuesday & Thursday Among the Network's Success Stories for the Week
]
NBC Primetime Results for the Week of OcT. 17-23
[10/21/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Thursday Again Proves to Be Television's Best Scheduling Move of the Season
[10/20/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's November Sweep

[09/30/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: September 28-30
]
CBS's Regular Thursday Lineup Returns from Its Summer Sabbatical to Dominate the Competition
[09/21/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: September 20-21
[08/10/05 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Gives Viewers a Sneak Peek at Its Fall TV Season with Annual 'NBC Premiere Week Preview Show' in August-September
[08/04/05 - 12:00 AM]
Modern Men Gets Its Woman
[07/26/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: July 25-26
[07/22/05 - 12:00 AM]
James Marsters Visits "Smallville" as the Evil Brainiac and Tom Wopat Reunites with Series Star John Schneider
[07/22/05 - 12:00 AM]
Felicity: An American Girl Adventure Will Debut November 29 on the Wb
[07/22/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Rolls Out the Welcome Mat for New Cast Members in the 2005-2006 Season
[07/22/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's 2005 Premiere Schedule
[07/14/05 - 12:00 AM]
57th Annual Primetime Emmy Nominees
[06/30/05 - 12:00 AM]
Angie Harmon ('Law & Order') Returns to NBC as a Maverick Fertility Doctor in the New Drama 'Inconceivable'
[06/29/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: June 29
[06/16/05 - 12:00 AM]
Viewer Favorite "Clubhouse" Returns, Thursdays on Hdnet
[06/15/05 - 12:00 AM]
Boomtown Is Back, Wednesdays on Hdnet
/16/05 - 12:00 AM]
ABC Family Premieres First Original Scripted Series 'Wildfire' Monday, June 20
[05/15/05 - 12:00 AM]
Nbc, Abc, FOX and the WB Set Initial 2005-06 Season Orders
[05/10/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Network, American Girl, InC., Revolution Studios and Warner BroS. Television Team Up for the Second Original Made-For-Television Movie Based on the Popular American Girl Characters
[04/28/05 - 12:00 AM]
Fast Times at "One Tree Hill"
[04/20/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's May Sweep - Part 2
[04/20/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's May Sweep - Part 1
[04/19/05 - 12:00 AM]
Superheroes Unite May 18 on the WB
[04/05/05 - 12:00 AM]
Fresh from the Daily Planet: Lifehouse to Play at the "Smallville" High Senior Prom
[03/28/05 - 12:00 AM]
ABC Family Picks Up Its Second Original Scripted Series
[03/14/05 - 12:00 AM]
NBC Announces Aggressive New Structure for Series Development Teams
[03/02/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: March 2
[02/22/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: February 21-22
[02/16/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: February 16
[01/26/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: January 24-26
[01/22/05 - 12:00 AM]
Living with Fran -- Show Description
[01/22/05 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's February Sweep
[01/18/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: January 17-18
[01/06/05 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: January 5-6
[12/16/04 - 12:00 AM]
Original Miniseries 'Legend of Earthsea' Earns Sci Fi Channel Top Spot in Cable

[12/01/04 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's Garth Ancier to Be Honored at the Teddy Bear Ball
[10/26/04 - 12:00 AM]
The WB's November Sweep
[10/20/04 - 12:00 AM]
Report: The New Season Thus Far
[10/19/04 - 12:00 AM]
Dc Comics Characters the Flash and Mxyzptlk Arrive in 'Smallville' and Clash with Clark Kent for the First Time
[10/13/04 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: October 11-13
[10/12/04 - 12:00 AM]
Both 'Gilmore Girls' and 'Smallville' Deliver Double and Triple Digit Increases in Key Demos Their First Week on ABC Family
[09/13/04 - 12:00 AM]
Smallville' Lands on ABC Family
[09/09/04 - 12:00 AM]
Big Screen 'Superman' Star Margot Kidder to Visit the WB's 'Smallville'
[09/07/04 - 12:00 AM]
ABC Family Celebrates 'Smallville' and 'Gilmore Girls' Joining the Channel with the Premiere of Two Originals 'Smallville Backstage Special' and 'Gilmore Girls Backstage Special' Saturday, OcT. 2 and Sunday, OcT. 3
[08/26/04 - 12:00 AM]
USA to Move Into 'The District' Come September
[07/14/04 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Lines Up Fall Premiere Dates
[07/13/04 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: July 12-13
[06/08/04 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Blinks: 'Mountain' to Wednesdays This Fall
[06/03/04 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: June 1-3
/06/04 - 12:00 AM]
USA Relocates 'Evil,' Sets '4,400' Start Date
[05/06/04 - 12:00 AM]
WB Gives 'Jack & Bobby' First 2004-05 Drama Order
[04/27/04 - 12:00 AM]
'Friends,' 'Frasier' Finales Highlight NBC's May Sweeps Plans
[04/27/04 - 12:00 AM]
'Friends,' 'Frasier' Finales Highlight NBC's May Sweeps Plans
[04/27/04 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Orders Second Season of 'One Tree Hill'
[04/23/04 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Gears Up for May Sweeps
[04/13/04 - 12:00 AM]
Production Begins on HBO's 'Entourage,' USA's 'The 4,400'
[04/12/04 - 12:00 AM]
'Everwood,' 'Smallville' Get 2004-05 Season Renewals
[04/05/04 - 12:00 AM]
Sci Fi Announces 2005-06 Plans, 'Farscape'S' Return
[03/26/04 - 12:00 AM]
'Smallville,' 'Jamie Kennedy' Repeats Head to ABC Family
[03/22/04 - 12:00 AM]
Report: How Does Your Favorite Show Stack Up?
[03/17/04 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: March 17
[03/11/04 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: March 11
[03/03/04 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: March 3
[02/03/04 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: February 3
[02/02/04 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Unwraps Its February Sweeps Plans
[01/30/04 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: January 30
[01/19/04 - 12:00 AM]
TCA Winter Press Tour: Cbs
[01/14/04 - 12:00 AM]
TCA Winter Press Tour: Nbc
[01/13/04 - 12:00 AM]
TCA Winter Press Tour: The Wb
[12/05/03 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: December 5
[11/14/03 - 12:00 AM]
Broadcast Networks Shuffle Final Two Nights of Sweeps
[11/11/03 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: November 11
[10/30/03 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Maps November Sweeps Plans
[10/21/03 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: October 21
[10/09/03 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: October 9
[10/08/03 - 12:00 AM]
Big Three Networks Debate Second Week of Fall Season
[10/03/03 - 12:00 AM]
'Smallville' Opener Tops Among Teens, Other Key Demos
[09/12/03 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: September 12
[08/21/03 - 12:00 AM]
USA's 'Dead Zone' a Go for Third Season
[08/15/03 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: August 15
[08/06/03 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: August 6
[07/29/03 - 12:00 AM]
Abc, the WB Announce Fall 2003 Premiere Dates
[06/23/03 - 12:00 AM]
Development Update: June 23
[06/18/03 - 12:00 AM]
'Smallville' Tops Latest Slate of DVD Releases
[06/05/03 - 12:00 AM]
USA to Air Banned Episode of 'Dead Zone'
 1
[05/13/03 - 12:00 AM]
Broadcast Upfront Presentations: Abc
[05/12/03 - 12:00 AM]
WB Greenlights Four Comedies, Two Dramas for Fall Schedule
[05/12/03 - 12:00 AM]
Marsters In, Carpenter Out as the WB Renews 'Angel'
[04/25/03 - 12:00 AM]
Studios Keep Producers Happy
[04/23/03 - 12:00 AM]
Warner BroS., Columbia Tristar to Continue TV on DVD Trend
[04/18/03 - 12:00 AM]
'Sabrina' to End as the WB Sets May Sweeps Plans
[03/25/03 - 12:00 AM]
The WB Renews Six Scripted Series
SMALLVILLE (CW)
BROADCAST HISTORY:
10/16/01 - 5/13/11
STATUS:
canceled/ended (2010-2011 season)
TIME SLOT:
completed airing its current season
SEASON(S):
10 (218 episodes, 0 of which have yet to air)
VISIT THE OFFICIAL WEB SITE
Missed an episode? Been wanting to catch up? This series is also available on:
ADDITIONAL NOTES:
series finale aired on 5/13/11
DESCRIPTION:
(from The CW's press release, February 2011) The CW will present the series finale of SMALLVILLE as an epic two-hour television event on Friday, May 13 (8:00-10:00.
PRINCIPAL CAST INFORMATION:
·
Cassidy Freeman
as Tess Mercer
·
Erica Durance
as Lois Lane
·
Justin Hartley
as Oliver Queen
·
Tom Welling
as Clark Kent
RECURRING/PREVIOUS CAST INFORMATION:
·
Aaron Ashmore
as Jimmy Olsen
·
Allison Mack
as Chloe Sullivan
·
Annette O'Toole
as Martha Kent
·
Callum Blue
as Zod
·
Eric Johnson
as Whitney Fordman
·
Jensen Ackles
as Jason Teague
·
John Glover
as Lionel Luthor
·
John Schneider
as Jonathan Kent
·
Kristin Kreuk
as Lana Lang
·
Laura Vandervoort
as Kara
·
Michael Rosenbaum
as Lex Luthor
·
Sam Jones III
as Pete Ross
·
Sam Witwer
as Davis Bloome
CREW INFORMATION:
·
Al Septien
as CO-EP
·
Alfred Gough
as WRTR (Pilot)
·
Anne Cofell Saunders
as SP
·
Brian Peterson
as EP
·
Brian Robbins
as EP
·
David Nutter
as DIR (Pilot)
·
Don Whitehead
as PROD
·
Holly Henderson
as PROD
·
Jae Marchant
as CO-EP
·
James Marshall
as EP
·
Joe Davola
as EP
·
Jordan Hawley
as SP
·
Kelly Souders
as EP
·
Mike Tollin
as EP
·
Miles Millar
as WRTR (Pilot)
·
Rob Maier
as SP
·
Scott Graham
as CO-PROD
·
Tim Scanlan
as CO-EP
·
Tom Flores
as PROD
·
Tom Welling
as EP
·
Turi Meyer
as CO-EP
GENRE(S):
· based on a comic book
· drama
STUDIO INFORMATION:
· DC Comics
· Millar-Gough Ink
· Tollin-Robbins Productions
· Warner Bros. TelevisionDragon Quest X battles detailed
Square Enix has opened up on how Dragon Quest’s traditional turn-based combat has been translated for MMORPG Dragon Quest X.
As detailed by Andriasang, players will be able to move freely around battle environments at any time, rather than remaining in place between attacks and skills. That said, when players choose specific attacks, the character will automatically move to an appropriate target within range of that attack.
Each player’s speed parameter determines how frequently they can issue a command. Because you can input commands as the next cooldown triggers, you’ll be able to chain together attacks if you’re precise with timing.
It sounds like control will be a major focus of group combat; a parameter called weight determines whether attacks will freeze enemies in place, preventing them from attacking more distant party members. In conjunction with the ranges on attacks mentioned above, it highlights positioning.
There’s a bunch of new screens and some more information through the link above. Dragon Quest X arrives on Wii in Japan in August, and on Wii U some time after the system launches. A western launch has not been confirmed. The subscription MMO caters to children with a special daily free period.Stig and the BAC Mono
This 519bhp/tonne single-seater is one of the most exciting British cars in years: we take it up north for a debut outing
Posted: 10 Oct 2011
Almost as shocking as the momentous, massless acceleration is how easy, how natural, it is to drive the Mono fast. It's a grim cliché to describe a car as an extension of your body, but here it's actually true. Lying on your back in the dead centre of the chassis, a wheel at each corner, engine behind your head and a never-ending slug of even, addictive power, it's an act of instinct to thread the Mono through corners, rear tyres chatting convivially with your bottom.
What do you think?TERA: Rising Surpasses 1.4 Million Players in NA
TERAÂs free-to-play transition with the TERA: Rising update has provided quite a boon to the action MMOGÂs playerbase in both NA and EU. Last week EU publisher Gameforge announced that its playerbase had increased by more than 500,000 players since the launch of TERA: Rising. Following suit this week, NA publisher En Masse Entertainment announced that its playerbase has increased by more than 1.4 million since the gameÂs free-to-play switch, and the concurrent user numbers have increased by 10-fold.
To celebrate the increase in new players, En Masse Entertainment announced the Dracoloths Rising event that is set to begin today and run through Sunday, March 24th. During the event, players will have the chance to take on some of TERAÂs big monsters for high-level gear and consumable items.
You can sign up to start playing for free on the TERA: Rising website.
En Masse EntertainmentÂs TERA: Rising Soars to over One Million Players in North America after Subscription-free Transition
Award-winning MMORPGÂs Player Community Embraces Free-to-Play Model and New Content
SEATTLEÂMarch 20, 2013ÂEn Masse EntertainmentÂ, a player-driven publisher focused on delivering fun and innovative online games, announced today that player accounts for the North American version of TERAÂ:Âs subscription-free evolution. To celebrate this success and share the rewards with players, the company is announcing Dracoloths Rising, a five-day event to hunt big-ass monsters for special drops and prizes.
ÂWeÂve been blown away by the waves of players logging into TERA, and weÂre seeing amazing growth in both registrations and daily users. ItÂs always great to eclipse the one-million-player mark, and at our current rate, it wonÂt be long before we hit two million,Â said Chris Lee, CEO of En Masse Entertainment. ÂThis success is pushing En Masse even harder to deliver more content and improve our service, so stay tuned!Â
TERA: RisingÂs game-changing transition to cost-free gameplay isnÂt the only thing attracting new and returning players. The action MMO launched with a substantial number of new features, including the epic, high-level Crucible of Flame dungeon, the ChampionsÂ..
The recipient of multiple industry accolades, including ÂBest PC GameÂ at E3 and ÂBest CombatÂ at PAX, TERA gives players the best of both worlds: MMO depth delivered with the visceral gratification of an action game. In TERA: Rising, players actively aim, dodge and block, as the gameÂs real-time combat system takes into account player skill and position as well as stats. Players join a united federation to save the world and can also participate in the gameÂs forward-thinking political system, through which they wield power based on their in-game political prowess or PvP combat skill. New players can enjoy standard status for free with no level cap or content restrictions. Anyone who purchased the game will gain permanent founder status with special privileges. Elite status is available for players who want to further customize their gameplay experience.
For more information on TERA: RisingÂor to start playing for freeÂplease visit TERA-online.com.
About En Masse Entertainment
En Masse Entertainment is an online game publisher based in Seattle, Washington. The companyÂs mission is to use its expertise to bring stellar online games to new markets. TERA, En MasseÂs inaugural title, TERA, features a dynamic battle system, next-generation graphics, and a gamer-centric community experience. For more information, visit bluehole.net/eng.
# # #
Â© 2013 Atari Europe SASU. All rights reserved. Atari word mark and logo are trademarks owned by Atari Interactive, Inc. All other trademarks are property of their respective owners.Outpatient mental health clinic specializing in treating
children and their families. We also provide parenting seminars and
parent consultation.
Free CPR Class
CPR classes for parents, grandparents, schools, caregivers,
babysitters, camps. Classes given at your location. Instructor is
special needs nurse....
Come Try us Out! We are the best choice for Birthday
Parties, Scout Parties, School Fund Raisers and Lock Ins. Let
us make your special...
Your
party options are endless at the H-F Racquet & Fitness Club for
your active child. Choose from an indoor pool party, tennis
carnival party...
Treats behavioral, emotional and developmental issues of
children and adolescents with special needs. Includes
neuropsychological and psychological...Welcome to Unexplained Mysteries! Please sign in or create an account to start posting and to access a host of extra features.
proof hellboy exists?
Started by mahindu , Sep 19 2012 08:32 PM
92 replies to this topic
0 user(s) are reading this topic
0 members, 0 guests, 0 anonymous usersSetting Bob Plunket straight on those "English muffins."
By Judi Gallagher
But this is the guy who wants to take me to a buffet in St. Pete in a not-so- posh neighborhood for lunch. So when Bob told me the little English muffin sandwiches at the new Bella Gente on South Osprey were wonderful, I had to hesitate. Wait a minute, I’m thinking, if Bella Gente is owned by the same people as Café Bologna (the tiny Italian restaurant that the famed Marcella Hazan first told us all about), why would they be serving English muffins?
The display at Bella Gente.
So Bob, while you may not always have the culinary details down correctly, I gotta say—great call on Bella Gente. I owe you a Mortadella sandwich.
I do gleefully remember Bob trying the olive oil sorbet.SPRING GAP
SPRING GAP. Spring Gap is a pass between Spring Mesa (elevation 2,182 feet) and Bald Eagle Hill (elevation 2,204 feet) in east central Callahan County (at 32°16' N, 99°17' W). The area is flat and has local deep and dense dissections; oak, juniper, and mesquite grow from generally shallow and stony soils.
Citation
The following, adapted from the Chicago Manual of Style, 15th edition, is the preferred citation for this article."SPRING GAP," Handbook of Texas Online (), accessed May 22, 2015. Uploaded on June 15, 2010. Published by the Texas State Historical Association. bought our car a little over a year ago at Northwest Jeep Chrysler Dodge.
We have had our car in the shop a few times since then for oil changes, recall upgrades and one time, this week, for an honest to goodness "something isn't right with the car."
I have yet to have a bad experience with any...
Read the full review
I took my 300 SRT8 in for warranty issues and service. I had to continually follow up with warranty issues and they dropped the ball on replacement parts. They did not come across as wanting to help with warranty and made excuses for the brakes - at first. The service technician over inflated the ti...
Read the full review
Recommend this dealer? No
Took my Jeep Patriot in to have the alignment checked because it was pulling to the right.
After checking the alignment, the service rep did indeed find that the car was pulling to the right, but that was how Chrysler designed its cars. He proceeds to tell me it's a safety feature so that if I fa...
Read the full reviewModel 4196 Left Ventricular (LV) Lead Chronic Performance).
- Lead-related complication rate [ Time Frame: 5 years ] [ Designated as safety issue: No ]
-:
Model 4196 LV lead complication-free survivability will be summarized.
Patients implanted with a 4196 LV Lead within the past 30 days. All patients must meet Inclusion criteria and none of the Exclusion criteria.
Patients who meet all of the following inclusion criteria and do not meet any of the following exclusion criteria are eligible for enrollment.
Inclusion Criteria
- Patient or legally authorized representative provides written authorization and/or consent per institution and geographical requirements
- Patient has or is intended to receive an Attain Ability Model 4196 LV lead
- Patient within 30 day post implant enrollment window
Exclusion Criteria
- Patient who is, or is expected to be inaccessible for follow-up
- Patient with exclusion criteria required by local law
- Patient is currently enrolled in or plans to enroll in any concurrent drug and/or device study that may confound results
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT00930904
No publications provided
ClinicalTrials.gov processed this record on May 20, 2015[Corbett comments: What I found especially interesting in this report is that if the Jacmel authorities are to be believed, the main reason for the arrest was to protect these folks from mobs who we moved by some rumor.]
PORT-AU-PRINCE (Reuter) - Twelve Haitians were arrested for witchcraft, drawing large crowds into the streets and spurring rumors of cannibalism, kidnapping and organ-selling, a police spokesman said Tuesday.
Authorities said the 12 were arrested Sunday in Jacmel for ''public disturbances, sorcery and association with scoundrels'' and were being kept in custody for their own safety. A huge crowd gathered after the arrests amid rumors that the detainees kidnapped people to eat them and sell their organs.
``It isn't true at all,'' Jacmel Departmental Director Paul Antoine Sauvignon said. He said he was holding the 12 only because five weapons cartridges were found in their house. ``We also arrested them because the population was ready to rip their house apart.''
One of those arrested said in a statement they were innocent practioners of voodoo, Haiti's most popular religion. Haitian National Police said Tuesday they could be released unless local authorities in the southern port city were able to provide evidence against them.
``There is not any proof against them'' on the charges of kidnapping and sorcery, Haitian National Police spokesman Felder Jean-Baptiste said.
MAIN HAITI PAGE
HOMEBob Corbett corbetre@webster.eduCentral Park in New York: Ten things you must do
Don’t wait until you have visitors in town to check out the essentials of Central Park in New York. Plus, discover free tours!
Yes, we know: You don’t normally do touristy stuff. But it’s always worth revisiting quintessentially New York experiences time and again—and what better place to explore than the big attractions in Central Park in New York?
RECOMMENDED: Full guide to Central Park in New York. East side from 104th to 106th Sts, enter at Fifth Ave and 105th St
Free tours: Meet at Vanderbilt Gate, east side at 105th St; Sat 11am; free. Through Oct 26.
Watch the wheels go round and round at Strawberry Fields
Walk through this stretch of the park, just across the street from John and Yoko's residence at the Dakota. Renamed Strawberry Fields in '81, after Lennon's murder in front of that building several months earlier, the five-plus-acre area features the Imagine mosaic, where Beatle fans from across the world pay homage to the late great. But don't sing the ground's namesake tune too loudly, as Strawberry Fields is also a designated quiet zone. West side between 71st and 74th Sts, enter at Central Park West and 72nd St
Rock the boat
Take a romantic paddle around the Lake (hour $12, each additional 15mins $2.50, plus a $20 deposit)—or let someone else do the work, with a Venetian gondola ride (half hour $30). While you're there, absorb the picturesque view of the Lake at the Central Park Boathouse Restaurant, for fine—if pricey—fare like fish, crab cakes, salads and an assortment of wines. Midpark from 71st to 79th Sts, enter at Fifth Ave and 72nd St. East side at 75th St, enter at Fifth Ave and 76th St
Monkey around at the Central Park Zoo
Animal lovers will dig the cute critters at the Tisch Children's Zoo, adjacent to the main zoo, where you can also get up close and personal with goats. In the Central Park Zoo itself, coo over the daily feeding of the sea lions and penguins, and watch Snow Monkeys leap playfully between rocks. East side between 63rd and 66th Sts, enter at Fifth Ave at 64th St (212-439-6500, centralparkzoo.com). Daily 10am–5:30pm. $12, seniors $9, children $7, children under 3 free.. Midpark at 64th St, enter at Fifth Ave and 64th St. Daily 10am–6pm (weather permitting). $2.50 per ride.. Midpark at 79th St, enter at Fifth Ave and 72nd St
Free tours:Meet at Belvedere Castle, midpark at 79th St; dates and times vary; vist centralparknyc.org; free.
Romance your beau on the Bow Bridge
New York has no shortage of bridges seemingly custom-made for gazing into a lover's eyes and sighing deeply, and this one, which spans some 60 feet over the Lake, is one of our faves. Yeah, it occasionally gets crowded with tourist couples snapping photos, but that's with good reason. Midpark at 74th St, enter at Central Park West and 72nd St
Get ready to Ramble
The winding trails, rocks and streams remain, seemingly waiting to be discovered. It's also the city's primo bird-watching spot, where you can view many of the park's 230 species. Midpark from 73rd to 79th Sts, enter at Central Park West and 72nd St
Free tours: Meet at Belvedere Castle, midpark at 79th St; dates and times vary; visit centralparknyc.org; free.. To secure a shaded spot, we suggest arriving at 11am, when the field opens. West side between 66th and 68th Sts, enter at Central Park West and 66th St (212-310-6600, centralparknyc.org)
You can geocache in Central Park.
ggjffdjdnfvfkvnlkfvjflkg;a.fmlfg
Dwf B24
yes ok
Ride your pony in new york city bit**
Cool things
Que hacer en central parkInjury-plagued Liverpool defender Daniel Agger is unlikely to play again this season, manager Rafael Benitez confirmed on Friday.
The."ive.
Dallas, TX
"Put a little fun in your life. Try Dancing!" Through private lessons, classes & practice sessions you too can learn how to be comfortable dancing at any nightclub, holiday or business party, your wedding or even on your 50th anniversary..
Arlington, TX
Specializing in all forms of dance. From Ballroom to Latin to Country Western, we do it all and would love to teach you.
Ballroom latin and country lessons start at 20$
Have you ever watched Dancing with the Stars and wondered if that could be you? Have you ever been to a Wedding and had to watch the fun from the side?
Learn to Dance - Intro Private Lesson just $50 Dallas
Ballroom for kids in Dallas
Getting married in Dallas
Meet people and socialize in Dallas
Exercise & Fitness in Dallas
Look for a New Hobby in Dallas
Enhance Your Relationship in Dallas
Prepare for an Event in Dallas
Pop Culture dance in Dallas
Give a gift certificate in Dallas
All About Ballroom in Dallas
Inspiring Dance Stories in Dallas
Dance Tips & Tricks in Dallas
Continue your dance training in Dallas
Competition DanceSport in Dallas
Career Development in Dallas- new arrivals
- trends
- jeans
- tops
- bottoms
- dresses
- outerwear
- plus sizes
- shoes & accessories
- active
- swim
- sale
Everyone knows the most important part of a girl's outfit is the accessories! Each women's jewelry style is full of fashion but at a price that lets you grow your selection and switch it up every day if you choose. For jewelry storage, try one of our great jewelry organizers or travel rolls. Find the perfect hair accessory such as headbands or hairclips that range from dressy to casual, stretchy head wrap styles to fun clips. Find a variety of fashionable women's scarves including solid to pattern in dressy or casual styles and shapes. Cold weather accessories such as hats, mittens and scarves, sunglasses, and slippers can be found when in season. We know you like to smell as good as you look, which is why we offer a variety of fragrances in both beautiful bottles and travel sprays. Maurices offers tights and leggings in a variety of colors and styles. They look great and fit perfectly under all your clothes. A great belt can be practical, fashionable, or both — we offer all of the above in core and plus size belts. Last but not least, finish off your look with the perfect women's handbag. Handbags range from casual to dressy, bright colors and soft neutrals. Find in a variety of purse styles and sizes including satchels, cross-body styles, clutches, wristlets, and wallets. Accessory options are endless!Synopsis
Kirsten Stewart is currently known as her portrayal of Bella from the famous Twilight Series movies. However, she is much more than just the face of Bella. She has acted in countless other roles before Twilight ever came along.
While she’s considered one of the sexiest starlets today, she also has smart opinions and a level-head about life. When reading about her, you’ll discover who she is and the potential she has for a long-lasting career and promising future.
While relatively short this is an excellent biography about the rise of Kristen Stewart.
People who read this also enjoyed
You can read this item using any of the following Kobo apps and devices:
- DESKTOP
- eREADERS
- TABLETS
- IOS
- ANDROID
- BLACKBERRY
- WINDOWS"Tim Murphy: Rifleman" Book by Roy F. Chandler
Product #: 443957 Rumpf Outdoor #: B-5852 UPC #: 9781885633248
- Information
By Roy Chandler. Non-Fiction story of Tim Murphy who may be our young nation's earliest recognized hero. Seneca Tribesmen seized Murphy during his infancy and then he was traded to the Huron. Freed during the prisoner exchange of 1764, Murphy discovered his superior ability with a Pennsylvania longrifle. Still a youth, he turned to frontier marksmanship competitions to provide a challenging if tenuous livelihood. Murphy attained national prominence during the Revolutionary War fighting in a number of actions. An early volunteer in the Pennsylvania militia, Tim Murphy served valiantly in rifle companies including the justly famed Daniel Morgan's Riflemen. 396 pages - Hardcover.
Technical Information
Publisher: Iron Brigade Armory
Date of Publication: 2003
Number of Pages: 396
Summary of Material:
Notes:
Hardcover
Second Edition
Technical Information
Publisher: Iron Brigade Armory
Date of Publication: 2003
Number of Pages: 396.Current Projects
Past Projects
The Actors and Writers Book Club
What began as a conjunction with the National Endowment for the Arts Big Read Program, the WGAE Foundation’s Actors and Writers Book Club brings a high-profile actor and writer into high schools to read and discuss works of literature, with the mission of getting students excited about reading, writing, story telling and the importance of language skills.
Since 2009, The program has targeted under-served areas in the country, visiting places like Watertown, NY, Pittsburg, PA, St. Louis, MO, and Buffalo, NY.
News on the Actors and Writers Book Club:
02.13.12 | It's not often that high school students get to spend a morning picking the brains of an Emmy award-winning writer, a critically acclaimed novelist and a TV star who has appeared on the hit series "30 Rock." Clearly, it wasn't your run-of-the-mill morning at Lafayette High School on Friday. Screenwriter Tom Fontana, novelist Thomas Kelly and actor Dean Winters held court in the library of the West Side school. It was part of an ongoing outreach effort by the Writers Guild of America, East Foundation to encourage reading and promote the craft of storytelling. Read More.
10.15.11 | The Actors and Writers Book Club held an event at Automotive High School in Brooklyn, NY where actor Donnie Wahlberg (Bluebloods, Saw franchise, The Sixth Sense), and author Michael Patrick MacDonald read from MacDonald's memoir All Souls: A Family Story from Southie. They also took time to answer questions about remembering where you come from and the notion of destiny. Read More.
05.19.11 | NATIONAL ENDOWMENT FOR THE ARTS ANNOUNCES GRANT TO WRITERS GUILD OF AMERICA, EAST FOUNDATION; $10,000 grant will support Actors and Writers Book Club. Rocco Landesman, Chairman of the National Endowment for the Arts, today announced that the Writers Guild of America, East Foundation has been recommended for a grant of $10,000 to support the Actors and Writers Book Club, which will bring established actors and writers to underserved high schools to read and discuss classic works of literature. The NEA grant will be matched by $10,000 pledged to the WGAE Foundation by an anonymous donor. Read More.
05.14.10 | The Actors and Writers Book Club held an event at Mount Lebanon High School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Actor William Baldwin read a selection from John Steinbeck's "East Of Eden" to two sessions of one hundred students each. After the reading, Baldwin and filmmaker/writer Susanna Styron discussed the novel and then took questions about the creative process. Read More.
11.16.09 | Actress Katherine Erbe (Law & Order: Criminal Intent) and author/writer Tom Kelly (Payback, The Rackets, Empire Rising) visited Watertown High School to launch the inaugural “Actors and Writers Book Club.”
Kathryn E. Erbe of 'Law and Order: Criminal Intent' and writer Thomas P. Kelly take questions from students Monday at the launch of the Actors and Writers Book Club at Watertown High School.
Actress Kathryn E. Erbe of "Law and Order: Criminal Intent" discussed literature with Watertown High School students Monday, kicking off the Actors and Writers Book Club.
The book club is a new organization that will send an actor and a writer to high schools to discuss works of literature with students, in an effort to get students excited about reading and writing. Ms. Erbe said she decided to get involved with the book club because she loves to read and she thought it would be a good opportunity to talk to youths.
"I've been a voracious reader since I was 13, so that's why I got involved with the book club," Ms. Erbe said. "And I know high school can be hard, so I wanted to talk to kids of that age, too."
Book club founder Thomas P. Kelly discussed literature with Watertown students. Mr. Kelly is a novelist who wrote the book "Payback," and is the literacy director for the Writers Guild of America, East.said.
Watertown High School was chosen for the launch of the program because of a collaboration between Mr. Kelly and Watertown English teacher Emily G. Sprague. Watertown is also the type of location the book club wants to target, because it's far from a major metropolitan area, Mr. Kelly said
"We're staying away from places like New York City, because there, you can throw a stone 10 feet and hit actors and writers," he said. "We want to go to places like Watertown, where it might be more exciting for someone to come to talk to students."
Ms. Erbe read an excerpt from the book "The Rules of the Game," written by Amy Tan. Then Mr. Kelly discussed the piece from a writer's perspective. The book centers on a young girl whose family moved from China to San Francisco's Chinatown.
Ms. Erbe used books as an escape when she was growing up, and as a way to better learn about herself and other people, she told students.
"I love this book because the way she talks about the emotions of these characters and their interactions with family members moved me," Ms. Erbe said.
English 12 students read part of the book during a short-story unit, Mrs. Sprague said. Mr. Kelly and Mrs. Sprague chose that book because the English students are familiar with it, and because Ms. Erbe loves the book.
Mr. Kelly and Ms. Erbe took some questions from students after their talk.
Students asked Mr. Kelly: "When did you decide you wanted to be a writer?" and "Can you explain your writing process?"
Mr. Kelly told students that he decided to become a writer when he was 16, and that he wakes up every morning to write when he's working on a novel because they take years to write.
Students asked Ms. Erbe about her acting career with questions such as: "What was it like to be in one of the 'Mighty Ducks' movies?"
Ms. Erbe told the students that making the movie was a lot of fun, and that she had to be careful in a lot of scenes so she didn't look taller than her co-star, Emilio Estevez.
After just a few questions, the bell rang and students filed out of the auditorium to their next class. Even though the speakers had less than an hour with the students, Mr. Kelly was happy with the first meeting of the book club.
"We want to spark the interest of students in reading, writing and storytelling," he said. "And to let them know that these things can be fun."
Watertown High School seniors received a visit from a well-known actress a high-profile author, who were on hand to get students excited about reading, writing and story telling.
Katherine Erbe, who stars in the television drama "Law & Order: Criminal Intent", and Tom Kelly, who wrote "Payback", "The Rackets" and "Empire Rising", helped launch the Actors and Writers Book Club Monday.
"We felt it was a good team to send a writer and an actor out to talk about a work of literature, to talk about the process," said Kelly.
During two assemblies, Erbe read a story to students, Kelly discussed the writer's perspective and then held a question and answer session.
"I hope that they can go on to see the importance of story-telling and hearing stories in their families and telling their own stories," said Erbe, who is known for her role as Detective Alexandra Eames on "Law & Order: Criminal Intent."
The Actors and Writers Book Club is a program which targets under-served areas in the country.Alicia Cruzado's milonga (Pasion Milonguera)
Expand Messages
- This is a reminder about tomorrow's event:
Alicia Cruzado warmly invites you to her monthly milonga: "Pasion
Milonguera" this Friday, March 6th, 9pm-1am, Mambo D Dance Center, 315
West 36th St. (betw. 8&9 Aves), 10th fl. Great music, nice
atmosphere. Wine, coffee, soda, hor d'oeuvres. Raffle.
Come early and save: $12 before 10pm & $15 after 10pm
Your message has been successfully submitted and would be delivered to recipients shortly.2009-10-28 / Letters to the Editor
VFD Appreciates Support
Dear Editor,
A special thanks to everyone in the community who came out to support the Franklin Township Community Volunteer Fire Department Chili Supper this past weekend. To those special people who help make it all happen through the generous donations, thank you!
A special thank you to the Hoot Family Foundation for the grant money to purchase a PowerPoint projector to be used for training purposes.
Dale Walker
Fire Chief
On behalf of the FTCVFD
© 2009-2015 Spencer Evening World, Inc.
No commercial reproduction without written consent.
Electronic reproduction of any kind forbidden without written consent. increase in the average age of voters in the UK could therefore translate into an increase in pension spending of £45.5bn per annum.
Indeed, the IEA research calculates that the ageing electorate will have very strong financial incentives to vote for higher levels of pensions and state benefits and shows that middle-aged and older people will strongly prefer increases in state pensions, financed by the falling number of young taxpayers, to private solutions to pensions problems.
Politicians are responding already to pressure from the ballot box. The 2005 election was notable for the fact that the major political parties had few explicit promises. However, there were many particular, and sometimes bizarre, pledges to old people, in the party manifestoes, including proposals to exempt them from specific taxes and re-link pensions to earnings. In the recent past there has been significant redirection of government spending from the young (for example, the introduction of fees for higher education) to the old (in the form of higher welfare benefits). Changes to taxation have also hit the young hardest. Recent changes to state pension rules will remove contracted-out rebates from young people and use them to pay increased pensions to those already retired.
The author argues that the perfect storm is brewing. Booth commented "The evidence from many countries is clear. As the population ages, older people use the ballot box to transfer resources to themselves from the younger generation. Older voters have very clearly defined interests often related to pensions, health and social care. Young people have much less incentive to vote and are forming a smaller and smaller proportion of active voters. The outlook will be very difficult for any party that wants to reduce public spending."
The report argues that the government must develop a radical new framework for state pensions if voter behaviour is not to lead to an unsustainable pensions burden. However, policy is currently moving in precisely the opposite direction.Your browser does not support iframes.
All other transportation and automotive adscan be found on:
All other employment adscan be found on:
All Obituaries adscan be found on:
All other real estate adscan be found on:
, 3 full bath. Duplex in Miami - Main house consist of 3/2 with huge carport and driveway, detached building has g
, 3 full bath.
, 3 full bath. Main house is a 3 bedroom / 2 bathroom. Detached building is a 1 bedroom / 1 bathroom. Great opport
, 2 full bath, 1 half bath. Well kept Duplex with 2 units, good income opportunity. Centrally located near many restaurants and
, 4 full bath, 1 half bath. Legal Duplex - 2 units a 3 bed 2. 5 bath in back and 3 bed 2 bath in front. it has been divided wit
. The current CLUC of this property is Duplex operating as two boarding houses. The Total monthly inc
4 bed, 3.00 full bath. Judicial Foreclosure County Sale Friday, May 29 - *VALUE-BASED BID: The beneficiary of this propert
4 bed, 2.00 full bath. Judicial Foreclosure County Sale Tuesday, May 26 - *VALUE-BASED BID: The beneficiary of this proper
, 3 full bath. Legal Duplex, larger than tax roll with over 2500 SQ FT. Leased to an ALF(Assisted Living Facility)
. One-story duplex for sale centrally located. This is a great rental income investment opportunity.AC Milan owner and former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has received a one year sentence for jail fraud although a potential appeal means he will remain at large for now. The sentence is the culmination of a six year case.
Berlusconi resigned as Italian Prime Minister last November.
The court initially handed down a four year term but this was reduced to one under Italy’s 2006 amnesty law.
The case centred around the purchase of US film rights at inflated prices through two offshore companies which he controled, thus avoiding Italian taxation.
Berlusconi and his co-defendants must also pay $13m in damages and banned him from holding any public office for three years, thus ending his political career. Both the sentence and the fine must be upheld by a higher court to take effect.
He can still own AC Milan although Berlusconi’s other company Fininvest which owns the club is also being prosecuted in another case.
In another development, Italian Football Federation (FIGC) is to open disciplinary proceedings relating to a match in 2010. Napoli beat Sampdoria 1-0 on the last day of the 2010 season.
Napoli captain Paulo Cannavaro and another defender Gianluca Grava have been fined for not reporting the match fixing scandal as has the Naples club.
The FIGC website posted the following:
A statement on the federation’s official website read:
“The FIGC can confirm that, following an investigation by the public prosecutor of Naples, the federal prosecutor will open disciplinary proceedings in relation to the Sampdoria-Napoli match of 16 May,.”
The action is part of a wider investigation into match fixing in Italian football and around Europe which has already led to many arrests.
Also See:
Juventus Coach Banned for 10 Months for Match Fixing
Prandelli: ‘No Problem if Italy Pull out of EURO 2012′
FIFA: Players are being Killed by Match Fixers
I guess I never noticed how much the Napoli badge looked like the Ninkasi badge.
That’s because you’re always impaired when drinking Napoli.Navigation
We bring a wealth of expertise together to create world-class treatment centres that offer a wide range of specialist services to people considering surgical or non-surgical treatments to improve appearance, confidence and self-esteem.
Internationally recognised as a leading provider of weight loss, body contouring and Recell® Spray on Skin® treatments, Zenith’s team of highly qualified medical experts using purpose built facilities and state-of-the-art-technology consistently deliver first-rate results to people who want to look and feel their best.
*98% patient satisfaction rate according to Improving Practice Questionnaire (IPQ) independently audited by CFEP UK Surveys Limited 2014.
The way you look and feel plays an important part in your enjoyment of life and relationships..
So if you’re concerned that parts of your body are not all they could be … Read more »
Very friendly, made me feel at ease and very comfortable. Pain free! Can see the results straight away!
— Mole Removal Review by M NFill out the form below and click the Continue button at the bottom.
L.I.F.E. Homeschool Support is an organization with Christian leadership. As a Christian group, we reflect Judeo-Christian beliefs and operate from a biblical worldview, however we welcome all homeschoolers operating within the State of South Carolina homeschool statutes, regardless of race or religion for encouragement, support and information. By joining L.I.F.E. Homeschool Support, you agree to uphold its Code of Conduct and to release L.I.F.E., its officers, members and associates from all liability, and you assume full responsibility for your children and yourself at all L.I.F.E. Homeschool Support group functions.
Check here if you have read and agree to the TERMS OF SERVICE.
Additional Questions:
1. *
Which legal SC homeschool option do you use?
2. *
As a group of homeschooling families, we hope that in all cases members of L.I.F.E. will conduct themselves in a manner that is above reproach. At field trips and group activities, it is expected that parents and children be courteous, considerate, and respectful of one another. During field trips, we expect children to behave themselves and follow the rules of the location being visited. When disagreements occur, we expect to offer grace when offended, and to receive forgiveness when needed.
Do you agree that, to the best of your ability, you will follow these guidelines in good faith?
3. *
Tell us how you heard about LIFE homeschool support:
4.
If referred by a member, which LIFE member or members referred you?
Type in the text that you see above:
Copyright ©2015 | All Rights Reserved | Website developed by Homeschool-Life.com™President Barack Obama again went on Reddit to ask the website’s users to vote.
In August, Obama answered questions on the popular social media site and this time he said, ,” Obama continued in his Reddit post that was published at 5:30 p.m. EST.
Obama said that regardless of “your political persuasion,” Redditors should cast their ballot.
“If you’ve voted already, don’t stop there--spread the word to your friends, roommates, and neighbors,” the president said.
“Think of it as upvoting,” Obama said, referring to the term used to vote up content on the website.
When Obama last took to Reddit, some 200,000 users viewed the website to see the question-and-answer at the same time, according to The Los Angeles Times.
During the last Reddit session, Obama answered questions regarding the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision to allow unlimited elections spending by unions, corporations, and other parties. He also uploaded a photo of himself using his computer to confirm his account.
Romney took to Twitter on Tuesday, also calling on people to cast their ballots.
“It’s time to turn the page on the last four years. Get your friends and family and go vote,” Romney said. He also said, “We can’t afford four more years like the last. Vote today to ensure that the future will be better than the past.”
The Epoch Times publishes in 35 countries and in 19 languages. Subscribe to our e-newsletter.Located on the Sonoma border, this contemporary, calm, private cottage, designed by a famed Bay Area architect, was carefully completed to blend in with the garden and vineyard surroundings. Close to a variety of activities, yet secluded and private. Wide plank warm wooden floors, marble bathroom, loads of charm. French doors lead to private one acre garden with luxurious lap pool.
Queen bed appointed in 400 thread count luxury sheets. Bed is under skylight, so you can look up and fall asleep under the stars.
Mini fridge to accommodate your wine selections.
Full wrap around deck that steps down to fire pit (wood provided). Also deck leads to a full acre formal garden designed by Master Gardner and HGTV star David Alosi. Garden has bamboo forest, rose tunnel, labyrinth, rose garden, grapevine covered pergola and more.
Gorgeous 45 ft solar heated lap pool set into lush lawns.!
The nature surrounding the area was absolutely beautiful and exactly what we were looking for. The garden and the grounds were so peaceful, I would have been happy just sitting around outside all day. It was so quiet with only the occasional car passing by. The bathroom and interior were very clean and well cared for.
- The place is a little smaller than we thought. It is a studio cottage with only a bathroom and no kitchen, but Donna and John were kind enough to provide a BBQ for us.
- It was a bit cold and rainy when we stayed, but luckily the heater worked very well and imitated a cool little fireplace with fire FX and all.
- The only real problem we had during our stay was the appearance of ants in the bathroom. We left some dishes over night and the ants were all over them. There was some ant spray already provided in the bathroom which took care of them real quick, but I assume with the ant spray that this may be a bit of a common thing as they were prepared for it already. Honestly though, you're in the wilderness, so some bugs are to be expected.
- Even though you're surrounded by nature it was a very quick drive into town and everything we wanted to do in Napa. I would absolutely recommend this cottage and both John and Donna really are friendly kind people. Thank you again for everything.
- Jacob and Thea
This was my third stay here with my wife and we can't express enough how much we love it here! Cottage is situated between Napa and Sonoma and just far enough off the beaten path to feel like you're really away from it all. There are several great wineries within a few miles (Domain Carneros & Bouchaine are two of our faves) and not far from our favorite breakfast spot Boone Fly Cafe. Dona and John are very welcoming and do everything they can to make sure you enjoy your stay. Look forward to many more stays here!
We stayed here for two nights in the beginning of October. The location of the house is very convenient to both Napa and Sonoma. The house is closely situated near the two other buildings on the property with the pool located in the middle. The outdoor landscaping and lights are very nice. There is also a small fridge, microwave and coffee maker. However, there were a few issues that we had with our stay here. There is no heat in this house, only a small 1.5x2ft heater that produces heat for about 20min and then nothing at all for the rest of the night. This was only a problem because it dropped to 45 degrees at night during our stay. The cleanliness was another issue which including a moth in the bedding when we arrived, large cobwebs at eye level, black dirt/mold around the rim of the bathroom sink, as well as a small ant problem in the bathroom. Overall, it was an okay place to stay for a few nights but we don't plan on returning.
My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to stay and John and Dona's cottage at the end of July. The cottage itself is small but very well appointed and quite comfortable. The grounds are beautiful and so incredibly peaceful. We spent both evenings sitting on the porch listening to the breeze blow through the trees. The cottage is centrally located and it only took us about 15-20 minutes to get pretty much anywhere we wanted to be in Napa. One note...the cottage doesn't have air conditioning. This was never an issue for us as we were out and about during the day when it was warm. In the evenings, it was cool outside and the ceiling fan was all we needed to be completely comfortable. Our hosts were very gracious when we met them and then gave us complete privacy for the rest of our stay. We can't recommend this location highly enough.
Can't choose between Napa and Sonoma? Stay here and both are within a short and scenic drive. Then again, you might not want to leave the property with its inviting pool and lush landscaping around the expansive property.
The guest house is far enough from the main house that you feel secluded. Wander the property to discover a rose garden, a "tunnel" made of vines, stands of bamboo and inviting spots to have an outdoor meal.
A microwave, small fridge, coffee maker and just a few plates and cutlery make up the kitchen, but what else do you need in an area famous for its restaurants and perfect for picnics? The bed is comfy, the bathroom is big, and the hosts are friendly and knowledgeable. Enjoy!
Other Activities: Wine tasting, kayaking.
* Approximate monthly rate. Actual rate will depend on the days of the month you stay.
Payment is usually accepted in the quoted currency (USD) unless the currency and the amount is specifically agreed in advance with the owner / advertiser.- Storage Reviews
- Enterprise
- Leaderboard
- Reference Guides
- Forums
- Reliability Survey
- About SR
April 10th, 2014 by Lyle Smith
Fujitsu ETERNUS JX60 Storage Subsystem Now Available
Fujitsu has announced the availability of the FUJITSU ETERNUS JX60, a new high-density and easy-to-use storage subsystem to help businesses of all sizes optimize their ICT systems from end to end. The new storage system is an ideal extension for servers including the Fujitsu Primergy server systems. For businesses with limited resources or administrative knowledge (as well as datacenter farms managing massive amounts of data), the Eternus JX60 offers low investment cost and easy handling. Additionally, it provides the capacity to support different disk sizes with its 2TB, 3TB and 4TB options. The new storage system also offers basic data protection with built-in resilience, which can be managed using Fujitsu’s ServerView software.
As the volume of data continues to increase, capacity requirements quite often exceed what internal storage servers can handle, which results in businesses requiring an easy and effective storage capacity extension. The Eternus JX60 provides a maximum of high-capacity and low-cost 3.5 inch Nearline-SAS hard disk drives using minimum space to deal with the issue of ongoing data growth. In addition, up to four enclosures can be directly attached to a server allowing the sub-system to boast up to 960TB of storage. This is an ideal option for environments with only one server based on its capability to extend the storage capacity as well as for clustered configurations with two servers for high availability.
As an example, the Eternus JX60 can be used to extend the Fujitsu Cluster-in-a-box solution, allowing the pre-configured and pre-installed solution to also be used as a central storage resource, specifically a Windows Server-based NAS system.
Availability
The Fujitsu Eternus JX60 storage system is now globally available for purchase direct from Fujitsu and through distribution partners.
Eternus JX60 product page6 Weather Afternoon Forecast for Aug. 9, 2010
Lots of sun and plenty of oppressive heat in the region as our high soars to 101° with a light south wind. Evening temperatures will linger in the middle 70's under clear skies. Enlarge video
The National Weather Service issued an excessive heat warning Saturday for Douglas County starting 1 p.m. Sunday and ending 8 p.m. Wednesday.
Lawrence has seen triple-digit heat for the third straight day. The temperature officially hit 101 degrees with a heat index of 111 just before 3 p.m. Tuesday, according to the NWS. By 9 a.m., the heat index had already reached 92 degrees.
As of 6 p.m. Monday, the temperature remained at the 100-degree mark, with humidity pushing the heat index up to 111, according to the NWS. Temperatures hit 101 degrees Sunday afternoon with a heat index reached as high as 113 degrees.
Expect the heat wave to cause hot temperatures throughout the week until next weekend. All neighboring counties are included in the warning.
- Drink plenty of water
- Wear lightweight, light-colored and loose-fitting clothing
- Wear sunscreen to avoid sunburn
Children, the elderly and those who are chronically ill are at the most risk in extreme heat. The National Weather Service recommends that friends and family members check on those at risk regularly. Temperatures inside cars can also become extreme within a matter of minutes.
Copyright 2015 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published.
thepianoman 4 years, 9 months ago
TYPO first sentence LJWORLD: The National Weather Service has issue an excessive heat warning for Douglas County starting 1 p.m. Sunday and ending 8 p.m. Wednesday.
Need a "d" at the end of issue.
wmathews 4 years, 9 months ago
Thanks for catching that. I fixed the error.
Whitney Mathews Online Editor
flux 4 years, 9 months ago
Good catch pianodork
riverdrifter 4 years, 9 months ago
Got newly planted trees? Water them generously twice a week during this weather.
grammaddy 4 years, 9 months ago
Walking home from school on the first day should be fun.
LadyJ 4 years, 9 months ago
agreed
mr_right_wing 4 years, 9 months ago
At this point you can't even go take a cold shower!!
It's so hot out that even the 'cold' tap water is lukewarm!
I notice McDonald's now sells ice....maybe they could charge admission for a special eating area...in their walk-in freezer!! Aaaahhhh yeah...nice.
rover 4 years, 9 months ago
I used to walk to school in hot weather not to mention the cold, and it was up hill both ways.
monheim 4 years, 9 months ago
And you were grateful!
eric1889 4 years, 9 months ago
Only in Lawrence can you honestly say you walked up hill both ways to class. I do not miss walking up Daisy Hill on a daily basis, but it was good for the waistline.
Irenaku 4 years, 9 months ago
eric1889: HAHAHA! You are so right!
windjunky 4 years, 9 months ago!
riverdrifter 4 years, 9 months ago
Poor thing! Try actually working (and mentally functioning) in it sometime, kid.
(ô¿ô)
grammaddy 4 years, 9 months ago
Diapers on the line were dry by the time I got to the end of the first line.
newmedia 4 years, 9 months ago
Where, oh where, are the global warming stories? Guess that one has been debunked !
kernal 4 years, 9 months ago
Quite the opposite.
kernal 4 years, 9 months ago
The Kremlin announced the Russian government now believes the problems in their central region is due to climate change and it's time for them to make changes. This is a country that has been a major "nay-sayer" to global warming.
monheim 4 years, 9 months ago
Just as claiming global warming isn't real because it happens to be cold is dishonest, claiming it is definitive proof when it happens to be hot isn't either. It's not about how hot it is on one given day in one given place.
hail2oldku 4 years, 9 months ago
This just in......................it's still hot outside.
Blessed4x 4 years, 9 months ago
Wait a minute! It's August in Kansas and it's hot outside? WTH! Will wonders never cease? Quit your complaining and go enjoy some nice cool A/C provided by those dirty coal powerplants, I know I will. We've had a nice cool year up until a week or two ago. Sometimes you have to take the good with the bad. Just remember it's Kansas, it may snow tomorrow!
Shardwurm 4 years, 9 months ago
"We've had a nice cool year up until a week or two ago."
Eh? I seem to remember 90s throughout June which was a little unusual...and on the weekend of my class reunion in mid-July it was stifling. From my perspective it was winter until May 10th, spring for 2 weeks, then summer. lol.
Take_a_letter_Maria 4 years, 9 months ago
In an update to some earlier coverage -
Mangino orders bear crawling for all complainers, and two orders of ibroke's breakfast special.
Take_a_letter_Maria 4 years, 9 months ago
It would take too long to explain it to you py, so I won't even bother.
Yes, I am aware that the Manginos packed up and moved to Florida. I am also unaware of Coach Gill abusing (allegedly) any players. Simply adding more meaningless drivel to a meaningless story that has been "BREAKING" for most of the month now.
As Rich alluded to earlier - it's August in Kansas it would be breaking news if it wasn't hot.
Of course you not getting your panties in a wad would also qualify.
riverdrifter 4 years, 9 months ago
Py, you could probably kick this sissy's ass if you wanted, but just let it go girl. Maria, the proper terminology is "panties in a knot", BTW. "Wad" is disgusting.
Take_a_letter_Maria 4 years, 9 months ago
riverdrifter (anonymous) replies… "Maria, the proper terminology is "panties in a knot", BTW. "Wad" is disgusting. "
You are dismissed......(one's)+panties+in+a+wad
fabian_zimbabwe 4 years, 9 months ago
"Man it's a hot one...like seven inches from the mid-day sun..."
slowplay 4 years, 9 months ago
Santana?
fabian_zimbabwe 4 years, 9 months ago
Yep, though for some reason I always seem to think of the live version with Rob Thomas and Santana jamming it together...good stuff!
countrygirl 4 years, 9 months ago
To borrow a phrase from a friend, it's hotter than fish grease! We just got home from Colorado and I'm ready to turn around and go back!!
kernal 4 years, 9 months ago
Go for it! You can do the laundry in Colorado!
parrothead8 4 years, 9 months ago
Tom's comment brings to mind that Eddie Murphy monologue...I can't remember where it's from. "It's hot...D--N hot." Anyone know what I'm talking about? Never mind...the heat is making me loopy.
riverdrifter 4 years, 9 months ago
Effing excuuuse me. See!
riverdrifter 4 years, 9 months ago
Another fifty lashes with the feather boa.
parrothead8 4 years, 9 months ago
"Children, the elderly and those who are chronically ill are at the most risk in extreme heat."
And animals. Don't forget your animals. Outdoor pets are at high risk in this weather.
whats_going_on 4 years, 9 months ago
Now it says its going to be 101 on Thursday too.
Ughhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
aha 4 years, 9 months ago
that's hot.
ashleyd83 4 years, 9 months ago
you might want to update the excessive heat warning. according to the NWS website, they have extended the warning to Friday evening at 8 PM.
kernal 4 years, 9 months ago
Here we are having extreme heat and South American is having record cold and snow wreaking havoc down there. Repeat three times really fast, "There's no such thing as global warming".
Commenting has been disabled for this item.Former MP
See full list of topics voted on
New: more analysis of votes on health, welfare, foreign policy, social issues, taxation and more.
Baroness Armstrong of Hill Top never rebelled against their party in this parliament...
My Lords, as a member of the committee, I thank the noble Lord, Lord Howell, for his chairmanship. It was a very enjoyable committee, which I felt privileged to be a member of, and much of that was down to his chairing. The number of noble Lords who are down to speak in the debate today is real testament to the work of the committee and the report, and to the importance of this topic. In a...
My Lords, it is a real pleasure to take part in this debate. I remember when we had to argue very hard to have a debate on International Women’s Day and to persuade the usual channels—of, I have to say, the party of the noble Baroness—that this was a noble topic to take up. I am thrilled that now we all take it for granted but it was a real struggle in those early days....
More of Baroness Armstrong of Hill Top’s recent appearancesRSS feed (?)
Labour Peer
Entered the House of Lords on 6 July 2010
Previously MP for North West Durham until 12 April 2010 — did not stand for re-election
Entered House of Commons on 11 June 1987 — General election
Also represented North West Dur.Wash. judge allows daily visits for Casey Kasem's daughter
Casey Kasem Found
FILE - Casey Kasem accepts a radio icon award during the Radio Music Awards Monday, in this Oct. 27, 2003 file photo taken at the Aladdin Hotel in Las Vegas. Santa Monica Police Department Sgt. Mario Toti said Kasem was located a few hours after his children filed a missing person's report on Wednesday May 14, 2014. Kasem, 82, suffers from advanced Parkinson's disease, can no longer speak and has been in various medical facilities chosen by his wife, Jean Kasem. (AP Photo/Joe Cavaretta, File)How to Perform SQL Server Row-by-Row Operations Without Cursors
Here is an example procedure with a nested loop and no cursors:
if exists (select * from sysobjects where name = N’prcNestedLoopExample’)
drop procedure prcNestedLoopExample
go
CREATE PROCEDURE prcNestedLoopExample
AS
/*
** Non-cursor method to cycle through the Customer table ** and get Customer Name for each iCustId. Get all
** products for each iCustid.
**
** Revision History:
** —————————————————–
** Date Name Description Project
** —————————————————–
** 08/12/03 DVDS Create —–
**
*/
SET NOCOUNT ON
– declare all variables!
DECLARE @iReturnCode int,
@iNextCustRowId int,
@iCurrentCustRowId int,
@iCustLoopControl int,
@iNextProdRowId int,
@iCurrentProdRowId int,
@vchCustomerName nvarchar(255),
@chProductNumber nchar(30),
@vchProductName nvarchar(255)
– Initialize variables!
SELECT @iCustLoopControl = 1
SELECT @iNextCustRowId = MIN(iCustId)
FROM Customer
– Make sure the table has data.
IF ISNULL(@iNextCustRowId,0) = 0
BEGIN
SELECT ‘No data in found in table!’
RETURN
END
– Retrieve the first row
SELECT @iCurrentCustRowId = iCustId,
@vchCustomerName = vchCustomerName
FROM Customer
WHERE iCustId = @iNextCustRowId
– Start the main processing loop.
WHILE @iCustLoopControl = 1
BEGIN
– Begin the nested(inner) loop.
– Get the first product id for current customer.
SELECT @iNextProdRowId = MIN(iProductId)
FROM CustomerProduct
WHERE iCustId = @iCurrentCustRowId
— Make sure the product table has data for
— current customer.
IF ISNULL(@iNextProdRowId,0) = 0
BEGIN
SELECT ‘No products found for this customer.’
END
ELSE
BEGIN
– retrieve the first full product row for
— current customer.
SELECT @iCurrentProdRowId = iProductId,
@chProductNumber = chProductNumber,
@vchProductName = vchProductName
FROM CustomerProduct
WHERE iProductId = @iNextProdRowId
END
WHILE ISNULL(@iNextProdRowId,0) <> 0
BEGIN
— Do the inner loop row-level processing here.
– Reset the product next row id.
SELECT @iNextProdRowId = NULL
– Get the next Product id for the current customer
SELECT @iNextProdRowId = MIN(iProductId)
FROM CustomerProduct
WHERE iCustId = @iCurrentCustRowId
AND iProductId > @iCurrentProdRowId
– Get the next full product row for current customer.
SELECT @iCurrentProdRowId = iProductId,
@chProductNumber = chProductNumber,
@vchProductName = vchProductName
FROM CustomerProduct
WHERE iProductId = @iNextProdRowId
END
– Reset inner loop variables.
SELECT @chProductNumber = NULL
SELECT @vchProductName = NULL
SELECT @iCurrentProdRowId = NULL
— Reset outer looping variables.
SELECT @iNextCustRowId = NULL
– Get the next iRowId.
SELECT @iNextCustRowId = MIN(iCustId)
FROM Customer
WHERE iCustId > @iCurrentCustRowId
– Did we get a valid next row id?
IF ISNULL(@iNextCustRowId,0) = 0
BEGIN
BREAK
END
– Get the next row.
SELECT @iCurrentCustRowId = iCustId,
@vchCustomerName = vchCustomerName
FROM Customer
WHERE iCustId = @iNextCustRowId
END
RETURN
In the above example we are looping through a customer table and, for each customer id, we are then looping through a customer product table, retrieving all existing product records for that customer. Notice that a different technique is used to exit from the inner loop. Instead of using a BREAK statement, the WHILE loop depends directly on the value of @iNextProdRowId. When it becomes NULL, having no value, the WHILE loop ends.
Conclusion
SQL Cursors are very useful and powerful because they offer a high degree of row-level data manipulation, but this power comes at a price: negative performance. In this article I have demonstrated an alternative that offers much of the cursor’s flexibility, but without the negative impact to performance. I have used this alternative looping method several times in my professional career to the benefit of cutting many hours of processing time on production SQL Servers.
The following are the techniques which can be used instead of cursors:
1. CTE
2. Loop
3. Temporary Tables
There’s lots of claims of performance in this article but no substantial evidence that the Temp Table/While Loop replacement for the Cursor is any faster. A well written “firehose” cursor will usually beat a well written Temp Table/While loop combination.
Yes, cursors are usually a bad thing and should be avoided but only if you can come up with a proper set-based solution. That goes for any form of RBAR including Temp Tables/While loops and recursive CTEs.Louisiana State running back Terrence Magee (14) and the Tigers take on Furman University on Saturday in Baton Rouge. Next up for LSU: Alabama.
In essence, Saturday night's Louisiana State football game is a tune-up before a tune-out after a turndown.
No. 13 LSU (6-2, 3-2 Southeastern Conference) will host FCS Furman University (3-4, 2-2 Southern Conference) at 6 p.m. Saturday after a 27-24 loss to injury depleted, 10-point underdog Ole Miss, then has a week off before traveling to No. 1 Alabama on Nov. 9.
In a bit of what is now a scheduling quirk, the Tigers originally had what seemed like a good plan at the time - no game on Nov. 2 for a week off before playing Alabama and a week off after playing Tide and before hosting Texas A&M on Nov. 23. ...On Thu, Oct 31, 2002 at 09:57:10PM -0500, Lukas Geyer wrote: > Phil. Please notice that nowhere in my email did I address mesa support. I solely addressed the issue of pure opengl support. "supporting mesa" is in no way interchangable with that. It hasnt even occurred to me to even check if utah-glx even properly fulfils that (ie: is it a lacking in the library itself, or just a mispackaging issue?) That's not a particular goal of the utah-glx project, although it might also fulfil it as a side effect of including mesa source. PS: I'm part of the 'upstream' team. But no, I dont have enough time to take over debian packaging of it. Sorry :-|Deep in the heart of Charleswood -- tucked behind a junior high school and a curling club and taking up a small chunk of Eric Coy Arena -- lives this province's most dominant hockey dynasty.
Now, there is some evidence of the Charleswood Hawks' reign here, what with a number of championship banners on display at the north end of the rink.
![ DAVID LIPNOWSKI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS
It's simple boys: Get the puck and score. Hawks head coach Stephen George diagrams a play.](*184. Photo Store
Jesse Toth
But it's a collection that hardly details why or how this Manitoba Major Junior Hockey League squad has been so successful over the last couple of decades.
Just to bring you up to speed, the Hawks enter today's home game against the Stonewall Jets on a 13-game win streak and having started the regular season going 19 games without a regulation loss (17-0-2).
Consider this, too: the Hawks are pushing for their fifth consecutive championship and have won 13 titles in the past 19 years.
So what makes up the foundation of this dynasty?
Is it recruiting? Is it coaching? Scouting?
Turns out it's all of the above along with something less tangible, a combination of reputation and the monster that is all that success.
"It's not complicated," begins Hawks' forward Jesse Toth. "When guys come here they're here for one thing: to win. That's everyone's goal at the start of the year and anything other than that is not acceptable. You get used to winning. You expect to win.
"That's the beast we've built with the record we've had in the last five years. We don't ever want to lose a game because we're going to hear about. We have to feed the beast."
For the record, 'Feed the Beast' is not the Hawks' slogan, but it certainly fits. Their official motto, which jumps out on the club's website is:
"WE DON'T REBUILD, WE RELOAD."
So if you're looking for something else to explain the Hawks' reign other than the basics of hard work and preparation, move on, please.
They practice twice a week -- some MMJHL teams are only on the ice once, aside from games -- and scout their opponents and future stars and run their operation like a Canadian Hockey League outfit.
In short, this is a dynasty built entirely on sweat.
"People ask me all the time the same questions: 'Why is this happening?' And, 'Why do you guys continue to win?'" said Hawks' head coach Stephen George. "The players are part of it, but the organization has to take a lot of credit for that as well, in the sense that we've worked at being professional in our day-to-day operations and trying to run it like a Western Hockey League-type program.
"That really helps in terms of recruitment and attracting the higher-end players."
Before the cynics and critics dub the Hawks the New York Yankees of the MMJHL -- an operation that just grabs the best of the best in the free-agent market -- consider this: each organization in the 10-team loop has a catchment area from which it can recruit.
The Hawks' success makes them an attractive destination for players, no doubt, but they've also benefitted by drawing talent from some of the city's powerful high school programs in the area like Oak Park, St. Paul's, Kelvin and Westwood.
"The thing is, we still have to sell our program to those players once they have graduated from high school," said George. "And a lot of these players elect to come try out with the Charleswood Hawks versus going to play Junior A some place else."
Toth, who grew up in Gladstone, played for the Central Plains Capitals of the Manitoba Midget AAA league and then moved to Charleswood so he could continue his apprenticeship as an electrician, is one example.
And then there's Hawks captain Dillon Smith, who didn't have to be sold on the program at all. He grew up on Vanscoy Road in Charleswood and played two years of high school hockey at Oak Park.
"I grew up five minutes from here," said Smith, sitting just outside the Hawks' dressing room. "I came to games as a kid. I watched Stephen George, my head coach, when he was my age. So, I always thought this would be a fun place to play when I grew up.
"But now that I'm a part of it, I really believe we're successful because we're the hardest-working team in the league. We work hard at practice and it carries over to the games. That's contagious.
"Most of all, when you come here you know there's a standard you have to meet."
And here are the numbers behind that standard: Since the 2001-02 season the Hawks' won-lost-tied record is 404-52-28 for a winning percentage of .889.
That's not a misprint, folks.
What makes the Hawks so dominant? There's no magic formula other than victory loves preparation and success breeds success.
Feed the beast. Don't rebuild, reload.
"You know," adds Smith, "I remember the first time putting on that Hawks jersey... we have a saying here that a lot of teams use, 'You're not playing for the name on the back, it's the name on the front.'
"That's what we're all.… .
NOAA Determines Likely Cause of Ca. Sea Lion Strandings
Information on Recent Strandings and Non-traditional Haulout Site Use by Pinnipeds in California Presented by NOAA’s National Marine Fisheries Service Southwest Regional Office August 11, 2009 There was a disruption in the coastal upwelling process off central and northern… Read More ›Jennifer Lopez Talks Marc Anthony Divorce on the 'Late Show'
Jennifer Lopez walks arm and arm with her beau Casper Smart into the Late Show with David Letterman on Monday (January 30) in New York City.
The 42-year-old entertainer, who went on the talk show to promote Q’Viva! The Chosen, told host David “I believe in love” when asked about her past marriages.
David asked Jennifer what it is like working with her ex husband Marc Anthony on Q’Viva! The Chosen.
“You know, it’s fun because we know each other so well, but it has its moments. The same things that…didn’t really work sometimes come up,” JLo said. “You’re talking and you don’t agree on something and you’re like ‘oh, be quiet!’…you’ll see it on the show a little bit!”
FYI: Jennifer is wearing an Alberta Ferretti coat.
15+ pictures inside of Jennifer Lopez and Casper Smart arriving to film the Late Show…Balance scale arms, Great Cranberry Island, ca. 1900
Purchase a reproduction of this item on VintageMaineImages.com.
Description
This is the arms element from an old balance scale dug up near the Preble House shed on Great Cranberry Island in about 1970. The shed served as the Post Office on William Pitt Preble's property when he was postmaster in 1847 and again during the 1890s. Preble also ran a store on his property where goods would have been weighed and sold.On Mon, Sep 02, 2002 at 11:40:18AM +0800, Isaac To wrote: > So". Not quite. The author can do whatever he likes, since the licence he applies to his code does not bind him as a copyright holder. If he wanted to, he could easily grant an exception to this term of the GPL (although of course it then becomes difficult to use other GPLed code as part of the program). Note that the author of mpg321 is also the Debian maintainer. -- Colin Watson [cjwatson@flatline.org.uk]May 22, 2015
Even though Tropical Storm Alberto is heading towards Florida’s Big Bend, some people in the panhandle are preparing anyway.
Tropical Storm Alberto may not have Panama City Beach in its travel plans, but that doesn't mean Bay County is in the clear.
As Alberto approaches Florida, the panhandle is looking to get some wet weather and gusty winds.
Bay County Emergency Management Specialist Sid Busick said, "Well, we already have wind advisories. We're not on the side for favorable tornado development, but that doesn't preclude the possibility. That's probably the fear with any wind event that you have."
The Bay County Emergency Operations Center is encouraging folks to stay out of the water and listen to marine advisories. However, even that doesn't keep some dedicated swimmers and surfers from hitting the waves.
"I think we're going to get some rain, but I don't think were going to get really that much damage or high winds, stuff like that. I mean, me and my friends are thinking about going to the beach and skimming and surfing," said Salvadore Cantavespre.
Even though some folks are considering it great weather for surfing, others are going to play it safe and stay outside the water.
"One, it's really rough, roughest I've seen in a long time. And two, I'm just too old to fool with it," said Donna Caldwell.
The EOC says they are ready to assist in any areas that may need help due to the storm. They are also working with the state of Florida to help manage aid.
The officials at they Bay County Emergency Operations Center say they aren't expecting anything severe in their area, but they still want visitors and residents to listen to the all advisories and steer clear.Hosted Projects > Tiberian Sun Best of Beta
RE: The Beta Demo
(1/2) > >>
Revolutionary:
who do you want to play as in the up and comming Demo?
FekLeyrTarg:
Both. ;)
Well, I can't decide right now. I'll let you know which one I've chosen once I did so.
edit 13.11.09: I've finally decided to vote for GDI since I think it's beta content is much more interesting than Nod's one atm.
Quik-Silver 777:
GDI :)
Ferret:
This was almost a year ago. What are you doing bumping old topics?
I think this topic should be closed.
pichorra:
He's reviving all old topics!! :ranting: :ranting: :ranting:
he's asking for a ban1
Navigation
[0] Message Index
[#] Next pageGo to full versionWhen life gives you lemons, make lemonade, right?
Or, when life gives you goat head stickers, use your punctured inner tubes to make something fun, like a reflective belt.
I’ve used the technique of insetting a reflective design in inner tube rubber before, but I’ve never talked about it on this blog. I think it looks pretty cool—the black of the rubber combined with the silver of the reflective tape—and it’s high vis, to boot.
I whipped this belt up in an evening, and I’m really happy with how it turned out. It’ll look fabulous wrapped over my Minoru rain coat, once that’s done. (I finished the muslin the same evening I made this belt—pictures to come.)
Sewing bicycle inner tubes
My sewing machine doesn’t always love the materials I try to make it sew, like bicycle inner tubes, for instance. It thinks I should buy an industrial machine if I’m going to keep up with these rubber-leather-Cordura-canvas insanities, but until I have a place to put an industrial machine, little miss Singer is just going to have to deal.
It’s very possible to sew inner tubes on a home machine. Here are a couple of things I’ve learned to make it easier:
1. How to keep the inner tube from sticking: I’ve seen a lot of tips across the interwebs for sewing with sticky materials like rubber and oilcloth, including sewing through a layer of tissue paper, and spreading a thin layer of vegetable oil on the top of the inner tube to help it slide under the presser foot better.
The method that works best for me is to use a teflon presser foot, and stick a few strips of masking tape along the throat plate to help the rubber slide better. I also found that pulling the tube through the needle rather than trying to push it helped keep things moving.
2. How to keep your thread from snarling: Thread tension is the key here. Because you’re sewing through a thicker material, you’ll need to set your machine’s tension to a higher setting. Make a few practice runs on scrap pieces to check before you start sewing your main pieces—tearing out seams and re-stitching can weaken the rubber and cause it to tear.
A sharp needle will also help. I used a titanium-coated one that I got at our local sewing-machine-and-vacuum-cleaner store (you have one of those, don’t you?), but a heavy jeans needle should work, too. Clean it off from time to time with rubbing alcohol to keep everything from gumming up.
3. How to pin inner tubes: Just as with sewing with oilcloth, pinning doesn’t work. I brought out the trusty binder clips to use on the inner tubes, and that was perfect.
With no further ado, let’s:
Make a reflective belt out of recycled inner tubes
Materials
2 busted road bike inner tubes
Reflective tape (about 1/2 yard, depending on your design)
X-Acto knife
Scissors (not your good scissors)
Belt buckle
Step 1: Prepare your inner tubes
Cut both inner tubes a few inches longer than your desired length. I cut out the valve, then wrapped it around my waist until it seemed right (overlapping from hipbone to hipbone). I ended up cutting about 5″ off the final length.
Slit both tubes open along the inside of the curve, then wash them well with dish soap and hot water. Let them dry.
The hot water should help the rubber relax a bit, which will make it easier to work with for the rest of the project.
Step 2: Decide how wide you want your belt to be
This will be dictated in part by the width of your belt buckle. I used one salvaged from a u-lock holster project, so I just measured the width of the original belt. If you buy a belt buckle, the packaging should tell you the correct width.
In this photo you can see my weird way of measuring—I always start at the 1″ mark rather than the end of the tape. This is a holdout from my college days working as a carpenter in the theater stage shop. My technical director always did this, because the ends of tape measures can become loose and fidgety, so if you just hook it over the edge there’s some play in the actual measurement. So when I want to be really exact, I always trust starting at the 1″ over starting at the end (remember to subtract!)
Step 3: Plan your design
My belt is going to be 1 1/4″ wide, so if I leave a 1/4″ border on top and bottom, my design can only be 3/4″ tall. Practically, that means measuring in 1/2″ from the top and the bottom, marking that distance, and sketching my design within those marks.
(I used a Sharpie on the inside of the tube, where it’s more gray than black. It was a bit hard to see, but not too bad.)
Keep your design about 10″ from each end. I went for a stars-and-bars theme, with 3″ in between each motif repeat. I didn’t use a template, though that certainly would make things easier if you want to do so.
Step 4: Cut out your design
Use your X-Acto knife to get a slit started in one of the corners, then use your scissors to finish cutting the rest of the design. I found this to be much easier than doing the whole thing with an X-Acto, since the blade can kind of drag and slip on the rubber. The main thing I would impress on you here is to always snip into the corners—it makes things so much easier!
Step 5: Stitch the top seam
Stitch both tubes together along one long edge. We’ll trim the belt down to this seam, so keep that in mind when choosing a seam width. To explain: My finished belt will be 1 1/4″, but my inner tube is 1 3/4″. So I stitched slightly more than a 1/4″ seam on both sides, so when I trim it down the finished width will be 1 1/4″.
Keep an eye on the bobbin side of things to make sure you’re not snarling the bobbin thread. If you are, adjust your tension.
If you’re skipping a lot of stitches, try using a new sharp needle.
Step 6: Apply the reflective tape
The tape I’m using is a 2″ Silver Adhesive Backed 3M Scotchlight Tape from Seattle Fabrics. Since my design is only 3/4″ wide, I cut it into 1″ strips, then cut those strips into a length that was 1/2″ longer than my design motif.
This stuff is super easy to use—just peel off the backing and stick it on.
Step 7: Stitch the rest
Stitch your second seam, using the same seam measurement you used in Step 5. Be careful to keep the two pieces from slipping against each other and bunching up.
Top stitch 1/4″ inside both seams, to help tack down the edges of your cutout designs. You can add more topstitching if you like, but I thought this worked just fine.
Trim down both sides to a scant 1/8″, and trim both ends so they’re straight.
Step 8: Attach the belt buckle
Cut a hole in the center of your belt about 2″ from the end. Slide the tongue of the buckle through, fold it over, then stitch it down. You’ll probably want to tighten your tension here, since you’re stitching through 4 layers of rubber. It can help to use your hand wheel to walk the machine through, too.
To make a loop, take a 3/8″ strip and top stitch along both sides (I simply salvaged a piece I’d cut off the end of the sewn belt, and trimmed it down). Carefully, carefully, stitch the ends together with a zig-zag. I used the hand wheel, and didn’t have much trouble.
Slide the loop onto the belt.
Try the belt on, then cut a hole for the tongue. You’re done!
Now, to answer the age-old question: how do you take a picture of your ass in the bathroom mirror without the photo looking like you’re going to advertise in the back page of the Stranger?
I’m still working on that one. Cropping helps.
Ha, I also use my measuring tape that way
I do it with my cutting mat, too. If I want to cut something 5″ long, instead of moving the end of it to the 0, I’ll usually just count from wherever it happens to be.
Pingback: Detours - Alternate Routes for Your Ride | Stuff Breaks Down (But You Don’t Have To) | Detours - Alternate Routes for Your Ride
Pingback: Uber Cool Bicycle Inner Tube Belt - Cycling Portland
Very cool, thanks for sharing!
Masking tape, teflon pressor foot & binder clips? Fucking brilliant! I’ve been having issues with all of the above on my OG home-machine trying to make stash pouches out of recycled tubes. Do you find that heavier thread types bind more easily that regular thread? I can’t wait to try out your suggestions! Thanks!
I think heavier thread does a better job, for sure. You should also use a good heavy duty needle (and make sure it’s sharp–I change mine out for every new belt I make). I use either a titanium-coated needle or a leather needle. Neither are too expensive.
Glad I could be of help!
Pingback: Choosing and cleaning inner tubes | Bicitoro: bikes and craftsVerified ID
- Phone Number▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ 19
- 1481 Friends
- Reviewed18 Reviews
- Offline IDIdentification Card
About Me
- Languages
- Bahasa Indonesia, English
- Widi's Airbnb Symbol
Visit create.airbnb.com »
Hey, I’m Widi!
Jakarta, Indonesia · Member since March 2013
Live in Jakarta with his lovely wife and 3 children. Enjoy traveling, books, and music. Love to meet new people from different background and nationality.
We didn't meet Widi but he was helpful when we contacted him for info. The unit is well located, near a train station and not far from CITOS (mini mall). The unit is cozy, suitable for a single or couple.He has issued a report with a US$1.5 billion price tag as his best guess. However, that's not what Sacconaghi believes will happen. Instead, he suspects Apple will relent and issue free Bumper cases to those who want them. With an estimated production cost of $1 each, the cost would drop significantly and frankly hardly disrupt Apple financially.
Earlier this week, several people suggested that a recall is inevitable, while others insist that it's not really a big deal. As I said yesterday, whatever Apple's going to do ought to be done sooner than later. While Apple is silent, consumers are seeing stories like this.cabinmoon's UploadsBack to cabinmoon's channel.
- Sweet By and ByRandy Travis Song Sweet By and Bycabinmoon2010-10-02T00:11:452,656 views00:02:46
- SpeachlessAvalon's "Speachless" is how I feel when taking photos. We try using photos, music, paintings... what ever our talent is but it is difficult to describe this Creator who is so big!cabinmoon2010-10-02T00:10:242,525 views00:05:31
- Sing HIS PraisesPaul Baloche song describing how all the earth must praise His greatness.cabinmoon2010-10-02T00:09:192,360 views00:05:26
- Baptize MeJaci Velasquez Baptize Mecabinmoon2010-10-02T00:04:013,127 views00:04:21
- Christmas CardMerry Christmascabinmoon2010-10-02T00:04:012,643 views00:04:33
- 3 Wooden CrossesRandy Travis 3 Wooden Crossescabinmoon2010-10-02T00:04:012,689 views00:03:27
No playlists found for this account.-
- News
- Calendar
- Blogs
- Sports
- Entertainment
- Business
- Lifestyles
- Community
- Opinion
-
- Classifieds
- Coupons
- Local Savings
- Green Editions
- Legal Notices
- Contests
- Weekly Ads
Connect with Us
-
-
-
- NEWSLETTERS
Teens threatened by box cutter at Oak Harbor McDonald’s
A 35-year-old Oak Harbor man is accused of threatening two teenaged boys with a box cutter at a McDonald’s restaurant, court documents indicate.
Joshua Tatum pleaded not guilty in Island County Superior Court Feb. 22 to two counts of felony harassment and one count of unlawful carrying or handling of a weapon.
According to the report on the incident, Oak Harbor Police Officer Mike Clements responded on Feb. 6 to a report of a disorderly man at the burger joint on Midway Boulevard.
Two teenaged boys claimed that Tatum threatened them after one of the boys refused to let him use a cell phone. Tatum said he would kill them both and that it would be funny if they were dead on the floor; Tatum then pulled out a folding box cutter, the report states.
The officer arrested Tatum, who appeared intoxicated, and confiscated the box cutter. Tatum gave a one-sentence statement about the incident, stating that he “was trying to stop two idiots from assaulting three women and a 4-year-old girl,” Clements wrote. Tatum signed the statement as “Tater Salad.”
Latest news, top stories, and community events,
delivered to your inbox.
Trending Stories May 15 - May 22
Read the May 20
Green Edition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.If senior speeches are anything to go by, then the 344 graduates of Mount Si High School’s Class of 2014, have a pretty good sense of who they are. They recognize the irony of sitting down in the morning to a breakfast their mothers made for them, on the day they “officially” enter adulthood, and they see the world of possibilities ahead of them, thanks to those who came before them.
Co-Valedictorians Duncan Deutsch and Lydia Petroske touched on technology a lot in their joint speech, both the silly side of it — an obsession with selfies, and a reminder that “SIRI doesn’t save lives in Africa” — and the opportunities, not just for careers in technology, but for changing the world, through technology and the Internet.
“Do we not see the change in impact we can have?” Deutsch asked his classmates.
Petroske urged them all to “follow your dreams… unlike any other generation before us, it’s really not that hard to do.”
And technology was everywhere in this graduation. The ceremony was streamed online for the first time this year for those who couldn’t get into the stadium or auditorium, or who didn’t want to risk the downpour that grey skies threatened, but never delivered. A pair of iPod earbuds was seen dangling from at least one grad’s neck, and the audience was a sea of mobile phones snapping photos. One student kept her phone handy so she could take a post-diploma selfie with Principal John Belcher and a friend. After the ceremony, people were either hugging and snapping photos, or had phones to their ears shouting “Where are you? I’m by the…” above the din.
Low technology had its moments, too, though. More than one parent came to the ceremony swathed in plastic garbage bags to keep off the rain, and the seniors followed the tradition of handing the principal something (this year, it was a toy foam dart, although one boy pulled a candy bar out of his pocket) to fill his hands while congratulating students. And when everyone had their diplomas, the early celebration began with the release, and eventual recapture, of some beach balls among the graduates.
No matter how many cameras captured the scene, the most important part, the one that will endure at least as long as those digital images and Facebook posts, were the moments themselves. Cheers from family members as the graduates’ names were called. An impulsive hug for Belcher after a boy accepted his diploma. The junior friends and teammates that found Trevor Daniels on “their” football field one last time. When Hannah Hayes, toting a “Go Alanna” sign in one hand and holding her phone to her ear in her other, finally found her sister and gave her a hug — still holding onto everything else.
Mount Si High School will remember the Class of 2014 for still other moments, enumerated by Salutatorian Marcus Deichman and Principal Belcher during their presentations. Eleven seniors were applauded for entering military service: Beau Shain, Devon Wattenbarger, Ryley Absher, Hunter Conway, Tye Rodne, Jackson Foster, Camden Foucht, Matthew Everett, Alexander Schiekle, Velvet Weber and Keldon Back. Seventeen were singled out for earning both their high school diplomas and associate’s degrees through Running Start. Another 161 students were recognized for academic honors denoted by gold or silver cords and grade-point averages of 3.8, 3.5 or 3.25 for their entire school careers, and 55 were recognized for earning the Washington Honors or Principals Awards,presented to the top 10 percent of students in state.
Eight National Merit Scholars were recognized; when Belcher said they were in the top 5 percent of the 1.5 million seniors graduating this year, an awed murmur rippled through the audience. Emma Bateman and Boone Hapke were recognized for being amoung in the top 1 percent of seniors, and Hapke was honored as a U.S. Presidential Scholarship semifinalist.
The Wildcats also had an amazing year in extra-curricular events, Belcher said, listing the seven sports teams that went on to post-season play, as well as the school’s Knowledge Bowl team placing fifth in state competition, the sports medicine team earning the 12th spot in national competition, Rachel Mallasch’s second-place win in a national video competition, and the Mount Si Jazz Band’s selection for the Essentially Ellington Festival at Lincoln Center, New York.
Belcher congratulated the class and sent them off.”
Mount Si students Ali Raphael, left, and Lydia Petroske flip their tassels to mark the passage to graduates at the conclusion of commencement exercises Friday, June 13, at Wildcat Stadium. Three hundred and forty four seniors wrapped up their high school careers at the graduation ceremony, held out of doors.
Co-Valedictorians Duncan Deutsch and Lydia Petroske gave a joint senior speech
No celebration is complete without beach balls.
Bryce Harder smiles after accepting his diploma
An empty seat holds a photo of the Class of 2014's late classmate, Cody Botten.
Carly Goodspeed adds to the pile of toys for Principal Belcher.
Duncan Deutsch is all smiles as he is congratulated by Principal Belcher.
Madelynn Esteb hugs a friend after the cap toss
Logan Cochran wears a lei made of protein bars. A friend made it for him; he planned to eat them.
Dean Sydnor accepts congrats from Principal John Belcher.
Jennifer Dean and Sally Nelson share their excitement as the graduation ceremony starts.
Hannah Hayes totes a “Go Alanna” sign in one hand and works her cell phone with the other, searching for sis Alanna Hayes.
Mount Si High School Principal John Belcher congratulates new graduate Natalie Korssjoen.
© Sound Publishing, Inc.
Our Titles | Work With UsLink Market Services is the share registrar for Newcrest Mining Limited (NCM).
You can find their contact details on the Shareholder Information page of the website.
Link Market Services is the share registrar for Newcrest Mining Limited (NCM).
You can find their contact details on the Shareholder Information page of the website.
You can view both current and historical annual reports on the website. If you wish to receive a hard copy annual report, please contact the company at investor.relations@newcrest.com.au. Login to the Investor Centre to update your communication preferences in order to automatically receive future annual reports in hard copy.
Newcrest's 2015 AGM will be held at 10.30am Thursday 29 October 2015 at the Clarendon Auditorium, Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre, 2 Clarendon Street, South Wharf, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia.
Shares of Newcrest Mining Limited are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), (ticker symbol: NCM), with a secondary listing on the Port Moresby Stock Exchange (POMSoX) (ticker symbol: NCM). The company also has an American Depositary Receipt (ADR) facility trading in the over-the-counter market in the US (ticker symbol: NCMGY).
Holder Identification Numbers (HINs) identify CHESS Sponsored holdings (also referred to as Broker Sponsored holdings). Note that your Holder Identifier has 12 characters usually starting with 'X', and 11 numbers often with several '0's (i.e. 'X00012345678'). Securityholder Reference Numbers (SRNs) identify Issuer Sponsored holdings (shares controlled by the particular share registry used by the listed company) and begin with the letter 'I' (i.e. 'I00012345678').
Your HIN or SRN appears on your original holding statement as well as subsequent statements and payment (dividend or distribution) advices. If you are unable to locate these documents, please call Link Market Services on 1300 554 474 or 02 8280 7111 to order replacement copies (charges apply).
Your SRNs and/or HINs identify you as the owner of your securities and should be stored securely.
If you have entered a sponsoring agreement with a broker (or another CHESS sponsor) then you are a CHESS Sponsored Holder - also referred to as a Broker Sponsored Holder. If not, then you are an Issuer Sponsored Holder.
CHESS Sponsored holdings are identified by a Holder Identification Number (HIN) while Issuer Sponsored holdings can be identified by a Securityholder Reference Number (SRN).
You can find out how many securities you hold by making a holding balance enquiry. For your security, you will be asked to provide your Securityholder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN), and the registered postcode.
It is important for us to ensure that shareholder communications and dividend statements are delivered to you at the correct registered address or email address. Keeping your nominated account details up to date is also essential for receiving your dividend by direct credit.
Yes you can. You can also update your personal details, your registered address, your TFN/ABN and change your dividend payment instructions (individual Issuer Sponsored holders only, subject to holding value) online.
The shareholder login access can be found on the Share registry page of the Newcrest website. You will need your Holder Identifier (HIN/SRN) and Australian Postcode or country code. Or alternatively via, click on “Investor Login” under “Investor Centre” and enter your personal details.
Newcrest Mining shareholders are able to receive Annual Reports, Notice of Meetings and other company notices online via email. You can elect to receive documents electronically by registering on line or contacting the Company’s Share Registrar, Link Market Services. Election to receive electronic copies can be changed at anytime by updating your details.
You can find out whether or not your Tax File Number (TFN) has been recorded by making an online TFN enquiry. For your security, you will be asked to provide your Security Holder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN) and the registered postcode.
If you are an Issuer Sponsored Shareholder (SRN starts with an “I”) there are a number of ways you can update your address:
Online (Individual Shareholders) - log on to your shareholding through a secured page either through the Share registry page on the Newcrest website or the Investor Service Centre page on Link Market Services website and choose “Update Address” from the Communications menu.
In writing (Joint or Company Shareholders) – download and complete a Change of Address form and return it to the share registry.
Whether you update your address by post or online, you will receive a confirmation from the share registry.
If you are a CHESS Sponsored shareholder (HIN starts with an “X”)(, you should contact your broker to update the address for you.
You can change your name by either completing a Name Correction form or writing a letter to the share registrar. A certified copy of a birth certification, marriage certificate, name change certificate or decree nisi (certificate of divorce) must accompany the form or the letter.
You can find out your current balance, transaction history and dividend payment information through a secured page on the Share registry page of the Newcrest website or by logging on to the Investor Service Centre section of Link Market Services.
You can buy or sell your shares on the stock market through a broker or through an online broker. If you do not have a broker, the ASX operates a broker referral service. Please refer to their website or call them on 131 279 (within Australia) / +61 2 9338 0000 (outside of Australia). Additionally, if wishing to sell your shares you can contact the Company’s Share Registrar, Link Market Services. Link Market Services offers a Sale Centre facility for a fee to Issuer Sponsored shareholders.
All sales need to go through a broker who is able to trade on the ASX.
You will need to contact the broker of your choice, as all brokers charge a different fee for their services. These can be either telephone based or internet based brokers. You can find internet based brokers in Australia on the Find a broker page of the ASX website.
You will require your Security holder Reference Number (SRN) or Holder Identification Number (HIN). This can be located on Statements and all personalised forms and would begin with the letter "I" or "X".
For NCM shareholders in all other jurisdictions you should contact the ASX on +61 2 9338 0000 or visit the ASX website for further information.
You can choose to receive your dividend either by direct credit or by cheque. Direct credit is faster and is secure. You may also wish to reinvest your dividend proceeds through the Newcrest Mining Dividend Reinvestment Plan.
You can change your personal details, including your payment instructions online, by logging on to your shareholding through our share registrar's website Link Market Services. If your holding is a joint holding or company holding, you should complete the direct credit form or write to the share registry. If you have any questions about your shareholding or have any problems with updating your instructions online, please contact Link Market Services.
Please be reminded that whichever method you have chosen to receive your dividend, it is important to keep your registered address and nominated account details up to date by notifying the share registry.
There are a number of ways you can update your payment instructions:
Online (Individual Shareholders) - log on to your shareholding through the secured page either through the Share registry page on the Newcrest website (or the Investor Service Centre page on Link Market Services website) and choose “Update Payment Instructions” from the “Payments & Tax” menu
In writing (Joint or Company Shareholders) - Download and complete a Direct Credit form and return it to the share registry.
Whether you update your payment instructions by post or online, you will receive a confirmation from the share registrar.
A copy of the DRP Rules are available on the Dividend Reinvestment Plan page of the Newcrest website.
There are a number of ways you can update your DRP instructions:
Online (Individual Shareholders) - log on to your shareholding through the secured page either through the Share registry page on the Newcrest website (or the Investor Service Centre page on Link Market Services website) and choose “Reinvestment Plans” from the “Payments & Tax” menu.
In writing (Joint or Company Shareholders) - Download and complete a Dividend Reinvestment Plan Election form and return it to the share registry.
Historic information about Newcrest’s declared dividends and DRP prices are available on the Dividend page of the website.
If you wish to change your address, direct credit instructions or DRP intentions or instructions for the next dividend, your notification should be received in writing by the share registrar before 5pm (AEST) on the record date.
If you wish to obtain a copy of a historic dividend statement, please log on through a secured page on the Share registry page or on the Investor Service Centre page of the Link Market Services website. Historic data is available from 2002.
For dividend information before 2002, please contact Link Market Services. You may be charged a fee if you request for a replacement statement through Link Market Services.
If you find that you have unpresented dividend cheques, please contact the share registrar Link Market Services. Link Market Services will organise for the original cheque to be stopped and replacement cheques issued.
You will find all the payment information required to complete your annual tax return (e.g. franked amount, imputed tax credits, net payment, etc.) on your payment advices.
If you are unable to locate your advices, please call Link Market Services on 1300 554 774 (within Australia) or 02 8280 7111 (outside Australia) to order replacement copies (charges apply).
Please note that taxation will vary depending on your own personal circumstances. You should seek advice from your personal financial adviser or accountant. Tax laws may change over time and the summary above is a broad overview only. It is for information purposes only.
Your dividend history is available online and details the net amount paid to you.
The ex-dividend date is a specific date, after which buyers of a share are no longer entitled to receive the last declared dividend. This is known as going 'ex-dividend' or the ’ex-date’. Before this date the shares are said to be 'cum-dividend'. If you buy shares before the ex-dividend date, you are entitled to the recently declared (but unpaid) dividend. If you purchase shares on or after that date, the previous owner of the shares is entitled to the dividend. According to ASX Listing Rules, shares are quoted on an ex-dividend basis four clear business days before the 'record date'.
This is the date the Registrars close the register to determine who is entitled to the dividend payment. A person's shareholding must be recorded in the "cum" register on this date to receive the last declared dividend. Newcrest’s practice is to set the record date about three weeks before the dividend is paid.
An ADR is a negotiable U.S. certificate representing ownership of shares in a non-U.S. corporation. ADRs are quoted and traded in U.S. dollars in the U.S. securities market. The dividends are paid to investors in U.S. dollars. ADRs were specifically designed to facilitate the purchase, holding and sale of non-U.S. securities by U.S. investors, and to provide a corporate finance vehicle for non-U.S. companies. ADRs can be held in book-entry form or as a physical certificate.
Newcrest ADRs trade on the Over-The-Counter (OTC) market in the U.S. under the ticker symbol NCMGY. U.S. dollar dividend payments and receiving corporate action notifications.
Currently the Newcrest ADR ratio is one ADR equalling one Newcrest Mining share (1:1).
The Bank of New York Mellon (BNY Mellon) is the depositary bank for Newcrest Mining’s ADR program. BNY Mellon issues and cancels Newcrest ADRs, they also maintain the ADR holder register and distributes the dividends in U.S. dollars. For additional general information, please visit BNY Mellon’s website at and search for Newcrest’s ADR profile.
The Bank of New York Mellon Shareowner Services
P O Box 358516
Pittsburgh, PA 15252 - 8516
Domestic USA Callers 1-888-269-2377
International Callers +1-201-680-6825
Website:
Yes.
No..
Your Newcrest.
It is important that you contact The Bank of New York Mellon Shareowner Services when you move so that your account records can be updated and your dividend cheque is sent to the right address.
You can request the replacement of a lost dividend cheque by contacting BNY Mellon. Upon authorisation from you, a stop payment order will be placed against the original cheque and a replacement cheque will be issued to you. You will be required to provide your Social Security Number.
For the most current Newcrest ADR dividend information you can contact BNY Mellon. You will be required to provide your account number, exact address, and exact name(s) on the account when requesting information. You can also refer to Newcrest’s profile on the BNY Mellon’s website and double click on the “Dividends and Distributions” section.
Newcrest provides the same financial information to all investors and conforms to all laws in the U.S. on disclosure pertinent to Level I ADRs.
At this time Newcrest does not solicit votes from ADR holders for its AGMs.New Lazy Phone ad from Motorola focuses on Touchless Control feature on the Motorola Moto X
0. phoneArena 26 Sep 2013, 01:29 posted on
The Lazy Phone series of ads from Motorola might be some of the most original and entertaining smartphone ads to come down the pike since Microsoft's Don't Fight, Switch spots; with TJ Miller portraying your lazy phone, everything seems true to life. Motorola sent us out a preview of the next ad in the series, which is now on YouTube....
This is a discussion for a news. To read the whole news, click here
1. Sniggly (Posts: 7249;: 1547;: 263;249;: 145; Member since: 23 May 2013)
LOL!! I've never laughed so hard. "What do you need glass for?"
3. CX3NT3_713 (Posts: 2017; Member since: 18 Apr 2011)
...was they using apple maps?? I didnt get it? Ha
4. Donkorvleone (Posts: 18; Member since: 30 May 2013)
Wow Stiffmeister is using a Motorola!:DWhile the rest of Sonoma State University is busy studying for finals, students Sarah Villasenor and Nicole Elsinetti have completed theirs early and are currently flying out to Harrisburg, Pa., to compete for their school’s Equestrian Club team in a national competition.
Elsinetti won first place Novice Over Fences at zone competitions and regionals, and Villasenor won first place in Walk/Trot at zones, qualifying her to compete at Nationals.
“If we do well in Pennsylvania, it is really an honor for our team to show how hard we’ve worked this year,” says Shira Rebibo, who has been riding for 14 years.
The Sonoma State Equestrian Club has experienced their most successful year since the team was formed in 2008 by two freshmen girls, Kirbi Rogers and Michelle Davis.
“They weren’t in a sorority, and they couldn’t really find what they wanted to do there, and the school’s kind of small, so it helps if you’re involved in something,” explains rider Taylor Leigh. “They both had a passion for horses, so they decided to start a club team.”
Unlike UC Davis and other California Universities, SSU does not have its own stables, so trainer Carrie Hover offered her skills and ranch for the girls to use. There they can advance their skills under her steadfast direction and utilize the beautiful Petaluma Hill Stables just across the street from the school.
The ranch itself has been there for about 23 years, and offers lessons for all levels and boarding facilities. Each student pays for their lessons, practices once a week and holds monthly fundraisers as well as write sponsor letters to come up with the funding for their program. This is, of course, in addition to attending school full-time and working.
“It’s hard because the other club teams at school don’t really take us seriously, and we’re looking to change that,” says Elsinetti. “We’re just looking to get the word out, expand the team more and have people learn about it. We’re looking to be more involved in the community.”
Elsinetti’s mother was a horse instructor herself, so Nicole has been riding since she was about 4 years old. Both she and Villasenor are ecstatic to represent their school in the competitions, which take place this weekend. They will be up against about 300 other schools, many of which have much more funding and support.
When you first join the equestrian team, you are placed in whichever level of riding you are at the time, then compete among the other 12 schools in our county’s regionals. If you place in regionals, you move onto compete within the West Coast Zone and hopefully gain enough points to make it to Nationals.
The girls compete in what is called “catch riding,” where you essentially draw a horse’s name from a hat and ride it in your competition for the first time. This can be tough because horseback riding relies heavily on the bond between the animal and its rider.
“You don’t know the horse as an individual,” says Hover. “You haven’t bonded with it, so you have to jump on and adjust. You only have one time to make these assessments really quickly.”
“It’s very difficult,” says Julia Caruana, who also did well in the Over Fences competition in regionals. “Then you have to be the best of the best to place in your zone.”
Hover mentions that catch riding does provide a more even playing field, because some girls cannot afford their own horses: “You don’t know what horse you’re going to get, but neither does anyone else.”
Most of the girls on the team live together, and a couple even came up to Sonoma State from their hometown as childhood friends. Despite their varying backgrounds and skill levels, it is clear how close the SSU Equestrian Club is to each other, forming a strong force of support as they send two of their best to face competitions this weekend.
“We’re proud to send Sonoma to Pennsylvania,” says Caruana.
To see photos or read more about the local equestrian team’s triumphs, they have a Facebook page and website at.Below are the stories from Cynthia, Kolbassia, Téa and Luka- who were the four we chose to feature in our final Refugee Week 2012 campaign.
Cynthia fled Zimbabwe in 2005. In 2011 she was a finalist for the Spirit of London Young Hero Award. She helped 60 young people to secure jobs at the Olympic games, working for an organisation that successfully campaigned for more than 1000 Olympic workers to be paid the London Living Wage. During the games she will be leading a team of catering staff.
Téa was a successful musician in Bosnia, before she escaped the war in the early 90's. Since then , she has impressively rebuilt her career in the UK and will now be performing at the Olympic Games opening ceremony.
Luka had to flee Zimbabwe in 2003 and is a leading human rights activist for Zimbabweans all over the world. As a Civil Engineering student in the UK, he is proud to be contributing to life in this country by being part of the Olympic support team during the Olympic Games.
Kolbassia fled from Africa several years ago. Since then he has learned English and gained a Masters degree. He now works with Freedom from Torture and coordinates the Survivors Speak Out Network of torture survivors in the UK. As a Trailblazer volunteer, he has worked for the past three years for the preparation for London 2012. He will be a Games Maker in the Basketball Arena for the Olympics.
©2015 Refugee Week& Counterpoints ArtsCompany No 8062988By Jacob Stockinger
This week in Madison is really devoted to chamber music – and should really be called and officially proclaimed “Pro Arte Quartet” Week.
That is because the week will see the official kick off of the season-long celebration marking the world record CENTENNIAL of the University of Wisconsin’s Pro Arte String Quartet (below, in a photo by Rick Langer) including lectures, open rehearsals and a fabulous FREE concert that features a world premiere of Walter Mays’ String Quartet No.2, one of four commissions from American composers by the Pro Arte to mark 100 years.
Below is a complete list of Pro Arte Quartet Centennial events.
But of course the Pro Arte Quartet celebration isn’t the only important musical event taking place. There are other concerts, including another famous modern quartet. Here is a wrap-up:
On Friday, in the Landmark Auditorium (below) of the First Unitarian Society Meeting House, 900 University Bay Drive, the weekly FREE Friday Noon Musicale, from 12:15 to 1 p.m., will feature the “Quartet for the End of Time” by Olivier Messiaen with local performers Nancy McKenzie, clarinet; Kangwon Kim, violin; Andre Kleesattel, cello; and Ankie Foell, piano. For information, call 233-9774. The performance will be repeated on Sunday at 2:30 p.m. in the Grand Hall of the Capitol Lakes Retirement Community, 330 West Main St., with a special lecture by pianist Foell who knew and worked with Messiaen. Admission there is free too.
Also on Friday, at 8 p.m. in Mills Hall, is a violin recital on the Faculty Concert Series with Tyrone Greive (below, in a photo by Katrin Talbot), violin and Martha Fischer, piano. The program includes “First Elegy” by Liszt, “Sonata in B-flat major” by Barbieri, “Fountains of Arethuse,” Op. 30, No. 1 by Szymanowski, “Flight” by Kochanski and “Sonata No. 1 in F minor,” Op. 80 by Prokofiev. Free admission.
On Sunday at 2:30 p.m. in the St. Joseph Chapel, 1000 Edgewood College Drive, Edgewood College (below) will give its FREE Fall Band Concert with the Edgewood Concert Band, conducted by Walter Rich. The concert will include music of Samuel R. Hazo, David Holsinger, Eric Whitacre, Norman Dello Joio, Johann Strauss, Robert Russell Bennett and Zo Elliott.
On Sunday at 3 p.m., Trevor Stephenson (below) will hold the first of three intimate house concerts this season and play 10 sonatas of Domenico Scarlatti on a harpsichord in his west side home at 5729 Forsythia Place. There is room for about 40. Reservations are required. Tickets are $35. Call (608) 238-6092 or send an email to trevor@trevorstephenson.com.
Now on to a round up of the Pro Arte Quartet Centennial events, which a city like Madison – with so many classical music events and fans – should be a MUST-ATTEND for those who like contemporary or new music, for those who like chamber music and for those who like participating in historic events, including a world premiere.
PRO ARTE QUARTET WEEK AT UW-MADISON
This season the University of Wisconsin’s Pro Arte String Quartet (below, seen in 1940, when they joined the UW-Madison) turns 100. It is a one-of-a-kind world milestone, maybe like winning five Rose Bowls back-to-back. SO THEY DESERVE OUR SUPPORT AND ATTENDANCE.
No other quartet in history has done that.
And the Pro Arte did it in a hard way.
The Belgian quartet was exiled on tour in Wisconsin when, in May 1940, Hitler invaded their homeland and they couldn’t return home. So the UW-Madison approached them to be artists-in-residence – the first quartet ever to do so – and they did.
That, in turn, changed the standard “business model” for string quartets by allowing quartets both to teach and to survive and thrive by performing and touring.
Understandably, the Pro Arte Quartet is celebrating the event in a big way, to the tune of a $500,000 commemoration.
This season they have commissioned four American composers – Walter Mays, John Harbison, William Bolcom and Paul Schoenfield – to writer quartets that they will give the world premieres of. Here is a schedule:
• Walter Mays’ String Quartet No. 2 (Oct. 22, this Saturday, at 8 p.m. in Mills Hall)
• Paul Schoenfield’s Three Rhapsodies for Piano Quintet (Nov. 19 in Mills Hall)
• William Bolcom’s Piano Quintet No. 2 (March 24 in Wisconsin Union Theater) with UW faculty pianist Christopher Taylor
• John Harbison’s String Quartet No. 5 (April 21 in Mills Hall)
In addition, there will be out-of-town guest lecturers including Anthony Tommasini of The New York Times and Bill McGlaughlin of “Exploring Music” on National Public Radio. There will be lectures, art exhibitions and more, including a book about the history of the Pro Arte Quartet and a 2-CD set of the commissions for Albany Records.
And in keeping with the spirit of the Wisconsin Idea, which is also marking its centennial and which says that the university should benefit the citizens who support it, all events are FREE and OPEN TO THE PUBLIC.
So mark your calendars and datebooks for the forthcoming events surrounding the first commission and concert:
Today, Wednesday, Oct. 19, 3:30 to 5 p.m. in Room 1351 in the Mosse Humanities Building, 455 N. Park St. Composer Walter Mays (below) will discuss “My Recent Music” as part of Pro Arte Quartet Centennial.
Thursday, Oct. 20, 9 a.m. to noon in Mill Hall. Open rehearsal by the Pro Arte Quartet with composer Walter Mays of the program for Saturday night.
Friday, Oct. 21, 4-5 p.m. in Room 2650 in the Mosse Humanities Building, 455 N. Park St. Lecture by culture historian Joseph Horowitz on “Wagnerism and the New American Woman.” (Part of the Wisconsin Book Festival.)
Saturday, Oct. 22, 3-5 p.m. in the Pyle Center, 702 Langdon St. Lecture on “Artists in Exile” by culture historian Joseph Horowitz (below), who wrote a book on that topic and will tracing the impact of exiled performing artists on America in the 20th century) followed by a question-and-answer session. Horowitz will be introduced by Paul S. Boyer, UW Professor Emeritus of American intellectual and cultural history. Boyer worked with Horowitz when Boyer edited the “Oxford Companion to United States History,” to which Horowitz contributed several articles and in 2008 when both men were involved in the New York Philharmonic’s observance of what would have been Leonard Bernstein’s 90th birthday.
Saturday, Oct. 22, at 8 p.m. in Mills Hall in the Mosse Humanities Building, 455 N. Park St. First of the four concerts with the WORLD PREMIERES of commissioned works: The Pro Arte Quartet will perform on the first half Ernest Bloch’s “Prelude” (1925), Samuel Barber’s String Quartet No. 1 (with the world-famous Adagio for Strings slow movement that the Pro Arte gave the world premiere of in Rome in 1936) and the the WORLD PREMIERE of Walter Mays’ String Quartet No. 2 (2011). The second half features Schubert’s gorgeously beautiful Cello Quintet (1828), with guest cellist Bonnie Hampton (below) from the Juilliard School. A free reception will follow in the lobby of Mills Hall. (Pre-concert events with introductions to the composer Walter Mays and culture historian Joseph Horowitz and questions from the audience at 7-7:30 p.m.) Within 24 hours, the concert will also be available for free streaming at under the Events Calendar.
Sunday, Oct. 23, Walter Mays’ String Quartet No. 2. The event will be broadcast live over Wisconsin Public Radio (WERN 88.7 FM in the Madison area) and is part of the opening celebration for the opening of the new wing of the Chazen Museum of Art. Call 608 263-2246.
For more information and background, visit:
Or call UW School of music at (608) 263-1900.
Or visit Pro Arte web sites:
For a sample, try:
For even more information, I suggest reading the recent stories by Gayle Worland in The Wisconsin State Journal. They were thoroughly research, extremely well written, with great human interest, and clearly organized and laid out:
And here is the official notice sent out to UW students, faculty and staff as well as to news media:BEST WESTERN San Dimas Hotel & Suites
No availability found through our partners. Please contact the business directly or check some of our recommended alternatives.
- " src="" alt="Hampton Inn Los Angeles/West Covina" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Garden Inn & Suites" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Park Inn By Radisson Covina" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="BEST WESTERN PLUS West Covina Inn" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Hilltop Suites Hotel" class="accom_photo">
- " src="" alt="Diamond Bar Inn & Suites" class="accom_photo">
How has this hotel rated in the past?
Location
Amenities
- Continental Breakfast
- Suites
- Swimming pool
- Free High-Speed Internet
- Business Services
- Wheelchair accessibility
Travelers also recommend:
-
-
- More recommendations
TripAdvisor Reviews BEST WESTERN San Dimas Hotel & Suites
Travel Blogs from San Dimas
Musicals & not much sleep...
The crying toddler made sure most of the cabin didn't sleep for a big chunk of the trip Realizing mid-flight that I had forgotten the Vegemite was a devastating blow, hopefully we can find some Aussies somewhere & bribe them. LAX wasn't as painful as we thought it would be & we survived a transfer driving on 'the freeway' - I think I saw Neo Made it to ...
Universal Adventure
... from 6th grade.
After dinner we went to Madamme Tussauds wax museum where I met President Obama and many other celebrities. I actually didn't know a lot of them but enjoyed my time there. On the way back we stopped to make our own candy bars at Sweet! I made one with peanut butter, Nutella, cookie dough, and Reese's peanut butter chips. Unfortunately it is too late for me to eat it. I will have to have it another day.
...
Cruisin Malibu
... br>
Heading back towards home, we stopped in at an Automotive Museum we had read about. Arriving 20 minutes before closing time, we decided we would return tomorrow for a good look around.
Heading out to our favourite Sushi restaurant for dinner. There was some excitement in town as the Police shut down a night club in the heart of Hollywood. They wouldn't say why, but between the 12+ squad cars (all reverse angle parked along the road), ...
Shopping Day
... br> Oh, Pete saw John Goodman at the Chinese Theatre getting his handprints put into cement today. There is always something going on down there, they are always blocking off the footpath for something and you see heaps of men in dark suits and sunglasses looking important, even though we know they aren't. Just a damn nuisance as you have to walk the long way around.
That's all for today...
...!
Home | News | Gear Guides | Electric Guitars | Acoustic Guitars | Top Amps | Forum | Newsletter | Guitar Sites Directory | Search
Popular Comments:
- suzuki three S guitar (1)
- Re: Takumi Luthier TC 135 S
- old guitars (4)
- Kiso Suzuki guitar model WR 150 ser#00918 (4)
- Suzuki F120 12 String? (2)
- Suzuki No. 9 guitar (6)
- Suzuki Supersounds Brazen picker profesional (L/h,Strat copy) (1)
- Takeharu WK-65 D (3)
- Want to know how a silvertone guitar eletric worth (3)
- Kiso Suzuki WT150 12 String Guitar (5)
- Kiso Suzuki WT150 12 String Guitar (5)
- Suzuki Dove 1970's (3)
- I need to know the value of a guitar (3)
- J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki (6)
- Kiso suzuki fe 150 1956 (1)
- suzuki guitar no.33 (2)
- Takeharu WTK 200 (1)
- Takeharu W400 (5)
- old guitar Suzuki f 100 (1)
- Suzuki f 100 (3)
- Takeharu WT-150 Folk Guitar (1)
- Simpsons - Sears Classical Guitar model 26150 (3)
- Kiso Suzuki No 150 (3)
- Old Takeharu guitar (9)
- Takeharu WK 250, good guitarr? (1)
- Suzuki Folk Guitar (4)
- suzuki guitar (5)
- Suzuki copy of Martin D35 (1)
- About "Suzuki" (26)
- kiso suzuki w200 12 string guitar (4)
- kiso suzuki w200 12 string guitar (4)
- Takeharu Guitars (27)
- kiso suzuki F-10 guitar (5)
- KISI SUZUKI W-300 (1)
- m suzuki fw 518 guitar (4)
- I need info on a Suzuki Guitar #7 (5)
- History of kiso suzuki? (2)
- Vintage Kiso suzuki 1976 dead mint for sale
- Suzuki Three's W-20
- Re: Takeharu guitar g-85 1975 (4)
- Suzuki guitar (3)
- I'm selling a VINTAGE kiso suzuki (4)
- suzuki guitar no 700 (1)
- 1967 Kiso Suzuki Classical Guitar (2)
- Kiso Suzuki J200 (1)
- Re: Suzuki W-5025 Guitar (3)
- Real values of kiso suzuki (15)
- Re: Kiso suzuki W-65HS (2)
- suzuki model w30a (2)
- Suzuki F-120 (15)
- Re: Suzuki Acoustic (WR-150)
- Re: Suzuki Acoustic (WR-150)
- Re: About (3)
- takeharu guitar (5)
- suzuki folk guitar no36 (2)
- Re: About Suzuki Model E 1 Acoustic Guitar
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki
- Re: About
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki (2)
- Re: Real values of suzuki kiso w 250 (12)
- Re: Real values of ANY guitar
- Kiso Suzuki - Violin Company (18)
- Re: Kiso Suzuki - Violin Company (5)
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150BK
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki
- Suzuki F-150 accoustic guitar (2)
- Re: suzuki kiso F130 guitar model and pictures (2)
- Re: Kiso Suzuki - Violin Company (14)
- Re: Suzuki guitars (9)
- Re: Real values of ANY guitar (17)
- Re: M Suzuki FW 518M guitar (2)
- Re: Nagoya Suzuki SD380
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki
- Re: Kiso Suzuki - Violin Company (1)
- Kiso Suzuki mandolin model MR-30 (5)
- Kiso Suzuki (2)
- Re: Takeharu Guitars (7)
- Suzuki guitars (6)
- Re: Nagoya Suzuki SD380
- Re: Kiso Suzuki mandolin model MR-200
- Re: kiso suzuki w200 12 string guitar
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki (2)
- Re: Suzuki les paul guitar (1)
- Re: Real values of kiso suzuki
- Re: Kiso suzuki W-65HS (2)
- Re: Suzuki Supersounds Brazen picker profesional (L/h,Strat copy (1)
- Re: Suzuki Dove 1970's (3)
- suzuki m215 (2)
- Re: Kiso Suzuki - Violin Company (1)
- Re: Real values of kiso suzuki (1)
- Re: kiso suzuki w200 12 string guitar (2)
- Re: Kiso Suzuki Violin Company, and, Takeharu Guitars. (1)
- Re: Suzuki F-120
- violino (1)
- F-90 acoustic guitar information
- Re: Old Takeharu guitar
- Re: Kiso- Suzuki G-150 Classical Guitar
- Re: Takeharu WTK 200 (2)
- Re: M Suzuki FW 518M guitar (3)
- Re: Kiso suzuki W-65HS (1)
- Re: Kiso suzuki W-65HS 6 strings '70 guitar (1)
- Re: Takeharu WT-150 Folk Guitar (2)
- Re: Suzuki Supersounds Brazen picker profesional (L/h,Strat copy (2)
- Re: Suzuki Supersounds Brazen picker profesional (L/h,Strat copy (3)
- Re: Suzuki Supersounds Brazen picker profesional (L/h,Strat copy (1)
- Re: suzuki guitar no 700 (1)
- Re: suzuki guitar no 700 (4)
- To dianne, suzuki G-150 +catalogs
- Re: Kiso Suzuki J200 (2)
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki (21)
- Re: Kiso Suzuki - Violin Company (1)
- Re: Kiso Suzuki mandolin model MR-30
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki (2)
- Re: Real values of kiso suzuki (1)
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki (4)
- Re: Real values of kiso suzuki (7)
- Re: Real values of ANY guitar (13)
- Re: J. Watson & Co. guitar WD150D - made by Suzuki (2)
- Re: Kiso Suzuki Violin Company, and, Takeharu Guitars. (2)
- Re: Kiso suzuki fe 150 1956
- Re: Kiso Suzuki Violin Company, and, Takeharu Guitars. (1)
- Takeharu Guitars (9)
- Re: Kiso Suzuki - Violin Company (12)
- Re: Suzuki f 100
- Re: Real values of ANY guitar (13)
- Re: Takeharu guitar G180-197model
- Re: Takeharu guitar gh-80 1973
- Re: Suzuki F120 12 String? (2)
- Re: Simpsons - Sears Classical Guitar model 26150 (3)
- Re: Takeharu guitar g-85 1975 (10)
- Re: Takeharu guitar gh-80 1973
- Re: Suzuki F-150 accoustic guitar (2)
- Re: Suzuki F-120/ SD 335N (10)
- Re: Suzuki guitar (1)
suzuki fw 507
I've purchased a suzuki fw 507 around the end of the '70 in italy; I'd like to have as much info as possible about it, material used, value, raccomended strings, etc, since there's nothing on the net or anywhere else; thanks; luigi
help !! pro martin
dose any one no anything about a pro martin ??????
KISO SUZUKI VIOLIN Model No. G 300
Hi I have a:
KISO SUZUKI VIOLIN CO. LTD, MODEL NO. G300.
And I would like info about it and how much would it be worth in US DOLLARS. Thank you. :)
Re: KISO SUZUKI VIOLIN Model No. wt 300
: Hi I have a:
: KISO SUZUKI VIOLIN CO. LTD, MODEL No. wt300.
: And I would like info about it and how much would it be worth in US DOLLARS. Thank you.
Seeking background on Suzuki No. 5
Greetings All
My wife bought me home a #5 that she picked up at a market for AUD20! Structurally it's in good condition, has cosmetic nicks and scratches and the machine heads need a lube and tighten. That and a new set of strings and I reckon she'll be sweet! I'm interested in any info on this model anyone can share. I'm principally a keyboard player but absorbed guitar during the great acoustic era of CSN&Y & the like. I find the strings (only 5 at the moment) to be spaced quite closely together and even tho I have 'fine' fingers I have to be careful to avoid fingernails touching the adjacent string, but familiarity will kick in eventually.
Regards..........Jon in Queensland Australia.
Post new commentNSRD or Nebijušu Sajūtu Restaurēšanas Darbnīca (Latvian: "Restoration Workshop of Unprecedented Feelings") was a musical group from Latvia. They played experimental/electronic music with influences of New Wave and New Age.
The band was formed in 1982 by Hārdijs Lediņš, architect and DJ, and Juris Boiko, universal artist. In the early years they played electronic avant-garde. They were pioneers of this kind of music in Latvia. Along with their fellow musicians Dzeltenie Pastnieki (who were more popular than NSRD), they were the first New Wave musicians in the Latvian SSR. Their records were available only on magnetic tape.
As they were so untraditional in the Latvian music scene, they didn't gain a lot of popularity in the 1980s. Nowadays their music is popular among collectors and music fans.According to Jim 2001 | TV Show Watchlist
Season 2, Episode 21 Bo Diddley
First Aired: April 1, 2003
A chance to meet Bo Diddley (in a cameo) threatens Jim's vow to stay at Cheryl's side during dental surgery. Doctor: Steve Susskind. Marilyn: Robin Krieger. Cheryl: Courtney Thorne-Smith. Andy: Larry Joe Campbell. Dana: Kimberly WilliamCards' closer Motte likely to start season on DL
Saturday, March 23, 2013
JUPITER, Fla. (AP) — St. Louis Cardinals closer Jason Motte probably will start the season on the disabled.
More like this story
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Please review our Policies and Procedures before registering or commentingNoteworthy
Free Job Skills Workshops
Posted on January 16, 2014
by Heather Busch
Want to improve your chances of job search success? Then you may want to check out one of the many On-Ramp Program workshops being offered this semester.
Topics include goal setting, resume tweaking, crafting your elevator speech, phone interviews, test-taking anxiety and more.
Workshops are free and are open to all JTCC students.
See the complete list of workshops, including their locations and times.
Learn more about the College's On-Ramp Program, which is designed to help dislocated workers improve their chances of job-hunting success, at.
Information Maintained by:
College Relations
Heather Busch, Creative Services ManagerLeave a Review
Reviews
Pallid and blah. Not at all interesting. Make the traditional French onion soup instead.
I made this as a first course for Passover - without the croutons, of course. Simple and delicious - be sure to use Vidalia or other sweet onions. Rather than use so much scallion, I simply added about a two tbsp to each bowl as a garnish.
My whole family loved this soup and couldn't stop talking about how good it was. Drizzling the croutons with the olive oil as directed leaves a lot of dry (unflavored) spots and it's easy to miss some croutons completely (stirring does not distribute the oil any more evenly), but I guess you don't really notice that when they're in the soup.
I've been making this soup since it was first published in Gourmet. It always gets fabulous reviews and is EASY to make.TAMPA — The year was a little wetter than normal, and December has been decidedly warmer than usual, but the most out-of-the-ordinary trait of 2013’s weather was once again what didn’t happen. For the eighth year in a row, no hurricane made landfall in Florida.
Other than the state’s current string of good luck when it comes to hurricanes, 2013’s weather was fairly typical for a state known more for its atypical weather.
Rainfall was slightly higher than normal, but nearly equal to last year. Through Dec. 23, Tampa had 51.92 inches of rain, about six inches more than normal. Last year was a little wetter; Tampa recorded nearly 56 inches of rain in 2012.
The record for rain was set in 1959 when just under 77 inches of rain soaked Tampa and the surrounding region.
As for temperatures, only a third of a degree separates the average temperatures of 2013 and 2012, which is less than a degree lower than normal, according to forecasters with the National Weather Service in Ruskin.
“We had no overly significant events that caused a lot of rain to fall on us,’’ said weather service meteorologist Nicole Carlisle, searching for an encompassing phrase to describe 2013. “Nothing too unusual happened.”
No hurricanes came near Florida this year. Hurricanes and tropical storms are a major source of precipitation, and rain spawned by a hurricane that comes even close to Florida can bump year-end rainfall amounts to well above normal.
The eight year hurricane-free string is somewhat against the odds. According to the National Hurricane Center, four out of every 10 hurricanes that have hit the United States since 1851 have landed along Florida’s 1,300 miles of coast.
That’s 114 hurricanes in 162 years, but the last hurricane to hit the Sunshine State was Wilma on Oct. 24, 2005.
A lot of factors figure into whether a hurricane season is active, including El Nino and La Nina. The prevailing theory for the continued lack of hurricanes this year is that weather conditions over the Sahara Desert in North Africa blew sand and dust over the eastern Atlantic Ocean, hindering the formation of tropical cyclones that eventually find their way to the U.S. coastline.
In June, Tropical Storm Andrea swept by West Central Florida, making landfall up near Cedar Key. Along with some wind and storm surge, the storm did dump nearly 4 inches of rain on parts of the region.
Even without hurricane precipitation, rainfall around Tampa this year was enough to keep the aquifer and lake levels near normal. That’s mainly because the summer rainy season lived up to its name.
There were plenty of thunderstorms in August and September, which helped keep steady the level of the aquifer, the underground water source that slakes thirst of most of the area’s residents.
The level of the Floridan Aquifer beneath the region that encompasses Hillsborough, Pasco, Pinellas and Polk counties was measured at 3.61 feet above sea level last week, well above the 2.81 level last December. But it’s been fairly dry since October, prompting the water management district to declare a water shortage earlier this month, limiting lawn watering and irrigation. It’s not an unusual occurrence this time of year.
Though the summer was wet, it didn’t reach the rainfall levels of 2012, a year which Tropical Storm Debby set a one-day record by dumping more than 7 inches on Tampa International Airport on June 24, breaking the record of 5.29 inches set in 1995. The airport saw seven days with more than 2 inches of rain from June through August of 2012.
On the hot and cold side of things, 2013 felt warmer, particularly recently.
Tampa residents have noticed an unusually warm December in which record high temperatures were recorded in Lakeland, Sarasota and Bradenton in mid December.
The month was pocked with only a couple cold mornings in which lows reached into the 40s and 50s, but mostly December was balmy and short-sleeved.
The average temperature in Tampa for December is 69 degrees, according to the weather service data, and Tampa this year stood at a solid 5 degrees above normal for the month.
Over the year, the average temperature in Tampa was 74.5 degrees, said Carlisle, with the weather service, just a shade below the 74.9 mark in 2012. Last year was the second warmest year since 1990, when the record average high temperature in Tampa was 75.3 degrees.
So, what’s in store for 2014? It’s anybody’s guess, said Carlisle.
“The winter will be close to normal, with slightly below normal precipitation,” she said, but going beyond those three months was pure speculation.
“Probably,” she guessed when pressed, “normal temperatures will continue.”
The age-old prognosticator of yearly weather forecasts, the Old Farmer’s Almanac, says this about the 2014 weather in Tampa:
September and October will be warmer and rainier than normal, “with several hurricane threats in September.”
kmorelli@tampatrib.com
(813) 259-7760Soundiron tells us that Voices Of Rage is an aggressive death metal, hardcore and metalcore vocal library that combines awesome vocal performances, powerful word and lyric building systems, tempo-synched step sequencing, multiple microphone types, rack multi-FX and tons of cutting edge content and capabilities. They say that it explores the raw, brutal and guttural vocal style that death metal and hardcore is known for, in all of its roaring, screaming, hissing and screeching glory. Here's what Soundiron has to say about it in their own words...
We recorded vocalists Evan "Severed" Seidlitz, Alecia "Mixi" Demner (Stitched Up Heart), Jason Kocol (Impaled) and Aaron Boynton (The Sky We Scrape), each bringing their own style and technique, giving you options to work with a broad range of metal sub-genres. We pushed them to their absolute physical limits to build a massive array of fully playable lyrics, recording with both stage dynamic and studio condenser mics to give you total control. Our Wordmaster dictionary includes 100 playable words, covering a variety of nouns, pronouns, verbs and adjectives. Each word was chosen to create an effective lyrical toolbox. You can flip between sustain and staccato modes - and choose either guttural death and acidic screaming for each.
We also recorded hundreds of live phrases that can be assembled into your own songs using our phrase step-sequencer and tempo-synched, stretched, layered and blended. The FX Rack panel provides multi-effects, compression, delay, EQ, amp/speaker simulation and reverb, with our most popular custom recorded rooms, halls, cathedrals and fx impulses. Finally, we contorted the source recordings into a selection of atmospheres.
This regular open-format Kontakt library requires the full version of Kontakt 5.1 or later.
Pricing and Availability:
$89 through May 1st (Normally $139)
More information:
More From: SOUNDIRONMore From: SOUNDIRON
I
New 2.4GHz Digital Filmmaker Kit looking pretty goodMay 22, 2015
A round of stormy weather Friday sent mud oozing down from the hills on Sierra Madre streets. Moisture coming from the storm covered some mountain communities with blankets of snow. Thunderstorms roamed across the Mojave Desert and rain was falling in many areas, making for a rare, soggy start to a Memorial Day weekend in Southern California. Some of the rain was welcome due to the extremely dry conditions that have caused a number of wildfires. Dirty brown water and sludge washed onto the roads in a densely populated canyon near Sierra Madre below foothills that were burned bare by a recent wildfire. Some roads were closed briefly before a skip loader was brought in to clear the area as road crews standing in foot-deep mud wielded.‘Ruins of War’: Finding a Killer in Post-War Munich
John A. Connell’s debut novel Ruins of War follows US Army detective Mason Collins, a former Chicago policeman, as he investigates a string of grisly murders in Munich during the winter of 1945. Collins ticks all the proper hardboiled detective boxes: he had run-ins with corrupt cops back home, he’s not very interested in altering his investigation to fit the Army’s PR needs and he’s willing to risk the lives of his colleagues and loved ones to nail the killer. +Continue ReadingTwo P-plate drivers allegedly speeding along Hepburn Avenue have had their cars impounded and have been charged with reckless driving.
A police spokeswoman said Traffic Enforcement Group officers conducting patrols last night spotted two vehicles travelling at speed about 10.30pm.
Police allege a PT Cruiser and a Holden Commodore were racing along Hepburn Avenue in Alexander Heights with the Cruiser estimated to be travelling at 141Km/h and the Commodore 148Km/h in a 70Km/h zone.
The 18-year-old male driver of the Commodore and the 19-year-old male driver of the Cruiser have been charged with reckless driving and will appear in the Joondalup Magistrates Court at a later date.
Both vehicles have been impounded for 28 days.
Auction no. 37 - Books, Manuscripts, Rabbinical Letters(425 Lots)
by Kedem Public Auction House Ltd
425 lots | 396 with images
April 2, 2014Live Auction
58 King George St
Jerusalem, Israel
April 2, 2014Live Auction
58 King George St
Jerusalem, Israel
Description:.View additional info »
Description: Portrait of a Jewish man, by Arthur Bryks. Oil on wood. Signed. 35X28 cm. Frame: 49X41 cm. Good condition.View additional info »
Description: Two Jews studying from a book. Painting by Arthur Bryks. Oil on canvas. Signed and described on the reverse (in German). 57X77 cm. Frame: 72X94 cm. Fair condition. Damage. Approx. 6 cm. tear along center of canvas.View additional info »
Description: decorating text performed by Moshe Ariel. 35X45 cm. Printing instructions appear on leaf margins. • Five 51X65 cm. illustrations. Signed. Dated 1986. • Two 40X50 cm. illustrations. Signed and dated 1986. Yitzchak Pressburger (b. 1933), native of Pressburg, immigrated to Eretz Israel in 1947 on the "Exodus" ship that transported Jewish emigrants from France to British Mandatory Palestine. Settled in Kfar Ruppin (Ruppin Village) and studied art in Avni Institute of Art and Design. In 1964 he immigrated to France and studied in National School of Fine Arts in Paris. In 1979, after becoming religiously observant, returned to Eretz Israel with his family. Attached are brochures for ordering of portfolio as well as leaf consisting of preface with quotation from Psalms 122 (English and French), apparently from original portfolio. Good condition.View additional info »
Description: Jews, three pencil drawings on paper. One drawing is signed (unidentified). 18X26 cm. (framed 32X42 cm.); 20X28 cm. (framed 34X45 cm.); 24X29 cm. (framed 38.5X46 cm.). Good conditionView additional info »
Description: Jew with a Torah Scroll. Oil upon cardboard. Signed (unidentified). 9X12 cm. Within wooden frame: 28X31 cm. Good condition.View additional info »
Description:).View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:).View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description: .View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description:.View additional info »
Description: A Colorful ketubah in the form of a pamphlet. Written section by section on five pages [!] on high-quality paper. Adorned with gold, silver and other colors. Signatures of witnesses and Rabbis. Tehran (Persia), Cheshvan 1920. 6 illustrated pages, approximately 22 cm. Good-fair condition. Wear and detached leaves. Wear damage to margins. Stains. Original velvet binding, damaged.View additional info »
Description: A large collection of wedding invitations, from families of Chassidic Rebbes of our times (Sadigura, Lalov, Nadvorna, Skver, Vizhnitz, Satmar, Lublin, Sanz, Skulen, Spinka, Slonim, Shomrei Emunim). From approximately 1970-2010. Approximately 75 items. Some invitations have handwritten inscriptions.View additional info »
Description: Birat Migdal Oz, Birkot Shamayim, Part 3 of the Siddur by Rabbi Ya'akov Emden. Berdychiv, 1836. Second edition, with approbations by Rabbi Yisrael of Ruzhin and Rabbi Mordechai of Chernobyl. Part 3 of Siddur Paltin Beit El, arranged by Rabbi Ya'akov Emden, Altona 1745-1747 (No other parts were printed in Berdychiv). This part has Seder Brit Milah, laws and customs from a person's birth until his death, methods of education, laws of Issur and Heiter, ethics, philosophy etc. [3], 4-34, 37-362, [2] leaves. Approximately 18 cm. Good-fair condition, stains and restored moth damage. Ancient owner's signature "Baruch". Rare, includes 2 leaves - a list of corrections which does not appear in the Bibliography Institute CD and which is not at all extant.View additional info »
Description: Siddur for everyday use and for festivals, according to the Sephardic custom. Amsterdam, [1739]. Particularly miniature edition. Composed of two parts. Part 1 for every day and Shabbat use. Part 2 (with separate title page) for festivals. On the reverse side of title page, the publisher, Naftali Hertz HaLevi writes, "In Amsterdam, I have seen a miniature siddur with small lettering without vowels, and youngsters cannot read the text when praying. I felt their discomfort and have printed this siddur... in the smallest volume ever printed in thin small letters with new and attractive vowels...". Handsome copy with original elaborate binding. 318 leaves. 6 cm. Very good condition. Few stains. Gilded edges. Minor damages to binding. See the Bibliography Institute CD, Listing 0306843 for differences among the various copies of this siddur.View additional info »
Description: Seder Meah Brachot - Blessings, prayers and piyutim, including the Seder Hagaddah of Pesach. Amsterdam, 1688. Albertus Magnus printing. Approbation by Rabbi Yitzchak Abuhav, Rabbi Ya'akov Sasportas and Rabbi Shlomo Di Olivera. Includes the version of Eruvei Chatzerot, Tavshilin and Techumin, Kiddush for Shabbat and Festivals, Hatavat Chalom, Hatarat Nedarim, Tikun Chanuka, laws and customs, Birkot HaNehenin, blessings for betrothal and marriage, circumcision of convertsand slaves, blessing on purchase of slaves, Pidyon Haben, Pidyon HaKerem, Tefillat HaDerech, siyum of a tractate, blessings to be recited at various times and places, prayers for the sick and for woman at birth, change of name, Tahara of the dead, Hashkavot, "Hashkava of those who were burnt in the sanctification of G-d's name", [prayer on Anusim who were burnt in the auto-da-fé in Spain Miniature volume. Two title pages, the first title page is illustrated with copper etchings with drawings of the Blessing on the Moon, the blessing on spices (Havdalah), Birkat HaMazon, blessing for shofar blowing and for Brit Milah. The date on this title page is 1687, whereas the date on the second title page is one year later. [4] leaves, 303, 20, [2] pages. (Lacking one page after the two title pages and 4 leaves with charts for calculating Tekufot). Leaves 1-24 of the first numbering were mistakenly bound at the end of the book. 11.5 cm. Good-fair condition. First title page is loose, with restored tears. Stains, moth marks. Tear with lack to one leaf. New binding. Handwritten signature and glosses. Very rare. Not listed in Otzar HaHagadot and in Ya'ari.View additional info »
Description: Siddur Mibracha, according to the custom of the Italian communities, brachot and piyutim for various occasions, Passover Haggadah. Ferrara, 1693. Birkat HaMazon, piyutim and songs for Shabbat and Motza'ei Shabbat, Passover Haggadah, Kiddush for festivals, Seder Brit Milah, Pidyon HaBen, Hatavat Chalom, Tefillat HaDerech, etc. Includes piyutim by Italian Torah scholars. This edition has the addition of two piyutim by the Mekubal Rabbi Yitzchak Berachya of Pano. All the pages are bordered with frames. The Passover Haggadah has illustrations of Matzah and Maror. 59. 40-121, 123-129, 151-152, 154-159, [2], 138-161 pages. 13.5 cm. Good condition. Stains (title page has many stains). Few tears. Moth marks to some leaves. Artistic restoration of leaves. New leather binding. From the collection of Moshe Ya'ari.View additional info »
Description: Prayers for fast days, according to the custom of the Sephardic communities. Prayers, lamentations and Torah readings for fast days throughout the year. Amsterdam, [1726]. Handsome copy in good condition. The haftarah for Tisha B'Av has a Spanish translation after each verse. Ancient leather binding, with handsome impression of gilded decorations and the name of the owners: "Natan bar Moshe Di Fris". Has original metal clasps. 126 leaves. 16 cm. High-quality paper. Few stains, most pages are clean. Moth marks to several leaves. Leaves 18-23 are detached. Minor damages to binding.View additional info »
Description: Seder tefillot, "According to the Ashkenazi Holy Community with many innovations". Prayers for every day, Shabbat and Festivals. Venice, [1755]. Pocket edition. 39, 41-144 leaves. 11 cm. Good condition. Stains. Moth holes to several leaves. New binding. Bibliographically unknown. Not listed in the Bibliography Institute CD and not in the JNUL.View additional info »
Description: Seder Tefilat Kol Peh - for the whole year. Prague, 1836. Prayer book as customary in Poland (Ashkenazi version). For weekdays, Shabbat, Amidah prayers for Pesach, Shavuot and Sukkot, Rosh HaShanah and Yom Kippur. Ownership signature from 1839. Stamp of Dr. Heinrich Loewe. Miniature format. 192 leaves. 8.5 cm. Good condition, stains. Original leather binding, with slight damage, reinforced in inner side.View additional info »
Description: Siddur according to the Polish Ashkenazi custom, "Arranged and printed nicely", laws and explanations in Yiddish-Deutsch, with Pirkei Avot (with commentary) and the Parshiot, Yotzrot and Selichot. Offenbach. 1806. Bound with Tehillim and Techinot, with a special title page. Offenbach, 1802. See next item and see also Bibliography Institute CD, listing no. 0320600. [2], 238, 136, 36, 8 leaves; 116, 16 leaves. 18 cm. Good condition, stains, leaves cut on text border. Worn binding. Rare.View additional info »
Description: Arrangement of prayers according to the customs of Ashkenaz and Poland. Prayers for the entire year, Shabbat, festivals and Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur with Birkot HaNehenin, Torah portions, Selichot, Hosha'anot, piyutim, Tractate Avot, Psalms, Techinot, etc. With German and Yiddish translation. Offenbach, [1822]. On title page is the emblem of the printers, R' Zvi Hirsh Segal Shpitz and his son R' Avraham. Separate title page for the book of Psalms (dated 1806). On the last leaf, a handwritten list of deaths and births. [2], 238, 36, 33-136, 36, 8; 116, 16 leaves. 19 cm. Good-fair condition. Several detached leaves. Stains and wear. Without binding.View additional info »
Description: Shabbat Songs, with the commentary of Mateh Yehuda on "the Hebrew writing and the Ashkenazi language" [Yiddish in Hebrew letters]. [Lemberg, 1804]. Title page adorned with illustrations of fish and a wine vessel. 30 leaves. 17.5 cm. Bluish paper, fair condition, wear and stains, sheets cut with damage to titles and "page guards" (shomrei daf). New binding.View additional info »
Description: Biblia Sacra, Bible in six languages: Hebrew, Aramaic, Greek, Latin, German and French. Nuremberg, 1599. Five books of Moses, Joshua, Judges and Ruth. No other books. A column of the Hebrew text next to columns of translation (six columns each spread). The Greek translation is the Septuagint, the Latin translation is from the Vulgate Bible and the German translation is by Luther. The Hebrew text is from the Bible printed in Hamburg (1588) edited by Hutter, with the root letters in normal font and the other letters hollow. [2], 287; 851; 319 pages. 36.5 cm. High-quality paper, good condition, stains, moth marks and tears to several leaves. New binding.View additional info »
Description: Bible with hollow letters. Köln, 1603. Title page and introduction in Latin. According to the Bible editions printed in Hamburg in 1587-1603, where the root letters appeared in regular fonts and the other letters were printed in a hollow font. The root letters were added in tiny font above each word. [7], 1135; [1], 1140- 1572 pages. Approximately 39 cm. Good-fair condition, stains and minor damages, restored missing parts in first title page and in several leaves. Many Latin inscriptions and owners' inscriptions from various times. Wooden binding covered with ancient leather with renewed back.View additional info »
Description: Ezrat HaSofer, Tikun Sofrim Vavei Ha'Amudim [Five Books of the Torah, with Haftarot]. With Or Torah glosses by Rabbi Menachem Di Lunzano "It is proper to study and use for copying a Sefer Torah". Amsterdam, [1767-1769]. The book was intended to be used by scribes as a model for writing a Sefer Torah [according to the custom called Vavei Ha'Amudim, each column of the Sefer Torah starts with the letter Vav]. Printed that year in two editions, this is the edition with vowels, te'amim and numbering of the verses and chapters. Shirat HaYam was designed according to the manner it is written in a Sefer Torah and therefore it was printed on wider pages folded inside the book. The leaf before the title page is illustrated in the first volume with the date 1769. The rest of the title pages are dated 1767. Separate title pages for the section of Haftarot in each volume with the date 1778. This is a slightly different copy from what is listed in the Bibliography Institute. Printed at the end of Devarim are the Leap Year Calendars (separate title page) - calendar leaves for fixing festivals (Hebrew and Spanish). The book Me'ir Netiv - on the Holy Names and mundane names in a Sefer Torah is also printed at the end of Devarim and not at the beginning of Bereshit [as well as the poems praising the book and its editor]. The Haftarah of Shabbat Eichah is printed with a Spanish translation, verse per verse. 5 volumes, 19 cm. Bereshit: [1], 65; 26 leaves. Shemot: 66-121; [2], 28 leaves. Vayikra: 122-163; [2], 24 leaves. Bamidbar: 164-221; [2], 16 leaves. Devarim: 222-290, [12] leaves. [4] leaves of approbations and the introduction to the first part were mistakenly bound between the page of the haftarot of Sefer Bamidbar. Fancy set, with original bindings, gilded impressions with the acronyms of the owner's name. Gilded edges. Fabric bookmarks. Most of the leaves are in good condition, few stains. Sefer Bereshit has moisture stains.View additional info »
Description: Chamisha Chumshei Torah, five Megillot, and Haftarot. Amsterdam, [1746]. Pocket edition. With vowels and te'amim. Inscriptions of the 613 mitzvoth on page margins. Separate title page [with date of year 1747] for section of Haftarot. Glossary of words of Haftarot. 79, 90-106, 97-142, [2]; 52 leaves. 13 cm. Good condition, stains, moth marks. Ancient leather binding with gilt impression, traces of buckles. Damages and moth damage to binding.View additional info »
Description: Babylonian Talmud. Complete set. Dyhernfurth. [1800-1804]. Widow and Brothers Maia Printing Press. 12 volumes: 1. Berachot and seder Zeraim. [1803]; 2. Shabbat [1800], Eiruvin [1801]; 3. Pesachim, Beitzah [1800]. Chagigah, Moed Katan. [1801]. 4. Rosh Hashanah [1800], Yoma, Sukkah, Ta'anit, Shekalim, Megillah [1801]. 5. Yevamot [1804], Ketubot [1803], Kidushin [1804]; 6. Gittin, Nedarim, Nazir, Sotah [1803]; 7. Bava Kamma, Bava Metziah [1800]; 8. Bava Batra, Avodah Zarah [1801]; 9. Sanhedrin, Shvuot, Makot, Horayot, Eduyot [1802]. 10. Zevachim [1800], Menachot [1803], Bechorot [1802]; 11. Chulin, Erchin, Temurah [1802], Keritot [1803], Me'ilah [1802]. 12. Niddah and Seder Taharot [1802]. Signatures, ownership notations, family notations and many scribbles on binding leaves. 37 cm. General condition good-fair. Stains, wear and tear. Original leather bindings, damaged and worn.View additional info »
Description: Babylonian Talmud, with Rav Alfas and Mordechai. Zhitomir, 1858-1864. Shapiro Brothers Printing Press. 18-volume set. Missing: tractate Ketubot. 18 volumes: Berachot; Shabbat; Eiruvin; Pesacim-Chagigah; Rosh Hashanah-Yoma-Sukkah; Beitza-Ta'anit-Megilla-Moed Katan; Yevamot-Sotah; Gittin; Nazir; Kiddushim-Nedarim; Bava Kamma; Bava Metziah; Bava Batra; Sanhedrin-Makot-Horayot-Eduyot-Avot and small tractates; Shvuot-Avodah Zarah; Zevachim-Menachot; Chulin; Bechorot-Erchin-Temurah-Kritot-Meilah-Tamid; Nidah. 38 cm. Conditions of volumes vary; good-fair. Stains, wear, moth damage and tears. Damaged bindings.View additional info »
Description: Full set of Babylonian Talmud, with all the commentaries, "As printed earlier in Slavita and in Vilna". Reduced format edition (each page of the regular editions is divided into two pages). Lemberg, 1860. Printed by the partners Rabbi Yissachar Beck and Rabbi Avraham Yitzchak Menkish. Includes Hilchot Rav Alfas, on 17 tractates, (some were bound together with the Talmud and some separately). Many signatures and ownership inscriptions of Rabbi "Zvi Hirsh [HaCohen] Brecher" from the city of Sloboda. 29 volumes, approximately 21-22 cm. Varying condition, wear, foxing. Original leather adorned bindings, most with new gluing on spine.View additional info »
Description: Babylonian Talmud. 11 volumes of the edition printed by the Union of Orthodox Jewish Rabbis in the US and Canada (OU). Montreal, 1919-[1920]. Photocopy edition of the Vilna Talmud. Tractates: Shabbat, Eruvin, Gittin, Kiddushin, Bava Metzia, Bava Batra, Sanhedrin, Makot, Shevuot, Chulin, Bechorot, Erchin, Temura, Kritut, Me'ila, Kinim, Tamid, Midot, Nidah, Taharot (two double volumes). Some of the volumes include printed dedications to donors and contributors to the publishing of this edition. • Attached is a volume of Tractate Gittin. Published by Va'ad HaHatzala. New York. 1951. 12 volumes. 38 cm. Varied condition. Good-fair.View additional info »
Description: Talmud Yerushalmi, Seder Nashim, with the Pnei Moshe commentary, by Rabbi Moshe Margaliot. Amsterdam, 1755. First edition of Pnei Moshe on Seder Nashim. The title page has two signatures of Rabbi "Shazvani Yerushalmi" - Rabbi Shneur Zalman ben Rabbi Nachum Yosef Schneerson (died 1882), great Chabad leader in Hebron and Jerusalem. His mother was the daughter of Rabbi Moshe Schneerson son of the Ba'al HaTanya, author of Nimukei Shazvani (Jerusalem, 1876-1879). [2], 40 leaves; 27 leaves; 39 leaves; 19 leaves; 29 leaves; 25 leaves; 23 leaves; 2 leaves. 36 cm. Fair condition, wear, stains and moth holes. Old worn detached binding.View additional info »
Description: Duo tituli Thalmvdici Sanhedrin et Maccoth, cum excerptis ex utriusque Gemara, versa, & annotationibus, depromtis maximam partem, ex Ebraeorum commentariis. Amsterdam, 1629. Hebrew text and Latin translation, column opposite column. Notes in Latin, Greek and Hebrew. The Latin translation and the Latin and Greek explanations are by Johann Coch. At the beginning of the book are poems in his honor, and some poems which he wrote, in Hebrew, Greek and Latin. [32], 436, [4], 18.5 cm. Several handwritten glosses (Latin). Stamps. Stains. Non-original binding.View additional info »
Description: Bava Kama from the Tractate Nezikin, De legibus Ebraeorum forensibus liber singularis. Printed by Lugduni Batavorum, Leiden, 1637. Hebrew text and Latin translation, column opposite column. The explanations are in Latin with a little Hebrew. [24] leaves, 306, [21] pages, 29 cm. Overall good condition. Few stains. Library stamps. The body of the book, its spine and binding have split into two separate parts (pp. 128-129). Original leather binding, slightly worn.View additional info »
Description: Full set of the Tur, with Bayit Chadash. Choshen Mishpat also includes Beit Yisrael (Prisha V'Drisha). Frankfurt am Main, 1712-1715. First edition of Prisha V'Drisha on Choshen Mishpat. Approbation by Rabbi Shmuel Shatin - the Maharshashach. On all title pages appear signatures of Rabbi "Yuzpa Cohen" and signatures of "Shlomo M'Dubno". Rabbi Shlomo of Dubno (1739-1813), disciple of Rabbi Shlomo of Chelm, author of Mirkavat HaMishna, published many books, both his own and books written by others. Famous for knowledge of the wisdom of scriptures, mesorah and Hebrew grammar. During the time he stayed in Vilna, the Vilna Gaon asked him to investigate the masoret of Nevi'im and Ketuvim (petuchot, setumot chaserot and yeterot) - see testimony of Rabbi Pesach Pinfer of Vilna (in his article in Beit Va'ad LaChachamim, 1902 and in his book Masoret HaTorah V'Hanevi'im, Vilna 1906). He was one of the editors of the "commentary" by Moshe Mendelssohn on Bereshit, but when he realized Mendelssohn's reform intentions, he left him and published Chumashim on his own. He received approbations for publishing these Chumashim from the leading Torah scholars of his times (Rabbi Shmuel Rabbi of Vilna; Rabbi Chaim of Volozhin, Rabbi Zelmele of Volozhin, disciples of the Vilna Gaon; Torah leaders of Vilna, Shklov and Slotzk, the Kloiz in Brod; rabbis of Lvov, Berlin, Frankfurt etc. (The notebook of signatures was publicized by Rabbi Kamenetsky in Yeshurun 8-10, ibid). Possibly, the signature "Yuzpa Cohen" belongs to Rabbi Yuzpa Cohen, disciple of Chacham Zvi and Rabbi David Oppenheim, whose responsa was printed in Nishal David responsa, Yoreh De'ah Siman 2. [Other Torah scholars in those generations were called Yuzpa Cohen as well, and we have no definite identification]. 5 volumes, 32-33 cm. Good to fair condition, stains, wear and moth damage. On one title page, the signatures are hidden under paper pasting. Ancient parchment bindings, varying conditions. Orach Chaim is lacking back cover.View additional info »
Description: Shulchan Aruch, Part 4 - Choshen Mishpat, with Be'er HaGola by Rabbi Moshe Ravkash. Amsterdam, 1664. First edition of the famous work by Rabbi Moshe Ravkash, "Be'er HaGola" which reveals the source of the laws and rulings in the Shulchan Aruch. Rabbi Moshe Ravkash (1600-1684) a renowned Lithuanian Torah scholar, grandfather of the Vilna Gaon. Served as Rabbi of Vilna. In 1655, after Bohdan Khmelnytsky and his Cossacks ravaged Vilna, he escaped the city and reached Amsterdam and Rotterdam. There he was recognized by the Dutch printers Efraim Bo'ino and Ya'akov Castilo and they asked him to proofread the edition of the Shulchan Aruch they were about to publish. Rabbi Moshe's composition Be'er HaGola was attached to this edition printed between 1661-1664 and since then has become one of the most important commentaries on the Shulchan Aruch and is printed in every edition of the Shulchan Aruch until today. 486 leaves. 15 cm. Stains. Moth damage. Loose leaves. Leather binding, damages. Gilt impression of decorations and owner's name: "Refael Nissim Toronto", with the year"5630" [1870]. Later signature in pen.View additional info »
Description: Darkei No'am responsa, Rabbi Mordechai HaLevi Av Beit Din in Egypt. With a pamphlet written by his son Rabbi Avraham HaLevi. Venice, 1697. First edition. Bragadin printing. On verso of title page is an illustration of Tzurat HaBayit. On the leaf before title page is a signed ownership inscription, handwritten at time of printing: "I bought this from Rabbi Ya'akov of Lublin, Avraham Tiktin". 282, 41 leaves. 29 cm. Good condition, stains and minor damage, detached title page, parchment binding torn and damaged.View additional info »About This GigapanToggle
- Taken by
- Alex Smith
- Explore score
- 1
- Size
- 3.34 Gigapixels
- Views
- 1026
- Date added
- Nov 10, 2010
- Date taken
- Nov 10, 2010
- Categories
-
- Galleries
- Dairy Bush GigaPans
- Competitions
-
- forest, canada, ontario, guelph, biodiversity22, fofs
- Description
Dairy Bush GigaPan - 63 - Nov 11 2010
Year 2 - Week 11 - 360 ̊
Clear, cool, but warmed up while taking the shot today (-2 to 3 ̊ C). Flying tomorrow to Pittsburgh for the Fine International Conference on Gigapixel Imaging for Science - talking about the Dairy Bush series and looking forward to hearing some of the other talks including: Mark Bauman, Executive Vice President TV & Film at National Geographic, Alan Eustace, Senior Vice President, Engineering & Research, Google, and David J. Korsmeyer, Chief, Intelligent Systems Division, NASA Ames Research Center.
The Fine International Conference on Gigapixel Imaging for Science: "The CREATE Lab and Carnegie Mellon University, with The Fine Foundation, are pleased to announce the first Fine International Conference on Gigapixel Imaging for Science. Aiming to explore innovative use of GigaPan in the classroom, the field and the laboratory, the conference will feature all aspects of gigapixel technology in the science field."
November 11–13, 2010
Carnegie Mellon University
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA
/342 megapixels (110960 x 30120 pixels)
Input images: 768 (48 columns by 16 rows)
Field of view: 360.0 degrees wide by 97.7 degrees high (top=56.5, bottom=-41.2)
Settings:
All default settings
Original image properties:
Camera make: Canon
Camera model: Canon PowerShot G10
Image size: 4416x3312 (14.6 megapixels)
Capture time: 2010-11-10 09:32:42 - 2010-11-10 10:34:37
Aperture: f/7.1
Exposure time: 0.04 - 0.0666667
ISO: 80
Focal length (35mm equiv.): 142.3 mm
Digital zoom: off
White balance: Automatic
Exposure mode: Manual
Horizontal overlap: 45.5 to 79.6 percent
Vertical overlap: 44.7 to 47.1 percent
Computer stats: 958.48 MB RAM, 2 CPUs
Total time 8:06:09 (38 seconds per picture)
Alignment: 5:06:04, Projection: 21:47, Blending: 2:38:19
(Preview finished in 6:00:41)
Gigapan Comments (0)Toggle Minimize gigapan_commentNo eBook available
Rent and save from the world's largest eBookstore. Read, highlight, and take notes, across web, tablet, and phone.
Go to Google Play Now »
"This is a congenial, lucidly written work, the product of careful thought and attention to performance." —Shakespeare Bulletin
"... Jensen has done a service by reminding readers of the variety and richness of the comedy and comic devices in Shakespeare’s plays." —Choice
"The ear that Jensen brings to the plays themselves results in close readings that are always insightful and stimulate new questions." —English Language Notes
"Here is a genuinely readable and enjoyable book... humane, balanced, unpolemical, good humored, and fundamentally sane." —Charles R. Forker
"... Jensen has produced a sensitive and eminently readable book that will no doubt figure prominently in future attempts to understand Shakespeare’s comic practice." —Shakespeare Yearbook
Jensen questions a persistent critical emphasis that finds the meanings of Shakespeare’s comedies in their endings. Analyzing The Merchant of Venice, Much Ado about Nothing, As You Like It, Twelfth Night, and Measure for Measure, he shows how much vitality is sacrificed when critics assume that "the end crowns the work."
15 pages matching festive in this book
Where's the rest of this book?
Results 1-3 of 15Gene Kelly Movies and Career Information
Aug 23, 1912
Pittsburgh
Actor, Director, Producer and Writer
Eugene Curran "Gene" Kelly (August 23, 1912 – February 2, 1996)
- Gene Kelly Movies before 2014
- Les Girls 1999
- Deep in My Heart 1999
- Xanadu (1980) 1980
- That's Entertainment! 1974
- What A Way to Go! 1964
- Let's Make Love (1960) 1960
- Invitation to the Dance (1956) 1956
- It's Always Fair Weather (1955) 1955
- Brigadoon (1954) 1954
- Devil Makes Three 1952
- Singin' in the Rain (1952) 1952
- An American in Paris 1951
- Pirate (1948) 1948
- Living in a Big Way (1947) 1947
- Anchors Aweigh 1945
- Cover Girl (1944) 1944
- On the Town 1930
- For Me and My Gal (1942)
- Inherit the Wind
- That's Entertainment: Part Two
- Summer Stock
- Three Musketeers (1948)
- Words and Music (1948)
- Christmas Holiday (1944)
- Ziegfeld Follies
- Take Me Out to the Ballgame (1949)
- Black Hand
- Singin' in the Rain (1952) & An American in Paris (1951)
- Movies Directed by Gene Kelly
- Hello, Dolly! (1969) 1968
- Invitation to the Dance (1956) 1956
- It's Always Fair Weather (1955) 1955
- Singin' in the Rain (1952) 1952
- On the Town 1930
- Cheyenne Social Club
- That's Entertainment: Part Two
- Movies Produced by Gene Kelly
- Cheyenne Social Club
- That's Dancing
- Movies Written by Gene Kelly
- Invitation to the Dance (1956) 1956With the Motorola DROID receiving its update to Android 2.0.1 a couple of weeks ago, and with an Android 2.1 update coming soon, you might be wondering about its European cousin, the Motorola MILESTONE. According the to Motorola Europe Facebook page, the MILESTONE will receive its update to 2.0.1 very soon, and then will get the 2.1 treatment in the next two months. Furthermore, the Motorola DEXT will also get 2.1, though no time-line has been given just yet. Currently, the Google Nexus One is the only device shipping with the Android 2.1 OS.
Motorola MILESTONE Review | Specifications
Motorola DROID Review | Specifications
Motorola DEXT Specifications
Hands-on with the Google Nexus One
source: Facebook via Engadget
Motorola MILESTONE to get Android 2.1 within the next two months?
This article contains unofficial information.
50°F
Go
Google
TOC
Related Content
Content found for
Stephanie Snider
Articles
Vincennes arrests (1/11)
Vincennes Police arrested a Vincennes woman last night on warrants from both Knox and Lawrence counties. Police arrested 22 y...
Vincennes Woman Arrested on Indiana/Illinois Warrants
Vincennes Police arrested a Vincennes woman late Friday night on outstanding Indiana and Illinois warrants.22-year-old Stepha...
Kathleen A Lane / July 7 2013
Kathleen A. Lane, 66, of 657 E Cloverdale, Vincennes, passed away at 11:00 a.m. Sunday July 7that her residence.She was born ...
Vincennes Woman Arrested for Possession of Stolen Property
Vincennes Police arrested a Vincennes woman Wednesday for Possession of Stolen Property.On Tuesday, police received a report ...
Warrant Search Leads to Meth Arrests in Vincennes
The search for a wanted Vincennes man led to his arrest and the arrest of his girlfriend Thursday afternoon.Indiana State Pol...
VPD arrest woman for theft
Vincennes City Police arrested a Vincennes woman yesterday following a shoplifting complaint at the Vincennes Wal-Mart.Just b...Why : Oaxaca is a strange mixture of the modern and ancient with lots of local colour and interesting historical ruins. It's a quirky town with some strange festivals, such as the Night of the Radishes, which is a radish-sculpting contest held every December 23. It's also the capital of mezcal, and I used to go to Café Hipotesis, a drinking den dedicated to mezcal and tequila, which is also lined with philosophy books. They have a drink called tequila pensamiento which translates as "thoughtful tequila", which I found amusing, as tequila doesn't exactly encourage thoughtfulness.
What's the best thing : It's an intensely colourful place, as the influence of the original inhabitants is still very much alive compared with other parts of Mexico. Craft traditions in the area are thriving and the two indigenous groups, the Zapotec and the Mixtec, sell works made from papier mché, beaten metal and wood in the local markets.
My perfect day: Eating local handmade mango ice cream in the zocalo - the central plaza - and going to Café Hipotesis to sample all the different types of mezcal. I would also fit in a visit to the Graphic Arts Institute, which has an incredible collection of folk art.
Advice: Visit the astoundingly beautiful beaches on the western side of the state, particularly those at Puerto Angel and Huatulco. It is a five-hour journey on winding, twisting roads, but it's worth it.
How do I get there?
Journey Latin America (020-8747 8315,) offers a nine-night night trip to Oaxaca starting from £819pp (based on double occupancy), including all flights, airport transfers, two nights' hotel in Mexico City and seven nights' hotel in Oaxaca. For a flight-only offer of £308 with KLM through JLA, see Tickets to ride.
Nights in a Foreign Country, by Jean McNeil, is published by Weidenfeld and Nicolson at £9.99.Patagonia El Cap Jacket
Specs
Manufacturer's Description
Visit Patagonia's Women's El Cap Jacket page.
Retailers' Descriptions
Here's what other sites are saying:
This classic life-on-the water piece has returned to us in a warm, moisture-wicking 100% polyester (78% recycled) expedition-weight fleece. Two handwarmer pockets for warming up after bouts with cold rock and water. Recyclable through the Common Threads Recycling Program.
- Teton Village Sports refers to the men's version
On Sale. Free Shipping. Patagonia Men's El Cap Jacket (Spring 2008) The El Cap Jacket by Patagonia is a full-zip warm-up jacket made from versatile, lightweight fleece. Features: Contemporary styling Double-faced moisture wicking fleece Full front zip Stand-up collar with chin flap Two zippered front pockets Regular fit Fabric: 5.7-oz. 100% polyester; (51% recycled) double-faced brushed fleece with moisture wicking performance. 100% recyclable through the Common Threads Recycling Program We are not able to ship Patagonia products outside the US because of that other thing.
- Moosejaw refers to the men's version.
- Massey's Outfitters refers to the men's version
Description of Patagonia El Cap JacketOne of Patagonia's most versatile pieces. Classic expedition-weight fleece with recycled content in a full-zip warm-up jacket. This classic life-on-the water piece has returned to us in a warm, moisture-wicking 100% p
- US Outdoor Store refers to the men's version
Patagonia El Cap Jacket
The El Cap Jacket has been discontinued.MSRP:
$99.00 (women's)
The Patagonia El Cap Jacket is not available from the stores we monitor. It was last seen May 12, 2015 at Patagonia.com.
If you're looking for a new fleece jacket, check out the best reviewed current models.On Thu, Mar 6, 2008 at 12:30 PM, CSB <kjcsb at xnet.co.nz> wrote: > > > > > All the documentation I read when learning to set up tftp stated that > > it's an insecure protocol ill-suited to sharing stuff over public > > networks. It's best left for its intended purpose, sharing firmware, > > boot code and such over networks under one's own control. > > > > One of the risks is that, with a default installation[1], anyone who > > can > > read your data can change your data. > > > > If you control both ends of the VPN then that would seem to meet that > > guideline. > > > > If you want to persist with sharing over the public internet, then look > > at your firewall rules to see whether > > 1, There's a problem restricting your transfer > > 2. You have adequate controls over who can share your data. > > > Thanks for the reply. > > This is for VOIP phone configuration. Some devices require tftp initially > before then being able to use http. We need the configuration available > publicly and it's not practical to have these devices connecting over VPN > to > get their configuration. > > Regarding the firewall we tested with flushed firewall rules and still got > the same problem. > > Which VOIP phones are you using? This isn't a softphone is it?? Max -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL:News & Analysis Windows 8 update foretells demise of desktop PC Michael Endler3/26/2013 05:45 PM EDT 7 comments NO RATINGSLogin to Rate Tweet An ostensibly legitimate build of Windows Blue, the much-rumored update to Windows 8, surfaced online over the weekend and is currently being circulated on file-sharing sites. The leak caps a spree of Windows Blue rumors over the last few weeks, including videos in which Microsoft officials casually reference the update and numerous indications that an official release will arrive soon.. Click to read the rest of this story on InformationWeek.We offer you the opportunity to interact with people across various cultures, industries and professions. Get a chance to work in any of our 57 hotels in 40 locations across India, and also in our international properties in Maldives, Mauritius, Malaysia, Seychelles, Australia, UK, USA, Bhutan, Sri Lanka, Africa, and the Middle East.
Please visit our list of current openings to know more about our specific job openings. If you find a job that matches your skills and interests, click on the position title and fill out the online application form. You can even deposit your resume there for a future job match under our generic openings. If your profile matches the position selected, our recruitment team will get in touch with you and will take you through our normal selection and recruitment process.Trade-in your existing aerosol mass measurement instruments (NO MATTER WHAT THE BRAND) and get a
CREDIT
towards the purchase of a new instrument.
Real-time dust monitoring takes a giant leap forward!! Only the DustTrak™ DRX Aerosol Monitor 8533 can simultaneously measure both mass and size fraction - no other monitor can do both. The DustTrak DRX desktop monitor is a battery operated, data-logging, light-scattering laser photometers DRX monitor measures aerosol contaminants such as dust, smoke, fumes and mists.EA-96-242 - Overhoff Technology Corporation
April 16, 1998
EA 96-242
Mario W. Overhoff, Ph.D., President
Overhoff Technology Corporation
P.O. Box 182
Milford, OH 45150
Dear Dr. Overhoff:
This refers to the inspection conducted on May 16, 1996 through July 3, 1996, and the investigation initiated on May 21, 1996, by the NRC Office of Investigations (OI) and completed on February 17, 1998, at Overhoff Technology Corporation (OTC) in Milford, Ohio. The subject inspection report was sent to you by letter dated July 9, 1996. A transcribed predecisional enforcement conference was held in the NRC Region III office with you on July 30, 1996, to discuss the apparent violations, their causes, and proposed corrective actions. As a result of the issues raised during the conference an OI investigation was conducted. A copy of the synopsis of the OI investigation report is enclosed with this action.
Based on the information developed during the inspection, the OI investigation, and the information that was provided during the conference, violations cited in Section I of the Notice, the failure to ensure that the quantity of tritium contained in gas calibrator devices did not exceed the 10 CFR 30.71 limits, and the failure to ensure that no more than 10 exempt quantities were transferred in any single transaction, are willful. Based upon statements made during the transcribed predecisional enforcement conference and during the OI investigation, the reason given for these violations is that there was confusion of the requirements between OTC's "G" license and the "E" license. However, these very same issues regarding exempt quantities and shipping practices were discussed at length between you and the NRC reviewer during the licensing process for the "E" license. It is the NRC's view that OTC staff was aware of the "E" license requirements, and demonstrated careless disregard by failing to meet those "E" license requirements. Willful violations are of concern because the NRC's regulatory programs are based on licensees and their employees acting with integrity. This is particularly true in this case because you have the authority to ship radioactive materials to persons who are exempt from the regulations. A consideration in permitting the distribution of radioactive material to persons exempt from an NRC license is the limitation imposed on the quantity that may be distributed in order to minimize the potential for harm.
It is essential that the NRC be able to maintain the highest trust in individuals working with licensed material and that licensees appropriately manage their programs to ensure that all individuals fully understand the importance of complying with regulatory requirements. Because of the willful nature of the violations and your involvement, as an OTC official, the violations in Section I of the Notice deemed as willful, the NRC considered whether credit was warranted for Identification and Corrective Action in accordance with the civil penalty assessment process in Section VI.B.2 of the Enforcement Policy. Credit for identification was not warranted because the violations were identified by the NRC during a routine inspection. A Confirmatory Action Letter (CAL) dated August 19, 1996, discussed the actions OTC agreed to take in response to the violations. The actions included, but were not limited to: (1) a review of the NRC license including all referenced documents and pertinent NRC rules by all staff; (2) development of written procedures to ensure that all calibrator bottles contained the appropriate quantity of tritium; and (3) training of all staff regarding written procedures for filling gas cylinders and shipping material to customers. Subsequent to the CAL, a re-inspection of OTC's license activities confirmed that the corrective actions had been implemented; therefore, credit for Corrective Action is warranted.
Therefore, to emphasize that willful violations of NRC requirements will not be tolerated and to ensure prompt identification of violations, I have been authorized, after consultation with the Director, Office of Enforcement, to issue the enclosed Notice of Violation and Proposed Imposition of Civil Penalty in the amount of $2,500 for the Severity Level III problem in Section I of the Notice.
The violation in Section II of the Notice involves the failure to label tritium gas calibrators in accordance with the license documents is categorized as a Severity Level IV violation addition, issuance of this Notice constitutes escalated enforcement action that may subject you to increased inspection effort.
In accordance with 10 CFR 2.790 of the NRC's "Rules of Practice," a copy of this letter, its enclosures, and your response will be placed in the NRC Public Document Room.
Docket No. 030-33731
License No. 34-18214-03E
Enclosures:
1. Notice of Violation and Proposed
Imposition of Civil Penalty
2. OI synopsis
NOTICE OF VIOLATION
AND
PROPOSED IMPOSITION OF CIVIL PENALTY
During the NRC inspection conducted from May 16 through July 3, 1996, and the OI investigation conducted between May 21,1996 and February 17, 1998,:
I. Violations Assessed a Civil Penalty
A. License No. 34-18214-03E authorizes the licensee to distribute.
Section 6.2 of the license application dated October 3, 1994, states, in part, that in gas form, quantities of each byproduct material will not exceed 10 CFR 30.71, Schedule B. The Schedule B limit for tritium (hydrogen-3) is one millicurie.
Contrary to the above, in March 1996, devices were distributed that contained quantities of byproduct material in excess of the limits listed in 10 CFR 30.71, Schedule B. Specifically, two calibrators were distributed to Kirtland Air Force base and Argonne National Laboratories, each containing approximately 9.0 millicuries {333 MBq} of tritium gas. (01013)
B. 10 CFR 32.19(a) requires that no more than 10 exempt quantities set forth in Schedule B of 10 CFR 30.71 shall be sold or transferred in any single transaction.
Contrary to the above, between March 18 and 22, 1996, seven transactions were made involving 687 krypton-85 calibration sources. These transactions were made in six transfers in lots of 100 exempt quantities at a time and one transfer of 87 exempt quantities. (01023)
These violations represent a Severity Level III problem (Supplement VI).
Civil Penalty - $2,500
II. Violation Not Assessed a Civil Penalty
License No. 34-18214-03E authorizes the distribution of.
Item 2 of the letter dated September 30, 1995, references drawing N090695-1 with related drawings N032895-4 and N032895-6, which describe the dimensions of the lecture bottle radioactive calibration standard as well as type, quantities, and locations of the labeling to be applied on the tritium calibrators.
Contrary to the above, tritium calibrators distributed in March 1996, specifically, Serial Nos. 1939 and 1919, were not labeled in accordance with the representation in drawings N090695-1 and N032895-6. (02014)
This is a Severity Level IV violation (Supplement VI).
Pursuant to the provisions of 10 CFR 2.201, Overhoff Technology penalty 16th day of April 1998SE Bikes
SE Bikes, one of the most respected (some say "legendary") bicycle manufacturers, has brought out its new line of bikes, bike frames, parts and accessories. The new line is the "raddest, baddest, lightest SE bikes to date," they claim. The company has been around since the start of the BMX racing scene, so they probably know what they're talking about.
The elite racing series are at the top of the SE Bike line, the ones that put the company on the map and helped establish its legacy in the industry. The entire series is built around the lightweight but tough 6066 Alloy frame, making these bikes lighter than most bikes in their class. The bikes are meticulously engineered and mercilessly tested, so you know you are getting high quality equipment. The parts and accessories are also the finest in the industry, so you can be sure the bikes are race-ready as soon as you get on the seat.
PK Ripper Team XLP
The PK Ripper Team XLP features tapered fork legs, Truvativ cranks and the Tioga D-Spyder pivotal seat. The 6066 Alloy frame is incredibly light but strong. The bike tips the scales at an unbelievable 20.75 pounds.
PK Ripper Team
The old reliable PK Ripper Team is still feather-light at 21.5 pounds, and it's still ready to race when you are. This solid performer has had a number of features changed and added to keep it on top of SE Bikes' elite racing line.
Ripper X
This is a deceptively stylish bike that looks good and is really fast. Built around the same 6066 Alloy frame as the rest of the Ripper series, this is the bike that can win you races. The entire bike weighs only 16.4 pounds.
Ripper Jr.
This is the BMX for kids. Now Junior can fantasize about upgrading to a PK Ripper Team while he wins races on his Ripper Jr.
Mini Ripper
Another wicked bike to get started on, the Mini Ripper delivers performance in a tiny, 15-pound bundle.
24" Floval Flyer
Even with its impressive 24-inch tires, the 22.3-pound Floval Flyer sill weighs less than most 20-inch bikes. This bike can definitely take you higher on that next jump.
SE Bikes was started by Scot Breithaupt in the 70s, when his advertising company Scot Enterprises sponsored BMX races and bicycle safety seminars. In 1977 Breithaupt collaborated with one of the hottest BMX riders at that time, Perry Kramer (the "PK" in "PK Ripper"), to build the PK Ripper line of BMX bikes. During the first few years after the PK Ripper was introduced, the company couldn't make them fast enough and was back-ordered by around 2,000 bikes. To this day the PK Ripper is one of the most popular bikes being produced. Breithaupt also created the Floval Flyer's Floval tube frame. Floval stands for "flat oval," the underlying technology that makes the Floval Flyer the high jumper that it is.
Besides the elite racers, SE Bikes builds mid-level bikes -- the Ripper, 24-inch SoCal Flyer, and the 16-inch Li'l Ripper. The entry-level bikes include the various Bronco models and the popular Soda Pop series. Heavy Hitter, Hoodrich and Everyday make up the line of dirt bikes. The best freestyle bikes include Wildman and Quadrangle.A few weeks back, when Australian up-and-comer Iggy Azalea became the first woman to land on a spot on XXL's Freshman Class cover, fellow emerging flower rapper Azealia Banks hopped on Twitter to voice her disapproval. ("How can you endorse a white woman who called herself a 'runaway slave master?'" went one complaint. Azalea has since apologized for that lyric.) Iggy got asked about the beef during a joint Grand Hustle interview with T.I., and she was fairly diplomatic: "You have to work to have your own achievement, with all due respect." But T.I. noticed there was a microphone in front of his face and decided to weigh in, claiming he'd never heard "212" and then adding, "Strategically, if she really cares about a freshman cover maybe she could hope that she'll suck enough to get shelved and then next year when the freshman cover comes back around, maybe she'll still be a freshman." Then Azealia called him corny on Twitter. This is probably not over yet!I've got some legacy Perl CGI scripts that I would like to use with Jigsaw on windows but am having some problems. When I try to return an image, say MIME type "image/jpeg", STDOUT is getting closed when the first ^Z is sent across the stream. I've tried setting binmode(STDOUT) but that doesn't seem to be affecting it. I'm still not convinced this is a Jigsaw problem but I'd to rule that out. Is there something I can do to Jigsaw so that I know that it will read in the entire stream using the Content-Length header instead of doing partial read? I'm assuming this is windows control Z weirdness and that there is some setting somewhere that will fix this. Here's a sample Perl script which tries to send a text stream with a control Z embedded in it. The output from Jigsaw is: CGI Test ==== binmode( STDOUT ); print <<EOM; Content-Length: 117 Content-type: text/html <html> <head><title>CGI Test</title></head> <body> <h1>CGI Test</h1> <pre> EOM printf STDOUT "====%c====\n",0032; print <<EOM; </pre> </body> </html> EOM close STDOUT;Received on Wednesday, 15 October 1997 14:22:45 UTC
This archive was generated by hypermail 2.3.1 : Tuesday, 6 January 2015 21:25:31 UTC… Fetch Document
*Liferay Portal 1.1 JSP Tag Libraries Or, send email to dcancro@bridgespan.com Most editors put it before the current line. written in C++ (from newsgroup) +autocomplete/symbol viewer WYSIWYG report designer … Access Content
Liferay Portal 4 – Content Management System Guide
• Editors edit and approve final output and release it for publication to the portal Liferay Portal can then be able to post internal documentation (e.g., WYSIWYG 1.1. Inserting Images 1. Click Insert/Edit Image ( ). 2. … View Full Source
Editors developed with Xtext ultraedit Activestate Komodo JAX, Liferay altavista heise.de Stackoverflow.org IRC Eclipse Bugzilla EclipseMagazin How about a Wysiwyg Javadoc Editor? Please keep the outstanding work up! Hello, … Retrieve Document
Download A Copy Of The Raw Survey Results
WYSIWYG Intergrated drupal is like hot sauce, sels itself. Easy to use CMS for Designers/Content-Editors if D8 will get awesome. don think anyone but i would like if drupal compit liferay A strong community with great support … View Doc
… Retrieve Full Source
But distant editors often cut the space that is given to local stories. Hotmail, blog on the we are evaluating Liferay for wiki, blog, forums and both bog-standard non-teccy HTML sites built using the free WYSIWYG web editing tool that comes with the Sea Monkey internet … Get Document
Best Practices In Web Experience Management
Liferay, Apache Solr, and MongoDB, Rivet Logic crafts content-rich prehensive set of user-friendly yet powerful features for marketers and other content editors that include dashboards, WYSIWYG authoring, real-time in-context preview, workflow, integrated Web analytics and … View Document
DotCMS – Wikipedia, The Free Encyclopedia
Accessibility Checker in the WYSIWYG; Scheduled Workflow Tasks; New Image Renditions and Clipboard allows content editors to use edited versions (renditions) Liferay Portal; Dojo Javascript Framework; Apache Tomcat Application Server; … Read Article
Liferay Portal Datasheet – Unicon
Liferay Portal 60+ out-of-the-box portlets can be categorized into three main categories: • Rich (WYSIWG) text editors • Separation of content from layout • Reusable content • CSS (WYSIWYG) • Versioning & reversion • Creole syntax support … Content Retrieval
DATABASES APPLICATIONSERVERS Technical Factbook
Familiar rich-text editors and CSS compliance. Rich text editor (WYSIWYG) Versioning & reversion Creole syntax support File attachments Liferay Portal is the world’s leading open source enterprise portal solution using the latest in Java … Visit Document
Technische Spezifikationen Liferay
Lucene JSON Liferay Portal uses industry standard, JSR-170 compliant Java Content Repository Rich (WYSIWG) text editors Bootstrap knowledge base via Docbook file import User group page templates (WYSIWYG) Rich text editor (WYSIWYG) AJAX-based IM client Rich text editor … Access This Document
Liferay Portal 6 Enterprise Intranets
Liferay would be the best choice in terms of answering the above questions. Chapter 6: Blogs, WYSIWYG Editors, and RSS introduces how to add entries of Blogs; how to manage (for example, view, update, and delete) entries of Blogs; and how to add … Access Document
University Of East Anglia Liferay Training
– Familiarise web content editors with Liferay as a content management system – Provide guidance on how to create, edit, format and publish web content in Liferay WYSIWYG Editing toolbar with easy to use formatting options … Retrieve Doc
Liferay Portal Datasheet
Liferay Portal Delivering Solutions that Work Rich (WYSIWG) text editors Separation of content from layout Reusable content CSS Logical content templates using Velocity, (WYSIWYG) Versioning & reversion Creole syntax support File attachments Threaded comments … Fetch Doc
Liferay Portal Enterprise Intranets
Liferay Portal is one of the most mature portal frameworks in or plain text modes; WYSIWYG editing; page history and versioning; and permissions. Moreover (What You See Is What You Get editors) edit web content, including Blogs' content. For More Information: www. packtpub.com … Fetch ContentHostels in Mancora, Peru
Read customer reviews of our hostels in sunny Máncora and find the best place to stay to be near the surfing, swimming, sunbathing, kite-surfing, fresh seafood and more along the several kilometres of beach. Don’t miss a trip to the nearby Máncora Hot Springs. Check out our handy guide to Peru before you go!
- Sort By:
-
- Dorms From
- US$10.19
The Point Mancora Beach
- Right on the beach of playa El Amor, Mancora
- Welcome to our paradise right at the beach!... More Info
-$10.00
Kon Tiki Bungalows
- Av. los Incas Nr. 200, Mancora, Mancora
- BEST VIEW IN TOWN - PRIVATE BUNGALOWS WITH SEA VIEW - KITCHEN FACILITIES - WIFI - PANORAMIC TERRACE - With the Kon Tiki... More Info
- Dorms From
- US$9.51
- Privates From
- US$16.31
Loki del Mar
- Avienda Piura #262, Mancora
- The place for budget travellers to relax, meet people and have plenty of fun in the sun. Location Right in the... More Info
- Privates From
- US$13.59
Kimbas Bungalows Mancora
- Jr. Industrial 101, Mancora
- Welcome to Kimbas Bungalows Mancora... More Info
- Dorms From
- US$9.00
- Privates From
- US$11.00
Misfit Hostel
- Avenida Playa el Amor, Ld 25, Mancora
- A brand new hostel, located right on the beach. We're still making things happen around here and our goal is for... More Info
- Privates From
- US$12.50
Gran Hotel Mancora
- Micaela Bastidas 136, Mancora
- Grand Hotel Mancora, located 2 minutes from the sea, is a cozy hotel with comfortable rooms and convenient facilities... More Info
- Privates From
- US$13.59
Marcilia Beach Bungalows
- km 1212 Ant. Panam Norte, Mancora
- Welcome to Marcilia Beach Bungalows... More Info
- Dorms From
- US$8.49
- Privates From
- US$16.99
Kokopelli Beachpackers
- Avenida Piura 209, Mancora
- Kokopelli Beachpackers is located in Mancora, Peru... More Info
- Privates From
- US$13.59
Punta Pacifico Bungalows
- Acceso Veraniego cuadra 4 s/n- Máncora, Avenida Grau 184- Máncora, Mancora
- Our bungalows are all private, with a gazebo and hammocks, umbrellas and a nice tropical garden with palm trees and... More Info
- No Reviews
-
- Privates From
- US$40.33
Eco-Lodge ''La Caprichosa''
- Angolo B, Quebrada Fernandez, Mancora
- Welcome to Eco Lodge La Caprichosa!... More Info
- No Reviews
-
- Privates From
- US$25.00
Naif Rustic & Ecologic Lodge
- Pasaje Jose Olaya s/n, Zona Veraniega, Mancora
- Welcome to Naif Rustic & Ecologic lodge... More Info
- Privates From
- US$22.09
- Dorms From
- US$15.29
- Privates From
- US$15.29
La Casa de Jessy
- Acceso Centro veraniego cdra 4 s/n, Máncora, Mancora
- Featuring a small regional restaurant and a garden, La Casa de Jessy offers free Wi-Fi and Continental breakfast in... More Info
- Privates From
- US$13.59
Hospedaje la Quebrada
- Barrio Industrial mz A lote 5 Mancora, km 1196 panamericana norte, Mancora
- The Quebrada de Mancora is a peaceful place... More Info
16 Results: Sat 23rd May 2015 - Tue 26th May 2015 » Change SearchTallahassee, Florida - Feb. 17, 2012 -
by Lanetra Bennett
U.S. Marshals burst into an apartment early this morning to nab a sleeping murder suspect.
Authorities say 21-year-old Nima Moradi was hiding out with friends here at Gateway at Seminole Suites on Jackson Bluff Road.
Moradi was wanted for stabbing a man in Orlando last week. and the marshals caught up with him early this morning while he was sleeping on the couch.
The U.S. Marshals say the roommates in Apartment 928 of Gateway at Seminole Suites Apartments in Tallahassee had no idea they were harboring a fugitive...
Their neighbor had no idea either...
"They arrested a murder suspect. Oh, really? Oh, geez."
But, the neighbor did see the marshals when they were there to arrest murder suspect Nima Moradi.
Derron Scott, neighbor, says, "I was wondering what had happened. I looked out the door and they told me to get back inside and clear the way. Kind of scary, well very scary. No idea what happened."
The U.S. Marshals say eight of them woke Moradi up off the couch at gunpoint early Friday morning, and arrested him.
"It just kind of worried me because i live right next door."
The Marshals say on February 9th in Orlando , Moradi had a fight with 25-year-old Richard Luyo.
Authorities say Moradi stabbed Luyo several times in front of Luyo's six-year-old son...
The marshals say Luyo tried to get away, but ended up crashing his car into a lamppost near the scene, and later died.
Luyo died Monday from the stabbing.
Authorities say Moradi fled to Tallahassee to hide out with friends.
Sallam Fadeyi, a neighbor, says, "It's kind of crazy. It kind of makes you wonder if you're safe because i didn't know anything about it; and they stay right under me, so it's kind of bizarre."
Moradi is charged with 2nd Degree Homicide. He was booked into the Leon County Jail where he will remain awaiting extradition to Orlando to face his murder charge.
------------------------------------------------------------
Tallahassee, Florida - Feb. 17, 2012 -
U.S. Marshals make an arrest off Jackson Bluff Road in Tallahassee. Nima Moradi was arrested in connection with a February 9th stabbing in Orlando.
Moradi was woken up by U.S. Marshals as he slept on a couch at a Tallahassee apartment complex. Marshals say Moradi was staying with friends at 2421 Jackson Bluff Road (Seminole Suites) and was asleep on the couch when marshals surrounded him with guns drawn.
Moradi was wanted for the February 9th stabbing of Richard Luyo. Marshals say Luyo was stabbed in front of his 6 year old son. Luyo fled in a car but crashed. He died 4 days later. Marshals say Moradi’s friends are college students in Tallahassee and had no idea he was wanted for murder.
Stay with WCTV for the latest
____________________________________
U.S. Marshals Fugitive Task Force Arrests Orlando Murder Suspect at Tallahassee Apartment Complex
The US Marshals Florida Regional Fugitive Task Force (FRFTF) today announced the arrest of 21 year old Nima Nash Moradi of Orlando, Florida at an apartment complex located at 2421 Jackson Bluff Rd in Tallahassee, FL. Moradi was currently being sought by the Orange County Sheriff’s Office, Orlando, FL on charges of 2nd Degree Homicide. According to Orange County Detectives, Moradi was involved in a physical altercation at his home on 02/09/2012 in Orlando, FL with 25 year old Richard Luyo. According to information provided by investigators Moradi stabbed Luyo multiple times in front of Luyo’s 6 year old child. Luyo then fled the scene with his child and crashed his car into a lamppost a short distance from the scene. On 02/13/2012 Orange County Detectives upgraded the Aggravated Assault with a Deadly Weapon charge to 2nd Degree Homicide after Luyo died from wounds received during the assault. FRFTF Task Force members received information late last night indicating that Moradi had fled the Orlando, FL area and travelled to Tallahassee, FL to hide out with friends. Early this morning FRFTF Task Force members working with Florida Department of Law Enforcement (FDLE) Special Agents located Moradi asleep on a couch in an apartment located at 2421 Jackson Bluff Rd. Moradi was roused from his sleep by a heavily armed eight man entry team and was arrested without incident. Moradi was booked into the Leon County Jail by task force officers where he will remain awaiting extradition back to Orlando, FL to face his murder charge. Nima Moradi.Hoarders Anonymous (HA)
New Listings
This discussion is public.
Original Post......
Posted at 7:25 pm Oct 9, 2011 EDT
Responses
a fun retro storage piece. an old movie film mailer~
Posted at 9:43 am Oct 11, 2011 EDT
another of my flower frogs from my collection featured in romantic homes magazine.
Posted at 10:56 am Oct 12, 2011 EDT
Posted at 4:04 pm Oct 17, 2011 EDT
i love "hands" of all kinds. here are some fun retro glove dryers.
Posted at 12:57 pm Oct 18, 2011 EDT
start your christmas crafting now.
Posted at 3:35 pm Oct 22, 2011 EDT
Just added some fun new chunky cocktail rings to my shop:
I’m also findable at:
FACEBOOK FAN PAGE:
PERSONAL FACEBOOK:
ETSY: moiracoon.etsy.com and (destash shop) moiracoonredux.etsy.com
BLOGSPOT: moiracoon.blogspot.com
TWITTER: twitter.com/MoiraCoon
LIVEJOURNAL: moirashiny.livejournal.com
Posted at 10:01 am Oct 23, 2011 EDT
Posted at 7:43 am Oct 24, 2011 EDTArchive.
The Twitter-Wikileaks Decision: How the Corporate Model of Internet Privacy Serves the National Security State
Social media users of the world take note: according to a U.S. District Court‘s decision in the Twitter-Wikileaks case (November 9, 2011), you have no right to expect privacy online. The immediate result of the decision is that Twitter must hand over a substantial body of personal data for three of its users to the U.S. Department of Justice in relation to the latter’s ongoing Wikileaks investigation: Icelandic MP and Collateral Murder video co-producer, Birgitta Jonsdottir, Wikileak’s volunteer Jacob Appelbaum and Dutch hacker Rop Gongrijp.
The information sought is as expansive as it is intimate: subscriber registration pages, connection records, length of service, Internet device identification number, and more (see pp. 7-8). It’s reach is global, as is the opposition mounting against the the so-called Twitter Order. Besides putting fuel in the belly of hactivist groups such as Anonymous and LulzSec, the U.S. government’s efforts to shake-down Wikileaks has been condemned by Iceland, 85 members of a European parliamentary group and the Inter-Parliamentary Union.
The latter was especially sharp, stating that it “failed to see” how the Twitter Order could be squared with Article 19 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. It also worried aloud about the emergence of a “national and international legal framework concerning the use of . . . social media . . . [that] does not appear to provide sufficient guarantees to ensure respect for freedom of expression, access to information and the right to privacy”.
The case began last December 2010 when the U.S. Department of Justice obtained a court order requiring Twitter to turn over a slew of user account information for a list of people that were of interest in the ongoing Wikileaks investigation. To its credit, Twitter refused to do so without notifying the people targeted first and mounted a serious legal challenge to the ‘gag’ order (see the story by Declan McCullagh of CNET here).
Hope was dashed and important communication rights rolled back last week when a District Court in Eastern Virginia declared that Jonsdottir, Appelbaum and Gongrijp forfeited their right to privacy when they clicked to accept Twitter’s terms of service policy. As the court argued, by clicking on Twitter’s terms of service policy, they “voluntarily relinquished any reasonable expectation of privacy” (p. 28).
For good measure, the decision also curbed Jonsdottir, Appelbaum and Gongrijp’s First Amendment rights claims as well, declaring that they have no right to know if the DOJ has also approached Facebook, Google or any other Internet companies with similar requests and, if so, just what kinds of information about their lives online had been turned over (see p. 52). The case is also about the network free press too because Twitter has become an integral part of journalistic routines, and Josdottir is undoubtedly worthy of as much free speech as can be mustered, given her status as a video producer, MP and advocate of turning Iceland into a ‘digital media, free speech haven’.
The decision’s outstanding feature is the way in which it makes privacy rights a creature of social media companies’ business models rather than a function of constitutional values, law or social norms. Making Internet corporations’ business models the standard of online privacy, however, is outlandish because Twitter, Facebook and Google’s terms of service policies are all about maximizing the collection, use and commodification of personal data, not privacy.
The Twitter-Wikileaks decision is remarkably candid in its view that the standard of privacy on the Internet that we should expect is whatever Internet companies’ terms of service policies say it is. Social media users, according to the court, would have to be woefully naive to expect that privacy is a priority value for advertising-driven online media, given that almost the entire business model of major Internet companies is about collecting and selling as much information about audiences as possible.
Such a view reduces privacy to the logic of corporate business models and market transactions. Worse, by turning privacy into the plaything of corporate business models, the court essentially turned commercial Internet companies such as Twitter, Facebook and Google into the handmaidens of the national security state.
Christopher Soghoian captures the essence of the problem in relation to Google, but his comments are applicable to Internet companies in general:.
Things don’t have to be this way. Instead, the Internet could be organized in ways that further communication rights and a democratic society by, amongst other things, minimizing the collection of personal information and retaining it for the shortest time possible, as the Electronic Frontier Foundation recommends and as some non-commercial websites such as IndyMedia centres do. The Virginia District Court, in sharp contrast, leverages the mass production and storage of personal data enabled by Google, Facebook, Twitter, and so forth as fully as possible and for the advantage of the state.
The idea that privacy rights turn on the terms of service policies offered by private companies rests upon a peculiarly squinty-eyed view of things. Even if we took the perspective of corporate behaviour as our guide, Twitter has sometimes distinguished itself in the Wikileaks and other cases by placing a higher premium on privacy values than Facebook and Google, for instance.
In contrast, to the latter, which have remained quiet in the case, and to Amazon, Apple, Paypal, Visa, Mastercard, everyDNS, and several webhosts in Europe that were only too eager to aid the U.S. government’s crackdown on Wikileaks by withholding critical resources — money, servers, domain names, webhosting, etc. — essential to Wikileaks’ survival (see here, here and here), Twitter refused to join the information blockade. Instead of buckling under intense government pressure, it refused to turn over account information for Josdottir, Applebaum and Gongrijp before notifying them first when a subpeona wielding US Department of Justice came knocking last December.
Twitter challenged the gag order in court as well, thus giving Jonsdottir, Applebaum and Gongrijp a heads-up about the events unfolding. It also directed them to the Electronic Frontier Foundation for legal advice, which, in turn, brought some of the best minds in the U.S. on privacy, social uses of the Internet, surveillance and security to mount their case (see here).
Twitter adopted a similar stance during the London riots this past August by refusing to comply with British government requests to shut-down its service and hand-over users’ information, while Facebook served eagerly on bended-knee. Thus, even by the narrow measures of corporate behaviour, it is not unreasonable to assume that Twitter’s behaviour could cultivate a higher sense of privacy amongst its users.
Of course, there’s no need to pretend that Twitter is the epitome of virtue in such matters, because it is not. To take just one instance, for example, while Google, WordPress and several other entities have all signed on to the broad statements of principles regarding privacy and online free speech rights set out in the Global Network Initiative, Twitter and Facebook have conspicuously refused to sign on to even these ‘market-friendly’ standards.
More important than all of this, however, is the fact that the relevant measuring rod of communication rights is not the market or corporate behaviour. Instead, we should look not to corporate business models and terms of service policies as a guide but to legal, political and international norms. Even more importantly, the focus should be on how social norms govern privacy and how we disclose personal information in complex, negotiated and contingent ways (see dayna boyd’s work on the point, for example).
People manage their identities and disclose personal information differently in the ‘online world’ versus the ‘real world’, but in both cases their expectations about privacy are contingent on time, place, contextual cues as well as the nature of the relationship involved. These issues as well as the fact that the vast majority of people do not even read online terms of service policies — and those that do more often than not do not fully understand what they mean — were all brought to the court’s attention, but quickly buried in a footnote and brushed aside (see here).
In the end, the Twitter-Wikileaks decision serves the U.S. government’s bid to drive Wikileaks out of business well. Even reluctant actors such as Twitter have been forced back into line. For the rest of us, the decision at least has the merit of making it clear that the hyper-commercialized ‘free lunch’ model of the Internet comes with a steep price: privacy rights and an entire industrial arrangement poised to serve as the handmaiden of the national security state.
Birgitta Jonsdottir has just published a new column, How the US Justice Department Legally Hacked My Twitter Account in The Guardian, here.
(Un)Lawful Access: Wiring Canada’s Networks for Control
The Conservative Government is off and running. A majority in hand, it is already driving through on its legislative agenda. An already in just the last week, we have seen several items of critical importance to the network media in Canada:
1.The Copyright Modernization Act (Bill C-11) was introduced Thursday last week, a copy of the bill that died when the election was called. The new bill was the third on list of items introduced by the government this session. Digital locks and new rules requiring ISPs to formally block certain websites under court order and to routinely take on ‘intermediary roles’ on behalf of copyright industry claimants are its irredeemable Achilles heal, despite the fact that there are some good measures on it.
I have had my say on this before, and you can see my views here. Michael Geist has a good sum of the implications of the new Copyright Modernization Act here. On ISP website blocking and intermediary roles, the Government’s explanation of the measures is clear enough and can be seen here.
2. Konrad von Finckenstein won’t be coming back to the CRTC after January 2012. The government wants to appoint someone more compliant. It will not have any problem in that regard, with a gaggle of the underserved far worse than KvF standing in line (i.e. the I-don’t-know-jack-about-media Harper appointee, T. Pentefountes; the wireless industry’s kingpin and ex-Conservative Premier of New Brunswick, Bernard Lord; Quebecor Media Inc’s (QMI) front man Luc Benoit; and former Minister of Foreign Affairs, Lawrence Cannon).
Just what we need, more political hacks overseeing the development of the network media in Canada at such a critical time. I called it crony capitalism a while back, and it looks like it’s about to get worse. An independent and network free press depends on autonomy from Government, not for supplicants from one government after another to be spread throughout the media system.
3. A third item has not yet appeared, to some people’s surprise, given that it was supposed to be a prominent piece of the Government’s omnibus crime bill: so-called “lawful access” legislation. While held back from the omnibus crime bill, you can rest assured that it will be coming back.
A cornerstone of this push last Parliament was the Investigative Powers for the 21st Century Act (Bill C-51), a bill which would make it mandatory for telecoms providers, ISPs and search engines to disclose subscriber information, including name, address, IP address, and email address, to law enforcement officials without court oversight. It would also require costly upgrades to these networks to enable new surveillance capabilities. The post I wrote on the topic can be seen here.
I have said for some time that ISPs and other network, search and social media providers should not be turned into gatekeepers acting on the behalf of either commerce or the state. Lawrence Lessig said the same thing ago in his classic, Code and other laws of cyberspace. This is a principle and one that should not be thrown under the bus. Creating an open network media system requires that the collection, retention and disclosure of subscribers’ personal information be minimized, not maximized.
Coupled together with the new requirements for ISPs to block websites and take on intermediary roles in the Copyright Modernization Act, the requirements included in the Government’s surveillance and lawful access legislative proposals to date cut intensive gatekeeper functions. Don’t look for a smokin gun, but a serious tilt slowly biasing the evolution of Canada’s telecom-media-Internet infrastructure in the favour of greater control and away from a transparent and open model of the open Internet.
We reach certain points in time, what the critical media scholar Robert McChesney calls “critical junctures”, or which the sociologist and media historian Paul Starr calls “constitutive moments”. We are in one such moment at present, I believe, and choices and decisions made now will tilt the evolution of the network media away toward a much more closed, surveilled and centralized regime than the open and distributed one, with the latter being the ideal because it strives to put as much of any networks’ capabilities at the ends of the networks and into as many people’s hands as possible. It is called maximizing the diversity of voices and it is a principle essential to any free press — digital, networked, or otherwise — and to the role of communications media in a democracy.
I think we need to push back against the tide. As part of my efforts to do so, over the past several months I joined with a number of groups and academics to produce a short video on the Conservative Governments proposed lawful access legislation. The efforts involved the Digitally Mediated Surveillance (DMS) research project (), the New Transparency project (), and features renowned Canadian academics discussing why cyber-surveillance and this lawful access legislation in particular is problematic for the future of privacy, democracy, civil liberties and the open internet.
The video is also part of a national campaign led by a coalition of academics and civil society groups, notably OpenMedia.ca, to on lawful access and cybersurveillance. One goal of that campaign was to have such legislations separated out from the Conservative’s Omnibus crime bill, and ensure the legislation receives full parliamentary debate (). That goal has been achieved. Now, it’s the tough part: the debate that will help determine whether networks will be designed and operated to minimize or maximize the collection and disclosure of personal information.
The full video, Unlawful Access: Canadian Experts on the State of Cyber-Surveillance, can be seen here:
An extended video interview with yours truly is available here:
About the Other Day: Lawful Access and ISPs in Canada
The other day I pounded away madly on the keyboard about global internet regulation. I was perturbed by the preliminary ‘e-G8′ meetings convened by President Sarkozy that seemed mostly designed to push a regulated Internet on the basis of bringing order to a disorderly and criminal Internet. It was a bad idea I said.
Here, though, I want to speak about the push for similar measures in Canada. As I see things, an open network is caught in the cross-hairs of several forces at the present moment:
- first, we have the well-known issues of UBB and bandwidth caps that are transforming the open and user-centric Internet into the pay-per Internet;
- second, we have the copyright industries pushing for ISPs and search engines to become extensions of the copyright enforcement regime;
- third, each of the ‘big six’ ISP’s ‘acceptable use policies’ contain extensive measures that constrain what people can and cannot do with their Internet connections;
- fourth, proposals in the Investigative Powers for the 21st Century Act (Bill C-51) introduced in the last Parliament and set to be reintroduced with the new Government’s omnibus crime bill sometime soon aim to retool communication networks in Canada for greater surveillance capabilities and to make it mandatory for telecoms providers, ISPs and search engines to disclose subscriber information, including name, address, IP address, and email address law enforcement official without court oversight.
This post focuses on the latter initiative, and what is known as ‘lawful access’. As with the rhetoric mobilized by Sarkozy, underpinning the push for greater surveillance power and easier access to records of Internet users is the idea that the Internet is disorderly and unruly place.
Yet, we must remember that in Canada, the Criminal Code already covers the Internet and crimes in real space are also crimes in cyberspace, notably child pornography, ‘hate crimes’, and obscenity. In other words, the Internet is not the wild west without the rule of law in place.
The Government wants to, it says, simply update and ‘modernize’ the existing arrangements with the Investigative Powers for the 21st Century Act (Bill C-51), a move which they say is long overdue because the existing laws were put into place when there was no such thing as the Internet. The Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Centre (CIPPIC) offers a good historical review of the current bill and its predecessors here.
In some ways, the Government claim is true. Public communication networks have always been intertwined with the interest and operations of the nation-State. That was as true for Roman roads and Venetian canals in the past, as it has been for the telegraph, postal and other media networks that have evolved up until today.
From emergency 911 services, spectrum grants to police and firefighters, and the Defense Early Warning (DEW) line in Northern Canada during the Cold War (and lucrative development ground for what eventually would become Nortel, before it crashed and burned on the embers of dot.com stupidity), the state and communications providers often work hand in glove. Silicon Valley North, as some in Kanata like to say, ain’t next to Ottawa (and the DND, or CSIS, or the Communication Security Establishment) for nothing.
In the past, some heterodox media political economists such as Dallas Smythe and William Melody complained that building networks to high-end national security, military, law enforcement and business needs created gold plated networks that were effectively subsidized by the general telephone subscribers.
Yet, just because there is nothing new in telecoms companies being deeply involved in matters of the state and law, this does not mean that there is not a lot that is new in the Government’s proposed legislation.
The new legislation:
- is not based on compelling arguments that it will deal better with crimes in cyberspace — child pornography, ‘hate crimes’, and obscenity –than the Criminal Code, without unduly stifling the free of expression in network media spaces.
- would require telecoms providers, ISPs and search engines to adopt expensive ‘network upgrades’ that expand their capacity to collect and retain ‘general contact data’ for all of their subscribers and even for specific contents of our online communications.
- to disclose this information to law enforcement and national security agencies upon request.
- to do so without a court-authorized warrant.
A few journalists and bloggers have issued alarmist calls that the new legislation would effectively outlaw anonymity and certain kinds of hyper-linking. I don’t think so. Michael Geist and the legislative review of the Investigative Powers for the 21st Century Act done by the Library of Parliament show convincingly enough that that’s not likely to happen.
It will, however, implement several new measures that will skirt, or bypass existing practices: no court orders, wide-scale implementation of news surveillance technologies, and procedures that have left all of Canada’s provincial Privacy Commissioners and others strongly opposed to the Conservative’s proposed new law.
One virtue of the Investigative Powers for the 21st Century Act (Bill C-51) is that it will bring out into the open and formalize in law a set of ‘voluntary’ practices that are already used to combat ‘cybercrimes’, but currently conduced behind closed doors.
Project Cleanfeed, for instance, involves ISPs working hand-in-hand with police to identify and block problematic URLs, mostly for the purposes of blocking access to child pornography and to facilitate investigations of such activities. The RCMP works hand-in-hand with the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) in the United States and thirty some odd similar agencies worldwide to disable access to ‘illegal websites’, so-called ‘domain name seizures’. The new law would match up with the facts on the grounds as they’ve already been established by ‘the State’.
The problem, however, is enrolling telecoms providers, ISPs and search engines in such processes to begin with. Up until now, ISPs act in tandem with the police through secret lists, no CRTC oversight, no court orders, etc. in Project Cleanfeed. Formalizing the requirement that they continue to take on this role, and to do so at the beck and call of national security agencies and cops rather than a court authorized warrant, takes a very bad route to a potentially good thing. Legalizing ‘rough justice’ and a murky role for ISPs does not sound like a good idea to me.
As I said earlier, telecoms companies have always had to build their networks equipped for national security and law enforcement purposes, and to comply with court orders when they are presented with them. That should continue to be the case today, with more candour and conformity to the concerns of privacy raised by, among others, all of the Provincial privacy commissioners pointed to above.
Basic rule in all of these cases, and regardless of whether it is the state or market interests that are bending basic networks and functionalities (i.e. search, storage, surveillance, etc.) to their purposes, is that gateways (telecom networks and ISPs) should never be gatekeepers. The goal should be to minimize rather than to maximize surveillance and ‘gatekeeper’ powers.
The idea of badly authorized and murky intelligence operations running roughshod on the public Internet is not a dystopian and remote fantasy. Over three quarters of U.S. military communications runs on the public netowrk. All submarine cables landing on U.S. shores must be equipped with electronic surveillance capabilities built to the specs of the U.S. state. Aspects of the common carrier/network neutrality obligations for telecoms and ISP providers in the U.S. were traded off in 2005 in return for major telecoms providers upgrading their networks in line with the asserted needs of a ‘post 9/11 world’.
Under the guise of the ‘global war or terrorism’, all of the major US telecoms and ISPs — AT&T, Verizon, SBC, Sprint, etc. (except, to its credit, Qwest) turned over these capabilities to the National Security Agency to eavesdrop on telephone, email and Internet communications between people in the US and elsewhere in the world. Again, while the objectives may have been legit, the operation skirted the existing laws and the courts found such activities illegal and claims that President Bush had unbound ‘wartime powers’ unjustified as New York Times’ reporters James Risen and Eric Lichtenblau revealed in December 2005 — albeit, after the New York Times had sat on the article for a year.
Congress rewrote the law in 2008 to bring the law into line with the facts that the Bush Regime had established on the ground. The new law also gave AT&T, et. al. retroactive and future immunity from prosecution when dealing with similar requests. A Second Circuit Court of Appeal in New York put the issues back into play recently when it reinstated a lawsuit by human rights groups, journalists, media organizations, labour unions and others who argue that Internet and telecoms surveillance violates their rights to privacy and freedom of expression (See here for a fuller treatment of the issues).
I am concerned that, from the general drift of things in the Investigative Powers for the 21st Century Act, as well as the lessons from the past decade in the U.S. and the choir of voices coming from the G8 last week about the need to ‘civilize’ cyberspace, point in the wrong direction: a more tightly regulated, closed and murky Internet. Basic standards of judicial oversight are removed and capacities expanded. There are pressing issues at hand, but they need to be handled with dexterity rather than the iron-fist of the national security state.
Just for fun, let me point to just one alternative way of doing things: the Icelandic Modern Media Initiative, a drive to adopt the most open and freedom of the press and communication-friendly environment in the world. Here’s a Youtube video outlining some of its ideas and ideals. Imagine. ..Woodie & East Co. Co. Records Presents Northern Expozure Vol. 2 (Explicit)
by Various Artists
Released: Jan 2001
Label: East Co. Co. Records / Rapbay / Urbanlife Music
Listen to the songs you love. Anytime, anywhere.
14 day free trial, then just $9.99/month for Rhapsody Premier. View all plansJoe Schmidt
More Info
Joseph Paul Schmidt is a former Detroit Lions linebacker and coach, as well as a Pittsburgh Panthers football player. Over his 13 year football career in the NFL, Joe Schmidt was awarded a spot in the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1973.
At the University of Pittsburgh, Joe Schmidt played for the Panthers for three years where he showed immense talent and leadership. Schmidt led his team to numerous championships and achievements, earning him a spot in the 1953 College All-Star Game.
In the 1953 NFL Draft, Schmidt was chosen by the Detroit Lions where he would spend the next 12 seasons as a linebacker. Schmidt was named teamed captain three years in and he kept that title until his retirement in 1965. Over his career, Joe Schmidt earned countless achievements including being named the top defensive player in the NFL. Following a solid career, Schmidt couldn’t get away and began coaching the Detroit Lions which lasted five years.
As a Football Hall of Famer, Schmidt continues to support the team that got him to where he is today. Join Joe Schmidt at Heinz Field to support the Pitt Panthers this season!
© 2015 PittPanthersTickets.comPort Harcourt – The Rivers police command on Wednesday arraigned 13 suspects before a Port Harcourt Magistrates’ Court charged with conspiracy and murder of four students of the University of Port Harcourt.
The suspects were arraigned on a five-count charge of murder, felony, conspiracy, lynching, and burning.
Prosecuting police Adiari Idafi told the court, presided over by Magistrate Emma Woke, that the accused on Oct. 5, allegedly murdered Chiadika Lordson, Ugonna Kelechi Obusor, Mike Lloyd Toku and Tekena Elkanah.
Idafi named the accused as Hassan Welewa, 59 (Male), Lawal Segun, 28 (Male), Lucky Orji, 43 (Male), Cynthia Chinwo, 24 (Female), Ekpe Daniel, 30 (Male).
Others are George Nwadei, 20 (Male), Gabriel Oche, 33 (Male) Ozioma Abajuo, 23 (Male), Chigozie Evans Samuel, 22 (Male), Endurance Edet, 27 (Male), and Endurance Okoghiroh, 24 (Male).
Also arraigned were David Chinasa Ugbaje, 30 (Male) and Ikechukwu Louis Amadi, alias Kapoon, 32 (Male).
Idafi stated that the offence was punishable under Section 324 of the Criminal Code Cap 37 Laws of River State, Nigeria, 1999, and Section 319 of the Criminal Code Cap 37 Vol. III laws of Rivers State, Nigeria, 1999.
The accused were asked by the court if they understood the charges and they consented, but no pleas were taken.
The magistrate ordered that the accused be remained in police custody for further investigation, and adjourned the case till Dec. 20, for further hearing. (NAN)I rarely go black and white on my photos. But this one screamed for the desaturation. Driving to work yesterday the fog was so thick. I pass this field every day and always thought, "on the next foggy day, I am stopping". Luckily, I actually had my camera with me and was able to get the tree line fading away. By afternoon, the fog had burned off and it was actually sunny in areas for the first time in what seems like weeks. Today is also a blue sky day! Lucky us :)
On a side note, tomorrow is the 114th Civil War between my beloved Oregon State Beavers and the #2 BCS ranked team in the nation, the Oregon Ducks. GO BEAVERS!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow, very atmospheric! Awesome picture.
Now I do think you were here in the valley this morning taking photos... they have lots of similarity. ;)
Please, please let it be a good game, I say. Do you think our Beavs can whoop em? We sure hope so!
It's that time of year for the fog. This one turned out perfectly!
This just proves one shouldn't get all moody over a bit of fog. It can be beautiful and and when it is gone, it isn't even missed.
Hi
mi piace molto questa foto immersa nella nebbia...
Buona giornata :)
Myriam
You're right, it's definitely better in b&w. Tomorrow is the Apple Cup, UW and WSU. Go Huskies! Oh, and i'm a Ducks fan so..... ;p
What a beautiful image. Very peaceful looking.I am interested to know how people are financing their studio builds? I have plenty of ideas that I would like to develop, built of course money is always a stumbling block. Is it really a case of either working and saving for 20+ before you can realise your dreams, or having wealthy family?Fort Hays State University > About FHSU > Academic Divisions > College of Arts and Sciences > Department of Mathematics and Computer Science > Student Org.
Don’t forget that life exists beyond the classroom! Student organizations help you make friends and get involved with your campus and your community. Some organizations also give you the opportunity to network with other students who share your career goals nationwide. Becoming active in campus life enriches your college experience and helps you develop leadership skills and self-confidence.
Building on the natural camaraderie between students and faculty in the program, the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science sponsors two organizations to benefit of students like you.
Mathematics and Computer Science Club - The Mathematics and Computer Science club helps MACS majors get to know their fellow students and faculty members outside the classroom. In addition to monthly pizza parties, this organization usually sponsors a fall picnic, a faculty-student softball game, a Halloween party, and a Christmas party. Current members come up with new activities every year to inspire them to think mathematically and help them to develop lasting relationships with their classmates and faculty. Contact the faculty sponsors, Dr. Keith Dreiling, Mrs. Michelle Zeng, or Mr. Bill Weber, to get involved.
Kappa Mu Epsilon - The FHSU chapter of Kappa Mu Epsilon, the national mathematics honor society, honors students who have met a high level of academic distinction. Kappa Mu Epsilon holds initiation ceremonies in the Fall semester of each year. Students must have a 3.0 grade point average in mathematics, a 2.75 overall GPA, and be enrolled in or have completed their third semester of calculus. Because of the overlap between KME and the MACS club, the two organizations hold many events and meetings together throughout the year. If you have any questions about KME, contact Dr. Lanee Young.
MACS majors can become a valuable part of many campus-wide organizations, like Tigers in Service or the Student Government Association. For more information about the other organizations on the FHSU campus, visit the Center for Student Involvement Web site.
How is a 401(k) Divided in A Divorce – QDRO
Ohio Judge Reprimanded After Berating Jurors For Acquitting Criminal Defendant | JONATHAN TURLEY
5 Tips for Keeping the Peace When Sharing Custody of the Kids. After a Divorce
Big changes for the rights of active duty military
:Andra Skaalrud would like to be home with her family in Minneapolis for Thanksgiving, but the Boston University junior will be spending the holiday in Beantown with some fellow BU Terriers. Flying home to be with family wasn't in the cards. Not after Skaalrud considered what the trip would cost.
"We have a rather short break," Skaalrud said. "And for me, going home four days for how much it costs to fly home -- $600, $700, $800 -- it's really not worth it just for that short period of time."
Despite the cost, Skaalrud said it wasn't an easy choice.
"I miss my friends and family very much, I'm very sad I'm not going to get to see them," she said.
A lot fewer people will be flying this holiday season.
Traffic at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport has been down all year, and airport spokesman Patrick Hogan expects that drop-off to continue over the holidays.
"We're seeing passenger levels about 6 to 7 percent below where they were last year in general," Hogan said. "And we expect that will hold true for the Thanksgiving holiday travel as well."
We're seeing passenger levels about six to seven percent below where they were last year in general. And we expect that will hold true for the Thanksgiving holiday travel as well.Patrick Hogan, MSP Airport spokesman
Nationwide, air passenger traffic for the Thanksgiving holiday period is expected to be way down. From November 21 to December 2, the industry expects 2 million fewer passengers will fly than did last year. That's about a 10 percent drop, to 24 million. It's the first decline in Thanksgiving air travel in seven years. But, it comes as no surprise to the country's airlines.
"You sit here and read the paper, watch the TV ... every day somebody is announcing layoffs and people who are laid off are either business or leisure travelers," said David Castelveter, a spokesman for the Air Transport Association, which represents the nation's airlines.
"All of this uncertainty in the marketplace has lead to fewer travelers for the holiday," Castelveter said.
Despite the decline in travel, folks who do fly won't find a lot of elbow room on planes. Castelveter said airlines have reduced their flights by about 10 percent overall compared with last year.
"Load factors -- or the percentage of seats filled -- will be about the same as they were last year for the same period," Castelveter said,"Eighty percent full over the course of the 12 days. And 90 to 100 percent full on the peak travel days, the most heavily traveled days."
Folks willing to fly on slow days for the airlines may land some good fares, even this close to the holiday. Airlines would rather get some money for those seats than see them fly empty.
Minneapolis-based travel expert Terry Trippler said travelers can save a lot if they're flexible and avoid peak days.
"You're going to travel round-trip to the coast for about $250, $275," Trippler said. "If you go peak days, you're going to travel for around $700, $725."
Back at Boston University, Andra Skaalrud has made T-day plans that involve her roommates from Maryland and Oregon and other friends who won't be going home for the holiday.
"We're throwing our own little Thanksgiving celebration," Skaalrud said. "We've got a bunch of strays out here. We have about eight people coming over."
Come Christmas, though, Skaalrud will be back in the Twin Cites.
"I'm coming home for Christmas on American. And I have to fly through Chicago, and I'm terrified I'm going to be stranded."
That trip will cost about $450.
It's not just air travel that will fall this Thanksgiving. The AAA auto club forecasts fewer Americans will be driving, despite the recent plunge in gasoline prices. AAA expects about a 1 percent decline in the number of Americans who will drive at least 50 miles from home during the holiday period.Associate Professor Harlan G. Cohen will present "Finding International Law, Part II: The Fragmentation of Legitimacy," at the New York University School of Law's international law colloquium, during January.
Associate Professor Elizabeth Weeks Leonard presented "Litigating Administrative Programs, Then and Now" as part of a panel at the 2012 University of Pennsylvania Journal of Constitutional Law Symposium during January..
Associate Professor Fazal Khan was quoted in the Athens Banner-Herald regarding the newly proposed sexual education guidelines for schools. The article was written by Erin France and appeared on 1/16/12.
Woodruff Chair in International Law Diane Marie Amann was quoted in the Los Angeles Times regarding the international laws of warfare. The article was written by Carol J. Williams and appeared on 1/15/12.
View archives: 1996-2013!
Learn more about your auto insurance coverage options
Contact Your Local Estrella Insurance Agent Today or get a FREE QUOTE ONLINE NOW!
Estrella Insurance has the ability to give you a lot of options to cover your Commercial Auto at a great competitive rate without losing the coverage you need. We have professional Agents that can answer any questions you have and help you find the right Commercial Auto Coverage base on your needs and requirements.
We can also protect your Business with many Commercial Insurance options. We can insured Business Auto, Contractors, For-Hire Transportation, For-Hire Specialty, tow and even Pizza and Restaurant Delivery. We also offer other Business Insurance such as General Liability, Business Owners Policies and Workers Compensation Insurance all under one roof. Our Agents are available to assist you at 888-511-7722.
With so many boat insurance options, we provide you with information to help you choose the best coverage for your boat or personal watercraft.
There are many kinds of boats and so there are all types of insurance coverage's—like personal watercraft insurance, jet boat insurance, sailboat insurance, fishing boat insurance, or house boat insurance—a boat insurance policy is what you need - then Estrella Insurance is the answer. We will shop our trememdous array of insurance company partners to find you the best, most affordable BOAT or WATERCRAFT insurance in the market.
Contact Your Local Estrella Insurance Agent Today!
At Estrella Insurance we understand you want to feel the freedom of the road and feel the wind in your face as you ride your MOTORCYCLE down the road, trail or to work as a commuter, no matter the reason, Estrella Insurance is there to take the hassle out of insuring your ride. We also provide insurance for RVs, Motor Homes, ATVs, Bikes, Trailers, Campers, and more.
Contact Your Local Estrella Insurance Agent Today!
Take your first step towards Health Insurance by contacting Estrella Insurance today!
Laws are changing and we can guide you to make the best choice. Your heath is the most important aspect of live, without Health Insurance it will be very difficult to pay for medical expenses. Estrella Insurance is here to help you select health coverage, including Obamacare and other types of health insurance questions you may have.
Contact Your Local Estrella Insurance Agent Today!Goat Rose Dress
Please check the size guide for further information.
- Model: Height 5' 10" | Wears size 10
- Size 10 measures 33inch / 83cm from nape of neck to hem
- UK sizing
- True to size
- Rose dress
- Wide neckline
- Gathered shoulders
- Short sleeves
- Gathered waist
- Two in seam front pockets
- Rear zip fastening
- Complimentary top stitching
- Fully lined
- 100% wool
The Rose dress by renowned brand Goat is a uncomplicated option to slip into your occasion wear wardrobe with ease. Crafted from pure wool for a luxury finish, this designer dress aims to instantly flatter the silhouette. Creating a demure meets stylish look, this Goat dress has a gathered waistband to create a draped skirt with two in seam pockets for a smock-like cut. Combining comfort with relaxed luxe, this dress is a design-led classic for formal occasions in the sun, such as a wedding or the races.NO PRESS EVENTS
Hill Family Estate
hillfamilyestate.com
6512 WASHINGTON ST
Yountville, CA 94599
Phone: 707-944-9580
Type:
Private
Employees:
Not Available
Revenue:
Not Available
Industry:
Consumer Products->Food Processing
SIC Code:
2084 - Wines, Brandy, and Brandy Spirits
Background
Full company description is available with the free trial.
Additional Info:
Looking for company data regarding Hill Family Estate's CEO or CFO? Hill Family Estate is part of the Food processing field and are located in the area of Yountville, CA. Some of the helpful data that can be found on their Lead411 profile include Hill Family Estate email addresses marked by the domain format @hillfamilyestate.com. Other contact information could contain cfo names, phone numbers, linkedin profiles, corporate contacts, and facebook profiles. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@hillfamilyestate.com addresses.
Company Background:
Full company description is available with the free trial.
Similar Companies:.
Del Monte Foods
Have you been searching for Del Monte Foods's contact information for hours? Have you been trying to find Del Monte Foods's domain format email addresses?. Del Monte Foods is a Food processing and is based in San Francisco, CA and more information like linkedin facts, phone numbers, cfo executives and facebook profiles can be found within the Lead411 profile. > Hill Family EstateThis and That
>>IMAGE is always so exciting! I hope your bracket is filled out because games start today! I am routing for Illinois. I am not sure how well they will do, but I have to cheer for my team!
3. Last weekend we went out to dinner at Plum Alley in Salt Lake City. Love the decor and the food was fab! We will be back!
4. Cheesecake just got a WHOLE lot better with this strawberry balsamic mint topping.
5. Caleb eats his yogurt all by himself now. Sometimes it gets a little messy, but he is learning. He is a true Chobani Champion!
6. Looking for another way to eat your veggies? How about Carrot Cake Bars
7. I’m sure you’ve heard the sad news, Google Reader is shutting down in July. If you rely on Google Reader and feel a little lost, check out this post by Purr Design. Feedly and Bloglovin are both good options and Purr Design will walk you through the pros, cons, and how to get switched over. We don’t want our readers to miss a post from us, so get switched over now!
8. I am sportin’ a pretty new Petunia Pickle Bottom iPhone case for spring! Love it!
9. Salted Caramel Easter Popcorn-make this and don’t blame me if you eat it all…and end up with a stomachache. Not that I know from experience:)
10. We had baked sweet potato fries and only sweet potato fries for dinner this week. Do you really need anything else? Ok, we gave Caleb beans and cottage cheese to go with his fries because I didn’t want to be a bad mom, but all I needed was a plate of sweet potato fries! My skin looked a little orange the next day, but it sure beats going to a tanning bed..just kidding:)
11. Head on over to Wayfair to check out my Cookie Baking Must-Haves! I am sharing my top picks to bake the perfect cookie. Happy Baking!
I wanted to get Kay a little hoop! Now I’m definitely doing it. They can play together :). Those fries look amazing. I’m really sad about the loss of google reader…lame. Come on google- keep it!
I would take a plate of sweet potato fries.
Caleb is so cute! Love how he follows through on the basketball!
I’m all over the sweet potatoes this week!!!
Change in lunch plans. I’ll now be having a plate of sweet potato fries!
Caleb is too cute! And I love your cookie baking picks on Wayfair! So fun!
I’ve been to Plum Alley, too….didn’t you just LOVE it?! You’re little man is just too adorable! (I miss that age with all my boys!) (=
Have fun watching March Madness. I am rooting for the Michigan Wolverines! GO BLUE!
How adorable!! And I absolutely LOVE your iPhone case, too cute
Cute pictures of Caleb!
We are Chobani fans too! And I love your new iPhone case. Going to check them out! And thanks for sharing your cookie favorites!
We loved Plum Alley-can’t wait to go back!
Thanks Julie! I love talking about cookies:)
Ha! Enjoy!
We really need to be neighbors:)
Thank you!
Thanks Kelly! xo
Oh Maria… I can’t believe how big your little guy is! It seems like yesterday he was a little baby. Too cute!
I loved it when my babies were old enough to tackle yogurt by themselves
so cute!
I LOOOVE sweet potato fries! I will have to try making them~ thanks for the how-to! And I’m so not happy about Google Reader shutting down…
Thanks for the information about Google Reader alternatives. I use it daily and am very saddened that its going away, so its really good to know about the alternatives.
Food is always way more fun when it’s a little messy. Caleb has definitely mastered being a healthy snacking champion!
I grew up in Champaign, and went to U of I, as did every single other member of my family. In other words, I bleed orange and blue–but couldn’t take them past round 1 in the tournament. Definitely admire your loyalty!!! Go Illini : )
Yay! I already taught Caleb how to say Illini:) I miss the days of Dee Brown and Deron Williams. They caused me a lot of stress though:) Enjoy the tournament!
LOVE baked sweet potato fries! I had to laugh at that part of your post because there have been SO many times when that’s all I ate for dinner! I make mine with a slight variation. I cut up the sweet potatoes, toss in olive oil, salt and pepper, put in a baking dish, add minced garlic (a lot of it!) and roast. The garlic adds a wonderful sweet flavor that makes it extra tasty (and healthy!).
I love sweet potato fries too! Nothing wrong with having just that for dinner, right!? iPhone case is adorable!
Sweet potato fries are the ideal dinner for me, too!
Caleb is the cutest!
I love sweet potato fries too. Your kids are super cute! Great post!
He’s got the perfect “gooseneck” or “wave bye to the ball” going in that last photo! The NBA better watch out for him!
Give me sweet potato fries with a chipotle ranch dipping sauce and we are set!
Love the post!
Caleb looks adorable. He’s such a lucky boy to have you as a mom., 2012
Atex plans to introduce its new cloud-based content management solution, Content Hub, later this quarter. Content Hub will be able to connect to both Atex and non-Atex editorial systems and will deliver content across mobile, tablet, and desktop platforms.
Through a single entry point to multiple repositories, Atex Content Hub allows users to see all available content at once. Users will then be able to prepare and release content to any channel. The solution will also connect to internal and external customer, marketing, audience, and advertising applications.
Atex developed Content Hub based on customer feedback and internal recommendations as to how the company can improve editorial efficiency. Content Hub is designed to improve internal efficiency and reduce development and integration costs.
()- Editors' Notes
Editors' NotesFrom the kinetic streets of Tokyo to the beaches of Thailand, find travel inspiration and discover corners of the world you knew nothing about with this absorbing book documenting a collection of weekend-long breaks in Asia and Oceania. Collected from the popular column published in the New York Times, each entry provides a snapshot of another city or district with insider information, maps, photographs and charming illustrations.
- Size & Fit
Size & Fit
This item's measurements are:
- Width 7" / 17.5cm
- Height 10" / 25cm
- Details & Care
Details & Care
- The New York Times 36 hours: Asia & Oceania edited by Barbara Ireland
- 300-page cloth-bound book
- Publication date: 2013
- Publisher: Taschen
- ISBN: 978-3-8365-4504-4
- Free Delivery & Returns »
Reader Wants a Refund From Lang Smith Who He Paid Advance Fees to For Credit Repair. No Refund Received.
Not »
Credit Mastery Challenge Sends Out Crazy Email Promising to Wipe Credit File Clean
For those of us familiar with the debt and credit world. One of the things to avoid is anything that involves pre-paid services for credit repair services. That’s why when the following email was sent to me by a tipster (send in your tips here) I was shocked. Someone is going to fall for this load of bull but don’t ... Read More »
Credit Mastery »West Floyd Disc Golf Course
Primary tabs
Year Established:
2011
Rating:
0
No votes yet
Mostly open with a couple of wooded holes, good flow, slight elevation and a river in play. Hole lengths from 194' to 500'.
Course Details
# Holes: 18
Target Type: Mach V
Tee Type: Concrete
Elevation: Some Low Hills
Foliage: Scattered
Course Length: 4,812ft
Alternate Length: 0ft
Hole Length: Under 300ft: 14 | 300 - 400ft: 3 | Over 400ft: 1
Course Designer: Ben Sitzmann
First Tee: (
) -96.182741,42.789622
Phone: 712-546-7018
No Course Reviews
Have you played at West Floyd Disc Golf Course? Be the first person to review this course!
Courses Close By
- Roadside Park Disc Golf, Alton IA US2(1 vote)
- Western Iowa Tech Community College, Sioux City IA US0No votes yet
- Sertoma Park, Sioux City IA US3(1 vote)
- Crystal Cove Park , South Sioux City NE US0No votes yet
- Copeland Park, Correctionville IA US0No votes yet
- Mental Health Clinic, Cherokee IA US0No votes yet
- River's Edge Disc Golf Course, Cherokee IA US0No votes yet
- Hills Park Disc Golf Course, Sheldon IA US0No votes yet
- Inspiration Hills Camp, Inwood IA US0No votes yet
- Watchdog Disc Golf Course, Beresford SD US0No votes yetConvenience Traits: Are your cows working for you or are you working for your cows?
It is said that those who do not study history are doomed to repeat the mistakes of the past. That is why it so important to learn from the original masters of the performance movement in the cattle industry—to find out what traits they felt were important for highly profitable, maternal cattle.
Some of the best of these trailblazing breeders were George Chiga (1913-2007) and Roy Beeby (1931-2002). Though these breeders both raised Red Angus, their concepts are universal. They were known to be among the most important figures in the performance movement in their eras; however, it is interesting to note that at the time these two men were in their prime, many of the traits they deemed of tremendous importance didn’t necessarily have EPDs or ratios.
They just both wanted working cows that were moderate in size, with perfect udder structure, balanced milk, soundness, good disposition, and terrific fleshing ability.
Although the term “convenience traits” is bandied about in today’s cattle industry, it is believed that George Chiga was the person to coin the phrase, and there have been no greater champions of efficient, maternal, and problem-free cattle than Chiga and Beeby. Some of the attributes of “convenience cattle”—those that will be covered in this article—are reproduction, soundness, foraging ability, calving ease, mothering ability, optimum milk, good temperament, polled character, cow size, longevity, and cow efficiency.
Cow efficiency
Chiga recognized that “convenience is an efficiency tool.” This is because it has been demonstrated that high profit commercial cow/ calf producers only have a small advantage in payweight at weaning compared to medium and low profit producers. The major advantages belong to the low cost producers: lower labor inputs and feed costs.
Beeby felt that a cow should be able to wean at least 50 percent of her weight, but growth is important only to a point. This is because growth is obtained at a cost, and many ranchers would be surprised at what those “bragging rights” at weaning time are actually costing them.
Chiga knew, years before there were studies to prove it, that convenience is an efficiency tool. “How much performance do you need?” Chiga would ask rhetorically. And then, in answer to his own question: “Just enough to make money (revenue); then add convenience to it (lower costs).
You don’t have to have the biggest this or the biggest that. Nature has very little use for freaks. Nature is interested in only one thing; perpetuation. You can do what you like, but nature will win out.” Chiga’s advice was spot-on; it has been demonstrated that reproduction is the most economically relevant trait impacting cow efficiency.
Reproduction
According to Beeby, “Superior females must mature sexually, cycle, conceive and calve without assistance as a two-year-old and every 12 months thereafter.” Perhaps a high demand, but not when you consider that reproduction has been shown to be the most economically important trait; twice as important as growth traits and 2-10 times more economically important than carcass traits.
Therefore, reproduction is the foundation of a good cow/calf herd. Since growth and carcass traits tend to be easier to influence (because they are higher in heritability), it certainly pays to focus first on reproductive and maternal traits. To sum it up, reproduction is “difficult to change genetically, so it’s critical to begin with genetics that are proven to be reproductively sound.”
Calving ease
Calving problems are a major source of labor, and females having calving difficulty have been shown to be slower to rebreed. Although birth weight (BW) is the major driver of calving ease, master breeders learn early on that different sires with progeny of similar birth weights may have very different results in terms of calving ease.
According to Chiga, “One profits by paying attention to birth weights and to selecting for strains that calve unassisted.” He also noted that, “A number of Canadians, with somewhat larger cattle, suggest that ‘assisted’ or ‘unassisted’ should be the record and the tool for making calving ease improvement. A breed association could do worse.”
Luckily, today we have an EPD (expected progeny difference) that takes into account both birth weight and calving ease scores. The calving ease direct (CED) EPD is the percent probability differences of sires’ calves being born unassisted. Being an economically important trait, CED EPD is a much better predictor of calving ease than birth weight EPD.
Soundness
Without sound cattle, you have nothing. Traits such as good feet, structural correctness, functional udder structure, sound mouths, etc. are all considered when determining soundness. Chiga even went a step beyond these obvious traits: “Sound structure in bulls that look like bulls and cows with trim lines and sex appeal are paramount in herds rightfully termed ‘Convenience Cattle,’” he wrote.
Soundness of structure, like any trait, is best evaluated in contemporary groups of cattle raised in a production setting (as opposed to pampered show cattle with trimmed feet). In terms of breeding allaround sound cattle from a seedstock perspective, Chiga said he “wouldn’t use a bull that couldn’t stand some inbreeding, proving freedom from undesirable traits and an abundance of those desirable.”
Optimum milk
If the last two years of drought and high supplement costs have taught the industry anything, it is that too much milk can be a detriment. Beeby explained:
“Heifers and cows should give enough milk to wean a heavy calf; [however,] they should not be bred for maximum milk. For example, dairy cows give too much milk and their maintenance requirements are too high for regular reproduction and sound udders in a beef cattle environment.”
This holds true not only when the cow is lactating, but also in her dry season, because high-milk-potential females have higher maintenance requirements year-round. Beeby goes on to point out that because of higher maintenance requirements, “work at USDA found that any breed whose selection has been for [high] milk production is less efficient in either the breeding herd or the feedlot.”
Mothering ability
There is no EPD for mothering ability, only your sharp observation skills and a pencil to record what you see. According to Beeby: “Sound udders are essential. Heifers and cows should be rated on how they nurture and attend to the calf after it is born and how they protect it to weaning.” There is simply not enough margin in the commercial cow/calf industry to fool with a cow whose calf needs aid in nursing her problem udder. These cows need to go on the cull list in the fall no matter how big a calf they wean.
Foraging ability
Since the majority of agricultural land is unsuitable for crop production, grazing this resource and turning it into nutritious food for people is the most basic reason we have beef cattle. However, some cows are better foragers than others. “There are breeds of cattle and cattle within breeds that are better at foraging,” said Beeby. “It may be associated with appetite. Some cattle will eat less palatable grass, weeds, and browse what others do not utilize.”
Grazing behavior is also very important, since cattle on the Western range must spread out when grazing instead of bunching together (which is typical for intensive grazing situations more common in the Midwest and East). If cattle bunch together in very extensive pasture situations, it can lead to poor utilization of forage resources and overgrazing. Since many Angus bloodlines have been developed in the West in recent decades, Angus now display the type of grazing behavior once mainly lauded for Herefords. It is important to remember that cows were made to walk and grass was made to stand still, making cows a highly efficient, low-cost way to harvest solar energy. Temperament “Temperament, fostering ease of handling, is a laborsaving, gain-saving convenience on the ranch, in the feedlot and for the packer,” said Chiga. Depending on the operation and facilities, it’s important to avoid both extremes of inherent temperament. Just like bad disposition cattle are a problem; extreme pet-like disposition cattle can display poor vigor, lack of mothering ability, and can just plain be difficult to work through well-planned chutes. On the other end, as Beeby so aptly summed it: “Life is too short to deal with wild cattle.”
Polled character
For Chiga, polled character (naturally without horns) was a major convenience trait. Today, given the strength of Angus’ bull market share and other polled breeds available, producers almost take for granted the polled characteristic. However, one trip to a commercial feed yard demonstrates that there are still too many horned feeder calves coming through the production cycle; calves that have to be dehorned at some point. Since the polled gene is dominate over the horn gene, and genomic testing for the trait is easy, there is almost no reason that a commercial cow/calf producer shouldn’t easily design a breeding program that eliminates the stress to the cattle and labor involved in dehorning.
Cow size
About 1970 or ‘80 Chiga wrote, “‘Bigger is better’ was the philosophy in the bounce-back from ‘Belt Buckle’ cattle of mid-century. Sadly, some have gone overboard on cow size. Result: the inconveniences and financial drain of soaring maintenance cost, delayed sexual maturity, irregular calving and shortened longevity. Mid-size, strongly feminine cows are ‘Convenience Cattle.’” Since Chiga wrote this, the industry went through a period of downsizing its average cow. Now, unfortunately, the industry is back on the upswing to bigger cattle again. The U.S. Meat Animal Research Center reports average cow size in Angus and other British breeds to be over 1,400 pounds.
The major problem with this upswing is that with high grain prices, backgrounding calves before they reach the feed yard is highly desirable. Yet if cattle are too big, with very high growth potential, they need to go straight to the feedlot at weaning in order to produce carcass weights inside the window of acceptability, thus missing the advantage of backgrounding.
Longevity
On the keys for longevity, Beeby wrote: “Cows that give enough milk, but not too much milk, cows that are big enough, but not too big, have a better chance for a long productive life with less stress. Soundness and regular reproduction keep cows from being culled. Many of the traits that contribute to longevity are heritable, and so are the traits that cause cattle to be culled.”
The cost of developing or buying replacement heifers, as well as the annual cost of keeping a cow, is expensive. Therefore, researchers estimate that an average commercial cow must remain productive in a herd for five to six years of age to be profitable. Stayability is an EPD that was pioneered by Colorado State University in 1995 to be a genetic prediction of a cow reaching the six-year-old threshold. The stayability EPD was first implemented by the Red Angus Association. Today, Angus Genetics Inc. is working on an EPD to predict total longevity of a cow’s productive life, called “Life of Production EPD.” In the end, cattle that excel in convenience traits will excel in longevity.
Summary
Even though we have made amazing strides in terms of cattle performance, it is important to make sure—as an industry—that we are making genetic improvement, not just genetic change. Because convenience is an efficiency tool, that means some of the most economically important traits cannot be measured with a set of scales or an ultrasound machine; only with sharp observation skills and a pencil. Master breeders like Chiga and Beeby knew this innately. “In other words, get rid of your excuses,” said Beeby.
“You don’t want to propagate faults in your cow herd.” Working hard toward convenience now will save you work and money in the long run. As Chiga said, “Convenience is of growing importance as dependable labor becomes increasingly difficult to obtain and as efficiency becomes increasingly important, those things about cattle that require special attention can be inconvenient.” In the end, to be a high profit producer means making the investment in the right kind of genetics that will produce cattle with necessary convenience traits. — Dr. Bob Hough [This article originally ran in the Sinclair Cattle Co. 2014 Newsletter and was reprinted with permission]In the field of batteries for consumer electronics, Lithium-ion (Li-ion) technology has proven itself the best (Technology, January 5). But there's plenty more to come. A number of companies are experimenting with fuel-cell technology to power laptops.
Unlike a battery, which stores energy already created, a fuel cell produces its own energy using external fuel. Direct methanol fuel cells (DMFCs) use methanol - a cheap, ubiquitous alcohol product - to produce electricity. Instead of burning the methanol by combustion, DMFCs use the anode to separate hydrogen atoms from the fuel.
The hydrogen atoms are then stripped of their electrons before passing through a catalyst to the cathode, where they react with oxygen to form water. The orphaned hydrogen electrons in the DMFC pass from the anode to the cathode via the electrical circuit, producing usable power.
Rather than charging the device with more electricity, you add more methanol. Methanol stores more energy than Li-ion chemistry, according to Bill Acker, chief executive of DMFC maker MTI Micro Fuel Cells (). "The alcohol powering the fuel cell has 20 or 30 times the energy density [the energy stored in a given volume] of a battery."
Consumer electronics companies are taking notice. "It is something that we feel is certainly the future of battery power," says Adrian Horne, media relations manager at Lenovo, which took over IBM's PC business in May. "But there is a way to go."
Big problem
Perhaps that's why IBM's prototype DMFC-powered notebook, produced with Sanyo, vanished after a demonstration last April. NEC showed one in October but has consistently put back predictions of a commercial product. Hitachi has also produced prototypes with a flourish, only to spirit the technology back into the labs. So why is DMFC always next year's technology?
Part of the problem is building one in a small enough package. Toshiba used what it calls the world's first DMFC to power a prototype hard drive-based MP3 player measuring 3in x 5in x 1in last year. The unit was so small that no pumps were needed to deliver the methanol or the oxygen. Steve Crawley, the product marketing manager, says that a larger system using pumps for fuel delivery is needed for cells that can power notebook-sized products.
Vendors could create a larger cell as a separate mobile energy source for laptops and other devices, but there are efficiency problems. "A DMFC kicks off twice as much energy in heat as it gives you in electricity," says Andy Keates, energy sources enabling manager at Intel, comparing it to Li-ion rates. "Under normal use, when you take the energy out of a battery you'll get 95% of the electricity you wanted, and maybe 5% in warming up the battery."
MTI has been able to double the energy density of Li-ion batteries using equivalent-size fuel cells in military applications, argues Acker. But because fuel cells are hard to miniaturise, it will take more work to create the smaller packages required for consumer products, he says.
But the biggest problem is regulatory. "Methanol is being heavily pushed for small-scale fuel cells but I understand the use of methanol on aircraft won't be acceptable," says Professor Peter Bruce, at St Andrews University, a participant in the government-funded ITI Energy () battery research project.
Li-ion batteries can explode, but only under extreme temperatures. The International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) allows them on planes without operator approval and spare batteries can also be carried, although their total lithium content cannot exceed 8g. Flammable methanol is considered more dangerous, hence the total restriction on using it during flights. Still, all may not be lost. The US Fuel Cell Council () has worked with the ICAO proposed regulation amendments allowing the use of DMFCs on aircraft. If ratified, they will come into effect in January next year and national regulators will need to revise their rules.
If the rules change, Toshiba could commercialise DMFCs "in and after" 2007, according to Dr Ueno, a technology executive in the display devices and components control centre at Toshiba's Japanese headquarters. NEC's Japanese spokesperson suggests a similar timeframe.
If the cells do ship, establishing the distribution channels for methanol will take considerable muscle. Power sockets are everywhere, methanol sockets less so. No problem, says MTI's Acker, citing the firm's strategic alliance with Duracell owner Gillette. "They are developing and will distribute the fuel refills for the fuel cell systems we develop," he says.
· If you'd like to comment on any aspect of Technology Guardian, send your emails to tech@guardian.co.uk5 Sites With Free & Interesting X-Ray Photos
You may be looking for x-ray images because you use them in your chosen field or you might just be looking for them because they’re cool. Either way, these 5 sites can show you some free and interesting x-ray photos. Some are startling and others are as mundane as x-ray photos can be but each one will give you a deeper look into the human condition.
FotoSearch
FotoSearch offers you an array of x-ray photos for free. You can find photos here that show x-ray images being used in medical settings as well as images of the x-rays themselves. The number of interesting images you are going to find here is probably going to be more limited by the time you have to look than by the selection. These x-ray and x-ray related photos will show you x-rays of various parts of the body and may very well give you what you are looking for from x-ray photos.
iStockphoto
iStockphoto is another site that will give you access to many x-ray photos. In fact, a search for the term x-ray will net you 4259 images all on its own. These images run the gamut from traditional x-rays to photos of doctors examining said x-rays. Although some of these images appear to be of a more promotional nature, there are more than enough genuine x-ray photos to give you some interesting images. And you will not be sorting through photos for long before you find some high quality x-ray photos either.
MyPACS.net
MyPACS.net is the real deal. This site has created a community of more than 40,000 professionals who represent over 8,500 hospitals and other medical facilities. This site is one of the best because it features real images from real cases submitted by this network of professionals. You will find over 20,500 cases to date with over 100,000 images from these cases. This site was made for the purpose of training medical personnel so if you want to see real x-rays then this is the site to visit time and time again.
Flickr
A quick search for x-ray photos in Flickr will net you page after page of images related to x-rays. While not every image that such a general search pulls up will be exactly what you were looking for, the sheer number of photos available on this site ensures that you will find plenty of x-ray photos to strike your fancy. While most x-rays are obviously of the human body, Flickr boasts a few photos of other objects from the x-ray perspective. Now, this is interesting.
Brisbane Times
This Brisbane Times site does not have an overwhelming inventory of x-ray photos but it does features some of the most interesting x-ray images that you are likely to come across. The riveting images of a teenage boy’s skull with a 5 inch knife imbedded in it are startling to say the least. The most interesting fact is that the boy survived this injury. This is both a wondrous sight and one that is horrible to contemplate. The fact that a knife was plunged into this boy’s skull during a robbery in a violent act makes it a gruesome display but with the x-ray photo from the event you can more objectively admire the human constitution and just how much punishment it can withstand.
These 5 sites with free and interesting x-ray photos are all worth a look. Whether you know exactly what you are looking at when you see an x-ray or not, these images can still boggle the mind and captivate the imagination. After all, with an x-ray you are seeing a person from the inside. There is something awe inspiring about that.- Event URN:
- 250413
- Start date:
- Sun, 9th Jun 2013
- Paul Rippon
01473741335
- Cheques payable to:
- Ipswich Bicycle Club
An additional day of racing, seperate to the Wednesday evening series for national points.
This event now has an open Facebook Group, SuffolkCycleRacingSeries
Event Location:
Felixstowe Road,
Ipswich,
Suffolk,
IP3 8UHIn 1971, NASA sent three astronauts who were University alumni to the moon as part of the Apollo 15 lunar mission. Now, three University professors have been chosen for a new NASA project, one that believes many answers may be blowing in the wind.
On Monday, NASA announced that a team of Michigan University professors - Christopher Ruf, professor of atmospheric, oceanic and space sciences and electrical engineering and computer sciences; Aaron Ridley, associate professor of atmospheric, oceanic and space sciences; and Derek Posselt, assistant professor of atmospheric, oceanic and space sciences - were chosen to receive $151.7 million over the next five years to undertake their Cyclone Global Navigation Satellite System project.
The project aims to simultaneously launch eight satellites by 2016 that will spend at least two years in space where they will gather data about cyclones and other tropical storms that previous technology found difficult to provide because of the difficulty of studying inside oceanic storms.
The team of professors beat out 18 other teams that submitted proposals when the agency offered an opportunity for funds for small spaceflight investigations in Earth's system, made possible by the Earth Venture-class series of projects in NASA's Earth Science Division.
The University professors will partner with Southwest Research Institute of Texas, Surrey Satellite Technology of Colorado and the NASA Ames Research Center to build the satellites and gather data that can be used for research.
In Earth's orbit, the satellites' functions will include probing the interaction between seawater and air and how that interaction has a role in the development of hurricanes and other tropical storms.
Ruf, the project's principal investigator, said the satellites will be up in space to monitor hurricanes for at least two hurricane seasons but noted that while the satellites are designed for a two-year lifetime, they may last longer.
"The first one is like a training session, to make sure everything is working and tune up all of the electronics properly, and then the second year we'll be able to really do it," Ruf said.
Ruf said their mission was attractive to NASA because their satellites are smaller and less expensive than previous satellites.
"There's several different ways of looking at the surface conditions that have been flying since the 1970s, and the more traditional ways are much bigger and much more expensive," he said.
Ruf added that the satellites' technology will allow for a mission that will be the first of its kind.
"As far as using this kind of technology specifically, it's been demonstrated twice before on satellites, but they were just these little demonstrations, things that only lasted for a few weeks to show that the idea was sound," Ruf said. "But there was never like a full, concerted mission to do sustained science."
Ruf said the team also extensively researched cyclones before submitting the proposal.
"We did a lot of historical analysis ... as part of the design study for how many satellites we would need and the detail about their design so we would be able to see a lot of hurricanes," Ruf said.
The mission will focus on taking measurements of hurricanes during the hurricanes, which hasn't been done before, according to Ruf.
"(Old satellites) stopped working well as soon as you get close to the middle of the hurricane because there is too much rain, and this new technique can see right through the rain well, so that's a big-deal thing," Ruf said.
Ruf added that studying such hard-to-reach areas of the storms can help meteorologists better forecast the intensity of hurricanes in the future.
Posselt said he joined the project to further investigate convection as a general topic, rather than solely tropical cyclones.
"My task on this is ... to explore uses of this data to try to understand tropical precipitation," Posselt said.
Posselt added that smaller storms are important to study as well.
"In the last five or 10 years or so, there's been a more concerted effort to try to understand these tropical systems, partly because they can give rise to hurricanes down the road if they persist long enough and organize in the right way," Posselt said.
Posselt added that NASA saw how their proposal would benefit science without an exorbitant cost.
"So for NASA, I think this probably fell in a bit of a sweet spot ... it's a measurement that we don't have globally but it's using technology that we don't have to spend tens of millions of dollars developing," Posselt said.
NASA spokesman Steve Cole said this mission will provide NASA with the kind of cutting-edge study of Earth they look for.
"NASA does a lot of research into developing for new ways to use the vantage point of space, having instruments in space to study weather, hurricanes, all sorts of earth science," Cole said. "We've had a number of missions that study winds ... and this mission is kind of pushing the envelope."
Cole added that it is somewhat unique for NASA to have a university-led mission.
"Most NASA missions are done not at universities, but we do have a history in a wide range of sciences of what we call P.I.-led missions. We have them in planet science and solar science," Cole said.Co-authored by Stephen Morrison and Phillip Nieburg, CSIS
The unusual clinical characteristics of the H1N1 virus and the uncertainties about H1N1 vaccine production have brought home powerfully the unpredictability -- the “slippery” nature -- of influenza virus and of the vaccines designed to reduce its disease burden. And it has revealed the complexities and risks in making numerical projections, amid great uncertainty, and communicating them effectively to the American people.
As of October 17, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) have reported that more than 1,000 people in the U.S., almost 100 of them children have died from H1N1 (swine) flu virus. The number may be higher, but not all flu-associated deaths were tested for specific influenza type. Hospitals do not test every flu case, so there isn't an accurate count of the total number of infections. CDC Director Thomas Frieden estimated that many millions have already had H1N1 and over 20,000 have been hospitalized.
The President’s October 23rd Declaration of a National Emergency because of the H1N1 epidemic has raised both anxieties and additional questions about H1N1 influenza and about the H1N1 vaccine intended to protect us.
A formal declaration of a National Emergency provides Department of Health and Human Services Secretary Sebelius with the legal authority to relax federal administrative requirements so that hospitals facing large – and potentially overwhelming - numbers of swine flu patients may use alternative facilities for treating such patients or could more easily transfer them to other, less overburdened, hospitals.
This anticipatory step is reasonable, given the real possibility of an enlarged crisis, although it would be preferable to handle as a strictly administrative measure, free of the drama and anxiety created by the President directly engaging to declare an emergency. It is worth reexamining the legal requirements for a purely administrative declaration along with the strategy to communicate that decision.
The drama of that National Emergency announcement and of the growing H1N1 death and severe illness toll has been compounded by the inability of many people, including those in high-risk categories, to gain access to the H1N1 vaccine that they had been told would be available by now. The announcement earlier this month of significant delays in production – and resulting shortfalls, however temporary - of H1N1 (swine) influenza vaccine were frustrating and alarming to those who had been convinced by effective public health messages and by individual providers to believe that the disease risk was severe enough that they should be immunized soon. Communications, public expectations, and production shortfalls were in collision, generating considerable confusion and anxiety.
The current situation has arisen as a result of several technical glitches in vaccine production combined with over-optimism among those responsible for projecting vaccine production and availability.
The major technical glitch in recent months is that the virus being used to produce the H1N1 vaccine has not been multiplying as quickly as expected in the chicken eggs used to incubate it. Since far less H1N1 virus than expected was becoming available to put into the vaccines, fewer vaccine doses could be produced.
Because the test material used to measure the amount of virus production has itself to be manufactured from scratch, using the same H1N1 flu virus stocks, it was only after that test material became available last month that the true magnitude of the shortfall became evident.
The United States has not experienced this level of public concern and uncertainty about influenza since 1976, when swine flu was last considered to be a major threat. Although influenza disease surveillance, anti-viral drugs and clinical care of ill people have all improved over the intervening 33 years, we still rely on an antiquated system of egg-based influenza vaccine production, with all of its uncertainties. A future policy priority should be accelerating technological improvements in vaccine production.
To learn more about H1N1's classification as a 'slippery disease' and the government's management of the 1976 swine flu scare, see Harvey Fineberg and Richard Neustadt's 1976 book The Swine Flu Affair: Decision-Making on a Slippery Disease.
Image courtesy Samantha Celera
Related Content
Permalink | Comments | Post to Facebook Digg This Tweet This Post to Technorati
Categories: Infectious Disease, Pandemic PreparednessMay Theme Of The Month: Movie Mayhem!
Entering is easy:
- Submit a funny or interesting story about this month’s theme: Movie Mayhem. Share a story about how your bad customer experience can relate to the movies!
- At the end of the month, we’ll feature our favorite Theme Of The Month stories in a roundup!Not a current user? Sign up now!
Only in Ireland!This rather unique scaffolding set-up was spotted on Main Street in Waterville, County Kerry on Thursday.Yes, those are kegs being used to support the structure. Hopefully they're emptied already! Would you climb up there?
Signup to our newsletter today, and get a chance to win two tickets to Ireland!
Draw end on June 30. Don't Irish Goodbye...
No thank you - I am not interestedOriginal URL:
Web sites pool information on US attacks
Compile survivor lists
Posted in Assault on America, 12th September 2001 12:18 GMT
Following yesterday's terrorist attacks in New York and Washington DC a number of Web sites have sprung up to help survivors inform friends and relatives that they are okay.
The World Trade Center Information site at) provides links to a number of sites where databases of survivors are being compiled.
Among them are the I'm OK Message Center and the World Trade Center Survivor Database.
Other sites house bulletin boards for people trying to track down friends and relatives they believe might have been caught up in yesterday's attack.
The site also contains links to lists of confirmed fatalities.
However, the work of those trying to compile the list of survivors is being hampered by some people who are posting false information. ®
Assault on America: complete coverage"I was my first experience with Tinyprints...I was impressed by the quality of the product and by the service provided."
"I love TinyPrint. The Cards are so easy to edit and add your own touch. The one I made was for my daughters graduation and everyone who has received it has raved. Love the product and the company!"St. Mike's earns signature early season win
Purple Knights upset Franklin Pierce on men's side, fall in OT in women'sUPDATED 7:21 AM EST Nov 21, 2013post a comment
Purple Knights double header on the court.
Video Transcript
- Advertising
TEAMS TO OPEN NE-10 PLAY TONIGHT...ST MIKES HOSTING 23RD RANKED FRANKLIN PIERCE ... Ravens jumped out to a 10-0 lead...JAMES CAM-BRONNE lit the fire for the Purple Knights...Hard move down low for 2... Other end, ANDRE BLACK-WOOD good from long range..gives them a 10 point lead... 8 minutes later... COREY CRAWFORD calls his own number... Strong take off the dribble, kisses it off the window...st mike's still trailed by 11.. The Purple Knights leaned on CAMBRONNE most of the night... The big man shows his range...He had a team high 17 to ignite the offense... Following him up was MIKE HOLTON JR...who eclipsed 1,000 points over the weekend and shows why with the one handed finger roll high off the glass.. A STRONG SECOND HALF PROPELLS THE PURPLE KNIGHTS TO THE UPSET, THEIR FIRST CONFERENCE WIN, AND FIRST 5-0 START SINCE THE 2000-2001 SEASON... THE LADY PURPLE KNIGHTS KICKED OFF THE DOUBLE HEADER EARLIER IN THE EVENING... 2nd half, Franklin Pierce pulling away... BRITTANY MAR-TELLE with 3 of her 22... Purple Knights trailed by as many as 22 in the 2nd half... But they caught fire late...ALEXA LONG with 2 of her game high 25 points... Then it's MAKENZIE BURUD working hard down low...Off the window...brought it within 4 points... Moments later, MAGGIE SABINE pulls off the 360 lay-in...Down to 2 points with 2 min to go... Both teams went back and forth...closing seconds, INDIRA EVORA gets a shot off...The bank is open and we are headed to overtime tied at 64... But the miracle run couldn't carry into the extra session... The Ravens got hot in the final 5 minutes and go on to win 75-69 ... STILL TO COME NORWICH
- More Video
CommentsThe views expressed are not those of this site, this station or its affiliated companies. By posting your comments you agree to accept our terms of use.blog comments powered by Disqus
- Most Popular
- Advertising
- Latest from WPTZ
- AdvertisingBest BetsInstablogs are Seeking Alpha's free blogging platform customized for finance, with instant set up and exposure to millions of readers interested in the financial markets. Publish your own instablog in minutes.
Edit, (NYSE:PEP), Altria (NYSE:MO) and Hasbro (NASDAQ:HAS) are holding strong above their 50-day moving averages.
Growth Stock breakouts on Akamai (NASDAQ:AKAM), Affymax (OTCPK:AFFY) and Maidenform Brands (NYSEIce cream for supper
They're all packing up, the party weekend is nearly over, the air will shortly be filled with 'goodbyes' and the coming week beckons me. "Hello," it seems to be saying to me. "Have you got an answer to the question everyone asks?"
They're all packing up, the party weekend is nearly over, the air will shortly be filled with 'goodbyes' and the coming week beckons me. "Hello," it seems to be saying to me. "Have you got an answer to the question everyone asks?"
And the question? The question is: "Okay, your last day of work has come and gone, now - what are you going to do, now that you're retired? What are you going to do? What are you going to do?" Everyone wants to know.
Every person who has ever retired has likely been asked the same question: "What are you going to do with yourself?" It's like THE standard question. People who have already retired don't ask; they either already have the answer, or they're pretty good at pretending that they do.
The truth of the matter is, I don't know. As much as I'd like to pop right back with a forthright answer, like, I'm going fishing every day (which I'm not), or, I'm going to take up my hobbies full time (which I'm not, there are too many of them, that would be as much like work as work), or, I'm going to build a rocket ship and go to Mars (some folks suspect that I'm from there and need to go back), or, I'm going to get up Monday morning and figure it out. (That's not the answer I give them; they need more assurance than that.)
People younger than I am are the ones who most seem to need an answer to this question. They seem to be just a bit insecure about the whole retirement thing. The middle-aged ones? They look at me and say, "Oh, I'm so jealous."
Really? How jealous are you? Jealous enough to trade me my age for yours? Hmmmmm? Sometimes I use that reply, and then they stumble a bit as they detect a certain jealousy on my part about them being younger, and able to eat stuff I can't, and do stuff I can't, and stay up later than I can. Then they don't feel quite so bad about finding someone with what must be very attractive life goals waiting for them the Monday after they retire.
Maybe I should make up some stuff to tell them. Like, I'm going to carve a half-scale model of the Queen Mary cruise ship; if I get started Monday, I'll be done by the time I'm a hundred and two.
Maybe there's nothing crazy enough to really satisfy them. Maybe I have to move this into the shock category. What am I going to do? Well, Monday, I've got an appointment with NASA; they need someone older to launch into space with their new magnetic thrust earth ejection technique. I'll mumble something about older cells having more resistance to magnetic fields of force. Then I'll say, too bad you're not old enough yet.
"Really?" They might say.
No, not really. I don't know what I'm going to do. Maybe not get out of bed all day, and then eat ice cream for supper.
Maybe I should say: I'm going to get a sex change operation. See what it feels like to enjoy hot baths, spa weekends and basting myself with every cosmetic product on the market, which is what I've been watching women do my whole life. I'm a bit jealous. So. Hit me up with a big dose of estrogen; I'll go out painting my toenails and feeling the giddy elation that seems to strike women when they chemically coat themselves.
Men rarely feel that elation. Well, that's not true. You hook a six-pound walleye on a light rig, and there's about thirty seconds of pure rapture, so condensed and impactful that it comes and goes while you're holding your breath, while you're wondering if the line is going to break or if this is the time you get that fish into the boat.
OK. That cuts it. Come Monday, I'm going fishing.
Don't ask.
I hope they bite at noon, cause that's when I'm getting out of bed.It' an awesome beach just few steps away from the city with a forest behind it. Lovely place where you can spend the whole day and take a rest in the forest during the most hot...
read more
This is one of the best beaches I've ever visited. Miles of white sandy beach, a gently sloping sea makes for a great and safe family beach location. Lots of snack bars and umbrellas along the beach mean you can literally stay all day. Heaven!
Beautiful beach which can be accessed through a pine forest - this gives some lovely shade if required!
It' an awesome beach just few steps away from the city with a forest behind it. Lovely place where you can spend the whole day and take a rest in the forest during the most hot hrs. A place you can not miss in your tour in Alghero.
Wow, in the middle of the Forest ! Great place to give a dive when in Alghero! Nice Restaurants in the Surrondings!
We visited the beach in July and we did not wanted to spend more then 30 minutes here because of the crowded beach. We did not find a spare place so we just changed to swimwear and took a bath before we drove further to Lazzaretto beach who was much nicer. The water was dirty and not very tempting .....
More
there
Register now for free — and start getting automatic notification of new reviews, responding to traveler feedback, adding new photos to your listing and much more.When Kevin and I first saw the Lenovo ThinkPad X100e in Vegas earlier this year, I was impressed with the small size of the notebook. I didn’t get much time with the X100e at that time, so I figured that Lenovo had taken a few compromises to get the littlest ThinkPad as small as it did. A pretty red unit showed up at Mobile Tech Manor early this morning, and after spending a few hours looking for a compromise in the X100e, I have to admit that I have been unable to find one so far.
The X100e is infringing on netbook territory given the 11.6-inch screen and relatively low starting price of $449. It firmly leaves the netbook in the dust through stellar performance and with the beautiful, 1366×768 high-res screen. Throw in a trackstick and multitouch trackpad on top of the full ThinkPad build quality and you leave the netbook world far behind.
The evaluation unit supplied by Lenovo is configured as follows:
- CPU: AMD Athlon Neo MV-40, 1.6 GHz
- Memory: 2 GB (4 GB max.)
- Storage: 320 GB (5,400 rpm)
- Display: 11.6-inch, 1366×768 resolution
- Camera: low-light capable, 0.3 megapixel
- Graphics: ATI Radeon HD3200 integrated, maximum external resolution 2048×1536
- Battery: 6-cell, rated at 5 hour
- Communications: 802.11 b/g/n Wi-Fi; Bluetooth 2.1; 3G optional (not on the evaluation unit)
- Ports: 3-USB 2.0 (one powered), VGA out, LAN, 4-in-1 card reader slot, audio in/out combo jack
- OS: Microsoft Windows 7 Professional
- Dimensions: 11.1 x 8.2 x 0.6 – 1.2 inch; 3.3 lbs.
In an effort to keep the X100e price down, Lenovo went with the AMD Neo processor. After using the notebook for over three hours, I am pleased with the system performance using this processor. It is faster than any netbook I have used, and as fast as many “full” notebooks. The only question I have about the AMD processor is how it will affect the battery life. Lenovo rates the 6-cell battery at 5 hours, but after 2 hours heavy use with good power management I only used 20% of the battery. This may be the one case where the OEM battery estimation is actually conservative.
The X100e has no optical drive, because there is no room for one. The keyboard is typical ThinkPad, and that’s to die for. It is also spill-resistant, a nice value. The touchpad is very pleasant to use, and even though I prefer tracksticks, I find myself switching half and half between the two input methods. The touchpad accepts multitouch gestures, making it very useful. Both the touchpad and the trackstick have two mouse buttons each.
It’s too early to make an in-depth evaluation, but I have yet to find anything I don’t like about the ThinkPad X100e. It is as portable as can be, yet provides a complete mobile computing experience. When you realize it is a full ThinkPad, with the build quality that comes with that — you understand the value of the X100e.
- 1 / 15ThinkPad X100e
- 2 / 15ThinkPad X100e
- 3 / 15CIMG2134
- 4 / 15ThinkPad X100e front
- 5 / 15ThinkPad X100e closeup
- 6 / 15ThinkPad X100e right
- 7 / 15ThinkPad X100e left
- 8 / 15ThinkPad X100e power
- 9 / 15ThinkPad X100e VGA out
- 10 / 15ThinkPad X100e bottom
- 11 / 15ThinkPad X100e touchpad
- 12 / 15ThinkPad X100e open
- 13 / 15ThinkPad X100e right open
- 14 / 15ThinkPad X100e profile
- 15 / 15ThinkPad X100e keyboard
Related research on GigaOM Pro (sub req’d):
Better Battery Life Motivates Mobile ChipmakersTech Consumer Advice
It's free to register, to post a question or to start / join a discussion
Indian call centres keep calling me and saying I have errors
« previous 1 2 3 next » October 7, 2011 at 6:56PM
"I lead a sad life!"
Indeed you do.
Deliberately prolonging a call with a person who is trying a scam on you achieves nothing, except wasting a bit of your time. Far better just to ring off without saying anything as soon as you recognise what's happening.
Likes # 0
Posted October 7, 2011 at 7:26PM
FE - I disagree! I let them waste their time...and give them a chance to improve their command of the English language, they, then, thinking that they have me 'hooked', I tell them I don't have a computer.They then hang up on me.I had one such call ten minutes ago.I wish there were sticky fly-paper traps for 'pesky' Indian' phone-callers.
Likes # 0
Posted October 8, 2011 at 9:23AM
Yes, if you have time, wind em up, more fun.
Likes # 0
Posted October 8, 2011 at 9:31AM
FE - The point is, it's their time I'm wasting as well as mine and like others who agree with me have said............If it winds them up....so what, it's a bit of fun.
Likes # 0
Posted October 8, 2011 at 10:13AM
"If it winds them up.....so what, it's a bit of fun"
Which is very true, but you should also consider that people are trying to make a living out of this, possibly irrespective of the annoyance that they are providing to others.
Personally I use to believe (up to a very short time ago)in just replacing the receiver on the telephone, but it is now getting to the stage of receiving unsolicited calls, that it is now becoming past the joke stage. If its not calls from claims advisers, who it would appear have been sold your details by an insurance company or other method, then its calls that seemingly cannot be traced, because the number as been withheld. Everyday at our home,between the hours of 9.30am to 8.30pm, not Sundays though, we seem to have a number of messages left on the answer machine if we are not there, or alternatively pre-recorded messages giving instructions, including how to stop these calls. Nothing ever seems to work though, and the nuisance calls still continue!.
A year or so ago, I have a friend who managed to trace the CEO personal details of one of these companies, because he had been constantly 'targeted' by that persons company, and no matter how he tried he just couldn't stop the calls. He then commenced phoning the CEO, only to be warned "that legal action would be taken against him", because the CEO didn't like what my friend was doing. It didn't take long for those 'nuisance' calls from the company to cease, 'after a few discussions'. But isn't it pathetic when you need go to those extremes, in resolving an issue, not of your making?.
Likes # 0
Posted October 8, 2011 at 10:44AM
"If it winds them up....so what, it's a bit of fun."
That's the kind of remark that demonstrates a complete lack of understanding of the point.
Nuisance calls are indeed a real irritation, but having 'fun' at the expense of the person you speak to is just plain silly. The individual on the other end of the line in this situation is usually doing the job he or she is being paid to do. The real perpetrators of the scam have no contact with you, and are probably sitting at home relaxing at the time.
Just put the phone down, and get on with something more worthwhile than playing silly games with someone on another continent.
Likes # 0
Posted October 8, 2011 at 5:18PM
Nah, they know exactly they're doing, and deserve all the crap that comes their way for trying to rip us off.
Likes # 0
Posted October 8, 2011 at 6:07PM
FE - you said,Just put the phone down, and get on with something more worthwhile than playing silly games with someone on another continent. That's exactly what you should be saying to the unwanted 'cold callers' from INDIA.
Likes # 0
Posted October 8, 2011 at 11:34PM
AitchBEE
What I should be doing with the unwanted cold-callers, whether they are in India or anywhere else, is the one thing that works better than anything else - I should ignore them, put the phone down on them and get on with my life, instead of indulging in immature games on the phone with them.
Sensible adults don't get their fun by winding up other people on the phone.
Likes # 0
Posted October 11, 2011 at 4:34PM
The last one who rang me, I was able to keep him on the phone for 24 minutes, then I got bored and Told him I use a Linux distro and I could not interpret his reply, but it did the trick, I have not had any more phone calls from them.
To the Forum editor, yes it may be childish to prat them about, but I am sick of unsolicited phone calls and as we are ex directory, they should not be able to get our phone number let alone inconvenience us with unwanted calls.
«NEWS & ADVICE
DRAFT PREP
Shots on Goal: Early Look - Northeast Division
by Peter Maingot, RotoWire.com
The NHL landscape has changed drastically over the past nine weeks. This nine.
Boston Bruins
Departures: Tim Thomas (sabbatical), Joe Corvo, Benoit Pouliot, Brian Rolston, Greg Zanon
Arrivals: Chris Bourque
Knocking: Dougie Hamilton, Matt Bartkowski, Jamie Arniel, Ryan Spooner, Jared Knight
Projected Top Three Lines:
Milan Lucic - David Krejci - Nathan Horton
Brad Marchand - Patrice Bergeron - Tyler Seguin
Jordan Caron - Chris Kelly - Rich Peverley
The first line features elite power forward Milan Lucic (26 goals/135 PIMs) and the 2011 Stanley Cup Playoffs scoring leader David Krejci at center with Nathan Horton penciled in as the No. 1 right wing. The caveat with Horton (17 goals in 46 games) is that he missed the Bruins' last 36 regular season games and seven playoff games last season with a "mild" concussion. He's supposed to be good to go for training camp but drafting him comes with a sizeable amount of risk, as he was also knocked out of the Stanley Cup Finals in June, 2011 with a concussion.
The second line has Patrice Bergeron (22 goals/64 points) centering Brad Marchand (28 goals/55 points) and last season's leading scorer Tyler Seguin (29 goals/67 points). Seguin would be the one brought up to the first line if Horton succumbs to injury again while third line right winger Rich Peverley (42 points in 57 games) would slide up to the second line. Opportunity knocks for a young Bruins prospect to become a top nine regular, as the Bruins did not sign a top nine forward in free agency and also did not elect to retain Benoit Pouliot nor Brian Rolston. Only center Chris Kelly and Peverley return to the third line. The leading contender is Jordan Caron, the Bruins' first round pick (25th overall) in 2009. Caron had 15 points in 48 games for the B's last season and 13 points in 17 games for their AHL team in Providence. The 21-year-old Caron will be challenged by prospects Ryan Spooner (2010 first-round) and Jared Knight (2010 second-round). Spooner scored 66 points in 57 OHL games last season then joined Providence for their last five games and scored four points. Spooner showed that he can put the puck in the net with 113 goals (259 points) in 230 OHL games but he'll need to add some muscle to his 5-10/172 frame. Knight is a little bigger than Spooner at 5-11/186 though not as prolific a scorer in junior (103 goals/209 points in 250 games) as him. Where Knight differentiates himself from Spooner is in postseason play. Knight scored 21 goals (34 points) in 47 playoff games during his OHL career while Spooner managed just five goals (11 points) in 18 games.
On the blueline the Bruins have an opening in their roster after the top five of Zdeno Chara, Dennis Seidenberg, Johnny Boychuk, Andrew Ference, and Adam McQuaid. Dougie Hamilton is expected to land the sixth spot. Hamilton, the B's first-round selection chosen ninth overall in 2011, is a smooth skating 19-year-old with size (6-5, 200). Hamilton was chosen the outstanding defenseman in all of Canadian junior hockey in 2011-12 and did he earn it: 17 goals and 72 points in 50 OHL games followed by eight goals and 23 points in 20 OHL playoff games. If you add in the six games that he played for Team Canada at the 2012 World Junior Championships, Hamilton scored 27 goals and 77 assists for 104 points in 76 games this past year with an amazing plus-59.
Next in line on the depth chart is Aaron Johnson, who will likely stick as the seventh defenseman. Johnson, who was signed by the Bruins as a free agent in July to a two-way contract, played in 56 games for Columbus last season. After Johnson on the depth chart it's Matt Bartkowski, a 24-year-old with two AHL seasons under his belt and 45 points in 118 games with 80 PIMs.
Tim Thomas is taking the year off and relaxing in Colorado so Tuukka Rask becomes the No. 1 goalie. The 25-year-old Finn has never played in more than 45 NHL games in one season with a professional high of 57 games played in the AHL back in 2008-09. However, his 102 NHL career starts come with heady peripherals: a 2.20 GAA, a .926 SV % and 11 shutouts. His backup is expected to be Anton Khudobin. Khdobin has appeared in just seven career NHL games (5-1 with a 1.32 GAA, .961 SV %, and one shutout) but he has played in 156 AHL games (2.53 GAA and .912 SV %).
Buffalo Sabres
Departures: Derek Roy, Brad Boyes
Arrivals: Steve Ott, Adam Pardy
Youngster knocking: Luke Adam, Corey Tropp
Projected Top Three Lines:
Thomas Vanek - Tyler Ennis - Jason Pominville
Marcus Foligno - Cody Hodgson - Drew Stafford
Ville Leino - Steve Ott - Nathan Gerbe/Corey Tropp
The Sabres felt other teams took liberties with them too often last season (remember when Milan Lucic ran over Ryan Miller and he subsequently missed eight games with a concussion?) and management was determined to address the issue during the summer. Mission accomplished. They added left wing/center Steve Ott to play in their top nine and John Scott to add size and pugilistic skill to the fourth line. The cost, however, was high - they traded away former No.1 center Derek Roy to acquire Ott and depth defenseman Adam Pardy. Tyler Ennis, 23 in October, becomes the new No. 1 center with holdovers Tomas Vanek (26 goals/61 points) and Jason Pominville (30 goals/73 points) at their customary first line wing positions. Ennis' production last season, with 15 goals and 34 points in 48 games, projects to 26 goals and 58 points over an 82-game season.
The second line center will likely be Cody Hodgson, with Steve Ott his main competition. Hodgson didn't set the world on fire after his Feb. 27 trade from Vancouver. The 22-year-old had three goals and eight points in 20 games for Buffalo, with his combined totals a more impressive 19 goals and 41 points in 83 games. The second line wingers should be Drew Stafford (20 goals/50 points) and Marcus Foligno (six goals/13 points in 14 games). Stafford has averaged 26 goals and 51 points over the past two seasons while Foligno, who turned 21 in August, was a late-season call up and made an immediate impact. Both wingers have good size - Stafford at 6-1, 216 and Foligno at 6-3, 222. Ott may not be the biggest player, at 6-0, 194, but he plays a tough "in-your-face" tenacious brand of hockey. Ott also drops the gloves, with a total of 27 fights over the past three seasons combined. Last year Otter only fought six times, as Dallas was short of top six forwards for much of the season and had Krys Barch available for pugilistic activity. Ott has averaged 15 goals and 36 points with 164 PIMs over his last three seasons. Ott's wingers will include Ville Leino, who is coming off a brutal eight-goal/25-point first season in Buffalo after racking up 19 goals and 53 points the year before for Philadelphia. The third line right wing will be one of Nathan Gerbe or Corey Tropp. Gerbe had 25 points last season in 62 games for Buffalo while Tropp had eight points in 34 games for Buffalo. Tropp spent the rest of the year playing for their farm team in Rochester potting nine goals and 22 points in 27 AHL games. Another Sabres prospect who could crack the top nine is Luke Adam. The 22-year-old Adam played 52 games for Buffalo last season, scoring 10 goals and 20 points. Adam has size (6-2, 210), can play left wing or center, and has scored both in junior (49 goals in 56 games in 2009-10) and also at the AHL level (29 goals in 57 games in 2010-11).
Before moving on to the defense, we'd be remiss if we didn't mention the Sabres' first round pick this past June, Mikhail Grigorenko. Grigorenko was a top-3 talent heading into the draft but his stock fell over KHL flight risk concerns. Grigorenko, drafted 12th overall, could make the Sabres out of training camp. He has the skill and the size, at 6-3/200, to play in the NHL now. Grigorenko played in the Quebec junior league as a 17-year-old last season and scored 40 goals and 85 points in 59 games. If he makes the team he'll probably center the third line with Ott on his left wing, watching his back.
Defensively, the Sabres have a nice group of puck moving defensemen, led by Christian Ehrhoff (32 points in 66 games), Tyler Myers (23 points in 55 games), and Jordan Leopold (24 points in 79 games). The ice time of this trio was very similar: Ehrhoff played 23:03 with 2:58 on the PP, Myers played 22:29 with 2:25 on the PP, and Leopold played 22:22 with 2:00 on the PP. The production and power play time drops off significantly after them with Andrej Sekera (19:36 of ice time, with 0:52 on the PP).
Robyn Regehr and Mike Weber round out the top six, with two others vying for Weber's spot, Alexander Sulzer and Adam Pardy. The Sabres have two good prospects on their farm team in Brayden McNabb and TJ Brennan. They will likely try to unload one of their depth defensemen after training camps open and the exhibition season starts.
Ryan Miller won 31 games last season, his lowest win total since the 2005-06 season. His other numbers were good: 2.54 GAA, .916 SV % and six shutouts. Backup goalie Jhonas Enroth was a disappointing 8-11-4 last year, after going 9-2-2 the year before. His 2.70 GAA was almost identical to the year before (2.73 GAA) while his save percentage improved nine points to .916.
Montreal Canadiens
Departures: Mathieu Darche, Chris Campoli
Arrivals: Brandon Prust, Colby Armstrong, Francis Bouillon
Knocking: Louis Leblanc, Alex Galchenyuk
Projected Top Three Lines:
Max Pacioretty - David Desharnais - Erik Cole
Alex Galchenyuk/Rene Bourque - Tomas Plekanec - Brian Gionta
Brandon Prust/Travis Moen - Lars Eller - Louis Leblanc/Colby Armstrong
Over the last two offseasons the Habs' forward ranks have been transformed from a smaller, more European dominated group to a larger, more North American unit. The first line features American power forwards Erik Cole (35 goals/61 points) and Max Pacioretty (33 goals/65 points) centered by French-Canadian David Desharnais (16 goals/60 points) while the second line also features two North American wingers, Brian Gionta and Rene Bourque, centered by Czech native Tomas Plekanec (17 goals/52 points). Gionta and Bourque are both looking to bounce back from disappointing seasons last year. Gionta missed 51 games due to injury and scored just 15 points in 31 games. Bourque had 18 goals and 34 points combined playing for both Calgary and Montreal last season, after scoring 27 goals and 50 points for Calgary in 2010-11. Bourque needs to be more physically engaged and use his big body (6-2, 212) more to create turnovers and opportunities in the enemy zone. Bourque recently underwent abdominal surgery (late August) and is expected to miss 8-to-12 weeks. Bourque's second line spot could be taken by rookie Alex Galchenyuk to start the season. Galchenyuk, the third player chosen in the 2012 NHL draft, is a natural center but he shoots left and could play left wing. Moreover, the Milwaukee-born son of former Belarus national team member George Galchenyuk has the size at 6-1, 200, to play in the NHL as an 18-year-old. Like any rookie he'll have to prove himself in training camp and exhibition play, especially since an injury kept him out for all but two games of the OHL season last year. Other second line left wing options could include Scott Gomez (yeesh) or temporarily converting third line center Lars Eller to the wing until Bourque returns, as the young Dane shoots left.
Newcomer Brandon Prust could energize the third line either at left wing, if he beats out Travis Moen, or at right wing, if they choose him over young prospect Louis Leblanc and/or fellow newcomer Colby Armstrong. Armstrong has missed a lot of hockey over the past two seasons with an assortment of injuries but he's still just 29. Armstrong has also shown some offensive ability previously - he's scored 15 goals or more in three of seven NHL seasons, which amounts to three times in the five seasons that he's played at least 47 games. One thing we can say with a fair amount of certainty is that the third line center will be Lars Eller (16 goals), if he's not moved to the second line as Bourque's fill-in.
On defense the Habs expect to have Andrei Markov and PK Subban (36 points in 81 games) anchor the points on their first PP unit. Markov only played 13 games last year and represents a huge injury risk. The second unit's QB spots should go to Tomas Kaberle (22 points in 43 games for Montreal after his trade from Carolina) and Yannick Weber (18 points in 60 games). Kaberle is first in line to replace Markov when his next injury hits. Josh Gorges is a top pairing defenseman while Alexei Emelin quickly made a positive impact last year in his rookie season displaying a physicality rarely seen on the Habs' blueline of late. The Habs also brought back Francis Bouillon from Nashville as a free agent. Cube has played nine of his 12 seasons in the league for Montreal and, like Emelin, brings a physical dimension. The Habs also have depth in Rafael Diaz. Diaz, like Weber a Swiss native, saw his first NHL action last season when the Habs' defense was ravaged by injury. Diaz had 16 points with 30 PIMs and was a minus-7 in 69 games. Frederic St. Denis also played 17 games and provides further depth on the farm.
Carey Price had 12 less wins last season than he did in 2011-12, going 26-28-11, yet his goals against only went up eight points and his save percentage only dropped seven points. The difference was the team in front of him. The defense was riddled with injuries last season and the offense basically had one scoring line because of injuries to their captain Gionta and the ineffectiveness of Bourque after his arrival from Calgary. Both the defense and offense look to be a little better heading into the new season. Peter Budaj will once again be the No. 2 goalie. Last season Budaj started 17 games, going 5-7-5 with a solid 2.55 GAA and .913 SV %.
Ottawa Senators
Departures: Nick Foligno, Filip Kuba, Zenon Konopka, Matt Carkner, Bobby Butler
Additions: Guillaume Latendresse, Marc Methot, Jakob Silfverberg, Mika Zibanejad
Knocking: Mika Zibanejad, Robin Lehner
Projected Top Three Lines:
Milan Michalek - Jason Spezza - Jakob Silfverberg
Guillaume Latendresse - Kyle Turris - Daniel Alfredsson
Colin Greening - Peter Regin/S. Da Costa/ Mika Zibanejad - Erik Condra/Mark Stone
The Senators top line is led by center Jason Spezza (34 goals/84 points) and Milan Michalek (35 goals/60 points). Their right wing is expected to be Swedish rookie Jakob Silfverberg. Silfverberg absolutely owned the Swedish Elite League (SEL) last season, winning both the regular season and postseason outstanding player awards. Of course, that means nothing if he doesn't have at least a half decent training camp. If Silfverberg falters the Sens could move up team captain Daniel Alfredsson from the second line or try either rookie Mika Zibanejad (chosen 6th overall in 2011) or fellow rookie Mark Stone. Zibanejad started last season with Ottawa as an 18-year-old but after nine games they decided to send him back to Sweden for another year of seasoning in the SEL. Zibanejad scored a modest 13 points in 26 games for Djurgarden IF. He acquitted himself exceedingly well, however, in the 2012 World Junior Championships for Sweden scoring the overtime winner in the gold medal game and leading his country to their first title in 31 years. Stone, a year older than Zibanejad, had a very productive final year of junior hockey scoring 40 goals and 123 points in 66 WHL games. Stone also scored seven goals and 10 points in six games for Team Canada at the World Juniors.
The second line left wing should start out as Guillaume Latendresse, a skilled forward who can't seem to stay healthy. The two-time 20-goal scorer has only played a total of 27 games over the past two seasons. It was a low cost signing for Ottawa that could pay off. Still just 25, Latendresse is a big body, at 6-2/230, who can finish - 33 goals in his last 82 games. Second line center Kyle Turris had 29 points in 49 games for Ottawa after his trade from Phoenix and is on the verge of a breakout, especially if he can play all year with skilled wingers like Alfredsson and Latendresse. If Latendresse gets hurt again, Colin Greening would get moved up. Greening, who has similar size to Latendresse, scored 17 goals and 37 points in his first full NHL season after splitting his first pro season between Ottawa and Binghamton of the AHL in 2010-11. Greening, a late bloomer at 26, has some upside - he scored 46 goals and 101 points in 106 games over his last three seasons at Cornell.
You may need a crystal ball to figure who the third line center will be before camp opens. There is oft-injured Peter Regin, the previously mentioned top prospect Zibanejad, and France native Stephane Da Costa. Regin has missed 99 games over the past two seasons due to shoulder injuries/surgeries. Regin, who finished the 2009-10 season strong with Ottawa then went on to post seven points in seven games for Denmark at the 2010 World Championships, may have to start the year in Binghamton as he only saw action in 10 games last year. Da Costa, a highly-touted free agent signing after two prolific seasons of college hockey, struggled for Ottawa (five points in 22 games) in his rookie pro season but then went on to produce for AHL Binghamton (36 points in 46 games) as well as for his country at the 2012 World Championships (six points in seven games). Erik Condra will need a strong training camp to hold off young right wings Silfverberg and Stone. Condra had a bad year last season with just eight goals and 25 points in 81 games after bagging six goals and 11 points in 26 games the year before.
Norris Trophy winner Erik Karlsson (78 points in 81 games!) and four-time All-Star Sergei Gonchar (37 points in 74 games) will QB the first PP unit. That's a no-brainer. What is less obvious is which defensemen play on the second power play unit. Filip Kuba was not re-signed. Chris Phillips no longer sees power play time and newcomer Marc Methot is not known as a power play point man. That leaves youngster Jared Cowan, 17 points in 82 games, as one possible point man on the second PP unit. Cowan was a fairly proficient defenseman in junior (48 points in 58 games in 2010-11). The other point spot on the second unit could be taken by whoever makes the team as the sixth defenseman. With Kuba history and Matt Carkner also gone there are spots open at No. 6 and No. 7. Mike Lundin, Patrick Wiercioch, Mark Borowiecki, and Cody Ceci are the combatants for the sixth and seventh spots. Lundin, 28 in September, has just 35 points in 241 career NHL games. Lundin saw only 17 games of NHL action last year for Minnesota due to a back injury and lower body injury. Lundin played 69 games for Tampa Bay in 2010-11 scoring only 12 points. The 6-4 Wiercioch played his first two pro seasons for Binghamton (20 points in 57 games last season) after an outstanding college career at the University of Denver where he amassed 18 goals and 62 points in 75 games. Borowiecki, 23, had 22 points in 73 games last year for Binghamton. Ceci is more of a long shot to make the team as an 18-year-old despite his first-round pedigree (taken 15th overall in 2012 NHL draft). Ceci could be a power-play specialist (60 points in 64 OHL games last year) if he has an impressive camp, as he certainly has pro size already (6-3/207).
Craig Anderson has three years left on his contract then the reigns will be handed over to either Ben Bishop or Robin Lehner. Anderson went 33-22-6 last season with a 2.84 GAA and .914 SV % along with three shutouts. With Kuba gone and Gonchar dodgy in his own end, the defense will need big seasons from Phillips, Methot and Cowan. Bishop is expected to be the backup. He appeared in 10 games for Ottawa last season posting a 3-3-2 record with an impressive 2.48 GAA along with a .909 SV %. Lehner will start the year in Binghamton but showed promise in his brief five-game spell in Ottawa last year - 3 wins, two losses, a 2.01 GAA, a .935 SV % and one shutout.
Toronto Maple Leafs
Departures: Luke Schenn, Colby Armstrong
Additions: James van Riemsdyk
Knocking: Nazem Kadri, Joe Colborne, Carter Ashton
Projected Top Three Lines:
Joffrey Lupul - James van Riemsdyk - Phil Kessel
Nikolai Kulemin - Mikhail Grabovski - Clarke MacArthur
Nazem Kadri/Matthew Lombardi - Tim Connolly - Tyler Bozak/Matt Frattin
The Leafs bring back most of their top nine forwards from last year but hope to have an upgrade at center in former Flyer James van Riemsdyk. JVR, who played left wing for Philadelphia but center for the University of New Hampshire, will start camp as the center for top scorers Joffrey Lupul (25 goals/67 points in 66 games) and Phil Kessel (37 goals/82 points in 82 games). Toronto's second line has been together for a while now. In fact, they were the Leafs' first line just two seasons ago. All three of them saw a drop in production year over year, especially Nikolai Kulemin, who plummeted to seven goals and 28 points in 70 games from 30 goals and 57 points in 82 games in 2010-11. Grabovski's drop wasn't so severe, going from 29 goals and 58 points in 2010-11, including 15 power-play points, to 23 goals and 51 points in 2011-12, with just 10 PP points. MacArthur dropped from 62 points to 43 points, but remained a 20-goal scorer.
The third line could be an all-center line, as both natural centers Matthew Lombardi and Nazim Kadri can also play left wing and will compete for the third-line left wing spot while Tim Connolly (13 goals/36 points in 70 games) will likely be the actual center on the line. Kadri, Toronto's first-round pick (7th overall) in 2009, spent most of last season in the AHL scoring 40 points in 48 games and scored five goals and seven points in 21 games for the Leafs. The third line right wing will be either another converted center in Tyler Bozek (18 goals/47 points) or intriguing prospect Matt Frattin. Frattin is still recovering from off-season knee surgery and won't be skating until mid September. He scored 14 goals and 18 points in 23 AHL games last year, his first as a pro, as well as eight goals and 15 points in 56 games for the Leafs. Frattin scored 47 goals and 79 points in his last 68 games for the University of North Dakota. Joe Colborne (16 goals/39 points in 65 AHL games last year) will need an injury to crack the top nine but he should get an opportunity at some point this fall.
Last year Dion Phaneuf enjoyed his best season since 2008-09 scoring 44 points in 82 games with 92 PIMs. John-Michael Liles, however, was a disappointment with only 27 points in 66 games and a minus-14 defensive rating. Liles' poor play resulted in him being usurped on the first power-play unit by fellow American Jake Gardiner (30 points in 75 games with a minus-2 rating). Cody Franson (21 points in 57 games) will probably play opposite Liles on the point on the Buds' second PP unit. Carl Gunnarsson had 19 points in 75 games and can also fill in on the second unit when the need arises. Mike Komisarek rounds out the top six while Mark Fraser should serve as the seventh D-man. German native Korbinian Holzer will be the first defenseman called up from their AHL farm team when injuries strike.
James Reimer regressed last season and he's expected to be challenged by prospect Ben Scrivens during training camp. Reimer went from 20-10-5 with a 2.60 GAA and a .921 SV % in 2010-11 to just 14-14-2 with a 3.10 GAA and a .900 SV % last season while Scrivens went 4-5-2 a 3.13 GAA and .903 SV %. Neither will amount to anything more than a No. 3 fantasy goalie in 2012-13.Gang Up With Something Awful!
We're The Street Weasels (ignore the panda bear) and we're taking the country by storm!
Since we're getting precariously close to the Halloween season, I had originally planned to write yet another fiendish article about spooks, specters, ghouls, and Internet advertising networks. However, as a wise man once said, "times change." He said that because times indeed do change and people don't refer to this person as "wise" for nothing, despite the fact that nobody knows who originally said this phrase. I'm guessing it was probably one of those Greek philosophers, like that guy who invented the triangle, the right angle, and the solar system. Dana Plato or whatever.
Anyway, I'd like to take this opportunity to introduce the newest member to the Something Awful family of consumer products and services, joining the critically-acclaimed "Spunky Suzy" doll (now with it's own spunk included!) and "The Riding Lawnmowers For Homeless Veterans" social program. We are proud to announce that Something Awful has created our own street gang, a rough-and-tumble collection of surly youths named "The Street Weasels." Our collection of irritable juvenile delinquents are just waiting to make the streets of your city a much better place, assuming your streets are currently a bunch of tall, deadly spikes that can only be walked on when enough street gang member corpses have been piled up on top of them.
In this scary and uncertain age of terrorism, many people have been expressing the desire to go back to "better times" when America didn't worry about the Taliban, hijacked airplanes, Anthrax, or Michael Jackson. A large number of people hail the mid 1950's as the "glory days" of the United States, a time when the populace was only concerned with trivial things such as what flavor ice cream to choose at the local malt shop, who to ask to the highschool prom, how to repress those bothersome negroes, and ways to shield your eyes when an atom bomb fell on your head. Since we're really terrible at the skill of slavery and we lack the finesse to dodge explosives, we decided to reproduce the next best thing from those times: the juvenile delinquent street gang. Our juvenile delinquents range from age 15 to 48, the acceptable range that was considered "teenage" back in the 50's.
Members of The Street Weasels take a break from leaning and instead look inside a parked car. We're flexible like that.
The Street Weasels are a gang of disenfranchised suburban white teenagers who have "had it" with "unhip" attitudes from their parents, teachers, and local news reporters. Our solution to all these problems involves us standing around various street corners while smoking cigarettes and leaning on walls. If there are no available walls nearby, a member of The Street Weasels will provide our own temporary wall to lean on. Like all "cool" jacket gangs, we have our own patch that makes our outfits distinctive and lets the entire world know that we are wearing a patch that makes our outfits distinctive. This patch has the words "STREET WEASELS" embroidered in a very scary font with a picture of a panda bear in the center. We had originally planned on putting a weasel there but we couldn't find a picture before the deadline to get the art to the printing place. We even used the Internet and everything, but we didn't use a search engine because search engines are for wimps and nerds. Cool people like us find what we're looking for by punching random words in the URL bar, and there were definitely no weasel pictures located at "." This patch might also work out if we decide to change our name to "The Chubby Homosexual Pandas" because then all we'll have to do is cross out the words next to the picture. If any rival gangs or city folk ask us why we're named "The Street Weasels" but have a picture of a panda on our jackets, we respond by saying, "what's it to you?" or "so's your old man!" We say "so's your old man!" in response to almost every question. Then we tilt our head back and look really smug. This is the way of the street gang, and I don't expect you to understand it, you square.
As one of the premier 1950's street gangs of the 2000's, The Street Weasels will provide all the top-notch quality you have grown to expect from 1950's juvenile delinquents. This includes, but is not limited to, the following exciting activities:
Standing around and making sweeping arm gesturesStanding around and making sweeping arm gestures
Punching one another and then laughingPunching one another and then laughing
Using a breadmaker and then rebelliously failing to unplug it after its useUsing a breadmaker and then rebelliously failing to unplug it after its use
Leaning on wallsLeaning on walls
SmokingSmoking
LoiteringLoitering
Advanced LoiteringAdvanced Loitering
Suddenly running from one location to another, as if to suggest we just committed a crime and had to flee the sceneSuddenly running from one location to another, as if to suggest we just committed a crime and had to flee the scene
Looking at women who pass by for some reasonLooking at women who pass by for some reason
Crossing our arms and squintingCrossing our arms and squinting
Talking about baseballTalking about baseball
Not doing math or calculating interests rates or sales taxNot doing math or calculating interests rates or sales tax
LEAN LIKE THE WIND, FELLAHS!
If you have rival gangs that are infesting your neighborhood, lowering the property value of your home by selling crack and worshipping Satan, The Street Weasels would love to help. Simply hire us for a weekend and we'll be happy to stand around outside your home, crossing our arms and looking tough while absorbing the first volley of gunfire directed at your home. We also do kids parties and bar mitzvahs. But don't take my word for it! Allow me to introduce a couple members of The Street Weasels and you will soon realize that we are in fact the best and most economical choice for your gang activity!
NAME: Joey "Double Dip" Malloy
AGE: 45
TURN ONS: Denim, changing spare tires, rotating the AM radio knob
TURN OFFS: The prom queen, cars that don't have flames painted on them, Mexicans
DESCRIPTION: Joey is one of the most dedicated Street Weasels gang members, having logged over 580 hours leaning up against a barber shop pole on 54th Street. He is experienced in talking while his body is slanted at a 70-degree angle, in addition to lighting cigarettes with little to no prior notice. Joey can lean in the foreground OR background of your city, presenting a wide array of potential uses. He comes wearing a plain white shirt, Street Weasels jacket, and a three day supply of hair lard grease (15,000,000 cans).
QUOTE: "Ain't nobody can gonna done be hittin' no 40 home runs a year! Pass me the smokes, Mikey!"
NAME: Kevin "Hipmaster" Bowen
AGE: 21
TURN ONS: Science, dark rooms, certain types of plywood
TURN OFFS: Social interaction, humans, sunlight
DESCRIPTION: Kevin is the "black sheep" of The Street Weasels, choosing brains over brawns. When one of The Street Weasels' high-tech gadgets or gizmos breaks, such as a baseball bat or pack of cigarettes, Kevin is called in to fix it. He does this by using a lot of electrical tape and sighing frequently. Although many of The Street Weasels have no problem getting dates on the weekends, Kevin's lack of social skills and geeky personality caused him to resort to more "scientific" means of finding a female companion: inventing a "love potion." However, once Rohypnol was declared illegal, Kevin's hopes faded. Kevin also wears a beanie and he will launch into a phlegm-induced coughing fit on demand.
QUOTE: "Ehhhhhhhh. Ehhhhh ehhh ehhhhhhhhh."
As you can see, our gang brings a breath of fresh air to these trying, nervous times. We'll restore America back to the classic grandeur that it once was, street corner by street corner. And if America can't have its grandeur restored by our methods of "smoking a lot" and "leaning on walls," then I'll be damned if I know what it will take to restore some grandeur. Probably a new coat of varnish. The Street Weasels don't do no painting, square!
ROM-Tastical!
Ooh la la, another ROM Pit Review? You got it! We're proud to present one of the absolute most flamingly homosexual games to ever hit the SNES: "Cho Aniki - Bakuretsu Rantou Hen"!.
Hot, hot mansex! Sounds good to me! Read the review there, bozo!
–.Before we even get started, I have to link you directly to Portero’s holiday customer service hours and closings over the next few days. Check here to make sure that there are no surprises when it comes to a purchase.
Now, back to fashion.
I’ve been looking through the runway shows for Spring 2009, and some fantastic looks immediately popped out at me. After then searching Portero’s vast inventory, I was able to choose a collection of fabulous items that will make you perfectly on-trend for the upcoming season. We highlighted them all on this week’s homepage — just in time for the new year. Want to create a whole new you for 2009? Here’s a few no-fail ways to capture a designer look while saving money:
Oversized Necklaces. The image above is from Vera Wang, a woman who truly loves her statement necklaces. She personally owns a large collection of costume and vintage pieces, and she sent many of her models down the runway with designs that were dramatic in scale.
Printed Totes. While every lady loves a supple leather handbag, this might just be the season for alternate materials. Eye-catching prints adorned many totes on the Spring ’09 runway, like this Miss Sixty ensemble. This leaves room for unusual bags in your wardrobe, whether painted canvas or brightly-colored embroidery.
Bold Bracelets. Marc Jacobs overloaded his models with thick bangles, and this is a look that will gain steam throughout the year. You can choose the style that works for you, whether natural materials like wood or more heavily-adorned gemstone pieces.
Modern Bohemian. While Anna Sui, above, is the master of this genre, other designers like DVF are getting in on the look this season. Dress up a similar outfit with a pair of dangly earrings accented with gemstones. These styles are not too refined, but they also aren’t over the top.
Customer Service holiday hours:
December 31st from 8 AM to 1 PM
Live Chat
Telephone 877-307-3767
Portero’s offices are closed:
January 1-2
As a result, our shipping cut off times during the holiday weeks are provided below:
Week of December 29 – All orders paid by 1:00 p.m. ET, Monday, December 29 through Wednesday, December 31 will ship the same day. Orders paid after 1:00p.m. ET, Wednesday, December 31 will ship on Monday, January 5.
images via Style.com>> Trinidad and Tobago Trinidad and Tobago tomorrow at Queen’s Park Oval. Today, Trinidad and Tobago will play against Combined Campuses and Colleges with the winner of that match qualifying for the semi-finals later this week.
JOIN THE DISCUSSION
Dos and Donts
Welcome to our discussion forum here on nationnews.com. We encourage lively debate, but we also urge you to take note of the following:Ryan Giggs says Louis Van Gaal has no fear about taking over at Manchester United, as he revealed the Dutchman is already making his mark at Old Trafford.
Giggs, now assistant manager, said Van Gaal left the pre-season schedule for his coaching team to put into action when the squad returned this week, despite being preoccupied with leading Holland to the World Cup semi-final.
The new manager met Giggs before the tournament, with the Welshman revealing he could sense the excitement and determination in Van Gaal to rebuild after a disappointing last season following Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement.
Giggs was speaking as United announced 'Reunited' - a pre-season fixture with Valencia at Old Trafford on Tuesday, Aug 12. The visit of the La Liga side will be Van Gaal's first home game since taking charge.
"Like everyone would expect he has a clear philosophy and he sticks to that philosophy," said Giggs.
"He won't be afraid to take over Manchester United. He will relish it and look forward to it. He has been at Barcelona and been at Bayern Munich, been at big clubs and in my mind Manchester United is the biggest. He is not scared about the challenge.
"He is not apprehensive. He can't wait and he has got the experience. It won't be easy and it never is. The Premier League is a difficult league to win but I was excited by how clear and forthright he was and what he expects from the players."
The Van Gaal blueprint is already being put into operation by a new coaching team including Giggs, Albert Stuivenberg and Marcel Bout.
"Everything has been planned through Louis, Albert and Marcel," said Giggs.
"The blueprint has been prepared by Louis and we have been following his plans. It will be sometime in the middle of next week when he is here.
"I'm very excited. Obviously it's a very different pre-season for me. There is a lot of hard work for the players but not for me. I'm stood on the sidelines now. I got a taste of it towards the end of last season but I'm looking forward to working with Louis and proud to be assistant manager.
"We spoke a few times and exchanged emails. It's been hard but we have been in contact. The preparations have gone well. He will be joining us next week and he will get to meet the players. It has excited everyone. He has mixed up his formations and juggled the players. I'm sure he would have liked to go further but to get out the group he was in was an achievement.
"Obviously he will be disappointed going out (to Argentina) but it's been a fantastic campaign starting with a fantastic result no one could foresaw to beat Spain 5-1. That was the stand out performance of the tournament and it was great to see him doing so well.
"It's not ideal because you want all your players and manager there but it can be like this in a World Cup year. The difference is the manager involved in the World Cup this time. Within a week we will be all together. He will get to know the players and they will get to know him."
United have already signed Luke Shaw and Anders Herrera, but Giggs anticipates plenty more transfer activity.
"We met at the end of last season and went through players who are here and he likes," he said.
"I get to know the players we are looking at but some of them could still be part of the World Cup or have just gone out and are on holiday. We are all pulling in the right direction and we need to do that to get back to the top.
"Basically it was just a couple of hours I spent with him going through the players at the club - those going and maybe those coming in. It was just a chance to hear how he works and what he expects and for me to give an insight on Manchester Unitedd and anything I could help him with. There was no dwelling on last season.
"I am one to look forward and that's what we will try tooriginally posted by: anonentity
the legislation revoking the Charter has never been changed, so legally N.Z.is still administered from Australia.
New Zealand, originally part of the colony of New South Wales, became a separate Colony of New Zealand on 1 July 1841.[43] The colony gained a representative government in 1852 and the 1st New Zealand 1893 the country became the first nation in the world to grant all women the right to vote[47] and in 1894 pioneered the adoption of compulsory arbitration between employers and unions.[48]
originally posted by: Shoujikina
Its "I couldnt care less" not "I could care less".
Actually, it's "I couldn't care less", not "I couldnt care less". There is such a thing as punctuation.
Also, it's "It's", not "Its". There is such a thing as apostrophe.Trinity Conception RCMP officers seized a quantity of marijuana, weigh scales, a cell phone and related drug paraphernalia early this morning as a result of a search of a residence on Patrick Street in Carbonear.
As a result, the RCMP says a 22-year-old Carbonear man is facing a charge of possession of cannabis marijuana for the purpose of trafficking. He was released from custody and is scheduled to appear in Harbour Grace provincial court on April 16.Corporate
Planners and executives looking for alternatives to a typical hotel setting will delight in this corporate venue with the facilities offered.
Our team of talented professionals will make planning your next conference or meeting simple, personal and convenient. Springfort Hall Hotel features three meeting rooms, 2 board rooms and 2 conference rooms, all with natural light and modern equipment, corporate bedrooms and complimentary wifi in all meeting rooms and bedrooms.
Below, you will find links to provide you with all the information you need to begin planning your next event.
MEETING ROOMS
3 rooms available in ‘The Cottage’ – Capacity Ranging from 1:1 to 8
BOARDROOMS
2 available in Main House – Capacity 20
CONFERENCE ROOMS
Banqueting Hall – Up to 360 Theatre Capacity & 180 Classroom Capacity
Downstairs – Up to 80 Theatre Capacity & 50 Classroom Capacity
……………………………………….
If you would like to talk to us about planning your next business meeting or corporate, please call 022 21278 or email conference@springfort-hall.com
Description of nosocomial infection prevention practices by anesthesiologists in a University Hospital
Daniel KishiI; Rogério Luiz da Rocha Videira, TSAII
IAnesthesiologist
IIAnesthesiologist of HC da FM/USP
SUMMARY
BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: Anesthesiologists play an important role in the prevention of nosocomial infections. In anesthetic practice, physiologic barriers are routinely breached, allowing patient contamination with microorganisms and the consequent development of infection. The lack of adhesion to recommended practices can facilitate transmission of microorganisms. It is important to describe prophylactic practices of anesthesiarelated nosocomial infections performed by anesthesiologists.
METHODS: Structured questionnaires were distributed to be answered voluntarily and anonymously by anesthesiologists.
RESULTS: Among 112 anesthesiologists, 75% answered the questionnaire. Surgical mask is used by 95.2% of anesthesiologists, 96.3% wear gloves frequently, 98.9% wear sterile gloves for neuraxial block, 91.3% use sterile technique for central venous puncture, 95.1% wash their hands between cases, 91.6% try to maintain the endotracheal tube sterile, 96.3% discard the prefilled propofol syringe at the end of each anesthesia, 30% clean the vials before using it in the neuraxial blocks, and 19.8% clean the vials before intravenous use.
CONCLUSIONS: Respondents showed good adhesion to practices of nosocomial infection prophylaxis and to improve them educational multidisciplinary campaigns are necessary.
Keywords: Infection Control; Universal Precautions; Asepsis; Anesthesia.
INTRODUCTION
Anesthesiologists play an important role in the prevention of nosocomial infections. In anesthetic practice, invasive procedures that breach physiologic barriers, such as tracheal intubation, venous access, or neuraxial blocks are routinely performed allowing contamination of patients with microorganisms and development of infection. Non-adhesion to recommended practices can facilitate transmission of microorganisms from the anesthesiologist to the patient, from the patient to the anesthesiologist, and between patients 1.
Hygiene practices of professionals, adequate cleaning of equipment, and adequate execution of invasive procedures are among important aspects for the reduction of the risk of transmission of infections 2.
Hygiene practices related to the anesthetic procedures have been investigated in different countries, such as United States, United Kingdom, New Zealand, and France 3-6.
METHODS
After approval by the Institutional Ethics Committee of the Hospital das Clínicas of Faculdade de Medicine of Universidade de São Paulo, questionnaires were distributed to anesthesiologists who work in the operating suite of the Instituto Central of that hospital.
The questionnaire was translated and freely adapted from prior studies on prevention of perioperative infections 4,5 and it was voluntarily and anonymously answered by anesthesiologists (Questionnaire).
One hundred and twelve questionnaires were distributed to anesthesiologists between September 2007 and August 2008.
Anesthesiologists from the Anesthesiology Division of the Hospital das Clínicas de São Paulo were included in this study as, a convenient, non-random population.
Exclusion criteria were: 1. Anesthesiologists who are not routinely involved in intraoperative care of surgeries conducted at the operating suite; 2. Refusal to answer the questionnaire or to sign the informed consent.
RESULTS
Out of the 112 questionnaires distributed, 84 were answered, which indicates that 75% of the professionals participated in the study. Routine use of eye protection was reported by 21.2% of anesthesiologists, while 95.2% always or frequently wear a surgical mask; 96.3% wear general procedure gloves, while 84.1% use them for venous cannulation; 98.8% wear sterile gloves for the neuraxial block, and 87% wear them for peripheral nerve blocks. Sterile technique including hand washing, mask, headwear, sterile gown, and sterile glove was reported by 91.3% of anesthesiologist (Table I).
Ninety-five per cent of anesthesiologists wash their hands between cases, 89% wash their hands when removing the gloves, and 74.1% wash their hands before a neuraxial block.
The endotracheal tube is maintained sterile by 91.6% of anesthesiologists, and 95.1% change the filter of the ventilation system between patients.
Prefilled propofol syringe was discarded at the end of each anesthesia by 98.8% of anesthesiologists; however, 52.4% refill the propofol syringe for the same patient.
A three-way stopcock is used for intravenous infusion of drugs by 96.3%; however, only 30% reported cleaning vials of drugs with alcohol for use in the neuraxial blocks, while 19.8% clean vials before intravenous administration.
DISCUSSION
Compared to other studies, such as that of Tait et al. in the United States 3, with 44% of participation, El Mikatti et al. in the United Kingdom 4, with 68%, and Ryan et al. in New Zealand 5, with 61%, the participation of anesthesiologists in the present study (75%) can be considered favorably.
The data presented here shows good adhesion to practices of prophylaxis of nosocomial infections, which can be favorably compared to studies in other countries.
In this study, 73.8% of those interviewed never or rarely wear protective goggles. The only study in which this item was mentioned, performed by Ryan et al. 5 in New Zealand (NZ), reported similar rates, 63%. Regarding the mask, we observed a proportion similar to the American study of Tait et al. 3 (94.9%) and higher than that of the United Kingdom (UK - 68.3%) 4 and New Zealand (59.5%)5. A higher proportion of anesthesiologists reported wearing gloves (96.3%) than that of the studies of Tait et al. 3 (USA - 86.3%), El Mikatti et al.4 (UK - 54%), and Ryan et al. 5 (NZ - 84.2%). Regarding neuraxial block, a similar proportion to that of the study of Ryan et al. 5 (NZ), i.e., 98.8% vs. 99.3%, reported wearing sterile gloves, indicating a well established practice in both countries, but this data is not available in the other studies. Adhesion in our institution (91.3%) to the sterile technique, with sterile cap, mask, gloves, and gown for central venous access was lower than that reported by Tait et al. 3 (USA), but higher than that reported by El Mikatti et al. 4 (UK) and Ryan et al. 5 (NZ), with 70.4% and 70%, respectively (Table II).
Washing hands between cases, a simple procedure that can prevent transmission of microorganisms with the best cost/benefit relationship 7, was reported by 95.1% of anesthesiologists in the present study, compared to 83.9%, in the study of El Mikatti et al. 4 (UK), and 93.7%, in the study of Ryan et al. 5 (NZ). Adhesion to this practice is lower before neuraxial blocks (74.1%); despite this, it represented more than double of that observed by Videira et al.7 (32%) in a prior study performed in Brazil. According to a recent recommendation of the ASA (American Society of Anesthesiologists), before a neuraxial block, one should wash his/her hands, wear sterile gloves, cap, and mask covering the mouth and nose, besides using individual packages in skin preparation, and remove all jewelry; however, the recommendation of wearing a sterile gown and changing masks before a new case is uncertain 8.
The results suggest effective care with airways contamination, since 91.6% of anesthesiologists try to maintain the endotracheal tube sterile, and 95.1% change the filter of the ventilation system between patients. This care was considerable lower in the study of El Mikatti et al. 4 (UK - 7.2%), while in the study of Ryan et al. 5 (NZ), 97.1% reported this change. This suggests an improvement in practice in the last decade, although the places of the studies were different (Brazil, UK 4, and NZ 5), but this item was not analyzed in the American study.
Similar to the study of Ryan et al. 5 (NZ), the prefilled propofol syringe was not used in different patients, revealing an adequate practice; however, more than half of those interviewed frequently refill the syringe for the same patient, but the studies undertaken in the USA 3 and UK 4 did not report this data.
Although Hemingway et al. 9 have shown that cleaning the exterior of vials with alcohol can reduce contamination of the contents, the majority of anesthesiologists does not clean vials before using them, which increases the risks of drug contamination.
Adhesion to prophylactic practices of nosocomial infection reported in the present study was comparatively better than that observed in prior studies.
Some aspects, such as cleaning drug vials with alcohol, are still well below which is desired, indicating that this practice should be stimulated.
To improve hygiene practices, it is possible to suggest placement of signs and charts in anesthesiologist work stations, besides a procedures manual, available in electronic form and as an easy access booklet. Besides, manufactures of drugs used in our specialty could stimulate good clinical practice by printing on packages the recommendation of cleaning them before using them or adopting a sterile package for drugs used in neuraxial blocks.
REFERENCES
01. Ross RS, Viazov S, Gross T et al. - Transmission of hepatitis C virus from a patient to an anesthesiology assistant to five patients. New Engl J Med, 2000;343:1851-1854. [ Links ]
02. Herwaldt L A, Pottinger J M, Coffin SA et al. - Nosocomial Infections Associated with Anesthesia, em: Mayhall CG - Hospital Epidemiology and Infection Control, 3rd Ed, Philadelphia, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, 2004:847-874. [ Links ]
03. Tait AR, Tuttle DB - Preventing perioperative transmission of infection: a survey of anesthesiology practice. Anesth Analg, 1995;80:764-769. [ Links ]
04. el Mikatti N, Dillon P, Healy TE - Hygienic practices of consultant anaesthetists: a survey in the north-west region of the UK. Anaesthesia, 1999;54:13-18. [ Links ]
05. Ryan AJ, Webster CS, Merry AF et al. - A national survey of infection control practice by New Zealand anaesthetists. Anaesth Intensive Care, 2006;34:68-74. [ Links ]
06. Carbonne A, Veber B, Hajjar J et al. - Evaluation des pratiques en anesthésie exposant au risque infectieux par transmission croisée. Ann Fr Anesth Reanim. 2006;25:1158-1164. [ Links ]
07. Videira RL, Ruiz-Neto PP, Brandao Neto M - Post spinal meningitis and asepsis. Acta Anaesthesiol Scand, 2002;46:639-646. [ Links ]
08.;112:530-545. [ Links ]
09. Hemingway CJ, Malhotra S, Almeida M et al. - The effect of alcohol swabs and filter straws on reducing contamination of glass ampoules used for neuroaxial injections. Anaesthesia, 2007;62:286-288. [ Links ].
Correspondence to:
Dr. Daniel Kishi
Rua Serafim Dias Machado nº 171 Vila Maria
12209-240 - São Jose dos Campos, SP, Brazil
Approved on September 9, 2010..Pacific Heights mansion has graceful lines, grand views
Updates and opulence define Vallejo Street property
Updated 2:20 pm, Wednesday, October 30, 2013
Caption
The living room includes several sets of French doors and a hardwood floor.Photo: Vince Valdes Photography
Vallejo St. is a six-bedroom Georgian revival in Pacific Heights.ÊPhoto: Vince Valdes Photography
The six-bedroom home has four levels and offers more than 10,500 square feet of living space.Photo: Vince Valdes Photography
A mural of the Golden Gate Bridge was commissioned by the sellers and is set in an upstairs bedroom.Photo: Vince Valdes Photograph
Above center: A fireplace, wet bar and pool table are all part of the top-floor pentroom.Photo: Vince Valdes Photography
This children's room includes a fireplace and connects to a Jack and Jill bathroom.Photo: Vince Valdes Photography
The Neo-Classical Georgian home includes ornate moldings, opulent detailing and a top-floor pentroom looking out at San Francisco Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge.Photo: Vince Valdes Photography
The plasterwork in the dining room ceiling dates back to the Georgian home's original constructionPhoto: Vince Valdes Photography
A grand staircase with decorative leafing leads to the second level.ÊPhoto: Vince Valdes Photography
The plasterwork in the dining room ceiling dates back to the Georgian home's original construction.ÊPhoto: Vince Valdes Photography
The upstairs landing is illuminated by a chandelier and highlighted by intricate detailingPhoto: Vince Valdes Photography
The top-floor pentroom looks out at the Palace of Fine Arts, the Golden Gate Bridge and the Marin Headlands.ÊPhoto: Vince Valdes Photography.
"It's elegant and refined," said Steven Got-helf of Pacific Union Christie's Real Estate, who is listing the home for $10.95 million. "It definitely has an abundance of historic detailing, but also offers modern designs."
While the herringbone patterned hardwood floors, servant's staircase and a telephone room off the grand entrance hall provide a vintage charm to the home, the top-floor pent-
room with wet bar and built-in speakers puts it firmly in touch with the 21st century.
"It's a place that appeals to the senses and begs to be shared with friends and family," Gothelf said of the 10,563-square-foot home that offers a total of five fireplaces.
The four-level home includes an elevator that serves all floors, as well as a nearly level entryway, a rarity in the rolling hills of Pacific Heights. Additionally, the home is detached on all four sides, allowing natural light to flood the public rooms and bedrooms throughout the day.
The Neo-Classical Georgian grandeur is on display from the street, and the home becomes exponentially more ornate once inside. The brick exterior is highlighted by decorative eaves and large windows, while brilliant white columns sit on opposite sides of the forest green front door.
The Vallejo Street home opens to a grand entryway boasting hand-carved moldings and a soaring ceiling. A telephone room with padded sitting bench is hidden behind a door in the hall, reflecting the era of when Tantau laid out the home.
With its marble fireplace, extravagant chandelier and hand-plastered ceiling, the formal dining room appears to have been cut from the Palace of Versailles and dropped into San Francisco. Three-dimensional moldings and hand-carved wall panels highlight the room and showcase superlative attention to detail. Four sets of French doors open inward, allowing for breezes off Vallejo Street to pass through the dining room.
Near the dining room rests the living room with sweeping views of San Francisco Bay. Like the dining room, it also boasts French doors and lavish woodwork. Crown moldings with acanthus leaf detailing decorate the space, while a ceiling medallion lingers above the hardwood floor. Built-in bookshelves, cabinets and a solid marble fireplace supply additional refinement to the ceremonious room.
For less-formal gatherings, a carpeted family room rests off the kitchen. It includes partial views of the bay and a wet bar, as well as access to the home's lower level.
"In addition to the finishes, what helps this home stand out are the views from the public rooms, as well as the proportion and scale of all the rooms," Gothelf said.
Leading to the second level is an elliptical staircase with leafed balustrade. Set on the second level is the master suite, an opulent retreat featuring his and her bathrooms, a sitting area and private deck looking out at an unobstructed view of the Golden Gate Bridge.
A mosaic of colorful rooftops leads to the water, and the suite looks out at the Marin Headlands, Russian Hill and Alcatraz.
The suite spans the width of the mansion and includes two walk-in closets.
Down the hall sit two additional bedrooms sharing a Jack and Jill bathroom. The bathroom features a steam shower with body sprays, and one of the bedrooms includes a fireplace. A carpeted office with windows on two of its walls completes the second story.
A brick motor court off Buchanan Street offers guests an alternative to on-street parking, and the oversized garage can easily fit three cars. The motor court includes a basketball hoop, as well as several mature redwood trees and a small yard.
"The yard could be a children's play area, or used for gardening or a dog run," Gothelf said.
The top floor has an opulent pent-room with cathedral ceiling and fireplace. A billiards table rests near the granite-topped custom wet bar with wine cooler, dishwasher and brass sink. Four French doors open to sweeping views of San Francisco and the bay, while built-in banquettes are set beside the fireplace.
Three additional bedrooms are found on this level, including a spacious room in the front of the home that includes an en suite marble bathroom.
The lowest level of the seven-bedroom home features the wine cellar, garage and storage room.
The wine cellar can hold roughly 1,000 bottles, and there is shelving space for magnum bottles and cases. Individual circular holders support each bottle and lend an appealing design element to the temperature-controlled room.
The seventh bedroom, located on the lowest level, features its own living room and kitchen.
"It would be an ideal place for a teenager, guest or staff," Gothelf said.
A home that's stood for nearly 100 years will have some history behind it, and 2090 Vallejo St. is no exception. It was originally built for Benjamin Schlesinger, a department store mogul who owned the famed City of Paris store. Today, that building serves as the Nieman Marcus flagship store.
In 1993 the home underwent a massive renovation in which electrical, seismic and plumbing upgrades were made, and craftsmen were brought in to restore the classical European finishes.
For more information, visit the website 2090vallejostreet.com.
Details
Address: 2090 Vallejo St., Pacific Heights
Price: $10.95 million
Features: Seven bedrooms, six full bathrooms and two half-baths in more than 10,500 square feet of living space. The Neo-Classical Georgian home includes ornate moldings, opulent detailing and a top-floor pentroom looking out at San Francisco Bay and the Golden Gate Bridge. The home boasts five fireplaces, two staircases and an elevator servicing all four levels.
Listing agent: Steven Gothelf, Pacific Union Christie's International Real Estate, (415) 345-3063, sgothelf@pacunion.comHas Blaine Gabbert played his last game with Jaguars?
Producer,Host
Follow @ EricLopezELO
Earlier this morning on SportstalkFlorida Mornings, Eric Lopez talked to Jessica Blaylock about if Blaine Gabbert played his last game in Jacksonville?
Why you should listen : Jessica Blaylock discussed the struggles on offense of the Florida Gators. Blaylock also talked about Justin Blackmon’s success against the Broncos and the impact he has made on the Jaguars. Blaylock and Lopez also talk about Chad Henne performance and if Blaine Gabbert played his last game with the Jaguars? Blaylock also gives update on Jaguars injuries. Blaylock also shares her thoughts on what she saw from the Orlando Magic last week in Jacksonville and much more.
Jessica Blaylock on SportstalkFlorida Mornings with Eric Lopez: Oct., Orlando MagicIncludes the names: G.J. O'Toole, George O'Toole, G. J. A. O'Toole
ssbaldwin (2), Murrayky (2), aschmuland (2), zenosbooks (2), OldSarge (2), camilitarymuseum (2), rangevine (2), timothyhorgan (2), naylands (2), reggiejayne (2), octafoil40 (2), Linda_22003 (2), GLEllis (1), gatemansnametag (1) — more
boogirl13 (1), GLEllis (1), newlandarcher (1), JeffersonBarracks (1), GCHS_Library (1), Lighthouse_Library (1), AlarmaStandard (1), MaraBlaise (1), Coradeaux (1), erinalbion (1)
Members: None
Become a LibraryThing Author.
G. J. A. O'Toole is currently considered a "single author." If one or more works are by a distinct, homonymous authors, go ahead and split the author.
G. J. A. O'Toole is composed of 4 names. You can examine and separate out names.Green Room InvitesDraft Express has the list of those who received Green Room invites for next week's draft.
This is an exclusive team's logo on it, and then brought up to the podium to shake David Stern's hand.
Here's the list:
Adam Morrison, Tyrus Thomas, Rudy Gay, LaMarcus Aldridge, Andrea Bargnani, Brandon Roy, Marcus Williams, Randy Foye, Patrick O'Bryant, Shelden Williams, Ronnie Brewer, Cedric Simmons, Rodney Carney, J.J. Redick, Hilton Armstrong
Draft Express also has lists of the players who were invited to the Green Room for the drafts from 2003-2005.US Government seems likely to discontinue LoranOct 16, 2009 A:
A House-Senate conference committee version of the fiscal year 2010 (FY10) appropriations bill for the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) approved October 7 allows for termination of the Loran-C signal on January 4, 2010. The program would shut down if the commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard (Adm. Thad Allen) certified that it is not needed for navigation and the secretary of DHS (Janet Napolitano) affirms that the system is not needed as a backup for GPS.Read more... Edit Module
The Coast Guard has previously declared that Loran is not needed for navigation and Napolitano, appointed by President Obama, would seem an unlikely advocate for a program that the president has singled out for elimination.You may also like
Rate Dr. Appaji Gondi
Dr. Appaji Gondi's Ratings
I saw Dr. Gondi a few weeks ago. He was very kind, informative and helpful.
Was this rating useful? 0 [[ userState['ratings'][2642435].votes_count ]]
flag | Submitted Dec. 4, 2014
Dr. Gondi was very helpful and thorough. As an allergy and immunology doctor, he gave good explanations for conditions and explained test results thoroughly. Even though this office is very busy, I never felt that Dr. Gondi rushed to finish up my appointments. The staff at Black and Kletz (these two doctors head the practice) are friendly and polite. The exam rooms are very clean and the waiting area is pleasant. I strongly recommend Dr. Gondi and will definitely visit his office again.
Was this rating useful? 0 [[ userState['ratings'][1206405].votes_count ]]
flag | Submitted April 2, 2007
Find a Doctor by Specialty
You may also like
Top Allergists / Immunologists
#1 of 10
#2 of 10
#3 of 10
#4 of 10
#5 of 10
A very knowledgable and helpful staff, are always smiling and kind. I would like to see the Manassas office re/open on fridays. Dr. Gondi has helped my allergy problem tremendously. He is a outstanding doctor.
Was this rating useful? 0 [[ userState['ratings'][2721053].votes_count ]]
flag | Submitted Feb. 13, 2015New album again has a violent theme – a great idea for their violent fans .
While all bands like to tout their influences, few are as unabashed about it as Detroit hip-hop group Twiztid.
“We’re the world’s best number two band, [Insane Clown Posse] is number one,” said Monoxide, who makes up one half of Twiztid, along with Jamie Madrox.
Twiztid and ICP are the predominant acts in the sub-genre often called horror core. While traditional hip-hop beats and samples are employed in horror core, the lyrics are typically dark, violent, and speak to those who don’t necessarily fit into the norms of society.
“We are an aggression release” Monoxide says of the violence in their music. “Don’t go out and be homicidal, vent your aggression through us. Everyday gets better.”
There is no doubt that the days have been getting better for Twiztid. The group released Heartbroken and Homicidal, its eighth studio album, this past September.
“It’s just a tide over and it gets us back on the road…but people are losing their minds over it,” Monoxide said of the new album.
Twiztid
Intersection, Grand Rapids
Dec. 14, 7 p.m.
$18 in advance, $20 day of show
sectionlive.com, (616) 451-8232
Included with purchase of the CD is a 28-page booklet with people’s “heartbreaking” stories. The only way to read these stories, however, is with a black light. The idea behind this unique packaging is that it allows fans to then use the liner notes as their own journal.
“Packaging is just as important as the music,” Monoxide said.
Aside from being on a national tour that will stop at the Intersection on Dec. 14, Monoxide and Madrox are looking forward to getting back into the studio. Monoxide says the new record is tentatively titled Dismembered, and is a big deal for the duo.
“It will be humongous … the biggest record we have released,” said Monoxide, who also said not even the duo’s label, Psychopathic Records, knows this title yet
While the Bill O’Reillys of society may view Twiztid, ICP, and the rest of the acts on Psychopathic Records as violent freaks, Monoxide and Madrox put little stock in the pundits.
“I’m not that pissed off right now … we got a career out of this s***,” Monoxide said. “A lot of bands came through Psychopathic and fell to the wayside. We did something right.”
Stop your posionous trash talk about juggalos your stupid site creates more hate than all of juggalo years combined. Fuck all of you if it was not for icp and twiztid i wouldve never found christ. And judgement is GOD’s job not some whinny pussies running an evil website that preaches hate.A 50-year-old Winnipeg man has been found guilty of sexually abusing and secretly videotaping his teenaged stepdaughter.
The accused -- who can't be named to protect the identity of the 17-year-old girl – had pleaded not guilty to several charges including sexual assault, voyeurism and making child pornography. He also took the witness stand, proclaiming his innocence and claiming the girl was lying.
But Queen's Bench Justice Kenneth Hanssen disagreed Wednesday, saying he had no doubt the crimes happened as described by the teen.
The Crown is now expected to seek a lengthy prison term for the man, who has been in custody since his 2010 arrest. Sentencing is scheduled for Jan. 7.
The young girl testified at trial earlier this month, saying she awoke to find the accused in her bedroom molesting her.
 cellular phone.
 incident remained open and took another turn when police discovered a series of videotapes that contain topless images of the girl.
She apparently had no idea they had been taken on a webcam she claims had been hidden in her bedroom by her stepfather. The man denied putting the camera there or taking the videos.
Comments are not accepted on this story because it involves young offenders or minors.The pressure is on Luis Enrique as Roma welcome Udinese in tonight’s head-to-head for European places with Francesco Totti back in the starting XI.
The Giallorossi were subjected to fan protests after Saturday’s humiliating 4-2 defeat at Lecce, especially as it was 4-0 until the final minutes.
Totti and Miralem Pjanic are back in the squad, but Fabio Borini, Fabio Simplicio, Nicolas Burdisso, Juan, Leandro Greco, Marco Cassetti, Bogdan Lobont and late addition Gianluca Curci are out of action.
Daniele De Rossi is therefore moved into a centre-back role again, as Marquinho, Fernando Gago and Pjanic take midfield positions.
Erik Lamela and Pablo Daniel Osvaldo complete the trident with captain Totti, but Gabriel Heinze, Bojan Krkic and Aleandro Rosi are dropped.
Udinese are still in the hunt for a Champions League spot, but also have injury problems with Mehdi Benatia, Antonio Floro Flores, Dusan Basta, Christian Battocchio, Diego Fabbrini, Emmanuel Badu and Mauricio Isla sidelined.
Antonio Di Natale leads the way with support from Almen Abdi in a packed midfield.
Roma:Stekelenburg; Taddei, De Rossi, Kjaer, Jose Angel; Pjanic, Gago, Marquinho; Lamela, Totti, Osvaldo
Roma bench:Pigliacelli, Rosi, Heinze, Perrotta, Viviani, Bojan, Tallo
Udinese:Handanovic; Coda, Danilo, Domizzi; Pereyra, Fernandes, Pinzi, Pazienza, Asamoah, Pasquale; Abdi; Di Natale
Udinese bench: Padelli, Ferronetti, Neuton, Torje, Pazienza, Armero, Barreto
Think you know your Italian football? Share your knowledge, tips and comments to win cash prizes in OLBG's tipster competition - £11,000 to be won monthly!Leena Mahdi
Education
- M.S. (2006), University of Hawaii at Manoa
- B.S. (), ??
Professional Experience
- Research Assistant, Department of Microbiology, University of Hawai'i. Investigating anti-infective and cytotoxic secondary metabolites in Hawaiian marine Fungi and yeasts (link to description, above). Participant in several Hawaii Ocean Time series ()
- Honolulu Zoo Volunteer. Assisting primary Chimpanzee keeper e.g., cleaning, food preparation, feeding, assisting with lectures, enrichment programs, training, preparation of sleeping quarters.
- 02/04-08/04. Sea Life Park, Waimanalo, HI. Animal Trainer 1. Animal training, care, husbandry, interactive swim programs, public lectures, participating in daily shows. Also responsible for the rehabilitation and release of injured seabirds.
- 1/02-4/02. Education Intern, Dolphin Research Center, Grassy Key, Florida. Assisted in public education programs such as DolphinLab, and community outreaches. Taught coral reef seminars and workshops, and completed independent projects.
- 8/00-1/02. Research Asst., Dr. R Okuda, San Jose State University. Intern on cancer research at basic level. Conducted toxicity testing of algal products.
Awards
- 2005 - Recipient of Lewis and Clark Fund for Exploration and Field Research ($2000)
Personal/Certifications
- Certified NAUI scuba diver
- CPR/First Aid Certified
Publications
-(8):1357-63.
- Mahdi L (2006) A Survey of Hawaiian Marine Fungi and Yeast. University of Hawai‘i, Manoa, Master's Degree Thesis.A long-time tourist destination among the downtown New Ulm businesses began a “Going Out Of Business Sale” Monday. Owner Nancy Kokesch is closing the Country Loft and Doll Haus after 30 years in business. She says the store will be open regular hours with a 40% sale on all products until all the merchandise is sold. Kokesch says that the decision to close the business was not due to financial distress, but rather to allow her to pursue a life focused on volunteer work. She also plans to do business consulting work. One of her specialty products at the Country Loft, GnomeMade Fudge, has been sold to another local business which will own the trademark and recipes.Easy Maple Walnut Coconut Oil Cups
These easy, healthy-ingredient Walnut Coconut Maple Cups can be made in less than five minutes and taste like sweet maple, rich coconut and nutty walnut. This healthy treat is a fun recipe to try for your do-it-yourself Halloween candy. You can even add a peanut butter center to make these peanut butter-style cups if you’d like. Each cup is rich in virgin coconut oil, which is a popular wellness ingredient. They’ve also got plenty of omega-3 fatty acid-rich walnuts. These creamy cups are luscious and lovely, give them a try..
Storage: Don’t hand these cups out to trick-or-treaters because they will surely melt in a hot candy bag. Store in the fridge or freezer and eat at a soft, room temperature state. They’ll be super luscious and creamy inside.
Easy Walnut Coconut Maple Cups
vegan, makes about 9 cups
3 Tbsp organic virgin coconut oil, melted
3/4 cup raw walnuts
2 Tbsp maple syrup
1/4 tsp salt
optional add-ins:
1/2 cup shredded coconut, raw/unsweetened
1-3 Tbsp vegan chocolate chips
1/2 tsp peanut butter per cup (inside)
1/4 tsp vanilla extract
1/4 tsp cinnamon (or some cayenne for spicy cups!)
Also:
muffin cups (about 7-8)
Directions:
1. Process your raw walnuts in a blender or food processor until a chunky meal forms.
2. Combine the walnuts with the remaining ingredients.
3. Spoon mixture into muffin liners. About 1-3 Tbsp per liner depending on how thick you’d like your cups.
4. Place the cups in the freezer. They should be ready to eat in just a few minutes!!
What to do with that leftover Halloween candy? Check out our stuffed cookie recipe!Why Choose a Haines Realtor?
An experienced Realtor will negotiate a much higher price than their fee takes away and reduce the stress of selling your home
Find a Haines Realtor Easily
Homethinking was outstanding
We’ve helped over 100,000 home owners since 2005.
Search Haines
Market Monitor
Affordability Calculator
2009 Top Ten Lenders
What is Homethinking? Homethinking is a real estate agent search engine that helps you find a Haines Realtor. Haines Realtors are ranked by what and how many homes they have sold in the Haines area. There are also reviews by Haines residents who have previously bought or sold real estate with Haines Realtors. You can refine your search of Realtors in Haines by the average price or bedrooms of homes Haines real estate agents deal with or their last name. Whether you say Haines REALTOR Â®, " Haines Realator" or " Haines Realter", Haines realitor, " Haines realety" or " Haines reality", or " Haines realestate agents", Homethinking can help.
Angoon Realtors, Sitka Realtors, Skagway Realtors, Douglas Realtors, Elfin Cove Realtors, Gustavus Realtors, Hoonah Realtors, Kake Realtors, Klawock Realtors, Meyers Chuck Realtors,Release
Darken
- Artists Dave G, Javier Orduna, DJ Mourad, Nachklangmusik, Pseudonym
- Release Date 2013-06-03
- Labels Nice & Nasty
- Catalog NANO135
-
- Description Pseudonym aka Ronan Scullion is a Belfast man following hot on the heels of David Holmes and Phil Kieran. Making sublime music, mostly techno, mostly Detroit style but there are elements of Detroit, Chicago, Frankfurt and Sheffield - maybe this is Belfast techno, what it is for sure is a piece of class future funk and high tech soul that would easily find itself a home on Soma, R&S, Planet E etc. Darken is a fusion of Rude boy attitude and Techno-Disco. Sounds mad I know but with a full on driving rhythm and a wonderfully fun ska feel to it. With remixes from the amazing Dave G, Javier Orduna, nachklangmusik and Dj Mourad its hard not to be pleased with this release. Support from Manuel Perez, Greg Wilson, Ian O'Donovan, Madben, Many Ward, Ricky Sinz, Jay Riordan, Marco Bernardi, Erell Ranson, Marc De Breyne, Orde Meikle, Stacey Pullen, Hughes Giboulay, Dave Ingham, JJ Mullor and DJ Bleed to name a few. If you like techno you will enjoy this. ...Verifications
- Phone Number▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒ 74
- 176 Friends
- Reviewed1 Review
Hey, I’m Amalia!
Freiburg, Baden-Wurttemberg, Germany · Member since October 2011
Living in Freiburg; I'm Spanish - Australian; I work for an international organisation in Freiburg on sustainable urban development
Amalia, her husband and her daughter are fantastic guests. Quiet, polite and friendly. The kind of people anyone would enjoy. They walked the surroundings, they visited Banyoles and Girona, and Ona played a lot with our dog Lur. Just great!! Thank you for coming and for inaugurating the Rustic Apartment we had just opened. See you soon in Freiburg, one of most loveliest and greener cities in Europe!... > > I believe the method is to add something along the lines of > > > > .* *!host_to_deliver_to Wrong! > >? Into 2.99.41 (Nov 11, 1996) I did modify pathalias processor to check also for the '.' object: . smtp!host_to_deliver_to That after I had (for a while) used all toplevels covering routeing specifications at one system, and frankly got a bit annoyed with it.. (It was my workstation, which was not in globally routable network back then...) > Brian > -- > Brian Dockter (KC7JZL) | Email: Brian_Dockter@stg.sel.sony.com > Sr. Software Engineer | Voice: 206-524-0014 > Sony Electronics, Seattle | FAX: 206-524-3440 /Matti Aarnio <mea@nic.funet.fi><<
Shout!
Shout!2
Those three new colored landscapes are fantastic Tom. I think these are the best I've seen from you yet. They ooze with life. Big step brother.
The latest stuff with ink and digital is great, Tom. Keep explorate this, it seems so promising ! ^^
Cheers, amigo !
Julien.
Thanks for the vids. Very nice work-flow break down.
Nice Tom! You have incredible control...Nice composition!
How's it going? Haven't seen you forever!
Dude this stuff is so unreal. Maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan. WOO! Good inspiration at work!
nothing fancy my ass.....
thanks for sharin yoru technique
Wow!!.. tutorials to learn!!.. thanks a lot!!..
Shout!3 I think..
"Those three new colored landscapes are fantastic Tom. "
These really stood out to me too. That middle one is all sorts of awesome. Hold on to that one- Might want to work that up one day.
Gotta check these vids out...*leans back in chair, cracks a beer---looks down and realizes it's really a can of V8....low sodium*
(i'm old now)
This comment has been removed by the author.
You rock bro!!
For shizzle!
way sweet stuff man! keep it up, and thaks for showing your proccess
Sorry Tom, I had a laugh at Scott's beer turning into a bottle of low sodium v8. hahaha. priceless.
still love the work mate!
I lost MS messenger when I upgraded to a new computer. I'll have to download it again. :O
Thanks for the sharing the videos. It looks like the mentoring is truly on it's way with Idiot Apathy as the captain.
I agree with Scott about the environments. They're fantastic, but the middle one has a special feel; it reminds me of Blizzard's Diablo franchise.
And I don't know how you can drink a can of V8 Scott. That is an impressive feat, all by itself.
I'm taking wagers on just how long before Tom strikes a film deal with Gnomon. Anyone? Anyone?
i love the demos...very inspiring.
-Wayne
very cool demo
thanks for sharing
wonderful stuff
yo essay! you're a big fat cow, you know! great great great! hope things are good for you dude. cheers!
Suummmbody needs to update. ^_~
great work!
shout! ;)
Nice work! Love those B&W paintings and the videos are great.
Thanks for the comment to my blog
enjoyed this very much.
You're too modest. You know you deserve to be in there :P
Thanks for the comment dude. Much appreciated. And your videos are useful. thanks for posting them!
Cheers!
This comment has been removed by the author.
*faints with "awesome" last on the mind*
Nice looking work brother. I especially like the black and white landscape with the solitary figure.
Great work! Your blog is excellent.
I like very much.
Nice landscapes, look forward to seeing more.
What's the music you used for the background?
The demonstration was very nice. I really love how you reused elements in the scene to create new elements and depth.
Nice visual and graphic sense of these brush strokes!
Just found these!
Awesome vids, Tom!
Love the whole random approach you get with the copy-paste and transforming going on! I occasionally do that myself :)
Rock on!
Wasker: I think I got you the links, if not they are in the new post :)
Daniel: Check the new post for links!
Rich Pellegrino: Thanks buddy! Glad you like those, probably no cooincidence that they have a traditional ink base. Adds a ton! I need to do more. Dude you've been kicking a lot of ass lately! Get your ass back on MSN!
Julien Alday: Mon ami! Thanks buddy, you know you are an inspiration for my art - I love your experimentalism.
Dillon Thompson: Hahaha did I pay you to say that? I wouldn't share an office with anyone else buddy.
Abbey Ash: Abbey! Man we really need to catch up, how's life?!
Justin: Thanks man! Ooh, I'm going to check to see if you've updated. We need to have lunch or something!
GhettoFab: Hey buddy! Seems like I never see you anymore :( Imma come harass you soon!
bog_art: Haha thanks, glad you liked them! Links to full res in the next post.
Scott Altmann: Thanks a ton Scotty! Dude mix v8 with beer, it's good! And healthy!
Sebastien Gallego: Mon ami! Teach me art!
Aaron: Thanks and yeah man! My pleasure. How's school?
Shou': Hehehe, Cpt Idiot. Glad you enjoyed the videos. v8 isn't that bad, got to keep healthy right? :\ Actually they taste like salty poison.
Mike Dutton: DUTTONBOOK! Don't make me advertise it here too! Actually I should. Hahaha gnomon wouldn't want my lame crap! Hope you are well buddy!
Waye Porter: Thanks a ton! So happy I can inspire.
Mattias: Thanks man! Love your blog, todays entry was especially great.
Phillip Vose: Hey dude! How the hell you been?! You've vanished from the internets! Imma shoot you an email. I'm old greg.
naomiful: Hey! I know I know :( Been enjoying your updates though!
Jennifer T. : Thanks!
nacho: Check the newest post for links!
Anthriel: Thanks dude :)
Joe Watmough: Aww shucks Joe! How's your LMS coming? To the death! Hope things are still good at Spacetime, I read that NCSOFT dropped your title :\ Hope to see some art at least!
GHGraphics: Hahaha, Thanks man! Glad you liked the videos!
Matt Berger: DUDE! How the hell you been?!
Sam: Sup punk!
Antonio Fernandez: Thanks a ton man!
Anonymous: Thanks dude! Music was ... let me think. The Controls, Hooverphonic and I think Daedalus.
!LEON!: Thanks dude! It's a cheap trick and I should do better about covering it up - fun though hehe. Cheers!
Marcos Mateu: Thanks a ton man :)
Hideyoshi: Hey dude! I miss seeing your art these days, where are you posting? Cheers man!
Waaaaay too much talent man!
Beautiful stuff . I keep getting wowed each time I come here .
Cheers .
Thanks for writing this.
I have recently found your blog and though it is a LONG time since posted, was wondering if you still happened to have the full sized videos you were talking about??
I would GREATLY appreciate it! Fantastic work.
jonathan.m.lindblom[at]gmail[dot]com
This comment has been removed by the author.
Just found your vids Tom - thanks very much! Your work is incredible and a huge source of inspiration. Keep updating - we love your work.
*Bookmarked!*
thanks for posting these vids!
This comment has been removed by a blog administrator.Related Pins
ohhhh... I sooo ♥ the lighting, it's so powerful in this image!! ♥!!!!! love the perspective too! ♥
♥ Sunrise and Sunsets - Fine Art Striking Photography Prints, Canvas Art and Stock Images by James Bo Insogna
Spectacular lightning display in southeastern Arizona • photo: Warren Faidley on Media Bakery (flower field added by unknown artist)
"My counselor is a very compassionate and attentive listener. She always asks probing and interesting questions that make me reflect and rethink emotions, situations and relationships." -Client, 2010
{ sea sparkle } My name: Incilay means sea sparkle, like the sparkling of the moon on the sea, moon-river
Memories of the Elephant Tree, posted by It's Only Natural via ionwkathy.tumblr.com
"A spectator and witness to the life lived by others, alone yet not lonely. At peace as an observer wrapped in my own solotude."
Want more photos of Amazing places from around the world? follow Clara ♥ ballet's board 'Amazing places.'
Road to Sunset. Go to... or just click on photo for home videos and much more on sites like this.
beauty is beheld right in our hands..
Beach Sunset
Paradise Beach, Maharashtra, India
sunset, silhouette, forced perspective
Awesome picture! #beachinspired #photography
❤️beautiful picture!❤️
Very cool colors and always a great photo idea.I partially disagree with my friend Robert Miller on the matter of papal bird-flipping. Only partially, because I tend to agree with him about the quasi-apologies proffered by the Vatican after the Regensburg speech, but disagree about Cardinal Re’s remarks.
Robert says, “if you intentionally flip someone the bird, don’t pretend afterwards you did it by accident.” The question is whether the Holy Father intentionally flipped anyone the bird at the Easter Vigil. I think not. If I may apply a well-known distinction from Catholic moral theology, there is a difference between an insult that is intended and one that is an unintended (even if admittedly foreseen) by-product of one’s act or statement. If a man says, “The Catholic Church is the one true Church,” his statement implies that other Christian groups are something less than that. Consequently, it is to be anticipated that his statement will annoy many non-Catholic Christians. That doesn’t mean that the statement is made with the intention of causing annoyance. When recently the Congregation of the Doctrine of the Faith issued a document that in essence made just this assertion about the Catholic Church, its purpose was obviously the positive one of clarifying the Church’s teaching on ecclesiology for the benefit of her own members and most especially of her theologians. I am sure the CDF and the pope realized that there would be interreligious fallout but thought it was a price that had to be paid for the sake of a greater good. In the same way, if any Christian says, “Jesus is Lord,” it does not mean that he “intends to flip the bird” to all those who think Jesus is not Lord.
Robert himself states very well one message that the pope presumably meant to convey by agreeing to baptize Mr. Allam at the Easter Vigil—namely that the gospel is to be preached in season and out. One imagines the pope also meant to underline the fact that the gospel message is intended for all people of whatever background. Popes have publicly baptized former animists and Buddhists and members of other religions. To refuse to baptize former Muslims, or to treat such baptisms as something to be hidden away, would be to deny the universality of the Church’s message and mission.
I understand what Cardinal Re said about not taking things “negatively” to be a simple statement that the pope’s act in baptizing Mr. Allam had a positive purpose that did not include giving “one in the eye” to anybody. This isn’t to say that Cardinal Re’s statement was perfectly formulated. Baptism is never a purely private matter. And what the cardinal said about negative interpretations does sound a little like an apology—even though I don’t think it was or was meant to be.
There is another distinction that needs to be insisted upon in today’s world, namely the distinction between acts or words that are “offensive” in some objective way, and those that are “offensive” merely in the sense of bothering someone or another. An objectively offensive act or word, I would say, is one that offends against some objective standard—for example, which offends against truth, or justice, or charity, or modesty, or the innocence of children, or the majesty of God. What the “Reverend” Jeremiah Wright said about the U.S. government inventing the AIDS virus to kill Blacks offends against both truth and justice. As a statement clearly inspired by hatred, it also offends against charity. It is a statement that ought to offend everyone, whether or not it actually offends anyone. On the other hand, the statement of Geraldine Ferraro was offensive only in the sense that some people were made uncomfortable by it.
This is not to say that the two kinds of offensiveness can always be neatly separated. There are times when one’s duty to truth (as in the case of the CDF statement) requires one to say something that will be hurtful to someone. But gratuitous hurtfulness is to be avoided—which is, I think, the point of Churchill’s amusing observation. Charity requires that we avoid hurting the feelings of others either intentionally or unnecessarily. Thus it can be objectively offensive to hurt someone’s feelings, but in many cases it is not.
I think the larger point that Robert is making—and I agree with it wholeheartedly—is that we have become tyrannized over by a ridiculous cult of niceness where any statement however true or salutary has to be apologized for in groveling terms just because somebody somewhere doesn’t like it. What we need is a national—indeed a world—conversation about “offensiveness,” before we suffocate on our own good manners.SA plane disaster victim identifiedComment on this story
Durban - The family of a Durban-born man, among the 298 victims of the Malaysia Airlines disaster last month, said on Monday night that they were one step closer to bringing his remains home.
Cameron Dalziel, 43, was on Flight MH17 that was apparently shot down over Ukraine on July 17.
His brother, Campbell Dalziel, said the family had received official confirmation that Cameron had been positively identified using DNA swabs from his family and dental records.
“It’s a confirmation of something we knew all along but it’s a big relief to the family,” he told the Daily News.
“It was a quest but we were being patient.”
Cameron was formerly from uMhlanga and his family are making arrangements for his remains to be brought to Durban.
“I want to honour and give him a rightful send-off,” Dalziel said.
“The next step is to get the green light from authorities in Netherlands so we can fetch his ashes.
“We are fortunate that he has been identified. We hope the other families have the same luck.”
He said he had kept abreast watching television news reports. He said he had watched how 80 coffins had arrived in the Netherlands from Ukraine.
“When the caskets were on hearses and travelling in a convoy, they were given a fallen soldier honour. People lined the streets and threw flowers. It was emotional,” he said. “I intend having something similar here.”
Cameron had been living with his wife and two children in Malaysia where he was employed as a helicopter pilot. It is believed that he was returning from a training course in the Netherlands when the plane was shotAbout Schools in Waukau, WI
Contact a Coldwell Banker® real estate agent to learn more about the schools and school districts in Waukau, WI.FIND AN AGENT
Waukau, Wisconsin is located in Winnebago County. Nearby cities and towns include Eureka, Omro, Berlin, Winneconne, Butte des Morts, Ripon, Oshkosh, Rosendale, Green Lake, Tustin, Van Dyne, Poy Sippi, Winchester, Redgranite, Brandon, Fairwater, Lohrville, North Fond du Lac, Pine River, Neenah, Fremont, Princeton, Dale, Markesan, Fond du Lac, Neshkoro, Taycheedah, Menasha, St. Peter, Oakfield, Stockbridge, Marquette, Waupun, and Weyauwega. Waukau is a rural community with a population of 262. The median household income is $61,249. In Waukau, 60% of residents are married, and families with children reside in 33% of the households. Half the population of Waukau commutes 21 minutes or less to work, with 41% of residents holding white collar jobs and 59% residents holding blue collar jobs. The median age of homes in Waukau, WI is 44 years, with 75% of those homes owned, 14% rented, and 11% not occupied. In the previous year, 4 Waukau properties were sold. The median sale price of a home in Waukau in the previous year was $183,375.
Contact a Coldwell Banker® real estate agent to learn more about the schools and school districts in Wauk.Varimixer W20SF DescriptionSKU: 147-W20SF
Safety is always top priority! The Varimixer planetary mixer comes standard with overload protection as well as no voltage release. The helpful bowl screen provides even more assurance!:
- 21 quart capacity stainless bowl
- 1 HP motor
- Stainless wire whip
- Alloy flat beater
-.
Mixer, Food, 20-qt. capacity bowl, variable speed drive, 1 HP motor, powder coating finish, includes: stainless bowl, stainless wire whip, stainless flat beater, thermal overload protection, stainless lid, bowl screen
*The warranty will not be honored for residential or non-commercial use of any Commercial Equipment.To those who won a lawsuit in Los Angeles on Tuesday “declaring all sorts of job protections for teachers ‘unconstitutional,’ ” teachers unions are at the center of the California school system’s problems, Michael Hiltzik writes at the Los Angeles Times.
He continues:.
Students Matter, the organization that financed the lawsuit, Vergara v. California, “has done nothing that will put a needed book or computer in a school,” says David B. Cohen, a schoolteacher and associate director of Accomplished California Teachers. .”
Cohen is “suspicious of wealthy and powerful individuals and groups whose advocacy for children leads to ‘reforms’ that won’t cost a cent, but will weaken labor.”
—Posted by Alexander Reed Kelly.
Photo by toddwendy (CC BY 2.0)2-6 March2016
The most important meeting in Spain for the Education Community brought together almost 400 exhibitors, which means an increase of 39%.
This edition included the 23 edition of the International Educational Opportunities Exhibition, AULA; the 6th International Higher Education Fair, FORO DE POSTGRADO; International Educational Equipment Show, INTERDIDAC, and the 2nd edition of RECURSOS PARA LA EDUCACIÓN, participating for the first time EXPOELEARNING, 14th Expoelearning International Congress (organized by IFEMA and AEFOL).
Expositores Área Estudia en Reino UnidoVancouver, British Columbia, Canada
Last login 7 months ago
Join Couchsurfing to see Jesse's full profile. It's free!View Full Profile
CURRENT MISSION
to see and do a bunch of stuff
ABOUT ME
From a farm, lives in a city. Love both settings in travel and life.
HOW I PARTICIPATE IN COUCHSURFING
Happy to help out...info, advice or showing people around. It's cool to see the amount of generosity people can give and reciprocate.
COUCHSURFING EXPERIENCE
I stayed with a person in Paris I met on a couchsurfing-like site and it changed my whole trip. She put me up for 3 nights and showed me parts of Paris I never would have thought to go. She took me to the Palace of Versailles and were able to cut the lines and go into place off limits to the public since she had a friend who worked there. Was unreal.
Historical non-fiction, satire, urban architecture/planning, sport
Books/Reading: Orwell, Sedaris, Diamond, Ronald Wright, Naomi Klein, Anthony Bourdain, Dan Savage
Music: Blues, Old Jazz, Classical, Hip Hop, Alt...
Training at the Rafael Trejo boxing gym in Old Havana, Cuba and seeing Guillermo Rigondeaux show up. Then later meeting Felix Savon at the National Boxing Championships. Not a whiff of ego or fanfare for guys who would need bodyguards in any other country/setting.
Austria, Belgium, China, Costa Rica, Cuba, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Germany, Japan, Korea, Republic of, Netherlands, United States
France
Join Couchsurfing to see Jesse's full profile. It's free!View Full ProfileReading Faust When Young
for David Mamet
Listen to Barry Goldensohn reading this poem..SALT LAKE CITY, April 15, 2013 /PRNewswire/ -- Overstock.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: OSTK) is scheduled to release first quarter financial results for the period ending March 31, 2013 on Thursday, April 18, 2013 before the market opens. The company has scheduled a conference call and webcast for 11:30 a.m. ET that day to discuss these results.
Webcast information
To access the live webcast and presentation slides, please go to. To listen to the conference call via telephone, dial (866) 551-1816 and enter conference ID 29140338 when prompted. Participants outside the U.S. or Canada who do not have Internet access should dial +1 (706) 758-1198 and enter conference ID 29140338 when prompted.
ReplayA replay of the conference call will be available at starting two hours after the live call has ended. An audio replay of the webcast will be available via telephone starting at 12:30 p.m. ET on Thursday, April 18, 2013, through 11:59 p.m. ET on Saturday, May 18, 2013. To listen to the recorded webcast by phone, please dial (855) 859-2056 and enter conference ID 29140338 when prompted. Outside the U.S. or Canada please dial +1 (404) 537-3406 and enter conference ID 29140338.Make a mobile version of my existing website
This project received 39 bids from talented freelancers with an average bid price of $608 USD.Get free quotes for a project like this
Skills Required
Project Budget$250 - $750 USD
Total Bids39
Project Description
I have a website ([url removed, login to view]). I want their to be a mobile version of the website. I already have the design, content, photos, everything of what the mobile site should look like. Once the site is complete, it needs to be integrated with my current site.
So that, when a user goes to [url removed, login to view] ......the website will know whether the visitor is on a mobile device.....if they are on a mobile device it should open up the mobile version of the site (with a link option to view the full site). And if the visitor is on a desktop, then they should see the existing site.
please visit my site. then I want you to go to the following website on a mobile device ([url removed, login to view]) . if you visit this site on a mobile device, you will automatically be shown the mobile version..........
I want my mobile version to look almost the same as this site......but my company info/logo/theme should be incorporated into the new mobile<<
How are:
- Crohn's colitis is inflammation that is confined to the colon. Abdominal pain and bloody diarrhea are the common symptoms. Anal fistulae and peri-rectal abscesses also can occur.
-.
- Crohn's terminal ileitis is inflammation that affects only the very end of the small intestine (terminal ileum), the part of the small intestine closest to the colon. Abdominal pain and diarrhea are the common symptoms. Small intestinal obstruction also can occur.
-.
MedicineNet.com
Women's Health
Find out what women really need.Christina Aguilera - BIONIC - D*Face, image uploaded by Urban Art Association
So I would never have guessed that I would be posting about Christina Aguilera on this blog but hey there you go. It would appear Christina is following in the footsteps of Madonna in the commissioning of a Street Artist to design the album artwork. In the case of Madonna it was Mr. Brainwash who was commissioned for the Madonna Celebration album. And now we see the artwork for the forthcoming album Bionic from Christina Aguilera has been created by D*Face
While we are not exactly fans of Christina Aguilera, we do feel that this commission works very well and we actually like what D*Face has done. We are impressed that such a mainstream pop artist as Christina who relies equally as much on her image as her so called music has taken such a gamble with her image and allowed it to be sliced open and portrayed as it has.
Of the two commissions we think the Christina / D*Face wins hands down. While there are similarities between the two album covers ( Pose / Lips / hair) the Madonna / Mr.Brainwash looked like something that Mr. Brainwash was already working on for a canvas/print release and not something that was created specifically for the cover. We could be wrong on that call, but this D*Face cover looks like a lot more time and work went into it and certainly doesn't look like it was knocked up in a hour as the Mr. Brainwash one does!
We recommend you click on the image to view the larger size and see all the great little details contained in the robotic side of the face. Musical instruments, pipe works, birds, angels, clocks and if you look closely you will even spot one of D*Face's signature D*Dogs hiding in there.
So it will be interesting to see the reaction to this work both from the music press and fans and also that of the Street / Urban Art community who will either love it for what it is or hate it and cry sellout!! What do our readers think?
6 comments:
There's an Erasure album cover (chrous), from '91 that looks a little similar to D*Face's sleeve. Granted robots and pinup girls are hardly fresh, but it's an interesting co-incidence.
I like this alot. Good job.
Well, on the other hand the work for Madonna is maybe obvious aesthetically but conceptually brings some strong statement on stardom and pop culture imho. so then the easy aesthetics makes a lot of sense to me. The whole sense of the work stays in the equation marylin:madonna=warhol:street art. Which is a really interesting statement to me.
This work instead is just graphically appealing, throwing in some traced vintage illustrations in photoshop and making a commercial product.
Here the statement is totally unclear and open (is christina a consumer product? then inside should be record companies and piles of money, not musical instruments for sure..)
I really cannot find a sense to this work, just seems some random graphic design.
And... the drips?? my god..
Nice work...
but the font totally sucks and doesn't fit with the artwork at all!
I like it. It reminds me of Koo Koo by Debbie Harry, it was done by H.R. Giger.
She's a huge art collector, d*face is also her friend. She also owns piees by Banksy, interesting..US court allows rendition lawsuit against CIA contractor
The government says state secrets are at risk, but the 9th Circuit is allowing the case to proceed against a Boeing subsidiary that reportedly flew suspects to secret prisons.
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues.
A.
The controversial program centered on the practice of detaining suspected terrorists without warrants or legal proceedings and taking them to secret CIA-run prisons, or foreign countries such as Egypt or Syria, for often violent interrogations. The Chronicle reports that the Bush administration always argued it did not transfer suspects to foreign countries unless it had received assurances that torture would not be used.
But critics, like Jane Mayer at The New Yorker, argued that the practice was primarily a way of "outsourcing torture" to countries without legal safeguards against abuse..
The American Civil Liberties Union, which represents the five plaintiffs in the case, reacted triumphantly to the ruling, calling it a "historic decision" in a statement released to the media.
."
The Chronicle identifies the five plaintiffs as Binyam Mohamed, an Ethiopian-born British resident arrested in Pakistan; Bisher al-Rawi, an Iraqi-born British resident arrested in Gambia; Ahmed Bashmilah, a Yemeni arrested while visiting his sick mother in Jordan; Ahmid Agiza, an Egyptian arrested in Sweden; and Abu Britel, an Italian citizen of Moroccan descent arrested in Pakistan. Of the five, two are still being detained at their rendition sites, says the Chronicle. Agiza is believed to be in Egypt and Britel in Morocco, while the rest have all been released without charges.Web Analytics Report 5/9/10 - 5/22/10
This is the bi-weekly report on the New York State Senate’s web presence. Last week the website received a total of 72264 visits, only slightly less than in the last reporting period. It had a bounce rate of 43%, 9 points higher than in the last report and one point higher than the long term average of 42%. The website had new visitors 64% of the time, nearly as high as the long term average of 66%. The continuation of this high level of attention is likely linked to the expected production of the budget.
The live webcasting of session has drawn 589121 views since it’s adoption and the archived footage has followed that growth very closely. The NYSenate Livestream and Youtube channels continue to spar for most viewed and Youtube has slightly overtaken with 589310 overall visits. 26902 people through Facebook, nearly 900 more since last report, using accounts linked to NYSenate.gov and 10872 through Twitter accounts linked to NYSenate.gov. The NYSenate account itself currently reaches over 3641 people through it’s Twitter account.
For real-time analytics, as well as replays of the last week or month from Chartbeat please visit.Download Document
Showing pages : 1 of 1
This preview has blurred sections. Sign up to view the full version! View Full Documentapplied overhead is closed out to Cost of Goods Sold at the end of the year. National Home Products uses direct labor-hours in all of its divisions as the allocation base for manufacturing overhead. To compute the predetermined overhead rate, Terri ,Networking: An Important Tool For Every Executive
As an executive with a stable career, you might feel that you’ve put in the hard work and paid your networking dues. Attending after-work events just isn’t high up on your priority list anymore. Here’s why you should grab your business cards and Open iTunes to preview, buy and download this film.
Plot Summary
Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman star as a married couple entangled in an intricate web of jealousy and sexual obsession in Stanley Kubrick's final cinematic offering..
Credits
Producers
Viewers Also Bought
- Blue Velvet
- David Lynch
- View In iTunes
- L.A. Confidential
- Curtis Hanson
- View In iTunes
- Fargo (1996)
- Joel Coen
- View In iTunes
- The Silence of the Lambs
- Jonathan Demme
- View In iTunes
Also Available
- Eyes Wide Shut (Music from the Motion Picture)
- Various ArtistsCARDINALS 12 , NATIONALS 2
a–grounded out for Gorzelanny in the 5th. b–grounded into a fielder's choice for Duke in the 8th. c–lined out for Craig in the 8th. 1–ran for Holliday in the 6th. E_Zimmerman (19). LOB_Washington 8, St. Louis 5. 2B_Harper (24), Zimmerman (35), Jay (20), M.Carpenter (22), T.Cruz (9). HR_Bernadina (5), off J.Kelly; Y.Molina (22), off E.Jackson; S.Robinson (3), off Mic.Gonzalez. RBIs_LaRoche (99), Bernadina (24), M.Carpenter (45), Holliday (101), S.Robinson 2 (16), Craig 2 (91), Y.Molina 3 (75), Beltran (92), Descalso (25), Kozma (9). SF_Descalso. Runners left in scoring position_Washington 2 (Werth, Morse); St. Louis 4 (Wainwright, Descalso 2, Y.Molina). DP_Washington 3 (Desmond, Espinosa, LaRoche), (Espinosa, Desmond, LaRoche), (Espinosa, Lombardozzi, Tracy).
Winner: Wainwright, 14–13. Loser: E.Jackson, 9–11. HBP_by C.Garcia (Holliday). WP_E.Jackson 2. Umpires_Home, Bill Welke; First, Cory Blaser; Second, Chris Guccione; Third, Jeff Nelson. T_2:51. A_39,166 .- My tags:
- networking, work from home, home business, home candle business, mlm
- About me:
- I'm married, and between my husband and I we have 5 grown children and 2 adorable grand children. I started my own Home Candle Business to help ease the financial burden from my husband.
- My interests:
- We love to go camping, bowling, and football
- My website/blog:
-
- Best advice I've gotten:
- patience
- Adjective to describe me:
- outgoing
- My favorite movie:
- Grease~ Message Replay ~
This website will allow you to replay any messages or emails received in the past 15 days through the AlertNow system.
~ Message Replay Instruction Sheet ~
~ Common Call Problems FAQ ~
This is an overview of common questions and issues regarding AlertNow broadcast. If you are having issues receiving phone messages, please review this first.Previous Season ▪ Next Season
Record: 98-103, .488 W-L% (16th of 18) (Schedule and Results)
*Record does not reflect forfeits or vacated games.
SRS: ▪ SOS:
Regular Season Champion: Kansas
NCAA Tournament: 1 (Kansas)
Ranked in Preseason AP Poll: 2 (Kansas and Kansas State)
Ranked in Final AP Poll: 1 (Kansas)Air pollution levels are still per cent jump in emergency calls for help with breathing difficulties, asthma and heart problems, while the West Midlands Ambulance Service has also seen more people with breathing and heart trouble.
The capital experienced "very high" levels of pollution - the highest level recorded by Defra,...Click to Go BackBack to Bill Details
Download PDF
HOUSE DOCKET, NO. 1727 FILED ON: 1/17/2013
HOUSE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . No. 293 the sale of distilled spirits at auction.
_______________
PETITION OF:
Name:
District/Address:
13th Essex
By Mr. Speliotis of Danvers, a petition (accompanied by bill, House, No. 293) of Theodore C. Speliotis relative to the licensing of certain auctioneers to sell alcoholic beverages not to be drunk on the premises. Consumer Protection and Professional Licensure.
[SIMILAR MATTER FILED IN PREVIOUS SESSIONSEE HOUSE, NO. 1025 OF 2011-2012.]
In the Year Two Thousand Thirteen
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives in General Court assembled, and by the authority of the same, as follows:
Section 1. Chapter 138 of the General Laws is hereby amended by striking section 14A in its entirety and inserting after Section 14 the new following section:-
Section 14A: The local licensing authority in any city or town wherein the granting of licenses to sell all alcoholic beverages or wines, malt beverages, and distilled spirits may grant licenses for the sale of wine and distilled spirits at auction, not to be drunk and distilled spirits and distilled spirits tastings for prospective customers if such wines and distilled spirits shall be available for sale at auction on said premises; provided, however, that no single serving of said wine or distilled spirits shall exceed ¼ of an ounce; and provided further, that such licensee shall control the dispensing of said wines and distilled spirits.Urban Golf Smithfield Hotels, London.
Hotels near Urban Golf SmithfieldThis HotelMap shows hotels near Urban Golf Smithfield. Urban Golf Smithfield is in the London area called City. Main attractions near Urban Golf Smithfield include St Bartholomew The Great, Museum Of London, St Paul's Cathedral. The nearest station is Farringdon Tube Station. This Urban Golf Smithfield HotelMap connects live to nearby hotels - showing you true room availability and the latest special offer rates directly from the hotels.
Luxury Hotel
4 minutes walk from Urban Golf Smithfield
4 minutes walk from Urban Golf Smithfield
7 minutes walk from Urban Golf Smithfield....
Hotel
8 minutes walk from Urban Golf SmithfieldHere's an interesting little story about a Greeley, Colorado family which has possessed a letter which contains an eyewitness account of the Lincoln assassination on April 14, 1865. The family has owned the letter since the 1930's, when the letter was found in an old trunk.
The letter, written in 1897 by Ohio congressman James Morris, gives a detailed account of how the shooting interrupted the play. It also quotes John Wilkes Booth as having said "Sic Semper Tyrannis" (Thus Always To Tyrants) on stage after the shooting before making his escape.
The letter will be donated this week to the Abraham Lincoln Library and Museum in Springfield, Illinois. It's admirable that the family would do this, because they could certainly earn a few thousand dollars from selling it. Now the letter will be available for everyone to enjoy and research. The Museum has authenticated the letter. It would be interesting to know if Congressman Morris was truly at Ford's Theater that night or simply "remembered" being there.
3 comments:
I don't understand why you'd imply that Morris wasn't there when the letter clearly states that he was watching the play. Do you have reason to believe he invented the story of having been an eyewitness to the shooting?
I must agree, why the skepticism? Here is a genuine historical document, and with no reason to instill doubt I say let the evidence stand on its own.
The article from which I obtained the information did not explain how the letter was authenticated. It also did not provide information about it was proven that the gentleman was at Ford's Theater. Did Morris have a ticket stub to that night's peformance to prove he was there?
One reason I'm so skeptical is because Morris' recollections of the night's events were so highly accurate. I've read articles in history magazines and books on the assassination how wildly varied the eyewitness reports were. Even the eyewitness reports taken from audience members that very night differed on what Booth said (or didn't say), whether he jumped to the stage or not, and so on. So if people weren't even clear just what happened that very night, then how can Morris recollect so accurately 30 years after the fact?
Perhaps I'm too skeptical. But it's better to be skeptical about history than it is to believe everything you read. Historians need facts and by itself, a letter written decades later doesn't prove that Morris was there. There has to be more to this story than the Lincoln Museum authenticated the letter without facts backing it up.TLC
Estate Sales
Los Angeles & San Diego completed over 1000
online auctions. Our contract commission covers this service.
If
you have items that you would like to sell, but not enough for an
estate sale- we can sell these items for you via consignment and place
them on online auction. We have extensive experience selling on eBay
and know the best ways to market your items online.
Please
contact TLC Estate Sales and Services at
(888) 882-1128 for more information.
Or
visit our contact page and drop us a note, no question is ever left
unanswered !FLIGHT DEPT PROFILE
Deere & Company—60 years of plowing the airways and sowing seeds of business
Gulfstream V, 2 Cessna Citation Xs and a Sovereign link MLI with ag and forestry markets in North America and around the world.
By Phil Rose
Managing Editor
More than 2 dozen strong, Deere & Company’s MLI-based flight department with company GV and Citation X. Annual utilization runs around 700 hrs across the fleet.
Mention the name John Deere anywhere and your audience thinks immediately of tractors and an endless range of farm equipment. John Deere is that rare thing—a global brand, its signature green and yellow colors as unmistakable as its leaping deer logo.
It was a plowing innovation that started blacksmith John Deere on the long furrow to immortality and fortune. In 1836 the 32-year-old Deere moved from Vermont to Illinois and saw that the heavy Midwest soil posed a huge problem for settlers used to the lighter soils of the East.
Quite simply, the soil would stick to the cast-iron blade of the traditional horse-drawn plow, requiring the farmer to stop every few feet to clean it off. Deere developed a plow blade of polished steel—what he called a “self-scouring plow”—that repelled the soil effectively.
Its first public demonstration in 1838 was a resounding success, orders for the new plow came flooding in, and John Deere’s invention went on to change the course of agriculture. Within 10 years Deere was producing 1000 steel plows a year, and in 1848 he moved his successful and growing business to Moline IL on the banks of the Mississippi.
In 2008, Deere & Company, its world headquarters still in Moline, reported net sales of $25.8 billion. A world player by any standard, its non-US business last year accounted for 49% of total sales—up from 43% in 2007.
Worldwide, Deere & Company employs more than 50,000 people. The company that John Deere founded more than 170 years ago has evolved into a gigantic enterprise whose products include tractors, harvesters, backhoes, excavators and mowers.
Deere & Company is also engaged in construction and forestry, water and irrigation technology, and development of intelligent vehicle systems.
Developing business and aviation
Deere & Company’s association with aviation began in 1926, when it subsidized a hangar at Moline to be used for the Chicago–Moline–Dallas air mail route.
(Top L–R) Founder John Deere, 1855 plow ad, 1920 Waterloo Boy tractor, Riding Greens Mower, R-Gator unmanned ground vehicle, harvester and construction equipment on display at John Deere Pavilion in Moline. (Main photo) Early group shot—Beech Bonanza 35, Aero Commander 500, Beech 18, Aero Commander 500 and Bonanza 35 at MLI. (Bottom L–R) Travel Air, Grumman Widgeon, Douglas DC3, Lockheed JetStar, GV, today’s fleet in hangar.
Later that year a Travel Air owned by Campbell–Deschepper was painted with the name “John Deere,” but this appears to have been solely for advertising purposes. Recognizing the importance of seeking out new business and maintaining links with existing customers, Deere & Company was an early practitioner of business aviation philosophy.
In 1945 it established a flight department and acquired a Grumman Widgeon amphibian to land on Lake Michigan—which facilitated attendance at business meetings in downtown Chicago.
This was the first of a huge array of aircraft that Deere & Company would use over the years. (Early types included the Beech 17, Beech 18/C45, Fairchild PT26, Navion and numerous other single and twin pistons.)
First John Deere pilot was Joseph James, a former barnstormer who had earned his license in 1916. By the mid-1960s Deere & Company had acquired its first turbine equipment—a Gulfstream I.
A decade later it had moved into the jet age and was flying 3 Citation 500s, a Lockheed JetStar and a GII. In the years that followed there were Citation 550s, 650s (Citation VIs), a GV and a Challenger 601-3R.
Today, the Deere & Company flight department employs 24 people—15 of them pilots—and operates a Gulfstream V, a Citation Sovereign and 2 Cessna Citation Xs from MLI (Moline IL) on domestic and international missions.
Running today’s operation
Deere & Company’s Citation Xs were delivered in late 2002 and late 2004, replacing an earlier GV and one of 2 Citation VIs, respectively. The company traded its remaining Citation VI to Cessna against the Sovereign, which was delivered new in late 2006.
At about the same time—Nov 2006—it acquired a preowned 2001-model Gulfstream V. All 4 aircraft have Honeywell avionics—Primus 2000 on the Citation Xs, Primus Epic on the Citation Sovereign and SPZ8500 on the GV.
Heading up the flight department is John Deere Global Aviation Services Dir Larrie Dahl—a 20,000-hr pilot who describes joining Deere & Company in 2002 as “the best choice I ever made in my life.” Dahl had spent the previous 21 years as aviation mgr for a Midwest manufacturing company.
The flight department consists of 15 pilots (including Dahl), 6 technicians and 3 schedulers, plus 1 contract administrative assistant. Contract flight attendants are employed as required. Seven people report directly to Dahl—4 pilots, the scheduling supervisor, the chief inspector and the supervisor of technicians.
Deere & Company Senior VP & CFO Jim Field (L) with Dir Global Aviation Services Larrie Dahl and the company’s EVS-equipped Gulfstream V. Field says, “Larrie and the team have built a unique esprit de corps which is really gratifying to see and be part of.”
International pilots—who account for about half—report to Mgr Flight Ops Jay Sears, while newer pilots report to Sears’ counterpart, Mgr Flight Standards Tim Toal. Salaries are “in line with industry standards,” says Dahl. Benefits include medical, dental, 401K and a specific loss-of license insurance program for pilots. Utilization runs at about 700 hrs annually across the fleet.
As Dahl says, “We do a lot of flying.” Most pilots are cross trained and may fly as copilot (SIC) on any of the 3 types. However, as Dahl explains, to avoid pilots having to stay current on 3 different types, company policy requires that they only fly as captain (PIC) on 2. Typically, the 3rd type would be the GV—in part because missions involving an overnight flight require 3 pilots.
Overseas trips are a key part of the department’s mission, says Dahl, and about 40% of all flights are international. In addition to its world headquarters in Moline, Deere & Company has headquarters facilities in Mannheim, Germany, Porto Alegre, Brazil and Singapore.
Consequently, visits to FKB (Karlsruhe/Baden-Baden, Germany), POA (Porto Alegre RS, Brazil) and SIN (Changi, Singapore) are quite frequent. The Citation Xs are often used on missions to South America, Europe and Russia—but not to China, India or Australia because of fuel stop requirements. For such ultralong-haul trips, the Gulfstream V comes into its own.
Deere & Company also operates a regular domestic shuttle linking MLI with the company’s Agriculture & Turf Division marketing centers in Lenexa KS and Cary NC, flying into IXD (New Century, Olathe KS) and RDU (Raleigh–Durham NC), respectively.
1Bijay Kant Dubey
Kulwant Singh Gill As A Poet - Poem by Bijay Kant Dubey
Kulwant Singh Gill as a poet writing in English
But one of symbolical depth and narrative skill,
Free-floating ideas and images,
The stanzas running smoothly,
A poet from the Punjab, Ludhiana.
Scattered Beads,1989, Beyond the Spectrum,1990,
Passionate Pilgrim,1994,
Thus Spake Punjab,1999,
Saint Soldier Supreme: Guru Gobind Singh,1999,
The collections of poems.
A Ph.D. on Aldous Huxley from the Punjab Univ., Chandigarh
In 1976,
A retired professor from
The Deptt. of Journalism, Languages and Culture
Of Punjab Agriculture Unv., Ludhiana,
This is what his bio-profile speaks of.
Apart from his appearance in the Tribune,
He has been writing for quite a long time,
A poet so good at craftsmanship and handling,
Writing longer stanzas of verse,
Laden with thought and meaning.
As a poet narrative and descriptive,
His poems are readings in thought and ideas
Combined with the images
Of pulsating and the world vibrant with,
Really, a fruitful reading
Enriching with experience and feeling.
Gill is a poet of the Punjab,
Of the murmuring Jhelum river and the Dal Lake,
The farmland and the country homes,
The scent of the soil,
Telling about the passionate poet pilgrim’s journeys into
Into the lands visited and lived.ulwant Singh Gill As A Poet by Bijay Kant DubeyPrincipal Investigator, Center for Immunology and Inflammatory Diseases, Massachusetts General Hospital
Director of the Clinical and Translational Research Program, MGH Heart Center
Associate Professor of Medicine, Harvard Medical School
Senior Associate, Broad Institute of Harvard and MIT
Dr. Gerszten’s research efforts focus on understanding the molecular basis of injury responses in cardiovascular disease. His laboratory has incorporated emerging proteomics and metabolomics technologies to help identify novel signals derived from leukocytes, endothelial cells, or from the myocardium. In ongoing translational studies, his group applies these same methodologies directly to samples from well-phenotyped human cohorts to identify candidate biomarkers, returning again to the bench to define functional roles. The research incorporates basic molecular and cell biology, chemistry and mass spectrometry, bioinformatics, all with a foundation in clinical medicine. The overall goal is to identify new metabolites and proteins that mark cardiovascular disease activity, shed insight into disease progression, and provide targets for therapeutic intervention.
Principal Investigator:
A study led by Robert Gerszten, MD, director of clinical and translational research at the Massachusetts General Hospital Institute for Heart, Vascular and Stroke Care, identifies a biomarker that can predict diabetes risk.
Phone: 617-724-8322
Hours: Mon-Fri 8:30am-5pm
Public Transportation Access: yes
Disabled Access: yes
Administrative Assistant - Colleen Squires
Tel: 617-726-1527
Laboratory Manager - Sumita Sinha, PhD
Tel: 617-726-0725Thank you for visiting this website (this "Site").
It is owned and operated by SLA (hereinafter referred to us "SLA", "we" or "us")..
If you are interested in the material on the Site and you wish to use or start building your own Web Application(s) using the API and the Data for any commercial purpose, then you will need to complete the online registration process and as part of that process click to accept the terms of the Developer Agreement.Mount Vernon Missionary Baptist Church
4881 South College Street
Auburn, AL 36832
Phone: 334.826.0454
To apply for an account, click here
Forgot username or password?
Mission:
To lift the Pastor up in prayer; to meet the needs of the Pastor, First Lady and their children by providing moral, spiritual, and financial support.
Scripture:
Goals:
The Pastor’s Aide Committee Pastor in fulfilling his goals for the church and community. The members of this ministry will maintain a persona that is acceptable to our Pastor, our congregation, but above all others, to our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
Sis. Bernice Hutchinson
Sis. Mary Ann Gunn
Sis. Terrell Jones
Sis. Marnette Wilson
Sis. Willie Mae Stokes
Sis. LaTraysa CarlisleStudent government association sponsors golf outing for cystic fibrosis
14th annual Fenwick Open to rally Xavier community for charity | September 10, 2003
The outing will be held at Cincinnatis Pebble Creek Golf Course on Saturday, Oct. 11, beginning at 1:30 p.m. Lunch and dinner are provided, golf tips are available, door prizes are offered and trophies are awarded. The annual Circle of Honor award will be presented to a member of the Xavier community who has exemplified extraordinary service to Xavier.
Cost of the event, co-sponsored by the office of student development, is $60 per person (non-student) and $30 per student. All Xavier students, faculty, staff, administration and alumni are invited to attend, as well as all other interested members of the Cincinnati community. Corporate sponsorship packages are available to local businesses that wish to participate.
The golf outing is named in honor of Cincinnatis first Archbishop and founding father of the University, Fr. Edward Dominic Fenwick.
Registration must be completed by Oct. 3. Forms are available at. For more information or to register, contact Meagan Quick at 513 745-3345 or Kathleen Koester at 513 745-4242.THE DAILY WHIP: MONDAY, OCTOBER 28, 2013
**Following one minute speeches, the House is expected to recess until approximately 4:00 p.m. At that time, the House will reconvene and consider the six bills listed for consideration under suspension of the Rules. Any recorded votes requested will be)).Just a fantasy wish list about gearing up the A6M5 Zero, for late-war fights.
1) Kinsei 62 Engine
The Zero really needed an engine upgrade after two years. 1100 hp just wasn’t going to do it, and you can’t squeeze any more from the old Sakae engine. The Zero was very good at pulling its nose up, and was very light so that the initial climb seemed impressive, but the speed soon levelled off. Allied planes could run going up (eventually) or diving down.
It should have had the Kinsei 62 engine (1550 hp) for the A6M5 upgrade, like the engineers wanted.
2) Aileron servo tabs
Very important to improve the roll rate at high speeds. The Zero’s ailerons became very stiff at 300mph, barely moveable. Servo tabs increase leverage and will make them usable. Rolling well makes the plane’s movements less predictable and pilots can respond more quickly.
The Zero actually had them in the beginning, but pilots went wild and overstressed the wings doing high-speed roll and tight turns, risking break-up in mid-air. So Horikoshi removed them to get the pilots to slow down.
Put them back on. Late-war aces don’t do steep turns, they fly fast, barrel-roll and slide a lot.
3) IJAAF Ho-5 cannon
The Navy’s Type 99-1 autocannons had poor firing rate and muzzle velocity. You had to be close in to hit anything. The Type 99-2 had higher muzzle velocity but worse firing rate, you can shoot further out but tend to miss. You could install a bunch of them and compensate for the firing rate, if the plane could take it, like the Shiden-Kai and the Raiden. But the Zero is just too small. There’s just no room.
Meanwhile the Imperial Japanese Army Air Force had a good autocannon of their own, the Ho-5. Muzzle velocity like a Type 99-2, and firing rate like a machine gun.
A couple of hot Ho-5 on a Zero would be just nice. You turn your plane and rip your target at a shocking distance, just when he thinks he’s beyond range.
4) A Working Radio
Team tactics are hard to do without a working radio. Actually there was nothing wrong with the radio itself. The engine’s ignition system was interfering with it, every time a spark plug fired. Somehow it took them almost three years to realize it and shield the radio.
So… increased engine power, tabs for better high-speed roll, Army autocannons, and a shielded radio. Not too much ask for, Shirley?
Aww, forget the Zero. Put four hot Ho-5 in a Shiden-Kai please.(PRWEB) September 17, 2012
Troy Broussard, co-owner of ArticlesOnTap.com, a leading content marketing company is pleased to announce he will be on stage with an all star ensemble at this Ryan Lee event. Renowned entrepreneur, best-selling author and event organizer Ryan Lee is receiving a lot of attention after announcing the world's first professional event for those building a business online that disavows the trends of hype and endless pitches, the Dot Comp Xpo 2012. Featuring keynote speaker Daymond John, founder of lifestyle brand FUBU and star of ABC's Shark Tank, will bring his insights to the event which will feature a world-class roster of presenters who will focus on providing genuine content that attendees can put to use right away rather than on selling themselves. Content is king for online entrepreneurs and Dot Com Xpo has been designed with this fact in mind, focusing on the tactical side of marketing and highlighting a range of topics crucial to those doing business on the web today.
The event will take place from October 11th to October 13th at the Hilton Stamford in Stamford, Connecticut and is expected to sell out the 1,000 spots open to those who would like to attend. Topics include Lifestyle Business with event host Ryan Lee, Branding with Marie Forleo, Traffic Generation with Eric Goeres, Joint Venture Brokering with Willie Crawford, Starting a Web TV Show with David Garland, Traffic from Pinterest with Laura Waage, Building a Large Membership Site with Chris Farrell, Advertising on Youtube with Casey Zeman, Maximizing Facebook Fan Pages with Rosh Khan, Successful Thinking with Brian Grasso, Time Saving with Andrew Lock, Media Buying with Scott Rewick, List Building with Brian Edmondson, Real Time Training with Steve Dimmick, Facebook Ads with Brian Bagnall, Google Ads with Chad Hamzeh, Outsourcing with Ric Thompson, Building Authority with Troy Broussard, Copywriting with Kevin Rogers, Blog Design with Derek Halpern, Membership Retention with Stu McLaren, Becoming a Creative Genius with Dean Hunt, and Profiting Big From a Small List with John Sanpietro. With so many topics from such respected names and such a fresh, innovative approach to presenting them, this year's Dot Com Xpo is certain to sell out quickly.
Ryan Lee began his online career in 1999 while still a rehab therapist at a children's hospital, focusing his efforts on the fitness web site that would grow to become a multi-million dollar enterprise. From there, Lee authored a pair of books aimed at helping entrepreneurs achieve the wealth they want using passions they already have. Lee is now taking his experience and down to Earth approach to events like Dot Com Xpo to ensure that today's online entrepreneurs can connect with others who care more about content than fast talk and glittering promises. Those who want to leave a legacy by building a legitimate business and taking it to its full potential will appreciate Lee's gathering of like-minded speakers that have all been in the trenches themselves.
Those wishing to register for Dot Com Xpo 2012 can do so by visiting today.Definitions for macaroonˌmæk əˈrun
This page provides
A macaroon is a type of light, baked confection, described as either small cakes, almonds, coconut, or nuts. Almost all call for sugar. Macaroons are sometimes baked on edible rice paper placed on a baking tray., 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.22 February 2012 17:39 [Source: ICIS news]
MEDELLIN, Colombia (ICIS)--Venezuela President Hugo Chavez has announced the country may build a petrochemicals plant at the Santa Ines industrial complex, the government said on Wednesday.
The industrial complex is an agro-industrial project in the Barinas province of Venezuela, the Venezuelan ministry of communication and information said.
Chavez also presented proposals for the construction of a pipeline from the Orinoco oil producing region to Barinas and a railroad line to the complex.
"Here we could even install a petrochemical plant,” Chavez said. “We have all the conditions to turn Venezuela into an agricultural powerhouse."
The Venezuelan information ministry did not return phone calls and emails requesting further information.
Petroleos de Venezuela (PDVSA) announced on 5 January that it had begun construction of the Batalla de Santa Ines refinery.
The refinery will be part of the Santa Ines Industrial Complex, which will include asphalt plants, fuel-loading docks, a power plant and truck and tractor production facilities, PDVSA said.
Excavation began for the areas including the process units, storage tanks, control centre buildings and fire department. The work is expected to last 180 days, according to the company.
The refinery project is expected to cost $2.9bn (€2.2bn) and will supply fuel, such as diesel and gasoline, to the domesticA COTSWOLDS Guide group which is celebrating its 45th birthday this year is inviting former members to join them at a tea party next weekend.
The event run by the First Guiting Power Guides will be held at the village hall in Church Lane from 2pm until 5pm on Sunday, June 29.
Unit leader Lil Minns said: “We’re trying to track down as many of the ex-guides and anyone who used to help out in the past 45 years.
“But so far that’s proven quite difficult.
“Hopefully they will come and have some cake and bring photos and memories with them.”
For more information call 01541 820 844 or email lilminns@gmail.com.>> – Fit Marketing has acquired Salt Lake City-based TOFU Marketing. All of TOFU's employees will join Fit. This acquisition is the second within the last year. In 2012, Fit acquired Big Start, a firm focused on marketing for startups.
"At Fit we dare to dream big, and our aim is nothing short of becoming the best inbound marketing company in the world," said Owen Fuller, founder and president of Fit Marketing.
"We're thrilled to be adding our skills to Fit, creating a unique blend of talent that stands above what others have to offer," said TOFU founder Chris Kilbourn.
info@utahbusiness.com | 90 South 400 West, Ste 650 Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 | (801) 568-0114
Advertise with Utah Business'swine flu' on Serious Eats
What's On Your Quarantine Food Wish List?
While the worst of this month’s swine flu hysteria seems to have passed, authorities in some areas are still exercising extreme caution. After a visitor to the Wanchai Metropark hotel in Hong Kong tested positive for the virus, the Hong Kong health department—still reeling from the SARS epidemic six years ago—decided to hold the hotel’s three hundred other guests for a seven-day quarantine. Finding the hotel food options growing stale, guests have started exploring their delivery food alternatives. And while some are relying on Pizza Hut, the Wall Street Journal reports, “French guests have taken it up a notch: Their consulate has arranged for French dishes like poulet à la moutarde to be brought in.” Oh, the French—always providing for... More
Unofficial 'Support Pork Week'
You.... More
Send a Pro-Eating Pig Card
Swine Flu: Can You Still Eat Pork? All Signs Point to Yes
This little piggy ... is safe to eat. If reports about swine flu and goverments banning pork imports are making you think twice about eating that bacon, don't worry: the World Health Organization (WHO) says swine flu isn't passed through meat and that it is safe to eat pork products. The flu strain in question, H1N1 influenza A virus, is named after swine because it originated in pigs and used to have little effect on humans, but because of recent mutations it has become more harmful to humans, says BBC News.... MoreJuly 2, 2014 Source: The Wrestling Observer WWE Tough Enough Filming Being Delayed?Filming for the return of WWE Tough Enough on the Network was supposed to begin sometime this week at the Performance Center, however with recent budget cuts filming could be delayed. People involved with the show's production have been told to lower the production costs as best they can. Cena to Miss Upcoming WWE Events WWE World Champion John Cena will be missing some weekend live events coming up this summer, as he's just signed on to appear in 2 major movies. Major Names at "Von Erich's Homecoming". Vince Reportedly Calling for More WWE Cuts, Backstage Fear, WWE Orders CM Punk Out of MITB Video Latest Plans for Roman Reigns at WM31, WWE Talents Told to Be More Aggressive, Update on Monday Night Wars on Network carlitoJohn Cenakevin-von-erichmick foleyscott hallsean waltmanWWEwwe performance centerWWE Tough Enough Have a news tip? Attended an event and want to send a live report? Submit it now!The Trademark Registration Process from Start to Finish
New clients often ask what it takes to get a federal trademark registration. Here’s a quick rundown:
1. Trademark clearance - The first step entails searching the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office’s database to find previously-filed applications and registrations to determine if your trademark would create a likelihood of confusion. If the marks are similar and the goods or services are similar, the PTO’s examining attorney will deny your application. It makes sense to know what your chances are of getting your trademark registered before you file (and pay the fees). Generic, descriptive, and other types of marks also will be refused and, therefore, risk not being registered.
2. Filing the application - It’s easy to fill out the PTO’s interface. The challenge is making judgment calls along the way, including who owns the application; whether any part of the mark needs to be disclaimed as being unprotectable; how to describe the associated goods or services; what the PTO will accept as proof of use; and whether the mark is generic, descriptive, likely to cause confusion with an existing application or registration, or is subject to any of the other statutory bars to registration. The PTO charges $275 per class of goods or services (if you avail yourself of one of its pre-approved descriptions) and $325 if you write your own.
3. Examination - After filing, your application will sit in an electronic “in” box for a few months before anyone looks at it. When your time comes, an examining attorney will review your application for completeness and against the statutory bars to registration. The more common refusals are for being descriptive and for causing a likelihood of confusion with an existing application or registration. If the examining attorney objects, he or she will issue an “office action” explaining the basis for the refusal. You will then have six months to respond in an effort to address the deficiency or to change the examining attorney’s mind.
4. Publication - Once you clear the examination hurdle, you’re almost home free. The next step is the PTO publishes your mark for potential opposition by third parties. Once published, third parties have 30 days to file a notice of opposition, essentially starting a mini-lawsuit about whether you are entitled to your registration. Third parties can oppose based most commonly on claimed earlier trademark rights in a confusingly similar trademark. Opposition proceedings are decided by a three-judge panel of the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, the PTO’s administrative law arm.
5. Notice of allowance - If you filed on an intent-to-use (reservation) basis, after clearing the examination and publication hurdles, the PTO issues a “notice of allowance.” That means your mark has been accepted subject to your proving that you have put your mark to use in connection with all of the goods or services listed in your application. You have six months to do so. The PTO charges $100 to process your proof of use. If you need extra time, you can literally buy some. The PTO charges $150 per class of goods to extend the time to file your proof of use by six months. You can keep paying for extensions every six months for up to three years. After that point, if you haven’t proven that you have put your mark to use, your application will be deemed to be abandoned — as if your application had never been filed.
6. Registration - If the PTO accepts your proof of use (if you filed on an intent-to-use basis) or if you cleared the examination and publication hurdles (if you filed on a use basis), the PTO will issue your registration. Congratulations — you’ve accomplished your goal. The filing-to-registration process takes at least 10-12 months.
7. Maintenance - After getting your registration, you’re in the clear for five years. But then you need to start making a series of periodic filings with the PTO to keep your registration current and, in one instance, to cut off potential attacks on your registration. Failure to do so can work to abandon your registration.
I hope this clarifies the process!
View Printer Friendly Version
Reader Comments' $150 Atleast 200 GB Internal Hard DrivesJoey's Notes: Bash shell basics
By Joey Prestia
It is often said that the real power of Linux lies at the command line - and this is true. Unfortunately, many new Linux users start out trying Linux as a desktop operating system and get frustrated when they discover the frequent necessity of using the command line - an unfamiliar and thus uncomfortable environment. This usually happens when they need to install from a tarball (compileable source code in a tar.gz file) and discover that they have to type commands or navigate to a specific directory. To make matters worse, the directory-separator slash (/) is the wrong way if they're used to DOS.
Or perhaps they need to get video playback to work right - something that can still be quite challenging under Linux. These types of things can be quite difficult for new users because of numerous differences in the operating systems. My purpose here is to try to make the transition easier by explaining some basics that should help, whether you are trying to learn Linux formally or just starting out as a desktop user trying to break away from Microsoft.
In reality, Linux will become a whole lot easier if you get familiar with just a few key concepts. Among those things is the directory structure: for example, there's no more C:\ drive. Instead, Linux has the root of the file system located at '/', which is equivalent to C:\ in Windows. No matter how many drives there are in a Linux system, there will only be one filesystem tree - more drives just increase the available space. Linux does not use the concept of one directory tree for each drive like Windows does.
Learning the structure of this directory tree is one of the biggest hurdles for the new user. As an example, the part of the system containing your personal files is referred to as your home directory; its name is the same as your username, and it is located under the '/home' directory. There is a link to a great little tutorial at the end of this article that may take a couple of hours to go through, but it will definitely help you to get familiar with Linux.
Most commands in Linux are some short form of what the command does; e.g., the ls command stands for 'list', and cd being short for change directory. Just by learning a few simple commands you will be able to navigate your system effectively and perform many tasks, but be patient - it takes time. Linux has around 3000+ commands.
[ Actually, that statement is both true and misleading. Every program in Linux is a command, but you only need to know a tiny percentage of these to work on the command line effectively. In general, the standard Unix toolkit (e.g., this list of commands) is all that's necessary - and even experts are rarely completely familiar with all of these. In my opinion, knowing about 40 of these commands will suffice the average user 99.9% of the time. -- Ben ]
All of these have similarities in their syntax, and there are some basic concepts that are uniform across all commands. Perhaps the most important thing to remember is the man command; whenever you need to use some unfamiliar command, just type man command. This will pop up the manual page for that command, giving you information that you may need before you execute it.
Syntax
The syntax of a command refers to the grammar of the sequence that we enter on the command line. To verify the syntax for a specific command, a quick glimpse at the appropriate man page will usually clear things up; this information is found under the SYNOPSIS heading. For most commands, the syntax is 'command options argument'.
-.
Most people have problems deciding where to put a space in the command line. The best guideline is that there should be spaces after every command and between all options preceded by a minus. Arguments may or may not require preceding spaces. Again, the man page is often the best guide.
The Prompt
The first thing you'll see when working in the command shell is the shell prompt. Looking at it will normally tell you what user you are, your system hostname, and your location on the system.
[ This is not necessarily true on many other Unix systems, or even in some of the smaller Linux distros. Often, the prompt consists of nothing more than '$', '%', or '#' to show your user level and shell type; for more information, you may need to either configure the prompt or use some of the toolkit informational commands. -- Ben ]
Looking at the sample below, we can see that our username is 'tom'. This is followed by the @ symbol which separates the username from the system hostname; if you never named your system, it may have 'localhost' in this position. Following this, we have the '~' character which indicates that we are in this user's home directory. Finally, we have the '$' character; this tell us, in a general fashion, the level of permissions that we have as a user. This varies across different shells; for example, the C shells (csh, tcsh) will use '%' for a standard user, while the Bourne shell and its derivatives (sh, ksh, bash, zsh, and a number of others) will usually use '$'. The root user (the system's superuser) gets a special prompt of '#'; this lets the user know to be very, very cautious and precise in the commands they issue, since the root user can easily destroy or damage the system.
Regular User:
[tom@station1 ~]$
Root User:
[root@station1 ~]#
Typing the command echo $SHELL tom finds out he is using Bash (a.k.a., the "Bourne Again Shell".) The 'echo' command in this example prints the value of the $SHELL variable to the screen. The Bash shell is normally the default shell on most modern Linux systems.
[tom@station1 ~]$ echo $SHELL /bin/bash
If the current directory is not shown in the prompt, the first important command you should learn is pwd which is short for "print working directory". This will reveal the full path as we can see below.
[tom@station1 ~]$ pwd /home/tom
Commands
Commands are either shell built-ins, compiled executable programs, or executable scripts located somewhere on your system. The shell is a command interpreter which reads certain environment variables (you can see these by typing 'env' at the command line) when you open a command shell. When you type a command, the command interpreter will search the directories listed in the PATH variable to find the program you've asked it to execute. If it is not a shell built-in, an alias to a command, a defined function, or a program in the defined path, the command interpreter returns the 'command not found' error.
[tom@station1 ~]$ print help me bash: print: command not found
There are many commands - maybe too many. To see how many you have available, just hit the 'tab' key twice in a terminal; this will show you a number and ask if you actually want to see all of them. Don't worry: you'll never need to know most of them (many of these are invoked by other commands or via GUI menus.) No one can remember them all - there wouldn't be any point to it in the first place - and learning just a handful will help you out greatly on any Linux system.
Commands are case sensitive and are normally lower case. Another important thing to remember is that many commands (e.g., copying, moving, attaching a device, etc.) work in a "what to where" fashion:
cp /my/source/file /destination/file/or/directory mv /from/here /to/there mount /dev/mydevice /directory/to/mount/in
Switches and Options
Switches and options are used to modify the action of the command. They are usually preceded immediately by either a single or double dash, and are in the form of letters or full words. Some commands will require options and some will not. Here are some samples:
Simple command:
[tom@station1 ~]$ ls
Short option example:
[tom@station1 ~]$ ls -a
Multiple short options:
[tom@station1 ~]$ ls -a -h -i
Multiple short options can be grouped:
[tom@station1 ~]$ ls -ahi
Long option example:
[tom@station1 ~]$ ls --all
Multiple long options:
[tom@station1 ~]$ ls --all --human-readable --inode
Normally, short options can be grouped together if more than one is required. In addition, some short options have equivalent long options which perform the same action.
Arguments
An argument is usually an object that the command operates on; whether a command takes an argument at all depends on the command. For example, the command ls can take an argument, but if none is supplied the command assumes the current working directory is the argument and lists the current directory. An example of a command that takes no arguments is 'true': it takes only options. Again, arguments vary depending on the command and a great many commands have a default argument.
Getting Help Using the Man Pages
When using the command line, it is advantageous to get in the habit of using Linux's built-in manual page system, also called the "man" pages. At first glance, the man pages can look intimidating and very cryptic. Be assured, though - they are very helpful and necessary. By using them you will greatly enhance the speed at which you are learning Linux. To see the man pages for a command, merely type 'man command' and a screen with information will pop up. To navigate a man page, you use the arrow keys and page-up/page-down keys to scroll, and the letter "q" to quit. There are a number of other navigation keys for searching, jumping to the top or the bottom, and so on; these depend on the pager program (usually 'more' or 'less', with the latter being most common.) You can read about these by hitting the 'h' key (help) while browsing the man page.
When you look at any man page, you will notice several section headings:
-
The Linux system was originally designed for the command line user, and if you know how to find the help that you need, you will have access to far more power than the average desktop user can even imagine. Another helpful source of information, if it is installed on your machine, is the 'info' command; this is the Texinfo documentation system, which contains the official documentation of the GNU Project. Some systems have both 'man' and 'info' available. It is a good idea to check both and see if one offers more information that is to your liking. Generally info pages tend to be easier to understand then the man pages, although in some instances the information is identical. To use the info system, type info command or just info to get familiar with it.
Tab Completion
Another helpful feature of the Linux command line is tab command completion and path completion. If you are not sure of the correct complete spelling of a command or a file name you can just type a couple of the initial letters of that command and hit the 'tab' key to see what the Bash shell comes up with for assistance. If the command specified by what you've typed so far is unique, it will complete the task for you by filling in the spelling; if not, it will present you with a list of possible choices.
Assuming, for example, that you need a command that can help you configure your sound card but only remember that it starts with "syst". Just type
[tom@station1 ~]$ syst
Then hit tab (you may need to hit it twice depending on your configuration) which should reward you with the following output:
system-cdinstall-helper system-config-rootpassword system-config-authentication system-config-samba system-config-date system-config-securitylevel system-config-display system-config-securitylevel-tui system-config-kdump system-config-selinux system-config-keyboard system-config-services system-config-language system-config-soundcard system-config-lvm system-config-time system-config-network system-config-users system-config-network-cmd system-control-network system-config-packages system-install-packages system-config-printer systool
From this, you can see the name of the command you need: system-config-soundcard. This also works with paths to files. To use this feature and get the feel of how it works, start by typing a directory path - but after typing a couple of characters hit the tab key and see if it auto-completes for you. If it does not, it's because there is not enough characters to differentiate it from another possible choice. You can try adding another character or couple of characters and hitting the tab key again; this will allow it to complete for you. This can actually save you a lot of typing: 'cat /usr/include/c++/4.0.4/i486-linux-gnu/bits/messages_members.h' becomes 'cat /u⇒i⇒c+⇒⇒0.⇒i⇒b⇒m⇒' - 22 characters instead of 66!
Command History
Using the arrow keys also can make things easier. In Bash, these are mapped to what is called the command history: using the up arrow will take you to the previous executed command, and hitting the up arrow twice will take you back two commands. Of course, the down arrow does the opposite and moves you forward in the command history until no more commands are left. To see everything in the command history type history on the command line; recalling a previous command anywhere in the list can be done with 'Ctrl-R' and typing a part of that command. A command can also be recalled by noting its number in the 'history' output and typing an exclamation point followed by that number. There are many more shortcuts available; you can read about these in the 'HISTORY' section of 'man bash'.
Some basic commands and common switches..
Complete a simple form or contact us with your event requirements and leave the planning to us!
Phone(66 2) 695 7958
89 Soi Wat Suan Plu, New Road, Bangrak, Bangkok, 10500, Thailand
T:(66 2) 236 7777
F:(66 2) 236 8579
Location MapCole Alexander of The Black Lips spoke out against Lorde's "Royals" on Tuesday to defend, in his words, "ghetto and ratchet sounding" rap music performed by people from "ratchet-ass ’hoods." It gets worse. The AV Club asked Alexander to talk about his hatesong — the song he hates the most — which gave him a chance to talk about how racially problematic he found Lorde's problematic song. Alexander manages to find a new way to white-splain rap music. While Lorde's song implies that chasing gold teeth and Maybachs reveals the empty materialism of rap music, Alexander argues that that materialism is what makes rap music great — it's the smart stuff he finds boring. Both have the same narrow, one dimensional view of rap culture, they just value it differently.
The problem with "Royals," according to Alexander, is that it puts down poor black people in ghettos who want material goods. "I feel like they come from worse parts and they aspire to get Maybachs and diamonds because they come from ratchet-ass ’hoods where they have no hope," he said. "I think it’s a bit righteous of her." That's a criticism Lorde is familiar with. As Spin argued in November, the problem with "Royals" was that it marked "the second time this year that a white pop song has appeared on hip-hop radio while framing its anti-materialism message around a critique of hip-hop signifiers." The other song was "Thrift Shop."
We'd stop short of calling her a racist, but she's definitely limited in her understanding and appreciation of the various strains of rap music out there. During an interview with New York magazine last June, she said "I’ve always listened to a lot of rap. It’s all, look at this car that cost me so much money, look at this Champagne," proving that she does not, in fact, listen to a lot of rap. In November she again argued she listens to a lot of rap "like Nicki Minaj and Drake... They all sing about such opulence, stuff that just didn't relate to me — or anyone that I knew." No one cares if "No New Friends" doesn't relate to Lorde's experience in the New Zealand suburbs, but, more importantly, her comments show that her idea of rap is as limited as it is dismissive.
Alexander's view is equally limited. The only thing he agrees with Lorde on is that Drake sucks. Lorde thinks he's "irrelevant," but Alexander thinks you can tell he didn't grow up in a ratchet ghetto based on his voice. "He didn’t have that pain in his voice, but it’s a subtle nuance," Alexander said. Other than that, he loves everything Lorde is criticizing, and he thinks rap music should be a dramatic show of anger and violence:.
He thinks good rap music is ignorant, not smart. It's ghetto and ratchet, not conscious. It's "evil" guys doing "horrible shit." Whereas you can give Lorde the benefit of the doubt, everything about Alexander's thoughts on rap music is racist. More importantly, it's further proof that good intentions don't always lead to enlightened comments. It's absolutely possible to say ignorant, horrible shit, even when you're trying give a compliment.24 CFR 241.1215 - Calculation of insurance benefits.
All of the provisions of § 207.259 of this chapter apply to subpart F of this part, except that if the lender, at the direction of the Commissioner, acquires title to the project at a foreclosure sale instituted by the holder of the senior insured mortgage, the amount of the claim determined under § 207.259(c) of this chapter shall also include an amount bid by the lender to satisfy the senior insured mortgage at the foreclosure sale..Author(s): Mecrow BC, Jack AG, Atkinson DJ, Green SR, Atkinson GJ, King A, Green B
Dr Dave Atkinson
Senior Lecturer..
Professor Alan Jack
Emeritus Professor
Professor Barrie Mecrow
Professor of Electrical Power
School of Electrical and Electronic EngineeringNewcastle University, Newcastle upon TyneNE1 7RU, United Kingdom.Email EEE Webmaster
Last updated 9 February, 2012
© 2015 Newcastle UniversityWomens Plus Size Long-Sleeve Work
Also showing items for: Womens Long-Sleeve Top Work, Plus Size Top Long-Sleeve Work
- Was: $78.00 Now:$29.88Get a put-together look with ease in a 2-piece jacket dress like the plus size Brown Chevron Jacket Dress available online at avenue.com.
dresses » Work » Clearance » Dresses & Skirts » » Outlet Specials » View All
- Was: $78.00 Now:$34.96Make it look like you have it all together in a 2-piece dress like the plus size Tribal Print Jacket Dress available online at avenue.com.
dresses » Work » » Clearance » Dresses & SkirtsAvailable in 14/16
- Was: $48.00 Now:$9.88Exercise your right to work you style in the plus size Spacedye Zip Hoodie available online at avenue.com.
Active » What's New » Active Wear » Hoodies » Clearance » Knit Tops & Tees » » Outlet Specials » View All
- Was: $55.00 Now:$19.88Mix things up with a bold print for work or a night out like the plus size Mixed Chevron Chain Blouse available online at avenue.com.
Tops » Shirts & Blouses » » Sale & Clearance » Outlet Specials » View All
- Was: $60.00 Now:$29.96Tired of your work clothes? Try something new and stylish like the plus size Abstract Jacket available online at avenue.com.
Coats » Blazers » » Clearance » JacketsAvailable in 18/20 14/16
- Was: $60.00 Now:$16.96Add a touch of feminine style to your work wardrobe with the plus size Teal Crochet Trim Button Front Shirt available online at avenue.com.
Tops » » Clearance » Shirts & BlousesAvailable in 18/20 22/24 26/28 30/32 14/16
Price: $60.00Find the perfect lightweight cardigan for work in sizes up to 32 like the plus size Spacedye Cardigan available online at avenue.com.
Tops » Cardis » CardigansAvailable in 18/20 22/24 26/28 30/32 14/16Ravi Bhavnani wrote:PS: Any plans to visit Toronto?
Mike Hankey wrote: took 1 week and I charged $1600 just labor.
Quote:Can you fit me in a week on Tuesday?
OriginalGriff wrote:who could hide it
OriginalGriff wrote:I've known a few women who could hide it in their mouths..
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.
— Edsger W. Dijkstra
OriginalGriff wrote:Hippo Birdie
Mike Hankey wrote:I hope it don't fly!
Mike Hankey wrote:that diet is not going to work.
OriginalGriff wrote:Because I changed it's WiFi SSID to "HMRC CYBERCRIME UNIT#7324"...let's see how long it takes people to notice..
Marc Clifton wrote:Somebody around here is a public WIFI called "FBI Van #2"
General News Suggestion Question Bug Answer Joke Rant Admin
Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages.Profile Information
I am a race car driver, book author, blog writer (of many blogs), motorcycle rider, husband to a great wife, and a proud father. I my daily job includes all aspects of Internet marketing, Web hosting, ecommerce, application development, and wholesale Internet services. Much of my experience is in the wholesale Internet services market, which means providing services to the people who provide the services. I have been in the Internet industry since the mid 1990's, and it is one of the few things I know very well.
Guest Blogging - Enough is EnoughBlog Post: August 27, 2012
I agree, and I often view guest blogging as a lazy outlet - on both sides. It can move a needle, but seldom does it move the needle that counts - or to the degree that is reported.
Buying Links is Shallow, Short-Term Thinking. Buying Blogs? Now that's a Strategy.Blog Post: February 21, 2012
Hey Rand, I like where you are going here. Just an FYI for you ... I'll entertain a reasonable offer. ;-)
Why Does Great Content Fail?Blog Post: November 02, 2011!
Scientific Proof Facebook is the Jersey ShoreBlog Post: January 18, 2011. ;-)
Help Us Build the 2011 Search Ranking FactorsBlog Post: January 05, 2011
Thanks! I always found them to be the most important off-page factor for me. Then again, we do things differently here in Kansas. :-)
I did not find coffee and cigarettes anywhere on the list. What kind of an operation are you running here, anyway? ;-)
Whiteboard Friday - Outsourcing Content CreationBlog Post: July 29, 2010.
SEO Chrome Toolbar is Here! Download the Mozbar for Chrome TodayBlog Post: July 27, 2010
I like it. I was a bit surprised when I downloaded it and Google only reflects seven users. I am guessing from the chatter that more than seven of us have used this, right? o_O
Google vs. Bing: Correlation Analysis of Ranking ElementsBlog Post: June 08, 2010
Thanks for the great analysis. I hope that Bing continues to become more Google-like. I cannot imagine it going the other way.Aaron Finch powers Australia to win over England in 1st ODI
Aaron Finch (121) carved himself a slice of history Sunday when he became the first home-town batsman to score a one-day international century at the MCG as he starred in Australia's comfortable six-wicket win over England in the opening match of their five-game ODI Series.
The 27-year-old, who earned a reputation as an all-out attack weapon in the Twenty20 format, rode his luck and a wave of local sentiment to score the second hundred of his 17-match ODI career and his first in Australia.
He was dismissed for 121, his second-highest ODI score following the 148 he made against Scotland last September, caught at deep third man when Australia, who were chasing 270 for victory, had the game in their keeping with 33 runs required from more than 10 overs.
The opener said he was unaware of the place he had earned in Victorian sporting folklore until after the match, and expressed surprise that local legend Dean Jones -- who was watching Finch's innings from a radio commentary box -- had not achieved that milestone during his celebrated career.
"I thought Deano (Jones) definitely would have done that before me but he must have missed out a few times," Finch said after the match.
"But it's important to start a series well as a batsman, it gives you a lot of confidence.
"Then you can play on the back of that a bit and really try to turn it into an outstanding series personally and for the team, and cement your spot.
"I don't think there's a lot of one-day cricket before the 2015 World Cup and there's a lot of players looking to shore up a place."
In the end, Australia reached the total that initially appeared challenging but was incrementally dwarfed by England's poor bowling, catching and fielding, with six wickets and 26 balls to spare as Michael Clarke (43), George Bailey (17 not out) and Glenn Maxwell (8 not out) guided their team home.
Earlier, having opted to bat first on a slowish pitch, England battled through some disciplined Australian bowling to post 269 for seven.
(Posted on 12-01-2014)It's freezing in Austin (39 degrees last night....) but nonetheless SXSW Interactive is about to kick off today. There is no doubt that the conference is hitting the mainstream this year (with Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg as keynote speaker and most of the big high-tech players participating). The program, which is notoriously hard to navigate, has grown even more in terms of depth and breadth.
SXSW has therefore teamed up with Microsoft and frog design to create a rich, interactive online community hub that facilitates real-time conversations around conference events while also providing an easy-to-us panel calendar. The Silverlight-based.
Check it out:I wouldn't claim a lot of people have found this blog, but the spammerbots sure have.
In the last few days I've received dozens of spam comments. Apparently, I'm not the only one to experience this.
Fortunately, one of the features of WordPress is an awesome spam blocker, Akismet.
All but a couple spam comments have been captured and destroyed before they reached public view.
Does anyone really order a mortgage from one of these spam sites? And just exactly what is phentermine, anyway?Why trader is selling calls in Cabot
Chris McKhann | chris.mckhann@optionmonster.com
optionMONSTER systems show that a trader bought 4,722 October 40 calls for $0.04 against previous open interest of 17,787 and sold 4,722 November 40 calls for $0.59. The November contracts were above that strike's previous open interest of 1,696, so it is a new position.
This is almost certainly a roll from October to November. The calls could have been sold naked with a bearish bias, but it is also quite possible that they were traded against long shares in a covered-call position, which would be bullish only up to the strike price. (See our Education section)
COG was up fractionally on the day to close at $36.78. The stock hit a high above $40 at the start of September was below $35 last week.
More than 16,000 COG options changed hands yesterday, 3 times its daily average for the last month.Dara Ó Briain
Dara O Briain is a comedian and columnist for the Guardian
- Dara O Briain: Would you tell Alan Shearer that his career was a failure for going to Newcastle rather than Man United? Of course not.
-
-
Dara O Briain: A rampant Leo Messi fills Arsenal fans with dread, but the Gunners could be facing zombies or Bond villains
- Dara O Briain: Inter defenders' close contact with Chelsea's Didier Drogba conjured stimulating results for the Italian side
- Dara O Briain: It's not enough to worry players with constant intrusions into their public-private lives, now people are trying to drive them insane
Dara O Briain: The ludicrous reaction to Aaron Ramsey's injury offered yet more proof that football exists in a bizarre little bubble
- Dara O Briain: Finishing 17th was a major success for the Irish women's bobsleigh team at the Winter Olympics
- Dara O Briain: A&E can wait if I'm watching Arsenal self-destruct while holding a scalded foot under a tap
Dara O Briain: With 40 different kinds of sliding and fondue, what is there not to like about the Winter Olympics?
- Dara O Briain: What little nuggets of advice did the former England captain have to offer the lesser dads in the room?
- Dara O Briain: How, please, somebody tell me, are United still in the hunt for trophies? Is it just me, or are they actually not that good?
-
- Dara O Briain: Sometimes the golf-club bonhomie is a waste of our time: we don't tune in to MOTD2 for the banter
-
-
Dara O Briain: Arsenal v Chelsea could be the first nine pointer. Who says the hype levels are not escalating?
- Dara O Briain: Thierry Henry's left hand was so fast four Swedish men could not see it send Ireland tumbling from the World Cup
- Dara O Briain: Richard Dunne has let the French team, indeed the French nation, know that this man is dragging them back
- Dara O Briain: A child excreting Scrabble tiles could not have come up with a worse name for Newcastle United's historic stadium
- Dara O Briain: Like a scene from Terminator 2 computers have now reached the point when they are cleverer than humans
-
The Higgs boson and our Nobel romance with 'lone genius'Stud fee is $1,200 for a limited time only we are offering his stud fee at $800
SHIRAZ is a well bred Arabian Thru The Lines Of Mansour(1921)/BINT SAMIHA (1925)Those two Produced The Famous NAZEER(1934 H.Inzahi Breeding)Produced One Of the most complete Arabian horse MORAFIC(1956 S.Jedran breeding).
His willingness to please & perform combined with his intelligence, beauty & grace make him an exceptional stallion. He has produced some amazing foals & passed on his looks & super sweet disposition.... (read more)
Avoid Scams and Fraud - Potential areas of fraud: wire transfer, moneygrams, money orders, cashier checks, shipping, escrow, "transaction protection", "guarantee". Check out the Buyer Safety section for more info.Knock yourself out shopping on Black Friday if you must, but do yourself a favor and save a little money for Ad Age 's Cyber Monday sale. And we do mean a little money -- very little. On Monday, Nov. 26, we're introducing ridiculously great sale pricing -- just $49.95 -- for a year's print/digital/online subscription to Advertising Age (for new subscribers only). The current best price for that combination package is $99.95.
Watch for details on the AdAge.com home page and in Ad Age 's email newsletters starting on Nov. 26.Kavcic tops Ascione at rain-soaked SA Tennis Open
JOHANNESBURG Blaz Kavcic of Slovenia beat France's Thierry Ascione 1-6, 7-5, 6-3 on a rain-soaked opening day at the SA Tennis Open on Monday.
Stephane Robert of France dropped the first set against American Brendan Evans before pulling out a 3-6, 6-2, 6-2 victory.
Filip Prpic of Sweden beat Austria's Andreas Haider-Maurer 6-1, 6-3. Fritz Wolmarans from South Africa came from a set down to beat France's Edouard Roger-Vasselin 4-6, 6-2, 6-2. Wolmarans fired 17 aces in the match.
Monaco's Benjamin Balleret had a 6-4, 7-5 win over Switzerland's Alexander Sadecky and Israel's Noam Okun defeated another Swiss, Roman Valent, 6-3, 7-5.
"My confidence hasn't been the greatest and with the rain delays it was 10 hours from start to finish in our match," Okun said. "So to finally close out the match was not only a relief but a confidence booster."
The top two seeds, 12th-ranked Gael Monfils of France and Spain's David Ferrer, are scheduled to take on players from Slovakia on Tuesday: Monfils meets Dominik Hrbaty, while Ferrer faces Karol Beck.
The Associated Press
Connect with The San Diego Union-Tribune
-
-
-
-
-[Footnote 1: The centre of the island of Socoro, or Guayteca, on the western coast of Patagonia, is in lat. 43 deg. 10’ S. and long. 73 deg. 40’ W. from Greenwich.—E.]
Under these orders, the squadron sailed from St Catharines on Sunday the 18th of January, 1741. Next day we had very squally weather, attended with rain, lightning, and thunder; but it soon cleared up again, with light breezes, and continued so to the evening of the 21st, when it again blew fresh, and, increasing all night, it became a most violent storm by next morning, accompanied by so thick a fog that it was impossible for us to see to the distance of two ships lengths, and we consequently lost sight of all the squadron. On this a signal was made, by firing guns, to bring to with the larboard tacks, the wind being due east. We in the Centurion handed the top-sails, bunted the main-sail, and lay to under a reefed-mizen till noon, when the fog dispersed, and we soon discovered all the ships of the squadron, except the Pearl, which did not join till near a month afterwards. The Tryal was a great way to leeward, having lost her main-mast in the squall, and having been obliged to cut away the wreck, for fear of bilging. We therefore bore down with the squadron to her relief, and the Gloucester was ordered to take her in tow, as the weather did not entirely abate till next day, and even then a great swell continued from the eastward, in consequence of the preceding storm. After this accident we continued to the southward with little interruption, finding the same setting of the current we had observed before our arrival at St Catharines; that is, we generally found ourselves about twenty miles to the southward of our reckoning by the log every day. This, with some inequality, lasted till we had passed the latitude of the Rio Plata, and even then the same current, however difficult to be accounted for, undoubtedly continued; for we were not satisfied in attributing this appearance to any error in our reckoning, but tried it more than once, when a calm rendered it practicable.out of the blue question.. i'm pretty much aware that the Poseidon ROM has a bug in the wifi connecting process.. is there a fix on it already? i was using the old link he posted back in XDA and i've been reading lots of posts in the same thread but it looks like they didn't get a fix? or was i just really sleepy and failed to read that there was a fix? help guys?2-4 Unit Buildings
In addition to requirements and guidelines that apply to single-family detached homes, PG&E has additional requirements for participation of 2-4 unit buildings in the Energy Upgrade California - Home Upgrade program.
Additional Requirements:
You must make sure your participating contractor has been approved by EUC to upgrade 2-4 unit homes. All property owners in the building are required to participate. Note—this is different than requiring all households or units to participate.
- For landlord-tenant properties, the building owner is the active participant/applicant and may choose to upgrade a subset of eligible units as long as each unit undergoes testing.
- For condominiums, townhouses, and tenants-in-common, all unit owners must participate in an upgrade and testing.
Incentives:
- Each unit is eligible for the EUC rebate ($1,000-$4.University of Wisconsin Stout | Wisconsin's Polytechnic University
University Library
In 1924 Lillian M. Froggatt began her thirty-one year term as head of the Stout Library. She had received her training at the University of Wisconsin and taught courses in library methods at the Oshkosh State Normal School prior to coming to Stout.
One of the first major problems Froggatt had to face in her new position was that of accreditation from the North Central Association. Stout certainly had an acceptable library when Froggatt arrived--close to 12,000 volumes for fewer than 600 students, but most of these were concentrated in the areas of industrial arts and household arts. North Central Association regulations stated that Stout had to have more books in the liberal arts areas. It was recognized that the Mabel Tainter Library did provide for many of these needs but that Stout should have its own as well. This was just one of the several difficulties that Froggatt had to handle before the library could be brought up to North Central Standards. Fortunately, one of the earliest results was that the library continued to pay for itself through a student fee ($3.50 per semester), but before Froggatt arrived, some of it was being siphoned off for other purchases. However, in 1927 Froggatt received permission to use all of the funds for the library's benefit."13
In 1928 the North Central Association granted accreditation for Stout and Froggatt was allowed continued use of the money to improve the library's holdings. The broader base of the library combined with the creation of a department of liberal arts aided in Stout's being given full college rank and recognition by the North Central Association in 193214. The introduction of the graduate school in 1935 also led to the need for an increase in the holdings of the library.
Other improvements were also made in the library at this time. In 1928 the library began to open evenings and another staff member was added bringing the total to three. By 1923 the library was improved to such an extent that after inspecting Stout, Ed Horstad of the Drexel Institute said in a letter to President Burton E. Nelson, "I am taking the liberty of writing to you in regard to what I consider the most outstanding feature of the Stout Institute - the library.15
--Kevin Thorie
1916-1923 | 1924-1935 | 1936-1948Are you a new homeowner in Brampton. Have you recently purchased a new home from a builder and either have just moved in or are about to move in? You may have a lot of questions on your mind about your new home, but fear not… here are some common questions you may be thinking about, and their answers!
What will my new address be?
Contact the Municipal Addressing Clerk in the Building Division at 905-874-2434.
Who can I talk to about Lot Grading?
Contact Development Construction at 905-874-2500.
When will my lot be sodded?
In accordance with the subdivision agreement, the developer shall ensure that the builder completes the sodding of each lot shown on the plan no later that 6 months after the date of occupancy of the dwelling unit on that lot. Dwelling units to be occupied between November 1 and June 15 of the following year, shall be complete by June 30th following such occupancy.
Who should I speak to if there are going to be utility boxes on my lot?
Homeowner should contact Hydro One Brampton for location of the utility boxes.
When can I install a fence in my rear and side yards with my neighbours?
Homeowners should not install fencing until the Development Services inspector has had the opportunity to properly inspect and certify the lot. Once the lot has been inspected and the builder has completed all deficiencies, the homeowner can install the fence. Homeowners should check their agreements for any conditions with reference to fencing.
When will my driveway or grading deposit be returned to me? Who has my grading deposit?
The City of Brampton holds letters of credit from the developer to ensure that all works are completed in accordance with City standards and specifications. The City does not hold grading or driveway deposits from the homeowners or the builders. The homeowner should check the purchase agreement to see who has the grading deposit and when it will be returned.
Is there a survey of my property?
Contact Technical Services Division within the Planning, Design, and Development Department at 905-874-2058 or 905-874-2059
Is my subdivision assumed?
Contact the Law Department at 905-874-2675.
When will the sidewalk and curb be installed on my street? Can I widen my driveway?
The developer will install curb and sidewalk usually no later than 6 months after occupancy. Should the 6 months after occupancy fall into the winter months, then the work will be completed as soon as the appropriate weather returns. City inspectors try to ensure that all sidewalk and curb construction is completed within the specified time. It is possible to widen your driveway in some cases. Prior to doing any work you must submit a drawing indicating the work you intend to do to the Construction Division of Development Services. This drawing will be circulated to other departments for review. Once all criteria are met then the work may commence.
I live in a new subdivision and all I have is a lot number. Who can I talk to about getting my address?
Contact the Municipal Addressing Clerk in the Building Division at 905-874-2434.
Can I have the City install a gate in my fence that abuts a park or valleyland area?
The City requires developers of new communities to install chain link fences on private property abutting tableland Neighbourhood and Community parks. Typically, gates are installed in these fences to facilitate access and encourage park use. For older parks, or where there has been no gate installed, the City has no objection to residents installing gates at their expense. No permit is required.
The City also requires that developers install a chain link fences on private property abutting municipally owned or conservation authority owned natural areas (woodlots, valleylands). To limit encroachment and to encourage natural ecological functions of such areas gates are NOT permitted in these locations. Residents installing gates in such areas or found encroaching, will be asked to remedy the infraction or charged for such remediation work if it needs to be done by City forces.
I would like to speak with someone about fencing in our subdivision.
Contact the Community Design, Parks Planning and Development Division, Open Space Design and Construction within the Planning, Design, and Development Department at 905-874-2081.
Do I require a permit to build a fence on my property?
No. Check with Zoning Services to confirm by-law restrictions.
Does the City provide surveyors to confirm boundaries for fencing?
No. The owner is responsible for retaining an Ontario Land Surveyor to confirm boundaries.
How do I get a refund of my grading deposit?
Lot grading deposits are held by the builder and are generally returned to the purchaser after the lot grading has been approved by the City. Contact the Development Construction Section to confirm that the lot grading has been approved and contact the builder for return of the deposit.
What school will my child be attending?
Contact the Public School Board at 905-890-1099 or the Dufferin Peel Roman Catholic District Separate School Board at 905-890-1221
Is there going to be a new recreation centre or arena in my area?
Contact Parks and Recreation at 905-874-2300.
Is there a school being built near me?
Contact the Public School Board at 905-890-1099 or the Dufferin Peel Roman Catholic District Separate School Board at 905-890-1221
What is the purpose of the square drain located on the street known as a catchbasin?
The purpose of a catchbasin is to collect rainwater during rainstorms. Disposing of any other substance into the catchbasin is illegal since this water ends up in our creeks and rivers and will harm the fish.
Who is responsible for the cleaning of rearlot catchbasins in a residential subdivision?
Once the subdivision has been assumed, the responsibility of cleaning and maintaining the rearlot catchbasin belongs to the owner of the property. Any maintenance prior to assumption is the responsibility of the developer.
Who can I speak to about street trees and other streetscape matters?
Contact the Community Design, Parks Planning and Development Division – Open Space Design and Construction within the Planning, Design, and Development Department at 905-874-2334 to speak with a Landscape Architect
Who is responsible for cleaning the roads?
The City instructs all developers and builders in new or existing subdivisions that once any of the houses have been occupied the streets must be cleaned. In the warmer months the roads are to be flushed as required and in the winter months they are to be scraped down daily. Dust control during construction must be maintained constantly.
The City Of Brampton has a wonderful FAQ page that contains a wealth of information pertaining to many topics. I highly recommend you check it out if you have a moment. In the meantime, stay tuned for my next article about home staging!
Have a great day.
28 comments… add one
can someobody from the city of brampton who deals with the buildings of new homes please send me some info about how high the steps in the front of the house have to be in order for the builder to be responsible to put up a fence on our front patio..do you have measurements? please if you could provide me with that info/what happens if the builder should put a fence up and doesn’t? who do i contact?
Thank you very much for your time and i hope to hear from u soon.
Hi Jasantha
For fencing inquiries you can contact the city at 905-874-2081.
Best of luck,
Lang
I recommend that all new home builders buy the new edition of the Ontario Building Code so they can double check the builders work. I have been recieving many call from new homeowners about bad building practices by the builders. We have recieved about 30-40 calls especially from Senator Homes.
hi , can you tell me which areas of brampton are considered a new sub division? thanks
We purchased a home from the Conservatory Group in Spring Valley and all I can say is that is that they have very very poor workmanship – They have chosen the cheapest labour in all of their trades to do the work on their homes.
Sadly even our updgraded hardwood floors are covered with Paint Splatter and we have been told that it is our responsibility to clean it up?
Mr. Dhillon, I see you have posted here – what rights do new home owners truly have when they are battling New Home Builders – I would not buy new again…after this horrid experience with Conservatory Group…please beware future home owners.
The layout of the home is gorgeous – workmanship is unfortunatly not something that Conservatory Group prides themselves on….
Beware of Gold Park homes and the horrific customer service
Darcel Homes are just as horrible at building homes as some of the other builders or worse. I not recommend them to anyone, beware everyone!!!! Warn people away from this builder, they only do the minimum and nothing more.
Well The Conservatory group has got to be the most terrible home builber in all of North America.
We bought a house and it got delayed for 11 months and still the finish product looks terrible. I think they intentionally do a poor rush job because they know that people have to work and rarely get time off from work or cannot afford to take time off for them to come in and fix the problems.Their trades don’t want to work weekends,that’s another sign of rip off. By the time you know it one year past and they get away with cheating poor people.
This builder charged us for increase development cost even though they delayed us,we paid for trees and driveway separately. By the time they finished adding the little extra charges you pay a fortune for closing.Please read the fine prints.
Some of the issues we have apart from poor fish are noisey hardwood floor,boot marks from varnish on the floor,crooked walls and bulk heads,vanity light installed in the ceiling,wash room lights intalled outside wash rooms,The house was painted in dust so the door jams and base boards are rough, also the stain and varnish on the stairs.
These are only what we saw with our eyes. Please people do your reseach before you buy house from them.They might be cheaper than other builders build in the long run it will cost you for their mistakes. They are a group of companies so you will buy from them before you find out it’s them. Do your reseach. PLEASE
Hello Audley, I echo your sentiments which you have posted on here….I am interested in learning if you purchased in the Brampton area or if this is the quality of work they have in all their subdivisions….I hope that we can do something about this, it is just not acceptable – their work ethic is absolutely terrible and I am so disappointed with the finished product…..
Hi, can anybody tell me where can i get help to retrieve my grading deposit from Fieldgate homes? It’s been 6 years now since they held my deposit.
Thanks
What ways have you tried contacting them so far?
Lang
Call Fieldgate directly or call the city and they should be able to help you. Six years is a long time. I hope they pay you interest.
Hi Susie, My purchase is in Brampton. Base on all the people that I know bought houses from them this is a standard practice for them. I think Tarion also works in their favour. I think a group of home buyers who bought from themand face all these issues need to do something like a class action law suit against them.
We too bought a home from The Conservatory Group and we certainly echo the sentiments above. What a nightmare!! I advise any future buyers to run from these guys. We have bought new homes before and are somewhat familiar with the process. These guys have very poor workmanship and lousy customer service. The decor centre is a ripoff and the owners youngest son who runs the decor centre and this guy is nothing but a scam artist suffering from small man syndrome with no touch of reality. People, make sure your lawyer caps the closing costs. We were dinged with a $2100 dollar Hydro hook up fees. Our lawyer said that most builders charge about $600 (if not already included in original price). We were told the next level of upgrade to our kitchen cabinets will be $9300(incidentlally, we can get a new maple kitchen for under that from Lowes). So we opted for standard kitchen cabinets. Our $440K house came with 70% vinyl cabinets not wood. We didn’t take their zero down payment option. Thank god because they will charge you $9000 dollars in financing costs at closing. The sales centre knows this, but will play dumb when you ask. These guys are cousins of Tribute homes. I can tell the service is night and day compared to Tribute. BUYERS ARE STRONGLY CAUTIONED WHEN DEALING WITH THESE SCAM ARTISTS. SADLY, THEY HAVE TARION END COVERED. DON’T BOTHER.
As for suggestions of a class action suit….I am not sure what our rights are and these guys are loaded with legal help. All you have to do is organize a community event and I am certain you’ll get the signatures neccessary for a petition for starters. Every homeowner I’ve spoken are really uphappy with The Conservatory Group.
you all mention poor quality…I think our home built by Queensgate is the worst. The service from them is horrible but don’t expect any help from Tarion as they have such low standards and will more often than not side with the builder. If you go to Tarions website every single builder loves them. I wonder why?
Tarion is a simple Tax grab! My poor neighbors do not have as much experience as I do with construction so they were screwed alot…Queensgate forgot to put in walls/doors etc…how bad is that.
Hi …my husband and I went to look at the model homes in vaughan by Conservatory Group and I was going to purchase one of their homes but now after reading the posts about them Im not sure anymore. I am the main provider in my family as due to a disability my husband is not able to work so I really can’t afford to be scammed. Is there anyone who didn’t have a bad experience? If I do buy how can I protect myself?
Base on my experience they will delay your closing date as much as they get the opertunity finding excuses while they don’t work on the house until last minute, them they rush when the closing date is approaching. You get charge for increase development cost even though they delay you, their finish is not neat and you spend the next two years fighting to get things done properly. That’s only if you can identify the problems with the house or they get away scotch free.
has anyone bought with the conservatory group with their zero % INTEREST FREE DEAL FOR 3 YEARS
Anyone wanting to buy a home should not take the opinions of others on a website. I’m sorry but there negative reviews of all the home builders. People don’t usually post positive ones. My husband and I bought a Conservatory Group Home. So far, we have not been delayed and are closing on March 19th. Everyone we have dealt with has been ok and the Decor Centre was amazing. They were very helpful and did not try to shove anything down our throats. Anyone who buys a new home knows that upgrades cost an arm and a leg. This is not just common to this builder. My parents just downgraded to a condo with Greenpark and the decor centre was beyond horrible. At least the conservatory is making this part of the purchasing an enjoyable one with their award winning decor centre. Their standard options of so plentiful that in many cases, you don’t even need to upgrade. I also pray that our house will be structurally fine and as far as the odds and ends that may and will come up..my husband and I will make sure that anything covered by Tarion WILL get fixed. In the end, people should keep negative comments in perspective and do what is best for them.
As for the financing..yes, you are paying but you are also saving a crap load of money on interest. Also, the price of our conservatory group home has gone up over 25 thousand in 4 months.
Gold Park Homes after sales service is my real nightmare. Buyer please do your homework. The customer service is difficult to deal with, and does not have any tolerance to the buyers.
Gold Park Homes Senwood Site (Fletcher’s Medow Brampton) has been assumed by the City of Brampton now, By-Law No. 325-2010 so you can request a refund of grading deposits from this builder for this site.
If you buy a house from any builder these things you must do.
Agreement of purchase and sale must out line no substitution and must be equal or greater. Must have an inspection with an qualified engineer on predelivery inspection day. builder to supply you mechanical drawings 3 days prior to closing for you to compare the house to the drawings. Ask you lawyer to read an Agreement of purchase and sale before you buy the house to see how the contract is written. dealing with Tarion you have to prove that you are right builder gets break and it is always hard to prove. they work with builders so it is very hard to prove.
Please nobody go to consevetory Group their customer service is Horible. Carpet that I have sheds like crazy. I told the girl in customer service that my son has Asthma I can not have the carpet shed like this. She said all the new carpets shed like this. Well I have never seen the carpets shed lie this before. It was the worst quality carpet ever.
We bought a new home in 2006 — we recently sold the home and moved. The city of Brampton had not assumed the property at the time that we sold. I read over my contract as well as talked to city of brampton and was advised that once assumed the deposit would be returned to the payor (which is me). Has anyone had this situation and been told by the builder that because you moved you’re no longer entitled to this?? Just wondering before I put my fighting gloves on.
Hey everyone… I am planning on buying from the conservatory group in ajax… Has Anyone Had problems with those properties??
Hi Everyone. I see lots of complaints on here. New homes are love it or hate it thing. We buy them becuse they appreciate quickly and we make lots of money. It’s kind of like idiot proof investing to some degree. We certainly don’t buy them because they are built with care and good craftsmanship.
I have bought home from various builders over the years and trust me…..they are all the same. Complaining about this one and that one doesn’t do a thing. In the end we re-sell and make a boat load of money. If you are buying a home in a subdivision learn to be tolerant, be prepared to wait for things to happen, and don’t assume that the builder will jump all over your every request….tweak things yourself as you go if you want to make a new house a home. If not…..then sell cash out and go buy a re-sale property that you can see before buying.
For those complaining about gold park homes……I’ve owned 3 gold park homes before. They are slow to resolve customer service issues, no doubt but in the end they always manage to get things done that most builders would never even do. I highly recomend them and I’ve purchased from 9 different builders already. Stop being unreasonable people. New homes take time to work out kinks.
Maddie, you are absolutely right. I also bought house from CGroup, they tried their their best to resolve all the issues, not had a problem with them but you have to keep patience. New homes take time to settle and it takes time for the builders to respond to the complaints as they have full subdivisions to take care of.
Hi, i am the second owner of my house, built by Gold Park Homes in new subdivision in Brampton. Very poor workmanship and very bad attitude towards the problem solving.
1) Their crew members damaged the A.C. unit installed on my property during grading work, they promised me to pay first, and now they are denying the payment
2) The counter top in my kitchen has ripples (bumps) at the joint, they are telling it’s a water damage done by me. They failed to define the water damage. Just by wiping the top by wet cloth, they claim that water damage happens..wow !!!!
3) They forgot to install vent in cold room, all moist wood have good mold, and they are not even bothered to have a look.
4) They are supposed to build fence on my property (the developer), they denied.
There are lot of other small issues i have in my house, and my neighbors have.
I request all of you, please please don’t buy house build by Gold Park Homes ever.This week's Photohunt theme is hanging. Any guesses at what is hanging in the picture above? They are Flying Foxes, the largest fruit bat in Australia. These were hanging in a group of trees at the Sydney Botanical Garden. This group of over 2200 bats has 'camped' in the choice trees in the garden.
This protected species of fruit bat, the Grey-headed Flying-Fox, has the largest body of the of all bats During the day, they sleep hanging upside down. In the evening and night, they fly around feasting on nectar and fruit. They do create quite a mess, both in destroying the trees and their guano and urine below the trees where they 'hang out' during the day. The officials would like to get them to move but have been unable to come up with a way that is successful and will not hurt the animals.
We found them fascinating. There were little tussles going on for space while they were sleeping. Occasionally one would stretch their wings or take off and fly. We watched them for as long as we could stand the stench.
Here is a good article on the Flying Foxes of the Sydney Botanical Garden.
A group hanging around sleeping - noticed how they have destroyed the tree
Here you can see the head and body
With their wings wrapped around, they are like huge cocoons.
Posted by Alice Audrey | July 24, 2010 12:11 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 00:11
Fascinating! Although creepy, in a way, also. Great pictures!
Posted by Laura | July 24, 2010 12:49 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 00:49
great shots and a very interesting take on the theme. i don't think i've seen anything like that before. thank you.
Posted by life ramblings | July 24, 2010 7:35 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 07:35
Oh wow this is the closest and best bat photo that I have ever seen, really a good shot!
PhotoHunt~Hanging
Posted by Manang Kim | July 24, 2010 7:47 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 07:47
Hi Marta, these are fabulous photos and a great take on the theme. I also liked that close-up shot. For some reason I wouldn't have thought that they were furry. I also loved that one you captured flying off. Cool how you can see the body shape as he flys. Very interesting.
Have a great weekend.
Posted by Kathy (Trekcapri) | July 24, 2010 8:06 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 08:06
Holy cow, that freaks me out to even look at them. Would not have been standing there near where they fly. Eek!!
Hope you can drop by and see my take on the theme!
Posted by Amys blah, blah, blogging | July 24, 2010 8:12 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 08:12
wow, How fascinating. In the sunlight they almost look like they are wrapped in plastic. Great and perfect hanging.
Posted by And Miles To Go.... | July 24, 2010 8:17 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 08:17
What a fascinating post and great shots for the theme. I'm not familiar with hanging foxes. I guess I should have known there were a different types of bats but I didn't.
Posted by Carver | July 24, 2010 8:41 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 08:41
WHOA! Awesome! I freak out with the fruit bats in the Philippines... These huge ones would just give me nightmares... LOL
Cool shots!
Mine is finally up.
Posted by Eden | July 24, 2010 9:39 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 09:39
What cool creatures. I hadn't heard of them either. At first, I thought they were some kind of cocoon. I'm surprised to see how large the wingspan is. Thanks for introducing these guys!
Posted by Annie | July 24, 2010 9:40 AM
Posted on July 24, 2010 09:40
Wow! What an amazing creature! This is the first I've heard of them and thank you for sharing these great photos!
Posted by Sue | July 24, 2010 1:37 PM
Posted on July 24, 2010 13:37
Oh wow! those are just great for this theme :-)
Posted by CherryPie | July 24, 2010 2:42 PM
Posted on July 24, 2010 14:42
Definitely a creative take on this week's theme - creepy but a great idea:-)
Posted by menehune | July 24, 2010 7:31 PM
Posted on July 24, 2010 19:31
What amazing photos and thanks for all the information.
I'm sure the tourists love them, not. Even if they are interesting.
Happy weekend to you.
Posted by jmb | July 24, 2010 9:07 PM
Posted on July 24, 2010 21:07
Aww wht beautise. Sper take on the theme!u
Posted by jams O'Donnell | July 25, 2010 5:31 AM
Posted on July 25, 2010 05:31
Hi Marta,
Your live hanging foxes are much nicer to look at than the hanging fox in my photo hunt! I'm not sure if they ever got the project underway or not, but the bats were supposed to be relocated this past May through the use of loud music. The first colony of fly foxes arrived in the eastern suburbs of Adelaide a few months ago. I wonder if they will make it to the city center.
Posted by maya | July 26, 2010 6:05 PM
Posted on July 26, 2010 18:05
Wild photos! Great for "hanging"... Thanks for sharing!! :-)
Posted by Michelle | July 27, 2010 12:06 AM
Posted on July 27, 2010 00:06Le Corbusier Redrawn: The Houses
From the Publisher. Le Corbusier Redrawn presents the only collection of consistently rendered original drawings (at 1:200 scale) of all 25 of Le Corbusier’s residential works. Using the original drawings from the Le Corbusier Foundation’s digital archives, architect Steven Park has beautifully redrawn 130 perspectival sections as well as plans, sections, and elevations of exterior forms and interior spaces.owa State University
- Ames, IA 50011 United States
- 329 miles
- map
- libr info
- Tarrant County College
- Hurst, TX 76054 United States
- 355_17<<
Saverio Luzzo Plus
User Stats
Profile Images
User Bio
Born in Naples on September 1975, he soon felt the desire to be focused on one goal: at 14 years of age he began his work experience as A photographers assistant in a studio of his city. His journey of discovery of the world of image and art began to take shape around his 16th birthday when he discovered a passion for painting and particularly for sculpture, which led him to attend the Academy of Fine Arts two years later
In 1995 he was accepted into The European Academy of Special Effects of Terni directed by Carlo Rambaldi, where he took part in a special project of Experimental Center of Cinematography, where he graduated after three years.
At 24 years of age he began working alongside Vittorio Comi (one of the few Italian specialist in creating special effects for films) at Plinko Password as visual effects supervisor: whilst working there for 2 years he follwed the production of fifty commercials for the Italian and foreign market.
In August of 2001 he became Production Manager of the satellite channel Rock TV (SKY 718) and from 2008 also Hip Hop TV (SKY 720).
2006 marked the year where he bacame Direction Teacher at the Digital Film Making course of the SAE INSTITUTE in Milan.
When it comes to his work he is constantly experimenting and streching the boundries the audiovisual world puts in front of him: He has been producing music videos, commercials and videoart works for over ten years. His art has been exhibited in Los Angeles at The Center For Digital Art, the Monkey Town Center in New York, Area 57 Studios in Miami, HDFEST in Seattle and at the National Center for Contemporary Arts in Moscow.
After creating and directing the music video “French Kiss” by (Riaffiora), he won the 2009 Italian Award for best Independent videoclip.
In 2010 these same efforts won him the Best Italian Videoclip from SIAE (Italian Society of Authors and Publishers)by Byrona Tweedy
(BC, Canada)
My dad was a man of many names. Literally.
Some, possibly most, of you know him as “Vic” or “Victor.” His more recent friends - and those old friends willing to humour him - called him “Byron.” But, to my high school boyfriends, often to my embarrassment, he insisted on being called “Mr. Tweedy.”
You have all no doubt heard the story multiple times before, but since 1798, “Byron” had been one of the male Christian names in the Tweedy family up until my dad. He always expressed deep regret at the thought that this tradition ended with him, but it wasn’t until after he had a daughter that he decided to legally add “Byron” to his name.
At 57-years-old, my dad took his first successful stab at having a family.
In the hospital shortly after my birth, an old man approached this glowing new father and said, “That’s a beautiful grand-daughter you have.”
My dad, pride somewhat damaged, puffed out his chest and haughtily responded, “I, sir, am the father.”
Expecting this man to crumble with apologies, my dad was surprised to hear the old man snigger and retort, “You old scallywag, you!”
My dad could not hold a grudge to such a response, and he laughed along with him. Instead, he realized that he ultimately had to get accustomed to people assuming that he was my grandfather.
He had mentioned to me the guilt he felt for bringing a child into the world so late in life.
This guilt was certainly aggravated in 1996 when he found out about his congestive heart failure, an ultimately terminal condition.
I can’t imagine that I put his conscience at ease when my parents found a small scrap of paper upon which my 6-year-old self had scribbled, in poorly-written English:
“My dad has Hert deses (heart disease). My Mom as pene (has pain). How will I live?”
Despite his age, or possibly because of his age, he was a phenomenal dad. I joked that he was a “dinosaur” and was “obsolete,” but the truth is, it was my dad’s lifetime of experiences that allowed him to raise me as well as he did.
My dad’s life was absolutely filled with love, adventure, and excitement.
He was born in Ontario during the depression to two loving parents. Despite being an only child, he was fortunate to have lived with his three female cousins while his dad was off at war.
Being the only young boy in this household, he was very spoiled. By 12-years old he was already seeking adventure, and he took his bicycle for an overnight trip far away from home.
In his early teens, he spent summers working hard. In 1950, at only 18 years old, he took a train across Canada to work as a chokerman here on Vancouver Island for a summer.
He performed exceptionally well in school, and he even regaled me with stories of chess tournaments and national school competitions.
My understanding is that my dad initially had ambitions to pursue a career in law, but after a lack of drive and poor performance in his first year of university, he abandoned that plan.
Truthfully, it is difficult for me to imagine that my dad did not complete university, as he was the most intelligent and driven man that I knew, this is, of course, notwithstanding modern-age technology.
As life would have it, my dad ended up in the army. This surprised even himself, as he often admitted that he was not the most “manly” man. He was not particularly athletic, and he was painfully shy when he was young.
He stumbled upon his job in the military, but I couldn’t imagine a better life for him. He was a true patriot. He was incredibly loyal to his country and queen, and I know he was very proud to have served this country. The military also allowed him to see the world and make many lifelong friends.
My dad had many great memories with his military comrades. Many of his stories, however, revealed his addiction to alcohol. His strength of character is especially evident in the fact that, with the help of Alcoholic’s Anonymous, he overcame his addiction and maintained sobriety over the last 42 years of his life.
Throughout my life, I never saw him take a sip of alcohol, although there was this one time in the backyard of this church, when he was sure it was just punch in that bowl …
Although he had been long-since sober by the time I came around, my dad never hid from me the fact that he was a recovering alcoholic. AA meant a lot to him, and during his early years of sobriety, he provided counseling for communities with people at high risk of alcoholism. I had seen him provide advice and kind words to homeless alcoholics over a cup of coffee, even if just to give him some cash in the end for a bottle of gin.
And over the last few years, I saw my dad work hard as a sponsor to help friends working through their alcoholism. I admired my dad’s ability to empathize with people suffering from an addiction. He taught me the value of a support group and encouraged me to seek help when in need and to, in turn, help others. Helping people was among my dad’s greatest pleasures in life.
He also loved culture and nature. Growing up, I am flooded with memories of hiking and traveling, and hiking while traveling.
One of my earliest memories would have to be napping on my dad’s back in my backpack carrier. He loved showing off his new baby girl to the world and consequently carried me like that everywhere until I was frankly too old to be carried any longer. My parents even had to hide the carrier from me because the moment I saw it, I would jump in, ready to be carried.
I have many memories of traveling across Asia, Europe, and North America as a family. Eventually, I complained to my parents, “there’s going to be no where left for me to go!”
If only I had understood how lucky I was.
As I mature, I find myself growing more and more like my dad.
I can’t wait to explore the world for myself. He prided himself in seeing nearly 90 countries, and I hope that I can make it to 100 for him. Like my dad, I’m painfully stubborn, often to a fault. However, I think this quality has also driven me to persevere throughout many challenges, academic and otherwise, even when I feel like giving up.
Throughout elementary school and high school, teachers have laughed and complained about my ability to talk incessantly. If you’ve ever even briefly spoken to my father, you can guess I acquired this trait from him. That man was loquacious, and even that is an understatement. I was often amazed and irritated by his miraculous ability to speak chapters with very few breaks, but his ability to tell long-winded stories is among the traits I miss the most.
My dad was a silly man. He enjoyed laughing and making others laugh. Up until his last moments with us, he was cracking jokes with everyone around him.
A “Byron Tweedy Classic” would be how he would innocently look at you with his big, blue eyes, after passing gas, and say, “I guess a storm is coming in…”
I truly appreciate that he made life easier with his humour, especially when I knew times were hardest for him.
He used his humour to comfort me when I needed it.
In high school, I dated quite a bit; a father’s worst nightmare, I’m sure. But my dad never belittled the hurt I felt after each breakup. He was incredibly empathetic. I would lie in bed with him crying. He wouldn’t ask for any explanations, but he would just hold me, and let me cry. When the time was right, he’d say something to make me laugh.
One of my favourite memories was the break up jerky. I remember opening my bedroom door and seeing my dad standing there with a package of Teriyaki Beef Jerky.
“I don’t know if this will help,” he said, “but at least it’s healthier than chocolate.”
That’s the kind of man he was. He didn’t always know how to deal with a situation, but he found his own way to show how much he really cared.
If you’ll recall, my dad felt guilt for having brought me into the world at such an old age.
Recently, a family friend told me that my dad had said that the moment he saw me walk across the stage at my graduation, he could feel his guilt being lifted. This was such a blessing to hear because my father made my life amazing, regardless of his age.
Even though it was exasperating to hear my dad continually brag about me, it was nice to know that I had always made him proud. Ultimately, it was because of his extraordinary influence on my life that I have become the person that I am today.
I’m so fortunate and grateful that I had a father so capable of expressing his love for our family and me. Although he will be forever missed, I feel comforted knowing that he accomplished more than he could have dreamed in life. I’ll hold you in my heart forever, dad; I love you.parco dell'etna3
via carlo alberto dalla chiesa 1 viale catania 68, bronte, 95034
Price FromView Rooms
This hotel doesn't have any reviews yet.
About the hotel
The
- In room facilities
- Air conditioning in rooms, Safety Deposit Box, Hairdryer in each room, Telephone In Each Room
- Hotel services
- 24 Hour Reception, 24 Hour Room Service, Concierge, Laundry/Valet Service, Wake Up Call Available
-, Horse Riding
Useful Info Show/hide
- From 14:00 hours
- Until 12:00 hours
- The LateRooms.com rates for parco dell'etna in bronteFiltersShow / Hide
- All Events
- Music
- Comedy
- Theatre & Shows
- Sport
- Cinema
- Festivals
- Days Out
- Anywhere In The UK
-
- Location: Anywhere in the UK
Radius: ... miles
5
100
Get an alert when new The Phoney Stones dates are announced
The Phoney Stones tour dates Phoney Stones? Why not write a review?
Fans who like 'The Phoney Stones' also like:
Representation
Do you represent The Phoney Stones, or are you a member of their promotional team? Click here to claim this pageI am having a girl and like the name Piper as a first name. The middle name is not working so well as most of my family objects because my last name starts with a S.
Piper Elizabeth8
Piper Marie2
Piper Adeline2
Total number of votes: 12
Parents Are TalkingAdd a CommentRenewable Energy
This Energy Efficiency Summer School Will Inspire the Next Generation of EE Researchers and Practitioners
March 20, 2013
In addition to his work at RASEI, Paul Komar is a lecturer in the environmental studies program at the University of Colorado Boulder. As the energy efficiency field grows, the demand for...
EIA Finds That Energy Efficiency Can Reduce the Cost of a Clean Energy Standard and Reduce Emissions
December 7, 2011
On November 30, the Energy Information Administration (EIA) released an Analysis of Impacts of a Clean Energy Standard. The study was requested by Senator Jeff Bingaman, Chairman of the Senate...
On the Horizon: PA and OH Energy Efficiency Studies, MI's Bold Steps, and New State Network E-Newsletter
February 26, 2009
ACEEE is set to release two timely reports on the potential for energy efficiency in Pennsylvania and Ohio. The current state of the economy has crippled many states' budgets, making it difficult for...Tag: sweetyyydreams
Photo of the Day by sweetyyydreamswritten by cheeo on 2014-04-19 in #news
Flipping her already cleverly composed and framed photograph, sweetyyydreams was able to morph this rather straightforward landscape shot into a dreamy one. Congratulations sweetyyydreams for having our Photo of the Day!4 5 Share TweetArizona Diamondbacks Still Haven't Been Swept After Taking Last Game Against San Francisco Giants
It was déjà vu all over again at Chase Field this weekend as the Arizona Diamondbacks once again needed a late win to avoid getting swept in a series.
They got it in extra innings against the San Francisco Giants Sunday, scrapping together a rally in the bottom of the 12th to give themselves a measure of respect with a 6-5 victory.
The rest of the weekend was a blur of inept pitching and nonexistent clutch hitting in 5-2 and 5-3 losses on Friday and Saturday, respectively, to the defending world champions.
Daniel Hudson had his first bad start of the season Friday but, paradoxically, struck out a season-high 10 batters in just six innings of work. Hudson was done in by a three-run homer off the bat of Pablo Sandoval in the first, even if he did settle in nicely afterward. Sandoval's blast put the Diamondbacks in a hole the team couldn't hit their way out of.
Giants hurler Matt Cain did his best to keep the Diamondbacks down in the ditch, going six innings and giving up one run in the process. The real problem Friday night and for much of Saturday was the team's inability to get things going against mediocre relievers. Friday they scored one run off Javier López in the bottom of the ninth but lost because they couldn't do more against him, Jeremy Affeldt, or Ramón Ramírez.
Saturday's contest was brutal to watch: Joe Saunders threw five double-play balls, but that just meant he was allowing too many baserunners all game long. Sure enough, Saunders wound up loading the bases in the seventh, before he was pulled. Reliever Sam Demel promptly gave up a two-run single to Freddy Sanchez, and that was the ballgame.
Buster Posey homered off Saunders in the first and Sanchez doubled in a run in the sixth.
Saunders, who has always been a reliable if average pitcher, is off to a horrible start this year. He might be better served if the team sent him down to the minors or put him on the disabled list, as he's giving up over two walks and hits per innings pitched -- and they're mostly hits, which means opposing teams are just teeing off on the guy.
The Diamondbacks relief crew pitched the last two innings Saturday without encountering any problems but the damage was done. The offense didn't do much to turn the tide after that, as they went down in order for the last five innings of the game.
Barry Enright wasn't much better on Sunday, getting roughed up for three runs in the sixth while giving up a fourth on an Aubrey Huff homerun in the fourth inning. Esmerling Vásquez, who replaced Kam Mickolio, gave up another run in the sixth. The rest of the bullpen, including JJ Putz, who threw two innings, allowed no runs through the end of the game in the 12th inning.
The Diamondbacks took the first lead of the game when Chris Young hit a sacrifice fly to score Willie Bloomquist in the fourth, and Stephen Drew followed with a triple plating Kelly Johnson and Justin Upton. Upton then homered to deep left center in bottom of fifth.
Ryan Roberts tied the game in the eighth with a single to left scoring Xavier Nady, which allowed the team to go into extra innings. Stephen Drew drove in Justin Upton in the 12th with a walkoff single to end the game.
Roberts' single was set up by Miguel Montero, who singled to keep the inning alive and send Nady to third base. But that at-bat almost didn't happen. In the top of the sixth inning, Aaron Rowand hit a foul ball that hit catcher Miguel Montero in the groin. After five minutes of hobbling, Montero decided he would stay in the game, and the rest is history.
That's balls.
Correction: This article originally stated the Diamondbacks had yet to win a series after avoiding a sweep. It has been corrected to reflect that the Diamondbacks beat the Cincinnati Reds earlier in theSetting Up Authorize.net with osCommerce
Written by Arnel Custodio
Views: 1,656
Published: May 1, 2013
In order to make payments on your products within your store your customers will need to have a way to use their credit cards. Credit cards are typically processed through payment gateways. One of the payment gateways that you can use is Authorize.net. The following article explains how to set it up in the osCommerce Administrator dashboard.
Use of this payment gateway requires an account with Authorize.net
Installing Authorize.net in osCommerce
- Log into your osCommerce Admin dashboard.
- Scroll down the menu on the left and then click on MODULES.
- In the menu that appears, click on PAYMENT.
- You will then see a large number modules that you can select, but click on the second one down labeled AUTHORIZE.NET CREDIT CARD SIM. Click on the INSTALL MODULE option.
After the module is installed, you will see the list of modules under payment. Select the Authorize.net option and then click on EDIT in the right side. You will need to configure Authorize.net before it can be used. The following table breaks down all of the options available for setting Authorize.net
This completes the article for the installation of the Authorize.net payment gateway on osCommerce. For further information, go to the osCommerce Education channel.
Continued Education in Course 104: osCommerce payment gateway configuration
You are viewing Section 2: Setting Up Authorize.net.Villa Ane
From $89 / night
Description from the owner
- Villa
- 3 bedrooms
- 3 bathrooms
- Sleeps 6
Bedrooms: 3
Bathrooms: 3
Sleeps: 6
Type: VillaVilla Ane
Description from the owner
Traditional Istrian stone villa – Villa Ane - Rakalj ...Read more
About the owner
About the owner
Toni P.
Toni P.
- Response rate 75%
- Response time A few hours
- Calendar updated 2 days ago
- Overall ratingNone
Map
Villa Ane
Rakalj, Istria, Croatia
Additional Location Information.
Nearest airport: Pula (PUY) in 25 kilometers
Nearest ferry harbour: Pula in 25 kilometers
Nearest train station: Pula in 26 kilometers
Nearest highway: Pula in 24 kilometers
Nearest beach: Rakalj 1,5 kilometers
Nearest pub: Rakalj in 0.5 kilometers
Nearest golf course: Brijuni National Park in 30 kilometers
Nearest restaurant: Rakalj in 0.5 kilometers
Car: recommanded
Obligations:
Security deposit is 200 EUR cash (paid at the check in and returned at check out)
Rental under 3 days: + 30%
Tourist Tax is not included in the price and is paid after arriving (app. 1 EUR per person per day)
The price includes:
Towel changes once a week
Bed linen changes once a week
Parking: Free! Free private parking + private driveway (reservation is not needed).
-
More About This Location
Beach or lakeside relaxation, Rural retreats
Getting There
Nearest airport: Pula, 27 miles
Car is recommended
- One 100 Watt 120 Volt Medium Base Incandescent lamp (not included).
- Fixture: Height 7", Width 7.5", DepthThe Arts and Emergent Bilingual Youth
Building Culturally Responsive, Critical and Creative Education in School and Community Contexts
By Sharon Verner Chappell, Christian J. Faltis
Routledge – 2013 – 220 pages
Routledge – 2013 – 220 pages.
"Advocates of bilingual education, the authors make a compelling case for native language use and maintenance for English-language learners. Readers seeking to understand the academic achievement gap will appreciate the original perspective presented … In light of the recent adoption of the common core standards in most states, this book represents an important perspective and provides strategies for engaging bilingual youth in rigorous and evidence-based reflection centred on the arts. Summing Up: Recommended." —A. Anderberg, Eastern Connecticut State University, in CHOICE, April 2014
"The editors of The Arts and Emergent Bilingual Youth offer a timely and persuasive argument for ways to revitalize arts-based education in our increasingly diverse society. … It becomes clear in reading this volume that the arts offer unique avenues for teachers and artists to create the conditions necessary for historically marginalized multilingual youth and their communities to claim a voice and a space for self-representation and action in our schools and society." —Teachers College Record
Foreword
Dalida María Benfield
Preface
Chapter One: Introduction
Arts Artifact One: NWCLB (No White Child Left Behind)
Simón Candú
Arts Artifact Two: Buying Time
Marilyn Dike Dunn
Vignette One: Through My Lens: A Child’s Perspective
Elizabeth Renner
Chapter Two: Knowing your students, becoming a culturally responsive teacher
Arts Artifact Three: Pinewood Estate Trailer Park
Melisa Cahnmann-Taylor
Vignette Two: Documenting Dreams: Immigrant Girls’ Aspirations through Shadow Portraiture
Dafney Blanca Dabach
Chapter Three: Building Family-Community-School Partnerships
Arts Artifact Four: La Noche
Louisa Castrodale and Luis Fausto
Vignette Three: A Matter Party: Celebrating Science and Deepening Understanding
Shannon Burgert
Vignette Four: The Older Sister: Beyond ELL Pronunciation to Performance and Purpose
Dorothy Abram
Vignette Five: Making an Edible School Garden with Multilingual Children: Engaging Linguistic, Cultural, and Community Resources
Saskia Stille
Chapter Four: Playing with Language, Playing through the Arts
Vignette Six: Acted and Enacted Lives: Language Play, Theatre, and Language Development at the Border
Mary Carol Combs and J David Betts, Paul Fisher
Vignette Seven: Journey: Identity and Language Development through the Arts
Jessica Mele and Karena Salmond
Arts Artifact Five: Separated Families
Simón Candú
Chapter Five: Living stories, Telling stories
Vignette Eight: Conceptual Translations from English Language Learners' Indigenous Storytelling
Eva Rose B. Washburn-Repollo
Vignette Nine: Working with Korean Newcomer Immigrant Adolescents in Community Art by Joo Ae Kim
Vignette Ten ¿Y el Caballito de mar, donde vive? – Exploring Science and Literacy through Bilingual Storytelling and Shadow Puppetry with Head Start Children
Daphnie Sicre
Chapter Six: Responding critically to literature
Vignette Eleven: Migrant Students Vignette their Lives: Languages and Cultures Cross the Fields into the Classrooms
Fernando Rodríguez-Valls, Sandra Kofford, Alicia Apodaca, Lizett Samaniego
Vignette Twelve: Young Writers Program for Migrant Youth
Elizabeth Lewis
Vignette Thirteen: Which ‘A’ Will Be?: Acculturation, Assimilation, Americanization
Daniel A. Kelin, II
Chapter Seven: Responding critically to world events
Vignette Fourteen: Eastside High School: May Day Service Learning Project from Alumni to Future Alum
Luis Genaro Garcia
Vignette Fifteen:Critical Performative Literacy in a Middle School ESOL classroom: Voices for Undocumented Latino Communities
Ruth Harman, Kinga Varga-Dobai, Kelli Bivins & David Forker
Chapter Eight: Talking to the system through youth media
Vignette Sixteen: Youth Media: Making it in the World!
Deborah Romero
Vignette Seventeen: Having Our Say: English Language Learners Talk back to Teachers
Susan Adams
Chapter Nine: Creating Counter-Narrative Practices at School
Vignette Eighteen: Ethnodrama: Transformative Learning in Multicultural Teacher Education
Masakuzu Mitsumura
Vignette Nineteen: Seeing Art, Seeing the World: Modern Art and Literacy Development with English Learners K-12
Marguerite Lukes & Calder Zwicky,; contributions by Louise Edman, Kim Hummel, Rachel Lindsay
Chapter Ten: Building Sustainability in/with Multilingual Communities
Arts Artifact Six:Inspecting Borders
Sharon Chappell
Vignette Twenty: It Is NOT What it Is: A Multidisciplinary Approach to Critical Pedagogy, Cultural Production, and Youth Development in the Youth Roots Program
G Reyes
Arts Artifact Five: Language Lessons I
Melisa Cahnmann Taylor
Appendix A: A Process for Building Critical, Creative, Caring Experiences
Drew Chappell
Appendix B: Resources for Educators and Artists
About the Contributors
Sharon Verner Chappell is Assistant Professor, Department of Elementary & Bilingual Education, California State University, Fullerton, USA.
Chris Faltis is Dolly and David Fiddyment Professor of Education and Director of Teacher Education, School of Education, University of California, Davis, USA.
Name: The Arts and Emergent Bilingual Youth: Building Culturally Responsive, Critical and Creative Education in School and Community Contexts (Paperback) – Routledge
Description: By Sharon Verner Chappell, Christian J. Faltis. The Arts and Emergent Bilingual Youth offers a critical sociopolitical perspective on working with emerging bilingual youth at the intersection of the arts and language learning. Utilizing research from both arts and language education to explore the...
Categories: Bilingualism / ESL, Arts, Equality & Human Rights, English & Literacy/Language ArtsMil - Tec® Reversible Jacket, Woodland / Black
Item # WX2-232844
- Google+
- Details & Specs
Mil
-
- Q & A
- <!--BVSEO|dz:Main_Site-en_US|sdk:v1.0.7.0-n|msg:Error: Request errored out - The remote server returned an error: (403) Forbidden. -->
- Articles & TipsDefinitions
from Wiktionary, Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License
- n. Alternative spelling of plumb bob.
Etymologies
Sorry, no etymologies found.
Examples
Perhaps a plumb-bob? that guess is as good as any.
The million dollar question: what is a machacador? « Interactive Dig El Carrizal – Rescuing a Mesoamerican Site
Lindenbrook transcribes the text on the plumb-bob and learns that it reveals the entrance to the world below.
Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959)
Lindenbrook deduces that that Saknussem discovered another world beneath ours and managed to get the plumb-bob message out before he died.
Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959)
Chipping away at the exterior shell, Lindenbrook discovers markings on the Icelandic rock and eventually cleans it up enough to see that it's really a stone plumb-bob.
Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959)
Several urgent tugsat the doorbell, you understandsummoned me to the front door and Id grumpily left off the plumb-bob.
I watched as he crouched behind his ball, held up his putter between thumb and forefinger to plumb-bob the line, and finally approached his ball.
Hacker - Death at the Member-Guest
"That is who?" he asked finally, catching Selenay's eye and nodding at a statue of a round, balding little man, who clutched a plumb-bob and compass and beamed at passers-by.
The body swung slightly, a dead weight oscillating like a plumb-bob on its string.
When the plumb-bob stops swaying side to side and the string strikes the crossbar at the same point repeatedly (5-10 times), mark this position in pencil on the crossbar.
1.1 The role and purpose of irrigation
The plumb-bob must be attached so that it does not deflect the string to either side.
1.1 The role and purpose of irrigation
Log in or sign up to get involved in the conversation. It's quick and easy.Enhances advertising, editorial, film, video, TV, Websites, and mobile experiences.
1 Like
View Photographer's Profile
This is my favorite memorial because it is very simple but yet very powerful. These photos don't do justice to the size of the towers. It is well worth the walk to see it.
...The Fabulous Fox Theatre has been closed all summer because of a major restoration project.
"It's so exciting to see all the sparkle," said Mary Strauss, Fox Theatre co-owner.
The Fox is known for its grandiose. From the stage and the auditorium and now all the way up to the ceiling.
"I never thought in my lifetime we would really be able to do the ceiling the way it should be done. I think truthfully this is the first time since 1928 people have been up there to see everything in such detail," explained Strauss.
Crews vacuumed the auditorium ceiling in 1981, but that was the last time is was touched.
"Originally the place was painted and it's made to look old so it has like dirty glaze on it and plus there was like 60 years of dirt up here so the challenging part was just getting the dirt off without taking the glaze off," explained Ed Magee, Project Supervisor.
The restoration team has been working from floor to ceiling scaffolding since June. This is the most extensive project since the initial restoration in 1981. The project cost just over a $1 million.
"It's just going to dazzle people when they walk in in the fall," said Strauss.
Head to for a list of the upcoming shows.We understand the importance of having a partner who can respond in real-time to the constantly changing needs of your marketplace and business.
Agile Staffing
SYKES Home Powered by Alpine Access offers flexible and scalable staffing capabilities to meet shifting call volumes. Sophisticated tools and years of experience allow us to maintain appropriate staffing levels in any situation such as increases in volume due to seasonality, new product or service offerings, special offer campaigns, etc. We utilize a blended workforce of part-time and full-time customer service representatives, scheduled in 15-minute increments, to deliver flexibility and efficiency. Our ability to react in real-time allows your business and customer service levels to continue uninterrupted leading to improved customer satisfaction, loyalty and profitability.
Efficient Workforce Management
SYKES Home’s proprietary workforce management (WFM) platform automatically sets schedules that align the skills, proficiencies and preferences of each agent with a client’s forecasted staffing needs. Should the actual call volume differ from the forecast at any time, the WFM platform instantly notifies a staffing manager who has the ability to increase or decrease the number of agents on the phones within minutes. Whether it is to accommodate seasonal, weekly, even intraday changes in call volume, we help clients save money by providing appropriate staffing at all times – without sacrificing quality.
Speed to Competency
From day one employees are immersed into the online world with hands-on training, facilitator-lead interactions, peer-to-peer communication, and problem solving using real-life scenarios, thus enabling them to become familiar with the tools and resources during training that they will use on the job. The hands-on training gives students the confidence and proficiency necessary to handle live calls on their own (once training is complete). To understand the resulting bottom-line cost savings consider an average training program of 1000 employees a year. As an example, SYKES Home can train each person in 100 hours rather than the typical 125 hours with significantly higher retention rates. The total savings clients have experienced from higher retention and shorter training time has averaged $1 million per year.
Maximum Scalability
Our ability to recruit without boundaries across North America enables us to, within tight time constraints, recruit, hire, train and launch any program in only 60 to 90 days. The 100% virtual nature of our contact center model is ideally suited for clients who have growing staffing needs. Our highly-skilled workforce in over 1,800 North American cities, makes it possible to easily and efficiently scale up within a short timeframe. This can save clients millions of dollars by avoiding the consequences of inadequate staffing such as long hold times, high abandon rates, lower first call resolutions and even negative brand perception.
Slippers Sale"
These are well made super warm slippers- almost too warm. They are great for both indoor and out. True to size…
- Michelle, 02/17/15
Buffalo, NY
Write Review
Slippers are very nice but run small.…
- Elizabeth, 10/27/10
My husband loves down slippers but they are hard to find. These are great, but they do run a little small. Recommend next higher size if at upper end of sizing. Had to retu…
- Mary, 01/09/14
MS
Write Review
Write Review
Write Review
Would you like to compare the products you have selected now?Publications
Forcing cancer to self-cannibalize
Preclinical study shows promise
By Scott Merville
Yunfei Wen, Ph.D., instructor in Gynecologic Oncology and Reproductive Medicine at
MD Anderson
Under stress from chemotherapy or radiation, some cancer cells avoid death by consuming a bit of themselves, allowing them to essentially sleep through treatment and later awaken as a tougher, more resistant disease. Autophagy – self-eating – is a natural cellular defense against a lack of nutrients and other stressors. For cancer cells, it’s a way to survive treatment. Autophagy puts the cell in an inactive quiet state called quiescence, which allows it to recover.
Interfering with the cancer-promoting protein prolactin and its receptor can turn this resistance mechanism into lethal, runaway form of self-cannibalization, say MD Anderson researchers in the journal Cell Reports.
“Our findings provide a clinical rationale for blocking prolactin and its receptor and for using prolonged autophagy as an alternative strategy for treating cancers,” says Yunfei Wen, Ph.D., first author of this study and an instructor in Gynecologic Oncology.
Research support came from the National Cancer Institute of the National Institutes of Health, the U.S. Department of Defense, the Ovarian Cancer Research Fund, the Chapman Foundation, the Meyer and Ida Gordon Foundation and the Blanton-Davis Ovarian Cancer Research Program.The Android 4.4 KitKat update for HTC One carrier models appears to be right on schedule as HTC has announced that the update has now been passed on to mobile networks for certification.
The increasingly transparent HTC reported plans to rollout Android 4.4 to HTC One carrier models around late-January. Now that the end of January is approaching the Taiwanese manufacturer says network lab testing should be complete by next week. In addition to a Twitter announcement, HTC has also revised its software update page, indicating that the AT&T, T-Mobile, Sprint and Verizon HTC One models are now in the certification phase of the Android update schedule.
In December, HTC released its ‘anatomy of an Android update’ info-graphic detailing the evaluation, development, integration, test/certification, and push to customer phases of devices receiving a new Android system version. At that time, HTC One carrier models were at the integration phase, meaning HTC was adding its own branded software (such as the HTC Sense UI) to the stock Android firmware received from Google. Now, during the test/ certification phase software builds are tested for bugs and fixes are implemented into new builds.
Once this phase is complete, carriers will begin to rollout its respective over-the-air updates, which could take days, weeks or even months depending on the mobile network’s discretion. But models should receive their updates around the expected time. Notably when HTC One carrier models began receiving the Android 4.3 Jelly Bean update, the Sprint model updated in early October, while the AT&T and T-Mobile models updated in mid-October and the Verizon model updated in mid-December. HTC is sure to alert the public of any postponements of the Android 4.4 update.
Several other HTC devices are also on schedule to receive the Android 4.4 update. Currently the HTC One Mini, HTC One Max and HTC Desire 601 are in the integration phase of update, while the Droid DNA is in the certification phase, meaning it’s update is also imminent.
Are you glad that the Android 4.4 KitKat update for HTC One carrier models is near? Let us know in the comments below.
Follow me on Twitter, FionnaatIBT.Harper Beckham's Baby Style
Harper Beckham Is One Chic Child!
Like us on Facebook
Photo 1 of 18 View on One Page
ADVERTISEMENT ( more slides)Next
1
Harper Beckham Is One Chic Child!
With parents like David and Victoria Beckham, 2-year-old Harper has certainly inherited some pretty posh genetic makeup. "I love the French clothes for little girls. I like little girls to look like little girls," mom Victoria said way back before Harper was even born. She's stayed true to her word, keeping her posh tot consistently decked in traditional duds, and the results couldn't be any cuter. Take a peek at some of our favorite style statements from the littlest Beckham.
Photo 1 of 18 View on One Page
ADVERTISEMENT ( more slides)Next
Latest Baby, Toddlers, Kids & ParentingLooking for Business Director (BTL) - Gurgaon, Direct marketing arm of a marketing communication Co.
Hi,
We are an online HR Services Company in Delhi NCR specializing in Middle-Senior level assignments for our clients in Advertising, Direct marketing, Banking, IT\ITES\KPOs and Consulting industries.
Job Position: Business Director – BTL
Department: Account Management
Reports directly to: Managing Director
Location: Delhi/NCR
Responsible for stratigizing the BTL activities for Microsoft as an account..
PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:
-At least 10-15 years experience, with a comprehensive understanding of BTL work.
-Successful track record of handling multiple Client assignments
-Experience of handling Technology industry.
Please mail your responses at gunjan@humanlinks.com
Regards
Gunjan
0124-4634105Definitions
from The American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, 4th Edition
- n. Uranium dioxide.
from Wiktionary, Creative Commons Attribution/Share-Alike License
- n. Any of several impure mixtures of uranium oxides
Etymologies
New Latin ūrania, from uranium.(American Heritage® Dictionary of the English Language, Fourth Edition)
Examples
During his 35-year career, Besmann has developed widely used thermochemical models that accurately predict the behavior of urania and mixed oxide fuels, which are now used in the majority of today's nuclear power plant reactors.
Log in or sign up to get involved in the conversation. It's quick and easy.“I certainly don’t have any plans at the moment to walk away from what I believe will be something special,” said Sir Alex Ferguson in his programme notes accompanying Manchester United’s fixture with Chelsea last weekend. Forget the Italians, if Ferguson says it’s pasta, check under the sauce. For less than three days later United’s modern-day patriarch has gone. Retired and replaced. The king is dead. Long live the king.
Ferguson’s has been a remarkable journey these past 27 years. From a club on its knees, without a league trophy since 1968, to the global monolith that oozes silverware from every pore. Ferguson has overseen it all.
Along the way there has come more than 30 major trophies, countless rows and the unsavoury support for the Glazer family.
Yet, strangely almost, by the time United’s official announcement came on Thursday there was no surprise in Ferguson’s passing. Perhaps it is the numbness that comes with shock. Or, in truth, that the expectation of the unexpected was so ingrained that Sir Alex’ news, coming out of left field, was at least from clear blue skies.
Victory over Manchester City, such comprehensive victory at that, has proffered a send off better than any could have hoped. Not for this manager did it all end in failure.
And in the passing of time and glory it is so easy to forget just how decrepit the club that Ferguson found in 1986; unstable financially, a squad bent more on drinking than winning, and an opponent in Liverpool that conquered all before it. The perch wasn’t even in sight.
The legacy is complete now. By any measure Ferguson’s reign is without peer. Not at United, nor in England, or globally. And he will leave a club far stronger than he found it.
“The decision to retire is one that I have thought a great deal about,” said Ferguson on Wed.”
There is so much that has already been written; Fergie strolls into retirement having created a surfeit of memories. It is an end none could have foreseen on 6 November 1986 – the day Ron Atkinson was sacked, and Ferguson hired as his replacement.
Indeed, there was little hope that Ferguson would last five years at a club that had sought glory, but failed to deliver in more than a generation. It has been one of the most remarkable tenures in the history of the game.
Then Ferguson is one of the most remarkable men to have graced the sport. A force majeure of control freakery, with an uncanny ability to cajole, bully and inspire. Each has contributed to Ferguson’s success.
As has luck. Barrel loads of it. But then, as Lefty Gomez, the post-war pitcher famously said: “I’d rather be lucky than good.” Ferguson is both and modern United owes him all for it.
But Ferguson’s appointment was a gamble, whatever the manager’s success in Scotland. As it turns out, ending the Auld Firm duopoly and taking provincial outpost Aberdeen to European glory was just the beginning of Ferguson’s iconoclasm.
Yet, United, as Fergie was to learn, is nothing like Aberdeen, and the expectation of success has always been different, even if it was rarely achieved between Sir Matt Busby’s heyday and the late 1980 the Scot’s first full season in charge was entirely false. Simply becoming competitive with Liverpool was the imperative. After all, at Liverpool they said ‘winning is winning and second is nowhere’.
United was nowhere at best.
Most destructively, Ferguson inherited a deleterious culture of alcohol among a clique of senior pros. That Ferguson set about systematically re-engineering the club, and ultimately succeeding, is testament to the enduring influence the Scot has brought on what is now a multi-billion pound institution. And he did it all in Busby’s shadow.
Ferguson ripped apart United’s youth system – a decision that would prove fruitful nearly a decade later – laying the foundations for squad changes ahead.
By the end of the 1988 campaign Ferguson had released, sold or accepted the retirements of seven players. Within two years Ferguson had overseen the departures of more terrace heroes, including Gordon Strachan, Norman Whiteside, and Paul McGrath.
This, however, is United and progressive change, no matter the club’s state in the mid to late 1980s, was never so copacetic. By the turn of the decade Ferguson was under pressure from within, many calling for or anticipating the manager’s departure.
“Three years of excuses and it’s still crap…ta-ra Fergie,” read the now infamous banner following a run of six defeats in eight games during late 1989. Ferguson would later describe the period as “the darkest” he had ever suffered.
If there was a turning point in Ferguson’s tenure then United’s FA Cup win over Nottingham Forest at the City Ground in January 1990 is often the illustration. It has become a Fergusonian cliché, but the pressure to dismiss the Scot had United not secured the 1990 FA cup may well have become insurmountable.
The Cup win was never enough for the Scot though. Ferguson’s assessment that United had become a ‘cup team club’ was always on the money.
Success in Europe came in 1991 with a remarkable, and thoroughly unexpected, run in the Cup Winners’ Cup, triumphing 2-1 in the final against Barcelona. It would not be the last time Ferguson would meet the Catalans in European competition. Once again, however, United failed to put up a genuine challenge for the First Division title.
Not until narrow failure a year later, with Paul Parker and Peter Schmeichel adding to the growing influence of youngsters Lee Sharpe and Ryan Giggs, did United genuinely challenge for English supremacy. It was the first time in 25 years that the club had done so.
The Holy Grail was found a year on amid the late drama of Steve Bruce’s unforgettable headed double against Sheffield Wednesday. Champions of England at last, with Brian Kidd’s praise sent to the heavens.
The deluge started then. The double came in 1994, with the most combative team modern United has known. “So many of them, real tough bastards,” Ferguson would later note. The ‘double double’ came two years later under the magnificent influence of Ferguson’s finest signing, Eric Cantona.
By 1999 United conquered Europe’s best, driven not through expensive acquisitions alone, but by the youthful evolution Ferguson had instigated 13 years earlier.
United may have been lucky that remarkable night at Camp Nou, but it was Ferguson’s due having revived the club root and branch from a generation-long malaise.
In that Ferguson has never been a coach alone. Whether United’s board truly understood this in 1986 is moot; it was a decision that transformed a football club.
The Scot’s chameleon-like ability to adapt to an ever-changing environment has ensured that the club has continually met new challenges. He has personally evolved for the modern era by entrusting an ever-increasing sphere of influence to an army of coaching, fitness, health and science professionals.
There are failures though. Ferguson’s ability to succeed in the market has often been mixed. Eric Cantona, Peter Schmeichel, Steve Bruce, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, Denis Irwin – all bought for a song. The Scot also wasted money on a plethora of the average, particularly as the 1990s gave way to a new millennium. The scattergun policy still unearths rare gems, but mediocrity is often a by-product.
Then there are the personality failings: Ferguson’s requirement for total control has seen Paul Ince, David Beckham, Ruud van Nistelrooy and Jaap Stam leave in acrimony, each before their peak.
Too often, with embarrassing results, Fergie picked fights with the Football Association, media, referees, fellow managers, coaches and, eventually, United’s supporters. Much of it was counter-productive.
“Sometimes I lose my temper,” he once noted. “If someone argues with me I have to win the argument. I can’t lose an argument.”
And no mention of Ferguson’s failings can come without an assessment of his role since 2005. The Scot’s acquiescence to the Glazer takeover, the decision to ‘look after his staff’, and to repeatedly, vocally, support a regime at the height of supporter protest was unnecessarily divisive.
Ferguson’s refusal to acknowledge even the basis for supporter concern was an error. Fans cannot, as Ferguson once urged a travelling supporter, simply “f*ck off and support Chelsea.”
Yet, the bitter after-taste of Ferguson’s loyalty to the Glazer family will fade before memories of the glory will. There is a generation of United supporters that know nothing else but Ferguson, good and bad. Those supporters have experienced little else but unbridled success.
The new journey begins with David Moyes in the dugout, and Fergie in the directors box. Sir Alex’ shadow will surely be long and dark. But that is for the future. In focus for now, the goodbye.
“To the fans, thank you,” concluded Ferguson on Wednesday.
“The support you have provided over the years has been truly humbling. It has been an honour and an enormous privilege to have had the opportunity to lead your club and I have treasured my time as manager of Manchester United.”
It is mutual. It has been a drama, a pleasure, and, frankly, an absolute honour.
amen. couldnt agree more with every word
Couldn’t agree more. Feel like an idiot now for the times I shouted at the tv saying it was time for him to retire. The announcement was like a slap in the face yesterday. Genuinely hope he enjoys his retirement and I will certainly miss him.
Fantastic, honest appraisal of Ferguson’s time at the club. I found his support for the Glazers and contempt for the fans who were against the Glazer takeover unpalatable, particulalrly as the takeover meant some of us felt we had no choice but to give up our season tickets in protest at this and, on a wider scale, the invasion of nu-football, thus sacrificing one of the loves of our lives, never to return. However, I am immensely grateful for getting us out of the doldrums, making us great again, and providing me with some of the most wonderful memories – Nou Camp 99 still sends shivers down my spine. I can’t thank him for everything he’s done, but I’ll thank him heartily for the rest.
Its the end of an era. I’m glad he is alive to see how much he is appreciated for his contribution to football. Hate him or love him he is one of the greatest to have ever graced the beautiful game. I wouldnt want this piece to souce like a eulogy but a celebration of the greatest manger ive seen in my life time. What a career!
I love you Alex
This hit me harder than I thought it would. I believed strongly he would have gone had we beaten Barca in 2011. So every year was a bonus in my mind. Yet. This was a bombshell. I parked my car and held back tears.
This was my tribute
From cals blog…
“So, I had an agonising wait for Sports Round-up to know the score. When I heard it, I jumped on the back of my friend so suddenly it was a miracle we both did not collapse in a heap.”
..the lucky bastard
LKHF
faffing
Ed – please don’t do a Fergie on us and retire
brilliant article – THANK YOU
One the best for a long time Ed, thanks.
One omission is the Rock of Gibraltar affair where Taggart got slapped by people who know a lot more than business that he does. He chose to pick a fight with the board and lost. It never happened again. He learned his lesson and that continued with the current owners.
danni – yes I short cut the whole horse spunk to Glazers piece. He was culpable, but I’m thinking of doing a fuller thing on that.
LOL – the cock crowed that day I’ll bet
Told these cunts yesterday. They called me a liar.
Never doubt my word. Moyes will be announced sometime today as the new manager.
Fair enough Herbs you were right. So do your contacts know if we are buying Ronaldo or Messi?
without taggart we’re the same as everyone else
after 20 years of us dominating its all up for grabs now
and im not backing moyes tbf
LKHF
faffing
Right, enough’s enough now Herbie – I was willing to accept your disability, but you’ve gone far enough with this horse-shit now.
Stop being a cock, accept that we all knew about this LONG before you did (considering there were at least two separate threads started on the topic prior to your big news!!) and fuck up!!!
(you magnificent WUM beast you!)
We are all loyal, dedicated supporters so lets have some respect. Now whats your take on Moyes? Are everyone happy with Moyes?
Well, I still think you’re full of shit, and I’ve yet to see anything in the papers that proves otherwize… There was an interesting article about Ferguson trying to sign van Percie from Arsenal though… any word on that Herbie?
Don’t be a dick – you called us all cunts for not believing a story we already knew about, way before you did. And you want US to show YOU respect?
Pfft!
Your shorts are obviously on too tight and cutting off the circulation Mike!
Amazing..you don provide tangible proof fergie is going and now you start dragging moyes into it
Sick tbf…next you’ll be telling us Rooney is going
Excellent article Ed. An equally fitting tribute to Fergie from DT in the Guardian yesterday, I’m sure most people have read it as the link to it was retweeted a lot on Twitter!
It just got very real now the Moyes is confirmed. No potential successor was without risk. I suppose the board valued stability (Moyes) more than a short-term fix (Mourinho). Hopefully the players are on board with this appointment. I can’t help but wonder what RVP is thinking: “But Fergie, I signed for you!!”. Can’t imagine Rooney will be changing his mind this time either!
Personally, I think Moyes is a good choice. Firstly, he was Fergie’s man, which says infinitely more about him than what anyone else thinks. And I just didn’t fancy Mourinho in charge, the arrogant twat. And the likes of Klupp would probably be riskier than Moyes, coming from a different league.
Interestingly, on the United website, very first line on the news of Moyes appointment:
“Manchester United Board unanimously approves the recommendation of Sir Alex Ferguson”. They’re making it very clear this was Fergie’s choice…laying all the blame for this one on Fergie!
The next big story is Rooney! He told the club he was leaving. I will leave it as that for now.
I don’t disrespect anyone here, but you acted like a bunch of cunts yesterday and thats no respect to me. Next season I will be writing for united rant but my articles will be coming from information inside the club. Right now Iam in the process of sending one of my youngsters on a trial at the United academy. Have you ever read about Nahki Wells. The Bradford striker from my club, has scored 27 goals this season in just his second year at Bradford. Helped Bradford to reach the League Cup final against Swansea and now the League Two playoff final at Wembley. I coached this player and many others that are in the English leagues now. Wells is now a target for Southampton, Leeds and Burnley. All my players are trained at age 5 years old to kick and dribble with both feet. Once they reach the under 10 team, if they cannot kick with both feet, we ask them to leave and find another club to play for. We strive on producing world class youngsters, thats why West Ham and Stoke scouts are always here checking my players. I’ve got another 17 year old striker at Crawley Town. Jonte Smith in his first season has scored 31 goals. My 18 year old goalkeeper is at Stoke playing for the academy/reserve team.
Lol..I’ve a stoke academy keeper playing for me
Oh btw herbie…what a knob
From what I’ve read, Rooney’s problem was with Fergie, their relationship was beyond repair. He asked to leave, unaware that Fergie was about to leave himself.
So if he wants to change his mind, why not let him? New manager. New slate. If he wants to stay, he obviously still wants to play for United.
Despite his inconsistencies, I would hate him to leave. Can’t see him changing his mind though.
if you want respect, you most definitely joined the wrong forum herbie
you cant knock that record tbf
how on earth is a successful manager in a foreign league more risky than an unsuccessful one in this league
“Unsuccessful” is a bit harsh. Is success not relative? I think he achieved as much as he could at Everton. Without massive investment he was never going to break the domination of the top 4 clubs in the premier league, or the domination of those clubs in the cup competitions. He turned Everton from relegation fodder to consistently finishing in the top 6 or 7 on a limited budget. He achieved what was expected of him, so from that perspective he was successful.
Obviously the expectations at United are a lot higher in line with United’s stature, and success will be measured by silverware. Whether or not he meets those expectations remains to be seen. But he has a very consistent and respected record in the Premier League.
What’s this about Fergie being summoned to a meeting with the Glazers, and promptly quitting afterwards
I think that’s what Red Issue are going to ‘expose’ on sunday
This
Ed, that period as you have written about before I think way back is critical. After that he never fucked about with the owners again. It cut him down to size and I think a reason why he never said shit about the takeover by the glazers.
Would also be good if you could write a piece on how the Edwards family cashed on the Plc plus how McManus and Magnier built up controlling stakes. I’d like some of the thick cunts on here to know exactly why the Glazers were allowed to do what they did because Edwards and his family put the club in play by going public to make gazillions. Their return on investment would make that of Malcolm look like lose change. United was for all intents and purposes a family business since it was rescued from bankruptcy decades ago, and how ironic now that it is once again a family business.
Cant believe some of the “cunts” on this forum still get wound up by King Herbie the WUM.
George Osbourne once got the hairdryer treatment from Fergie
lolz at the comments n all
Have you guys seen this? Pretty funny…
Lovely piece about Fergie, written by a Scouser nonetheless, you may have seen already, but worth a read if you haven’t.
Jeez, reading that made the hair on my arms stand on end. The human, caring side of Fergie never seems to get the recognition and credit it deserves, but it’s always nice to hear and read about.
I’ve seen the same footage used with a different scenario, but this was well done too; it made me chuckle in several places.
Aye, I’ve seen a few of them as well… there was one a few years back, had me in tears… fuckin hilarious, it was… but for the life of me, I can’t remember what it was about.
Funniest one was the city one when Owen scored…best by far
That one above is shit tbf
I think, the one I’m thinking of had something to do with somebody missing out on a signing… don’t know if it was us, or Chumpski, or Liverpool though… all I remember for sure is, it was funny as fuck.
Just looked that one up… I’d forgotten about that one… that was good as well.File:Gramps-gramplet.png
From Gramps
Revision as of 07:26, 2 November 2008 by Romjerome (Talk | contribs) (==Licensing== {{cc-by-2.0|B. Malengier, based on Jakub Steiner,}})
Gramps-gramplet.png (48 × 48 pixels, file size: 3 KB, MIME type: image/png)
Licensing
File history
Click on a date/time to view the file as it appeared at that time.
- You cannot overwrite this file.
File usage
The following 2 pages link to this file:Archive for Thursday, December 29, 2005
Village West businesses ring up robust holiday sales
Legends 14, the new kid on the block as it pertains to cinemas in the Kansas City metropolitan area, was one of several Village West businesses that reported a successful holiday weekend.
"We were very busy and we've taken our place among the busiest (theaters) in Kansas City," said Greg Hogue, community relations director for Legends 14.
Legends 14 opened in November. The theater, which seats 3,000 people and boasts 14 screens, is the centerpiece attraction of the Legends of Village West, a 750,000-square-foot shopping area in western Wyandotte County.
Citing company policy, theater representatives do not release gross figures from its box office nor do they report attendance numbers. However, Hogue said Legends 14 fared well in comparison with the top houses in the metropolitan area.
"We're in the top 10, always, and frequently higher than that," he said.
Typically, Christmas Day is a big draw for theaters, but Hogue said the biggest wave of the weekend came the day after, on Monday.
"Christmas wasn't as busy," he said. "What happened was everybody decided to come out Monday because they had the day off. That was the busiest day of the weekend for us."
Fueling the theater's successful weekend was Legends' screening of the hit comedy, "The Producers" as well as displaying the winter's blockbuster, "King Kong" on a massive 87-foot screen, which is dubbed by theater representatives as "the largest in Kansas City."
"People came from all over to see 'King Kong' on the big screen," Hogue said.
The movie theater wasn't the only Village West business enthused with its flow of customers. Retailers inside Legends, which also opened in the fall, reported strong December sales.
Amy Kraft, marketing director for the Legends shopping area, said the managers of several retailers and restaurants reported that their businesses "exceeded expectations."
"We've heard some great success stories from them," she said.
"With this being our first year and (the shopping area) only partially open, it was hard to tell what projections might be," she said. "But, we feel pretty good about what's happening out there."
More Legends businesses will be unveiled this spring. And, many believe the noteworthy showing this December only scratches the surface of what's to come when the area is at full strength.
"It was amazing how many people were here and how many are always here," Hogue said. "It's certainly foretelling of what's to come this spring."
Commenting has been disabled for this item.PHOTO VOICE – Participatory Photography for Social Change
I have always been interested in how photography can change awareness and attitudes or at least encourage viewers to look at the world in different ways.
Photo Voice provides opportunities not just for the ‘passive’ viewer but for people to use photography to reflect on their personal worlds as well as communicate to others.
PhotoVoice’s vision is for a world in which no one is denied the opportunity to speak out and be heard. PhotoVoice’s mission is to build skills within disadvantaged and marginalised communities using innovative participatory photography and digital storytelling methods so that they have the opportunity to represent themselves and create tools for advocacy and communications to achieve positive social change.
Over the course of 10 years PhotoVoice has worked with numerous disability and mental health groups in the UK and internationally, training those accessing services or care to use photography to explore their lives, share their viewpoints and experiences, and in some to create work that seeks to change public perceptions or social practice. The images created by PhotoVoice participants, usually accompanied by explanatory captions written by the photographer that give a context for the chosen subject, show their lives and experiences as they wish them to be represented, and reveal their unique perspectives on issues important to them..
Projects
Since 1999 PhotoVoice has pioneered the use of participatory photography as a tool for communication, self expression and advocacy. We have worked in the UK and across the globe with marginalised and vulnerable communities whose human rights are being undermined. Our organisational partners have included Amnesty International, World Vision, UNICEF, Save the Children, The International HIV/AIDS Alliance and United Response.
Current international projects include: Eyes of Youth – Kurbin, Albania (2011); Workshops with nomadic pastoralist children in Somali Region of Ethiopia; Images of What is Ours – Paraguay (2009-2010); See it Our Way – Albania, Armenia, Lebanon, Romania, Pakistan (2010-11); Youth as Agents for Change – Direct Voices Russia and Bosnia Herzegovina (2009-2010);
Training workshops
A comprehensive introduction to designing and running participatory photography projects – 3 day training course
Upcoming Course Dates:
• 22-24th February 2012
Overview
The 3-day course provides a comprehensive introduction to understanding, designing, managing and facilitating a participatory photography project. The course covers key aspects of participatory photography including practicalities, methodologies, ethics, participatory tools, facilitation and participatory frameworks.
Aimed at: anyone seeking to gain a thorough grounding in participation and photography. It is ideal for practitioners and professionals who want to set up a participatory project.
The course is suitable for a wide range of participants interested in social change and photography or digital media including: photographers, visual practitioners, voluntary sector and NGO staff, campaigners, statutory sector workers, and academics.
The course covers
• What is participatory photography?
• Participation and power
• Photography as a participatory medium
• Examples of participatory methodologies
• Workshop and project design
• Facilitation skills
• Ethics and informed consent
• Understanding and working with risk
• Creating a safe space
• Project practicalities
• Participatory editing
• Images and change
Course outcomes: By the end of the training you will have gained: new skills, knowledge, tools, confidence and resources for initiating and carrying out a participatory project.
RESOURCES
Methodology Series
Our range of practitioner guides and case studies offer valuable information, advice and best practice guidelines to those work with a range of groups using participatory photography.
The resources can also be accessed for free online, using the links below. (Please note that not all the resources provided on the CD-ROM can be accessed online.)
If you have used any of our resources and would like to comment on how it has fed into your work please contact info@photovoice.org
To help PhotoVoice continue to offer these resources free of charge to support the use of participatory photography by organisations and individuals working for positive social change, please consider making a donation to support our work.
Photography for Integration: Photography with young refugees (password: pvn3tw0rk1)
Change the Picture: Photography with vulnerable women (password: pvn3tw0rk2)
Therapeutic Photography: Photography as a tool for promoting well being
Sensory Photography: Photography for blind and partially sighted people
Merci encore pour toutes ces belles images
Jean-Marc ABRIEU Multi-instrumentiste
play Sax bariton,tenor,alto,soprano,harmonica,flute des andes,Shakuhashi,Dabro square neck,lap steel,Cuatro,charango.Percutions ,Cajon.Student Commencement Speech by Sarah R. Smith
Hello, Class of 1998.
Do you remember the Admissions video they sent us about a billion years ago? I have to admit, I loved the scenes from Commencement. Those women looked so grown-up, so beautiful and so proud as they marched along, trying not to look at the camera. The looks on their faces, I thought, how did they get those wise eyes? I wanted to be one them. I wanted to feel how it feels to have completed Wellesley - I wanted to stop feeling so small. Though today may feel as scary in some ways as the day we left home, I can see the look they had on all your faces. You somehow make these silly hats and robes look regal.
A woman I greatly admired my first year told me about the words inscribed on the College shield. Not the famous ones, but another Latin phrase, incipit vita nova. It means, Thus begins a new life. How true, I thought then. And now. When we stepped onto Wellesley's beautiful landscape for our long Orientation almost four years ago, we might not have been able to imagine the women we have now become, but we knew something big had begun. And our lives became not about reaching today, Commencement, not about completing Wellesley, as I thought when I admired the women in the Admissions video, but working through each day, with the women around us. Our new lives became about living here, and I think the wiser eyes we have today attest to the part of Wellesley we will take with us tomorrow.
What that is, is going to be different for all of us. Our experiences in and out of the classroom, our accomplishments and our frustrations have intersected countless times; we have affected each other deeply, but we each will make our own meaning of Wellesley.
We all know that there are many differences among us, and that they make our unity complex and sometimes difficult. Just as we do out best not to shy away from our differences, I think we should leave here remembering not just the joy of this wonderful place, but its hard times as well. For these are what have made our experiences here more than a vacation - a long, lazy, sunny stay that soon fades into other peaceful memories.
I hope you all have found peaceful moments here, on Lake Day or Spring Weekend or when you finished your theses. Or on any day when you found yourself enjoying life in spite of your cares. I hope we will continue to have those days.
But what about the days that came before and after them? There were struggles large and small - papers, projects, conflicts both personal and public. Those were the hard days. They've made us strong. And the beauty in them is that it's not bad to have hard things to do - in fact, it's good, it's where life happens. My mom has often reminded me that, "If it were easy, it wouldn't be worth doing." It wasn't easy here; it won't be easy when we go. But that's what makes us proud, whole, and beautiful.
We can continue to be this way in the new life that indeed begins today. I encourage you to also keep with you our official motto, not to be served but to serve. Ponder it as you make your new choices. We each can decide how this motto affects our lives. I think our time here has instilled it into each of us - we know that the smallest service can mean the world to another person, and that the most sweeping reform needs to touch the individual. We know that to serve is one of the harder things in life, but we are not only ready for the challenge, we can appreciate its beauty. It is what makes our new lives less focused on our personal successes: if we listen to it, we give our personal victories meaning in the world. It brings beautiful struggles into our lives, making the hard days the ones to live for.
I know this class is going to do wonderful things, for ourselves, for each other and for those things and people we each care deeply about. Congratulations, Class of 1998. May we have many hard, beautiful days.Home > Releases > Global Financial Development > Boone Indicator in Banking Market for Trinidad and Tobago (DDOI05TTA156NWDB)
Download Data |
Add to My Data List
| Current Series in FRED
Related Categories
International Data > Countries > Trinidad and Tobago
International Data > Indicators > Money, Banking, & Finance > Banking > Condition of BanksPublications and Reports
Use the links below to access Missouri Division of Finance publications and reports:
- Weekly bulletin
- AOCI opt out-opt in
- Annual Assessment - Fiscal Year 2015
- 2015
- Recent legislative changes
- Division of Finance Disaster Recovery Plan
- Banking Practice Survey for Second QuarterI honestly could not have been luckier when I just randomly chose Denice as one of the real estate professionals listed on a desert property I wanted to see. She was on vacation at the time and STILL made the time to answer my every email, and arrange an immediate date to show it upon her return. She is so well-organized, personable (so charming and likable!) and organized, she really is outstanding in her field. Denice took my husband and I on a well-planned tour of 6 properties. Being one of the most patient humans on earth, she answered my every question both by phone, email and in person (and there were many!) and showed us one property three times to help us make a decision. If you are smart, you will start with Denice as your realtor and not let go! She is amazing in every possible way. She is a go-getter with heart and ethics, what more can you ask for?
Denice Hickethier
8 Recent Sales (last 12 months)
Real Estate Broker
- Specialties:
- Buyer's Agent,
- Listing Agent,
- Short-Sale,
- Property Management
Ratings & Reviews
Like so many people, during the hard economy we lost our jobs and our dream home. At near retirement age, this was devastating. Then we met Denice. After obtaining full time employment, Denice found a seller who was willing to invest in us and he financed our home directly. With her passion to help us repair our lives, Denice searched relentlessly until she found a solution for us and we became secure homeowners again. We thank her every day for her tenacity, knowledge and drive, but mostly for her heart to care enough about us to help. To end this review all we can say is if you are looking to list or purchase, Denice is the agent for you!!
I have used Denice Hickethier for my agent in ALL of my real estate transactions for the past 10 years (and there have been many)! I am always impressed with her knowledge of current housing markets, thoroughness of my personalized property searches and her ability to get the sale or purchase through to the end.
Denice has developed an extraordinary ability to find me the best home option for each of my purchases and to guide me through the sometimes confusing and stressful process of home buying or selling. Denice is bright, knowledgeable, funny, personable, patient and accessible when you need her!
I will be glad to work with her for all my future real estate transactions!To:
That looks great. Women’s Day in Minneapolis, led by Maoists, with speeches that made sense in 1968.FanFiction.Net FanFiction.Net: ChanceFan Story feed for writer: ChanceFan 2015-05-22T03:33:26-08:00 tag:fanfiction.net,2015-05-22:/atom/u/947850/ ChanceFan 2015-04-30T17:15:56-08:00 2015-04-30T17:15:56-08:00 SWAT Kats - Black Tiger tag:fanfiction.net,2015-04-30:story.11219604 Author: <a href=''>ChanceFan</a><br><a href=''>SWAT Kats</a><br>English, Rated: T<br>Supernatural/General<br>Characters: Jake C./Razor<br>Chapters: 1, Words: 2,393, Reviews: 1, Rated: T, In-Progress<hr size=1>Jake has never been interested in Wrestling... at least, that was until he found the mystical mask of the long-lost wrestler, Black Tiger! After putting it on, he truly considers about bringing back the legend to life again... ChanceFan 2013-02-03T07:36:00-08:00 2013-02-03T07:36:00-08:00 Masked katastrophe tag:fanfiction.net,2013-02-03:story.8974268 Author: <a href=''>ChanceFan</a><br><a href=''>SWAT Kats and The Mask</a><br>English, Rated: T<br>Supernatural/Humor<br>Characters: Chance F./T-Bone<br>Chapters: 1, Words: 3,227, Reviews: 1, Rated: T, In-Progress<hr size=1>After having a particularly rough day, Chance finds a mysterious green mask: the Mask of Loki. Will he be able to get a hold on his darkest wishes, or he will become drunk on power as the new 'face' of Megakat City? Reviews are welcome.Northstar Realty Finance Corporation (NRF): Today's Featured Real Estate Winner
Northstar Realty Finance Corporation ( NRF) pushed the Real Estate industry higher today making it today's featured real estate winner. The industry as a whole closed the day up 0.8%. By the end of trading, Northstar Realty Finance Corporation rose $0.32 (2.2%) to $14.75 on light volume. Throughout the day, 5,459,964 shares of Northstar Realty Finance Corporation exchanged hands as compared to its average daily volume of 9,641,200 shares. The stock ranged in a price between $14.33-$14.80 after having opened the day at $14.33 as compared to the previous trading day's close of $14.43. Other companies within the Real Estate industry that increased today were: J.W. Mays ( MAYS), up 20.5%, Walker & Dunlop ( WD), up 8.0%, ZipRealty ( ZIPR), up 5.9% and Excel ( EXL), up 5.4% Corporation has a market cap of $4.5 billion and is part of the financial sector. Shares are up 7.3% year to date as of the close of trading on Wednesday. Currently there are 4 analysts that rate Northstar Realty Finance Corporation a buy, no analysts rate it a sell, and none rate it a hold.
TheStreet Ratings rates Northstar Realty Finance Corporation.
On the negative front,
American Realty Investors (
ARL), down 6.0%,
Elbit Imaging (
EMITF), down 3.9%,
Transcontinental Realty Investors (
TCI), down 3.7% and
St. Joe Corporation (
JOE), down 2.5% , were all laggards within the real estate industry with
Nationstar Mortgage Holdings (
NSM)<<
Purple Paw Swirl Lightweight Hooded Tunic
From $26.95
Festival Cats & Dogs Oven Mitts - Set of 2
From $11.99
On Sale!
Purple Paw & Rhinestones Top
From $29.95
Start Your Day with Faith Car Charm
From $12.95
Made with Love Purple Paw Collapsible Measuring Cups
From $8.00
Special Value!
From $1.99
On Sale!
Drink Wine & Pet My Dog Hooded Sweatshirt
From $34.95
Only Speaking To My Cat! T-Shirt
From $17.95
Purple Paw Women's Casual Shorts
From $13.99
On Sale!
Pawfect Recipe Measuring Cup Set
From $11.99
On Sale!
From $24.95
One of our favorites!
$6.95
$19.95
Midnight Dragonfly Soup Bowl
From $12.95
$14.95
Purple Paw Cut Out Wristlet
$14_19<<
From $10.00
Special Value!
Help Sterilize and Vaccinate Homeless Cats
From $1.00
Purple Paw Trimmed Polar Fleece Jacket
From $29.95
Buy a Coat, Give a Coat!
Pallets of Pet Food for American Shelters
From $9.00
"Always At Your Side" Sterling Necklace
From $24.95
Purple Paw Burnout Pullover Hoodie
From $29.99
On Sale!
Festival Dogs Kitchen Towels - Set of 2
From $9.99
On Sale!
Dog Lives Hooded Sweatshirt
From $34.95
Wings of an Angel Purple Paw Mug
From $9.00
Special Value!
Diagonal Rays Stonewashed Tee
From $29.99
On Sale!
Purple Paw Delight Tote Bag
From $16.99
On Sale!
Paws & Hearts Silicone Trivet
From $5.00
Special Value!
Stop Cruelty Before It Starts
From $10.00
Your donation will be matched dollar for dollar!
From $32.99
On Sale!
$28.95
Coat of Many Colors Hooded Long Jacket
From $44.95
Gives $5 To Nepal
Center Stage Embroidered Paw Print Hooded Jacket
From $42.95
Gives $5 To Nepal
From $9.95
Clinging Kitty Outdoor Thermometer
From $11.99
On Sale!
Divine Chocolate Bar - 1.5 oz
From $2.00
Special Value!
Paw Print Silicone Muffin Pan
From $6.00
Special Value!
Cats Galore Shopping Tote
From $12.99
On Sale!
$39.95
Buy a Pair, Give a Pair!
Buy a Pair, Give a Pair!
Electric Paws Tie-Dye Tee
$26.95
Crazy Cat Lady Grande Mug
$12.95
Help Where It's Most Needed
From $1.00A new trailer from Marvel for their upcoming free-to-play MMO Marvel Heroes shows off the different costumes you can use when you play as Iron Man in the game. Included in the line-up are several versions from the comic books and the films, most of which we’ve listed here for Iron Man’s 50th anniversary. Check out the video below..Newt Gingrich's campaign staff resign "en masse"
WASHINGTON -- South Carolina.
Other officials said Gingrich was informed that his entire high command was quitting in a meeting earlier in the.
The presidential candidate himself wrote in a post on Facebook, "I am committed to running the substantive, solutions-oriented campaign I set out to run earlier this spring. The campaign begins anew Sunday in Los Angeles.".
Meanwhile, Georgia Democrats are out with a statement looking to capitalize on the shake-up:
Campaign staffers of Newt Gingrich's flailing presidential bid walked off the job en masse today, demonstrating the power of organized labor and teamwork while serving in a hostile work environment.Even before the sudden departures, Gingrich's campaign was off to a notably rocky start. Within days of formally announcing he would run, he was assailed by conservatives for criticizing a plan to remake Medicare that Republicans pushed through the House.
...
"After three grueling weeks on the campaign trail, Gingrich needed a vacation and his entire staff needed to quit the campaign entirely," concluded Gray. "I don't know which is worse- his work ethic or his people skills."
He called the author of the plan, Rep. Paul Ryan,.
- La 2011/06/10 13:08:41+1How nice for him....reply
- Fannie 2011/06/10 01:35:59Look over there, it's a rainbowreply
- lynnie 2011/06/09 22:49:08+1He's done, why should they stick around and continue the sham?reply
- Phyl *In God i Trust* 2011/06/09 22:15:31+2They was unhappy with him,the way he does thing's.reply
- +1they didn't like him dissing the Ryan Plan, even though it doesn't wipe out the deficit UNTIL 2040 LOLreply
See Votes by State
News & Politics
2015/05/22 10:00:33
More Community More OriginalsELAVIL STUART 45 (Elavil 25 MG)
Generic Name: amitriptyline
Pill imprint ELAVIL STUART 45 has been identified as Elavil 25 MG.
Elavil is used in the treatment of pain; insomnia; anxiety and stress; chronic myofascial pain; fibromyalgia (and more), and belongs to the drug class tricyclic antidepressants. Risk cannot be ruled out during pregnancy. Elavil 25 MG is not subject to the Controlled Substances Act.
See also related documents.
- Generic Name:
- amitriptyline
- Imprint:
- ELAVIL
STUART 45
- Strength:
- 25 MG
- Color:
- Yellow
- Shape:
- Round
- Availability:
- Prescription only
More about Elavil .OP Recognized Contributor / Archivist-in-Chief
Thanks Meter: 2,717Donate to Me
I was able to download Google Wallet straight off the market this morning without having to use any workarounds. If you have an I9020T on T-Mobile USA, give it a try.
Last edited by oldblue910; 5th April 2012 at 08:18 PM.Each’re pleased to announce new moderation features for clients of FixMyStreet for Councils.
This new functionality enables nominated members of staff to edit user reports from within the FixMyStreet front end.
It’s quick and easy, and allows you to react immediately to unwanted content on your site. Read on to find out more.
What’s wrong with this report?
So what is wrong with the report in the screenshot above?
If you run a site on the FixMyStreet platform, you’ll be familiar with this kind of report, and the chances are that you’ll already be twitching to edit it.
User-generated content is wonderful in many ways – but it can also present problems on a public-facing site. Let’s look at a few of the potential issues in the report above:
- The user has included his phone number in the report description, and now it’s available for anyone to see.
- The user’s name is also public. While this is the default option on FixMyStreet, users often get in touch to say that they meant to make their report anonymously (an option on FixMyStreet, but one which the user can only access at the point of submission).
- There’s an inappropriate photo. This one is a statue of Carl Jung, which obviously has nothing to do with the report. But even relevant photos can be problematic: imagine if it was a graphic depiction of a dead animal, or some rude graffiti.
- Profanity: in the example above, we’ll imagine that “pesky” is a mild profanity, but experience tells us that users don’t always hold back on their language.
There are other common problems too, not represented in this report. Users sometimes post potentially libellous information: naming someone they suspect of flytipping, for example, or giving an address where they believe planning permission has been flouted.
In the run-up to local election, councils have to be particularly sensitive to any content that might be construed as political – commonly they wish to remove any mention of any candidate.
Moderation in all things
Up until now, we’ve edited reports for our council clients, on request. However, this is clearly a long-winded way of getting sensitive material off the site, especially when time is of the essence.
So we’ll shortly be introducing the ability for client moderation of sites. Councils or other bodies who run FixMyStreet will be able to nominate trusted users and give them the ability to edit problematic reports from within the report page.
When logged in, these users will see a “moderate” button on every report – this feature will not be available to any user unless explicitly authorised.
As you can see, this panel provides the ability to:
- Hide the report completely
- Hide the name of the poster
- Hide or show a photo (if one was originally provided)
- Edit the title and body of the report.
For some reports, it might be necessary to make a number of edits, and finally submit the changes:
The moderator can also add a reason for the changes, so it’s recorded if a colleague needs to know the history of the report in the future.
This functionality gives a lot of power to admins to remove inappropriate information – but the user took the time to submit their report, and it’s only fair to let them know it’s been changed. So the system sends them an automatic email, as below:
Finally, the system automatically updates the report to show that it has been moderated. As well as a timestamp, it signals where any information has been removed in the title or body of the report.
Updates can be just as problematic as reports, so the same functionality will apply to them.
We’d welcome feedback on this mechanism, so please let us know if you think we’ve missed any features.
Note: These screenshots are from our work in progress and do not yet display the slick design that we habitually apply right at the end of the build process. Please regard them as preview shots only!
You.I spent two hour jetting ice from under a trailer on wed and another 3 hours there on thur. The skirting is a pain. As if it wasnt a mess already the thing had caught fire from a bullet heater that was left under the thing to thaw it out two weeks before. I only work on trailer for the trailer co that rent them because they always pay, but those things are alway a pain. Once they got the water turned backed on they used the bathroom for a 10 day with the sewer frozen.
Any good trailer stories
Any good trailer stories
CommentPer Fay:
Rotation: It's set
It's no coincidence that the Reds are pitching in the following order:
Aaron Harang
Bronson Arroyo
Johnny Cueto
Josh Fogg
Edinson Volquez
Dusty Baker wouldn't quite say it, but that's how the rotation will line up for the start of the season.
"It's not set," Baker said. "We've still got some action. It's pretty set, except for that fifth spot. I hate to tell young kids that they're there too soon. Then if something happens, you've got to go back on your word. You want to keep them motivated and driven through the end of spring training."
Volquez pitched only two innings Thursday in relief of Homer Bailey because Volquez was pitching on short rest.
"(We did that) in order to get in sync for the rotation," Baker said. "Fogg did the same thing the last time. We figured Homer could handle starting more than coming out of the pen. It takes him a long time to warm-up."
Matt Belisle is out of the picture because of a sore forearm.
"He's going to throw today," Baker said. "He's falling behind."
That means Harang, Arroyo, Cueto, Fogg, Volquez and Bailey are the only healthy starters still in the mix. Bailey could theoretically move into Fogg's or Volquez's spot.
Bailey still has an outside chance of making the rotation over Fogg, but it is a long shot.Hassan Rouhani’s phone call to Barack Obama has been rightly hailed as a breakthrough, a possible first step toward ending 34 years of hostility and implacable mistrust between the United States and Iran. If nothing else, the call marked the end of names: The dissolution of the Great Satan, the removal of Iran from the cue of war and the Axis of Evil.
For those of us who have grown up as Iranian and American, as the children of both countries, the possibility of reconciliation between these two governments has meant more than geopolitical triumph or a resolution of the nuclear issue. Though not yet the sizeable community that it is today, there were plenty of us already here before 1979, our Iranian mothers and fathers working for American companies like Caterpillar and in the oil industry, or studying on the campuses of UCLA and the University of Oklahoma.
The revolution and subsequent hostage crisis cleaved our lives into before and after, into happy and unhappy days. Growing up Iranian-American in the 1980s required a special durability, the skin to tolerate the demonization of Iranians as religious fanatics, the chanting of “death to America” by crowds of Iranians. Like many children who hail from broken homes, we took on the weight of the breakup. If not the blame, then, in the inimitable manner of children, we distilled the agonies of grown-ups. As a 5-year-old living in Peoria, Illinois, the question was singular: “If there’s a war, who will I fight for?”
Caught between these feuding national parents and unwilling to take sides, we decided to fight for both. Being American made it possible to live, as Michael Walzer puts it, on either side of the hyphen. Iranian-Americans lived in both worlds, as scholars, reporters, advocates, or simply as tourists, traveling regularly between the United States and the Islamic Republic. (It remains an underreported story that despite ill relations with the U.S., Iran has never been a totally closed country.) If we had no illusions about bringing our respective madres patrias back together, about facilitating reconciliation, then at least we could foster understanding by dispelling corrosive myths, by keeping lines of communication open.
Change could only come when larger communities in Iran and the U.S. decided that it was time to settle their differences. There is much talk of how quickly things played out last week between the Americans and the Iranians, but the reality is that the ground work for this latest revolution was laid in Iran in June, when the voting public propelled Rouhani to the presidency. Nearly all of the analysis of last week’s accelerating events, the visit by the Iranians to the UN, the phone call between the presidents, has grappled with whether Rouhani’s so-called “charm offensive” is sincere or subterfuge. Those of us who saw Rouhani and his supporters up close found his determination to effect change impressive. One older voter described Rouhani’s victory at the ballot box to me as a “revolution within a revolution.”
Things could still fall apart---there remain constituencies on the right flanks of Obama and Rouhani eager to tank rapprochement between Iran and the U.S.---but it is also true that domestic politics put the two leaders in this position. Rouhani made the phone call, but, to extend a lousy metaphor, some 19 million Iranians fed him the quarters (or loaned him the minutes) that made the call possible.
When we learned about the phone call Friday afternoon, a friend of mine, a non-Iranian, later described what Iranian-Americans could not see: The look of startled joy on our faces. That joy is only slightly corrupted by jealousy of the two-culture kids growing up now who may not have to know the United States and Iran as constant enemies. The best part is imagining what the consequences of rapprochement will be for this generation. I wonder, what sort of questions will they be asking themselves?Rail trail advocate blazes trail with photos, map
Selectmen at their July 8 meeting thanked James Kalloch for all the work he did photographing the Rutland section of the Rail Trail and producing an index map of the trail that he donated to the town.
The board suggested the work could be put on display at the library.
He presented several very large, color photographs that showed the beauty of the trail. “I’m neither a photographer or an artist,” said Kalloch. Instead, he said he considered himself an “advocate for the rail trail.’’
Kalloch said he started the project for himself as a map and took 120 photos with the intention of producing a tour of the trail, east to west, to pick up the points of interest and features that might be intriguing to visitors.
The four and a half foot map depicts the trail from Glenwood Road to Coldbrook Road in Oakham, said Kalloch. “Wachusett Greenways might be interested in the map,” he said. Wachusett Greenways member Ed Yaglou said the map and photos will serve as an historic document of the rail trail, said Kalloch.
“This could be a linear park if we could get some picnic tables out there, a place where trail buffs could sit and talk and enjoy nature,” he added.
There is no place to sit down along the trail, he said. “You go in for twenty minutes and that’s a long way for me at my age. I’ve talked with a lot of people who have said it’s difficult to park and there’s no place to sit,” he added.
Selectman Michael Pantos suggested that it might be a good Eagle Project for a Boy Scout to build some benches that could be put on the trail.my husband has MS and we are trying to get him into JH for Revimmune treatment ASAP due to his conditions... I was given an appointment for October 2010
I was wondering how long did it take for some of you to get in.
Also if they gave you a far away date at first and were able to move your appointment to a closer date.
i have been talking to Mary Brown ( very helpful and understanding) at JH...
but nothing yet!
We can't wait until next year!!!
Thank you all!CINCINNATI (AP) --: Gonzalez was waiting for a medical update on right-hander
Shae Simmons, who had to quit throwing at Triple-A Gwinnett because the
back of his pitching shoulder was bothering him.
Reds: Manager Bryan
Upton is 16 for 40 with four homers and 18 RBIs during his hitting
streak. ... Heyward is 8 for 17 with a homer in his last four games. ....By clicking the “Submit” button, you agree to Avvo’s Terms of Use. Please see our Community Guidelines and Privacy Policy for information on posting to Avvo and how we collect, use, and share information you provide to us.
2 Center PlazaSuite 600Boston, MA 02108
Licensed for 30 years
Go back to Michael’s profile.Flushing lawmakers want full service restored to the No. 7 train for the neighborhood’s Lunar New Year celebrations set for this weekend.
The train, which runs through downtown Flushing, is scheduled to be shut down Saturday and Sunday between Long Island City and Manhattan as part of 11 weeks of maintenance by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority.
But elected officials said the lack of vital public transportation could prove disastrous for the small businesses that count on the yearly influx of people to maintain their bottom line.
“The Lunar New Year Festival is extremely important for small businesses in downtown Flushing,” state Assemblywoman Grace Meng (D-Flushing) said in a statement. “Though maintenance of the 7 train is critical to keep this lifeline dependable and reliable, the economic significance of this weekend is paramount.”
Meng, along with two other elected officials who represent the area, sent a letter to MTA Chairman Joseph Lhota, calling on him to restore service and allow potential shoppers to take public transportation to the largely Asian neighborhood for the weekend.
The MTA sent out an advisory Tuesday afternoon indicating that the train’s schedule would not be altered for the holiday.
The train will not run between the Queensboro Plaza and Times Square-42nd Street stations because of the construction, but would operate between Queensboro Plaza and Flushing Main Street stations.
The MTA advised anyone coming from Manhattan to take the N or Q trains to Queensboro Plaza and transfer to the 7 train.
But City Councilman Peter Koo (D-Flushing) said moving the construction to another weekend would give a huge boost to the community while not drastically affecting the overall schedule of the crews who will perform maintenance on the tunnels that run under the East River.
The 11 weekends of scheduled maintenance started Jan. 21, two days before Lunar New Year celebrations kicked off.
“I agree these repairs are necessary, but changing the start date from the weekend prior to Lunar New Year to even one weekend after would greatly help local businesses to sell their seasonal goods and conduct holiday services for their customers,” Koo said.
The Lunar New Year is the most important holiday in many Asian cultures, and this year is even more exciting for many in Flushing because it is the Year of the Dragon, the most popular of the 12 signs of the Chinese zodiac.
The annual Lunar New Year Parade alone is predicted to bring in 100,000 people, according to the organization that runs it.
Changing the maintenance schedule for the weekend would not be unprecedented, according to state Sen. Toby Stavisky (D-Whitestone).
In 2008, Stavisky and other lawmakers convinced the city to call off service upgrades for the weekend in order to have No. 7 train service during Lunar New Year celebrations.
“It is my hope that we will once again be able to protect the community during this important holiday,” she said.
Reach reporter Joe Anuta by e-mail at januta@cnglocal.com or by phone at 718-260-4566.
©2012 Community News GroupThe (Great) Indian Poetry Project is abuzz with the energy and enthusiasm of young blood. Our interns, Rhea, Shreya and Radhika, have been exploring Modern Indian Poetry with a fine eye and writing beautiful poems inspired by poets all over the world. Indian poets whose work they have resonated with are Tishani Doshi, Anjum Hasan, Nissim Ezekiel, Aimee Nezhukumatathil and Arundhathi Subramaniam, among others. Our interns are also helping build our poetry archive by writing profiles of Modern Indian poets and reviewing books that have touched them. Check out what they have been reading:
The (Great) Indian Poetry Project-An Update are also collaborating with another poet, on a project that would display poetry in public places, aptly called Poetry in Public India.
Stay tuned for all things poetry.
Originally posted on SHIKHA MALAVIYA:
What…
View original 74 more words
Literary Festival Fever
Yes).
Stay tuned to TGIPP regarding poetry related updates for these festivals.
Latest Showcase of English Poetry by Indians
Sudeep Sen, poet and editor of the Harper Collins Book of English Poetry by Indians, has been an ardent promoter of the work coming out of the Indian subcontinent. He’s been closely involved in the realization of other anthologies in the past, viz., World Literature Today Writing from Modern India (2010), The Literary Review Indian Poetry (2009) and Midnight’s Grandchildren: Post-Independence English Poetry from India (2004). His own poems have appeared in several Indian as well as international publications. His work has also been widely translated in several languages. A Pushcart Prize nominee for his work in Postmarked India: New & Selected Poems by HarperCollins, he is also on the editorial boards of various renowned journals and magazines.
Speaking to mainstream daily, The Times of India, Sudeep Sen shared:
‘The’.
The interview makes for a fine read and is a strong representation for the quality of English poetry coming out of India. Read more here.
***
Mark your calendars for Saturday, 29th September 2012. The global 100 Thousand Poets for Change initiative has a local chapter in Bangalore. Come over to Atta Galatta in Koramangala and enjoy poetry readings by the city’s most active poets. If you like poetry and have a heart for social causes, you are welcome to join us even if you may only be passing through Bangalore. Like our Facebook page for all the details of this event or note the updates here.
Poetry, a Conduit of Change
“Art presents the opportunity to influence change in the global social, environmental and political landscape. Poetry, very specifically, can gather people together for issues affecting the world. As a genre it forms an ideal creative outlet while allowing room for expression without the limits of overly rigid rules.”
An article in today’s issue of The Hindu, by Jessu John, on how 100 Thousand Poets for Change is creating ripples all over the world. In India, events are being held in Bangalore, New Delhi and Pune.
Authenticity Found Sideways,”
A long essay by Amit Chaudhuri, in the September issue of The Caravan, called The Sideways Movement, addresses and traces the issues of an indigenous tradition of Indian English writing, tailoring the Emperor’s clothes, so to speak, to suit one’s purpose. Chaudhuri shares how an essay written twenty years ago, by poet Arvind Krishna Mehrotra, The Emperor Has No Clothes, created a commotion by accusing most Indian English writers of the time, of adopting English and its traditions, without any innovations or customizations. In that infamous essay, Mehrotra made statements such as:
(Arvind Krishna Mehrotra, “The Emperor Has No Clothes.” Chandrabhaga, #7, 1982.)(Arvind Krishna Mehrotra, “The Emperor Has No Clothes.” Chandrabhaga, #7, 1982.)
Barring a few, most Indian English writers acquire the language they write in and seldom lick it off their mothers’ teats. …. This whole question of multilingualism should be looked at less jingoistically if it is to have any meaning, as I think it does.
Mehrotra was brave, in calling a spade a spade, urging writers at that time to take the medium of English and make it their own.
Chaudhuri goes on to examine the implications of Mehrotra’s essay, which was re-released as part of a collection, in 2011, called Partial Recall. Looking to other poets such as A.K. Ramanujan, Arun Kolatkar, Nissim Ezekiel, and R. Parthasarathy, Chaudhuri pieces together a trajectory of modern Indian poetry which is multi-layered in its influences and varied in their stance of what constitutes ‘Indian.’
Set aside time and a scholarly bent of mind to get through this essay;)
Originally posted on SHIKHA MALAVIYA:
Folks…
View original 241 more words
A Different kind of Indian Poetry Anthology
The!
Not as Diplomatic with their Words…
India’s diplomats seem to be wielding the pen for more poetic causes. Amarendra Khatua, India’s newly appointed ambassador to Argentina, adds another book of poems, Love Abracadabra, to the list of Indian diplomats who are writing and publishing books. Khatua, who has bee promoting poetry from his native state Odisha, for more than forty years, has a long list of publications: 14 in Odiya, two in Hindi, one in Telugu and three in English. Khatua shares the title of Indian diplomat/poet with ambassador to the U.S. Nirupama Rao and emerging poet Abhay Kumar, First Secretary, Embassy of India, Kathmandu, who have both published books of poems inspired by their travels outside of India.
Diplomats writing poetry is certainly not a new trend, with Pablo Neruda (1904-1973), the nobel prize winning poet from Chile, serving as a diplomat for much of his adult life. Neruda’s words reverberate around the world, even today, with its explosive metaphors and honest exploration of one’s relationship with the greater world.
Let’s hope India’s diplomat-poets can create the same effect.Board of Education's Vitale expects classes to resume on Monday
September 14, 2012
The Associated Press and City Room
Chicago Teachers Union President Karen Lewis says negotiators have a "framework" to end a five-day teachers strike, but members won't receive written details until Sunday. That's also the day they're expected to vote on whether to call off the strike.
Lewis spoke Friday afternoon, saying union delegates who would vote to suspend the strike won't be told what the framework is until Sunday, when they also can see the completed language. Lewis reiterated that there is no contract yet with Chicago Public Schools and she says the "strike is not suspended." But the union president says she is still hoping students will be in class on Monday.
The nearly 800-member House of Delegates could vote to suspend the strike, but not to approve the contract. Union members would vote on that later.
Teachers have been on strike since Monday leaving about 350,000 students idle.
Earlier, Chicago School Board president David Vitale told reporters, “I am pleased to tell you that we have frameworks around all the major issues that should allow us to conclude this process and to include it in time for our kids to be back in school Monday morning."
Vitale would not say where each side compromised, and he stressed that union delegates still must vote to end the strike.
He said the agreement gives children the time they need in the classroom and teachers the respect they deserve.
A City Hall administration source close to the negotiations has said they've reach a tentative three-year deal with an option for a fourth year.
Teachers will receive a "generous raise," the source said.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel's signature longer school day and school year will also remain intact, the source said.
The walkout is the first by Chicago teachers in 25 years. It has canceled five days of school for more than 350,000 students, most of whom had just returned from summer vacation. The deal also maintains CPS principals' leeway to hire the teachers they want, rather than forcing them to hire from a pool of teachers who had been laid off, the source said.
Key issues at the bargaining table have been a teacher evaluation system that uses student test scores and job-security measures for displaced teachers in the wake of school closures that are expected to continue.
The union is still planning a rally for Saturday at noon. Union delegates will have to vote to call off the strike for it to officially come to an end.
Cullerton: No pension reform action until Jan.We welcome you to the Huachuca City Elementary School website. We hope you"ll enjoy the information and resources we've provided for our parents, students, teachers, and community members.
Please take a few minutes to browse through our site and learn about our school’s goals, check out upcoming events, and enjoy our successes with us. Be sure to visit our helpful links pages (which will provide you with a wealth of good ideas for improving study habits, helping your children learn, and even great sites filled with parenting tips). We also include a listing of our school's staff, important dates on the school calendar, and an information filled Frequently Asked Questions page. So, enjoy your visit and welcome to Huachuca City Elementary School!
Huachuca City Elementary would like to welcome our new principal Mr. Michael Young! Here are some of the highlights of his career. We encourage you to read his biography in its entirety to get to know him better.
Mr. Michael Young is a southern Arizona native, born in Nogales, Sonora, Mexico and raised in Patagonia, Arizona. Michael attended elementary through high school at Patagonia School Districts. He holds an associate of liberal arts through Pima Community College, bachelor of science degree in elementary education and special education from Northern Arizona University, and a masters degree in educational leadership also from NAU.
Michael began his teaching career 1998 at Patagonia School District, and during the summer of 2000 he started teaching in the Nogales Unified School District. Michael served NUSD as a science teacher and science department chairperson at Desert Shadows Middle School until 2004. During his teaching career, he was selected as the Desert Shadows Teacher of the Year during the 2002-2003 school year and was awarded the N.U.S.D. #1 Jackie Scott Ambassador of Excellence Award/N.U.S.D. Teacher of the Year at the beginning of the 2003-2004 school year. Michael served as the dean of students for half a year while attaining credentials through the Arizona Department of Education as a principal.
The following school year he was selected the assistant principal of Desert Shadows Middle School. Michael then further challenged his career as the principal of A.J. Mitchell Elementary School from July 2007 to June 2012 when he felt he was called for another challenge to give his services to another local community and such selected Huachuca City School.
Michael joined the Tombstone Unified School District #1 in August 2012 as a sixth grade teacher and during the summer of 2013 he was selected as the interim principal for the 2013-2014 school year. He holds high expectation for all his students, teachers, and staff to ensure students are safe and successful in the 21st century. He has set some personal goals to achieve while serving at Huachuca City School which include but not limited to as described at the June 27, 2013 T.U.S.D. #1 Governing Board Meeting.
Michael has an open door policy for the families he serves and wishes to build upon the relationship of the community members he serves. Please stop in some time and meet Mr. Young whenever you get some time while visiting Huachuca City. He truly looks forward to a great school year!
Huachuca City School is proud to announce a new grant partnership with Science Foundation Arizona (SFAZ).
Read more >>>
Tombstone High School is offering individuals or businesses the opportunity to buy personalized bricks that will be inserted in the walkways outside of the high school.
Read more >>>
Dear Mom or Dad,
Help me to get to school every day. And help me to be on time. Answer notes, telephone calls, and messages from school. Ask me daily what new things I learned in school. Help me feel good about myself. Teach me how to be caring and understanding and teach me good manners. Help me to realize how important school is to my future by supporting the school.
Thanks for helping me succeed!
Your ChildForum Index > Washer Repair
Video: Whirlpool Duet Front Load Washer Water Pump Clean Out.
(1/1)
AJ:
I would like to thank member Whirlpooltech for making this video for ApplianceJunk.com O0
In this video we show you how to clean out the water pump in your whirlpool duet front load washer.
If the pump is still noisy or runs but still does not pump out after you have cleaned it out you may need to replace it with a new water pump.
Please feel free to post any questions or comments you may have.
**Disconnect the power to the washer before you start any repairs**
[yt=425,350]UUr0NWRPLhA[/yt]
Enlarge Photo
If your not sure that the above water pump is the correct one for your whirlpool duet washer just post your model number here and we will look it up for you.
You may also also enter your model number HERE to check it yourself.
Navigation
[0] Message IndexGo to full version"!"
Hidden Expressions'm working on a poem that's so true, I can't show it to anyone. I could never show it to anyone. Because it says exactly what I think, and what I think scares me. Sometimes it pleases me. Usually it brings misery. And this poem says exactly what I think. What I think of myself, what I think of my friends, what I think about my lover. Exactly. Parts of it might please them, some of it might scare them. Some of it might bring misery. And I don't want to hurt them, I don't want to hurt them. I don't want to hurt anybody. I want everyone to love me. Still, I keep working on it. Why? Why do I keep working on it? Nobody will ever see it. Nobody will ever see it. I keep working on it even though I can never show it to anybody. I keep working on it even though someone might get hurt..Despite the prospect of thousands of lost jobs, the U.S. Senate on Tuesday rejected an effort to extend the wind production tax credit for a year.
It was a short-sighted vote that, we worry, threatens an important industry in a moment of need.
It is estimated that wind producers are responsible for 20,000 direct and indirect jobs in the U.S. In January, Vestas Wind Systems' chief executive Ditlev Engle said failure to extend the credit could affect 1,600 jobs in the U.S. Such a development would be particularly tough in Colorado, where the company and its suppliers employ about 1,700 people.
The tax credit, which is set to expire at the end of 2012, keeps wind energy competitive with other types of power and helps companies draw financing.
A one-year tax credit extension was offered Tuesday in an amendment from Sen. Debbi Stabenow, D-Mich., that included provisions on several other issues. The vote was 49-49, with 60 needed for passage. Colorado's Democratic Sens. Mark Udall and Michael Bennet voted in favor of the measure.
"Thousands of Colorado jobs and our country's energy future are hanging in the balance, not to mention the businesses that have invested in finding cleaner ways to power our communities," Udall said.
But all is not lost. Udall and Bennet said they will continue pushing the issue.
"Standing on its own, this tax credit has bipartisan support, and Colorado companies are counting on us to get it across the finish line," Bennet said. "I will continue the fight and look for the next opportunity to extend the wind energy tax credit. We cannot afford to delay. Congress needs to act now before more Americans lose their jobs."
Bennet and Udall are among a group of senators from both parties who are championing the issue.
In Colorado, they've got plenty of company.
The Democrat-controlled state Senate and Republican-controlled state House on Wednesday overwhelmingly supported a resolution expressing their support for the industry.
And in February, the state's congressional delegation (with the exception of Rep. Doug Lamborn, R-Colorado Springs) urged leaders to extend the tax credit as part of a deal on the payroll tax extension. While that didn't happen, it shouldn't lessen lawmakers' resolve.
The message from Colorado and elsewhere should be that the sooner Congress acts, the better.
"With every day that goes by, layoffs are occurring and further job losses — and even plant closings — will accelerate with each month we near expiration in December," said Denise Bode, CEO of the American Wind Energy Association.
By extending the wind energy tax credit in the near term, Congress has a chance to show its commitment to both jobs and energy with one vote.
We hope they don't blow it.
If you would like a reply, include your email:
» Submit news photos
» Investigations tips: 1-866-748-TIPSSearch Engines Protect Privacy with Outbound HTTPS Links!Hi guys,
I would like to change the size of the Iframe window to 75%. Any pointers?
Greetings,
DS
Hi guys,
I would like to change the size of the Iframe window to 75%. Any pointers?
Greetings,
DS
I'm with you on this. I tried modifying the code but when I edit to lengthen the textbox to allow more characters, putting a percentage in size breaks FancyBox.
I'll keep looking. Hopefully the developer can take a gander at this as well.
Hey, I've done some work and got a working copy.. I've uploaded the plugin directory to my website:
odslabs.com/fancybox-for-wordpress.zip
All you have to do is go into your /wp-content/plugins/ and rename your "fancybox-for-wordpress" directory to "fancybox-for-wordpress1". This way you can upload the copy I've modified while having a backup of your original.
All I did was update Fancybox to the newest build and allowed iFrames to load with percentages. I hope this helps; thanks.
By the way -- if you are reading this after some time, I may have removed the file from my server. Contact me via and I'll e-mail it to you.
Thanks Beshoy, would love to know how you accomplished that.
Hey Jimsorock,
The problem is that the page has a form inside a form (Info tab). Some browsers know how to handle that; others don't.
Oh sorry, I didn't read the first post about what actually is wrong with this plugin. I just modified the code to allow percentages and updated the FancyBox installation to the most recent version which allows iFrame percentages.
This topic has been closed to new replies.Welcome to Audiko.net, where it’s possible to aquire the most popular ringtones for your Android smartphone. Today we have a ringtone of “Id Engager” by of Montreal as well as 290 other ringtones by of Montreal. “Id Engager” is a hit from the “Skeletal Lamping” album that was issued by of Montreal at their studios together with other 12 tracks. You can listen to all 4 of Montreal – “Id Engager” ringtone variations available here and download it for free in a click. You can also select other 16 albums produced by of Montreal for all time. “Id Engager”!
of Montreal Id EngagerquCastle
Sneak Peeks and Spoiler Roundup For Castle Season 5, Episode 3: “Secret’s Safe With Me”
The best way to describe next Monday's episode, "Secret's Safe With Me," is ABC's Castle meets A&E's Storage Wars. If you've never seen the show, here's the gist: Cameras follow four professional buyers and their teams as they scour repossessed storage units in search of hidden treasure.
Sounds fun, right? Well, not when there's a mysterious murder involved!
According to the official show synopsis via ABC, a young woman is found murdered and her death is somehow connected to a repossessed unit that's going up for auction. Here's what we know about the vic so far: Her name is Wendy Dupree, she's 25 years old, and she was shot with a 9 mm. But she didn't die immediately — she was alive just long enough to write the word "lie" in blood — which means our killer isn't a pro.
She also had a suspicious text message on her phone: "You think you can lie to me? Run all you want. I'm gonna find you and make you pay." Pay for what, exactly? The item that's inside the storage unit?
Castle and Beckett are on the hunt for the treasure buried inside, but they're hindered by their inability to obtain a warrant. If they can't get access to the unit, how are they going to connect the dots?
That's where Castle comes in. Erm, perhaps we should say, Castle's wallet. The best-selling mystery writer just happens to have 2Gs in his pocket (because that's normal), which he's willing to throw down in the name of justice. (And bragging rights, we'd imagine.) Unfortunately, it looks like there's someone willing to outbid him. Talk about a blow to the ego … and the case!
Castle somehow wins the bidding (not like we're surprised — he is Rick Castle, after all), and brings all the creepy items evidence to the precinct. Also not surprisingly, Captain Gates isn't thrilled with the little yard sale going in the conference room — until she lays her eyes on a rare collectors item. Who knew Gates played with dolls?!
Meanwhile, back at chez Castle, Rick and Martha are going through Alexis's buried treasures as they pack her up for college. But the ginger-haired coed isn't the one harboring any secrets — it's her wayward father, naturally.
But as they say, secrets are no fun, unless they're shared with … your mom? That's right, guys. Martha Rodgers knows all about Castle's torrid love affair with Katherine Beckett, and there's no talking his way out of this one. The only problem? Whether or not to tell Alexis.
Back at the precinct, Captain Gates is coming clean about a little secret of her own (aside from her penchant for dolls) — her love affair with Jameson Rook! Can you believe she's a closet Nikki Heat fangirl? Us either!
Now that he's in Captain Gates's good graces, Rick thinks he pretty much runs the place. Take a wild guess at what happens when he answers Beckett's phone. We'll give you a hint: It's not good.
But on the upside, Lanie's on the other end and she's got a partial print! Beckett will just have to deal with Castle later. And by deal with, we really mean have crazy makeup sex with.Habana Village
Cuban Food for Dine-In or Carry-Out at Habana Village (60% Off)
Classic Cuban meals include croquetas stuffed with chicken, garlic, and cream, or warm roasted pork sandwiches with pickles and Swiss cheese
Washington
Select Local Merchants
- Little HavanaRead MoreA true taste of the world, delicious Cuban fare can be found at Little Havana. Come prepared to feast at Little Havana — with no low-fat options, any diets will need to be put aside for the moment. The bar at Little Havana is fully stocked, so pair your meal with a glass of wine or beer. You won't need to get a sitter before heading to Little Havana — kids are more than welcome at this family-friendly establishment. Have a big celebration coming up? Consider the private room at Little Havana, perfect for large groups of revelers. Don't go off the grid! With the free wifi at Little Havana, you can surf the web and get some work done. Enjoy the cool summer breezes on Little Havana's seasonally available outdoor seating. Between the music and the crowds, be prepared for a lot of noise at this restaurant. Four-legged friends are welcome at the restaurant. Or, take your grub to-go. Little Havana can also cater your next party; call today for details. null A visit to Little Havana will set you back less than $30 per person, so you can make it a regular part of your schedule. Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are all on Little Havana's menu — you can stop by whenever the moment's right for you.1325 Key HwyBaltimore, MD
- Pusser's Caribbean GrilleRead MoreSlurp on flavorful soups and stews at Pusser's Caribbean Grille, a Caribbean-style eatery in Annapolis' Annapolis district. Treat yourself to a tasty, vegan meal at Pusser's Caribbean Grille. Take your pick of beer, wine, or other beverages offered on Pusser's Caribbean Grille's menu. Take the kids along too — Pusser's Caribbean Grille is a great spot for families with food that even little ones will love. Pusser's Caribbean Grille is ready to help you throw the dinner party of your dreams! Time to cheers to another week in the can at Pusser's Caribbean Grille. Don't stay inside on a beautiful day! Come sit on the patio at Pusser's Caribbean Grille and order great food. It can be a bit of a mob scene on the weekends, so don't take a chance on getting seated — best to call ahead and make a reservation. Show up in sneakers or a suit at Pusser's Caribbean Grille, where dining in comfort is of utmost importance. If you need to get somewhere fast, the restaurant also serves up grub to go. Drivers will love the convenience of a parking lot with valet service near Pusser's Caribbean Grille. Cyclists will also appreciate the plentiful space to lock up their bikes outside the restaurant. Taste the greatness Pusser's Caribbean Grille is serving up with meals around $30. Early risers and night owls alike can enjoy Pusser's Caribbean Grille since it offers breakfast, lunch, and dinner.80 Compromise StreetAnnapolis, MD USFormatting text issues
CD
Asked on Feb 17, 2013 - 22:08 UTC
I found out a while ago that the way to format text in Todoist had changed. While the new way to bold text works on both project names and tasks, (i.e. !!bold!!), I find that I am unable to italicize text using the new formatting (i.e. _italics_). Using underscores before and after the word simply leaves underscores before and after the word! Interestingly enough, the old method ( %(i)italics% ) still seems to work. Should I just use the old formatting instead, or is this something that will be fixed?
All responses
Replied on Feb 18, 2013 - 12:58 UTC
CD
Replied on Feb 24, 2013 - 21:47 UTC
Thanks David, I didn't realize it was double-underscores I was supposed to be typing. All good now.
Hello Cliff,
I can't reproduce this issue. please note that the formatting requires two underscores before and two underscores after the word(s) that should be italicized. For example:
This will work
This will not work
You can also use Ctrl+I on a selected text to add this syntax (or Ctrl+B - for bold).
Best regards,
DavidBy Darren Sabedra
Mercury News
Michael Vick will not be wearing a 49ers uniform this season.
General Manager Scot McCloughan made that clear Monday, telling Sirius NFL Radio that "we're not going to go that route." It was the team's most definitive response to date about the quarterback who is serving a 23-month sentence for bankrolling a dogfighting operation.
McCloughan said he and Coach Mike Singletary discussed the idea of bringing Vick aboard last week but decided against it.
As recently as late last month, Singletary was non-committal when asked about the Atlanta quarterback.
"That's something, going forward, you just never know," Singletary said at the time. "I don't want to say absolutely not, because I'm not there. But I'm certainly not going to say yes."
With Vick officially off the radar, the 49ers almost certainly will begin training camp next month with Shaun Hill and Alex Smith competing for the quarterback job.
Smith's surgically repaired right shoulder has given him no limitations during mini-camps and organized team activities.
"It's the best I've felt in a long time," Smith said. "It's comforting that it's just football now."
Smith didn't expect such a swift recovery.
"I was really skeptical," he said. "Is it going to happen? Am I going to be out there? I wanted the shot at the competition. But you hate to go compete and not be able to be who you are."
McCloughan noted that Smith, who had surgery in October, looked very good during mini-camp last weekend and that the shoulder was holding up well.
When Smith was asked to specify what he could do now that he couldn't do before the surgery, he said, "All the throws — all the different arm angles."
As for the competition with Hill, Smith is encouraged about that, too, adding that Singletary is up front about everything.
"He's going to tell you what he thinks," Smith said. "Last year was a little, 'Hey, what's going on?' This year it's nothing close to that. No excuses. It's Shaun and me out there competing. We've known that from Day One."
He then had the team run wind sprints.
"He's no nonsense," said defensive end Demetric Evans, who spent the past five seasons with Washington. "He wants to get it done, a sense of urgency. Those are the things he preaches day in and day out. That's the kind of team he's going to coach."
Evans said Joe Gibbs and Bill Parcells — coaches he previously played under — were the same way.
"I guess they're all from that same old-school mindset and know what it takes to win," Evans said.
"I bring versatility," Evans said.
Evans' biggest adjustment has been the time difference, because his wife is finishing her medical residency on the East Coast.
"When I get out of practice, it's almost evening time over there," he said.
Contact Darren Sabedra at dsabedra@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5815.Tale Telling Tools
A look at the Progress Tracker tool used in Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay
For!Legal Advice required from Australian Lawyer
This project received 5 bids from talented freelancers with an average bid price of $198 AUD.Get free quotes for a project like this
Skills Required
Project Budget$30 - $250 AUD
Total Bids5
Project Description
Hi,
I would like to discuss with an approved Australian Lawyer abut employment law and contracts for employees. We have many questions to ask and would appreciate a provider with quick communication and knowledge of all aspects of employment law.
Thank you,For
at least a year John Adams continued to believe that the United States would not be respected by other
nations and that the best people would not be attracted to public service unless more
prestigious titles were given to government officials. These beliefs sometimes made
him the object of derision, as this riddle shows.Tensions within the world's most powerful media family were dramatically laid bare on Thursday when Elisabeth Murdoch set out her own vision of media leadership, emphasising humanity over profit and criticising her father's News Corporation for operating with an absence of values.
Giving the keynote MacTaggart address at the MediaGuardian Edinburgh International Television Festival, Rupert Murdoch's second daughter also explicitly contradicted her brother James, chose to praise the BBC, and argued that the Olympics experience demonstrates that television is a force for storytelling rather than a route to political power.
Speaking in public for the first time about the phone-hacking affair, which prompted her to fall out with her brother a year ago, Elisabeth Murdoch said that News Corp had to ask "significant and difficult questions about how some behaviours fell so far short of its values" in the wake of what happened.
She said the lesson from the affair was that any organisation needed to "discuss, affirm and institutionalise a rigorous set of values based on an explicit statement of purpose" – in contrast to News Corp's traditional mode of governance based on executives second-guessing what Rupert would do.
The cri de coeur from the 44-year-old, who runs Shine Television, the News Corp-owned maker of programmes such as Masterchef and Merlin, will be interpreted as a bid for power at her father's company – although her friends insisted she had no desire to lead the company her father built, which spans from Fox News in the US to the Sun in Britain.
Elisabeth Murdoch took aim at her younger brother James in an extended passage that referred to his own controversial MacTaggart lecture given three years ago.
That speech ended with James – weeks before the Sun switched to the Conservatives – observing that "the only reliable, durable and perpetual guarantor of independence is profit".
Elisabeth said that while loss-making media organisations had their independence "massively challenged", her brother's statement nevertheless "left something out".
Making little effort to soften the rift with her younger brother, she added: "Profit without purpose is a recipe for disaster."".
Her speech contained few references to her father's newspapers, but in a paragraph that referred to the Leveson inquiry, she said that "an unsettling dearth of integrity across so many of our institutions" meant that it was "very difficult to argue for the right outcome, which must be the fierce protection of a free press and light touch media regulation".
The 14-page, often-humourous speech was largely written by Murdoch herself – with much of the drafting work taking place during the wet jubilee bank holiday weekend – and with no input from other family members. Instead her husband, Matthew Freud, and a small team of advisers largely from within Shine helped check facts and polish the speech – the first time a woman has given the television industry's signature address since Janet Street-Porter in 1996.
It was hailed with warm applause and whistles from the audience, by contrast with the BBC-bashing speech of her brother James, three years ago at the same event, which was greeted coolly.
Elisabeth is the second oldest of Rupert Murdoch's six children, and the eldest by his second marriage to Anna. While brothers Lachlan and James have at various times worked directly for News Corp in the past decade, Elisabeth only rejoined her father's company last year after it bought Shine in a £290m deal just before the phone-hacking affair broke.
She had set up Shine in 2001 and banked about £150m from her father's company once the takeover was completed. But she turned down a seat on the News Corp board in the wake of the Milly Dowler hacking scandal.
There was conspicuous praise for the BBC, which frequently airs Shine programmes, in marked contrast to her father and brother. "Let me put it on the record that I am a current supporter of the BBC's universal licence fee," she said. She also praised outgoing director general Mark Thompson for working collaboratively across the television industry. Three years ago, James Murdoch accused the BBC of expansionist plans that had "a chilling effect" on the rest of the British media, but his sister's only critical observation about the national broadcaster was that the incoming director general had "to demonstrate how efficiently that funding is being spent on actual content on behalf of the licence fee payers".
There was little overt politicising in Elisabeth Murdoch's speech – another contrast with her brother's effort, which was widely seen as setting the template for Conservative media policy before the most recent general election.
But she repeatedly gestured towards liberal values with references to progressive political figures, including "one of my heroes" Vaclav Havel and Nelson Mandela whom she watched walk from prison "through my tears".
There was even praise for another former MacTaggart lecturer, the late Dennis Potter, who famously named the cancer that killed him "Rupert". She said she was "firmly with" the television playwright who said "the job of television is to make hearts pound" – a vision of the medium whose core purpose is "to form human connections" as opposed to a vehicle for the exercise of raw political power.
But she did defend her decision to sell Shine to her father's company – even if, as she acknowledged, it appeared to be a "no shit, Sherlock" decision – because News Corp was first and foremost a content company which had backed The Simpsons, Glee and the blockbuster films Titantic and Avatar directed by James Cameron.
While there was no shortage of criticism for her brother, there was praise for one Murdoch, her father.
"My dad had the vision, the will and the sense of purpose to challenge the old world order on behalf of the people," she said, before adding: "But back even then, I understood we were in pursuit of a greater good, a belief?)- Capitol Quickies - -
Kimmel’s Christie jokes light up Twitter
Posted By John Schoonejongen On April 30, 2012 @ 1:04 pm In Uncategorized | Comments Disabled
If Dinner, comedian Jimmy Kimmel jabbed at the political ruling class with pointed and often hilarious results. The dinner itself generated nearly 61,000 tweets, according to The Washington Post [2]’s political blog, The Fix [3]. But when Kimmel took aim at Christie, Twitter went nuts..
Article printed from Capitol Quickies:
URL to article:
URLs in this post:
[1] Image:
[2] The Washington Post:
[3] The Fix:Start your search today!
This artistic competition is open to students in grades 9-12 who attend a high school that is a member of the Arts Schools Network. Students must submit examples of his/her work in one or more of the following categories: acting, musical theater, filmmaking, creative writing, dance, visual arts,:
- Arts Schools Network
Award Amount:
Awards will be a minimum of $500. All awards are non-renewable.
- Recipients:
- Seven awards offered annually, one per category (acting, musical theater, filmmaking, creative writing, dance, visual arts, voice).
Deadline Info:
Application information is available online on the Arts Schools Network (ASN) website. Students must apply online via Acceptd (app.getacceptd.com/asn). Detailed information on the application process ... Sign up for full scholarship deadline information.Thanks to their sheltered lives and the adverse effects of inbreeding, a lot of history’s kings, queens, and other royals became known for their eccentricities. There was Countess Elizabeth Bathory, who delighted in torturing her servants and was even rumored to bathe in the blood of virgins; there was Gian Gastone of Italy, who was so lazy that he spent the latter part of his reign bedridden; and there was Anna of Russia, who so enjoyed humiliating others that she was known to ridicule her underlings by making them marry one another while dressed as clowns. But these rulers were normal compared to some of their counterparts, and in many cases the cruelty, vanity, and insanity of those in power would go on to have dire consequences for the countries they led. Here are ten of history’s strangest monarchs:
10. Zhengde of China
Reign: 1505-1521
The Ming Dynasty’s strangest emperor, Zhu Houzhao, aka the Zhengde Emperor, took to the throne of China at the age of 14. Not long after becoming Emperor, Zhengde became drunk with power. He neglected his duties as ruler, and instead chose to spend his time drinking and visiting brothels, which he filled with women of his choosing. He built lavish palaces to store exotic animals like tigers and leopards, and he would often have them turned loose so that he could hunt them down for his own amusement. Even weirder, Zhengde would have his servants go to great lengths to dress up the inside of his palace like a city block. He would then command all the court employees to pretend to be vendors and passersby, so that he could stroll down the “street” and pretend to be an everyday person. This kind of childish behavior made Zhengde notorious within the court, and some historians have credited him with starting a trend of dissipation and indolence among emperors that would ultimately lead to the fall of the Ming Dynasty.
Strangest Behavior
Zhengde died rather comically in 1521, supposedly as a result of infections he contracted from falling into a canal while drunk. But his strangest exploit took place a few years before his death in 1518, when the Emperor suddenly decided that he would like to be in the military and declared himself a General. He personally led an expedition to the Jiangxi province in order to catch a Prince who had revolted against his authority, only to find that the man had already been rounded up. Angry at having his chance to play soldier ruined, Zhengde ordered the man released, just so he could experience the thrill of hunting him down and capturing him himself.
9. Friedrich Wilhelm I of Prussia
Reign: 1713-1740
Although he enjoyed a peaceful tenure as king, Prussia’s Friedrich Wilhelm I is most remembered today for his enduring affection for the military. He would frequently drill his army units himself, and enjoyed having them march before him, even when he was sick and confined to bed. An ascetic man who was known to enjoy sleeping in the soldier’s barracks, he made it his personal goal to see Prussia’s army become the most glorious in all of Europe. This obsession even extended into his own family. He wished to make his son Friedrich II into a good soldier, and had the boy awoken each morning with the firing of a cannon. He even gave Friedrich II a small arsenal and a complement of child soldiers to command, and had the boy beaten whenever he failed to perform well in his training. Not surprisingly, Friedrich II eventually tried to run away, but was captured and briefly imprisoned by his father.
Strangest Behavior
The King’s strangest behavior was undoubtedly his obsession with creating the Potsdam Giants, a special army regiment comprised of only the tallest and strongest soldiers. The Giants were a pet project of Friedrich Wilhelm’s, and he went about recruiting them by any means necessary. Mercenaries were hired (one Irish soldier of fortune stood some 7 feet tall), and neighboring kingdoms were known to send the Prussians their tallest fighters as a means of encouraging friendly diplomatic relations. In his efforts to gather as many suitable recruits as possible (the cut off was 6’2—very tall for the era), Friedrich Wilhelm I even resorted to ordering that all tall young boys be conscripted into the unit, and tall men and women were encouraged to have kids together.
8. Ludwig II of Bavaria
Reign: 1864-1886
One of Bavaria’s most beloved and eccentric monarchs was Ludwig II, who became famous for his strange personality and his obsession with building enchanting and whimsical castles. Ludwig had a troubled family life, and as a child he would lose himself in arts, music, and elaborate fantasy worlds. This behavior carried over into his reign as king, which began when he was only 18. He disliked public appearances, preferring instead to stay inside his castle alone, where he would frequently have operas and plays performed for only him. This is not to say that Ludwig was a shut-in. He was known to travel about Bavaria, and would even stop and chat with any subjects he met along the way. The King’s unassuming nature earned him the adoration of the people, but it drew the ire of his high-ranking court employees, who planned to have him removed from power. The conspirators provided a list of Ludwig’s eccentricities—among them talking to imaginary people, poor manners, shyness, and even a penchant for moonlight picnics with naked male dancers—and used them as proof that the King was insane. While the veracity of these claims is debatable, in 1886 Ludwig was declared unfit to rule and removed from power. In a mysterious twist, the king was found floating dead in a lake the very next day, prompting many to argue that he was murdered by his rivals.
Strangest Behavior
Today, Ludwig II is best remembered for the many fairy tale castles that he built around Bavaria. He was obsessive about their construction, and frequently travelled abroad to consult architects and builders. One of the most elaborate is Schloss Neuschwanstein, a stunning fortress inspired by the works of Richard Wagner that Ludwig had built on the edge of a cliff. Ludwig invested considerable time and money in his castles, and at one point he nearly bankrupted the Kingdom with his architectural habits. Ironically, today the castles are some of the most famous—and lucrative—tourist attractions in all of Bavaria.
7. Charles VI of France
Reign: 1380-1422
Also known as “Charles the Mad,” Charles VI was the ruler of France during the Hundred Years’ War. Charles exhibited signs of psychosis and paranoia early in life, and modern historians have postulated that he may have been schizophrenic. His mental illness first manifested itself in 1392, when he had a “fit” while travelling through the forest on horseback. According to accounts from those present, the King became disoriented and frantic, and attacked several of his own men, even killing one knight before his servants were able to subdue him. From then on, Charles’s behavior only worsened. He would frequently forget who he was, and have to be reminded that he was king. During another episode, he refused to bathe or change his clothes for several months. Charles VI was also known to run wildly through the halls of his palace for no reason, and for his own safety the doors eventually had to be boarded up.
Strangest Behavior
Charles’s strangest bout of madness was noted by Pope Pius II, who wrote that the King once became convinced that he was made out of glass and could break into pieces. Fearful of shattering, Charles took to wearing padded clothing and commanded that he not be touched. The middle ages saw several different cases of this disorder, which has since become known as the “Glass Delusion.”
6. Qin Shi Huang of China
Reign: 246 BC-221 BC (King of Qin), 221 BC-210 BC (Emperor of China)
While he was a capable (albeit brutal) administrator, in his personal life China’s first emperor Qin Shi Huang had some serious issues. Chief among them was a crippling fear of death that led him to spend the majority of his life searching for the key to immortality. Qin Shi Huang was forever wary of the possibility of his enemies making an attempt on his life, to the point that he never slept in the same place twice, and regularly carried a massive crossbow at his side when travelling. Revealing the Emperor’s whereabouts was deemed a capital crime, and after a while underground passageways were constructed that allowed him to travel unseen between his different palaces. Later in life, Qin Shi Huang began construction on a massive tomb that, in the event of his death, would protect him from his enemies. The monument contained over 8,000 life-sized terra cotta “soldiers,” along with a miniature city for the king to rule over in the afterlife. Of course, for Qin Shi Huang all of this was only precaution, and in the meantime the Emperor consulted soothsayers, apothecaries, and other spiritualists in the hope of finding some kind of elixir that would extend his life or make him immortal.
Strangest Behavior
Qin Shi Huang’s paranoia wasn’t completely unwarranted—during his reign there were three attempts on his life—but his suspicions were often directed in completely nonsensical directions. For example, one of the Emperor’s most enduring fears was the threat of being killed by a sea monster. He claimed to have dreamed that the creatures were on the prowl for him, so he never left his palace without a posse of guards. This paranoia eventually led to his death in the most ironic way possible: after going on the hunt for one of these sea beasts and “slaying” a beached whale, Qin Shi Huang developed an illness and died only a few days later.
5. Emperor Norton I
Reign: 1859-1880 (unofficially)
In the 19th century, the United States was unofficially “ruled” by Emperor Norton I, a San Francisco native who declared himself “Emperor of the United States” and “Protector of Mexico.” Emperor Norton’s real name was Joshua Abraham Norton. A British national, he came to the U.S. in 1849 as a wealthy man, but a string of poor investments soon left him nearly broke. His financial troubles supposedly lead to him developing a number of eccentricities and delusions of grandeur, and in 1859 he officially declared himself the ruler of America. Local newspapers originally published Norton’s claim as a joke, but he became beloved by San Francisco’s locals, who gave him a regal uniform and addressed him in public as “your highness.” Norton spent much of his early reign issuing edicts to dissolve the “corrupt” U.S. congress and officially declare himself Emperor. But when his efforts were ignored, he turned to local matters. He was known to stroll through the city streets inspecting roads and buildings, and he even issued his own money, which was widely accepted by local merchants. Norton was a poor man, but he was allowed to eat in San Francisco’s finest restaurants and was given seats to any new play that opened. In exchange, he would place an imperial seal of approval by the establishment’s front door. Norton I died in 1880 after collapsing in the street. Grand obituaries were written in all the local papers, and his funeral was supposedly attended by as many as 30,000 people.
Strangest Behavior
Despite his obvious mental problems, Norton I often demonstrated remarkable foresight. He proposed that a “League of Nations” be formed years before the U.S. government considered it, and he decreed that a bridge be built linking Oakland and San Francisco, which also eventually became a reality. But this doesn’t mean that all of his edicts were completely rational. In 1872, he declared that anyone who referred to his fair city by “the abominable word ‘Frisco’” would be fined the sum of $25.
4. Ibrahim I of the Ottoman Empire
Reign: 1640-1648
Also known as “Ibrahim the Mad,” Ibrahim I was the most mentally unstable of a series of insane and cruel Turkish sultans that ruled the Ottoman Empire during the 16th and 17th century. Ibrahim is believed to have suffered from a host of mental illnesses, all of which were no doubt encouraged by “the Cage,” a windowless building where he was kept for most of his youth. When his brother died in 1640, 23-year old Ibrahim was released and declared sultan. Ecstatic and more than a bit unhinged, he immediately made up for lost time by building up a harem of virgins to satisfy his voracious sexual appetite. Ibrahim supposedly enjoyed having his concubine gather in a palace courtyard so that he could gallop around them while “neighing like a stallion.” He also had a fetish for fat women, and at one point sent his servants on a quest to find the heftiest lady in all the land. They returned with a 350-pound woman nicknamed “sugar cube,” who became a favorite member of his harem. Ibrahim’s excesses didn’t end with sex. The Sultan was also greedy, and his agents frequently looted houses to provide him with perfumes, clothes, and anything else he desired. He was also notoriously violent. In addition to ordering executions and torture at will, Ibrahim once threw his baby son in a pool of water, and later stabbed the boy in the face out of anger. This kind of debauchery and wanton cruelty won Ibrahim his fair share of enemies, and in 1648 a coup was staged. After being captured, the Sultan was briefly put back into “the Cage” before being strangled to death by a gang of assassins.
Strangest Behavior
Ibrahim was known for his impulsive, terrifically violent behavior. For example, when the Sultan received information that a member of his harem had been “compromised,” he proceeded to have a number of the women tortured. When he couldn’t get any of them to give a name, Ibrahim had 280 members of the harem thrown into a lake and drowned.|
3. Juana I of Spain
Reign: 1504-1555
Also known as “Juana the Mad,” Juana de Castile became the first Queen of the Hapsburg dynasty when she married Philip of Burgundy in 1496. The couple started out madly in love—unusual for an arranged royal marriage—but things soon became complicated. Juana was as jealous as Philip was promiscuous, and his infidelities soon drove her into a state of extreme paranoia. Because her husband would chase after any attractive lady of the court, Juana took to only including old and ugly women in her retinue, and in one case she even have attacked a woman she believed to be her husband’s mistress. Desperate to for Philip to be true to her, Juana started consulting sorcerers and using love potions, and when her husband ignored her she even briefly went on a hunger strike. Whether or not Juana was actually “crazy,” is debatable, but this kind of erratic behavior—along with the desire of the men around her to usurp her power—eventually led to her being locked away in a castle for the latter part of her life.
Strangest Behavior
Queen Juana’s eccentricities ramped up considerably in 1506, when Philip died after a brief illness. Utterly distraught, Juana constantly wore black and wept uncontrollably, and she even had the coffin opened on several different occasions so that she could kiss the feet of her husband’s corpse. Worried that her husband would cheat even in death, Juana forbid any women from coming near his coffin, even nuns.
2. George III of England
Reign: 1760-1820
Perhaps the most famous case of royal madness involved England’s George III, who suffered from recurring bouts of mental illness throughout the latter part of his life. Modern historians have theorized that the King probably suffered from porphyria, a blood disease, but George’s doctors were forever at a loss to diagnose his condition. The King would rant, rave and insult and curse at his servants to the point that his caretakers were often forced to gag him and confine him with a straight jacket. A team of doctors was enlisted to help King George, but their primitive treatments, which included everything from purging and blistering to bloodletting, only seemed to make his condition worse. Soon, the King began to become delusional. He developed the belief that London was flooding, gave orders to imaginary or long-dead court officials, and once even tried to sexually assault one of his servants. In a bizarre episode on Christmas Day, the King named his pillow “Prince Octavius” and celebrated that it “was to be new born this day.” The King did have moments of clarity, and for a time his illness abated. But with age the delusions returned, and after losing a good deal of his sight and hearing, George III was kept in seclusion until his death.
Strangest Behavior
One of King George’s more bizarre delusions occurred during his first outbreak of illness, when he met and developed an obsession with a woman named Elizabeth Spencer. In the heat of his infatuation, George began to believe that he and Elizabeth were married, and he even claimed that his own wife, Queen Charlotte, was an impostor intent on killing him.
1. Caligula
Reign: AD 37-AD 41
Caligula only served as Rome’s emperor for four years, but in that short span he managed to establish himself as one of the cruelest and weirdest rulers in history. He was only 25 when he rose to power, and while for the first two years of his reign he was well liked and seemed a capable leader, those in the know rarely doubted that the emperor was stark raving mad. These psychotic tendencies would eventually come out in some of Caligula’s laws. For one, he made it illegal for anyone to look him in the face, an offence that was punishable by being thrown into a lions’ den. He also delighted in torture and executions, and took great pains to think up new ways to dispatch his enemies (one of his personal favorites was said to involve covering the condemned in honey and setting loose an army of wasps). Of course, today Caligula is best known for his deviant sexual behavior. This involved everything from bisexuality and bestiality to even incest (he was rumored to have slept with all three of his sisters). He was fond of great excesses, and along with declaring himself a demigod and frequently holding gluttonous feasts and parties, Caligula turned the Imperial palace into a veritable whorehouse, complete with days-long orgies. Not surprisingly, Caligula’s insanity and cruelty eventually drew the ire of his political rivals, who successfully murdered the emperor and his family in AD 41.
Strangest Behavior
Some of Caligula’s weirdest exploits involved his favorite horse, Incitatus. The emperor dressed the animal in lavish blankets, and had it housed in a marble stable and tended to by a small army of handlers. Caligula even let the horse eat from the table during dinner parties, and guests were frequently invited to the palace at Incitatus’s behest. Still, the most ridiculous extravagance came when Caligula announced his intention to make Incitatus an official citizen of Rome, and later a Consul and even a priest.
7 Responses
Just a minor technical detail: George III was King of Great Britain (and later of the United Kingdom). He was never king of only England.
Actually, the tall men regiments of Friedrich I. had a military us: They had longer arms, so they could load guns that were a bit longer and thus had more accuracy.
” But this doesn’t mean that all of his edicts were completely rational. In 1872, he declared that anyone who referred to his fair city by “the abominable word ‘Frisco’” would be fined the sum of $25″
Actually I think that it is a great idea (ignoring the whole freedom of speech thing. Locals hate hearing Frisco. I remember reading in a book once that back in the day police caught a man (forget what he did wrong) because he said he was from the city but he called it Frisco
Juana wasn’t mad. She was in love. With women, it’s sometimes hard to tell the difference. As for the others, you’ll notice that they often retained power and continued to control the lives of others long after those around themknew they were honking bonkers. Do you suppose things have changed much since then? ‘Cause I doubt it.
I am surprised Charles II Habsburg of spain and the last Julio-Claudian Nero aren’t on the list. Nero is the only Roman Emperor listed by name in the Bible as returning before the apocalypse. Dude was either loonytoons.
Charles II of spain should be first on this list.
The picture for Charles VI of France is wrong. Actually it’s the picture of Charles VI of Austria, Emperor of the Holy Roman Empire (around 1730).
>!!!! I’m kinda excited for this collection!!!!
I really like the beauty powder colors, can anyone tell me what’s the difference between that & just regular bronzer please?
Thanks
Okay, I think I’m in love with the white packaging, and I’m totally going to have to get something.
I’m sorta kinda excited about this collection. Probably will get some MES, lipsticks and glosses.
So excited for this collection!!! I would love to try the beauty powder in snow globe, dazzleglass in She Zam, and three of the eyeshadows! Cant wait until this comes out!!! Thanks for always keeping us posted!!
ooooh! super excited!
meh, kinda underwhelmed. the packaging is nice though!
I love anything MAC makes, their make up is absolutely flawless! It always stays on and covers well! I’ll have to add some of their stuff from their new holiday line to my Christmas list!
Are you going to swatch these?
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Yes, MAC…YES! Give it to me!
Helloooooo paint pots!
I am sorry to see how tacky the whole packaging seems.They all look so hideously ugly…Like fakes!!!-lol-.But i will wait for some reviews my girl.
oh dear. i need them all.
I dig the white packaging. It looks like they’re going for a winterized space age theme with this collection, which I like. It looks pretty cool. I think they’re being very creative this year.
Totally loving the silver lipstick!
I think the packaging is simple and perfect
it lets the colors stand out well
I’ll get Spanking Rich Dazzlegass and Such Flare lipstick depending how cool it runs. I think those two would be wonderful for holiday parties.
GLAZE LIPSTICKS?! I just died!!!
Those eye shadows are UGGGGGLY!!!
Yes! I needed another Spanking Rich
must. have. paint pots.
christine, thank you so much, i just bought some products from mac fall colour collection, i didn’t know this collection was coming so soon, and this helps me to get ready for this next collection, and how much i need to save for it. it looks really gorgeous, i can not wait for the swatches.
Super excited about this! Probably going to hit the wallet hard, but it’ll be worth it.
Hi Christine, do you think we will be able to use our pro discount for this collection?
I have no idea.
I just called a MAC store today. Yes, we can use the PRO discount on everything except the brush sets, mini pigment sets, etc… EXCITED about this.
Christine,
will you have swatches/dupes/comparisons before the release date?
Usually not on special packaging.
Eh. This collection looks ok. I might look into the Paint Pots or lipsticks though
The only things I might be interested in here are the lipsticks and paint pots. I need to stop buying mineralize shadows because they always look so much prettier in the pan, and even those I like I don’t use very often.
The first Dazzleglass in the picture is not She Zam, She Zam is the second one from the left, the silvered one.
i want snow globe!! cute white packaging, get sick of black sometimes
Oh MAC. How can I not quit you??!!! So many collections. I want so much. I just can’t afford everything I want. It sucks! In the meantime, I am wishful on getting:
Lipsticks:
Whirls & Twirls Pink with pearl (Glaze) (Limited Edition)
Double Spin Lilac-pink (Cremesheen) (Limited Edition)
Eloquent Air Silver (Glaze) (Limited Edition)
What Joy! Deep berry (Satin) (Limited Edition)
Paint Pots:
For Effect Black with pearl (Limited Edition)
Let’s Skate Pale pink with pearl (Limited Edition)
And if I can afford something else, maybe one of the Beauty Powders. The one called Snow Globe.
It’s called glitter and ice because it was designed by Johny Weir, an olympic figure skater.
Sweet!!! Really love the packaging, can’t wait for the swatches!!!
All the colors seem really boring to me. Creme-finish purple? Wow, who could’ve thought of that? I do love the packaging, though. (Lord knows I need a Moonbathe revival!)
Being a fair skinned girl I am loving this. I love all the silver and gold intertwined with the colors. I am really curious about the matte lipstick “Such Flare.” And the Snow Globe beauty powder sounds interesting. Not really feeling the eyeshadows, except for maybe the Fresh Ice. Still, I can’t WAIT to see swatches of all of these!!! Will be curious to see how they play off of fair skin. As much as I love the snow bunny look I don’t want to look like the White Witch from the Lion the Witch and the Wardrobe.
the collection for mac’s holiday collection is quite nice but im realllyyyyy curious about mac’s halloween collection. does anyone know if mac is coming out with a halloween collection just out of curiosity aha if mac does,i hope they repromote innocence beware lipstick
Looks interesting, I kinda wish the liners had been pearlglides, I want more of those! But the packaging is simple and pretty
I <3 the packaging, the theme and the number of limited editions =] About bloody time!
loves it!!
only interested in morning frost
very exited for this collection thank god im helping my sister move around the time this collection comes out as she lives right next to mac so ill get my hands on some of this stuff like the pantpots witch im very exited about, also i love the name as im a figure skater
Oh my, I have some saving up to do.. Love so many colors already.
Yay! Whirls & Twirls and Double Spin will definitely be coming home with me. I’m curious to see the eyeliner, gloss and nail polish swatches.
This collection looks like it was made for me.
I got to see some of this collection in person today and OMG, Shimmermist is to DIE for!
are she-zam and love alert switched in the picture? because they dont fit the discription
I want “Let’s Skate” PP and Snowglobe Beauty Powder! More money down the MAC drain.. O_o
Zzzzzzz
lets skate paintpot i’m deffo buying it
Is this the official/main holiday collection for 2011????
No, they have another one coming out in late oct or november right after this! The gareth pugh collection, its suppose to have special LE packaging too..
i love the white packaging!!
A couple of the liners look interesting but thankfully nothing else catches my eye or I think I’d end up broke, haha!
love the packaging
Not crazy about the packaging… white can be tacky. The mineralize shadows, the paint pots, and liners all look promising, although, not particularly unique from MAC, besides the paint pots. I wish they would have released a new plum or berry blush!! something matte, but universally flattering! I wish they had more plum/violet blushes! The beauty powders might be a nice highlight though, I’ll have to see about the pigmentation on those. Only the plum lipstick really appeals to me out of all the lip colours. This isn’t a MUST have collection for me, I wish they would have been a bit more creative with the LE packaging, I hated the packaging on the Surf Baby collection, Wonder Woman was a little tacky, but it worked with the cartoony theme!
I think this white collection of MAC will be the best ever!!! I wait to come in Greece!!!! Do you know WHen, please ??
i’m soooo excited for this collection 😀
Can’t wait to see swatches of these.
The products look incredible, and the packaging is divine! What a great contrast to the usual MAC black.
white packaging? how not mac
♥______♥ ….can’t wait!!!!!
Yeah! I can actually save $ this season because I won’t be buying any of this! My financial advisor will not scold me.
I really like the packaging so soft and clean.
i want 2 of the lipsticks and both of the beauty powders, can’t wait for this collection to come out, can’t wait to see swatches
I want it all!! Can’t wait for this collection!
Christine, I was just invited to the private MAC event for this collection. Can you please explain to me how I got invited and what I will do when I go? Thank you!
I would call your MAC store to find out exactly what they’re doing. I couldn’t tell you why or what!
All it is, is you get to buy the stuff before anyone else can, but can’t pick it up until the day the launch comes out.
I got invited to one too. I am pretty sure its a private party that they only invite a certain number of people to. They are going to have food and drink, and at my event, Johnny Weir the skater will be there, and we will have the opportunity to buy products a day early or something.
Can’t wait to see this collection in person! The mineralize eyeshadows & the eye pencils
look beautiful! MAC did it again!
Thank you so much for posting this. Christina what is your must have from this collection? I leaning towards the paint pots and beauty powders. The white packageing is amazing! Thank you again for posting! Xoxo
Christine, My MAC just called me. This launches on the 27th of October not the 22nd, and they’re pre selling already and having an event.
So excited!! Actual colors I would wear!!
The shadows are so beautiful, they kinda remind me of the semi precious shadows. I cant wait for this to launch, i like the products, i also cant wait for your review and swatches on products before i go crazy purchasing, lol
Dang. I was hoping for some to-die-for couture packaging. Even their pigments look boring to me. Sigh. Well, my shopping list for Sephora VIB F&F is huge, so I’ll just stock up on what I need and get a few fun things.
As always, thanks for the 411, Christine. <3
My MAC counter in Canada is preselling it! I already saw and tried most of the stuff!
Wow really? What are you thoughts on the paint pots and beauty powders?
Whoa!! Want lots!!
I actually already preordered this and these prices are wrong. they raised the prices for the holidays. and its going to be released the 27th
Please read the post, it very clearly says:
THIS INFORMATION IS PRELIMINARY. OFFICIAL INFORMATION, PRICING, AVAILABILITY, ETC. WILL BE ADDED WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE. The information provided is from Beauty Insider, which is a Russian website.
I do love the Dazzleglasses! Just not the price point! Still excited nonetheless (:
wow i haven’t been excited for a mac collection in a long time!! this looks so good! i love the white packaging.
soo excited(::
Aww no mini pigment sets? Hopefully there will be some!
preorder is happening at my mac in portland, or. i picked up (preordered) morning frost paintpot (my first paintpot) and pleasure principle dazzleglass. pictures don’t do them justice! PP is an iridescent bluey/pink shimmer with lots of glitter.
I got the chance to go to the launch party last night. Some of the bag kits are nice. I do love the packaging but I get taken every time by all things shiny sparkly and above all glittery. Also the blue martini drinks may have made things dazzle more.
Whirls and Twirls looks like it could be a pretty close dupe for ‘The Faerie Glen’ from last christmas. I really hope it is, I love that lipstick!
Love this collection! Got to preview it in store today and already pre ordered one of the beige paint pots, lovely for those who LOVE shimmery, glittery makeup. Favourite collection since Hello Kitty!
Please please swatch these!!
Love, Love, Love the collection!!! Great colours!Movies & Television Not a montage of slightly condescending geek speeches, Ted is something far worse. It wasn't screened for critics by press deadlines. It should not be screened by anyone.TedWW Critic's Score: D-Contempt fuels the comedy of Seth MacFarlane. He's disdainful toward his own meal ticket, the Simpsons rip-off Family Guy. He sneers at other performers: His new talking-bear movie Ted has the gall to shit-talk ... MoreColumbia Business School
- Faculty & Research
You are here
Signature Sessions
The IBS curriculum includes a series of sessions held during Orientation and throughout the semester. These sessions address topics of current debate such as corporate governance and accountability, tradeoffs between equity and efficiency, and individual values and intraorganizational conflicts in the workplace.
Signature sessions include executive speaker fireside chats, debates, socratic dialogues, case discussions, and student workshops. Upcoming and past events are listed on the Events Calendar.
Select Events from Past Years:
Individual, Business and Society Fireside Chat with James Forese, Co-President of Citigroup and CEO of the Institutional Clients Group
Following the Individual, Business and Society (IBS) cases in Orientation, James Forese, Co-President of Citigroup and CEO of the Institutional Clients Group, discussed the importance of leadership, values and corporate governance in finance with Professor Bruce Kogut. The two also explored what MBAs need to do to succeed in financial services. This event was supported by the Citi Foundation.
Financial Innovation: A Risky Business?
This interactive discussion explored the issues that arise when a dynamic economy depends on a vigorous financial industry. The recent financial crisis showed that misplaced incentives, poorly understood financial products and regulatory errors can have disastrous consequences. How can the benefits of and access to financial innovation be preserved without suffering the excesses? WNET/Channel 13 aired “Financial Innovation: A Risky Business?”, featuring a Nobel Prize winner, investment banking leaders, and key government regulators in the financial sector including: Wilson Ervin, Credit Suisse; Former Representative Barney Frank, House Financial Services Committee; Gary Gensler, Commodity Futures Trading Commission; Blythe Masters, JPMorgan; Alicia Glen, Goldman Sachs, Andrew Ross Sorkin, author of Too Big To Fail; Robert Solow, Nobel Laureate, and Peter Stringham, Young & Rubicam Brands. This event was organized with Fred Friendly Seminars, formerly based at Columbia Journalism School.
Leadership Perspectives on Corporate Governance
Lee Cooperman, Chairman and CEO of Omega Advisors and Chris Browne, Managing Director of Tweedy, Browne Company, joined Dean Glenn Hubbard and students to discuss leadership and corporate governance and the role of active investors. They spoke about recent high profile cases where boards have failed to fulfill their fiduciary responsibilities and how this might be reformed in the future.
Corporate Social Responsibility and the Bottom Line
Ingrid Dyott of Neuberger Berman (pictured), Kevin Thurm of Citigroup and David Schilling of the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility, discussed how companies are interacting with stakeholders, society, and the environment. Ray Horton, Frank R. Lautenberg Professor of Ethics and Corporate Governance and Director of the Social Enterprise Program moderated.
CEO Perspective on Leadership and Corporate Integrity
Chuck Prince, CEO of Citigroup, joined Dean Glenn Hubbard and students to discuss ethics, integrity, leadership and corporate governance of a global organization. He spoke candidly about the recent challenges Citigroup faced when regulators ordered the closure of its private banking operations in Japan and investigated issues related to a London debt trade.
Corporate Governance: Hollinger International Inc. Case
Professor Frank Edwards led a student discussion on the types of transactions, ownership structure, role of the board of directors, and key governance mechanisms in this case, and how similar issues have played a role in recent corporate scandals in the news.
Film Screening of "Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room"
Professor Eric Abrahamson led the post-film discussion of this documentary on the people behind the Enron scandal. Students examined the contributing factors that led to the downfall of the company and explored options that could be considered by leaders and managers when these issues arise in the future.
Fighting AIDS in Africa: Lessons from Botswana
It is estimated that nearly 30 million people in SubSaharan Africa suffer from HIV/AIDS, making the region responsible for nearly two-thirds of the world’s reported cases. In 2000, in an effort to combat the epidemic, Merck and the Gates Foundation teamed up with the government of Botswana, which is among the hardest-hit countries. Jeffrey Sturchio, vice president of Merck & Co., joins Professor Lee Branstetter to discuss what the company has learned from this and other public/private initiatives.
How High the Firewall? Separating Investment Banking from Research
Sallie Krawcheck ’92, CFO and head of strategy for Citigroup, and Trevor Harris, managing director at Morgan Stanley and codirector of the Center for Excellence in Accounting and Security Analysis at the School, joined Dean Glenn Hubbard in exploring regulation’s role in resolving conflicts of interest on Wall Street.
Corporate Social Responsibility and the Financial Sector
Chris Beale, managing director of Citigroup Global Markets, and Scott MacLeod, managing director of the Global Environment Fund, discussed tradeoffs between the firm, society, and the environment. Professor Geoffrey Heal, who is noted for his work aligning economics and the environment, moderated.
Symbol Technologies: Securities Fraud Investigation and Corporate Governance
CFO Mark Greenquist ’86 and General Counsel Peter Lieb discussed navigating Symbol Technologies through the aftermath of an SEC investigation into allegations of securities fraud, including manipulation of inventory levels, channel stuffing, use of “cookie jar” reserves, and fabrication of restructuring charges. The investigation, which centered on activities between 1998 and 2003, led to the criminal indictment of 12 former executives and a $37 million dollar civil penalty.
Scenes from the Slippery Slope
Decision Theater, a group of professional actors who dramatize personal decisions in corporate life, presented scenes from business life that pose dilemmas and challenge values. Then, the action stopped and the audience chose the course of action. Professors Beim and Abrahamson led discussions.
Corporate Investigations and White-Collar Crime
Leslie Caldwell, now a partner at the law firm Morgan Lewis, discusses her work as director of the Enron Task Force at the U.S. Department of Justice in 2002. In that role, she led federal prosecutors, FBI, and IRS agents in investigating one of the most complex cases of corporate fraud in history.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act: Too Little, Too Far, or Just Enough?
Led by Dean Hubbard and featuring Commissioners Paul Atkins and Harvey Goldschmid of the Securities and Exchange Commission, the panel debated the costs and benefits of the landmark legislation on corporate accountability.
The Firm and Society:
Corporate Social Responsibility and the Bottom Line
Geoffrey Heal, the Paul Garrett Professor of Public Policy and Business Responsibility, moderated as a panel of industry leaders addressed the question, Is socially responsible business too costly, or is it profitable in the long run? Read more coverage
The Individual and the Firm
Professor Michael Feiner of the Management Division lead incoming students through a case discussion dealing with a clash of personal values in the workplace. The case challenged students to discover effective ways of dealing with moral dilemmas in the workplace.
Emerging Markets and Corruption
Professors Ray Fisman and Steven Feldman ’81 discussed the tension that can arise when attempting to adhere to an American idea of ethical business practices while doing business overseas.
The Changing Role of Today’s Boards
A distinguished panel considered the intersection between the theory of law and the practice of serving on corporate boards, including when societal, corporate, and personal values may be in conflict..Beth Leaman ’73
Beth Kahn Leaman ’73 – Ms. Leaman is a retired Vice President for Business Processes for ADP National Account Services.
The company, which is based in Alpharetta, GA, provides outsourced human resources and benefits planning and management services to corporations and institutions.
Ms. Leaman earned her BA degree from Washington College in 1973, majoring in Drama. She later earned a BS from Towson University and an MAS degree from Johns Hopkins University. While at Washington College she was a member of Alpha Chi Omega sorority and President of the Pan-Hellenic Council. She has served on the Visiting Committee and as a Class Agent.
Campus Involvement
Class Year
1973CLERMONT — A swanky new multistory assisted-living facility and adjacent memory-care center is coming to Lake County's largest city early next year, bringing housing options to area seniors and dozens of jobs to local residents.
Crane's View Lodge, under construction on 8.67 acres at 1601 Hooks St., will boast 80 studio, one- and two-bedroom luxury apartments in a five-story assisted-living facility and 48 smaller units in a one-story Alzheimer and dementia center.22 Reviews
- Most Helpful
- Newest
- Highest Rating.!
I use this recipe all the time-it is my all time favourite. Because i live at higher elevations, it tended to fall (as others have found), so I did some tweaking and added another 1/4 cup of flour. I found the amaranth flour overwhelmed the flavour, so I substituted either millet flour or Quinoa (1/2 cup rather than the 1/4 cup). I found this to take care of the falling bread. I also cook it 5 to 10 minutes longer (testing with a wooden skewer for wet clinging batter). Hope this helps.
I was delighted to find this recipe and some others have noted it did deflate a bit while cooling. All in all the texture is good, the bread slices well. It holds up to freezing and defrosting. I'll try making it again as another reviewer stated add additional flour to see if this makes a difference.
The bread was much better than any in the stores but we hate the tatse of ameranth. I substitue teff for darker almost whole wheat type taste and garbanzo/fava flour for a white verision that are much less yeasty flavoured. We also make it in a bread machine on gluten-free setting with a light crust and it works great.
The first time I made this I forgot the flax seed meal and the bread slumped so far it practically turned back into dough. I decided to give it another chance because of the rave reviews and did everything exactly but was disappointed by how much it fell. However, it didn't fall as much as the first time, the slices still looked like real bread and it tasted really great. Next time I plan to leave out the two egg whites and see what happens. Since flax meal is sometimes used as egg replacer in vegan recipes, maybe that is the secret. Thanks for posting. It has a good color and flavor but the texture was a little doughy and I couldn't get it to dry out at all. I don't know if it had to do with the substitutions I made though. I am new to gluten, corn, egg free baking! Thank you for sharing this recipe.
I had posted mine here (under Gluten-Free Flax Bread), but I am glad that you enjoyed it. It truly is a miracle! Great name :) (I'm Laurie from the celiac forums, just to clarify!)
Very good! Baked longer than stated. of Agave I used 3 T. Instead of 2 T of oil I used 3 T of melted butter. I also used my bread machine and it only made about half the normal size loaf, so I suppose it fell too. It rose like any other bread would in the bread machine. I do agree that if this is made the traditional way a smaller pan should be used and I believe that would take care of the "falling issue". When I make this bread next time, I plan on experimenting with another type of flour instead of the garbanzo flour and trying molasses instead of agave. I am also going to use a smaller pan and make it in the oven instead. I feel the bread was moist but some what chewy. This is probably from the bread machine over working the dough. When I make the new loaf I will repost my results.
Crown Reef Resort is a 514 room exclusively oceanfront resort nestled in the south end of Myrtle Beach. The hotel features over 20 water features including three large oceanfront pools, Myrtle Beach’s longest oceanfront lazy river at 575 feet in length, and numerous oceanfront hot tubs. Crown Reef also features a seasonal indoor pool and indoor hot tub. The rooms are recently renovated and are exclusively oceanfront. The Town Center is a social hub with a brand new arcade, ice cream bar, coffee shop, and home of the on-site restaurant known as Loco Gecko.
Crown Reef’s rooms are recently renovated and include all the amenities of home including comfortable beds, flat screen TVs, and a full efficiency kitchen with new cabinets and granite countertops.
Loco Gecko is Crown Reef’s primary on-site restaurant, which will feature an oceanfront bar as well as plenty of delicious menu options. Guests at Crown Reef will have the option of dining on the inside with a cool ocean breeze at their backs or dining outside with beautiful ocean views of the Atlantic.
Crown Café is located on the lobby level of the resort and is the current breakfast restaurant for resort guests. Breakfast is served buffet style and includes eggs, bacon, sausage, waffles, toast, biscuits, and more!.
New at Crown Reef Resort is the four-story tall oceanfront Waterpark that features two 38-foot tall waterslides, a kiddie slide, silly sub, tree house water play area and more! The waterpark is free for all resort guests.
Crown Reef also features three oceanfront pools that are heated seasonal, an oceanfront lazy river that is the longest of its kind in Myrtle Beach, two seasonal indoor pools that serve as open air pools in the summer, and numerous hot tubs including a large oceanfront hot tub.:Beacon Falls First Selectman Christopher Bielik sits in office in Town Hall on Feb. 6. –LUKE MARSHALL
BEACON FALLS — After nearly three months in office, First Selectman Christopher Bielik is finding his groove.
Bielik, a 53-year-old Democrat, earned his first term in the town’s top political seat at the polls in November. He took office in December, just as winter was starting to ratchet up.
Old man winter has had his share of storms up his sleeve so far. Dealing with winter’s wrath was among the challenges that met Bielik as he stepped into his new role.
“The bad weather days are certainly the most challenging. It’s been a rough winter. Our [Public Works Department] guys have been stretched to the breaking point,” Bielik said.
Bielik has been trying to make the best of a bad situation. He said he tries to ride with each of the snowplow drivers during a storm one time to help him better understand the town that has served as his home for over nine years.
“When you go on the campaign and you walk the streets in the summer and fall, it’s a totally different perspective when they are covered with snow and you’re looking for places to pile it up,” Bielik said
By riding along during storms, Bielik said it gives him the perspective necessary to answer questions from residents on how a certain street is plowed.
“We’ve got a lot of quirky little roads in this town, and it’s not as easy as you might think to say, ‘I’ll just plow that.’ It’s never that simple,” Bielik said.
Even when there is not a snowstorm to keep him on his toes, Bielik said there are still no typical days in the office. However, he does try to follow a specific schedule whenever he is able.
Bielik, a retired U.S. Navy officer, said he tries to be at Town Hall when the doors open at 9 a.m.
“The first thing I’ll do is take a walk around Town Hall and see how everything is going with the various departments,” Bielik said.
Next up is making sure the lines of community with residents are open.
“My goal is if I get a phone call from somebody I try to return that phone call within two days. If I get an email from somebody that requires some research to give an informed reply I try not to exceed a week in turning it around,” Bielik said.
Bielik said he takes time before responding because he wants to ensure that he is able to give the correct answer, rather than just an answer, to every question.
“Somebody told me that once you get into that office everybody wants you to make them happy and you will not be able to make 100 percent of the people happy. I am finding out that that is true. But, whether they are happy or not with the answers, at least we are getting them what I believe are the right answers,” Bielik said.
Each day also brings its share of meetings.
“Sometimes it’s citizens that want to talk about an issue. Sometimes it’s somebody that needs something done like a pistol permit. Sometimes we have internal personnel issues that require meeting with the union. Sometimes it’s meeting with outside contractors,” Bielik said.
A number of major projects loom on the horizon for the town, such as the needed upgrades for the wastewater treatment plant, leading to more regular meetings with contractors.
“I think the biggest surprise and the biggest challenge has been trying to work through the issue with the review process for the Region 16 elementary school refurbishment at Laurel Ledge,” Bielik said.
The renovations at Laurel Ledge are part of a three-pronged school building project. The crux of the work at Laurel Ledge will be constructing corridors to connect each of the buildings at the campus-style school.
The project has been in a holding pattern for months due to a stalemate between school officials and a consultant hired to conduct a local review of the plans. Officials are hopeful a contract addendum will resolve the issue.
“I’m up to my elbows in trying to mediate this process and trying to come to a final resolution that will hopefully work for all the sides involved. I think we’re close, but there are still details to iron out,” Bielik said last week. “But you just roll up your sleeves and take care of the things that end up in your lap.”
In addition to the daily workings of the Town Hall, there are payroll checks that have to be ready to go out every other week and open positions that need to be filled.
Since Bielik has taken office a new assistant librarian, part-time librarian, road foreman and a member of the public works crew have all been hired. He’s currently working to fill the finance manager position, which was held by Manny Gomez until he submitted his resignation in January.
The town also has a new webmaster who has been updating the website, Bielik said. Ed Groth, who previously held the volunteer position, resigned in December and the town had been searching for a replacement since then.
“There’s been a lot of churn in the key positions we’ve had here. While I hate to lose the experience there is a lot of opportunity for new people with new ideas. That’s something I am hoping to capitalize on,” Bielik said.
Moving forward, Bielik is also hoping to take advantage of social media.
He recently started a Twitter account, @CJBielik, and is looking to create a Facebook page.
Bielik hopes by using social media he can inform residents in a proactive manner.
“Even things like the website we have, which is accessible to people, isn’t proactive. It sits there and people have to go find it. Whereas Twitter and Facebook are more proactive, if you post something and you have people following you, they see it as soon as it goes up. I think that we need to explore all of those means of getting information out,” Bielik said.
Bielik is looking to spur economic growth in Beacon Falls. The town is already looking into some future possibilities, Bielik said, though he declined to elaborate. He also wants to ensure he runs the town with fiscal responsibility, spending the town’s money as efficiently and effectively as possible.
Although he has immersed himself in the first selectman seat, Bielik said he is still learning new things every day. He thanked residents for working with him the last few months as he settled into the new position.
“I appreciate them being patient with me and I will always be patient with them. There’s no question they can have burning in their minds that they shouldn’t feel they can’t pick up the phone and call me about or, if I’m available, to drop in. The office door is open,” Bielik said.
Recent CommentsCase-mate Hug Wireless Charger Review (video)
Surprisingly the wireless charging market has not been over saturated. Palm made big news two years ago when they announced the Palm PRE, a phone that included its very own inductive charging system. This past year, at CES, Case-mate introduced their HUG case and charger for the iPhone. It accomplishes the same feat at Powermat‘s solution, but is built specifically for the iPhone, though other cases are due.
I could sit here and talk about build quality and aesthetics, but there is one elephant in the room: does the Hug effectively charge the iPhone? Not really. In my testing, against the Powermat, the Case-mate Hug took more than 3o minutes longer to charge my iPhone from a completely dead battery to a full charge.
In both testing instances I drained my iPhone 3Gs’ battery to the point where the iPhone would no longer power up. I then attached the case and placed it on the included charging stand. I immediately snapped my first pic, which as you can see is time coded for proof. Additionally, once the phone powered on you can see the time of day, which doubles as credibility to the amount of time the iPhone took to charge on both platforms.
Case-mate Hug
[GR]0RzhISiml30[/GR]
- Start time: 1:19PM
- End Time: 4:09
- Total time: 2:50
Powermat
[GR]h-nvuLVCfuw[/GR]
- Star time: 9:19pm
- End Time: 11:39pm
- Total Time: 2:20
I’m not sure why the Case-mate took longer, but since it costs less and it isn’t their core business I can only assume that the components used are cheaper. But, keep in mind that since Case-mate is part of the wireless power consortium, the Hug and the mat should be compatible with other products and manufactures that have joined this group. Ostensibly, airports, coffee shops and more could adopt the same technology and then just by placing your phone onto a Hug compatible table/charger you could charge your device on the go without having to pull out a cord.
Pocket wise the Hug is a little bulky for my liking. For that reason I didn’t keep the case on my iPhone unless I was charging it. The bottom piece fixes to the phone by itself, though the top piece, a small piece of plastic completes the aesthetic and snaps into the bottom piece to form a complete case. The top piece felt a bit flimsy and I got the feeling it could snap during one wrong insert (and it’s probably easy to lose).
Until Apple and other manufacturers build this functionality into the phone itself (like Palm) the convenience is very minimal (Powermat recently introduced a set of batteries that are compatible with their system). And even then you still have to place the phone or device onto a physical mat, something that many will find is not all that convenient. The Case-mate Hug all but completely failed me, and at an almost 4 hour charge time it might as well have.
Note: The Case-mate test is shown with just 3G connectivity while the Powermat test with WiFi. While a 3G only signal draws more power it shouldn’t cause such a vast difference in charge times, so I’d say the point is moot.
Pros:
- Part of Wireless Power Consortium
- Lower price than competition
- Protective case
Cons:
- Took almost 3 hours for a complete charge
- Top piece of case is flimsy
- Case is so bulky defeats iPhone slimness
Update: There is something wrong with the time lapse sequence – it’s cutting off the last frame so you can’t see the final and complete charge."A post-election petition calling on the federal government to let Arizona secede from the union was pulled from the White House website Monday, after it failed to get the 25,000 signatures needed to guarantee an administration response.Read More »
Author Archives: Cale Ottens, Cronkite News ServiceFeed Subscription
Solar-energy jobs booming in U.S.; Arizona seeing benefits
Solar energy jobs in the U.S. grew by 13 percent over the past year, a rate almost six times faster than the national average employment growth rate.Read More »
We want out: Arizona secession petition quickly draws backers
Arizona has been in the union more than a century, but some residents appear to want out after the last election »
EPA cuts Nogales some slack on air quality because of cross-border pollution
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency this week agreed with Arizona that the city of Nogales would be in compliance with clean-air standards – if it wasn’t for pollution drifting over from Mexico »
Company promotes new solar power vision for Arizona
Until now, visions of Arizona homes powered by renewable energy have centered mostly on rooftop solar panels or huge solar power plants in the desert.Read More »- 2 bd2.5 ba
rental1250 sqftSpeechless is what you'll be at sight of this exclusive luxury villa. Vaulted ceilings add to the... More
- 3 bd2 ba
rentalGlamour Cosmetics Couldn't have done a better job on this 3 bed 2 bath home with a one car... More
- 1 ba
house1100 sqftThis Retail/Office Building has 4 separate offices and two half bathrooms. Great Commercial... More
- 2 bd1 ba
houseThis 2 bed 1 bath home is just a stones throw away from Orchard Park and everything else the town... More
- 1 bd1 ba
rentalA Simply Satisfying Starter You'll be pleased with the terms and price of this 1 bed 1 bath... More
- 4 bd2 ba
houseUnderstatement of the Year! Large apartment makes an indisputable statement on spacious living... More
- 2 bd1 ba
house832 sqftTexas Sized Savings Act now and strike it rich with this two bedroom, one bathroom rental home.... More
- 2 bd2 ba
rental1020 sqftThis two bedroom, two bathroom, total electric luxury villa is located minutes from all St. Clair... More
You know what you want.
Unfortunately nothing matches this search criteria. Try removing a filter or two
Or check out these popular homes
Summary for Saint Clair
There are currently 134 resale and new homes in Saint Clair on Trulia, including 1 open house, as well as 4 homes in the pre-foreclosure, auction, or bank-owned stages of the foreclosure process. The average listing price for homes for sale in Saint Clair MO was $145,196 for the week ending May 13, which represents a decrease of...Ever had one of those moments when you realize, your hard drive is full and there really isn’t anything you want to remove and you wish there was just an easy way to keep everything and just increase the size of your hard drive without having to rebuild and reinstall everything? I had this problem with my laptop
So I went out and purchased a new Western Digital 320GB drive (Memory Express is an excellent place to buy components in Calgary) so I’d have some elbow room again on my laptop. Then I had Home Server do a backup for me
Since I had opened email and such since the nightly backup and I didn’t want to lose anything and then waited for that to finish. I then removed the old small drive and install my new 320GB drive, put the ‘Home PC Restore CD’ in the drive and booted up the system. When the restore software starts up it asks for the password to the Home Server (make sure you have a network connection) and confirms what machine this is, and starts the restore process. Now since the hard drive was new, it need to be setup and formatted and this step likely took the longest of the whole process (moving about 90GB across a 100MB/sec network isn’t exactly speedy either), but when the restore was done, I had to reboot the system to load the new hard drive driver, but once that was done I had my system back with room to spare
Thank you Home Server for making that easy and quick, like I said, I love my Home Server.We stayed here for two nights during a family vacation to Washington, D.C. because of the price and the close proximity to the Metro station. The front desk clerk was a little low-energy, but nice and checked us in quickly and earlier than their posted check-in time. We got a non-smoking double queen room, which included a mini fridge, a microwave and a flat screen TV. The lobby was pretty old and the room could use an upgrade, but the beds were clean and comfortable with fresh sheets. The bathroom sink and vanity were tiny, but we made do without any trouble. There are vending machines and a coin laundry downstairs for the guests. We slept well both nights without hearing any noise, despite the fact that this hotel is located on the corner of a busy road and the highway. The online rate was just over $100 per night and included a free breakfast, but we skipped it both days because we were anxious to get into the city. The Metro station is about a ten minute walk away from the hotel on a nice bike path. I would say the area is totally safe. We walked to and from the metro with our small children (8 and 5) and had no problems. We were out past 11pm both nights and the only thing we ran into on the walk home were some cute little wild cottontail bunnies. This is a good budget hotel for business travelers or families who don't want to pay exorbitant downtown hotel rates. Highly recommended!
- Reservation Options:
- TripAdvisor is proud to partner with Expedia, Travelocity, Booking.com, Orbitz, Choice Hotels, Hotels.com, BookIt.com, Priceline, Odigeo and Despegar.comPay for Performance: A Decision Guide for Purchasers Phase 4. Evaluation P4P programs are a work in progress and, because there is little evidence as to the effects of specific approaches, will need to be monitored and improved on an ongoing basis. Although evaluation will naturally follow implementation, the two questions in this section need to be asked during the design phase to assure that the implementation of the program will support meaningful evaluation. They are:Question 19. How can we tell if the P4P program is working?Question 20. What unintended consequences should we look for?Question 19. How can we tell if the program is working?Learning about the impacts of a P4P program can be particularly challenging because a multitude of additional forces simultaneously affect the quality of patient care and costs. Ideally, purchasers would implement P4P in one market or sub-market and track the same performance measures on a set of comparison providers. Some large purchasers and CMS may be in a position to implement P4P is this way, but most purchasers will not design their programs as controlled trials. Therefore, some care is needed to disentangle the effects of the program from other trends.At a minimum, purchasers should collect baseline data on the targeted quality measures (this will be a critical part of implementation too, of course, because providers without a clear understanding of their performance can hardly be expected to respond optimally to P4P). Then, as performance data are collected for payment purposes, the main effect of the program can be evaluated in terms of the change in performance, preferably compared either to some comparable but unaffected population or the trend in performance prior to implementation.Purchasers will have to decide how rigorous an evaluation needs to be to ascertain whether a program is working and how to improve it. To adhere strictly to scientific standards of evidence may be too costly and produce evidence too late to be useful for decisionmaking. On the other hand, erroneous conclusions that may be drawn from anecdotal or incomplete information may have substantial costs as well.Return to Phase 4 ContentsQuestion 20. What unintended consequences should we look for?In addition to the hoped-for effects of the program, purchasers will need to monitor, and try to minimize, unintended negative consequences. Three important negative effects to look for are patient selection, diversion of attention away from other important aspects of care, and widening gaps in performance among providers.Patient selection. Providers may avoid sicker patients in the belief that risk adjustment is not adequate and that caring for such patients will reduce their measured performance. Surveys done after New York instituted public reporting for coronary bypass found that two-thirds of cardiac surgeons admitted to avoiding the most severely ill patients.53 To minimize the potential for the P4P program to result in selection of the "easiest" patients or exclusion of high-risk or non-adherent patients, purchasers can focus on structural or process measures of quality. Risk adjustment of performance measures, particularly those that relate to patient outcomes such as complication or readmission rates, should help to minimize selection incentives as long as providers believe the risk adjustment is adequate. In addition, including explicit reporting of casemix data—which would show providers who are avoiding or accepting the more difficult cases—or providing differential rewards for meeting performance goals with more difficult patients could increase providers’ willingness to take on these cases. Another possibility would be to collect and report information about patients who change from one provider to another. A provider who was avoiding sicker patients would be identified by the high casemix scores of patients leaving his practice.Diverting attention from other aspects of care. Targeting specific performance measures may focus provider attention on the conditions or care processes for which there is measurement and payment, to the detriment of performance in other areas.15 At a minimum, this problem suggests the need for careful measure selection and attention to interrelationships among targeted and untargeted domains of performance. Rewarding providers for performance on some broader measures of outcome, such as patient experience or decubitus ulcer (bed sore) rates and pain scores in hospitals, would mitigate this problem as well.Widening performance gaps. This may be particularly likely to occur if the purchaser chooses to reward only providers that meet a high standard of performance or those that are the highest ranked among peers. If P4P results in a substantial redistribution of resources then some providers may actually worsen with respect to quality of care. This will be a particular concern if those providers serve large numbers of beneficiaries/enrollees or are part of the safety net, and/or if there are not enough suitable choices for the population that receives care from these poor-performing providers. If these adverse consequences are anticipated or noted, purchasers can consider the solutions described in Question 16.These examples give important clues about what evidence to seek in evaluating programs for unintended consequences. Clinician feedback should be sought about unexpected problems with the measures used, including difficulties with both access to care and pressure to offer inappropriate care. Since such data would come from clinician surveys (and unhappy clinicians would be expected to be motivated to respond), getting this feedback should not be too burdensome. Similarly, purchasers should consider tracking a set of performance indicators that are outside of the P4P program to better understand both negative and positive spillover effects from the program onto untargeted clinical domains. Finally, evaluation of the program should not just look at average performance but at the effects of P4P on different parts of the delivery system including providers with high and low baseline performance.Return to Phase 4 ContentsReturn to Contents A Final Note—Sustaining Quality ImprovementEven the best-designed P4P program will require maintenance. For example, if the program uses fixed targets, the targets will need to be advanced as providers improve. We note, however, that if providers see that targets are fully adjusted to reflect gains in prior year performance, incentives to improve quality in the current period may be dampened. For most measures, there are also natural "ceiling" effects that will lead to diminished opportunities to improve quality over time. As adherence rates to evidence-based guidelines approach 100 percent, the incremental cost of improving quality is likely to increase as only the cases that failed to respond to initial quality improvement efforts remain.As clinical evidence about best practices changes, structural (e.g., information technology requirements) and process measures will also need to be updated. Purchasers will have to balance the need to keep P4P programs effective by retiring measures that are no longer useful against the concern that P4P programs provide some stability so that providers can undertake larger investments with the expectation that the reward structure will not be dramatically altered in the short run (and hence a reasonable return on investment can be expected). To this end, explicitly including providers in the decisions about measure selection and retention may be desirable. One approach that has been adopted by some programs, including the California IHA, is to commit to medium-term plans (2 or 3 years) with regard to measure sets and introduce measures in a "testing set" prior to their full inclusion.To the extent possible, purchasers should use their P4P programs to promote continuous innovation rather than institutionalize a single approach to delivering high-quality care. This concern might be addressed by rewarding, at least in part, outcome measures. Vigorous attempts to keep structure and process measure targets up-to-date with the latest technology will also reduce system rigidity, but political and bureaucratic barriers to change will be inherently limiting.Return to ContentsProceed to Next Section Page last reviewed April 2006 Internet Citation: Pay for Performance: A Decision Guide for Purchasers: Phase 4. Evaluation. April 2006. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality, Rockville, MD.Dear KZ 20 years from now,
I’m anxious. Tell me…
Are you happy?
Was life everything you hoped it would be?
Did you ever get married?
Did you ever move past your fears?
Do you have kids?
I need to know… are you a good mother?
Do you know your own children?
Are you healthy?
Have you continued to eat right?
Are you still in love?
Do you still see him the way I see him now?
Does he still make you laugh?
Do you still dress up?
Have you aged gracefully like I have always hoped?
Do you still keep in touch with your family?
Are summers still as beautiful as they are now?
You know what…. Don’t bother answering.
I’ve decided to live my life in such a way that all the answers to my questions would be nothing but a resounding YES.
We’ll make it. See you in 20… ^^
Forever no to Botox,
The younger you
more posts @ the Daily Post
a letter to my 14 year old self here
I was considering trying out the daily prompt too…hmmm…should I? Do you have fun with it? Seems fun from this blog
yeah it’s kinda fun ^^ i’m thinking i’d only participate if i like the topics but so far all the themes are pretty interesting ^^ give it a try
Pingback: Daily Prompt: Embrace the Ick – Green Juice Recipe « The Eclectic Eccentric ShopaholicNov. 10, 2013
Final Stats | Quotes | Notes | USATSI Gallery | UCF vs. Houston
UCF Athletics Social Media Directory
By Jenna Marina UCFKnights.com
ORLANDO, Fla. (UCFKnights.com)- A stand that won't soon be forgotten. A defining moment that kept the championship dreams alive. A night that saw the No 19/21 UCF football team climb atop the American Athletic Conference standings.
Backed by a resolute defensive effort, UCF (7-1, 4-0 The American) held on for a 19-14 victory over Houston (7-2, 4-1) under the lights of Bright House Networks Stadium on Saturday in front of 44,665.
UCF saw its fourth-quarter, 12-point lead shrink to 19-14 with less than four minutes remaining when Houston receiver Wayne Beadle caught a 12-yard touchdown reception from quarterback John O'Korn. The drama intensified as the Knights' offense went three-and-out, giving the Cougars the ball on their own 38-yard line with plenty of time to make things interesting.
Houston found its way to 1st-and-goal with under a minute to play. The defense dug in.
O'Korn managed to pick up three yards but would get no closer, and on fourth down, UCF junior defensive back Brandon Alexanderbroke up the final attempt in the end zone to force a turnover on downs, icing the game for his team with 14 seconds left.
"I've been around football a long time and it doesn't get any closer than that," UCF head coach George O'Learysaid. "We made the play on defense. The coverage was good. I thought the kids hung in there and did what they had to do at the end to win the game."
The Cougars entered the contest averaging 41.1 points per game, good for 11th in the country, and 483.1 yards of total offense. UCF limited Houston to 367 yards for the game.
Despite two red zone turnovers in the first quarter, the Knights were able to make it to halftime with a 6-0 advantage.
Junior wide receiver Josh Reese set up UCF with good field position midway through the second quarter by making an impressive sideline catch. As Blake Bortlesscrambled, Reese clapped for the ball and dragged his toes inbounds to keep the 20-yard-completion legitimate.
The series ended in Shawn Moffitt's11th-straight field goal make, a 45-yarder to put UCF on the board, 3-0, with 8:38 to go in the first half.
Moffitt came through for the Knights again after Bortles found Jeff Godfreyjetting across the middle on 3rd-and-4. He churned 41 yards into the red zone, and Moffitt capped the drive with a 40-yard field goal at the two-minute warning.
As the second half neared to a close, UCF linebacker Terrance Plummer jumped early on an intended Houston receiver and picked up with what could have been a costly pass interference call if not for the work of E.J. Dunston.
Dunston batted down a pass attempt on 3rd-and-10, and the Cougars decided to test their luck as the clock winded down. This time, Dunston got the sack to keep Houston scoreless at the break.
UCF's defense came up with another stellar stop again at the start of the third quarter. As Houston threaten to breach the red zone, Alexander came up with a SportsCenter Top-10 worthy interception on the sideline. Unfortunately, Bortles fumbled the ball in UCF territory and Houston was able to take its first lead, 7-6, off a 24-yard TD rush by O'Korn with just under eight minutes to play in the third.
The Knights didn't stay down for long. UCF called upon William Stanbackin the last three plays of a 75-yard drive, and he delivered a 15-yard touchdown run that sent the student section into a frenzy as the Knights reclaimed a 13-7 lead.
The game and rowdy crowd came to a standstill early in the fourth quarter when UCF sophomore wide receiver Breshad Perriman took a hard hit that resulted in a targeting penalty and ejection for Houston defensive back Zach McMillian.
Perriman was strapped to a board and wheeled off the field on a stretcher, but he held a thumb's up that elicited a standing ovation from the stadium. O'Leary referenced in the post-game press conference that Perriman will be alright and UCF will further evaluate his status.
The Knights seemed to play with Perriman on their mind as Stanback slipped past two defenders for a 38-yard touchdown run, capping UCF's 98-yard drive - the longest of the year.
Two plays later, the defense came up big again as Jacoby Glenn caught the tipped ball by Clayton Geathersfor UCF's second interception of the night.
Although Houston swung some momentum in its favor by blocking Moffit's 50-yard field goal attempt, the defense refused to let the Cougars sneak away with a win.
"We were able to play UCF football. That is our goal on defense - to play hard," Dunston said. "Coach always has us prepare like the game is going to come down to 4-and-1 on the goal line to win the game. That is basically what it came down to."
Johnson carried the ball 28 times for 127 yards and Bortles completed 17-of-24 pass attempts for 210 yards with an interception.
UCF now travels to Temple for the ESPN American Regional Game of the Week next Saturday for a noon kickoff.Center for the Skills & Experience Flags
Flawn Academic Center, Room 22
2304 Whitis Avenue
Austin, Texas 78712
Phone: 512-471-5949 | Fax: 512-471-4990
All students will eventually be required to earn three Flags in Writing and one Flag in each of the other areas. Please consult with your academic advisor to determine which Flags are required for your major and catalog, and to learn about how you may earn each Flag in the process of completing your major, core, and other degree requirements.
Flagged courses are identified in the course schedule with a yellow box that indicates the specific Flag designation. Degree audits also include a yellow box to designate which courses students have taken that satisfy flag requirements.
A course can carry up to three Flags. However, the same course cannot be used to satisfy the Global Cultures and Cultural Diversity Flags even if the course carries both Flags.- Publisher:.
- The controls are indeed a dream, effectively putting to rest the notion that a strategy game can't work on a console. [Aug 2008, p.70]
- It plays very well on the PS3 with intuitive controls, solid graphics, and streamlined game mechanics that ensure entertainment value.
- Matches could be longer, but the strategy is top notch. Excellent. [Aug 2008, p.72]
-.
- Once you start Civilization, you can’t stop playing. Fortunately the controls work wonderfully on the console versions. A great strategy game!
- While]
- This slick new Civilization may be more reduction than Revolution, but it's easily one of the most distinctive games on 360 and PS3. I can't see myself playing much more of the single-player, but I genuinely cannot wait to war over landmass with a few like-minded chums.
User Score
Generally favorable reviews- based on 83 Ratings
User score distribution:
- Positive: 10 out of 12
- Mixed: 1 out of 12
- Negative: 1 out of 12
-.… Full Review »
- I found this version of Civilization surprisingly entertaining and simple in short sessions, for better or for worse. I eventually traded itI.… Full Review »
-.… Full Review »Naomi Campbell to Host Model Competition ‘The Face’
Supermodel vet, Naomi Campbell is stepping into reality television thanks to Oxygen. The female-identified network has tapped her to star in The Face, a reality competition that pits models against one another for the chance to snag a spokesperson spot for a national brand.
According to THR, Campbell will be one of three supermodel coaches responsible for helping contestants secure a campaign. Senior VP of original programming and development and Oxygen Media Rod Aissa states:
“The Face is a fresh new series that delivers all the elements our audience craves: fashion, beauty and drama, Oxygen has been looking for the next ideation in the modeling genre and this project delivers it.”
The series does not yet have a premiere date, but with Naomi in the bag, it’s sure to bring the network tons of traffic.
ANTM, who?Identifying biting bugs is the first step in trying to eliminate them from your home or to repel them when outdoors. This is a guide about identifying little black biting bugs.
Here are questions related to Identifying Little Black Biting Bugs..
Any idea is welcome.
Thanks!
By John E
By Louise B. [5]01/03/2014.
By sweetsammy [1]01/02/2014.
Good luck!
Only very recently I have bites on my ankles almost like mossie bites and they leave a tiny pink spots (like mossie bite after they stop itching). Today I caught them on me, it's black very tiny. You can barely see them. There are ones a bit bigger, like black pepper sprinkles, and there's a few of them I captured. Then they disappeared, I do not see anymore. I need to know if it's related to pets (unlike fleas when captured they snap when squashed these don't) or carpet pests. Would pesticide kill these bugs? I have never seen these bugs. Could they also be coming from plants soil?
Kind regards.
Thank you.
By Julie
By Giselle C.10/07/2014
I have the same exact problem. Bites on my ankles and other numerous places. The bug sounds extremely familiar. I'm struggling a lot and have cleaned this whole house and I'm getting bitten everyday. I'm desperate for help, did you find any solution?
Something keeps biting me when I sit on my couch. They are minute, whitish-to-clear little "balls". Since I can't figure out what they are, I can't figure out what to do about them. I just happened to catch one on my neck this a.m. and squished it. It popped when I compressed it like it was full of liquid. Could they be "no-seeum" bites?
By Martha
By Robyn [366]06/09/2011
I would get an attractive cover or a sheet to cover the couch after you get a can of salt from the store and sprinkle it heavily all over the couch, in the corners, under the cushions, everywhere. The reason for the sheet or cover is to not sit on the salt for the two or so days you leave it on the couch. Vacuum the top of the cushions and leave the salt under the cushions. I get the salt out each time I see a flea on a piece of furniture.
Does anyone have small black bugs hiding in fuzz or cat hair? I have long hair and they find it on the floor. Twice I have found one in my hair. They have 2 or 3 hairs on them that comes out if you put water on them. They also stand on 2 long legs. I have lived here many years and have never seen them until lately. I hope someone answers before they drive me nuts. Thanks.
By gettz from northwest MT
Springtails!
Murphy, I have window units, also and there was some black stuf in the older one. I wanted to take it out,but the crazy man I live with refuses. I bought a new energy efficient one, but let's face it, we need to save up, get the central air repaired and close off the open invite for bugs. I did get air conditioner cleaner at wally world,and it is easy to use. Took several times to clear the old unit up, but it did. We do not smoke. I think smokers don't have this problem.
How do you get rid of them?
By Herbert
By Louise B. [5]03/21/2015
Raid.
For a while, I've been getting a bunch of bites all over my body and they itch a lot. I think I have over 50 now. I searched through my bed and found tiny black dot looking bugs. When I crushed it blood came out. What are they? Bed bugs, fleas? I also have a cat and he had fleas.
By Grace
For bedbugs I recommend you bin mattresses/pillows/any old clothes. Hoover, hot wash carpets, hot wash covers, curtains, cushions etc. Tumble dry all clothing, wash everything over with alcoholic wipes cds/books etc. Do not forget pictures and mirrors. Buy the sprays and the powder.
NB - watch out for the 'bombs' they can make the little critters run for their lives, only to return when the coast is clear, so only use with sprays and powders. I now also salt around the rooms and hairspray the beds etc. Plus double sided tape around mattresses which I check even now... years later and reapply every so often and cover them in plastic.
If you see flat looking bugs NOT only in beds. They will come when your breathing relaxes, so give sofas a hot clean too. They bite, well feed, which fill them up and they then look fat, if you squash and red comes out or you have dark red circles left on sheets PLUS small round red bite marks in a line or cluster then you will probably have bed bugs.
In yje UK council will come out for around 200 and spray ,then come back a while later to check, but they are very hard to get rid of. I for one got new beds-metal ones. I read bed bugs cannot climb metal. Sounds crazy I know, but you can have no idea what it really feels like to be infested with these nasty things unless you have. I had many many sleepless nights, and months and months of checking everything. Hopefully though all my quick eradication effects have been fruitful.
Also seal of cracks around the rooms, and floorboards etc, btw, cats will detect bugs,and mine anyway will give off a strange noise if they do detect something. She goes into hunt mode! I also always spray if I bring in a new item to house, (not new especially - but these things also like to hang out in cardboard!). So it has just become part of normal cleaning routine. Just in case any have remained dormant ,which they can do for some time.
I have had a problem with something biting on my feet and legs in my office off and on for 3 years. We have tried shampooing, pesticides, bug bombs, etc. We now sleep in our living room because they have taken over our room. My hair was down to my butt, now, less than 3 months later my hair is 1/4 inch long.
They are black triangle shaped bugs that bite just my dog and I. My doctor told me there are no bugs and for me to make appointment with mental health. I'm tired of being shrugged off by the medical community. I already have health problems and am getting worse. I need help fast. I live in Colorado. It's not scabies, but they are like mites and horribly itchy
By SuzieS.
I had springtail fleas! They are a pain in the a** they got so bad I had to rip out my sheetrock and insulation then sprayed them with a mixture of 91% alcohol and concentrated Clorox bleach and that solved the problem. They hide in the walls around the windows where there is moisture or water damage take off an outlet cover near a window and get a sample of insulation if you have them you will see little like black pepper sprinkles . Good luck!
There are tiny bugs in my home. Against something dark they look white and against something white they look black or brown. They have been biting. I have no idea what they are, do you? Do you know how I can get rid of them? They seem to react to the cold temps.
By Ronda
springfleas!! and they bite!! windowsills...bed and couches!
These bugs are small, black, and pin head sized. They are very hard to even see. Sometimes I see white ones, also. They seem to get in my clothes and bite. My wife doesn't seem to get bitten or says she can't feel anything on her. What's going on? I'm not crazy. I can feel when something is crawling on me and biting me.
By D
By Sandi/Poor But Proud [422]11/30/2011
The next time you see one, try and capture it. You can then put it in a pill bottle till it's dead. Then, if you have a 400x magnifying glass, see what it looks like. Then get on this site ... ed=0CCgQsAQ&biw=1024&bih=625
and see if you can identify it. Then, you can see how to eradicate them. PBP
By Lizzyanny [9]01/06/2015
These may be flour weevils. They come into your home in any flour product. To get rid of them, get rid of any flour based product that is older than 6 months. They should be gone in a couple of weeks.
What are these little black bugs crawling in my bed and coming from outside my window? They are small and black and there's a thousand of them just by the window and on my curtains and bed.
By Tiffani
By Louise B. [5]10/27/2014
If they are coming in from outside, and there are thousands getting into your bed, I'd say it is time for Raid! What difference does it make what they are?.
By Jackolyn Smith [14]10/17/2013
Try spraying the nest with hair spray. They won't be able to move and it should kill them. Repeat every day until they are all dead.
By Louise B. [5]05/27/2013.
Every time I go to my room or the bathroom some bugs bite me. I can't see them, they fly, and when they bite me they leave a little red mark. Please help me it's starting to get aggravating.
By Josh
By Dinah Ackerson [2]04/01/2015
It is difficult to identify the bug without more information such as your city and state, house or apartment, any plants in the home and how old is the home? It is also possible that the flying bugs are not the ones that bite you.
You can try a smoke bomb as they are effective for flying insects. However, if you do not know the source of the bugs, they will just hatch and continue.
By Christine C.01/14/2015
How do I get rid of these things? What are they called? Where do they come from? That's a picture of them.
I am being overrun with bugs and have no idea what they are. They have come from my garden, whenever I'm out there I'll notice that the bottom of my jeans gets covered in these bugs, maybe 20 or so at once. They're 1-2mm in size, small, black and shiny. When I go to squish them they are able to jump quite far, but on the whole they're quite easily to catch and squish which makes me think they're not fleas.
It's gotten to the point where I don't want to go outside as I get covered in these and they bite, my legs have bite marks all over them. Any ideas what they are and how I get rid of them, I'm worried they're going to infest my house and I'll be stuck with them!
By Louise C
By Suzanne Kellar05/12/2014
Sounds like fleas to me. Any animal roaming your garden area could have fleas and that's where they came from. Obviously you want to be careful if they are on you when you come inside. Fleas can be pretty nasty to rid yourself of.?
By MCE
I have these little black bugs very small in my clothes and I am very clean. I mean so clean you can eat off my floors, but this is out of control. They transfer from one piece to another. I have had pest control spray and coming tomorrow. Please help me out.
By Brendae
I live in Miami, Florida. When you open the door, these 1/2 inch or less long black hard shelled beetle like bugs fly in. I will be sitting and feel something crawling on my bare arm and it itches. I pick them off. Sometimes they will just be crawling on the computer desk or flittering nearby. When I smash them, they crumble (no juice lol) into teeny-tiny black pepper grain-like crumbs.
I looked at the bug id link provided in an earlier post, but could not find this. Thank you :)
My husband and I were outdoors at a park by a lake having a picnic and he was bitten by a little teeny tiny black shinny pin like beetle bug. What is it? The bite spot stung.
By SaraJane. It's hard to find them in my room, but when I am sitting on table or in the bed laying down they came and try to bite. I just start feeling worse. I need a solution soon, please.
By Fidia
They are all over inside and out. It looks like dirt when they pile together. They burrow into the skin. They are everywhere throughout the city and even inside Walmart in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.
By Randy
Do you have knowledge about this guide topic? Feel free to share a solution!AirSplat will be at the Long Beach Comic and Horror Convention November 3rd and 4th, showing off our premier airsoft guns and gear! We also have some extra items laying around the office and we thought we should clean up shop! What better way to celebrate Halloween than by having a Halloween costume contest? Winner will receive a Jackpot Box – Back to Old School Edition AND a weekend pass to the Long Beach Comic and Horror Convention!
Here is how to enter!
- Take a picture of yourself in your halloween costume
- Post the picture on our Facebook wall
We will be posting the submitted pictures in a Facebook Photo album on October 31st (Halloween!) Tag yourself in the photo and share with your friends! AirSplat fans will be voting on their favorite costume. The costume with the most ‘likes’ will be the winner! Voting will take place October 31st – November 2nd. The winner will be announced on Facebook November 2nd!!
Prizes
Did we mention you win a Jackpot Box Old School Edition? Yup, that’s right. We have an extra box with your name on it. You can win up to $600 worth of AirSplat prizes!
In addition to the Jackpot Box prize, you also win a weekend pass to the Long Beach Comic and Horror Convention! That’s a $50 value and an experience you can’t put a price on!By David Averill and Mike Bowers
Leigh Stubbs has now served 10 years of a 44 year sentence based largely on the faulty testimony from discredited forensic odontologist Dr. Michael West. West testified in this trial as a multi-disciplinary expert and was allowed to give his opinion in bitemark analysis, toolmark comparison, video enhancement, crime scene reconstruction, gynecological injuries and psychological criminal motive. Of course he reminds the jury every chance he can get that he is qualified in all of these areas, and that he has lectured to the FBI, Scotland Yard and throughout China.
Stubbs is now being represented by the Innocence Project who are now petitioning for a new trial. This is yet another case that has wreaked havoc with the judicial system by offering West’s bogus expert opinion where he is once again the only one able to see the evidence that he describes. The prosecutor still used West’s testimony in this case despite West having been thoroughly discredited by every major forensic organization in the world. Not to mention the numerous cases that are adding up where innocent men have been wrongfully convicted of crimes that they did not commit due to his faulty testimony.
Bitemark Evidence
Dr. West narrates his first video as he records his “body scan” to document the examination. The video shown below is a clip taken from the right hip where West makes no mention of recognizing a bitemark. In court when asked why there was no mention of the bitemark, he testifies that ”I missed it on the first day but realized that there was a bite after looking at some polaroid photographs that I had taken.”
In court, West describes the alleged bitemark on the hip as “not a prototypical bite mark in appearance….it has fused components from the swelling” yet he is able to give it his strongest opinion, “100 percent sure that it is a bitemark.” West cautions the jury that “I must admit to a novice, this may not appear to be a bitemark by any means.” In other words, West can only see it as a bitemark..
West comes to the conclusion that the bitemark that he sees on the hip is from the teeth of Leigh Stubbs since “the corner of tooth #7 has a little sharp area, very minute… on the skin notice this red area, we have petechia….this is the area caused by the little notch on her tooth #7…..that dot, that dot and that dot represent three teeth.” “Its a pretty good relationship there, it falls short of what we need to make 100 percent.” “There is a high degree of correlation between those teeth and this injury on this girl’s leg”. Dr. West submitted a West bitemark Report that contained two paragraphs.
Enhancement and Interpretation of Surveillance Video
The surveillance video was recorded at the motel the three girls rented for the night. The video was brought to Dr. Wests attention by the Detective in the case who thought he could see a body being removed from a toolbox in the bed of the pickup truck. Dr. West agreed that he could also see the body and said he could enhance the video to make it more visible. The police department had sent the video to the FBI for analysis and enhancement but were told that nothing could be done with the video. Dr. West then saves the day by “enhancing” the video and despite admitting that “we have a very poor imaging system…that is not designed to take high definition pictures….but probably the most important problem we have with the video is the tape had been recorded over and over and over….its about worn out.” No problem for Dr. West though, “what I see isn’t what everybody else sees, there are interpretations.” Don’t worry about your eyes if you cannot see anything on this enhanced video, remember that West is usually the only one to see what he is talking about.
West Interpretation of Video
“All the action we’re interested in now takes place between this truck and that light…as fate would have it this is where the tape had a wrinkle or started messing up…what I’m saying happens next in this clip. You’ve got to imagine her scooping her up and holding that head, with the hair to the side, closing the lid, turning around, stepping off the truck and going into the room.”
Amazing action since the timeline is 16 seconds for Leigh Stubbs to leave the motel door, get to the truck, lift the lid of a toolbox and pull a 120 pound limp unconcious person out from within a toolbox in 1-2 seconds and then haul her out of the back of the pickup stepping down and into the motel room, all within 16 seconds. It only gets more bizarre as Dr. West now recreates the crime scene. West cannot explain how come when the crime lab looked for blood, hair and fiber inside the toolbox they found none that belonged to the victim. They also found no blood on the carpet or in the bathtub of the motel room. West tried to explain that the toolbox could be washed out with water and chlorine. Problem is that they found other hair and fiber inside the box that did not belong to the victim. So much for his crime scene re-creation abilities.
Toolmark Testimony
Dr. West looked at the wound on the head of the victim and thought it looked like the latch that was on the toolbox. And when he looked at the hip where he found the bitemark he also found a toolmark in the shape of a latch from the toolbox. He measured the distance from the head wound and the hip wound and found 37 inches. You guessed it, the distance from the latches on the tool box is 37 inches. A forensic pathologist testified that the wound to the head could not have been made by closing of the lid on her head. The wound was consistent with a blunt object. Read more of the trial testimony if you are interested. I will include pdf copies of the trial at the end of this post.
Conclusion
Unfortunately the police did not do a thorough investigation, so the answers to many questions will never be known. What is known is that Leigh Stubbs dentition cannot be associated with what Dr. West describes as a bitemark on the hip of the victim.For the second time this week, a Jefferson County resident has died in a one-vehicle crash on the same stretch of U.S. Highway 59 three miles south of Oskaloosa.
According to a Kansas Highway Patrol report, Donald G. Vandyke, 54, of Perry, at 7:14 p.m. Wednesday was driving north on the highway when his 2003 Jeep Wrangler left the road, went across into the west ditch and rolled over.
Vandyke, who was not wearing a seat belt, was ejected, according to the accident report. No one else was in the vehicle.
The crash occurred 0.3 of a mile from where Marty L. Warriner, 42, of Oskaloosa, died after his southbound 1999 Dodge pickup truck went off the highway about 12:15 a.m. Monday and rolled once. Warriner was not wearing a seat belt, according to the highway patrol.
Copyright 2015 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published.
frankfussman 3 years, 4 months ago
Seat belts.
Ron Holzwarth 3 years, 4 months ago
People insist on their right to die, and there's not much that can be done about it.
Gayla Bieker 3 years, 4 months ago
Was talking , texting or alcohol involved? Since no other vehicle was involved in either accident I'm guessing one of these might apply. Very sad that this had to happen and could easily have been avoided. Sure hope I'm wrong.
Machala04 3 years, 4 months ago
I drive this road every single day, and there are MANY deer out. I would guess deer before anything else.
Andrea Hoag 3 years, 4 months ago
Seat belts could have made all the difference with both of these fatality accidents, but there must be something wrong with this particular stretch of highway to have two people die within 0.3 of a mile within one week.
Is there going to be an investigation into what is happening right here?
It's usually a far safer road than Wellman.
thepianoman 3 years, 4 months ago
I also drive this road. There isn't anything wrong with the it. My goodness, visibility is excellent (under normal weather conditions)...I think this is just one of those freak things that happened....I can't recall the last time there was an accident in this vicinity of 59. What were these folks doing? Texting? Drinking? Distracted? Fiddling with the radio, IPOD? Just don't know.
I would imagine they are investigating, but as far as the highway itself -- it's perfectly fine....Seems like these days people place blame on the "road" and then it's deemed "dangerous" and then KDOT needs to reconstruct it, etc......
Gayla Bieker 3 years, 4 months ago
exactly....I have to agree with the pianoman. The road is not the problem, it's the driver and/or other distractions.
kansas12 3 years, 4 months ago
Not saying that driver error and/or deer crossing the highway not involved in these accidents and seat belts may have saved lives, too, but the shoulders on 59 don't help matters either. There is not even a car's width off the pavement in many spots before the shoulder drops off to another level--kind of like stair steps from several overlays. Each time they just raise up a small width of what is supposed to be the shoulder so it is even with the overlay. So, if you get off the asphalt very far, your passenger side will drop off.
rockchalker52 3 years, 4 months ago
@thepianoman: I just recently met your impressive self for the first time. Please don't invite karma to bite you in the arse. Take care with your travels as I am looking forward to another taste of your wit & frivolity.
May the recent unfortunates of 59 highway rest in glorious peace.
Randall Barnes 3 years, 4 months ago
so sad that anyone has to die.however how many vehicle fatalities could have been prevented had they not been wearing their seat belt ? you could be hit by a train of even have a plane fall out of the sky. if it is your time to go it is your time to go and nothing can be done to prevent that.
Scarypants 3 years, 4 months ago
Maybe the accident was the result of a medical condition. My condolences to the family.
Kevin Haislip 3 years, 4 months ago
This comment was removed by the site staff for violation of the usage agreement.
rukidingme 3 years, 4 months ago
Seatbelt is the issue here. Perhaps the Jefferson County sheriff department and KHP start being more proactive with traffic enforcement. Not saying write more tickets just start stoppingen drivers for not wearing seatbelts and lot more speed limit enforcement. Google most dangerous roads in Kansas and you will find Jefferson County roads are at the top of the list. That is because people are allowed to drive to fast and no seatbelt.
Commenting has been disabled for this item.Archive » November 30, 2006
Local News
By Guillaume Doane
Ty Warner Decides to Sell the Miramar Hotel
Fed Up With the Planning Process, Hotelier Abandons Dream Design.
Representatives of the hotelier told the Journal last Wednesday that Warner believed a remodel to the property, which he purchased for a little more than $42 million in early 2005, would be too costly – potentially as much as $300 million.
 planning stumbling blocks partial opinions – specifically against Ty Warner.”
Last week’s announcement ended several weeks of speculation about whether the hotel mogul would sell the Miramar, commonly asserted as the last vestige of Warner’s ambitious renovation campaign in Montecito. Rice has often complained on Warner’s behalf about the difficulties of getting a project approved in Montecito. The hotelier’s entire team had delayed making any disclosures about the Miramar until other Warner projects were settled.
In the latest designs, Rice said architect David VanHoy had prepared an upscale “family-oriented” hotel that departs from former Miramar owner Ian Schrager’s “edgy” resort and wouldn’t compete with Warner’s other high-profile properties, such as San Ysidro Ranch and the Four Seasons Biltmore.
VanHoy, who is working on Warner’s Coral Casino rehabilitation and the forthcoming Montecito Country Club remodel, had “gone through every single room,” Rice said, and had created plans for a new lobby, spa, restaurant, tennis courts, pools and additional landscaping.
“This was not an easy decision for Mr. Warner, as he shared the desire of so many local residents to see this iconic hotel brought back to life,” Rice wrote in a November 20 letter to supporters.
Warner has reportedly spent about $500,000 on architectural designs, on top of another $1 million he’s spent on minor hotel fix-ups. Rice didn’t say how much the Miramar was selling for, but that he expects the sale price to exceed what Warner paid for the hotel.
Last week’s announcement sent a wave of disappointment throughout Warner’s extensive legion of fans who saw him as the best candidate to rehabilitate a dilapidated 14-acre property that hasn’t been open since the summer of 2000.
“I think he’s someone who would honor the old Miramar,” said Deborah Clark, who claims she practically “grew up” at the Miramar during the ‘50s.
“It’s frustrating to think that someone who has such vision for that property would run into so many stumbling blocks,” she continued. “It’s a triple-edged sword when you come down to it.”
Battling Groups
Warner’s decision to sell is underscored by his company’s growing discontent with the Montecito Association. Relations between the two institutions have soured this year and Rice attributes the fallout to the Association’s leadership that “has gotten worse and worse and more aggressive toward Mr. Warner’s projects.”
For example, Rice points to Warner’s Channel Drive restoration this year, a project that drew large community praise but was opposed by the Association over safety concerns.
“What we’re saying is that a homeowners group should represent its membership,” Rice said.
Their relations worsened in August when the Association’s Land Use Committee supported a Montecito Planning Commission decision that imposed conditions on Warner’s Biltmore seawall repair. The two groups have since traded barbs in a number of letters written to the Journal and others circulated around Montecito.
Rice has always suspected the Association of wielding a “personal bias” toward Warner, and said he felt justified after he abruptly left an October 5 meeting with the Land Use Committee’s chair, Susan Keller. Rice had met with Keller and Joan Wells to discuss ways to find common ground. While on the subject of the Biltmore seawall repair, Rice said he told Keller that Warner was entitled to do work on his own property, to which she reportedly replied: “Yes, we know Ty Warner owns it, and that’s why we’re tired of him rubbing our noses in it.”
Association President Bob Collector admits that “the Association is not without fault in our relationship with Ty Warner,” but he’s said repeatedly that “personal bias is impossible” because the organization’s positions are decided by its 17 directors.
Collector said he was “dismayed” by Rice’s accusations because he said the Association rarely opposes Warner proposals. Despite the regular planning hassles, Collector said Warner has had no problems getting approvals.
“Everything he wanted to do to the Biltmore he got. Everything he wanted to add to the Coral Casino, the Montecito Planning Commission awarded to him,” Collector said. “I’m having a hard time trying to understand how someone can complain when they’ve won one hundred percent of their projects.”
But approvals don’t mean anything, Rice said, if they come attached with a list of conditions. He points to last year’s Coral Casino proceedings in which the Association endorsed the rehabilitation designs, but tacked on conditions for decision makers to consider.
“They have a very clever way of hiding their true feelings about a project,” Rice said.
As to Rice’s expressed reasons for selling the Miramar, Collector said they had less to do with the Association and more with escalating costs of construction materials and labor. He said he’s known as far back as August 20 that Rice had been approaching real estate investors looking for someone to buy the Miramar. Given Warner’s standards, a complete hotel remodel would have brought stratospheric costs, Collector believes.
“Nobody even knew how Ian Schrager was going to do a renovation when materials were not as expensive,” he said. “With all that Warner’s already spent, I can’t see why this would have been a good investment.”
What the Future Holds
When Ty Warner purchased the Miramar last year, he was immediately greeted as the savior of a downtrodden, neglected property. Many residents saw him as the only person in the County with enough money and patience to accomplish a renovation. Upon hearing the news of Warner’s decision, the billionaire hotelier’s friends and admirers wondered whether he was running out of patience.
“I wouldn’t say he’s fed up with Montecito, but I think he’s reached the breaking point,” said Nina Terzian, a Warner friend of 25 years.
Terzian, whose Montecito home faces Miramar Beach, doubted whether the hotel could ever be rebuilt. “If someone like Ty Warner, with his deep pockets, brilliant ideas for architecture and unbelievable perseverance can’t do it, who can?” she said.
“And why would anyone want to? I know I wouldn’t.”
Coast Village Complex Could be Heard by Planning Commission in Spring 2007
Within the next couple weeks, commercial property owner John Price will be submitting plans to the Santa Barbara Planning Commission for a conversion of his Coast Village Road 76 Station into a commercial and residential facility. Architect Jeffrey Gorrell, of Lenvik & Minor, said his three-story mixed use building will “give more grace to the street” and will be “in keeping with the Mediterranean style” of the primarily commercial area.
“We’re very proud of it. We feel it’s going to be a wonderful addition to Coast Village Road and worthy as a gateway to the neighborhood,” Gorrell said last week. “Aesthetically, this is an enormous improvement over the gas station.”
Gorrell said the plans could be turned in as soon as December 1 and a hearing before the Planning Commission would likely not take place until spring 2007.
Mr. Gorrell’s designs call for less than 5,000 square feet of development mixing eight residential units with two ground floor commercial spaces. The Spanish Colonial-inspired facilities would be accompanied by a parking lot on the northern portion of the property, in addition to an underground parking garage.
The entrance of the complex, perhaps the most ornate portion of the facilities, is an open arched doorway framed by stonework. The entry passes into a paseo that connects the commercial units and leads northward into the parking area.
The current designs differ immensely from plans that were introduced in February, when Santa Barbara Planning Commissioners expressed doubts about whether the mass and height of the building were incompatible with the neighborhood.
While the building will still stand at three stories, Gorrell said he addressed comments by pulling the infrastructure 10 feet back from Coast Village Road to reduce the overall size of the complex and limit the visual impacts.
“The units get smaller, of course, but that’s the way it needed to be, and that’s alright,” Gorrell said.
Working with landscape company Earthform Design, Gorrell also implemented more plantings, streetscape and a fountain all intended to bring more “life to the area.”
“This is all part of making the project feasible and sensitive to the needs of Coast Village Road,” Gorrell said. “I hope that I’ve addressed (the businesses’) interests as best as can be done without compromising the program of the owner.”
But for some Coast Village merchants, the changes may not be enough. Most of the building will measure at 35 feet with a tower at a height of nearly 41 feet. During a Coast Village Business Association meeting on November 17, President Danny Copus said his organization is finalizing a masterplan for Coast Village that limits building heights to 30 feet. Gorrell’s current design, he said, doesn’t fit into the business area’s plans.
“It’s still blocking a lot of the mountains,” said Copus, who is general manager of the Montecito Inn, directly across the street from the proposed development site. “We’re now looking at a project that’s thirty-five feet tall, and that’s just unacceptable.”
Other business operators, though, seemed quite satisfied. “It’s extraordinary the changes that have been made to address the impacts and the mass of the building,” said Chef James Sly, whose restaurant Lucky’s operates across the street. “I think it has to be a significant improvement over a gas station, even a very nice gas station.”
But the removal of the 76 Station is still worrisome for some Coast Village merchants and Montecito residents who say its elimination would leave the town with only two gas stations. These same concerns were raised in February, when Planning Commissioner Bill Maran suggested the removal of station could alter traffic trends and “increase the distance people have to go to get gas.”
But Gorrell isn’t worried, saying the end of the 76 Station is part of a trend of other gas stations that have met a similar demise. “In my mind, how many gas stations do you need?” he said. “We are losing gas stations all over the area. The reality is that they’re not very profitable and the margins for the owner are negligible.”
Add Comment
All comments are subject to review after submission. Please allow a slight delay before comments appear online!
The design for the Miramar gave homage to the original club while expanding its menu of amenities. Pictured here is a proposed spa.
Before deciding to sell it, Ty Warner had huge plans for the Miramar Hotel. Seen here is a rendering of a new lobby created by architect David VanHoy
Jeffrey Gorrell says his mixed use three-story building will be a “worthy gateway” to Coast Village RoadThis deal has ended.
These Clarks Leisa Sahara Leather Clogs, originally $85, drop from $39.99 to $29.96 with code 25SALE at ShoeBuy. With free shipping, that's the lowest price we could find, and $2 below our last posting. These flexible mules are available in dark green and tan, and feature OrthoLite footbeds for comfort. There is no sales tax (except NY).No longer availableRunners to converge on Carlsbad next weekend
CARLSBAD —— Before the long-distance runners take to the streets of Carlsbad, milers of all ages will have an opportunity to strut their stuff Saturday. The Carlsbad Marathon weekend kicks off with a series of races Saturday, including the Super One Competitive Mile and the Keebler Kids Marathon Mile for the 12-and-under set. The next day, a familiar event takes the stage with a new name: the Carlsbad Marathon, formerly the San Diego Marathon.
All of the weekend races start and finish at the Westfield Shoppingtown Plaza Camino Real shopping mall.
Saturday's events begin with the Super One Competitive Mile for runners 12 years old and older. The men's and boys race is at 8:30 a.m., followed by the women's and girls race at 8:50 a.m. The entry fee for the Super One Mile is $20 if paid before race day, $25 on race day.
Kids 12 and under will toe the line at 9:30 a.m. for the Keebler Kids Marathon Mile. Races include a 1-mile run for ages 7-12, a half-mile run for ages 5-6, a quarter-mile run for ages 3-4, a 25-yard toddler trot for ages 3 and younger and the Diaper Dash for the diaper set.
The entry fee for the Keebler Kids Marathon Mile is $15.
The Carlsbad Marathon and Half Marathon have a series of start times Jan. 16. The marathon walk starts at 5:30 a.m., followed by the early marathon start at 6:30 a.m., and the half marathon and marathon start at 7:30 a.m.
The marathon entry fee is $80, and the half marathon fee is $50.
On Saturday, the Albertsons Tribute to Heroes Pasta Party will be held from 4-7 p.m. at the Army-Navy Academy in Carlsbad. Admission is open to the public, and tickets are $15. Besides offering a pasta dinner for runners and guests, the Tribute to Heroes Pasta Party will honor the numerous runners who are running the marathon and half marathon to raise money for the events' official charity, Charities in Motion Foundation.
"These are the real heroes of the weekend," said Lynn Flanagan, race director of the Carlsbad Marathon/Half Marathon. "Many of these athletes have overcome incredible obstacles to train and participate in the event."
Also expected to attend are Steve Scott, the American record holder for the mile, and Toby Stevenson, 2004 Olympic silver medalist in the pole vault.
Weekend activities also include the Road Runner Sports Fitness Expo being held Friday through Jan. 16 at the Westfield Shoppingtown Plaza Camino Real. The expo is free and open to the public.
For more information about any of the Carlsbad Marathon weekend events, visit.
Contact staff writer Rick Hoff at (760) 740-3545 or rhoff@nctimes.com .
Connect with The San Diego Union-Tribune
-
-
-
-
-March 15, 2012
Ryan Epling
HerdNation.com
Marshall basketball just concluded the 2011-2012 season with one of the most memorable weeks in program history.Some of those memories are going to last for the right reasons. DeAndre Kane and Shaquille Johnson putting the team on their shoulders in a triple-OT victory over Tulsa in the C-USA Quarterfinals. Then Marshall showed no ill-effects from that game in dispatching Southern Miss by 11, a Golden Eagle squad that made the NCAA Tournament as an at-large and received a No. 9 seed.That's when things turned for the worse. Much worse. First was the C-USA Championship game, held in Memphis at FedEx Forum. The Tigers are playing as well as any team in the country, and playing a home game in the conference tournament, plus having not been challenged the previous day, Memphis was too fresh for Marshall to deal with.Most Herd fans agreed, however, that Marshall had given all it had to give, and the deck stacked against it by C-USA had just caught up to it.The squad bussed 10 hours home after the game, arriving home late Saturday night. Selection Sunday was suddenly a distinct possibility for Marshall, as the Herd held an RPI of 44, a top 25 strength of schedule and a top 10 non-conference strength of schedule. Those were the three criteria all of the talking heads and committee had been touting for a year, and Marshall stacked up better than most teams on the bubble.But then the brackets were released and there was no Herd. Iona, who Marshall beat by 19 points, did make the field and the committee received praise from ESPN for their diligence in getting the Gaels into the tournament. Nevermind Marshall's superior RPI, SOS, and non-conference SOS, plus the head to head game. Those were totally irrelevant.Marshall fans were justifiably upset, and the fact the so-called experts breaking down the field refused to even mention the Herd as being a team left out. The NCAA released the last six out, but Marshall's name was not among them.This infuriated the fan base even further, but Herd fans knew a 2-hour wait for the NIT Selection show would bring better news. Surly the Herd, who had the highest RPI of any team in the country to be left out of the NCAA Tournament, would receive a home game in the NIT. In fact, Marshall should have been receiving a No. 1 or No. 2 seed at worst.When the NIT Selection Show aired, Marshall was given a No. 5 seed and sent to Middle Tenneessee State for the opening round. Two days later on ESPN3.com. The worldwide leader didn't deem the Herd worthy of their airwaves.The Herd was back on the bus Monday morning for a nearly seven-hour trip to Murfreesboro, just outside of Nashville. Marshall would play its fifth game in seven days Tuesday night against a Blue Raider team that hadn't played in nine days, and knew it would be an NIT squad the entire time.The NCAA and NIT had completely stacked the deck and Marshall didn't have enough in the tank to overcome a predictably sluggish start. Marshall's season ended 21-14.The final analysis for the squad is not yet complete. Marshall may not have reached the very high expectations of the fan base during the season, but when the conference tournament started, the Herd got to the title game against Memphis, where many thought it would when the season began. Marshall was on the NCAA bubble for an at-large bid, where many had hoped the team would be when the season began. And then for the first time in 24 years, Marshall made one of the big two postseason tournaments.The last week, Marshall pride was on full display and rightfully so. The team played against heavy odds and while it came up short, it didn't go down without a fight. Kane became the player Marshall fans had hoped he was over the past week. The senior trio of Damier Pitts, Johnson and Dago Pena would have liked their season to last longer, but were integral in elevating the program. Don't forget, Nigel Spikes came in with them but sat out as a freshman.Current Marshall students were either too young or not yet born to appreciate the Southern Conference runs through Ashville in the 1980's. Most don't remember Marshall's previous NIT bid. The Herd was the talk of the town for a solid week and it didn't play within six hours of home in two different locations in Tennessee. There is nothing to be ashamed of with the Herd's final week of play. Instead, there is a lot to be proud of. Marshall is a school built on blue-collar work-ethic. It is engrained within the fabric of the students and residents of the region. Coach Tom Herrion and company took their lunch box to work every day last week and against all odds, made a lot of people smile. It's a run that should not be forgotten, and should the program accelerate next season to reaching new levels of success, will be remembered as the groundwork. The Herd gave it all it had, and although it would have been nice to see the squad suit up again somewhere along the way, their legacy should be remembered as a positive moment in the program's storied history.Ryan Epling is an analyst with Herd Nation. Comments and questions are welcomed and encouraged on the Old Fairfield forum. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inWell met at Audiko.net, where you can easily aquire epic ringtones for your cell. Today we have a ringtone of “Ghetto Gospel” by 2Pac as well as 4704 other ringtones by 2Pac. “Ghetto Gospel” is the best track from the “Loyal to the Game” album that was issued by 2Pac at their recording studio together with other 29 tracks. You can listen to all 8 2Pac – “Ghetto Gospel” ringtone variations available here and download it for free right to your smart phone. You can also find other 28 albums produced by 2Pac for all time. “Ghetto Gospel”!
2Pac - Ghetto Gospel
>Erik Dussere
Associate Professor
Department of Literature
- Professor Dussere's teaching and research are primarily focused on the literature, film, and culture of twentieth-century America. He has published Balancing the Books (a study of the way that the novels of Toni Morrison and William Faulkner deal with the legacies of slavery) and, more recently, America Is Elsewhere (which looks at the tradition of "noir" in post-WWII film and fiction and its relation to consumer culture). He has also published articles about comic books and strips, among other things.
DegreesPhD, Literatures in English, Rutgers University
BA, English, University of Massachusetts
OFFICE
- CAS - Literature
- Battelle Tompkins - 231
- Tu, F: 11:15-12:15, 1-3
FOR THE MEDIA
- To request an interview for a
news story, call AU Communications
at 202-885-5950 or submit a request.
SEE ALSO
- Literature Department
Scholarly, Creative & Professional Activities
Selected Publications
- America Is Elsewhere: The Noir Tradition in the Age of Consumer Culture. New York: Oxford, 2014
- Balancing the Books: Faulkner, Morrison, and the Economies of Slavery. New York: Routledge, 2003
- “Out of the Past, Into the Supermarket: Consuming Film Noir,” Film Quarterly 60:1
- “Subversion in the Swamp: Pogo and the Folk in the McCarthy Era,” The Journal of American Culture 26:1
- “Accounting for Slavery: Economic Narratives in Morrison and Faulkner,” Modern Fiction Studies 47:2
- “The Debts of History: Southern Honor, Affirmative Action, and Faulkner’s Intruder in the Dust,” Faulkner Journal 17:1; Winner of the Hinkle Award for Scholarship in the Faulkner Journal 2000-2005
- The Queer World of the X-Men,” Salon, July 12, 2000.
Professional Presentations
- “The Space of Conspiracy in The Parallax View,” Society for Cinema and Media Studies Conference, Chicago, IL, March 2007.
- Presentation and discussion on Fahrenheit 451 for the NEA’s “Big Read,” Institute of Museum and Library Services, Washington, DC, October 2006.
- “Conspiracy of Skin: Chester Himes and the Detective Novel,” Modern Language Association Convention, Washington, DC, December 2005.
- “Pulp is Beautiful: The Black Panther Meets the Seventies,” American Studies Association Conference, Washington, DC, November 2005; MLA Convention, Philadelphia, PA, December 2004.
AU News and Achievements
- Noir and Consumer Culture
Film noir and consumer culture converge in new book by literature professor Erik Dussere....
- Where Literature Meets Film
AU Literature professors discuss the adaptation of literature to the silver screen....
- The Desert Island Reading List
AU Literature Department professors discuss their favorite fiction....Refine Your Live Bait Presentation
There are a lot of different ways to catch walleye and I have tried most of them. Some of these techniques have worked well under certain conditions, others have not impressed me very much.
There is one presentation that has consistently been successful for me, especially early in the year. This basic presentation is the live bait rig.
Although the live bait rig is often times thought of as a simple means of angling for walleye, it isn’t always as simple as one may think. There are certainly many variations and noteworthy equipment refinements that can be made to increase success.
Walleye are known for their finicky eating habits. Their pick-ups are often so subtle it is hard to tell when you have a bite. For this reason, the fishing rod chosen for live bait rigging is critical.
I am a big believer in using high quality rods for live bait rigging. The extra feel associated with a sensitive fishing rod will pay big dividends down the road. I personally find Fenwick products to be ideal.
I like seven foot medium light actions. Having a light, sensitive tip is extremely important for detecting those very finicky bites. Many times I can see the fish load up on the end of the rod but not really feel any kind of bite. Longer fishing rods are also ideal for playing fish.
Line is another critical component of live bait rigging, especially the leader material. Since walleye teeth are round, they do not cut line like northern teeth do. Because of this, anglers can easily get by with six-pound-test leader material. I often will use four.
As for the leaders, the new fluorocarbon lines, like Vanish, are excellent. They are less visible in the water than standard line and do make a significant difference in success.
For years, it was believed red hooks were necessary to catch walleye. I do use red hooks but believe having a small, sharp, light wire hook is more important than color. I often add a chartreuse or orange bead above the hook when tying my leaders.
At times, I find some variation in the leader is helpful. Spinners and Gum-Drop floaters should be tried on a regular basis as there are days when these presentations will out fish a plain hook.
One last thought. You can’t catch fish that are not there. For this reason, take advantage of quality electronics and map chips from LakeMaster (). Being able to find fishing spots is the first step in catching anything.
There are a lot of walleye presentations that will successfully catch fish but few are as versatile as the live bait rig. I find that by refining some of the basics of live bait rigging, I can be successful on most bodies of water.Recover Deleted JPG Files
Recover Deleted JPG Files
Sudden loss of image files is a great pain for those who love to collect memories. May be you are also one of the sufferer of image file loss. Are you thinking of recovering those JPG files you have deleted? If you are thinking to get back all those memories at your own, then you are at the absolutely right place. You will definitely found here the permanent solution for your problem. JPG file recovery is the software which allows you to restore all deleted JPG files from all possible storage devices. It comes with some mind blowing usefulness which makes it different in every ways from other JPG file recovery software.
JPG files are not only the images, they are related to your emotions and feelings. As long time passes these files increases their value in your life. But sometime due to some foolish reasons you may face problems like deletion of these JPG files. While you are working with the JPG files you may have become little bit careless and due to the same carelessness you have deleted those valuable JPG files from your digital camera or from your computer. Wrong Hanling process of your digital camera is another reason responsible for JPG file deletion. While working with the JPG files try to be a little bit conscious and if you want to get back JPG images anyhow then use JPG file recovery software. This recovery software comes with full assurance to retrieve your JPG files with lots of care.
Whenever you feel like your JPG files are deleted, they are not anymore in your camera or in the computer, first thing you will try to use the recovery tool to recover deleted files. So JPG recovery has been designed keeping all the need in mind. There is no comparison of this software as it comes with amazing features.If you are determined to use JPG recovery then its time to scan your whole hard drive for the required deleted JPG file or your pen drive to retrieve deleted pictures from the pen drive. If you are a user of Windows OS then go for the Windows edition and to restore photo files on Mac, Mac edition also available. This software restores JPG files from SATA, SCSI, IDE hard drives, flash memory cards like SD, XD, MMC, Memory stick, USB external drives etc. To get more detailed information, click here for visiting the page. .
Straight forward way to recover deleted JPG files
There is a trial version comes with this software. So you will be able to give a try to the software before purchasing it.
Step 1:Download the trouble free trial version.After that when you will launch the software the welcome screen will appear.Then just select the option “Recover Photos”.
Figure A: Select Recover Photos
Step 2:After clicking on the next button it will redirect you to the next screen where selection of the drive will be made.
Figure B: Select Drive
Step 3:Within some time span this software comes with the result of recoverd image files. Here if you want you can preview any file before the final approval of purchasing it.
Figure C: Recovered ImagesMercedes, BMW Hybrids Lure CEOs Who May Avoid a Prius
(Corrects release date of BMW ActiveHybrid 7 to this spring in eighth paragraph of story published Feb. 25. Incorrect information was based on BMW press release.)
Feb. 25 (Bloomberg) -- To the great oxymorons of our time, like “military intelligence,” “clean coal,” “reality TV” and “easy mortgage loan,” I propose to add “green luxury sedan.”
Titans of industry flaunt power, prestige as they sweep through traffic, not environmental consciousness, right?
So for the past few years, the only choice for chief eco-sensitive officers has been Toyota’s $110,000 hybrid Lexus LS 600h L, sporting a whopping 5-liter, 438 horsepower V-8 married to an electric motor -- the low-emission duck among preening swans.
No longer. Let me introduce you to the BMW ActiveHybrid 7 and the Mercedes-Benz S-Class Hybrid. Big, bruising and beautiful, these two sedans for the executive set have taken a cue from Toyota’s playbook. When the Germans start producing hybrid luxury sedans, however tentatively, it signals an industry shift.
Still, before you invite the president of Greenpeace to a Four Seasons lunch, let’s qualify those Environmental Protection Agency numbers. The Mercedes S400 gets 19 miles per gallon on Manhattan’s Park Avenue and 26 on the Long Island Expressway. The BMW’s results aren’t official, but I saw numbers of around 16 while idling on Worth Street and 24 when whipping to Chappaqua on the Saw Mill Parkway. The Lexus gets 20 and 22.
Prius numbers? Hardly. That’s because none of the three can move under electric power alone. The gas engine is shut off when stopped and the electric motor temporarily provides power. It can also provide extra torque when moving. Toyota’s Prius, which can briefly run on electric power alone, gets 51 mpg in town.
Dismal V-12
Still, the fuel consumption is about 15 percent to 20 percent better than the regular V-8 models. Both the 7 and S-Class also are available with 12-cylinder engines, which get a dismal 11 to 13 mpg around town. (The V-12s, which have massive premiums, are the equivalent of a pricey wristwatch with fancy complicated mechanics -- unnecessary, but see how it moves!)
You can buy the S400 today, leaving BMW in the dust as showrooms must wait until this spring for the ActiveHybrid 7.
Moneymen talk figures, so to price: The BMW will go for $103,125, with a more desirable long-wheelbase version starting at $107,000. That’s a $20,000-plus premium over the gas-only version, or the salary of a worker in the mailroom.
Mercedes has positioned the S400 at less than $90,000, making it the economy player in the S-Class lineup -- $3,600 less than the S550. That’s a bottle of 1982 Chateau Petrus.
Audi Plan
Other than the hybrid badging, both sedans look identical to their all-gas counterparts. Which brand you choose partly depends on which look appeals -- the BMW’s modern slickness versus the strong solidity of the Mercedes. (Audi plans to show a full hybrid based on the new A8 at the Geneva Motor Show.)
In terms of comfort, the 7 Series’ front seats are my favorite of any modern car, comfortable for bodies big and small. The back seat is huge, and the overall padding throughout the cabin is lovely to feel. Every button and knob is firm and pleasant to the touch -- the best build quality of any Bimmer.
Not that the Mercedes is a slouch. I hauled three passengers to Delaware from New York and they later complained that their hotel bed wasn’t nearly the equal of the S400’s cabin. It’s got beautiful burl walnut and leather all around.
The big difference in price comes from the S400’s power deficit over the 7. The Mercedes is a comparatively gentle machine with a combined 295 horses and 284 pound-feet of torque out of its V-6 and electric motor. You can get to 60 mph in about 7.2 seconds.
German Roads
I experienced no real lack of zing, however. The S-Class is not supposed to make burnouts at traffic lights anyhow. It’s bred for the wide-open roads of Germany, and on that Delaware drive I made excellent time without even approaching the electronically controlled top speed of 130 mph.
The ActiveHybrid 7 Series is a power player, with a 4.4-liter twin-turbo V-8 married to an electric motor with a combined 455 horsepower and 515 pound-feet of torque. It’ll get to 60 mph in 4.7 seconds. Yowza.
Throttle and suspension settings include comfort, normal, sport and sport sharp, and they change the temperament faster than a CEO on a golf trip being called to appear before Congress. Both cars are more manageable in traffic and windy roads than oversize SUVs.
And in these days of foregone bonuses and carbon footprints, CEOs may like to show that it’s not just the color of their money that’s green.
The 2010 Mercedes S400 Hybrid and
BMW ActiveHybrid 7 at a Glance
Engines: 3.5-liter V-6 and electric motor with 295 horsepower; 4.4-liter V-8 and electric motor with 455 hp.
Transmissions: 7-speed automatic; 8-speed automatic.
Speed: 0 to 60 mph in 7.2 seconds; 4.7.
Gas mileage per gallon: 19 city, 26 highway; 16, 24 (estimated).
Price as tested: $105,230; $107,300 (estimated).
Best feature: Decent gas mileage in a classic S-Class package; rip-roaring performance with all the comfort.
Worst features: Both are mild hybrids, which don’t get the same gas improvements as full hybrids.
Target buyer: The executive who wants to be seen to be green.
.Next up: twenty-something. Or thirty-something, forty-something, or a hundred-and-forty-something. As in a character is "[age in factor of ten]-something" years old.
I have to admit: when I see the phrase [number]-something my brain kind of shuts down.
Here's why (I think). It's just so unspecific. There's a huge difference between a twenty-one year old and a twenty-nine year old. I suppose twenty-"something" is supposed to be somewhere in the middle, but why not just say how old they are? "Something" is longer than every number from one to ten, so it's not as if you're saving characters.
At the same time, maybe saying "twenty-seven" is too much information and the specificity is somewhat distracting?
If you're reading this by e-mail or through an RSS reader, please click through for the poll:
194 comments:
Don't be afraid to give your character an age.
As I'm typing this the thread says "No comments yet." But by the time I send it a hundred and three people will have beaten me to the punch.
If you're pitching the premise for a sit-com, where the casting will determine the "something," then by all means, go for it.
For a novel, you should know how old your characters are. Especially for a query, where (hopefully) you are focusing on two characters: your protagonist and antagonist.
Except if you have a centuries-old vampire. Then it's OK to be vague.
I was only off by a hundred and two. Not bad. I say use early, mid, or late if you don't want to be specific with someone's age. I'm turned off by the use of "something" also. I didn't even like that show. What was it? Thirty something?
I'm paranoid about confiding age. If I had a nickel for every time someone said to me You're so mature! I'd own Google. So twenty-something doesn't bother me.
If it's vital that the reader knows the age of the character, then give it. Why be cute and fudge? I don't see the point.
Elspeth
I say be specific unless you're intentionally using the slang phrase "twenty-something" in dialogue (or in-character narration).
Just my take.
Bryan
When I started reading your post, I thought you were talking about writers being cagey about their ages, which would be easy to explain. Vanity and the perception of youth. (Do something at a really young age and it's WOW!, do it when you're older and it's a smile and nod moment, or a lukewarm "that's nice".)
For characters, unless you're describing the appearance of an immortal, there's no reason not to give an age to the character. Of course, as I write this, I realize that one of my characters doesn't know how old she is, so she has to be vague...
53 votes but only 5 comments? Hmm...
I think it depends on the character using the term. If it's a 65 year old character that's using "twenty-something" as vaguely pejorative, lumping all those 21 and 29 year olds together (as in, you young whippersnappers!), then okay.
Otherwise, specify.
"Twenty-something" (or thirty-something, forty-something, etc.) sounds affected, trendy. If you need to be vague, why not say early, mid, or late-twenties?
I think it conveys great information about that character if they define their age in that way. For instance, if a woman protagonist classifies herself as forty-something rather than say, forty-six, that fact alone can hint at insecurity, vanity, etc. I've given all my characters specific ages, but as I write juvenile fiction, my picture book characters tend to be proud that they're six. :)
Haha! It bugs me too.
I think writers sometimes use the term twenty-something (or whatever age- something), to be derisive. Just a way to characterize a person by not being specific and lumping them into a age group and mocking them.
Great question! I finally got to the point in my editing where I'm just adding the age and making it work.
I have plenty of pet peeves, but this doesn't happen to be one of them.
When someone says "twenty-something," I'll admit, I usually think of said person as "near thirty."
But on the whole, I drift right past it.
Well, brushing aside that the decade-something pairing has become a cliche, I have to say, I don't really have a problem with it.
The pairing servers a point - instantly drawing upon the commonly held notions about a distinct period in a life - which the author can then either agree with or contradict. The phrase includes a great deal of information into a very small space. It's compact.
Though, as others have pointed out, our continued reliance on segmenting by ages has made the early-, mid-, and late- pairings somewhat more efficient.
lol! It drives me nuts too. I want to know the character's exact age and their name up front, get that out of the way. Saying a character is 35 years old, gives me a better visual.
If however, in the main character's POV and they are describing someone they just met and dont' know much about, then it's okay to say....the D.A. was a fifty something year old man...etc.
I was thinking the same thing as Bryan with the slang phrase meaning of the word - used that way it doesn't bother me.
Also to me, when you say twenty-something it has more connotation then saying the exact age. Twenty-something means a person who's out experiencing life, still young enough to make mistakes without mid-life crisis-like results. It's a phrase that encompasses a specific generation and their culture.
On a side note, it also reminds me of Sex in the City, where Carrie Bradshaw is always commenting on guys and their twenty-something girlfriends...
It would never occur to me to say 'something' rather than the age. I'm succinct about my own age as well, even if it is a lie. ;)
They're two different things. If I say I'm twenty-eight, I'm giving my age. If I say I'm a "twenty-something," I'm claiming to belong to the twenty-something stereotype - single, carefree, fresh at a new job, more interested in hanging with my friends at the bar than I am in settling down and having a family. Even though I *am* twenty-eight and therefore by definition a "twenty-something", I would definitely define myself as the former and not the latter.
I can't imagine a scenario where I would use it myself, but it doesn't bother me when someone else does. You still rock, Nathan!
I like to know at least an age range. That way I'm not surprised later when the character I was picturing as young had gray hair or is going bald or whatever.
But I realize in my own writing that my characters have specific ages. At least, my female characters do. Weird. :)
I am sure there are situations where "something" is just right. However, I teach people to write, and that means I teach them to be specific. Vague generalities are rarely interesting, unless they are setting the stage for what the writer really wants to stand out. So, say, for example, that all the characters but one were "somethings." That one character who had an age would stand out-- making the detail far more interesting.
As a rule of thumb? Be specific.
Personally, when I hear "something" instead of the exact age I automatically assume the character is almost in the next decade (because otherwise why would they feel the need to be so vague?). From then on I see the character as someone not comfortable with their age, which makes me not like them. So I say just admit their age already--you're not doing your character any favors.
For a character, I would rather know the actual age, because as you mentioned, there's a big difference from 21 to 29.
In real life, however, it doesn't bother me at all to have someone refer to themself as a "twenty-something".
Sometimes it really bothers me. Especially, when 'something' makes a difference. Being 21 vs.29 for example.
I guess, when we are talking about some minor irrelevant character, it is ok to be vague. As long as not all the characters are between 20-something and 30-something.... or something >.<
I can see using it as a pejorative term or in dialogue, as others have said, but if its vagueness doesn't have a purpose, it does seem sloppy to me.
If the narrator knows the age, then give it. But I think it's perfectly appropriate for a character (or a first person narrator) to guess at another character's age as thirty... something.
If you POV character knows the other character's exact age, okay, but it they meet someone who looks like they're twenty-five-ish, I have no problem with the POV character guestimating twenty-something.
Twenty-something is annoying if you're talking about a character in a book you wrote. You should know how old they are, unless it's just that kind of book (sex and the city, devil wears prada-style).
But, if you're talking about yourself, I can excuse it as not wanting to seem too young. Only because this has been happening to me my entire life. But I do prefer "in my twenties" to "twenty-something". There's just something so pretentious about the phrase that it's a turn-off.
It doesn't bother me but I think that's because I just sort of automatically assign an age when I see the word. Like, twenty-something = 26.
That said I don't mind seeing it in a blurb but in the book if you're going to mention the age, I want to see an actual number.
I'm struggling to think of a book which uses that term and isn't chicklit. The convention fits the genre, as it's often about women who're insecure about stuff.
It makes me avoid stories because of the associations it has. But it could also attract a reader who likes those stories.
"Twenty-something" annoys me, too. Is the author indecisive? Has she just not thought about how old her character is? Either way, it ain't good.
If the characters are being coy about their age for a reason then it will work for me.
I would far prefer age to be omitted and allowed to draw my own conclusion in regards to the characters ages (based on occupations, schooling, etc)rather than read a "xx-something" description.
Well...somebody should've mentioned this to the producers at GLEE. Mr. Shuester and his wife supposedly graduated high school in 1993, which would make them 34 right now. HOWEVER, obviously the casting call said a "30 something" looking actress to play his wife. And they got a 42 year old. Too old for the part and it drives me mad. Mad I tell you!
I have to agree with you. I don't like it when things are vague.
I disagree. I think it can help for characterization purposes when a character describes a number. Especially in little kids. Children always seem especially cute to me when they use the word "something." :)
I'm with Ink. Thirty-something means way more than age. It's about lifestyle. Whereas, if the character's age is important enough to mention then it needs to be declared. I also didn't buy the idea of a twenty-somethinger until John Mayer isolated the quarter-life crisis syndrome, but that's another matter.
There is a difference I can assure you- at 21 I wasn't embarrassed to give my age! (27 now...)
I think this labeling is more in the realm of marketing- as opposed to the world of lowly mortals on the street.
It's hipster code word for "What's popular to these degenerates makes us money so let's just put them in one large mass, because as we know everyone is exactly the same" (or so these executives wish...)
(Hey don't you know that vampires are the hottest thing in the teens, "tweens" (pre-teens) and "Twenty somethings demographic??"
See what I mean now?
-C
Twenty-seven-and-a-half would be too specific and weird.*
"Twenty-seven" is no more overly-detailed than hair color or height or any other factual description about the character. Giving a specific age is never distracting. Giving an AGE RANGE, however, either means that someone (character or author) is dealing in generalizations and, most likely, stereotypes. Not good.
* Six-and-a-half, on the other hand, would NOT be too specific or weird, because kids care about that stuff.
Nathan,
I have a totally off-topic question about advances: I know they usually come in two or three payments (signing the deal, publication, etc.), but I was curious about what happens if someone signs a multi-book deal... Do they get a half and a third of the whole deal up front, and then portions for each book later on? Or is it broken up more than that? Don't think I've ever seen it mentioned anywhere.
Admittedly it's a rather optimistic question...
:)
It's a characterisation tool.
"27-year-old Jo" = colourless factual description (we could learn next that Jo is a cavewoman, a marketing exec or a giant tortoise).
"Twentysomething Jo" = characterisation, translating as 'Jo, a contemporary woman who shared and/or was influenced by current cultural norms for people in their mid-20s'.
I voted for specific age, but there is a set of characters that would use those labels.
As writer/authors, we should know the character's specific age. But if the individual's voice calls for that sort of labeling, use it.
It's funny that so many here assume "20-something" means the person is at the higher end of the "something".
I used to fill in forum bios with "Over 3 and under 30", mainly because I didn't like putting specific personal information on the forum. The most common assumption I got from people was 24.
bryan-
It all depends on how it's negotiated and there's wide variation.
I voted no in the poll, but that's a conditional no. Your character should be well-defined. You should give his/her age. All the significant characters in the story, you should provide an actual age for. If your MC is observing someone he's never met and chooses to describe them as "twenty-something" or "thirty-something" when he spots the the person across a crowded room. I'm less bothered by that. Though, even then, a lot of people go with mid-twenties, early twenties, late twenties, to give some idea of more specificity, even when the character would not reasonably be expected to know an exact age.
Twenty-, thirty-, forty-something doesn't bother me, but I just turned plenty-nine again this year...
People really like to be asked their opinions judging from the poll.
There are a few reasons why you could say "twenty something" especially if you're giving the description using a character's viewpoint. It seems to me that you could just as easily guess with "early thirties" or "slightly older than me" or whatever.
It didn't annoy me before, but now it sounds cutesy, and you've given me something else to obsess about. Happy Monday to me. Thanks, Nathan. Oh and go straighten your blinds--they're slightly crooked.
I would say it likely depends, as most things in writing do. If the context is non-specific, such as seeing someone walking down the street, and an exact age has no relevance to the description, saying "twenty-something" gives a general age appearce. When folks see strangers I don't think they typically say to themselves, "that person looks 25." Though I suppose it might be more twentyish than twenty-something. To me, the phrase is fine as a vague, general descriptor, but if the age needs specificity or the age is know, by all means use it.
What RCWritergirl said -- your narrator won't always know exactly how old another character is. Though I usually use stuff like "early twenties/mid-twenties/thirty-ish."
I agree with you, Nathan. So you must be right. Anyway...
There is one exception. I wrote a SF novel a while ago, and this alien race had a unique numerical system. I invented a whole language, like Klingon. Only different.
Twenty-anything = 21
Twenty-everything = 22
Twenty-something = 23
Twenty-nothing = 24
etc...
See?
It does sound like a viable pet peeve. I've been guilty of the feeling myself.
However, my annoyance factor depends on how the -something is used. If there is dialogue and one character is describing another (usually a stranger) as twenty-something, its acceptable.
But if an author is using a persons age in the query or synopsis, or if the character is talking about themselves, then I like them to be specific. Even syaing mid-thirties or late forties doesn't get it for me in those situations.
..........dhole
A 20-something is a 29-year-old who wants everyone to think s/he still is in her/his early 20s.
That's the whole point: honesty up to a point, flattery beyond it.
"Twentysomething" isn't meant to convey an age, it's meant to convey a stage of life. No specific age gets across the type of job, lifestyle, and attitude that "twentysomething" implies. It's like "middle-aged." You only use it for a certain type of person 30-60 years old whether it's technically true for all of them or not.
I like to specify. But somehow my PM deal announcement ended up with a "twentysomething" in it anyway. Therefore, I have left off stressing about it.
In a query, I wouldn't even mention the character's age unless it's important. A 50-year-old going to Europe for the first time is different from a 20-year-old going to Europe for the first time, but a character losing her husband is a character losing her husband. You've only got room for a certain number of details in your query. Pick the ones that count.
I don't think the [something]-something should be used. Either state the specific age, or don't state the age at all. Yes...HUGE difference between a 21 year-old and a 29 year-old, so if that is important to understanding the character, the reader must know.
We would both rather know the age; even the difference between 24 and 27 is huge.
This makes us feel self-conscious because we just created a blog which uses "twenty-something." But we stand by it; "desperate hope" is the same at 21 and 29.
I think there's a difference between "twenty-something" and "fify-something". I'd prefer to read the first over the latter. The first brings a "Friends-ish" image to my mind. The latter makes me think the writer doesn't know how to count.
I think a writer should know everything about their character. Every. Little. Detail. And they shouldn't necessarily include every little detail in their query or pitch but neglecting to specify his or her (or its, for all the paranormal folks) age suggests a dangerous lack of attention to detail. It just doesn't bode well for an author who wants to convey a sense of a fully fleshed-out work.
I agree with those who said the use of "[number]-something" conveys something different than a specific age. It's not used to tell us exactly how old a character is. It's intended to lump him or her into a broad group along with all the perceptions and stereotypes we may have of that group. It doesn't bother me at all if it's used appropriately.
It *is" a cliché. Worse, it's a cliché that brings to mind a television show from the late 80s. So unless a writer is using the term with a specific intent--e.g., characterization, or establishing voice--I'd call it laziness.
I'm going to say it really depends on milieu. In a modern society, yes, everyone tends to know their age to the exact year. But if you're writing in a pre-modern society, particularly in the typical medieval-esque secondary world, that I would be astonished if your character knew how old they were to the exact year. In fact, I'd probably demand an explanation.
In medieval societies as a rule, unless you were waiting to come into an inheritance at a specific age (or your noble parents were anxiously waiting for you to hit 12 - female - or 14 - male - to marry you off) the closest people could recall their actual age was to the nearest decade. Once you were "twenty-something" and definitely past any possible definition of minority, you really didn't care exactly how old you were. Your age wasn't exactly going to help you planting or harvesting your crops....
From a reader's perspective, I'm interested in "20-something" characters - I agree with Tim that the phrase implies a lifestyle - or that the book will deal with the tribulations of "finding yourself" (cliche for a reason!). I suppose one could find a more creative way to express those characteristics though. I kind of like "quarter lifer" - succinct, crisis implied.
I think it all depends on how it is used. As RCWriterGirl mentioned, if a narrator is referring to someone whose specific age they don't know, but they either know, or guess, that it's #-something, it works. It also works as a way to convey insecurity or a stage in life.
However, if I were an agent and ran across queries that said something along the lines of "Julie, a thirty-something housewife...." it would really bother me (not only because it's bland :P). The author should know the character's age, and to toss out a generalization like that without it having a deeper meaning (insecurity, etc.), it seems rather lazy.
What about a third option? Depends on if the character is mentioned in passing or is a main character? If it is just describing what someone looks like and then we do not see them again it would not bother me. If it is the protagonist or antagonist, I think there is a problem.
Depends on the character it's used to describe. For a main character, you need tobe specific. For throwaway characters, however, a general idea may suffice. For example:
"Jack Killer [main character] threaded his way through the crowd of mostly twenty-something, inebriated concert-goers."
Or:
The fifty-something civil war reenactor loading his musket on a haystack went unnoticed, as did the fact that he was not loading it with blanks.
Yes, as in the above examples, the phrase 30-something or 40-something is good when describing a crowd or person of unknown but aapproximate age through the eyes of another character.
All these designations have their use at 1 time or another. There is no such thing as language or phrasing that never has its place. They are all useful in certain situations.
~anonypus
Nathan - This is a bit random but I need to ask you this!!
Is it presumptuous to compare your novel to a NYT bestseeling author?
I've written something which is relatively similiar to two authors. Is it okay to reference this is my query letter - I don't want to sound big-headed, but they are really the only two authors I can semi-closely relate my book to!
Many thanks!
DMO
I think what bothers me more is when people get prejudiced about age.
I mean what is wrong with a forty-five year old man or a sixty-five year old woman as a protagonist. Does every main character have to be seamlessly young and perfect???
And how about a family where every members' age is valuable to the story. The different generations perspectives adding contrast and information to each other.
Also, 17th century twenty-one year old is very different from a 21st century 21 year old.
I hate the "-something" add-on for the same reason I hate when writers describe characters as being similar to movie or t.v. stars. "Hers was a way like Private Benjamin on that eighties t.v. show about the army." "Malcolm spent his days thinking he could be someone more like Magnum P.I." And then they stop. It's as if the assumption being made is that we all know what/who the stars are, so the reference says it all. What actually happens is a kind of lazy, literary short hand, which feels mildly insulting at worst, and generic at best. Just tell me who your characters are, as explicitly as possible, I say.
i think that it depends on who's doing the describing. If you have one character describing another character then how would they possibly be able to know exactly how old the other person was? but they could see if they were somewhere in their twenties. But when the age is being told from some sort of omnicient narration, then yeah, the age should be specifc.
DMO:
It depends how to phrase it. You don't want to see "My book will sell more copies than [NYT bestseller X] or anything remotely like that. You don't even want to say, "My book s is similar to Bestseller's XYZ." It is acceptable, however, to say something along the lines of "Fans of Bestseller XYZ may like My Book," or "My Book is aimed at fans of Bestseller XYZ."
Capiche?
~The Anonymizer
I think it depends. I think good writing can include either type of description and do it well. Many great novels include detailed description about some characters and only quick glimpses of other characters' age and physical appearance. Many novels never even mention the characters' exact ages; it's left to the reader to make an educated guess based on context.
Anon@2:14
Thanks!
DMO
Under FAQ's somewhere in this blog, the answer to Question #1 should be:
IT DEPENDS!
That's the answer to 90% of the questions on these writing blogs. The mere fact that the question is being asked is, in many cases, indicative of a certain lack of understanding about the craft and/or business of writing.
IT DEPENDS!
~Anonypalooza
I think whether or not a character’s exact age should be specified depends on 1) its relevance to the story and 2) who is revealing the character’s age.
If one character is guessing another character's age, then "twenty-something" is fine. However, if the omniscient narrator is describing a character, I think the character’s age should be exact.
It's a POV type thang!
~Anonymosaurus
I think a lot of it depends on the type of book you're writing. I don't know many people who walk down the road and say "Huh, that's a really cute 26 year old. It must suck having Virgo with Leo rising as her sign. I wonder how in the hell she got all 168 pounds of her in those size 10 jeans!"
My point is, the average person typically doesn't know those kinds of details about a person--or in this case, character. So why should our stories? Unless those details are important, I'm content to just leave them vague.
Now, on the flip side, I do flush out all those details in character bios for every major character in my books. You may never know that "Hero X" is 28 years old or 165 pounds, but knowing that information from the author's perspective can help create continuity in the writing.
To me, twenty-something - or forty-something or whatever-something means more of a state-of-mind than a year of birth. It's a generality because the exact age doesn't matter as much as the stereotype. The number is precise but the meaning is missing.
Ii only think it matters when the character is in a YA novel -- there is a huge, huge difference in a 14 year-old than a 17 year-old.
There's not that much difference between a 25 year-old and a 27 year-old, is there?
I found that in the middle of decades, I frequently forgot what my actual age was. 34? 36? No, probably 35. (Wait, what year is it?) Doing the math was no good either because I could never remember whether you add one or not if the date is after your birthday... or... oh, bother.
Question for you, Nathan: Does "mid 30s" bother you more, less, or the same as "thirty-something"?
I think I will have to create a character I can introduce as a forty-six year old twenty-something.
Something bothers me about this argument, it’s too black and white. “She is 40 something” is too vague and “Whitman was 37…” is too specific. I am an author/illustrator for picture books and dabble with middle-grade and YA. I would never tell my character’s age, I would show it with my pictures. Words are merely pictures drawn in type.
For instance:
“Cassy dreaded giving dad her report card, fifth grade math was just too hard.” Character is 8 or 9.
“Kevin left early enough to utilize his newly acquired milestone, today he was old enough to vote.” Kevin is 18.
“With her new BFA degree in her hand and 16 straight years of schooling behind her, Melinda could finally say good-bye to homework.” 12 years of public school and four years of college Melinda is mostly likely around 22 years old.
“George hated the day he got his AARP card…” George must be over 50 and finally, if someone celebrates their 50th wedding anniversary they are most likely over 70.
Show don’t tell.
To me, age is a lot like hair or eye color. It's information I can usually do without.
Besides, there are many indirect ways to indicate age, the way people walk and talk, things they remember and what they relate to. Somebody who remembers an embarrassing situation from high-school hasn't been out of it for a long time.
I will accept every way to describe an age range if it's helpful. That "twenty-something" has become your pet peeve, Nathan, tells me something else: It's becoming a cliché, and that alone is a good reason to avoid it.
I've got a "teen-something" book I'm working on :)
I don't like the "xx-something" for the reasons Nathan stated.
But I'm writing in first person, and sometimes my protagonist doesn't know the other character's age.
So while describing someone, he might say, "mid-twenties or early- or late-twenties, or even preppy boy. Or, "She admits to thirty-two but I think it's been a while since she's seen forty." That sort of thing.
I tend to use decimals when I state a character's age - 26.2 yrs. old, 84.25 years old, etc.
Actually, I'm just kidding.
Or am I?
Twenty-something (etc.) is a term that should come from a character, not from the author. I know my main character is twenty-two. Someone passing him on the street may only be able to peg him as in his twenties, and might use "twenty-something" to describe him.
I also think it's got specific connotations. A twenty-something, to me, is someone (in their twenties) who hasn't quite figured out who they are yet and is still living something of a student lifestyle.
The value of some often-repeated quotes would drop if the authors had been less specific.
Here are examples where the use of "something" would change everything:
"It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to open one's mouth and remove [something]." -Abraham Lincoln
"I have a dream that some day [something] will happen." -Martin Luther King
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is [something]." -Mae West
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at [something]." -Oscar Wilde
"Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting [something]." -Albert Eienstein
I don't mind (number)-something at all. Unless the specific age is crucial to the character or plot, an age bracket works fine for me.
The author should know exactly how old the characters are, but that doesn't mean the reader needs to know.
I'm usually specific with ages in my stories, and when I am vague, it's only to the extent of "early twenties", "mid-thirties", etc. A range of 3-4 years instead of a decade, to give some idea of where the character is in life (assuming they synch up to the established stereotypes) and I don't think it'd help the story to be more specific. As you said, there's a big difference between a 21-year-old and a 29-year-old. I'm 25 and I'm a vastly different person than I was at 21, and that's with only four more years of life experience.
Age isn't that important to me, though; I prefer to use instances in the characters' lives to show their approximate age.
If a character says "twenty or thirty etc.-something", and that is something they would say, then I think it's appropriate. If it is a narrative description, from the POV character, I think it is better to say. "She appeared to be in her thirties," or better yet, "She appeared to be in her early/mid/late thirties, as your POV character in third person is summing up their initial impressions. Twenty-something isn't as much a statement of age as it is a generalized view of a type of person. I wouldn't use it as description.
I think some use it to convey attitude rather than age. A 'something' is a bit more hip, a little edgy, more with it, if you will. I also think it's primarily a west coast thing just like we Californians tend to pin hours down to 7-ish, 8-ish, etcetera. So, Nathan, that's the vote from the laid back Southern end of the state.
I voted "doesn't bother me," but that's only if there is a reason to be vague about the age. Always have a reason.
"Thirty-something" of course brings to mind the television program and could be used to conjure a certain character type...other than that - tell me the age already!
To me, it's become such a cliche and a crutch to describe a character that "refuses to be defined by age" that it just feels lazy now.
It bothers me if a writer uses it because they don't know the age of their character. But within the body of a story I'm assuming that the phrase was used intentionally and the writer understands that the reader could draw varying conclusions from the phrase based on their own ----something age.
and @HypatiaKant, I think the quote attributed to Abraham Lincoln should be Mark Twain.
When I mention age in my writing, I'm always specific. Twenty something is too vague in a novel.
Of course, in my writer's profile on my blog I state my age as "twenty something"...:P I guess I figure in real life no one really gives a care about how old I am; at this point in life most people think I'm about five years younger than I really am. But I'm not complaining :)
LOL, and after reading all these comments, I'm seeing that people think using the "something" is characteristic of an edgy and hip person. I never really thought saying you're twenty something, thirty something, etc. meant that.
In that case I'd better go change my info on my blog--I'm the farthest thing from edgy!
I think it depends more on the characters, just like people. Some folks don't mind telling you their age (I'm one of them), and others would rather you not know.
In books, I kind of look at it the same way. If it's the Stephanie Plum series, well, the characters don't age. But, in other series they do so it seems to be needed more. In standalones, it seems more of a moot point to me.
Unless it comes across naturally, (as in, someone asking how old they are or it being written in an article or similar) being introduced to a character and being told precisely how old they are (for example, coming right out of my head) 'Joe, 27 and a farmer' is weird. Generally, in well-written things, it's not hard to tell how old a character is. By their dress, their language, their description, their occupation. I don't need specifics.
But I do hate the expression '*-something'. If it's not important enough I know the character's exact age, it probably isn't important enough I know their approximate age. And it's a completely false expression. Nowhere in real life would I introduce myself or be introduced to by others as a 'twenty-something'. It's a cliche of writing and it makes me grind my teeth a little when I see it.
MY readers are going to learn things much more personal than my character's age, so i think they must know that too. It makes a difference in many ways. for example: At eighteen Jane had never been kissed or, At forty two Jane had never been kissed.
Poor Jane...
If one character is estimating another character's age, that doesn't bother me. Age can be hard to guess.
However, I am 29 now and definitely agree with your assessment of the difference between 21-29.
"The thirty-four-year-old initiate gazed down at the human skull cradled in his palms."
(Opening line from THE LOST SYMBOL)
~Anonymonopeia
CORRECTION:
it's not the opening line, but it's in the beginning.
~Anonymonopeia
Can I get a ruling on polls that don't have don't have my answer? ;^)
Just kidding, but age should be important in a novel. If it's too general, than we're being forced to assume the characters are basic archetypes and therefore it's more of a plot-driven genre yarn. Which is fine, but that could be a problem if that's not what the author is writing.
"Just this side of 25" or "barely into her thirties" says a little more without being overly specific. I would guess that most shorthand it for query purposes, not realizing they're watering anything down.
First, I belive that a pet peeve is that final line of defense from going insane. Write the age of the character for specificity or count the number of times you tie your shoes and go insane. For me, I wear shoes without laces unless I am attending a 40 something formal affair...oops!
Bah, I've got a clear ruling on "no comment edit function". :^P
"The thirty-four-year-old initiate gazed down at the human skull cradled in his palms."
Geez, I just can't get over that sentence. That is high art! isn't that xactly the kind of thing every MFA wishes they could write? That THESE are the types of sentences you need to write in order to capture th collective imagination of America (and the world's) reading public?!
Wowza!
I think it depends on who you're talking about. If its the main character, then of course you should know their age. But if its someone the character is describng (whose age they don;t know) or a minor character, then -something is all right.
Twenty-something (et alia) ... ugh! If you can't give a real age (TMI?), what's wrong with "late twenties" or similar? It's more precise and doesn't sound so much like the idiom current a decade ago.
It's just a piffle our pernicious language. As everyone who's ever sweated a spelling bee knows, we already have the following horrendously hard to spell words:
quadragenarian - 40 - 49 years
quinquagenarian - 50 and 59 years
sexagenarian - 60 and 69 years
septuagenarian - 70 and 79 years
octogenarian - 80 and 89 years
nonagenarian - 90 and 99 years
Since that's incomplete, all we need to do is consult our handy list of Greek prefixes to coin some fresh new hard to spell words.
Thus, twenty-something = icosagenarian
thirty-something = tricontagenarian
... and the highly useful ten-something = decagenarian
That help?
I can't agree more! It's like when someone states that a "Number" of ants moved in and stole the picnic. How many ants is a "number?" One is a number, so is ten billion. Be more specific, please.
On the other hand, if the author is talking about a group of people, it doesn't bother me. Like if they're talking about a dance club populated by an age range from 21 to 29, then I think the term is okay... but only in group context.
I'd vote for neither. Unless I'm reading YA, I really don't care how old the characters are, either specifically or non-specifically. I should hopefully get an impression in fairly short order whether the character is youngish, youngish but old enough to do just about anything, in middle years, been around for more than a handful of decades, or ready for the home. Even narrowing it down to a decade is more information than I care about.
I agree - state the age. Not that I'll discard a book automatically if that info isn't there. But certain ages are indicative of often specific life events. For instance, I write romance, and if a character is 25, and she's still a virgin - now that I'll throw across the room. Not remotely believable, IMO.
If she's 25 and debating whether or not to finish grad school, I'm right there with her. Stating a specific age can be a great way to get across characterization.
This has the stench of pop-sociology and is something up with which I will not put!
Even worse: child of the name-the-foul-decade-of-your-weaning.
It depends. If we're experiencing a scene from a character's point of view, then knowing that character's age is cool -- they, presumably, know their own age, and so we too should have access to it.
If, on the other hand, it's someone else the POV character runs into, well, the POV character wouldn't necessarily know the other person's age, so being too specific might be jarring. I recently read a thriller in which the POV character ran into a boy of fourteen -- his age repeated half a dozen times -- and it bothered me: how does he know how old the kid is?
I am specific about age when it comes to characters I write about. I tend to write mainly middle grade and YA, and I think at those ages specifics are important. Remember when someone asked your age back then and you said '9 1/2' or '11 and 9 months'?
I like to know how old a character is when I'm reading too. But if we are talking about real life..at some point we are allowed to be vague...or even lie.
I'm probably not the only person to post this but I'm namowrimo planning and feeling more }:( than :) with no time to read everyone else's thoughts.
I think the usual rule applies: reveal the age, fairly early on, rather than state it.
WORD VERIFICATION: consol - Star Trek-ian images abound!
If a real person says (insert number)-something, I get it. I don't wish to push the subject of their age. But for characters in books, yeah, need to know the age so that I can identify with them.
:)
G.
What if a character's name isn't supposed to be revealed till later on in the novel due to undercover-ness (fully aware that isn't a word) ??? Jw. . .Thanks.
Ya know what?
I don't often know the age of my friends or colleagues. And I've always been terrible at guessing. So if I can peg it down to 20's, 30's or 40s, I'm happy with that. If a narrator does the same thing, I can really identify with that.
Unless the age really matters to the story, I think twenty-something is fine.
More appropriate if you're talking about a group of characters that are near the same age, but not exactly the same age. And okay if the main character is describing another character known only vaguely. But the main character should have an exact age.
Of course, until two months ago, I was 29 and didn't object to being twenty-something. :-) I am not ready to embrace thirty-something.
If it's used to give information about the character -- ie. he/she is the type who would never give his/her true age, relying instead on a cliche he/she thinks makes him/her (jeesh this gets tiring...) seem sophisticated and cavalier, then it makes sense. Otherwise, yes, seems lazy. Or cliche. Or both..
~Anonymonopoeia
I like giving specific ages for main characters. One of the things I've learned over the years from reviews (we all learn from reviewers, all of them) is that readers like details and you have to be careful about what you, as the writer, assume.
But if it's a throw away character, I'd probably just say in his or her early or late twenties, without being too specific.
It seems to me that it's a visual thing. You can look as someone and say "I don't know. Twenty-something?" but for books, know the friggin' age... unless the protag is looking at someone.
I agree with Chuck H., if you don't want to be specific for fear that it will distract the reader into wondering, "why 26 instead of 25 or 27?", then just use 'early', 'mid' or 'late'.
The use of _______-something just makes me think the person is lazy or doesn't care enough about the reaers to allow them to form some kind of picture in their head.
Besides, I hated that sitcom.
Seems to me that specifying age might be a matter of perspective. I agree that the *writer* should know the age of their characters, but if you're writing from the POV of someone else then they might need to talk in vaguer terms. How would you describe the age of someone you didn't know?
Agreed also that too specific can be unnecessarily distracting. But for me, early/mid/late twenties gets around that and works far better.
Final thought though. I think that "twenty-something" could be intended to convey more than just age. I think this kind of term is intended to convey a *type* of person, or more probably a stereotype, usually with slightly condescending overtones. If it's used deliberately in that sense rather than just from laziness then I see no problem with it.
I've always assumed the use of the "-something" is to indicate someone uncomfortable with just stating their age. Therefore, I've also assumed it was someone in their late 20s, 30s, 40s, etc. Regardless, I do think it's way overused and it always makes me mentally flinch when I see it.
Personally, I like to know specific ages. But sometimes it is appropriate for the book to be vague, as so many people have pointed out, and when it's done properly, I don't mind it.
And Jael stated "A 50-year-old going to Europe for the first time is different from a 20-year-old going to Europe for the first time, but a character losing her husband is a character losing her husband."
I would have to disagree - a woman losing her husband at 25 is very different from a woman losing her husband at 75. Whole different outlook on death, whole different set of life circumstances. Age ALWAYS matters.
To me a protagiont's age is important. From that the reader can determine a level of maturity and wisdom. It becomes easier to identify with them. After all, making our main character identifiable and likeable is the foundation of a work.
Maybe if it is a minor character that the non-omniscient MC is observing, the number-something age would be appropriate since it is obviously a guess.
Personally, I read "twenty-something" as having a different connotation than, say, "twenty-seven."
"Twenty-something" says "this person is in that period between graduating from college and becoming a Real Grownup." It conveys a sense of being a bit adrift and between identities. I also tend to think of being "twenty-something" as a hipster thing, but that might just be because I know a lot of twenty-something hipsters.
"Twenty-seven," on the other hand, means, well, twenty-seven.
For example, I'm twenty-three, but I don't think anyone who knows me would describe me as "twenty-something." I've begun my career, I'm about to get married, and I'm house-hunting--my pretensions of not being a grownup yet were repossessed sometime in May. Meanwhile I have friends a few years older than me who are working retail, volunteering, or pursuing degrees, and are still unsure what they want to be when they grow up--and they describe themselves as "twenty-something."
(None of which is to say that I think being "twenty-something" is a bad thing at all. It's nice to live in a world where you can choose to spend several years figuring yourself out post-college. A combination of wild luck and hefty student loans just sent me off a different way).
This sort of generalizing began after the popularity (or not) of the Thirty-something TV show which appeared in the 1980s.
It gives the impression that the age of the character isn't important to the writer, or to the story. It could also be a Gen-X attribute.
I prefer knowing the specific age of the character.
I voted yes, but I was actually in the middle. It depends on the character, the content, and the decade-something. While there is a whole lot of difference between 21 and 29, there isn't that much difference between 41 and 49. It doesn't start being a big difference until people get into their 70's when there is a difference between being 71 and 79.
My guess is that you're reading a whole lot more stories with characters that are twenty-something instead of forty-something, and thus your aggravation is understandable.
I say tell the age of the characters unless there is a need for being vague, and then find a creative way of being vague rather than "something."
"thing" is sends me screaming anyway. Just what is a "thing?" Something or nothing, maybe just about anything or everything is still a thing. It is much like the word, "stuff."
I think it really depends. Whose POV are you in? If you're in the character's POV she knows how old she is so let the reader know. If your POV character is assessing someone else, and their age is important to the story or setting the scene, then I would describe the age as my character would. Some characters WOULD think "twenty-something." Some characters would be more specific, "She looked thirty, but her gray roots suggested closer to forty." And if a witness is giving a description to the police, they're not going to be specific. "The robber was older than you," he said. Or "He looked about forty give or take." Or "How should I know? It happened so fast. Twenty? Thirty? Probably thirty-something."
I'm with those who like specificity. If you have a character that is very old but who looks young (e.g. vampire, anti-aging, etc.), then of course I want to know what age they appear, and then early-20's or late-30's might be okay. Even then I prefer something like, "Though Alice had wondered the earth for 327 years, she looked not a day over 35."
I think it is alright to say the character is twenty-something when your just describing the book to someone. In the book though, the real age should be reviled.
But it's not as annoying as saying someone is, "67 years young."
That gives me the creeps.
I figure the choice of phrasing shows the person's attitude. "Twenty-something" suggests a, "Meh, it's just a number" attitude more than someone specifically noting that they're twenty-seven.
But I can definitely see how the term is vague and potentially annoying. If you're giving information, then give it, am I right?
What about someone who says they're "17 and holding" or "Forever 21" (as opposed to just shopping there :-P )or "Trying 29... again." or "39 going on 16"
There are lots of ways to show someone who's older and holding onto their younger years.
It doesn't bother me. I usually give my characters ages. On occasion, if I have another character describe a lesser charater, he or she might end up "in their thirties" etc...
I think it's important to know the main characters ages, but if the main character is describing someone they just met, I think it's okay to say he was about thirty, or she was in her early thirties.
Why not say 'early', 'mid', or 'late' 20's, 30's, etc.?
One year i called myself the wrong age for an entire year, then I was too embarrassed to say my age (the same age i said all of the previous year!!), so i say 40-something. It doesn't bother me at all to read the Number-somethings.
There are other things that bother me much more than that.
Because of the TV show Thirty Something, whenever I hear an age followed by something, it sounds dated to me. Maybe "ish" should be the new something. Thirty-ish. It's also not specific but it's much more fun to say. Ish. Ish. Ish.
affbet--it may be accurate, but if you call a 30-year old woman "middle aged" you'll put yourself in danger of losing a part of your anatomy. Just a friendly heads-up.
I agree with other posters who say "#-something" is a cliche, but it's a useful cliche in setting a breezy, girly contemporary tone.
But if you're describing a bunch of Spartan warriors, Dwarf lords, or Zombies I'd say it's a mistake. Unless you're going for humor. Chick Lit zombie-Spartan romances anybody?
Reisa--I'm 100% with you on "67 years young". It's like "gone home to be with the Lord" instead of "dead."
Nathan, your too cute.
Just say it but just don't ask me.
As a general rule when reading, I don't care for variants of some nor seem nor sort of nor kind of, etc. Somehow is especially odious. Their usages as indeterminant modifiers throw me right out of a story.
In a dramatically meaningful context, it seems perhaps a wishy-washy or hedging character's vague meaning space might somehow characterize the character in a way related to some central dramatic putpose.
But, by and large, indeterminant modifiers are at the peripheral edges of ideas and sort of seem like, you know, kind of shyly missing the mark somehow with lame writing.
Umpty-something years old? Such-and-such-something years old? Weak meaning space grasp that disrupts the reading spell with unnamed or nonspecific meaning.
It seems that in the books that I read most characters are somewhere around late twenties or thirties. Honestly, I don't really care one way or the other. I've read books with younger and older protagonists and it's never been a turn off one way or the other. I don't really see what the point is of mentioning age at all unless it's a major factor in the story.
I think that everybody knows the age of their character, and if they don't then maybe they should spend some more time with them. And if you know the age, why not just tell us?
I think it depends on the style and tone of the book. Giving an age of XXX-something makes me think the character doesn't want anyone knowing their age. The why depends on which something. Twenty-something and they might not like people to know how young they are, forty-something and they don't want people to know how old they are. Sensitivity to age makes me, as a reader, want to know why they're insecure about their age.
When I see the something phrase in regard to age, I, as a writer, suspect that the author is shirking the task of keeping up with the details, thus the author chooses to play it safe. That alone could make me put down a book in favor of my ever-growing stack of books to read.
I would have to think it would have to do with PoV and context in which it was said, or written as it were.
If the main character is stating their own age, perhaps in a monologue or mentally, like "What have I done with the twenty-something years of my life?", than yah it is weird. But say the PoV character is looking over at a crowd of people and spots a young woman and thinks that she was a "Fine piece of twenty-something architecture" than I think that would be perfectly acceptable. It would seem stranger if the character made a direct reference to a specific age without a relationship existing between them in one form or another.
It wouldn't really bother me to see it in a book, BUT if I did see it, I would automatically assume the book was chick-lit, even if it wasn't. There's just something about the 'something' that makes me think of Sex and the City and other such shows and books.
I'm thirty-something, which sounds ancient by some standards. But truly, I'm early thirties. Late thirties conjures up images of sagging and wrinkling (I can say that, I'll be there in a few years), but thirty-two? Now that sounds young and firm...um, right?
If it's an ancillary character, twenty- or thirty-something is no biggie to me. But if it's a character we'll see over and over, give him or her an age for the love...
The older I get, the more I realize just how much of a difference there is between 21 and 25, between 24 and 27. The occasional person defies the standards of her or his age, but overall, the number tells me a LOT about that person's mental and emotional maturity. Numbers matter.
In the novel I'm currently attempting, my protagonist begins as a high school freshman, so it is entirely relevant that she is 14. Her dad, on the other hand, is of indeterminate age, except that we know he served in Desert Storm. I could figure out an age for him if one were needed, but I really don't care, and I don't see why the reader should.
-Steve
By that reckoning you HAVE to hate the terms "in their Twenties/Thirties/Forties", "Middle Aged" and "teenager" as well for their similar generality.
I've got no problem with people disliking the term (though I think giving more than 1 character a specific age sounds like you're reading a player profile from a football managment game) you've got to lump the whole lot together to avoid being a hypocrite
I always assumed it alluded to the end of the decade in question, as in "twenty-something" really meant "pushing thirty".
I have occasionally used that phrase if one of my characters is describing another person whom they do not yet know. The basic idea is that from looking at them they have a rough idea how old they are, but do not know their exact age yet. The xxx-something phrase reflects that uncertainty quite nicely and is refreshingly different than using "Mr. T appeared to be around fifty years old." all the time...
I'm having a hard time writing what I REALLY want my character's age to be, 38, because I'm told that (and this is really revealing my inner dream and sense of optimism) younger actresses looking for good movie roles, including those in their early 40s, won't accept a role where the character is over 30. !?! I know! Of course there's Cate Winslet who's taking roles decades older than herself, but that is rare. there seems to be a 40 year old cut off for top actresses, until they reach the Susan Sarandon, Meryl Streep stratisphere.
Any comments on how to determine a character's age based on how you view the FILM(!) ?
How come no one is pointing this one out yet? I don't intend to start a gender war her, but the term 'something' associated with age was created by women.
As you said, Nathan. There's a big difference between 21 and 29. Think of the bigger difference between 41 and 49.
:)
When a police officer in a crime story does profiling, they bundle up victims or wanted criminals in certain age groups, hence the 'something'.
A writer has to be clear of his character's age, true. But the character can choose to be specific or not about her age depending on whether or not she wants to be mysterious and alluring.
It depends. If it's a major character, I'd like an age, or even a 'late-twenties' or 'early forties'.
With walk-ons, I'm okay with '-something'.
I'm sort of on the side of the more important the character (or scene or object), the more detail I expect. For walkons, I don't care if the dogwalker is 20-something and carrying a cup of coffee. I don't need to know if it's Starbucks or McD's. If we're expected to meet the dogwalker, then we need an age and a brand of coffee.
I'm not so much bothered by the lack of specificity--what bothers me about "thirty-something" etc. is that it sounds so trite. It's a cliché, and by ascribing it to your character, it makes him or her a cliché, too. Real people are not thirty-somethings or twenty-somethings, but caricatures are.
I think it makes the reader feel like the character is ashamed of his age. If you don't say the real age you wonder why that's the case. Just my opinion...
I would only use it for groups, as in, "A cluster of twenty-somethings stood by the bar complaining about their jobs."
The real answer is, of course, "It depends."
A strong writer who is otherwise selecting words (especially verbs) carefully, can use that bit of vaguery to great effect.
It's a problem when the rest of the writing is also vague and non-specific.
In a sea of specific, a non-specific descriptor can 1) (ironically) stand out or 2) provide a subtle reinforcement of more descriptive statements nearby.
There's cultural information packed inside that phrase. The challenge is to understand the additional meaning so that the phrase is used with deliberate intent and not merely because it was the first thing to leap to mind.
So really, it depends. And I would also add that if you are noticing and are irritated by the use, then it's probably not well done.
taken out of context, it doesn't bother me, perhaps in the mismatched wardrobe of poor writing it would be the glaring sight of a tee shirt tucked into boxers.
Just an after thought. How do you feel about people who say things (as I occasionally do) such as "I recently celebrated the twenty fourth anniversary of my thirty ninth birthday"?
I would say that if a character is defining him or herself or another character as decade-something, it makes sense. If the author gives the age of a main character in those terms, then it doesn't.
There isn't always a huge difference between a 21 year old and a 29 year old. Often, for sure, but I'd think that if the author is saying twenty-something, they're saying the character's age isn't something they want to define that character. I would argue it's like leaving out the character's height and weight; sometimes they're important for the story, but often, they're just not.
I think it depends on the circumstances in the story, and the tone of the book. If the story's being told from the POV of a character who would use that expression, then it's appropriate. Saying either "Yes, you can do that whenever you want" or "No, you can never do that" is massive oversimplification.
Angie
I agree with Flemmily. I tend to think it means at the older end of the decade mentioned. It implies a caution about telling your age, so the character must have a certain need to be vague about his/her age. Or if the story's setting were, say, in a bureaucratic office with the twenty-somethings being the singles connected to a singles scene after work and the thirty-somethings were the getting married and beginning families crowd, and the forty-somethings were multitasking away their existences between carpooling kids and being involved in extremely competitive careers and the fifty-somethings were struggling with fitness issues, etc. Then the use of it would pigeon hole the author's character into a type not just an age.
"Twenty-something, (etc.)" seems more like a casting thing for movies or tv.
It is all about perception. How does the woman/man/child/alien/vampire,etc
look to the other character(s)?
Where it becomes trickiest, for me anyway, is when there is an age progression. The movement from childhood to adulthood so that, um different things can happen while retaining the personality of the character is challenging.
So I think, eighteen may be too young for some activities, twenty-one may still be too young. Twenty-four or twenty-five moreso, twenty-eight is good for the man but the woman should be twenty-four.But then again, where (????) were they between eighteen and twenty-one?
(I could pull my own hair out.)
So the basic question remains: how important is defining just exactly what age that is? It might affect different readers differently. It also might just clutter up the writing, all those factoids. Once they are um of age they are no longer without the right gear.
I also think that "Thirteen Moons" is just Excellent in age progression, as an example. And he is very specific.
I think it works well for plurals.
Two thirty-something women.
I mean, what are you going to say? Karla is thirty-two and Samantha is thirty-four.
It doesn't bother me, although I think it's the best fit for light fiction.
Nathan, it depends on where the phrase is. In one of my novels, a character assesses another character as "twenty-something" because he cannot know the actual age. Yes, he could also say "in her twenties," but if the quicker phrase communicates, why not?
Prescience or insanity?
It can't be both?
Ha. I'm joking. I don't even know what that means, I just thought it'd be fun to say.
I think if I were reading queries, this would bother me. I'd be trying to quickly get a detailed sense of the story. Not knowing the age would keep things vague. Also, I'd wonder how well the author knows his own MC, if he doesn't even know their age. Or if he was just trying to be clever, which would probably be irritating after the 5,639th query.
In a book - I pretty much agree with what people said - it depends on the author's intent. It could be used well, or used poorly.
In the same vein, would it be ok in a story/query to refer to your protags as "college-aged kids"? Or should you be like "College Kid A is 19, College Kid B is also 19, but looks 5."
Idk, I try not to put ages exactly into the text, but giving their age an approximation by saying that they are juniors at university.
I understand your point, Nathan. I mean a 21-year-old is far different than a 29-year-old, but it doesn't bother me that much. For one thing, even 21-year-olds are different from one another. I've known mature ones that seemed to be in their thirties, and I've known not-so-mature ones that don't seem out of their teen years yet. I figure the dialogue and action will tell me more than a specific age.
Of course, I don't see such expressions as often as you do, I imagine. :-)
I should clarify, however, that I always give specific ages in my writing.
Posting a comment to this as it is the latest entry, but I have a question about a previous post regarding writing a manuscript.
Nathan, you talk about having page numbers on every page except chapter pages, but I'm using Word, so, does anyone know how I can do this? Have tried going through page setup and header/footer setup, but no joy.
btw, writing my FIRST DRAFT of my FIRST NOVEL, woohoo!
oh, and, I agree with using thirty-something, but not twenty-something. When people are between the ages of 27 and 37 - they are at that stage where it'd be impossible to guess their age - that's what i think anyways.
Cheers
The more I write, the more I see that firm detail is very important. The best advice I've taken and not give at every opportunity is "a thing either 'is' or 'is not'" So in this instance, a character is either 27 or 30 or 10.
I really like Kate Higgins' suggestion, to indicate characters ages through milestones.
My book's main characters are a 32-year-old man and a 29-year-old woman, who both put their careers ahead of relationships and have been dating for three months when the plot starts.
I find myself counting backwards to make sure I know how many years ago they were at various points in their lives, and I guess that people who create vital characters of indeterminate age don't want to have to do this.
I pretty much agree with all your comments. At least say "early, mid-, or late twenties." That narrows it down somewhat.
But I also think in some novels it's more important than others. Adult novels don't seem to rely quite as much on age to tell the story. However, children's and YA literature are all based around the development at a specific age, so tell what age that is.
One of the first things I come up with when I start developing a character is his/her exact age.
Or you could say mid-twenties or late-twenties if you didn't want to be too specific. It's a compromise.
I'm 26, and I refuse to be a 'twenty-something'. I will refuse to be a thirty-something etc, and my forty-something other half is 47 next week. If you're not going to be specific, why even give an age.
I know vampires have been mentioned, but I don't agree that decade generalisation is acceptable even in this circumstance. Over a hundred years old, yes. One-hundred-and-fifty-something, no. It's a waste of time on the part of the reader and the writer.
This is the only page on the internet on which the word "Anonymonopoeia" appears.
In the final years before I hit the big 4-0, I would usually refer to myself as being "thirty-mumble." Now I can say I've "just passed the forty mark" - for, ooh, at least the next two or three years... before making use of the "mumble" suffix again ;^)
In my current w-i-p my MC doesn't know her own age or those of anyone around her, so she makes guesses based on observation. I've always had her say things like "in his mid-twenties" or "about thirty" though. I would NEVER use the '-something' phrase, because - well, I suppose I just don't write about the kind of people who would talk like that...Free
Nebula Keyboard Theme & Emoji
New
by Art Dev
An awesome way to turn a plain keyboard into a beautiful and unique one.
It is totally <b>free</b> and only for <b>GO K …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 4.53 (467)
Free
Nauka słówek JaViem
by Systemy Wspomagania Nauczania
Ucz się słówek ze swojego telefonu. Korzystaj z podręcznych testów za darmo z każdego miejsca na świecie - nie musisz ju …
100+ downloads, Rating 3.00 (3)
$2.97
Dr. Panda's Restaurant 2
by Dr. Panda Ltd
Best Educational App in more than 50 countries
- 5/5 Smart App for Kids
- 5/5 Top Best App for Kids
“You absolutely do n …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 4.24 (2023)
Free
Sk Usernames - For Skype
by Man Le Van
There is no requirement to sign up, if you want to just browse then that's cool. If you want to join the community just …
5,000+ downloads, Rating 3.47 (60)
Free
Car Builder 3 Mad Race
by TutoTOONS
New super fun car building challenge is ON! Crash cars with MONSTER TRUCK, build a TANK and fight on the battlefield, ju …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 3.80 (74)
Free
CeSaVezi in Romania Map
by Proactive HR Profile
CeSaVezi map of Romania is your pocket guide to all the attractions, accommodations, bars and restaurants.
You only ne …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 4.08 (416)
Free
GPS Route Simulator
by Fernando F. Gallego
Are you tired of developing location aware apps and having to program your own GPS simulator? Do you want to cheat on fo …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 3.42 (383)
Free
Nu-Heat Neo
by Nu-Heat UK Ltd
Nu-Heat Neo lets you control your Underfloor Heating from Anywhere.
It's the most convenient method of controlling your …
50+ downloads, Rating 0.00 (0)
Free
Steroid Converter
by MissingTech S.r.l.
Steroid Converter is a powerful tool for converting steroids. The calculations are based on a common table used in medic …
10,000+ downloads, Rating 4.20 (60)
)Teachers and Parents.
PARENTS- Instill a sense of wonder in your child about animals and the environment with our fabulous entertaining and educational programs.
SCOUTS- Inspire your scouts to learn about nature, animals and stewardship
LIBRARIES- Motivate your visitors to read more about the world of animals and nature by inviting the Zoomobile into your library.
JUST 4 TEENS:- Motivate teens to become stewards of the wild while exploring Zoo life.
ASSISTED LIVING / SPECIAL NEEDS PROGRAMS- Offer your guests a truly wild experience with a visit from our Zoomobile.
Please call our Education Department at 203-394-6563Mom.” I guess I should be upset about that, but I don’t really care if he reads them. Don’t get me wrong. I adore my husband. He truly is the love of my life, and after kissing many frogs, I really did find my prince. That being said, sometimes he annoys the hell out of me. I know I annoy him sometimes too. You know the look…the one where you can tell that they are thinking, “why did I marry this person?” He has some annoying habits…kind of a slob, tends to be late, walks all over the house in muddy work boots, and can’t have a serious moment. I wouldn’t trade him for the world…he is a loving, caring husband who accepts my flaws and still finds them funny. He is the most wonderful Dad, who lives for his kids, and hugs and kisses them, bathes them and reads bedtime stories to them. Please don’t tell him I said anything nice about him…it will go to his head!Mumbai, Dec 10:
Larsen and Toubro’s Managing Director and CEO K. Venkataramanan has sold 2,000 shares of the infrastructure major for about Rs 33.48 lakh.
The company in a BSE filing said that Venkataramanan sold 2,000 shares of the company on November 30 for about Rs 33.48 lakh, thereby reducing his stake by a notch to 0.094 per cent or 5,80,419 shares of Rs 2 each.
Before the share sale, he had 5,82,419 shares in L&T or 0.095 per cent stake.
L&T shares were trading at Rs 1,661.80 apiece on the BSE, down 0.64 per cent from the previous close.
For Spring ‘15 Alice was inspired by a photography book she found at Portobello Market, which influenced a crisp, fresher feel with a graphic look in its details and patterning. Seydou Keita could 'electrify' a picture by mixing multiple and clashing geometrics within one photograph. Keita was also fascinated with the idea of ornamentation, an aesthetic similar to that of Alice’s. These photographs heavily inspired the textile design of the collection, with fabrics including jacquards, appliqué and broderie anglaise delicately executed with a feminine and fresh approach.
Ebinezer / Blog
Things your grandmamma dont want you to do.
Who are we kidding? Yo grandmamma loves us too!
Reply
Things yo mamma dont want you to do.
Listen to Ebinezer. Aww who are we kidding. Yo momma loves us too.
Reply
August 10th
Rockin out Joes Grotto in August. Hella stoked to be playing on the Grotto stage for the first time in my musical career. Gonna be a blast most definately!
Reply
Rock Bottom
You ever hit rock bottom? You ever fallen from grace? You ever had a she-devil steal the smile from your face? I know 'cuz I been there and it's still hurting me to this day. She ever lie through her teeth just to get what she need? She ever smiled in your face when you find out she cheats? I know 'cuz I been there. And it's still hurting me. You ever had to defend your family and your so-called friends when they drag your name through the dirt and back again? I know 'cuz I been there and it's still hurtin me to this day. Does your body ever fiend for the woman you hate? The one you once loved? I don't want to make the same mistake. I know 'cuz I been there. And it's still hurtin me to this day. If everything that you love was ever taken away, would you talk to the devil? Would you sign your own name? I know 'cuz I been there and I know I'll never be the same.
Reply
Down the Same Damn Road
Same damn shit, different shovel. Another devil on my shoulder whispering to me nothing but sweet lies. I dust him off, sit beside myself and wonder what happened to me and my girl last night. I can't help but think I made a fool out of me and you. I just can't seem to recollect. I told her "I'll never touch the stuff again if you just stay", but she still packed up and left. (Chorus)She's leavin me. I can't believe the scene that I'm making as she's walking down that street. The same road that I used to know for such a long time such a long time ago. And when she kept on steppin full stride I could've died right there on the side of the road. She said "We're goin down the same damn road again when all I really needed was just a friend." And that's why she's packin up and never lookin back now.
ReplyYahoo! announced the release of a new version of Yahoo! Mail, which will allow users to communicate in more ways than by using e-mail alone. Yahoo! added two new “real-time” communication options for its users. The first allows users to sent text messages from Yahoo! Mail to mobile phone numbers in the U.S., Canada, India, and the Philippines for free.
The second new feature allows a user to send instant messages from Yahoo! Mail to IM users on the Yahoo! Messenger or Windows Live Messenger service. Besides the new communication tools, the new Yahoo! Mail has also been enhanced to improve speed and performance. Yahoo! will continue to support Yahoo! Mail Classic for those not wanting to use the new, improved Yahoo! Mail.
Yahoo! has simply picked up something that Wal-Mart already knows: people like one-stop-shopping. Yahoo! Mail gives folks a single place in which to IM, e-mail, and send text messages. Normally, people would probably just click out of Yahoo! Mail to send an IM or text message. Now, Yahoo! can just keep them on Yahoo! Mail .
Read more from the Yahoo! press release.
Reader CommentsLatest Movies, TV & Music
- The good and bad news about the return of TRL — HuffPost Entertainment
- Who will Nathan Fillion play in Guardians of the Galaxy? — Moviefone
- Are all Pixar movies secretly about the apocalypse? — Cracked
- 21 big names you forgot guest-starred on Boy Meets World — BuddyTV
- 10 supersexy things about Chuck Bass — Gossip Girl
- The next project from the guy who brought J'amie to the world — Splitsider
- Great movies to stream this week — Rotten Tomatoes
- Fantasy Factory is returning to MTV! — The Hollywood Reporter
- Look inside Pixar's latest journey — POPSUGAR MomsTHE SENATE BUDGET: FEATURING TAX CUTS . . . Brought to You by Lower Savings and More Debt
BTC Reports; Volume 13, No. 4; June 2007
BY MEG GRAY, POLICY ANALYST; JOHN QUINTERNO, RESEARCH ASSOCIATE; AND SEAN COFFEY
Executive Summary
- The North Carolina Senate's version of the 2007-2009 budget spends less on working families, leaves many needs unaddressed, and is less fiscally responsible than the House and governor's plans. The Senate's FY07-08 budget is just above $20 billion and is $263 million less than the House's spending plan.
- The Senate plan includes no funding for targeted tax reductions for working families, the Kids Care affordable health insurance for children, or grants for high-school dropout prevention. It also provides inadequate funding for the education of disadvantaged students and does nothing to help counties with Medicaid costs.
- Unlike the House and governor's plans, the Senate allows two tax provisions --- the top 8 percent income tax rate and an additional 0.25 percent of the state portion of the sales tax --- to expire on July 1, 2007 at a cost of approximately $300 million in lost recurring revenue for FY 2007-2008.
- The Senate budget is out of balance, spending more than $291 million of onetime money to pay for ongoing expenses.
- The Senate spends only $12 million less on ongoing expenses than the House. The majority of the $263 million spending difference between the two chambers can be explained by their treatment of one-time money. Unlike the Senate, the House uses one-time money to provide $100 million to help counties with Medicaid costs, invests $116 million more on capital improvement projects, and fully repays the state pension system at a cost of $45 million.
- The Senate budget saves less than the House by placing only $150 million of the projected $1.2 billion revenue surplus into the Rainy Day Fund, freeing up $165 million more one-time money than the House to spend in FY 2007-2008.
- The Senate plan saves less, relies more on debt, and allows tough decisions to be put off to the (near) future.
Overview
The final phase of the North Carolina budget process began last week when the Senate passed its version of the 2007-2009 spending plan. House members rejected the Senate's changes to their budget, so now conference committees
appointed by both chambers will begin working to sort out the many differences in priorities between the two chambers and the governor.
In lieu of saving for and investing in the future, the Senate cuts taxes and leaves an unexplainable amount of unappropriated money at the end of both years. Unlike the House and Governor, the Senate chose not to extend two temporary taxes resulting in an over-reliance of one-time money ($291 million) to pay for ongoing expenses in their spending plan. The Senate invests less to educate disadvantaged students, to insure children, and to build affordable housing and does not include any targeted tax reductions for low- and moderate-income working families. The plan has also raised criticism for the $1.2 billion in debt it proposes the state take on in the form of certificates of participation to primarily finance university construction while ignoring other critical infrastructure needs. Providing help to counties to pay for Medicaid costs was also left unaddressed in the Senate plan.
The Senate's claim that they spend less than the House because it allows the two tax provisions to expire is misleading at best. The Senate budget plays a shell game with numbers that gives the allusion of fiscal responsibility, but in the end the plan saves less, spends roughly the same on ongoing expenses, relies more on debt, and allows tough decisions to be put off to the (near) future.Page 1 of 3
1
2
3
>
Show 40 post(s) from this thread on one page
New Orleans Saints - blackandgold.com
(
)
-
Saints
(
)
- -
Spagnuolo - Odd Man Out
(
)
darstep
03-13-2012 03:14 PM
Spagnuolo - Odd Man Out
With all of these high-end offensive contract negotiation and off the field issues, will Spagnuolo be expected to perform miracles with a rag-tag defense? After Brees, Colston, Nicks, will there be any dollars left for him to build a quality product that we can be proud of?
If, for whatever reason, we end up having to out score our opponent every week, I'm already prepared to give him a pass. Colton is done; Nicks and Brees are still hanging, along with a host of other FA contributors that could affect our continuity. I've got great respect for Spags abilitites, but he may end up with the same kind of "bend and don't break" middle of the road defense that GWilliams had to get creative with to have ANY kind of success at all. Maybe he can get the tackling grade up to about a B+. That should get us two games throughout the season.
I hope he is eyeing a few FA pieces that can come in and do some of the things he is visioning for this squad. Fundamentals are free, and avoiding self inflicted wounds can go a long way to positioning this new defense for success, whatever it ends up looking like. It would be a wonderful thing to see a 1st year pop in the defensive performance under his leadership. If it doesn't work out so well, here's my get out of jail free card, but it's the only one I've got.
papz
03-13-2012 03:20 PM
There's no get out of jail free card. Having all our offensive talent back actually helps keep the defense fresh.
Roman Harper - Pro Bowler
Malcolm Jenkins - Pro Bowl talent
Jabrari Greer - above average/solid corner
Patrick Robinson - solid corner
Junior Galette - DE with the freakish talent Spags look for
Will Smith - solid veteran
Jonathan Vilma - solid to above average when healthy
Martez Wilson - 3rd round pick that has flashed very good upside
There's plenty of talent here. He's not inheriting a bunch of losers and asked to perform a miracle. Also you don't have to spend big money to add quality free agents... we also have some draft picks in this upcoming draft too.
jcp026
03-13-2012 03:22 PM
I don't think Galette has freakish anything. I hope he can be great, but I just expect ok. Wilson is the only freak we have on defense. He just has to learn the game.
Rugby Saint II
03-13-2012 03:23 PM
We may not be able to afford to bring in any free agents. Our defensive roster will probably look very similar to last year with only a couple of new faces.
Also, we may lose a few players to the roster cuts. We need money and there are a few overpaid defensive players getting a check and not earning it.
papz
03-13-2012 03:30 PM
Quote:
Originally Posted by
jcp026
(Post 386701)
I don't think Galette has freakish anything. I hope he can be great, but I just expect ok. Wilson is the only freak we have on defense. He just has to learn the game.
Maybe raw athletic pass rusher would fit a bit better. Tomato tomatoe.
darstep
03-13-2012 03:36 PM
My greatest concern is that the front looks the same...and performs the same:
No pass rush. That will make the 2nd and 3rd level have to work just as hard as last year.
If there are NO upgrades up front, whether FA, draft, trade, or improved performance,
then I have no expectation of the kind of pop I'm looking for.
Something will have to change up front and they may have to do it on a budget.
It doesn't matter to me how they do it.
TheOak
03-13-2012 03:45 PM
Well........ If he can teach them to tackle... Super Bowl bound!
Pete
03-13-2012 03:45 PM
One of the things we'll see different in his scheme from GW's,is that he is said to use his LB's to blitz instead of safeties.Tez may just have his shot to be the major impact player we've been waiting for.
The turn around he produced with a few no name players in NY has me believing he's going to light a fire in a couple of our existing players who have yet to light it up.
All in all I'm just hoping he finds a way to produce pressure with our front four off the top.The rest will fall into place.I'm expecting big things out of Malcolm this year.
Please help make this happen Spagz:bng:
lee909
03-13-2012 03:54 PM
I guess the offence could be the best defence for us.
If we keep the offence going like last year teams will have to take risks to keep up,you can't make do with FG and give Drew the ball back.
saintfan
03-13-2012 03:54 PM
He just needs to fire up his own bounty program and it's all good...
All times are GMT -5. The time now is
05:10 AM
.
Page 1 of 3
1
2
3
>
Show 40 post(s) from this thread on one pageThe following candidates for the Princeton track team went to the training table yesterday: G. R. Swain '94 (capt.), H. F. Sill '94, G. C. Wintringer '94, H. A. McNulty '95, J. C. Caton '95, A. C. Tyler '97, Zeigler, Sem. This list is only a preliminary one, and more men will be added from time to time as the season advances.
Want to keep up with breaking news? Get the latest, straight to your inbox.At Downbelow, the entire staff team know the importance of conservation and it is second-nature to us to think for the environment and to do out part to protect it in any way we can.
So when Project AWARE started the "Dive Against Debris" month, we didn't think twice about helping the cause and raising more awareness.
To show our support, everyone from the Downbelow island team joined together to clean the shoreline in front of our dive centre. Normally we have one or two staff following our duty schedule to do the clean-up daily.
Now with everyone working together, we are hoping more debris can be picked up in a much shorter time.
We are hopeful everyone else can join in the serious fun & pickup any garbage on your next dive, snorkel, beach or even the streets & put it in the trash bin!
The more people join in, the more our collective actions can contribute to a clean, healthy ocean.
Together we can make a difference!Family of Sir John Claye (knighted 1471) discovered
This message is to all Clay Researchers who are descended from John Claye who arrived in the "Treasurer" in 1612. I can now state that John Claye, "The Immigrant" is not descended from the Sir John Claye who was knighted by King Edward IV at the Battle of Tewkesbury in 1471. Thanks to the amount of new material which is becomming available on the WEB we now have access to material that was only available to a researcher in England or a professional Geneologist there. I have been trying since the late 70's along with other Clay Researchers to find out the ancestry of John Claye, The Immigrant, especially if he was descended from Sir John Claye, Knighted in 1471. After all these years thanks to the Internet I found on two sites, one () and the other () that in a list of men who were knighted after the Battle of Tewkesbury Sir John Clay in both is refered to as Sir John Clay of Chesnut. Actually the correct name is Cheshunt which is a Manor in Hertforshire. These are the first documents which state what part of England John Clay was from. Also on the second web site a listing of men who fought for The House of York at the Battle of Towton in 1461, ten years before Tewkesbury, a Sir John Clay is listed. This is a bit confusing because there is a book, whose title escapes me right now, which is considered the Bible of English Knights, which lists every person who was knighted since the Conquest in 1066. This book lists only one Clay as being knighted, that is John Clay in 1471. After finding the reference to Sir John Clay of Cheshunt I querried "John Clay of Cheshunt, England" on Yahoo and on the first page is a listing for (Parishes-Cheshunt-A History of the County of Hertford: volume 3, printed in 1905). If you list John Clay in the search window and hit enter it will give a History of The Manor of Cheshunt starting on page 6 and a reference to John Clay and his Family on page 7. This states that the Manor of Cheshunt was held by Elizabeth Lady Say, widow of John Norbury, her life interest to the Manor was regranted in 1461. (Next comes the important part for Clay Researchers). In the same year of 1461 the reversion (or granting) of the Manor after the death of Elizabeth Lady Say was granted for life to Sir John Clay, Joan his wife, and John his son. The article goes on to state that in spite of this grant after the death of Elizabeth Lady Say in 1465 the Manor was granted to George Duke of Clarence and the heirs of his body. George was the brother of King Edward IV and King Richard III. On page 9 is given The History of the Manor of Theobalds. Let me add here that this History Of Hertfordshire is heavily referenced so you can see which Official Documents or State Papers these facts are based on. This Manor of Theobalds was also held along with the Manor of Cheshunt by Elizabeth Lady Say. After Lady Says death the manor came eventually into the posession of Edward Green, lets skip forward here to page 13 and the History of the Manor of Darcies or Cressbroke. This is the really important part. This Manor of Cressbroke after passing through many owners was passed by trustees of John Clay in a settlement of 1446 to other trustees who acting in accordance to the will of John Clay, confirmed the manor to his widow Joan and his son John. Let me stop here to note that I am a little confused here because these statements in the History and based on Official State Records indicate to me that there were two John Clays before the John Clay who was knighted in 1471. Not only that but it seems that both had a wife named Joan and a son named John. The History of the Manor of Cressbroke then states that in 1480, Cecily, daughter of John Clay, I'm not sure which one, and wife of Robert Green (there was a Robert Green knighted at Tewkesbury in 1471 along with John Clay) died siesed of the Manor of Cressbroke. For the Manor to be in Cecily Clay Greens possesion can only mean that Sir John Clay had no male heirs living at that time of 1480. Cecilys son and heir Edward Green was a minor at that time, he died in Jan. 1491/2. The manor then passed to Edwards sister Cecily, wife of William Burbage. Cecily Burbage,the granddaughter of Sir John Clay, died in 1521,siesed of the Manor of Cressbroke. At the time of her death in 1521 Cecily had remarried and was listed as Cecily Bedell.The Manor then passed to Cecily's son and heir Thomas Burbage. It was from this time that the Manor was held along with the Manor of Theobalds. These manors appear to have remained in the Burbage Family until 1564 when Robert Burbage sold or conveyed the Manor of Theobalds to Sir William Cecil, Lord Burghley, the famous Minister of Queen Elizabeth I. Lord Burghley rebuilt and expanded the Manor and Queen Elizabeth stayed there on many occasions during her reign. Eventually the Manor of Theobalds along with the other Manors passed to the Crown and the possesion of the Queen of King James I in 1607. The Manor of Theobalds became one of James' favorite Manors and he died there in March of 1625. I know this info may come as a disappointment to some Clay Researchers as I must admit that I was a little disappointed myself because the supposed link to Sir John Clay, tenuous as it was, was all we had as to the ancestors of John Claye, The Immigrant. I had always wondered if Porter Clays claim of our descent from a Sir John Claye, Coal Baron of Wales, who I knew was not a knight and the title, "Coal Baron Of Wales" did not exist may never the less have been possibly the case of our being descended from an earlier Sir John Clay who certainly existed and the Family History being changed and distorted with time. I recently saw a posting on another WEB site, I can't remember which one, in which another Clay Researcher stated that he had written to the College of Arms on London requesting info on Sir John Clay, knighted in 1471, and possible descendants. The College of Arms wrote back to say that they had no info on Sir John Clay other than that he was knighted by Edward IV in 1471. This came as a surprise to me because a few years after I started my Clay Research in 1976 I found a book in the West Palm Beach Geneology Library entitled "Two Tudor Books Of Arms" based on Harleian Manuscripts Nos. 2169 & 6163 and published by the Everton Geneology Publishing Company, I believe. You can now find this Book online. In the Book I was surprised to find the Coat of Arms of "Syr John Cley" illustrated as well as described in Heraldic terms. On the same page is the coat of arms of Thomas Rotherham, The Archbishop of York in the later 1400's. I believe this Sir John Clay was the John Clay knighted in 1471. This Tudor Book Of Arms is now online and you can see Sir John Clays arms on page 228 of the book. What surprised me was that his Coat of Arms was well illustrated and was a "Quartered" coat of arms. This meant that Sir John Clay had inherited not only his fathers Clay Coat of Arms but the Arms of the "Thweng Family". I don't know whether his father or grandfather or even an earlier ancestor had the orinal Clay Grant of Arms but one of his ancestors had married an heiress of the "Thweng Family" They were descended from Sir Marmaduke de Thweng who was one of the few English Knights to survive the slaughter at the Battle of Sterling Bridge against the Scots and Sir William Wallace, "Braveheart", in 1297. Another surprise was that Sir John Clays arms were described as being impaled with those of "Astley quartering Harcourt". These arms were specifically granted to Sir John de Astley, a Knight of the Garter and one of the most famous Knights of the 15th Century. Sir John de Astley was specially given the right to wear the Arms of Astley quartering Harcourt by King Henry VI. Impaling was the showing of a husbands arms on the left side of a shield with his wifes being on the right side, this was during their married life togather. So I knew that Sir John Clay had married a daughter of Sir John de Astley who died in 1486 leaving a widow Margery de Astley. I also recently found on the WEB that Sir John Clay was the High Sheriff of Hertfordshire in 1463. Also in a recent book on King Richard III by Josephine Wilkinson on page 69 there is letter from a servant of Sir John Paston to his master in Norwich stating that on 15 Sept 1460 several men (retainers of The House of York) came to Pastons mansion in London opposite The Tower Of London to request that Cecily, The Duchess of York and her sons George and Richard and daughter Margaret be allowed to stay in his mansion until The coming of her husband, Richard Plantagenet the Duke of York to London. One of these men was John Clay. So as you can see I don't understand The College of Arms with all the records available to them stating to a Clay Researcher that the only info they had on Sir John Clay was that he was knighted in 1471 by Edward IV at the Battle of Tewkesbury. I don't know for sure if the original John Clay who was given the first grant of arms had other male descendants beside his son John but it's probably unlikely because The College of Arms did state to the Clay Researcher that they could find no reissuing of the Clay Arms in the 1500's or later. Well even though we now know that Sir John Clay who was knighted in 1471 is not our Clay ancestor it helps us in our search to find the English Ancestors of John Claye, The Immigrant. I regret that I didn't discover this info before the death of Robert Young Clay last year who was a tireless Clay Researcher and whose specialty was Heraldry and Coats of Arms. We all owe so much to Robert and other Clay Researchers like him. It is on the firm foundation that they built that we continue our Clay research.
More Replies:
- Re: Family of Sir John Claye (knighted 1471) discoveredThell Clay 4/12/12
- Re: Family of Sir John Claye (knighted 1471) discoveredThell Clay 4/12/12
- Re: Family of Sir John Claye (knighted 1471) discoveredthomas clay 1/02/12
- Re: Family of Sir John Claye (knighted 1471) discoveredLynda Davis-Logan 1/29/12
- Re: Family of Sir John Claye (knighted 1471) discoveredLinda Gunnoe 9/13/12
- Re: Family of Sir John Claye (knighted 1471) discoveredVickie Peterson 11/23/12
- Re: Family of Sir John Claye (knighted 1471) discoveredLinda Gunnoe 11/26/12Women's Guide Gear® Leopard Print Robe
Item # WX2-293434
- Google+
- Details & Specs
Women's Guide Gear® Leopard Print Robe... a warm Robe in a HOT pattern! SAVE BIG BUCKS!
Perfect for lazy days and cold winter mornings! Spice up your look when you slip on this cozy Robe in a fun leopard print pattern! It also makes a truly appreciated gift! When you shop The Guide, you get it for LESS!Wild style:
- 100% polyester
- Tie waist with inside ribbon tie to keep it closed
- 2 front hand pockets at waist.
- Machine wash / dry. Imported.
State Size, as available in the Shopping Cart. Wake up on the wild side!
Built to Sportsman's Guide's exact specifications, Guide Gear® stands for dependability, long-lasting quality and unmatched value! Guaranteed!
- Reviews
- Women's Guide Gear Leopard Print Robe is rated out of 5 by 3.Rated 1 out of 5 by Angel4real from You get what one pays for Arrived I a timely fashionTossed in washer for visiting guests to arriveShedded everywhere leaving behind never ending lint balls...and loads of fibersA huge mess....Ended up throwing out all three in garbage where they belongSave your money not worth the time or energy....Date published: 2014-11-20Rated 4 out of 5 by ROBERT from WarmDate published: 2014-01-29Rated 5 out of 5 by PETER M from This was a Robe sent as a gift. I just know she loves it , and will wear it often . She was thrilled with some MOOSE plates , because she is from Maine . Also the product was shipped fast with correct address . Thanks .Date published: 2013-12-27
- Q & A
- <!--BVSEO|dz:Main_Site-en_US|sdk:v1.0.7.0-n|msg:Error: Request errored out - The remote server returned an error: (403) Forbidden. -->
- Articles & Tips
You May Also Like
Women's Guide Gear Textured RobeNon-Members $9.99 Buyer's Club $9.99
Women's Guide Gear Print PJ SetNon-Members $14.99 Buyer's Club $14.99
Women's Guide Gear Camo Robe, Pink CamoNon-Members $39.99 Buyer's Club $39.99Wednesday, June 30, 2010
Tuesday, June 29, 2010
Happy Birthday Jacque
Monday, June 28, 2010
Just some sketches
Sunday, June 27, 2010
Watermelon Slice
Saturday, June 26, 2010
The Mask
Francisco Ruiz Velasco has been one of my favorite artists for a few years now. I was trying to mimic his style a bit- looking at one of his images for reference as I went. If I had another 2 hours to put into this it may look a little closer to his- but as is- its far off ;) I learned a lot though and just respect his stuff so much more after having tried this. Have a great Saturday!
Friday, June 25, 2010
Weathered
Thursday, June 24, 2010
Giant Carrot
heh ok I know this one is a little strange- I got busy working on websites and logos - stuff that actually should result in making money. I then realized I had not done a doodle and just started drawing random-ness. I used to have an old book and video on how to draw "Blitz cartoons" - he used to draw buildings and paths like these- also reminds me a little of Dr. Seuss.... anyways enjoy- although its pretty silly- wish I had more time add to the randomness. Have a great Thursday!
Wednesday, June 23, 2010
Ballerina
Tuesday, June 22, 2010
the Doat
Monday, June 21, 2010
reminiscing
Sunday, June 20, 2010
Orange
Saturday, June 19, 2010
Rag Doll
Friday, June 18, 2010
The Crumb Monster
The crumb monster feasts on small crumbs that fall on the floor. He is 1/3rd the size of an ant and often gets in wrestling matches with the ants over cookie crumbs which are both the ants and his favorite kind! He is very squishy, and under the weight of a human foot he is not killed but flattened into a pancake, and pops back to his plump self within seconds of being flattened.
Have a great Friday
Thursday, June 17, 2010
The Skull Tree
Wednesday, June 16, 2010
Orange Ninja
Tuesday, June 15, 2010
who wants a hug?
Monday, June 14, 2010
Hank the Goblin Guard
Sunday, June 13, 2010
Outcasts
Saturday, June 12, 2010
Hot Chocolate
Friday, June 11, 2010
The Old Tree
Thursday, June 10, 2010
Guinea Pig
When I was a little boy my family had a guinea pig for a day. It was one of those class pets that a student got to take home, take care of, and bring back the next day. I am not sure if they do that anymore- I would totally understand if they didn't. The guinea pig we took home didn't fare so well. I was holding the cute little ball of soft fur, and I began to hug it. I hugged and cuddled it so tightly I actually killed the poor thing. My Mother then drove from pet store to pet store looking for a look-alike to replace it with... I don't really remember the experience too much- but I still feel bad for killing a guinea pig. Sitting down to do today's doodle the spirit of that poor guinea pig must have come back to haunt me, and so here is to you dead little guinea pig! This is for you!
Wednesday, June 9, 2010
I heart U
Tuesday, June 8, 2010
The Little Troll
Monday, June 7, 2010
freeze
Sunday, June 6, 2010
Catch
Saturday, June 5, 2010
Mr Burlap
Friday, June 4, 2010
A master and his Slave
A request from a buddy of mine. Apparently he was ripped off by somebody and wanted to construct a site about the experience where he felt like a slave being driven to do a bunch of work and then not get paid for it in the end. Rotten deal-
Also I have changed the moderation settings on commenting. I have been getting a lot of spammers and will now need to monitor every-comment... please don't let this deter you from leaving one though! I just want to keep it clean (some of the spamming was not-so-clean)
and have a great Friday :)
Thursday, June 3, 2010
Nice Ride
Wednesday, June 2, 2010
Robot Profile 3
Tuesday, June 1, 2010
Punk RockIn a recent article for NetworkWorld entitled Building Trust Between Cloud Providers and Consumers, I talked about the need for clients and vendors to view each other as trusted partners if they are to successfully design and deploy solutions to complex technology problems. I also focused on the value of transparency when building cooperative partnerships, and the importance of honestly discussing risks and procedures for mitigating risks in cloud computing.
From the article:
Enterprises that have, or are considering, the move to cloud computing should understand that they are not simply purchasing a specific product or service. Rather, they are entering into a partnership with their cloud provider. An enterprise’s cloud provider becomes an extension of the enterprise IT department. As a result, the vendor should be considered a trusted partner. In order for this to happen, both client and vendor must commit to communication and transparency that is generally foreign to the purchase of on-premise IT solutions.
The emergence and explosive growth of cloud computing represents a fundamental shift in how IT services are developed and delivered. Cloud computing offers incredible benefits ranging from reduced cost to improved user experience. These benefits are largely realized from increased efficiency, streamlined system upgrades, reduced system deployment and configuration time, significant flexibility, and control over how and when resources are utilized. This emergence also introduces new, but not necessarily additional, risks that managers must consider when evaluating cloud services and vendors. Questions regarding security, data ownership, and reliability are at the top of mind for CIOs and other technical managers, as well they should be.
Read the full article at NetworkWorld.Hang tight!
Sponsor
Recipe by Campbell's Kitchen
"This hearty stew with south-of-the-border flavors features Campbell's® Condensed Beef Consomme, tender beef, corn, beans, salsa, garlic and savory spices."
Watch video tips and tricks
PREP
COOK
READY IN!
22 Ratings..
This holiday appetizer couldn't be easier--or tastier!
Burgers never need to be basic again! Try this great recipe with dipping sauce.Physics Discovery by Thames and Kosmos
Overview & Details
- Child’s beginners physics kit.
- A great gift for educational play.
- Build a motor, force meter, catapult, balance scale, freight elevator, inclined planes, bicycle, transmission, motion picture machine, water wheel powered crane, dragster and sail car.
- Build 12 models and conduct experiments with them to learn about forces & simple machines
- Includes 48 page color experiment manual.
- Small parts, not for children under 3 years.
- Ages 8+
Children will have fun and love learning about physics with this beginner’s set. Kids will build 12 models and then conduct experiments with the models to learn about forces and simple machines. Each model demonstrates a fundamental idea in mechanical physics. For example, build a balance scale to learn about lever arms, a freight elevator to learn about pulleys, a bicycle to learn about wheels, a motion picture machine to learn about centripetal and centrifugal forces, and a transmission to learn about gears.!Press release
Work Programme provides tailored support as latest figures show people are being found fit for work
This news article was published under the 2010 to 2015 Conservative and Liberal Democrat coalition government
Over a third (39 per cent) of those who claim Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) are assessed as fit to work.
New statistics published by DWP today show that over a third (39 per cent) of those who claim Employment and Support Allowance (ESA) are assessed as fit for work. The figures also show that a further 17 per cent can do some work with the right help and support..
DWP.
The Work Capability Assessment (WCA), which determines whether someone is fit for work, has been substantially improved - the majority of Professor Harrington’s recommendations are now in place. Changes have been made including making improvements to the decision making process. A second Independent Review of the WCA is now underway and will be published before the end of the year.%
Delivering the Work Programme is now undertaking a second Independent Review of the WCA, which will be published before the end of the year.The MISSION: Assistance League® of Wichita, a chapter of National Assistance League®, is a nonprofit organization of volunteers dedicated to addressing specific needs of the Wichita community through philanthropic programs.
The VISION: Assistance League aspires to meet the challenging needs of individuals in communities across the nation.
Assistance League of Wichita has been serving the Wichita community since 1984. We are an all-volunteer, “hands-on” organization of over 150 dedicated members (we have no paid staff). These volunteers cheerfully give over 15,000 hours annually to serve and fund our four philanthropic programs. Tax-deductible donations, honorariums, grants and memorials are gratefully accepted at PO Box 8072, Wichita, Kansas 67208.
2014 Assistance League of Wichita Video made by Members:
Please take the opportunity to view our video presentation about Assistance League of Wichita.
VALUES:
Assistance League has a rich history of supporting the vision and talents of our volunteers, all engaged in service that puts caring and commitment into action in their communities. Five Core Values inform and craft leaders’ and members’ priorities and actions.
Commitment: We believe.
Leadership: We believe that the full measure of our leaders and members is the sum of the products of their vision, professionalism, ethics, sensitivity and the quality of responsiveness to individual needs.
Ethics: We believe that integrity and authenticity in communication and action best demonstrate the most basic, intrinsic values held by member volunteers of this organization.
Accountability: We believe that full accountability is the responsibility of.
Respect: We believe in the intrinsic value of those we serve and of those with whom we serve. We believe that we can best demonstrate our respect for this value by providing fair and equitable treatment for our member and community volunteers, the recipients of our services and our donors and patrons.
We have just been recognized by Great Non-profits for the surveys and feedback of a members and patrons.Of all people, it was an over-the-top rapper named Riff Raff who recently shared an insight that typified the state of music halfway through 2012, a year that has already seen revelation after revelation from many corners of the pop music spectrum.
The tattooed white rapper with gold teeth, many crooked tattoos and an obviously concocted street patois (the rapper is originally from Minnesota), would have been considered a black-face performer a century ago, but today he explains that his outlandish approach to music is really all about branding. He told LA Weekly: "People are desensitized to the point where nothing is special," he said. "People are getting bored. It's so saturated that if you're not in your own lane, you aren't needed."
Where even a decade ago, musicians were mostly defined by the music they made in professional studios, their live shows and the occasional video, full-frontal creation now involves random video teasers, witty and/or provocative tweets, a steady stream of mix tape releases and whatever other quirky attention-getting device an artist can concoct to rise above the noise.
Granted, Adele doesn't need to dress like Lady Gaga to gain attention -- she has a voice and presence that do the trick. And as Riff Raff's output has confirmed, just because you dress big doesn't mean you've got rhymes to match.It’s quite possible that you haven’t even thought about DLC for Mortal Kombat given how much fun the game is out of the box. NetherRealm isn’t going to let you off that easy. Ed Boon, recently announced that there is indeed new content coming to the game and will be arriving with a month. According to the developer, the first DLC offering for the game will include Skarlett, “free stuff”, and balancing changes via patch.
Skarlett has been known about for quite some time, and it was rumored earlier that Kenshi would also be a downloadable character coming in the first DLC for the game. No word on Kenshi as of yet, but definitely expect Skarlett very soon.The Privacy Policy below applies to products and services provided exclusively by: BonLook.com, 4000 Saint-Ambroise Street, Suite 147, Montreal, Quebec, Canada. In the following Privacy Policy, "we", "us", "our", and "website" refer to BonLook.com. All the information you provide on BonLook.com is kept strictly confidential. Personal data collected and treated by BonLook.com.com are used only in matters related to website usage, services and purchase transactions. Your personal information will not be shared with third parties for unlawful purposes or without your consent. An anonymous interaction followup may be shared with third parties. BonLook.com may use your personal info, with your consent, for email-based direct marketing purposes, to send you updates on new products, special offers, and special events. If you do not wish to receive our communications, simply click on the button "Unsubscribe from newsletter" included in all the emails BonLook.com sends to its customers or email us at support@bonlook.com to ask us to cross off your email address from our mailing list. To protect your personal and sensitive information (credit card number and expiry date), we have implemented an SSL (Secure Socket Layer) system. To make sure that you have accessed a secured (i.e. SSL encryption technology-protected) page, check that its URL begins with the letters "https".
BonLook.com content, including but not limited to images, photos, dialogues, drawings, figures and logos, in whatever form, published on BonLook.com, including but not limited to BonLook.com menus, web pages, graphic design, color schemes, screens, instruments, website fonts and design, diagrams, layouts, methods, processes and functionalities, are protected by copyright and any other applicable intellectual ownership right of BonLook.com. Reproduction in full or part, of any kind, of BonLook.com and its content is strictly prohibited unless prior written consent is granted by BonLook.com.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In using this website, you are responsible for the quality and proper operation of the IT material you use to navigate on BonLook.com. BonLook.com cannot, in any case, be liable for any form of damages related to the use of its website.
COMMUNICATIONS
BonLook.com is engaged in constantly improving the performance of its customer service. We welcome any comments, suggestions and ideas you may have to help us in that regard.
Subscribers to our newsletter may receive questionnaires and invitations to contests and offers. All personal information collected through these communications will become the property of BonLook.com.
MODIFICATIONS AND UPDATES
BonLook.com can change or update these customer service policies, in full or in part, without prior notice. Users will be notified of such modifications and updates. We recommend that you periodically review this page to be aware of our latest policies. BonLook.com policy details published on this page supersede all previous communications..Hi,
I use ajax cart module on my page along with caching enabled. Hovewer, If user has javascript turned off there is only a text instead of cart saying - cart loading. I suggest to change it to the same behaviour as default ubercart cart. It shows only a link to cart page using noscript tags. Would this be possibe? Ttank you
Comment #1stewart.adam CreditAttribution: stewart.adam commented
Marked #1446390: homepage "loading cart" message for anonymous users as a duplicate of this issue.
I'll be looking into fixing this for the next release.
Comment #2stewart.adam CreditAttribution: stewart.adam commented
I have reworked the way the cached carts are generated for anonymous users so now anonymous users with JS disabled should see a simple link to their carts. Please test latest dev and let me know if it's working for you.
Comment #3loparr CreditAttribution: loparr commented
Hello,
With latest dev for drupal 6 (jun 07) the issue remains the same.
Page cache turned on
Javacsript turned off in browser (chrome)
On all pages I get "loading cart" message
Comment #4stewart.adam CreditAttribution: stewart.adam commented
Sorry, I should have been more clear... Drupal.org automatically regenerates dev releases, the next one coming up in a few hours will include this.
Comment #5loparr CreditAttribution: loparr commented
With the latest dev relase it is working ok for users with js turned off. The link to cart is displayed instead "loading cart"
Thank you very much.Posts filtered on Tag
Chevelle’s racking up the miles
*Story by Julie Chang Chevelle has keyed a number of anthems triumphing the underdog over the last decade, dedicating their latest album to just that. Their melodic and lyrical delivery started resonating with listeners back in 1999 with their first album Point #1 and vastly popular Wonder What’s Next in 2002. That album contained the […] [Read More]Disclaimer: I own nothing to do with Supernatural or Doctor Who. Neither is my toy box and I'm merely playing. I also own nothing to do with Malley's Chocolates, Put-in-Bay, The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame or The Science Center. I also don't own the Quantum Mirror which I shamelessly borrowed from Stargate even though this fic doesn't include the Stargate world and no knowledge of that fandom is needed. I also own nothing to do with Cleveland where most of this story takes place.
Notes: Written for scandalbaby for the xoverexchange. Thank you to my friend James for the quick beta.
Spoilers: Early S4 for SPN and up to "A Good Man Goes to War" for DW.
Warnings: Jo is tied to a bed at the beginning of her scene. It's described. Mentions canon kidnapping.
Hold On To What You Have:
The mirror was surrounded by jagged opaque rock and stood there in the corner of the room taller than she was. Rory and the Doctor had moved through the room, intent on following the lead to where her daughter was. Amy couldn't help but linger, drawn to the mirror. It echoed her pain back at her. The fear and loss crashed into her, pulling her forward until she stood transfixed in front of it.
Would she ever see Melody again? Was her daughter safe?
River came up behind her, put a hand on her shoulder. Amy tilted her head and frowned. She still hadn't come to terms with the concept that River was Melody all grown up. River was a flirty criminal and her daughter was a sweet baby oozing with potential. Amy's frown deepened, ever since she'd found out who River was everything that gave her pause about the other woman seemed more extreme. Amy turned back to the mirror.
"It's a Quantum Mirror. They're rare," River told her, "They allow travel between dimensions, but the dimensional walls are closed, so they no longer work. I've actually never seen one before."
River reached over her to touch the mirror. River's fingers slide easily into the mirror. Amy started as the grip on her shoulder tightened. They both lost their balance as the mirror pulled them away.
~~~~~*****~~~~~
Missouri paused as Ellen lagged behind. She frowned as Ellen stared down at the key in her hand.
"We'll get her back," Missouri reassured.
Ellen scowled at her, "I don't see why we couldn't bring the boys. Seems wrong, this was their daddy's space."
Missouri shook her head, "River and Dean would flirt too much or she'd eat Sam alive and that's not something a mother needs to see."
"I don't care who they are as long as I get my Jo back," Ellen told her as she joined Missouri and opened the storage unit. She frowned at all the gathered items. It was a mess, an organized mess, but still a mess and a memory of John. Ellen shook her head, "How are we supposed to find what we're looking for? What are we looking for?"
"Just wait," Missouri advised.
"I could be working to get Jo back right now," Ellen snapped, "And you want me to wait?"
"You'd drown."
"I'd be with her!"
"I sent to the boys to find her," Missouri reassured.
"That Trickster is…there aren't words for what I'm going to do to him," Ellen declared.
"He's been lost for awhile," Missouri tried to calm, "He's lost now, almost ready to be found."
Ellen glared, voice low in her anger, "He gave my daughter a tail and dumped her in Lake Erie. She could be halfway to Canada by now!"
"Put-in-Bay," Missouri told her.
Ellen's eyes narrowed, "What?"
"It's part of the island with Perry's Monument," Missouri shrugged, "Plenty of drunkards there. That is Put-in-Bay, isn't it?"
Ellen shrugged.
"Got Sam on it," Missouri reassured, "He'll figure it out."
Ellen frowned. She wanted to believe they'd save Jo, but her baby had been turned into a mermaid, a monster, a thing they hunted. What if they couldn't save her? What if the only option was to kill her daughter?
She wasn't going to be able to do that.
"What is it we're looking for?" Ellen forced herself to ask. They had to try; she couldn't live with herself if they didn't.
"A reflection of your pain and the daughter she lost."
"Some days you need to learn to make sense." Ellen chided.
A loud thunk and shriek drew their attention. They moved cautiously forward.
"Amy no! You can't go back; you might not end up in the same dimension."
"We just came through," Amy responded.
"But it could have changed already," the other woman responded.
"River, we can't stick around with all these creepy…things and I'm not waiting around to be rescued again."
Missouri and Ellen rounded the shelf to find two women glaring at each other while standing in front of a mirror that looked like it was embedded in a large rock.
"See I told you our help would be here," Missouri smiled. Her words startled River and Amy.
River shoved Amy behind her, reaching for a weapon. Missouri glared, "Child, put that away! That's not going to help anyone. We need your help."
"Our help?" River asked as Amy stepped out from behind River and gave her a glare.
Missouri took the two of them in and shook her head, "This is going to be a mess."
"We don't have time for a mess," Ellen shook her head, "I have to get my baby back."
Amy turned from River, stared at Ellen, "Your baby?"
Ellen nodded, "Thinks she's all grown up and ready to be the heroine, but she's in over her head and Missouri said you could help get her back."
"I don't see how," River responded.
"Introductions," Missouri prompted.
The four women looked at each other expectantly before Missouri introduced herself. After they'd all followed suit Missouri explained their dilemma.
"We'll help," Amy agreed, "I should say we'll stay put until we're found, but we'll leave a note."
River smirked, "I'm always up for a random adventure."
After Amy and River had left a note near the mirror, in the line of sight of anyone coming out and while Ellen was locking the storage unit Missouri got the phone call that Dean and Sam had managed to capture Jo and we're working on getting her back to Cleveland so they could all figure out how to turn her back.
"I told those boys we'd call when we got close and send them out," Missouri finished reporting.
Ellen nodded, only slightly more relaxed now that they'd found her daughter. Taking a breath and trying to remain hopeful Ellen decided that she'd call and harass Bobby for information once they were settled into Missouri's station wagon and on their way. She watched quietly as Amy and River bickered their way into the station wagon and as they traveled listened to their story, that Amy was the mother and River was the long lost daughter, even though River was older than Amy.
Ellen could hear the pain in both their voices and as they traveled to Cleveland she watched as Amy avoided River. She watched Missouri hold her tongue for once, she also understood the meaningful looks the psychic kept sending her way. Ellen saw how River watched Amy with longing, wanting to be accepted. She understood Missouri's words, understood that Amy and her were both plagued by worry for their daughters. Amy's pain was palpable in the way she moved, the expression on her face and the way she could barely look at River. There were also times Amy seemed to recognize their surroundings and then she'd close in on herself.
Ellen had to wonder if Missouri had it wrong, if she was supposed to help Amy. Or maybe Missouri had it right and that's what those meaningful looks meant. Ellen waited until a rest stop. Amy had crawled into the back of the station wagon and curled up. River and Missouri had gone for snacks and bathroom breaks or rather Missouri had insisted on leaving the two of them alone. Ellen crawled into the back, not sure where to start. She wanted Jo back, but she couldn't help but be touched by Amy's pain.
"I keep remembering traveling through America and then remembering that it wasn't really me, but the fake they replaced me with so I wouldn't realize they were trying to steal my daughter," Amy told her without turning, "I keep thinking I'll never see her again."
"What about River?"
"I want my baby back."
"I can't pretend to understand all this time travel stuff. I haven't been living it, but wouldn't that change who River is?" Ellen tried. Amy turned to look at her over the back of the seat. Their eyes met and Ellen admitted, "I may have to learn to live with a daughter who's a mermaid. I may have to find and kill a trickster."
Amy frowned, "I want to kill them too, the woman who took Melody the most, but then I think that'd I'd lose a piece of myself, that I might stop being me. Then I wonder what I'd be teaching her. I wonder if I'll ever get to teach her anything and then I look at River."
"Well she is one of a kind," Ellen commented. The corner of Amy's lips quirked in response and Ellen continued, "I think it hurts her that you can't see how much she wants you to be her mother."
"She's a grown woman."
"She's still your daughter."
"I know," Amy sighed, "I just don't know how to convince myself of that. I don't know how to interact with her now."
Ellen nodded, "I'm not sure what were going to find when we get to Jo, but I'm not going to lose her and you don't want to lose your daughter a second time."
Amy frowned, opened her mouth and Missouri bustled up to them quickly, "We have to go!"
River swung into the front seat as Missouri started the car.
"What happened?" Ellen demanded.
"Your girl almost killed Dean," Missouri explained, "Nearly drowned him in a bathtub. I'm going to have to whap some sense into that boy."
River laughed.
"It's not funny," Ellen snapped.
Amy giggled.
Ellen thought about it another moment and shook her head. Only Dean Winchester would get himself into such a mess.
"He's fine now," Missouri reassured.
Ellen shook her head, containing her smile, "I'll help you knock some sense into him, after Jo beats him up for being stupid enough to let her mermaid wiles reel him in."
Missouri laughed.
They made it to Cleveland in record time and Missouri sent the boys away, though Ellen wasn't sure they'd stay gone for long.
"Dean's discovered that Malley's has ice cream parlors," Missouri reassured, "And Sam thinks they can reason better with the trickster surrounded by chocolate."
"Does Dean know the reason you want to keep him away is because you don't want him to meet a woman?" Ellen questioned.
Missouri's eyes narrowed, "That boy will listen to me if he knows what's good for him!"
"Ignorance is bliss?" Ellen questioned.
"In this case and for him," Missouri agreed, "Now let's go see about helping your daughter."
~~~~~*****~~~~~
Ellen stood frozen in the doorway of the motel as she stared at her daughter. Jo looked every inch human, except the boys had but her in a black shirt she was drowning in and boxers. She was tied to the bed with duck tape over her mouth. Ellen wanted to untie her daughter, wanted to rip the duck tape away, but knew she couldn't.
"Can't risk her singing or getting away," Missouri tried to explain.
"Doesn't make me feel better," Ellen shot back.
Jo growled at them, glaring and those eyes were not her daughter's eyes. They were the right color, but the hatred in their depths was inhuman. The sheer malice coming off of Jo, the need to kill them made Ellen shake her head. How were they going to save her daughter?
"Can we scan her?" River asked, "Find out if there's a source to this change?"
"Trickster," Ellen explained.
"But how?" River demanded, "What exactly is he and how did he do this? If we know that we should be able to reverse it."
"You're thinking about this scientifically," Amy pointed out as she moved into the room, "This isn't just another reality, but another dimension. The rules are different."
"Let me talk to her," Ellen decided, "Maybe…"
Ellen shook her head and waited till she was alone with Jo. She sat on the bed, started to straighten out Jo's hair when Jo screamed, hissed at her and began trying to come out of her binding.
"That's enough!" Ellen snapped.
Jo growled, glaring.
"You're all I have left. I'm not going to lose you too," Ellen told her, "So you need to fight this. I know you have to be in there somewhere."
Jo began fighting the binding again, howling angrily and Ellen backed out of the room. Closing the door behind her she leaned against the nearest wall and let herself slide down. Even with all of their arguments Jo had never looked at her with that much anger and hatred. Ellen leaned in as Missouri wrapped her arms around her.
Amy leaned down and Ellen let herself be pulled into a hug, "Let me talk to her."
Ellen nodded.
"No water!" Missouri reminded, "Don't touch those bindings."
Amy gave Ellen another reassuring pat on the arm, tried to give River a confident look and entered the room. She leaned against the doorway taking Jo in. Jo stilled, looked small, vulnerable.
"That's not going to work," Amy warned, "I've seen angels that would kill you if you so much as blinked. A mermaid that would sing me into doing anything she wanted, well that's not so far-fetched. I've watched men supposedly marked for death just by a song. Your mom needs you back. She needs you safe."
Amy glanced towards the door, suddenly glad that River was out of the room, glad that her daughter was in a small measure safe.
Amy slide to the floor, "We'll figure this out, but if there's some way you could help us?"
She waited and when Jo didn't respond she continued, "You're mother's frantic with worry. She's trying to figure out how to live with a daughter who's a mermaid and might kill her at any moment. I'm…"
Trying to live with a daughter I don't understand, but who might be married to my best friend. Amy let the thought run its course, realizing that she'd finally thought of River as her daughter. She leaned her head against the wall and closed her eyes.
"Your mom nee…" Amy startled into silence as Missouri came flying into the room and pulled a necklace off of Jo. It hung there, a thin black cord with a small white and grey, cone sea shell on the end.
Missouri held the necklace up, "This. This is how you'd turn back. All you have to do is destroy it, but you have to do it."
Missouri place the necklace in Jo's hand.
"Might not have to kill a certain trickster," Ellen commented.
Jo tilted her head, watching Ellen. Ellen met her eyes, tried to convey her worry and love.
Amy looked up as River came to stand over her and offer her a hand. Amy smiled, took it and let River pull her to her feet. She pulled her daughter into a hug, "I'm sorry."
River clung back tightly, "I wanted to tell you, but I couldn't."
"Spoilers," Amy agreed.
Jo frowned at the exchange.
"Let me tell you a story," Missouri tried, "Once there was a girl who saved the world with her husband and an alien. She got pregnant, but the baby was stolen from her, like the way you've been stolen from your mother right now, but now that baby's all grown up and they have to learn how to relate to one another. Amy had to stop seeing a baby and they both have to stop seeing everything they've missed with each other so they don't miss what's to come. Break the necklace, Baby. Don't miss your time with your mother."
Jo tilted her head to look at the necklace.
"Please Jo," Ellen begged, "I can't lose you."
Jo frowned at her mother.
River stepped into her line of sight, "You'll regret it if you don't, the missed opportunities."
Jo closed her fist around the necklace slowly. It crunched easily in her palm and she was engulfed in a bright flash of light.
Ellen moved cautiously over to the bed. Jo looked at her worriedly, but with the love and exasperation she was used to. Carefully she untied her daughter and led her to bathroom, "In the tub."
Jo nodded and set the clothes aside before she eased herself slowly into the filled tub. Ellen sank to her feet when nothing happened. Jo jumped out of the tub and engulfed her in a hug. Ellen took the duck tape off carefully. Jo winced, "I'm so sorry!"
"I'm gonna kill him for the duck tape! Maybe both of them."
Jo laughed and buried her head into the crook of her mother's neck, "I'm safe. It's okay. They had to or you'd have come in to them both dead and me stuck in that tub."
"I know, but that duck tape is…your lips."
"They'll heal," Jo told her.
Ellen grabbed a towel and helped Jo up, watched as her daughter tried to get reacquainted with her legs after days with a tail and living in the water.
"Mom?" Jo asked as she finished dressing, "Who are those woman?"
"River and Amy," Ellen told her, "River is Amy's daughter that was stolen from her, but grew up."
Jo shook her head, "But I thought Amy was the younger one?"
"There was time travel involved," Ellen explained as she began draining the tub.
As they exited the bathroom Ellen put the storage key on the nightstand, "When are the boys getting back?"
Missouri grinned, "We can take a rest. They'll call before they're ready to head back and we can leave."
"I might want to meet them," River protested. Missouri glared at her. River threw her hands up in surrender. Missouri nodded.
"How do you know they won't come back soon?" Jo questioned as she crawled into the bed she hadn't been tied to and closed her eyes.
"Tired?" Ellen asked. Jo nodded. Ellen sat on the bed and carefully brushed the hair from her daughter's face. Jo opened her eye and smiled at her mother before she gave Missouri a questioning look.
Missouri shrugged, "Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for Dean and The Science Center for Sam. They're right next to each other, so it should keep them occupied."
Ellen smiled, that sounded about right.
Amy pulled River over to the small kitchenette table, "We should get to know each other before we go home."The Forest Heritage Center Museum and Oklahoma Forestry Services, a division of the Oklahoma Department of Agriculture, Food and Forestry will kick-off the annual fall exhibit, “Masters at Work” with a competitive flair. The turning competition will be held September 12th – 13th, 2014 in the courtyard of the Museum. Artists will arrive with a piece of wood, their lathe and tools and let their creativity take over as they turn the wood into a beautiful work of art for the Empty Bowls Program.
After an intensive selection process that encompassed woodturners from Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas, Kansas, New Mexico, Louisiana, Tennessee and Missouri, demonstrators have been chosen to compete in the Master’s at Work: Woodturning Competition. These demonstrators will participate in four different “turn-offs” and multiple workshops creating an immense wood “shaving” match worth viewing.
“The Forest Heritage Center has been working diligently towards increasing awareness of woodturning as an art form. By working with the Empty Bowls Program, we hope to bring the art form to an even greater level,” said Doug Zook, FHC program director.
The Southeast Oklahoma Woodturners will also sponsor two special contests at 2:00 p.m. on Friday and Saturday. A woodturning project chosen at random will be announced for members of the American Association of Woodturners to participate in. Additional prize money will be awarded each day for these winners.
This year's woodturning competition will also coincide with a Basket Making Workshop and an Art Retreat & Outdoor Painting Workshop: "Capturing Nature's Beauty," giving visitors and participants the chance to watch some serious lathe wrangling in between brush strokes. “Capturing Nature’s Beauty” is available for adult beginners or advanced painters on Friday & Saturday. For more information click the link above, visit or call Jamie Carter at 903-674-2018 to register.
Experienced basket maker, Linda Lou Alexander will be providing a workshop to teach her famed basket weaving skills. The workshops will be held at the Forest Heritage Center Museum on Friday, September 12th from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and Saturday, September 13th from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Two different types of baskets will be offered. For $10 guests can choose to make a Double Wall Western Cherokee Basket or for $15 you can make a Pine Needle Coiled Basket. There’s no need to register for this workshop; just come as you are. It’s a workshop for people of all ages with supplies provided.
All this will take place as gallery visitors seize the opportunity to interact with the artists as they compete. When the bell tolls, signaling the competition is over, judges will evaluate the techniques, artistry and craftsmanship to award the prestigious blue ribbon to the winning artists on Sunday, September 14th , 2014 at 1:00 p.m. during the opening reception. The turnings created during the competition will be added to the Forest Heritage Center’s permanent wood art collection and be on display until October 19th in the Wood Art Gallery.
In addition, each demonstrator’s represented club will have numerous woodturnings displayed in the wood art gallery and many of the artists will be on hand sharing their turning techniques and tricks of the trade. This is an excellent opportunity for the public to gain first-hand knowledge about woodturning from some of the region’s most talented woodturners.
"As the Wood Art Capital of Oklahoma, the Forest Heritage Center Museum
makes a perfect venue for this type of art experience," stated Doug
Zook, FHC Museum director."This should be an exciting weekend for all ages while showcasing the unique form of wood art."
This exhibit is made possible in part by Oklahoma Forestry Services, Oklahoma Arts Council and the Forest Heritage Center Advisory Board and staff.
Exhibit Open to the Public: September 12th - October 19th,
Gallery Hours: Wednesday – Saturday,
10:00 a.m. – 4:00 p.m. & Sunday 1:00 p.m. – 4:00 p.m
For more information contact the Forest Heritage Center Museum at 580-494-6497 (office) or click to email the museum.Hawaii gubernatorial and lieutenant gubernatorial election, 2014
Contents
- 1 Candidates
- 2 Results
- 3 Race background
- 4 Debates
- 5 Polls
- 6 Campaign media
- 7 Past elections
- 8 Voter turnout
- 9 Campaign finance
- 10 Key deadlines
- 11 Recent news
- 12 See also
- 13 External links
- 14 References
The race was rated a "toss-up" by The Cook Political Report and Governing, among numerous other political analysts and publications.[1][2] Learn more about developments in this race, including Abercrombie's primary defeat, in the race background section.
The competitive gubernatorial contest was the only race on the November ballot that threatened to shift the partisan balance of power in Hawaii. Going into the 2014 elections, both chambers of the state legislature and the governorship were held by the Democratic Party, making Hawaii a state government trifecta, or a single-party government. The Hawaii House of Representatives and Hawaii State Senate were considered safe Democratic, but if the governor's office turned red, Hawaii would have lost its trifecta status. Learn more about the state's most competitive legislative races in 2014 on the battleground chambers page.
Hawaii is one of 14 states that uses an open primary system, in which registered voters do not have to be members of a party to vote in that party's primary.[3][4][5] The primary took place on August 9.
Candidates
General election
Duke Aiona/Elwin Ahu[6]
David Ige/Shan Tsutsui
[7]
Jeff Davis/Cindy Marlin[8]
Independent Party candidates Mufi Hannemann/Les Chang[9]
Lost in the primary
Gubernatorial
Neil Abercrombie - Incumbent[10]
Van Tanabe[11]
Charles Collins - Retired businessman, artist, frequent candidate[11]
Stuart Gregory - Frequent candidate[11]
Lieutenant gubernatorial
Clayton Hee - State Sen.[12]
Sam Puletasi - State Medical Board Member[11]
Miles Shiratori - Lifeguard, Real Estate Investor[11]
Mary Zanakis - Television documentary producer[13]
Kimo Sutton[14]
Disqualified
(nonpartisan) Misty Davis[15]
(nonpartisan) Khistina Dejean[15]
(nonpartisan) Richard Morse, Jr.[15]
Withdrawn
(nonpartisan) Joe Spatola - Entertainer[15]
Results
General election
Primary election
Democratic primary
Gubernatorial
Lieutenant gubernatorial
Republican primary
Gubernatorial
Lieutenant gubernatorial.[16][17][18][19][20].[21].[22].[23][24].[25][26]] After the Senate post was given to Schatz, Hanabusa threatened a challenge to Abercrombie in the 2014 Democratic gubernatorial primary nomination.[32].[23] On August 9, Aiona won the GOP nomination for the second consecutive cycle, earning 97 percent of the vote in a three-way race.."[33].[33]
Republican primary
Polls
Primary election
General Election Hypothetical Match-up
Lieutenant gubernatorial primary
Campaign media
Outside organizations
Hawaii Forward
Republican Governors Association
Past elections
2010
On November 2, 2010, Neil Abercrombie and Brian Schatz won election as Governor and Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii. They defeated the Aiona/Finnegan (R), Cunningham/Spence (F) and Pollard/Kama (NP) ticket.[34] By comparison, 61.6 percent of VEP voted in the 2008 presidential election and 58.2 percent of VEP voted in the 2012 presidential election.[35]
Quick facts
- According to PBS Newshour, voter turnout in the 2014 midterms was the lowest since the 1942 midterms, which took place during the nation's involvement in World War II.[36]
-.[37]
Note: Information from the United States Elections Project was last updated on December 16, 2014.
Campaign finance
General election
Comprehensive donor information for this election has been collected by Follow the Money. Based on available campaign finance records, the candidates raised a raised a total of $5,726,295 during the election. This information was last updated on May 12, 2015.[38]
Gubernatorial primary election
Comprehensive donor information for this election has been collected by Follow the Money. Based on available campaign finance records, the candidates raised a raised a total of $4,804,347 during the election. This information was last updated on May 12, 2015.[39]
Lieutenant gubernatorial primary
Comprehensive donor information for this election has been collected by Follow the Money. Based on available campaign finance records, the candidates raised a raised a total of $271,412 during the election. This information was last updated on May 12, 2015.[40]
Key deadlines
Recent news
This section displays the most recent stories in a Google news search for the term "Hawaii + Governor + Election + 2014"
- All stories may not be relevant to this page due to the nature of the search engine.
Hawaii Gubernatorial election, 2014 News Feed
See also
- Governor of Hawaii
- Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii
- Hawaii state executive official elections, 2014
- State executive official elections, 2014
External links
References
- ↑ The Cook Political Report, "Governors Race Ratings 2014," September 15, 2014
- ↑ Governing, "2014 Governors Races," September Cite error: Invalid
<ref>tag; no text was provided for refs named
duke
- ↑ Cite error: Invalid
<ref>tag; no text was provided for refs named
ige
- ↑ Jeff Davis for Governor 2014 Official campaign website, "Meet Jeff," accessed February 18, 2014
- ↑ Hawaii News Now, "Hannemann supporters reach goal, will Mufi run?," February 21, 2014
- ↑ Neil Abercrombie for Governor 2014 Official Campaign Website, "Homepage," accessed September 3, 2013
- ↑ 11.0 11.1 11.2 11.3 11.4 Hawaii Division of Elections, "2014 Primary Candidate List: Certified," printed June 10, 2014
- ↑ Hawaii News Now, "Clayton Hee announces run for Lt. Governor," May 11, 2014
- ↑ Mary Zanakis for Lieutenant Governor 2014 Official campaign website, "Homepage" accessed June 30, 2014
- ↑ Kimo Sutton for Lieutenant Governor 2014 Official campaign website, "Homepage," accessed June 30, 2014
- ↑ 15.0 15.1 15.2 15.3 West Hawaii Today, "Nonpartisans in Hawaii governor race disqualified," June 25, 2014
- ↑ Cook Political Report, "2014 Governors Race Ratings," May 16, 2014
- ↑ Cite error: Invalid
<ref>tag; no text was provided for refs named
reelec
- ↑ Real Clear Politics, "2014 Governor Races, Ratings Map," accessed June 30, 2014
- ↑ 19.0 19 23.0 23 33.0 33.1 Hawaii News Now, "Final televised governor debate had winner and loser, analyst says," October 16, Hawaii 2014 elections," accessed May 12, 2015
- ↑ Follow the Money, "Overview of Hawaii 2014 elections," accessed May 12, 2015
- ↑ Follow the Money, "Overview of Hawaii 2014 elections," accessed May 12, 2015Verified ID
- Phone Number(▒▒▒) ▒▒▒- ▒▒ 02
- 1927 Friends
- Reviewed83 Reviews
- Offline IDPersonal Info
About Me
- School
- Davis High School, Stanford University, Stanford University
- Work
- Founder, Micro-Documentaries LLC; Director, The Happiest Place Film
- Ben's Airbnb Symbol
Visit create.airbnb.com »
Hey, I’m Ben!
Mill Valley, California, United States · Member since June 2011
I'm a documentary filmmaker and meditation / yoga instructor. My fiance Rachel teaches yoga, and is a birth doula and holistic health coach. We love to sing / play music together =)
Ben & Rachael were ideal hosts. The have a very calm & polite way about them and were fun to chat with during our stay in their wooded retreat house. Maybe some of the friendliest people I've ever met. The room was quaint and comfortable. Only one bathroom (downstairs) but we made it work. The house was very cute and located a few minutes out of town on some windy but picturesque roads. A true escape from hectic city life!This item has been sold...
...but we think you'll like these items, too.
This item has been added to your cart
or continue shopping.
Added to your wishlist!
- Corbin mortise 1920s vintage door hardware locks keys Lot unused
-
44511486.
Peak Music Stands Portable Music Stand Black
Item # 459529 | Condition: Info | Customer Ratings: ( 5 Based on 11 reviews)
- Store
- Availability
Usually arrives in 3-5 Days
3 on hand
Peak Music Stands Portable Music Stand Features:
- Tubular steel construction
Nylon tension-fitting base
Positive leg-lock feature
Adjustable height of 21" - 48"
5lb.
As reviewed by on
Was this review helpful?
A Good StandAs reviewed by Carl McLaughlin on 2/25/2013
Recently purchased this stand about a month ago because my keyboard's factory clip-on music stand was too weak to support the heavy books and 3-ring binders of sheet music I use. The stand has plenty of strength for the job. There was good adjustment range for height and angle. I was actually able to move the music closer than I could with the keyboard's factory stand. The two swing-up page keepers was a nice feature too. It's very light and the fold-up design with carry bag makes it travel friendly.3 of 3 people found this review helpful.Was this review helpful?Thank You for rating this review!
Sturdy Music Stand - Great ValueAs reviewed by Ellen McDonnell on 5/6/2013
I was looking for a solid backed music stand sturdy enough to hold my big 3 ring binder and my iPad and this is just the thing. It's quick and easy to set up. I also like the fact that it comes in a carrying case with a strap long enough to throw over your shoulder or carry like a backpack. The price is a great value - highly recommended.2 of 2 people found this review helpful.Was this review helpful?Thank You for rating this review!
GREAT stand!As reviewed by J Steven Beckham on 3/11/2013
I've had a variety of stands over the years and this one is my favorite. It's stable and light and collapses into an easily transportable package-- it's own fabric case with a handle. Unlike some other completely collapsable stands I've used, this one seems designed to avoid nasty finger pinching. It takes maybe 15 seconds longer to set up than my 2-piece stand, but it's worth it. It even has built in tray pegs to help hold your music open. It is also the best bang for the buck out thereUsed Chevrolet C/K 2500 in Shreveport, LA
New Search
Filter Results
listings
Price
Mileage
Accidents Reported
Text Search
Add Similar Cars
Choose Other Models to Add
Listings for these models will be added to the listings you are currently viewing.
CarGurus Quick Poll<<
1998 Chevrolet C/K 2500 Used Cars in West Monroe, LA 71292
Price: $7,565
Mileage: 124,227
Location: West Monroe, LA 71292
Average time on market: 18 days Certified Pre-Owned: No Transmission: Automatic Color: Summit White Description: Used 1998 Chevrolet C/K 2500 for sale - $7,565, 124,227 miles
Please wait ...
Filter your search criteria!
A large number of listings matched your criteria. You are seeing the top listings.Vehicles must be 30 years old for historic plate designation
Q: Are "historic vehicle" licence plates no longer available? I checked the MTO website (mto.gov.on.ca) and all that comes up when you search "historic plates" is YOM (year-of-manufacture) plates.
<p><strong>Q: Are "historic vehicle" licence plates no longer available? I checked the MTO website (mto.gov.on.ca) and all that comes up when you search "historic plates" is YOM (year-of-manufacture) plates. </strong></p><p><strong>A: </strong><em>Alan Cairns of the Ontario Ministry of Government and Consumer Services replies:</em></p><p>Licence plates with the "historic" designation are available at Driver and Vehicle licensing offices and Service Ontario centres. To qualify, vehicles must be at least 30 years old and substantially unchanged or unmodified from the original manufacturer product.</p><p><strong>Eric Lai adds:</strong></p><p>YOM plates are Ontario licence plates that can be attached to a passenger vehicle, motorcycle or commercial vehicle under 3,000 kg made in the same year as the plates. For example, original plates issued in 1959 may be attached to a vehicle made in 1959. To attach privately-acquired YOM plates (the ministry does not provide these scarce relics), the vehicle must meet the same criteria for "historic" plates, as above, and the plates must be from Ontario.</p><p>Upon application, the plates will be examined by ministry staff to verify authenticity. Only full sets of original plates dating from 1903 onward are allowed. Replica plates, no matter how realistic, will not be approved. Ontario licence plates were last manufactured showing the year 1973. These were circulated until 1976, when superceded by "Yours to Discover" plates with no imprinted year.</p><p>Prior to purchasing number plates or applying for authentication, collectors are advised to call the ministry at 416-235-2999 or 1-800-387-3445 to ensure the plate's alphanumeric combination is available.</p><p>If already registered in the MTO system, not in relation to the plates in question, your request will be denied.</p><p><strong>Q: Does fuel type affect a vehicle's insurance rate? For example, will converting a gasoline vehicle to run on propane or natural gas affect its premiums?</strong></p><p><strong>A:</strong> <em>James Geuzebroek, manager of media relations with the Insurance Bureau of Canada (ibc.com), replies:</em></p><p>Fuel type is not an underwriting factor (when determining auto insurance rates). However, the possible rating effect would be if the value of the vehicle itself is increased by the conversion and, therefore, the repair and/or replacement costs are up.</p><p>The conversion itself is a material change in the vehicle and would have to be declared to the insurer.</p><p><strong>Q: If objects attached to the windshield are an offence, what about 407-ETR (Express Toll Route) transponders? You have to mount them on the windshield according to policy.</strong></p><p><strong>A:</strong> Section 73 of the provincial Highway Traffic Act prohibits non-transparent objects on the windshield that obstruct the driver's view of the highway.</p><p> If you mount your transponder above your rear-view mirror or in the upper right or left corner of the windshield, for example, it doesn't block your view of the road and isn't considered a violation, say police.</p><p><strong>GAS REBATE UPDATE: </strong>In addition to issuing Air Miles, Shell also now offers a no-fee BMO Mosaik MasterCard that provides cash back. Cardholders receive an introductory 2.5 per cent rebate for the first three-months on purchases made at Shells across Canada. Beyond three-months, the rate is fixed at 1.5 per cent.</p><p>Premium Mosaik MasterCards, with an annual fee, offer 5 per cent (introductory) and 3.5 per cent (after three-months) rebates on Shell purchases. Alternatively, premium cardholders can opt for accelerated collection of Air Miles instead of cash back.</p><p>For full details, visit <a href="" target="_blank"></a> and click on "Mosaik MasterCard" on the right side Quick Links menu.</p><p><em>Email your non-mechanical questions </em></p><p><em>to Eric Lai at <a href="mailto:wheels@thestar.ca">wheels@thestar.ca</a>. </em></p><p><em>Please include year, make, model and </em></p><p><em>kilometres of autos cited, plus your name, address and telephone number. </em></p><p><em>Letters may be edited.</em></p><p> </p>
* Gonyou, Austin (austin coremetrics com) [010725 14:39]: > I agree....but this would have to be something like what I was talking > about earlier with what I thought that LVM should be able to do > eventually. Dynamic reallocation/re-striping at any raid level. The impression I got from the LVM FAQ was that LVM will not support RAID1 basically because md does. Maybe Heinz can shed some light on that situation and about the dynamic reallocation/restriping issue? Jason.Fun spring skiing and riding this morning.
Forecast
It's fogy and cooler on the upper half of the mountain as of 9:30, but the forecast calls for mostly sunny skies
Good spring conditions on the groomed runs this morning. Fast, firm p.m. groomed runs and softer, sugary a.m. groomed runs. Off-piste conditions vary between wind affected powder and hard packed conditions. There looks to be some fun lines to be found off the groomed runs.
Ski and ride with care as unmarked obstacles do exist. Always enjoy the mountain with a partner to share the fun and stay safe.Weather UpdatesBabyFur.ME is a social networking community for babyfurs, diaperfurs, cubfurs, kidfurs, littlefurs, sissyfurs, caretakers and friends of the community. The purpose of BabyFur.ME is to unite furs who share these interests in common in a safe and judgment free format. This community is private and requires registration. Babyfur trolling/bashing is not tolerated and will result in immediate ban. Site membership is currently restricted to furries only..
There are a few sub-groups within the babyfur community which are often described with the following terminology :
Many people don't identify with one single group, but can change roles depending on the situation and who they are interacting with.. Various paraphernalia help to satisfy these preferences:
Many babyfurs enjoy wearing all sorts of clothing. Some say the cuter it looks, the better it is. Such articles of clothing include the following : Overalls, Shortalls, Booties, Dresses, Onesies, Pajamas, Pants, Footed sleepers, Mittens, Bows.
A toddler's life is not complete without items such as cribs, walkers, strollers, high chairs, car seats/booster seats, pacifiers, baby bottles/sippy cups, talcum powder and bubble baths. Many babyfurs use these objects in online roleplay and would love to be able to use them in the real world.
As well as physical objects, some babyfurs find a keen interest in actions like blowing a raspberry, being held, or watching old television shows that are no longer available on TV. Many old children's shows such as 80's and early 90's cartoons on Nickelodeon were the same shows some babyfurs watched when they were little, and reminiscing about them leaves a nostalgic warmth.
Diapers are an item frequently used while "cubbing out". Like other aspects of babyfur, this can be done in the virtual world, the real world, or both. There are many babyfurs, however, that while they will wear diapers in online roles, do not in real life. Many babyfurs will wear diapers in real life for a feeling of security and comfort, but will not use them for their intended purpose. At the other end of the spectrum, there are some babyfurs that, either by choice or by necessity, wear and use diapers all the time.
Why babyfurs wear, and possibly use, diapers in the real world is varied. For some, they are forced to wear them because of a medical condition and have no choice in the matter. These people have often blended their real life situation with that of their furry persona. For others, it is a way they can regress into their furry persona's age. Some others see the diapers as a connection to their furry persona, paralleling a tail or fursuit in the general furry community.
The wearing (and especially the use) of diapers in the real world are at the heart of many issues that some members of the furry community in general have with the babyfurs. For example, it is not generally considered appropriate for a diaper user to soil themselves at a convention in the presence of other furry fans - or to put themselves in a situation where this is likely to happen - yet individuals have been known to do this, to the detriment of the group's reputation.
When cubbing out in both the real world and in online roleplaying, the level of connection to the role will vary between each player. Some babyfurs will become so involved and yearn for such an authentic childish mentality that they will use speech impediments and baby talk to communicate. Very few babyfurs make a habit out of using babytalk in the real world, similar to a gay lisp. Depending on the situation, a babyfur could even develop a habit of whining or crying to get what he/she wants from a caregiver or another roleplayer.
In light online role-playing, babyfurs may toddle, crawl and wag their tails playfully while the sounds of crinkling diapers abound. Pouncing, giggling, cuddling, snuggling and tummy rubbing ensue with the maximum possible level of cuteness.
Child-like behaviour, baby animal sounds and an emphasis on cuteness can be found among some furry fans when among themselves, even those who don't call themselves babyfurs and who don't participate in other babyfur activities described here, such as diapers or baby clothing.
While most babyfurs are closely attached to the development of young humans, a different approach can be found in online role-play, where newborn zoomorphic and anthropomorphic characters often grow up at a similar pace as wild animals, doing without accessories such as diapers and learning to walk in a short time. This has the practical advantage of sooner getting into an age that allows interesting role-play even for non-babyfurs when playing a character since birth. As in nature, opinions on when a character can be considered adult vary greatly.
"Cubbing Out" is a general term used by the community to describe roleplaying as a babyfur character. This can either be roleplay in the virtual world or the real world. Usually it will involve one or more regressed characters or people interacting with each other or with a caregiver.
"Padding" and "Getting Padded" may also refer to cubbing, in particular regarding to being diapered.
Caregivers (or caretakers) are the 'mommy' and 'daddy' figures in the roleplay. For the most part, they interact with other babyfurs as a mother or father would with their child. This can include playing with, cleaning or disciplining the younger character.
Just like furries in general, babyfurs go to conventions to spend time with friends and express their furriness. For many, that includes their babyfur aspects too. One may see many babyfurs dressed in juvenile clothing and with various paraphernalia because that is part of how they choose to express themselves. To some babyfurs, dressing in such a way is no different than other furries wearing ears, tails or fursuits.
At many conventions, hotel rooms are set up as gathering places for babyfurs to socialize privately, and many conventions now have unique babyfur rooms/parties available, instead of relying on the same people to run the same parties at every con. Two of the most notable are the C'ubhouse, run by LilPup, as well as the Cub Hub, a new room run by any of its core members (FoxCub, Natasha Softpaw, and Scritchwuff, currently) who show up for a particular con.
-----------------------------------------------
WikiFur contributors, "BabyFur," WikiFur the free encyclopedia written by and for the Furry community, (accessed April 30, 2011).
Released and available under CC-BY-SA license.Breaded Breast of Chicken (Chicken Cutlets)
Very simple chicken recipe, but one my family is quite fond of. They love when there are leftovers, so they can make sandwiches!
chicken, +eggs, +garlic, +bread crumbs, +vegetable oil, +salt - - Similiar recipes
Breast of Chicken on Rice
There are tons of variations of this recipe on 'Zaar' and maybe some identical...I searched for this one but didn't find it under this name...This comes...
chicken, mushroom, +cream of mushroom soup, +onion soup mix, +milk, +rice - Similiar recipes
Breast Of Chicken On Rice Recipe
mushroom, chicken, +cream of mushroom soup, +lowfat milk, +rice, +onion soup mix
Breast Of Chicken Saute' Recipe
chicken, mushroom, +black pepper, +vegetable oil, +onions, +white wine
Breast Of Chicken On Rice Recipe
Breast Of Chicken On Rice Recipe
mushroom, chicken, +cream of mushroom soup, +soup, +rice, +onion soup
Breast Of Chicken On Rice Recipe
Breast Of Chicken On Rice Recipe
Breast Of Chicken On RiceCommunity Search:
General pages only
All Sound Community
My Account
Contact Support
FAQs
Message Board
popular
threads
A Problem
Abuse
login | create
account
(requires login)
Author
Ben DeWitt
(unregistered)
Subject:
HELP! Problems with my 2120
08/12/2002
I recently purchased a used digitech 2120, and just put the upgrade chip in today. I was having some problems with it, and so i thought the upgrade would fix. BUT IT DID NOT. Basically, i let it warm up, cuz of the tubes, i thought that may have been the problem. what happens is it crackles like a radio sometimes (and uncontrollably, for variant amounts of time) when i switch to different channels on the control one... it seems to happen on channels with rever, wah, or delay on them. sometimes when i switch to channels like this, it just goes to a clean, almost bypass like sound....with no effects...even though is shows that it is working....I feel like i got ripped off, but i cant do anything about that, so now i want to see if i can get it fixed. I would appreciate it if you would let me know what i can do.Ben DeWitt
ben dewitt
Re: HELP! Problems with my 2120
08/13/2002
by the way, i also did what someone else has already said...about the static....i turn my amp on first always...as it needs warming.
coco
definitely call Digitech support (the ph#'s here on this site somewhere, sorry I don't have it handy),they are great; it is worth it to send to them for repair.
Mark Bratcher
As a last ditch effort, I'd change out the 12AX7WA's if you have any spare ones (eg, from your amp?).Outside of that, I agree with coco. Go to the support web page on this here DigiTech website and fill in the form and hit "send". Give a clear description of the problem including whether it's intermittent or whether always occurs under certain conditions. They're great at responding. Even if you have to send it it, it won't cost you an arm and a leg.
08/15/2002
ok...i sent it in to digitech. and its not the tubes, but i'm thinking of switching out the tubes to something different anyway....ben
tom kielemoes
09/03/2002
hey ben,i've the same problem man and no one seems be able to fix it, haven't send it in at digitech, cause i need it a lot to play, i don't have to change during a song or so so i can use it for now, is it also that when you have changed an effect and the crackle sounds, turn him off and then on and then you can play with this effect, they also told me from the support to change the tubes, but that isn't it, I just heard from another guy who has just bought one that he has the same f***in problem, this is not right, i don't knwo where you from but we are from belgium, europe. Could it be that the bad ones where sent to europe ???? If you have it back could you send me a message what it was and how much the cost is, if not in guarantuee, mine isn't anymore. could it be a Y2K bug ??? in the program.....
(requires login)
Vote on this thread:
Mark this as a "Sticky" thread.
Don't mark this as a sticky thread.
(requires login)
Mark this as a "Sticky" thread.
Don't mark this as a sticky thread.
(requires login)
© 2015 DigiTech®.The Scofield Bible Commentary, by Cyrus Ingerson Scofield, [1917], at sacred-texts.com
Isaiah 4:2
isa 4:2
branch
A name of Christ, used in fourfold way:
(1) "The Branch of Jehovah" (Isa 4:2), that is, the "Immanuel" character of Christ (Isa 7:14) to be fully manifested to restored and converted Israel after His return in divine glory (Mat 25:31).
(2) the "Branch of David" (Isa 11:1); (Jer 23:5); (Jer 33:15) that is, the Messiah, "of the seed of David according to the flesh" (Rom 1:3) revealed in His earthly glory as King of kings, and Lord of lords;
(3) Jehovah's "Servant, the Branch" (Zac 3:8) Messiah's humiliation and obedience unto death according to; (Isa 52:13-15); (Isa 53:1-12); (Phi 2:5-8).
(4) the "man whose name is the Branch" (Zac 6:12); (Zac 6:13) that is His character as Son of man, the "last Adam," the "second Man" (Co1." 2015-2016 FAFSA and be sure to list UW-Stevens Point's school code!
The IRS Data Retrieval Tool (DRT) is available February 2, 2015.
2015-2016 Financial Aid Awards sent to incoming freshmen.
Priority Date for submitting the FAFSA.
2015-2016 Financial Aid Awards sent to continuing and transfer students. Awards will include summer if registered.
Summer financial aid disbursesSenior Member
Join Date: Jan 2012
Posts: 255
Mentioned: 0 Post(s)
Tagged: 0 Thread(s)
Quoted: 0 Post(s)
Liked: 10
Is it possible to connect a sound bar that only uses the red and white cables? My optical no longer works on my sound bar, so this is my only option. Any input is greatly appreciated.- Brand: Lancaster Italy
- Style OLA0459RG-NR-NR
- Series Non Plus Ultra/Sport
- Style Casual
- Gender Men’s
- Strap Width 18 mm (20 mm at widest)
- Case Stainless steel IP rose gold plated
- Dial Color Rose gold textured
- Hands Black Rose Gold Textured Dial Gold IP Case Black Silicon
This simplistic design is fashionable and bold.
Original Price: $350
Yes, I'm picking Dante. I was playing Marvel vs Capcom 3 with my dad earlier, kicked his ass playing as Dante XD
Stage: Geeze, Dante would fight wherever he wanted. He breaks everything XD
Theme: "Lock and load" epic song right there man xD
Special move: All round, since he's half demon, he's pretty kickass. Abnormally strong, fast, agile, and instant healing (Dude can take a sword to the chest, he'll be fine!)
Dedicated to Aishia, for such a fun challenge .w.Watch Doctor Who: Creature from the Pit
Favorite
Creature From the Pit is classic Doctor Who presented in 4 chapters. The Doctor investigates a distress signal from Chloris, a world of lush jungle. Metal is rare on Chloris and its ruler Lady Adrasta controls the one remaining metal mine. The complicated story line centers on a huge blob which turns out to be an ambassador from the planet Tythonian. He came to Chloris to negotiate a trade agreement to exchange metal for chlorophyll. Adrasta imprisoned him in a pit to preserve her monopoly control on metal. As usual, the Doctor confronts danger with aplomb while saving the day.
- BBC
- 1 Season, 4 Episodes
- Fantasy, Science Fiction
Watch Full Episodes of Doctor Who: Creature from the Pit
Doctor Who: Creature from the Pit Full Episode Guide
- Episode 4 - Episode 4
The truth about the creature is revealed. But its imprisonment may have already set in motion a terrible revenge.
- Episode 3 - Episode 3
- Episode 2 - Episode 2
The Doctor is in a pit with a deadly creature. And Adrasta has plans for Romana and K-9.
- Episode 1 - Episode 1
The planet Chloris. Drawn here by a mysterious distress signal, the Doctor becomes the prisoner of the ruthless Adrasta. A strange and deadly pit await those who displease her.SETI
The Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence, better known as SETI, needs you. Actually, they need your money. The Berkeley outfit that’s looking for signs of life out there is hoping to raise $750K to fund its SETI@Home project.
For the uninitiated, SETI@Home asks volunteers to use their home computers to download and analyze radio telescope data. To date, 5.4 million volunteers have donated more than 2.4 million years of processing time to the effort. (For the record, no signs of life yet.) But even with all that free computing, they still need dough to keep the home fires burning.
The fundraising pitch paints a dire picture:.
So, if you want to support the search for intelligence, stop by here. Personally, I think we would do well to find more intelligence here on Earth.The World is Red
By MrBillyD
The sky is red. The clouds are red.
Red sails in the sunset.
The beach is red, as is what we're fed;
Red snapper caught in one net.
The sun is red, and so are the trees.
As are the gulls, gliding in the breeze.
Red is the wine, where we sit and dine;
As is the crowd that passes.
Red is the floor, where one I adore says,
"Take off those red tinted glasses."WASHINGTON--The Senate Armed Services Committee on Friday--in a second day of hearings on the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," the ban on allowing gays to serve openly in the military heard from the top leaders of each service branch.
Marine Corps commandant, Gen. James Amos-as expected--said in his testimony the repeal should not be implemented at this time, what with half of the Marine Corps engaged in war fighting efforts.
He said in prepared testimony a Pentagon survey on the repeal--which recommended the ban be lifted--found Marines in particular "viewed repeal negatively regarding unit effectiveness, unit readiness and cohesion."
Amos added, "Their message to me is that the potential exists for disruption to the successful execution of our current combat mission should repeal be implemented at this time."
Can gay soldiers fight? Yes. Thats all that matters since our military is there to fight, not have sex. Only someone who is insecure about his own sexuality would care. On another side of the issue is the fact that 30% of all women in the service have reported sexual harassment. Looks like the straight men are more disruptive to the services.
The United States Marines: The few. The proud. The too chicken to defend America if they have to do it fighting next to a gay dude.
If homosexuals can sleep and bathe with their sexual objects -- men or women of the same sex -- will heterosexuals have the right to sleep and bathe with the objects of their sexual desire?
Congrats to Gen Amos for maintaining the only level head in the discussion. There may be a time to experiment with openly gay marines, but right now is not the time. I still haven't heard a good argument as to why the gay folks feel that they need to publicize their sexual activities... frankly, I would really rather not know if someone is gay...I don't need to know...if the argument is "what does being gay have to do with doing my job" then I whole heartedly agree...keep it to yourself and we will all be happy.
I'd say that non-Marines and people who've never been in combat have insufficient data to judge the USMC on this issue.
I served stateside in USMC 1961 - 1965 and am a Vietnam Era Veteran.
Hey Glen. My husband is a Marine of 18yrs. He's in Afghanistan right now. You wouldn't have the balls to say that to his face I assure you. We have 2 gays men who are the God Fathers of our 2 children. Even they don't agree with it. They don't want to force their sexuality on other and make them uncomfortable. Military men and women have to shower together among othe things and their right to be comfortable sround others shouldn't be taken away either.
God Bless the Marines.
Can gay soldiers fight? Yes. Thats all that matters since our military is there to fight, not have sex.
Sums it all really parable...How we meet the needs of more able children
“The school provides well for more able, gifted and talented pupils…” Inspection report, November 2012
Classes are limited in size to 15 in Reception to Year 2, 18 in Year 3 and 20 in Years 4, 5 and 6.Teaching assistants feature throughout, particularly in Reception to Year 3. Setting for mathematics starts in Year 5.
- Identification: More able pupils are identified by class/subject teachers or assessment via the admission process. Pupils are referred to a ‘More Able’ register, which is distributed to staff. This register is updated as required.
- Differentiated class work and prep: This may be differentiated in terms of difficulty and degree of challenge. For example:
- In Maths lessons the pupils may be working towards a higher National Curriculum level and so appropriate work will be set.
- In science, a pupil may be able to access more complex concepts and processes.
- A Year 1 advanced readers may join Year 2 for some reading sessions. Advanced readers are also given extension sessions with staff.
- Success Criteria: Pupils are working on the same task. The teacher uses the success criteria to show pupils what they expect them to achieve in the work. For more able pupils the success criteria will reflect a teacher’s expectations and encourage/guide the pupil to work towards this achievement independently.
Questions/Thinking Skills:
- During class, more able pupils will have the opportunity to answer extension questions.
- In thinking activities, pupils are encouraged to apply higher order thinking skills.
- In topic work, pupils are encouraged to think of their own questions to investigate.
- Research/Topic work: Pupils may be given a research task, some of which require a greater level of reading or research skills, with some pupils being expected to handle more complex information and concepts. In some instances, research may be set for prep. Here pupils may work on a task for which there is no particular right answer or outcome and each is then free to explore different approaches and levels of complexity.
- Reading/Comprehension: Sharing of texts with pupils. Pupils are encouraged to show a greater understanding e.g. complex inference and author’s techniques, by appropriate questioning.
- 11+ Sunflower Club: Pupils who are identified to prepare for the 11+ examinations attend this extension club during the Autumn term. Every year those Moyles Court pupils who have the ability, gain places at grammar school.
- After School Clubs: Many clubs are offered covering a whole host of activities including French, Chinese Mandarin, Drama, Music, Creative and Sports activities. Most of these are at no extra cost . View the current list of After School clubs
Verified phone number
- I enjoy giving back to the community, and genuinely believe in doing for others with an attitude of complete selflessness. I joined RelayRides because it is a company that appears to share this core value at the corporate level.
- Lives:Hillside, IL
- Works:
- School:Currently working toward a degreeI have my emotional highs and lows, battling my inner daemons, struggling to constantly produce art while confronting everyday stress. Dave has continuously been there for me. He has always been a great source of motivation as well as a superb source of inspiration.
Ok, let's talk more about the comic!
I've never done an Art Jam before, but I've always wanted to. I didn't know what to expect. It was Christmas morning, Rie was getting ready for work, family wanted to talk to me, I had to water my co-workers plants, and the 8am start time was quickly approaching.
The first panel came in and it was gorgeous! Dave's hours spent laboring over reproductions of still life in various mediums certainly shows. I was instantly intimidated and didn't know what to do. I had the idea that the house was floating in space, but thought it to be a better story telling element to show the character first (after drawing panel 2, I later had the idea of making the guy at the window a monologuing bond villain, staring out at his tropical island, while a 00 agent is being tortured in the BG. Maybe next time). My panic lead me to split this panel into two and it ended up being like 40-45 minutes late... for various reasons.
I didn't know what to draw (at first). The key is to just go with what ever pops into your mind first, because you don't really have much time other wise. If half of your time has gone by and you're not already inking, you're kinda screwed.
Another thing was, I didn't know what materials to use. I'm use to doing most of my inking by crow quill pen, which is kinda slow and meticulous. It was maybe in panel 4 where I switched to using a technical pen more often, still trying to figure out a nice balance.
Then there was the question on how to letter. You may notice that my lettering changes throughout each panel. Lettering is something that I need to practice more, and I've been going at it with an Ames lettering guide and a crow quill a few times over the past week or so. Problem is, I haven't lettered any comics recently, so I wasn't sure of what size to use, etc... Also, under such tight time restraints, it's probably not practical to use a crow quill for lettering.
His panel 3 came an hour later. The imagery and text both suggested things for me to play off of. The space ant thing could have gone two ways; either he really wanted to play this game with her or there really were space ants out there. I chose the latter because it sounded like fun. Also, even Dave's choice of the window shape help influence me to make their 'compound' dome shaped rather than an ordinary looking villa.
This turned into a nice game of comic ping pong and I became less self critical and more confident in my choices.
Page 2 panel 1 Dave really gave the girl a personality with his selection of dialogue, and I wanted to play off this in panel 2 by having her more excited that there really are flesh eating space ants. I also decided in this panel that she was a robot (she's got a little plug on her neck), but we never did anything with that.
Page 2 panel 3 really looked great! From the dynamic angle and the great lettering, to the little air poofts from the helmet opening. He even passed me the ball by having the little girl say "Hey!"
It was my job to finish this thing. I slapstick gag seemed like the best route to take.
Well, we finished it, and I thought it was incredibly rewarding. You learn so much about yourself as well as learn a lot from your partner. But, working under such quick deadlines, I am constantly reminded of my faults. Which I guess is what makes it such a good exercise. One practices and practices. This challenge is like going out on the field and seeing how your practice payed off.
Man, so I definitely found out what I need to work more on... which is everything. It's my dream to have my comics published. I'm turning 30 next year and I always wonder if I can still do it. I certainly hope so... but I have to work so much harder. Dave, thank you so much for doing this challenge with me. I'd love to do it again sometime. Also, thank you so much for your support and motivation. I am blessed to have someone like you in my life.
Thank you all for reading and see you next week!
Oh yeah! Happy New Year!
Alan, thank you for those kind words and truly insightful notes. It was a great day, and a real cartoon workout for both of us! I really like your ping pong analogy- it was just like that! Back and forth so fast, with no real time to think.
As you say, we hit each other open-ended visual cues; some which took (the space ants, the window), and some which didn't (robot girl?) I must admit, I did notice the plug in her neck, but by that stage I was only thinking about progressing the space ant aspect of the story.
OK- the materials! Admirable as it was, I definitely feel that the crow quill was the wrong tool for the job. This was an exercise in rapid fire toonage, and I think felt-tip was more suitable. For the kids at home, I was using a Kuretake brush pen, and a Uni-ball 0.5mm gel roller for the details and fine lines. For the lettering I used a 0.5 and 0.8mm Pigma graphic pen.
Overall I think the second page is better in terms of us creating a cohesive style, and I think this has a lot to do with your space ants, Alan. We each took a couple of panels to refine the design, but I think it paid off.
And the ending is just gold! I was so pleased to see you went for a comedy finish. This is more often than not the best way to wrap up such a short story, and I think we'd already established a good sense of humour earlier.
Thanks again, Alan. I can't wait for our next art jam, but for now I'll content myself with the awesomeness that is Tangents of Insanity!{font face="Courier New"} Strategy Guide for The Tone Rebellion Written by Marcus Spears The Tone Rebellion is a trademark of The Logic Factory, Inc. This strategy guide is based on my observations from many long hours of playing The Tone Rebellion. Some of the tables at the end of this document are based on what is printed in the manual. Let's start with a brief discussion of the four realms and the effect they have on gameplay. 1. Realms of Existence There are four realms of existence in The Tone Rebellion. These are: ? The Physical realm, the realm of matter and objectively defined reality. ? The Supernatural realm, the realm of logic, reason, and understanding. ? The Ethereal realm, the realm of spirits, dreams, and the intangible. ? The Natural realm, the realm of life and instincts. Living creatures exist on all four realms at once, but they are most comfortable when their perception is firmly rooted in one realm. They can dimly perceive creatures of other realms, but they will seem to have amazing powers and will seem alien and frightening. For example, to a physical Floater, creatures of the natural realm have incomprehensible and otherworldly powers, and what they do is strange and seemingly without purpose. Energy flows in limited ways between the realms. The direction of the flow determines how much one realm can affect another, as shown below: ? Physical dominates Supernatural ? Supernatural dominates Ethereal ? Ethereal dominates Natural ? Natural dominates Physical There are also tides between the realms which oppose each other. These pairs of realms are called opposites, as shown below: ? Physical is opposite Ethereal ? Natural is opposite Supernatural When the energy tide favors a realm, it dominates its opposite across the circle. The tides spend equal time at each end of their swing so, overall, no realm dominates its opposite. An example of this influence is an ethereal vampire, who has frightening powers at night but is weakened and helpless during the day, when its nocturnally helpless victims of the physical realm are bold and strong. Each of the four tribes of Floaters comes from a different realm. The Tark exist in the Physical realm. They are always more powerful than Supernatural creatures, but are weak against Natural creatures. Depending on the tides, they may be more or less powerful than Ethereal creatures. The Zygons exist in the Supernatural realm. They are stronger than Ethereal creatures and weaker than Physical creatures, and so forth. The Cepheans exist in the Ethereal realm, and the Dyla exist in the Natural realm. In game terms, this means that you may be stronger or weaker than some of Leviathan's creatures that you will face. There are four Leviathan spawn of each realm, two with ranged attacks and two without. When a Tark attacks a Drack, a Leviathan creature from the supernatural realm, the Tark's attacks will hit more frequently and do more damage, while the Drack will do less damage than normal. If the same Tark is attacked by a Zwacker, a creature of the Natural realm, the Zwacker's attacks will be stronger than usual, and it will be more resistant to the attacks of the Tark. A Zygon would be more effective against a Ronth (ethereal), and less effective against a Rakalingus (physical), and so forth. Some Floaters of a given tribe are able to shift their perception into another realm. For example, the Tark Gazers are able to perceive the supernatural plane. There are also spells that can shift the perceptions of a Floater to the next realm, or back to the previous one. For instance, casting the Realm Transcend spell on a group of Gazers will shift their perception (temporarily) into the Ethereal realm. This affects their strength against creatures of other realms. Table 4 at the end of this strategy guide gives you some basic information on all the different enemies you will face in the game. At the lower levels of difficulty, you can pretty much ignore these effects. At higher levels, however, the effect of the tides is more pronounced, and you will want to learn which creatures should be attacked by which group of Floaters. 2. Tone Pools, Tone Flow, and Tone Nodes You must have an understanding of the way in which Tone functions. Tone Pools are the source of Tone Flow, which provides the vital force for the structures and Floaters of your tribe. Each Pool that you restore to health will add to the tribal Tone Flow. Each Floater consumes one point of Tone Flow simply by living. Each Tone Spreader, Tone Solidifier, Tone Crystal Grower, and Magic Tone Creator also consumes one point of Tone Flow. Tone nodes resemble blue spirals. They come in three sizes: Small, medium, and large. Your four basic structures (Tone Spreaders, Tone Solidifiers, Tone Crystal Grower, and Magic Tone Creator) should be built on the small nodes wherever possible. This allows you to build your Dojos and mage towers on the medium and large nodes. You can see the current boundary of the Tone Flow by looking at which Nodes are lit. You liberate Tone Pools by removing the spawners and the growths around it. If it does not start spouting Tone (which means it has not been primed), you can prime the pool by spreading Tone over to it. You always want to build Tone Spreaders as close to the current boundary of the Tone Flow as possible, and preferably on one of the smaller nodes. New Floaters will only be born when you have a Surplus Flow of 5 or greater. If you lose all your Tone Pools, no new workers can be born, and the game is over for you. If you have more than one Tone Solidifier, Tone Crystal Grower, or Magic Tone Creator, and you are not using all of them, you can turn the building off to get more Tone Flow. You cannot turn off Tone Spreaders, but if you are not using any of the nodes that it activated, then you can order your Floaters to attack and destroy it. If you need more workers, and you are having trouble getting enough Tone Flow, and if you have more than one Dojo, then try to find a Dojo that you aren't really using much. Order your Floaters to attack and destroy it. The Floaters that were trained in that Dojo will revert to normal Workers. 3. Workers Workers are very intelligent, and are the experts on how to get things done. They organize their own efforts on the jobs you give them, rather than you giving specific orders to each Floater. They balance their work based on the importance you assign to each job. Floaters that have been trained in Dojos will not do the job of a Worker. Workers can and will cross the bridges between the islands, so they will go where the work is. Here are some of the jobs that Workers can perform: ? Build structures ? Charge Dojos and spell towers so their special Floaters can recharge energy, heal, and train ? Repair structures ? Enlarge structures ? Use keys and artifacts ? Defend against hostile intruders, usually as a last-ditch measure, when the panic button is on You can control the priority of jobs from the Task List. Each task can be cancelled, or you can set it to Normal Priority, High Priority, or Exclusive Priority. Any job set to Exclusive Priority will only share Workers with other Exclusive jobs. Any High or Normal priority jobs are put on hold as long as an Exclusive job is being performed. High Priority jobs get a larger percentage of the work than Normal Priority jobs, but the Normal jobs are not put on hold. For example, if you had 16 Workers and 4 jobs, then each job would normally get 4 Workers assigned to it. If you set two of those jobs to High Priority, they would get 6 Workers each, while the other two Normal priority jobs would get 2 Workers each. Note that in order to build a Tone Spreader, Tone Solidifier, Tone Crystal Grower, and Magic Tone Creator, you must have at least one point of Tone Flow available. If you start building one of these four structures, and you notice that no Workers are being assigned to it, then you will have to turn off or destroy one of your other buildings to get the Flow you need. Workers can defend against hostile intruders, if you turn on the panic button. Sometimes, before your first Dojo is built, spores may threaten your only Tone Pool, or a Leviathan creature may start attacking one of your buildings to try to destroy it. If this happens, use the panic button. Your Workers are physically weak, however, and if you attack a creature with them, expect some of them to die. (Spores don't have an attack, so they are not a danger to your Workers. not directly, anyway!) 4. Tone Creators and Stockpiles There are three types of Tone, each with its own purpose. Structure Tone is produced by a Tone Solidifier. Your Tribal Center will also produce Structure Tone, but at a painfully slow rate. These balls of solidified Tone are used to build, upgrade, and repair structures. It is also used when teleporting structures. Tone Crystals are the densest, most energetic form of Tone. A Dojo uses these crystals to fuel the large amounts of energy that the trained Floaters use in their attacks. They are also used for training and healing Floaters. Tone Crystals and Magic Tone are both required to cast spells. Tone Crystals are created by Tone Crystal Growers. Finally, the intangible orbs of Magic Tone makes the casting of spells possible, and some is used with each spell cast. It also supplies one of the components needed to teleport structures. It is created by a Magic Tone Creator. At the start of a game, your Tribal Center has 50 balls of Structure Tone in its stockpile. It can store up to 150 of each type of Tone. As you discover more islands, your Tribal Center will become noticeably larger. A Level 2 Center can stockpile 200 of each type of Tone, and the largest Center can stockpile 250 of each type of Tone. When you teleport a building, it always draws Magic Tone and Structure Tone from this reserve. To look at the Tribal Center status, click on any empty part of the screen. There will be three huts below the "Spare Flow" indicator. These icons may have a closed roof (no Tone goes in or out of storage, though the reserve of Structure Tone and Magic Tone will still be used when teleporting buildings). If there is an arrow pointing out of the hut, your Workers may take that type of Tone from your stockpile. If there is an arrow pointing into the hut, your Workers will begin delivering the appropriate type of Tone to the Tribal Center, unless you are already storing the maximum possible amount. Each Dojo also has its own stockpile of Crystal Tone (and Magic Tone for mage towers). If this stockpile is less than maximum, your Workers will automatically start delivering Crystal and/or Magic Tone to the building until the stockpile is at maximum. This stockpile is used whenever a Floater is trained, or when they must return to the building to heal or recharge. Trained Floaters will only go back to the Dojo that trained them, never to any other Dojo or your Tribal Center. So, if you are under frequent attack, and your trained Floaters are returning frequently to the Dojo, you may want to check the task list and find which task is supplying Tone to that Dojo, and assign more workers to it by raising the task's priority. The reason they may be returning frequently may be because there is not enough Tone being delivered to fully recharge the Floaters. 5. Giving Orders to trained Floaters The quickest way to give orders to your trained Floaters is to left-click on one of the Floaters from a group, then right-click on a target. They will perform the most appropriate action based on where you clicked. If you right-clicked on a building, they will guard that building. If you right-clicked on a creature or growth, they will attack that creature, and so forth. You can also send them back to the Dojo to recharge if you have time between attacks, to ensure that they are ready for the next attack. When you attack an enemy, the Floaters attacking that enemy will automatically try to flee back to their Dojo when either their charge or their health gets too low. It is advisable later in the game to have at least two Dojos, so that you can have one on the front lines while the other returns to its Dojo to recharge. Spell casters tend to hang around their mage tower, and will protect it if it is threatened. You want to keep your mage tower close to the front lines so your mages can respond quickly, but not so close that the building gets threatened because your spell casters are physically weak. You can order Spell Floaters to a specific location by right-clicking on where you want them to go when their spell tower is selected. Remember that you can order your Dojo Floaters to attack your own buildings if you need extra Tone Flow. If you desperately need Workers, you can attack one of your own Dojos. 6. Getting Started No matter which tribe you start the game as, you will start with the same resources: You will have one Tone Pool, four Workers, and 50 Structure Tone in your Tribal Center. If you play as the Tark, you will start on the island Tarzus; the Cepheans start in the Cephean Sea (duh!), the Dyla start on the island Pangir, and the Zygons originate from the Crystal Caves. Your first objective should always be to build a Tone Solidifier in one of the small Tone Nodes. Once that is complete, you should begin construction of a Tone Crystal Grower and your first Dojo. Your first Dojo will be the Brotherhood of the Tentacle for the Tark, the Clan of Sol for the Zygon, the Banshees for the Cepheans, and the Summoners for the Dyla. Once all these buildings are completed, you might want to build a Magic Tone Creator and start stockpiling all three types of Tone for later use. Your Tribal Center can store 150 Tone of each type. As you visit more islands, your Tribal Center will grow; a Level 2 Tribal Center can store 200 Tone of each type, and a Level 3 Center can store 250 Tone of each type. Depending on the level of difficulty you selected, you may be able to build all four of these buildings and fill your stockpile without ever encountering any enemies, except for spores. 7. Early Expansion Now it's time to start expanding. Build a Tone Spreader as close to the edge of the Tone Flow as possible. This will reveal more Tone Nodes and allow you to see more of the map. Hopefully, this will include a second Tone Pool, which will have a huge spawner growing over it. You should start by ordering your trained Floaters to attack any spawn with a ranged attack, especially if there is more than one. These include the Plasid, Grender, Mesron, Clockwork Sentinel, Anenepode, and Xylus. If there is more than one of these types of spawn, you may want to ignore any creatures until you've destroyed the spawn, because the spawn are much easier to kill. Next, attack any creatures in the area, then start attacking the spawn without a ranged attack. Once all the spawn and creatures are gone, start attacking the spawner. (The spawner itself cannot attack, except to create new creatures; this is why you want to save it for last.) If the spawner creates any new creatures while you are attacking it, destroy the creature, then return to the spawner. This should reveal a new Tone Pool, which may or may not be primed. If it is not yet primed, build another Tone Spreader as close to the current edge of the map as possible. This should prime it and allow it to add Tone Flow to your tribe. Once you've captured a second Tone Pool, you may want to teleport a Tone Solidifier and a Tone Crystal Grower closer to the front lines, or build new ones. Then build a new Dojo near the front lines. Have the Floaters from your current Dojo set to guard the Tone Spreader that is closest to the Tone Pool. This way they can defend the Tone Pool from spores, and defend your workers from Leviathan's creatures. Continue advancing in the same manner: Clear a Tone Pool, and set some of your floaters to guard that general area. At the lower difficulties, you may not have to keep teleporting your structures to the front lines. At higher difficulty levels, when the enemy attacks far more frequently, you will probably want to teleport your buildings closer to the front lines as you advance, so that your Floaters won't have to go so far to recharge. Once you have destroyed all Spawners on an island, it becomes a mop-up job, destroying any remaining creatures and growths. Leviathan creatures cannot cross over the bridges to re-infest an island that has been cleared. 8. Experience and Advancement As your Floaters attack the enemy, they gain experience. All Floaters (except for Mage Floaters) gain one experience point per successful hit. Mage Floaters gain 5 experience points for each spell they cast. Floaters with enough experience are able to advance to a higher level. Simply having the experience is not enough, though. As you open bridges to new islands, your wisdom increases, and you will be able to upgrade your Dojos, or build a new type of Dojo. If you can upgrade a Dojo, a blue double-arrow will indicate that it can be upgraded. Once a Dojo has been enlarged to level two, your two most experienced Floaters from that Dojo will become 2nd-level Floaters. This will increase their hit points and the strength of their attacks. Two Workers will be recruited to replace the two 1st-level Floaters. Likewise, when you upgrade a Dojo to level three, your most experienced 2nd level Floater may be advanced to 3rd level. Your most experienced 1st-level Floater will be advanced to 2nd level, and a Worker will be recruited to replace the 1st level Floater, for a maximum of six trained Floaters per Dojo. If your Floaters do not have enough experience to advance, that Dojo may be understaffed for a while. Mage towers are different. They only train one Floater of each level, for a maximum of three mages per tower. The number of upgrades you will have depends on the size of the world, not on the difficulty level. On a small world (six islands) you will not be allowed to have most of the upgrades and new Dojos. On a medium world (ten islands) you will have all but one of the upgrades, and on a large world (14 islands), you will be able to have all the upgrades. This makes a high-difficulty game with a small world extremely difficult, since you will not have as many high-powered Floaters. Table 1 at the end of this strategy guide gives you some information on the types of Dojos each tribe can build. On most games, you can win with only a few buildings (other than Tone Spreaders). Usually, this consists of two or three Tone Solidifiers, three Tone Crystal Growers, and two Magic Crystal Generators. One of each of these, you will keep close to your Tribal Center for when you want to replenish your stockpile. The others you will place close to your front lines, so that you can resupply your Dojos more quickly. I usually build two Dojos of each type, except for Mage Towers; I usually only build one Mage Tower, because my mages rarely engage in direct combat. 9. Late Expansion You will probably find one or more Bridge Keys on each island. These are used to open passages to other islands. I recommend advancing slowly, one island at a time. When you open a bridge, take a look at the new island first. You may need to send some trained Floaters to that world to destroy any creatures in the area first. Otherwise, when you start teleporting your buildings to that world, the building may be attacked, and can be badly damaged or destroyed before the Floaters catch up. Teleporting a building is instantaneous; the Floaters from that Dojo still have to get to the bridge and cross the bridge to get there. Also, before you start teleporting buildings, go to your Tribal Center and make sure your stockpile is fully charged. Remember that the Structure Tone and the Magic Tone stored in your Tribal Center is used to teleport buildings. After you have cleared out the creatures, and perhaps the spawn with ranged attacks, the first thing you will teleport is one of your Dojos, followed by a Tone Crystal Grower and a Tone Solidifier. Teleport more Dojos to the island as you free up more Tone Nodes. 10. Mystic Locations and Artifacts Each island has one of the ancient Mystic Locations on it. Each of these mystic locations requires two artifacts to activate it. You will find these artifacts randomly scattered around the islands. (This randomness is the reason why it is impossible to write an actual "walkthru" for this game.) The mystic locations will be on the same islands every time, though. Table 5 at the end of this strategy guide tells you which artifacts are needed for each mystic location. Each Mystic Location you activate will give you another rune. All the runes must be found before you can destroy the Leviathan. At some point after you get your first rune, an Awakened One will be born. This special floater will glow blue, so it is easy to identify. It tends to hover around your Tribal Center, except when you send it to Friid (the Leviathan's home) to use the runes you've collected. You must keep this floater alive; it is the only one who knows how to use the runes. It will not act as a Worker, nor can it be used to attack the enemy, except when the Panic button is turned on. 11. Using Spells This section is slightly out of place, but I had to put it in somewhere. To use a spell, select a spell tower. Eight icons will appear in the lower right corner of the screen, each one indicating a different spell. If the tower doesn't have any mages experienced enough to cast the spell, the name of the spell will appear in red when you pass your cursor over it. If you have the skill to cast it (but not necessarily enough Tone Crystals or Magic Tone), the name of the spell will appear in white. Most spells require a target after casting. Six spells do not require a target at all. These are: Healing, Sacrifice, Enchant Tribe, Chi Flare, Cadmus, and Channel Chronomyst. Three spells require you to target a Tone Pool. These are Free Tone Pool, Tone Pool Rebel, and Pool Ward. Six spells require you to target one of your Dojos. These are: Heal Dojo, Repair, Force of Will, Realm Transcend, Stamina, and Racial Memory. The spell of Silent Shield is the only one that targets a specific Tone Node. Enchant Dwelling can target any of your buildings. Star Disk can be used on any structure or growth except Spawners. Sky Stoner and Paralyze Growths require you to target a growth, though Paralyze Growth has an area of effect and also paralyzes any growths near the target. Far Obtain's target is an artifact. Spell duration can be classified as Temporary, Instant, or Permanent. Those with Instant effects are usually those which destroy something. These are Sacrifice, Star Disk, Sky Stoner, Free Tone Pool, and Chi Flare. Most spells are temporary, and last for only a certain period of time. These spells include Channel Chronomyst, Cadmus, Racial Memory, Tone Pool Rebel, Stamina, Enchant Tribe, Realm Transcend, Force of Will, Pool Ward, Silent Shield, Enchant Dwelling, Paralyze Growths, and Far Obtain. Those spells that I classify as "Permanent" are usually healing spells. They don't have a specific duration, and their effects are permanent until the target is damaged again. These include Heal Dojo, Healing, Repair, and Awaken Spirit. Table 2 at the end of this strategy guide tells you which spells can be used by which tribes. Table 3 tells you how many Crystal Tone and Magic Tone are needed to cast the spell, and a brief description. 12. Useful Spells This section includes a listing of all the spells in the game, who can use them, and when you will find them most useful. Some spells are more useful than others. Your mileage may vary. Enchant Dwelling is a 1st-level spell. The Cepheans and the Tarks can use this spell. It is most often used when you have a building (any building, not necessarily a Dojo) close to the front lines that the enemy seems determined to destroy. Casting this spell on that building will temporarily protect it from all damage. Far Obtain is a 1st-level spell, used only by the Zygons. This is useful when you want to grab an artifact that is in a spot surrounded by a lot of dangerous creatures or spawn, and you aren't ready to try to destroy them yet. It will fetch an artifact from any visible spot on the island where your mage tower is located. It would be more useful if it would fetch an artifact from any island, not just the one that the tower is on. Heal Dojo is a 1st-level spell, used by the Zygons and the Dyla. When you cast this spell and pick a Dojo, all the trained Floaters from that Dojo are fully healed. This is especially useful when you're engaged in a hot battle on the front lines, and you really can't risk pulling them back to heal. Healing is a 1st-level spell known only by the Dyla. It calls upon the essence of Tone to heal several of your most wounded Workers. I didn't think this spell was that useful, since Workers are usually easy to replace, and if you're careful, they won't be attacked anyway. Paralyze Growths is known by the Zygons and Cepheans. This spell must be targeted on a specific Leviathan growth, but it has an area effect, temporarily paralyzing the target and any other growths nearby. It can be useful when you are getting ready to clear out a large cluster of growths. Pool Ward is a 1st-level spell known only to the Dyla. This is a very useful spell, since it surrounds a Tone Pool with an energy shield that prevents Leviathan Spores from infecting it with a new Spawner. If you don't have enough Magic Tone and Crystal Tone in your stockpile, this spell can protect a newly-freed Tone Pool until you can teleport a Dojo close enough to defend it. Repair is another 1st-level spell known only to the Dyla. It is useful in the same circumstances as Enchant Dwelling. If one of your buildings keeps being attacked, you can use this spell to keep it repaired until help can arrive. It won't prevent it from being damaged again, but its relatively low Tone cost makes it economical to cast. Sacrifice is a 1st-level spell known to the Tarks. The Wizard gives up his life, creating a wave of Tone power that will severely damage anything nearby. I almost never use this spell, because it deprives you of one of your mages until a new one can be trained. Silent Shield is a 1st-level spell known only by the Cepheans. It works like Pool Ward, but it protects a Tone Node from being infected by Leviathan Spawn. This spell is not really very useful as far as I'm concerned; it's easy enough to just send some trained Floaters to attack the infection before it grows into a new spawn. Star Disk is by far the most useful spell known by the Tarks. It will destroy a structure or growth at any distance (not spawners, however), so you don't have to risk your valuable Floaters in a direct assault. Awaken Spirit is a 2nd-level spell, known by the Dyla and Tarks. The target is one of your Dojos. All Floaters from that Dojo will be given additional hit points equal to their base hit points. (For example: The base hit points of a Dyla Summoner is 17. If it had only 11 hit points left, and you cast this spell on its Dojo, 17 more hit points would be added, giving it a total of 28 hit points.) These hit points are "permanent" until the Floater is damaged again. Enchant Tribe is known to the Zygons and Tarks. It temporarily makes all your workers immune to all harm. It's useful when you must send them into combat, or to pick up an artifact surrounded by dangerous growths. Free Tone Pool is known by the Cepheans and Dyla. It summons the Tone Fury (which looks like a glowing magical bird) to destroy a Leviathan Spawner at any distance. By far this is one of the most useful spells. Force of Will is known to the Tarks only. The target is one of your Dojos. All Floaters from that Dojo will temporarily have higher strength (more damage per attack) and skill (more damage per attack). Realm Transcend is a spell used by the Zygons and Dyla. The target is one of your Dojos. It temporarily shifts the Floaters of that Dojo into the next realm of existence, allowing them to have better effectiveness against certain creatures. Most useful on the higher difficulty levels, where the effect of the tides between the four realms is more pronounced. Sky Stoner is also known only by the Tarks. The target is any Leviathan creature. It calls down celestial boulders that will totally destroy that creature. Very useful. Stamina is known only by the Zygons. The target is one of your Dojos. This allows the Floaters from that Dojo to continue fighting without having to return to the Dojo to resupply their Crystal Tone (though they may still have to return to heal). Very useful in a pitched battle. Tone Pool Rebel is a spell used by the Cepheans. It temporarily paralyzes the Spawner that you use it on, so it can't create spores or new creatures. Cadmus is a 3rd-level spell known by the Cepheans and the Tarks. It mesmerizes the hostile creatures (both growths and creatures) so they turn their hostility randomly against each other. Very useful. Channel Chronomyst is known by the Zygons and Dyla. It temporarily doubles the speed of all your Floaters, both your Workers and your trained Floaters. Exceptionally useful. Chi Flare is a spell used only by the Zygons. No target is required; the area of effect is centered on the caster, shattering anything nearby. Rarely useful to me because I don't let my mages get into front line battles. Finally, Racial Memory is used only by the Cepheans. It temporarily shifts the Floaters of a Dojo into the previous realm of existence, which can change how effective they are against certain creatures. Most useful at the higher levels of difficulty. Keep in mind that in a multi-player game of The Tone Rebellion, any spell that targets a Dojo can be used on the Dojos of another friendly tribe, though this is hard to coordinate. 13. The Final Assault on Friid The island of Friid, home of the Leviathan, can be tough, especially at the higher levels of difficulty. It has no less than six Spawners creating spores and creatures, surrounded by dozens of growths. The rune towers are also here; there is one rune tower corresponding to one of the runes you have collected. If possible, use long-range spells like Star Disk to destroy growths, Free Tone Pool or Tone Pool Rebel to destroy or paralyze the Spawners, or Cadmus to turn the growths and creatures against each other. If you don't have some of those spells, attacking from both sides is advisable. There are three Spawners on each side of the Leviathan, and the quicker you can kill them the better. Once your Floaters are no longer being threatened, send in the Awakened One to use the runes. There is one rune for each tower. As you use the runes, the towers are destroyed. Once all the towers are destroyed, the Leviathan will also be destroyed. Game over! I hope this strategy guide helps you in your quest to defeat the Leviathan. If you have any questions, or need more help, I'm willing to try. Send comments and e-mail to: Marcus Spears {mspears@boisdarc.tamu-commerce.edu} Tables Table 1: Building Types Tark Zygon Cephean Dyla Name Brotherhood of Tentacle Clan of Sol Banshees Summoners Range (1) close 160 close 230 Realm (2) physical supernatural ethereal natural Hit Points (3) 17 13 14 17 Attack Charge (4) 19 13 14 19 Strength (3) 5 5 5 5 Speed (1) 3 4 4 3 Levels 1-3 1-3 1-3 1-3 Tark Zygon Cephean Dyla Name Gazers Spirit Callers Stormers Den of the Beast Range (1) 145 close 175 close Realm (2) supernatural ethereal natural physical Hit Points (3) 14 15 15 14 Attack Charge (4) 17 15 16 17 Strength (3) 4 5 3 4 Speed (1) 3 3 4 3 Levels 1-3 1-3 1-3 1-3 Tark Zygon Cephean Dyla Name League of the Star Light Shaping Astral Travelers Wind Shapers Range (1) 120 close 195 close Realm (2) physical supernatural ethereal natural Hit Points (3) 15 14 13 16 Attack Charge (4) 19 14 16 18 Strength (3) 5 6 4 3 Speed (1) 4 4 3 4 Levels 1-2 1-2 1-2 1-2 Tark Zygon Cephean Dyla Name Soc. Of Magicians Sorcerors Arcania Druids Range (1) close close close close Realm (2) physical supernatural ethereal natural Hit Points (3) 16 14 15 16 Attack Charge (4) 10 10 10 12 Strength (3) 3 2 2 2 Speed (1) 3 4 4 3 Levels 1-3 1-3 1-3 1-3 1) I'm not sure how the range is measured; possibly in pixels. I also don't know exactly how speed is determined. 2) Remember the progression: Physical dominates Supernatural, Supernatural dominates Ethereal, Ethereal dominates Natural, and Natural dominates Physical. Physical may dominate Ethereal, and Supernatural may dominate Natural, depending on the tides between realms. This means that some creatures will be more or less resistant to your attacks. 3) This indicates the basic Hit Points and Strength of the Floaters. As they go up in level, these two values will also go up. 4) The Attack Charge indicates how many attacks that these Floaters may make before they must return to their Dojo to recharge. Usually, they retreat automatically when they are down to 2 or 3 charges. Table 2: Spell Types Race 1st level 2nd level 3rd level Zygons Heal Dojo Realm Transcend Chi Flare Paralyze Growths Enchant Tribe Channel Chronomyst Far Obtain Stamina Cepheans Paralyze Growths Force of Will Cadmus Enchant Dwelling Free Tone Pool Racial Memory Silent Shield Tone Pool Rebel Dyla Heal Dojo Awaken Spirit Channel Chronomyst Healing Realm Transcend Repair Free Tone Pool Pool Ward Tarks Enchant Dwelling Awaken Spirit Cadmus Sacrifice Force of Will Star Disk Enchant Tribe Sky Stoner Table 3: Spell Descriptions All spell effects (except for ones that completely destroy a spawner, growth, or creature) are temporary. The caster must have enough magic tone and tone crystals to cast the spell (stored in the mage tower he's from). Unless otherwise specified, spells that affect floaters (such as Awaken Spirit) affect only floaters from one dojo. Spell Name Magic Tone Tone Crystals Description Awaken Spirit 33 13 Double floater's hit points Cadmus 59 33 Make enemies randomly attack each other Channel Chronomyst 46 22 Double the speed of all floaters Chi Flare 39 18 Shatter anything nearby (area effect) Enchant Dwelling 10 9 Protect structure from damage Enchant Tribe 36 17 Make workers immune to harm Far Obtain 9 14 Fetch an artifact from visible location Force of Will 28 17 Boost floater's might and skill Heal Dojo 9 7 Heal all floaters from one dojo Healing 12 9 Heal most workers Paralyze Growths 16 11 Paralyze Leviathan growths (area effect) Pool Ward 14 10 Protect a Tone Pool from infection Racial Memory 43 18 Shift floaters into previous realm Realm Transcend 34 12 Shift floaters into next realm Repair 9 12 Completely repair a building Sacrifice 11 17 Wizard self-destructs, area effect damage Sky Stoner 7 13 Destroy any spawn of the Leviathan Silent Shield 12 7 Protect a Tone Node from infection Stamina 22 19 Allow the floaters of a dojo to fight w/o rest Star Disk 11 13 Blast a growth (not spawners) at any dist. Tone Pool Rebel 35 12 Temporarily freeze a spawner Table 4: Enemy Types Spawn Name Range Realm Hit Points Strength Speed Spores n/a all 4 n/a 1 Rakalingus close physical 16 4 2 Broontilingus close physical 27 7 3 Zeeth 130 physical 11 4 2 Keth 130 physical 18 7 3 Drack close supernatural 13 3 3 Nadrack close supernatural 22 6 3 Tone Wasp 140 supernatural 8 3 3 Sasp 140 supernatural 13 6 3 Ronth close ethereal 14 5 4 Varnth close ethereal 23 8 4 Metha 150 ethereal 9 4 3 Koalint 150 ethereal 15 7 3 Zwacker close natural 15 3 3 Zwaup close natural 25 6 3 Shandi 160 natural 10 5 2 Flindex 160 natural 17 8 2 Growth Name Range Hit Points Strength Blind Arm close 15 3 Blistin close 10 5 Quitch close 18 4 Hydron close 22 7 Fire Hive close 24 8 Mabus close 23 10 Plasid 150 9 2 Grender 100 13 3 Mesron 200 11 4 Clockwork Sentinel 175 20 5 Anenepode 260 15 6 Xylus 320 16 6 Table 5: Mystical Locations and Artifacts All mystical locations require two artifacts to activate. These artifacts will be randomly scattered across the islands, so I can't tell you where to find them. The mystical locations themselves will always be on one specific island. Each mystical location you activate, gives you another of the runes needed to defeat the Leviathan. You do not have to find or deliver the artifacts in any particular order, nor do you have to activate the mystic locations in any particular order. Mystic Location Island Artifact 1 Artifact 2 Mantu the Still Tarzus Tetrajen Octajen Tone Amplifier Crystal Cave Taze Crystal Taze Crystal Vortex of Perception Cephean Sea Ether Lantern Ether Lantern Last Respiria Plant Pangir Respiria Spore Growth Tone Dreest the Bog Shade Dreen Bog skull of a Floater skull of New One The Krajin Onsama idol of Strength idol of Surrender The Hall of Stories Palomon Key Key Memory of the Ancestors The Core Lunar Disk Solar Disk Shrine of the Storm Frenza Xaphen Xenog Disk of Time Lethe Power Disk Sands of Time Spire of the Dead Mymus Lamp of the Living Lamp of Dead Haunt of the Mad One Morfid Tone Canister Tone Canister Span of Norasten Norasten East Key West KeyMember? Sign in. Not a member? Register for free.
This app was removed from the App Store.
Fission
Mac OS Music, with simple export or batch conversion to the MP3, AAC, Apple Lossless, FLAC, AIFF, and WAV formats.
Fission makes audio editing fast and easy - get it now!
What's New
* Many bug fixes and improvements. Get 'em now!We were blown out of the water with Nick Pitera’s take on Kiss the Girl. But now he’s back with another a cappella video, this time taking on the roles of Halloween Town’s spirited residents. Since we keep finding new Nick nuances every time we watch it, this video has pretty much been on repeat all day for us. We suggest joining us.
Watch with us and let us know what you think in the comments:You have found an item located in the Kentuckiana Digital Library.
Winchester news (Winchester, Ky.): n. Tuesday, December 6, 1910.
Winchester news (Winchester, Ky.): n. Tuesday, December 6, 1910. Winchester news (Winchester, Ky.). 400dpi TIFF G4 page images Winchester News Co., Winchester, Ky. 1910 win1910120601 These pages may be freely searched and displayed. Permission must be received for subsequent distribution in print or electronically. Winchester news (Winchester, Ky.): n. Tuesday, December 6, if i- fsTEDITIoNj VOLUME 5 NO 43 WINCHESTER KENTUCKY TUESDAY DECEMBER 6 1910 CENTS A COPY 10 CENTS A WEEK CHARtEY MARTIN is EXONERATED By Coroners Jury Which Held an In quest Over the Body of Negro Whom He Killed Coroner II C Nunnelley held the inquest over the body of John Ash ley who was stabbed to death by Charles Martin white Sunday af tcrnddn and the jury returned a ver diet declaring that they believe- that Martin cut the negro in selfde fens L The inquest was held in the t police court rooms lIon J M Stev ehsoh appeared for the defendant while Mr S T Davis Cquuty Attor iiey represented the Commonwealth The testimony of Pearl Wheeler at whose house the fight occurred Ike Johnson who was in a room over the one Martin and the colored man wcreI in Dr J H Tyler and Dr Rankin and Joe Frazier was taken rThe jury was out only a few min utes when the signed the following veib diet We the jury find the body under in vestigation to be that of John Ashley aged about 24 years old and from the testimony further find that he came to his death from a knife wound inflicted in the left side of the throat- S id wound was made by a knife in the hands of Charley Martin and in the home of Pearl Wheeler in Man Bells alley in Winchester Kentucky qn Sunday afternoon December 4th 1910 and we further find that it was doiie in selfdefense P Y DRAKE JOHN CONWAY THOMAS ALLEN JOSEPH JONES HENRY GILKEY v TOM MOORE H NUNNELLEY Coroner After the Coroners jury had re turned the verdict Martin applied to Judge J H Evans for bond which was granted The amount of the bond was fixed at 500 r NEW SOBPEONAS WILL BE ISSUED To Take Place of Those Which Were Stolen From Office of Sheriff of Breathitt County c PARIS Ky Dec Subpoenas for the appearnce next Wednesday in the Bourbon Circuit Court of more than 40 witnesses from Breathitt county to testify in behalf of the Commonwealth in the cases of John and Thomas Davidson Jase Deaton and Hacker Combs under indictment for the murder of John Abner and which were sent by the clerk of the Bourbon Circuit Court to the sheriff of Breathitt county to be served by that official have been stolen from his office which probably will neces sitate a postponement of the trials Information of the theft came in the form ora letter from the sheriff of Breathitt county to Clerk William CourtIover tp Commonwealths Atorney Robert B Franklin A new set of subpoena will be issued bu they can not b3 served in time for the forthcoming trial No information has been received as to the identity of the pur loirier of the legal documents the serving of which is all important to the prosecution 4 GOOD MEETING HElD SUNDAY j Excellent Program is Rendered By Ladles Missionary Society at Washington Street Presbyterian Church 3n placeof the regular service at the Washington street Presbyterian church Sunday evening December 3rd the Ladies Missionary Society heled an open meeting which proved most profitable and entertaining An seeralrP The delegates report from the recent synodical meeting at Harrods burg was given and contained much encouragement to the workers Th- burdenof e themessagewas a simple plea rot c4 otieri among chuucl members in thebJ r t ff w t J r THE WINCHESTER NEWS B C gospel among the unfortunate bot at home and abroad Miss Alice Ramsey discussed deplorable condition of the 50000 grcatImen and boys need and are asking for teachers and preachers Miss Ruth Beall recounted her recent ex pe iences in Jerusalem in a care fully prepared paper Her vivid de scriptions of the places familiar our o Saviour and the paths so often trod by his feet touched and field fast the attention of the audience Mrs Poynter aide a strong appeal for assistance in supporting and neighdKentucky mountains comes the edonian cry Come over and mlieJI usas it does from every quat the globe The special music pre delightfulandtaken for Home jyid Foreign work All in all this meeting wos ore of the most successful open sessions the Ladies Missionary Society has ever held INTERESTING LETTER FROM RfNICK ROBS Spent Thanksgiving at Weymouth England and Will Later Visit France and Other Countries The following interesting letter has been received front Mr Renick Robb of this city who is a member of the Hospital Corps on board the United States battleship Delaware U S S Delaware Weymouth England Nov 2J 1910 Dear Friend We arrived here almost a week ago and I must say we had a bvoyages Quite a number were just a bit sickof the sea as it is expressed aboardship or as others would probably say sea sic Upon our arrival here we were met and escorted into the English channel by a number of the ships of the English fleet There are about ship here English and some very large ores but aiiumber of the officers and men from the English dreadnoughts have visited us and there is little fault to find with Americas latest type battleship The flagship Connecticut Mich igan and North Dakota are also here There were sixteen ships to make the trip across but the others are visiting France We have had a delightful visit here and I must say the people have certainly been unus ually courteous to the American Bluejackets Weymouth is a town of about 20 000 population It is a great seaport town and summer resort And I have enjoyed every moment spent here- I shall leave Sunray for a four days trip to London A number of our boys are there now all having been given the opportunity to gn there We sail from here to France on December 8 Spend several weeks there giving four lays leave to all i norder that we may visit Paris Will spend the remainder of the winter in Cuba and return tothc States sometime in May Today has been a busy one aboard shipTC have been entertaining a few of the English sailors Certainly lad a fine dinner anti all the lads seemed to be delighted with our dreadnought Am sending you one of the menu cards Trusting you are enjoying the best of health with kindest regards I am Very respectfitlly RENICK ROBB II A1st class U S N London England No 4 Trajalgar Square U S Dispatch Agent U S S Delaware DEATHS AND FUNERALS Mr Ben Goff Prewitt Mr Ben Goff Prewitt aged about 45 died at Lexington at 930 Mon day night Mr Prewitt was about 45 years of age He wasa Son of Mrs M A IJrewitt of this city wto survivesOne Mrs Henry B Nelson of Muskogee Oklahoma also survives The funeral will be held at the residence of his mother Mrs M A Prewitt on S Main street on Wed nesday morning at 10 oclock by Rev Wm Gumming and the burial will take place attire Winchester ceme tery Following will be the pallbearers Jas S Winn John E Garner M S BrtSyoipgon w A woman iaretime rosani- he fo gu Isti tot li1 VINDICATION AT THE PULLS Will Be Sought By James Howard Who Was Convicted in Connection With Goebel Assassination LEXINGTON Ky DecGAnoth- cr man who was convicted in con nection with the assasination of Sen ator William Goebel will seek vindi cation at the polls This is James Howard Republican who has an nounced his candidacy for State Senator on the Republican ticket in the Seventeenth Kentucky Senatorial Caleb Powers who was elected to Congress from the Eleventh District at the recent election Howard was pardoned for his alleged con nection with the assasination of Goe bel Henry E Yout ey who is the only man in the penitentiary serving a life sentence for complicity in the Goebel murder swore he aimed the lattcljfircd GQVI WILLSON TO BE SLIGHTED At Public Reception Which Will Prob ably Be Given in Honor of Commissioner rt C Rankin FRANKFORT Ky Dec While the entertainment of the Governors attending the conference here was a success it was not accomplish ed without a good deal of soreness because of the scarcity of invitations to the various receptions Colonel E H Taylor Jr was the only enter tainer who played no favorites All looked alike to him The Republicans at the capital are so miffed many of them because they did not get invitations to attend the reception at the mansion that they are talking about getting up a public reception in honor of Commis sioner of Agriculture M C Rankin and Secretary of State Ben L Brun cr and not inviting Governor Willson Only two heads of departments at the capital attended the Governors reception and several stayed at homo after they were invited because song of their colleagues were snubbed All claim that the reception to the Governors should have been a State affairNONCOMINISSIONED IOFF1gERS CRUELTY To Recruits is Ore ofthe Features of the German Arny LifeGross Cas es Cited BERLIN Dec GCruclty to recruits by noncommissioned officers is one of the features of German ar my life which induces many lads of time Fatherland to evade their mili tary service Gross cases of this kin 1nre continually coning up be fore Courtmartials and one of liiL worst has just been heard at Glogan where Sergeant Stanislaus Livitzki of the One Hundred and Fiftyfourth Infantry was sentenced to six weeks imprisonment for 202 nets of cruelty on the soldiers under his charge It appears that Livitzki was in the habit of beating young soldiers with the butt end of his rifle punching them in the breast with his fists and belaboring them with the flat of his sword rtn the knee caps and other parts of the body He also boxed their cars pulled their hair and occa ionally dragged them over the floor with their heads downward Livitzkis excuse was that the men were inferior in quality and needed stiff treatment in order to become efficient soldiers HORNES STOCK COMPANY OPENED TO LARGE CROWDS Homes Stock Company opened their weeks engagement Monday night at the opera house in the West ern comedy drama ft story of the plains Under Arizona Skies which proved to be one 6 fthe best Western plays even presented in this city jErafik MTReadiek in the role of Steve 31 h Il the foreman of Arrow Rarely didmtexcellentpiece of yrk as the r uncouth and bighearted Westerner Mellj7 Freeman as the ranchwoman caused many hearty laughs Blanche Epley and Gertrude Hamilton pleas ed immensely Whitney Collins and John Fairfax as the two comtsuncle ers were typical as the sons of tIre range Howard C Robinson as tune Indian and1r Emmeriek mIll Thompson did well All in all the 4IIorne Company is an attraction of the first water and away from the common shoot cm up repertoire Con puny Tuesday evening the company will be seen in A Mothers Mistake society comedy drama in which Clara Morris starred for several seasons A new version of East Lynne is announced for the special womans matinee on Wednesday on which oc casion all seats will be 10 cents Wed nesday night the company will pre sent Frank M Readicks beautiful pastoral of rural life The Shores of Sin a play that grips the heart and brings one back to nature with characters found around the village emporium stove including the village gossip the champion checker player and the grocery keeper and village choir The piece will bcgiven a complete scenic production OFFiCERS FOR EASTERN STAR Are Elected at Regular Meeting of Winchester Chapter No 153 Held at Fraternity Building At the regularmeeting of Winchester Chapter No 153 Order of Eastern Star Friday night at the Fraternity building oflh ers for the ensuing year were elected as follows Mrs J Smith Hayes W M Mrs Lucien Beckner A M Mr James N Hisle W R Mrs Woodson Moss Con Mrs Henry Hall A Con Mrs C H Bowen Secretary Miss Beulah Thompson Treasurer Mrs Lizzie Dudley Warden Mr M D Royse Sen Mrs J H Boone Marshall Mrs Julia Bowen A Mrs M D Roysc K Mrs J E Grubbs E Mrs Ed Cantlcr M Miss Cornelia Page E THROWN FROM HIS mm Mr George M Hart Deputy Sheriff While Out Summoning Witnesses Narrowly Escapes Injury Mr George M Hart deputy sher itt while out suminoniiig witnesses for the Circuit court Monday night barely escaped serious injury lIe was driving near the farm of Charles Oliver coming from Allansville when his horse allied and ran up a steep bank turning the buggy over Mr Hart was thrown out and considerably jarred After a short while he was able to repair his buggy and har ness up and came on to town DL ALLEN IS MUCH BITTER Contracted the Disease While At tcndinn Patients But is Now Thought to Be Out of Danger Dr Richard Allen who has been dangerously illof typhoid fever was reported Tuesday morning to be much improved and it is thought he is now outof danger Dr Allen con tracted the disease by attending sev era patients heiir his hone in the county r As soon as it was discovered that Dr Allen hiadftlie fever lip was brought to thehome of Mr Phil Par rish in this city where he has been under treatment LICENSE ISSUED Mr JA Boone County Clerk is sued marriage license Monday afternoon toiMr J IT Aldridge and Miss Ida Wells of this county Red Star c nlisfhe best on the market sold by Rose Rboncu 2jff ARRANGEMENTSFORBANQUET And Reception Will Be Made aj Meeting of Winchester Lodge No 20 F A Winchester lodge No 20 F A M will meet in their rooms in the Fraternity buildjng Tuesday nigh t for the purpose of arranging for lie ban quet and reception to be held next Tuesday and Tuesday night On the afternoon of next Tuesday special degree work till be put on and at night a banquet will be given Vis itors from the surrounding towns will attend OEVARY TRIAl IS POSTPONED List is Given of Cases Which Will Be Tried During September Term of Circuit Court j The Devary trial which was set for trial Tuesday in the Clark Circuit Court was postponed until next Wednesday by Judge J M Benton on account of the absence of some of the witnesses Two cases for gambling were tried Tuesday moniing Following is the docket for the term Third Day Anderson Clay vs J W Shan nonH C Hart vs C 0 R R Co C 0 R R Co vs HC Hart American Standard Jewelry Co vs T D Bcrryman City of Winchester vs American Tobacco Compan- yhuntBridgeford Co vs Washington Miller City Winchester vs Clark County Construction Company John G White vs S W Willis Ex ecutorsR Burk vs 0 K Railway Co- N Lehman Bros vs L N R R ColtIIT J Carle vs Thomas A Jones George C Webb vs Thomas R JonesCity of Winchester vs Winches ter Water Works Co No1 City of Winchester vs Winches ter Water Works Co No2 R C Prewitt vs City of Win chester J G Hays vs Kate Elliott etc W H Miller vs F B Feltner Clark County National Bank vs T E Barnes Louise Oliver vs A Howard Hamp ton etc- Embry Co vs Mrs C E Smith etcJas A Evcritt vs American So ciety of Equity Sterlinir Glove CoYfi A Feld Lucy Y Stuart vs JT Cham bersG W Allen vs James Dawson Winchester Bank vs Chas Swift etcWinchester Bank vs S L Swift etc Winchester Bank vs Winchestei Overall Co etc M B French vs Winchester Over all Co etc Obe Howard vs Luke Niblack eU Clark County National Bank vs Grant McEwan etc Harry Bros vs City of Winchester W C Biser vs W M Anderson- B F French vs E C Ramsey Floyd Horton vs Doc Pigg etc Bellman Cohen Co vs Feld Winchester Bldg Saving Asso ciation vs W Z Eubank G D McCullum vs City of Win Grey SoR R Perry Fourth DaytW Z Eubank vs Lewis Hampton vs R L Suther landS Baron Son vs A Feld J W Porter vs James Reffett etc E F Farney vs Vernon Wade Otic Conkwright vs L E R R Co L T Flynn and wife vs City of Winchester N B Barrow sJ T Quisenberry F M Sackett vs Burt Brabb Lumber Co- Hampton Foreman vs Leora Hurtt C B Wilcox vs J A Rose J1Y Porter vs N T Benton J S Ritteuhouse vs H H Swan go Fifth Day W S Tyler vs D S Gay Lauren Haggaril vs Charles Fork j 0 i ncrR P Scobee vs RT G Bush DayJoeHodgkin W L Brown vs H C Thompson DayClark Com pany vs Jennie Bush Clark County Construction Com pany vsAl Kohlhass etc C C Cheiiault vs Amanda Anderson etc Eighth Day D S Gay vs W Bush Nelson No1Co DS Gay vs W Bush Nelson No 2 D S Gay vs N Ford Brent No 2 D S Gay vs N Ford Brent No3 D S Gay vs R B Hutchcraft No Martha Crump vs Cheriault etc DayE G White Nannie West vs Louise Oliver etc DayOhas N R R CoF H Van Hoose vs L N R R Co Equity Apnearance J YoPace vs Grant Hill etc Fannie B Martin vs Robert Mar tinCity of Winchester vs E T Lewis etc S B Rcdmon vs Mary S Phil lips fJ W Hudson vs B B Hudsons heirsThomas Wallor vs Clarence Rich ardson AshleyMinson Thomas L Phillips vs T G Stu artGco Cooper vs Mary Cooper Daisy Hall vs George Hall A A Clrfy vs D A Hughes Lexington Banking Trust Co vs Floyd Day Polly A Locknane vs Cecelia White et at J W Johnson vs Cora Wilson etc Julia Taylor vs Dan Taylor Allan G Pruitt etc vs Nannie S Gay etc Lee Mason vs Lena Clay Mason Mrs S F Ballard vs Nannie L Nolcini etc Mollie Dunn vs Henry Dunn Mary E Boone etc vs William Robinson etc Mary Emma Scott vs Strother Scott Ordinary Appearance- The National Bank of Poteau IT 1JS Eastern Kentucky Telegraph and Telephone CompanyB Coyle vs L N R R Co C W Adams vs J1 Thompson etc E G Rankin vs T G Stuart Murphy Grocery Co vs St Paul Fire Marine Co Bankof Russell Springs vs Be- T Head etc Nancy Stevenson vs YoW Stev enson C W Vermillion SoE Tennessee Telephone Company Chas J Scott vs C 0 R R Company GIVES UP SfARCH FOR HiS DAHTER Reaches San Francisco After Long Walk Only to Find That Mrs Fleischkamp Had Gone MOBILE Ala Dec Guycs I have given up the quest Iam 98 yoars of age and can walk no loner Stich was the statement of Frank Schrom who lacks two years of being a century in age shortly after readied Mobile Sunda fronl New Orleans after a brief stay in Biloxi After working from New Orleans to San Francisco and back in quest of his two daughters the aged man oakarrivedin Mobile to enter a Cath olic Home for indigent and old people in this city His daughters are Frances Schrom a spinster of about 52 and Mrs Josephine Fleischkamp 301 Baltimore street San Francisco As it took time old man four months to walk the distance and his daugh ters received no word from him during that time it appears that they had decided he had died so when arrived at San Francisco he 11eI that Mr Fleischkamp had sold out his business i plumbing establish ment and taking his wife and sis terinlaV had left for other scenes Some neighbors reported that they had gong to Southern California to buy oran ez rove others said they did nQ1tq Pittsburg 0ifJ r f IWEATHER t lWednesday Fair 1 ESTABLISH lINCOlN WAY Four Governors Are in Favor of Project to Honor the Name of Ab raham Lincoln rRAT GIiF0I1T Ex tending fro mUie Pacific to the At lantic Ocean it is proposed to construct a Lincoln Way to honor the name of Abraham Lincoln Kentuckys greatest product in national ilfcv Four Governors are intensely inter ested in this proposition They ate Governors Willson of Kentucky Marshall of Indiana Deneen of Il linois mill Hadley of Missouri During a few moments in the lull handshaking and receptions while the Governors were in this city Gov Ydiscussedmending to their incoming Legislatures the change of names of highways in their States to time Lincoln Way The route taken by Lincoln when his parents left this State for Indiana and later Illinois will be1 the routes recommended by Cover nors Marshall and DeneeniLegislaturcfrom Louisville to Hodgcnville and thence to the Lincoln Farm was changed to the Lincoln layMIt is proposed by Governors De neen Marshall and HiTdiey fo make this road a part of thenational LiiiV coin Way that will reach from coast to coast During the discussion GOr error Marshall said that as a child he sat on Lincolns knee and heard Stephen A Douglas speak during time LincolnDouglas debates kind was on the platform when Lincoln an swered him It is proposed toin terest the National Government in the national Lincoln Way DRINK IS CAUSE OF PREDICAMENT According to Confession of Dr Mich ael J Keating Who is Dying in a Public Ward in Los Angeles LOS ANGELES Gal Dec GDyi- ng a public ward at one time one of the most prominent physicians and surgeons of the world Dr Michael J Keating is now at the County Hos pital Dr Keating who is 77 years old is a native of Ireland and grad uated fro mthe Royal College of Stir geons in 18G8 He went to London in 18G9 and wias granted a professors degree at the King and Queens College of physicians In that year For two years he was superintendent of the Rotunda Hospital in hennarwhich is the second largest hospital building in the world In 1872 he came to time Gnitqu States where lie obtained a positing as examining physician with the Uhft t ed States Marine Corps and also fill ed responsible positions at Annapolis and for the Immigration Bureau The doctor admits that his downfall is due to drink and says that he broke his fathers heart through his imil diligence in intoxicants Dr Keating is very yell connected his ljrotherinIav fceing George Routledge the largest book publisher in the world Another brotherinlaw is Henry J Gill who twice has been a member of Parliament for Dublin LOT SOLD N R Ratliff and Vic Bloomfield managers of the Blue Grass Realty Company Tuesday sold a lot in the Companys Addition to Mt Sterling parties for 325- Unlike In Real Life I was so sorry we had to move away from that cozy little flat said the comely young matron on the floor right below us wasayoung man who played the cornet every evening and the music he made was the most delightful I ever heard ITOO LATE TO CLASSIFY IWANTEDAt once a live hustling to News route Apply Clark Tanner News officerr12G3t LOSTAn oldstyle Amethyst ring 5 reward forneKnrtnao II EFitch 1265th r r r i l l Fade Two k q I uaiet r tirt7ua kir hf c 1 j ITTilE MSB NEWS w i AtIndMltdent New papa Published by The Winchester NevVs Co Incorporated nee 808111 South Main Street eatuckyc Dally Except Sunday Entered as secondolpss matter November 28 1908 at the postoffice in Winchester Kentucky under the Act of March 31879p litli SI SUBSCRIPTION RATES By M Daily one year 300 siX Months 150 Ch Janbli u 25 Ts nyflble jn Advance k ADVERTISING DisplayPer AJEIOne time any edition Three times within one week 50 One week continuously 100 due mo 300 Four weeks 4 times a week 210 Fourweeks three time sa week 180 Fur weeks two times a week 120 Four weeks one time a week 75 Reading NoticePer Line Business notices body tyPe 7cPuro reading news heading 15c Three continuous insertions of same item at double the onetime rate Classified Per Word One insertion any edition lc Three insertions continuously 2c Each three additional insertions One calendar mo continuously 10c Nothing counted less than 10 words No item charged on books for less than 25 cents iiu PAPER REPRESENTED FOR FOREIGN ADVERTISING BY THE 1tl Wr Jw W CTNTRAU OFFICE a x klwo C tcACo n CHZG IN ALL fMF PRINCIPAL CITIE i TUESDAY DECEMBER 6 1910 MRS EDDY When history is written in the centuries to come the name of Mary Baker Eddy trill occupy a prominent place No woman since Joan of Arc has developed such a wonderful per sonality not excepting Queen Elizabeth In Joan of Arc and Mrs Eddy there js muqh of similarity Both had a vine mission but there was a differ duct in their way of carrying it out Joans was that of war to accomplish good JMrs Eddys that of spiritual consecration to accomplish the same end Joan of Arc lived nearly six hundred years ago She was a peas ant girl without education She way modest anti refined in her deport ment She lived at a time when France was almost under the control of England She had visions and heard voices calling her to the defense of her country Orleans was held by the English troops She gol t a hearing with the weak King and was placed at the head of the army Her ability asa general is a mat ter of history It was an age of sup yrstition that with the jealousy ol Ifrcnch officers caused her downfall She was accused as a heretic and sorcerer condemned by the inquisition and burned alive At Rouen May 30 1431 when she was 20 years ofage according to all historical accounts the life of Joan was ab solutely pure At one time a council of doctors nvas called to pass on her sanity At another tune a council of old women decided that her moral character was good Mrs Idyvas the founder of Christian Science and but for one advancedjcivilization she would have met a similar fate to that of Joan of Arc Just as the socalled Christians of six hundred years ago were the enemies of Joan the socalled Chris r trans qf the present day were the en el1eof Mrs Eddy We read in a church paper not long since Christian Science is the culmination of lunacy This editor if given the power would have locked Mrs EddjT in an asylum It is estimated inthflP2about M yarsago This Is rcmark = 4 WINCHESTER LUMBER MANUFACTURING INCORPORATED Westminster Chimes iJ HJ LJriII TUBULAR BELL CHIME The Herschede Hall Clock as a timepiece a tubular chime and an article of furniture for home office or institution appeals alike to utility refinement and musical taste The perfect movement insures correctness of time the solidoakshowing the moons phases in the dial arch We are sales agents for The Herschede Hall Clock Co of this city and willsend illustratedcat alog on request Gifts by Mail You can purchase gifts of Diamonds Sterling Silver Sheffield Plate Gold and Silver Jewelry Mantel Clocks Etc through our Correspondence Department at moderate prices Correspondence solicited Silversmiths Jewelers Goldsmiths The Frank Herschede Co kHerschede Building Fourth Street Cincinnati Ohio 75 to I able There is not a city of any consequence in the United States vithout a Christian Science organi zation There arc also many organ izations in other countries All will admit who know the personnel of the membership that it compares favor ably with any other Christian organization The most remarkable woman of this age or possibly of any age has gone to her reward but the workof which she was the founder will goon and on the are not a Christian Scientist Our mind runs more to materialism which is just the opposite of Christian Science We want to do justice to all In doing this we can in all hon esty say that Mrs Eddy was a great and good woman It cost the Democratic State Com mittee in Now York 328870 tq elect its ticket There must be a very superior quality of State officials to cost so much money Seattle Washington is infested with rats The authorities arc paying ten cents per head for dead rats and the boys are having the time of their lives and making lots of money A man loaded up with booze i about as dangerous as the gun that is not loaded The old sa ingIWater is free does not apply to those of us that live in the cities When a man is alone itpis not by any means certain that he is in good company Do you know anyone that ever read all ofa Presidents message We think that the jury in the Wendling case dui right The proof against him was strong but it was not entirely conclusive We miss Uncle Charlie Woodford For many years when deep snows came he would drive over the side walks with a Vshaped sled displacing the snow He was a colored man but we never had a better citizen Administrators Notice All persons haying claims of any kind against the estate of Mrs Al ice M Gilkey deceased are hereby orbeforeAll claims must be fully proven as required byelaw W H GARNER Tues Adm3r C T A We lint dle all kinds of coal at- easomtle prices Come o see its before buyingAltojse 5 Bdonc e t5lf VVE LOAD EIGHT UP the minute we receive an order for lumber We carry such a big stock that we can meet any requirement at a moments notice Order youp next lumber here and you will have no delay on the job That counts a lot when the expense of idle mechanics is cbnfeiilpled J v East 750 We have the very best feed on the market Come to h co us before buy ing 125- LCiJBUOAUCTION We will sell as a whole with guaranteed invoice Groceries Fixtures ctci oil Wednesday December tat 2 p n1 at our place of business on North Main St EGTOM BROS WINCHESTER OPERA HOUSE TONIGHT Homes Stock Co Will present The Beautiful Society Drama A Mothers Mistake conqueredTheentour Prices lOc ZOc 30c Seats on sale at Strodes Drug Store Special Ladies Matinee Wednesday 2 130 p in The New Version of The Favorite East Lynne Matinee Prices roc to all Go to Roy Boone an1 get a Fall If the Red Star coal fthe h e t In town i 12 fitf SALOON LICENSE IS TRANSFERRED The saloon license of Mr Oeorge Ontson was ordered to be transferred to Matt Thomas in the county court Tuesday morning Go to Roy se Boone and get a load of the Red Star coal the best in town 12 5tf We have the Tcry best feed on maikejt Come to see us before tlIpl lug v V 12otf r 1 1 ItcY J I 101YS XMas LOW COMPlfXION A EYESIAfEae beauty creams o improve your complexion if your stomach is out of order Belching of gas and heartburn m Wi fsod in the stomach Bad food means bad blood and bail blood means a bail complexion Try MtONA stomachs tablets for storadclr misery biliousness dizziness and indigestion They relieve in a few mhiutes th make rich red PhilIlipRead wlia l a Iansas woman says I had been doctoring a year stomach trouble and found not forI that did as much good as only have the second box raid they have relieved all pain in my stomach For stomach trouble or indigestion MIOXA cantr be beaten MIONA has done a w rhl of good for me when doctors fniledMrs Cordelia 3 Mann 207 jlth St Junction City Kans MIONA stomach tablets are sold by Phillips and druggists everywhere for 50 cents a large box Test sam ples free from Booths Miona Buf falo N UNCLAIMED LETTERS Abner Miss Jane Bacon James Barns Miss Dollie Barnett Bennie Bibley Miss Annie I CahJe g1 jon fipok Reed u mM Franklin George 2 Ilcilyes K Kane Eddie Kane MissLucrlle- Middleton H W Mo rein nd Miss Ethel McGee Miss Katie Oldem Mrs no C Raines Y- oHichanlson J Richard Simmons Mrs L12 Stokely Miss Ida May Stanfield Mrs Susie Yeary Mrs Cliff P JOIIIT G WHITE Postmaster PUBLIC SALE OF Land Stock and Crop Wednesday Dec 31st at 10 oclock a m at my place two Hud onelmlf miles west of Win chester Ky on Van Meter pike at Kinross Station on L S E I mil offer to the highest bidder at public auction my farm of 854 acres lids place lies in one of the most deSir- able parts of Clrirk county close to tmvn railroad station in 400 yards of house nicely watered by running stream neverfailing houseblocated upon an elevation land lies welland in one of the best produc ing parts of the county At the same time I wills ll G2headof sheep tile to lamb March 1st one Bourbon Chief mare coning three years old hnndomCf has been ridden and driven some One bay family horse gen tlc for lndy fodrhie Xnrragnusett Inidimcultivators hjiy nukes Birdsell 31 inch wagon combination betlanfl frame tcdder cutting harrow smoothing harrow disk roller one HoroMor and one Kentucky wheat drill two mowers buggic about 180 shocks of corn in field some fodder forks hoes and other thing too num erous to TERMSMade known on day of saw v JOHN Mb HEEL ERR R No 4 Winchester Ky 4Go Boone and get n laudof ihejgedStarcoal the licst in tfIf ASQIlARED tlE L Is assured you when you buy Dr Pierces family medicines fot1 all the into them are printed on the bottle t wra andPPcorrect You know just what are ingredibntsare from Natures laboratory beingselected from the most valu inaour American forests and while potent to cure are perfectly harm lessrcven to the most delicate women and children Not a drop of alcohol enters into thefa composition R much better agent is rued both for extracting and preserving the medici nal principles in them viz pure triple refined glycerine This agenik possesses in= trinsic medicinal properties of its own being a most valuable antiseptic and antifersient nuiritiye and soothing demulcent Glycerine an important part in Dr Pierces Golden Medical Discovery in the cure of indigestion dyspepsia and weak stomach attended by spur risin heartburn foul v breath coated tongue poor appetite gnawing feeling in stomach biliousness and kindred d the stomach liver and owels s Discoverycurinois a nasalspecificor of the stomach bowels or stages theyield r passages covery necessary constitutional treatment to cleanse the Passages fre t or times a day with Dr Sages Catarrh Remedy This thorough course oftreatment generally cures even the worst cases o fn coughs and hoarseness caused by bronchial throat and lung affections excek t consumption the Golden Medical Discovery is a most efficient remedy especially In v those obstinate hangoncoughs caused by irritation and congestion of the bronchial mucous membranes The- sudden Discovery is not so good for acute coughs arising from colds nor must it be expected to cure consumption iri its advanced stagesno medicine will do thatbut for all the obstinate which if neglected or badly treated lead up to consumption it ist1l best medicine that can be taken To find out more about the above mentioned diseases and allabout the body in health and dis l Adviserthe Pco les Schoolmaster in Medicine revised and treatupmeet thereof Clothbound sent postpaid on receipt cf 31 cents in one cent stamps to pay cost o mailing only Address Dr R V Pierce Buffalo N Y YOUNG MEN WANTED Government Pays Railway Mail Clerks 800 toI400 a YearFree Scholarships Are Offered Uncle Sam holds examinations for railway mail clerks postofllce clerk or carrier custom house and depart mental clerks Prepare at once for the coming examinations Thousands of appointments are to be made Common school education is all you need city and country people have equal chance Start to prepare nowfree information Free imI Q WE CAN IMAGINE YOUR SATISFACTION when you see the shirts collars un derwear etc you sent here to bo laundered You should hardly be 1 liege them to be the same garments so much cleaner ate they so par fcctly Hone up You wont be the v firstto wonder why ym hind not sent lus your laundry work before WIt t day shall we send for your things t Winchester Laundry Co Mead The New s t I 1rMgrslf i Me Central Kentucky Tobacco Warehouse CorIncorporated i Both Phones 964 l Opp State University S Upper to Lime Lexington Ky The Leading Warehouse Irv Lexington Having sold over 2000000 pounds since opening of season October 25 1910 t Oilers superior inducements to farmers of Central Kentucky to sell their tobacco in the largest Jjest lightedand best equ11pcd1qos leaf tobacco wars house in the world 50p000 square feetfioor space i 500000 pounds capacity of loose leaf tobacco per da3 f f Rcdtying plant of 75 000 pounds per day Pri- vatet track free to all railroads capacity 15 cars loadedor unloaded under shelter t t Shelter for one hundred and fifty wagons stable room fcr 300 bosses jOpen day and night M 41 5 IJ We have sold an interest to Louisville Tobacco Warehouse Com pany who are represented by Mr B F Buckley of Bourbon County one 1 1- of the most xperienced tobacco warehousemen in the staten Strici personal attention paid to the receiving grading assorting and selling of each individual crop whether loose or in hogsheads If necessary we can devote one floor to loose leaf arid one to hogs head tobacco throughout the season k Gall and see us and be fully convinced where to sell rour tobacco either loose leaf or in bogs eAcJ r l i 1v i TUt leijtral Kentucky TobiccQ Warehouse CoIIncorporated Lexington Kentucky l itq eNal iw r ri kq b4 i rrsAgt Jt t 4Ir Ja 4G nFW mfi N rilttir4 VL uuJU a r i n r f 4if VL jTHE WINCHESTERNEIHS Pane Three Mr wwI Yyy I V r e HaveM I Just received a nevi and cpmIplete line of English Leather Goods of II consisting hard Cases iasty Note end Memorandum Books Portfolio Traveling Sets Papier Poiidra iiBook whale tic line is 1 ft JI- and Ky fiQAGEl OUR UJ 1A Birthday Parfy Little Miss Ruth enter iingil Saturday afternoon in honor of liar eighth birthday Tub little hostess was assisted in ciiterraining her guests by her moth er and sisters Her little friends M brought many pretty remembrances of the day Tlic color scheme pink and while vascarricd out in the individual cak es and brick cream Fruits and mints were also served Tie table was beautifully decorat ed with wliite chrysanthemums and pink candles The hinge birthday cake was decorated in pink and white W9 the aringintviduaI candlesticks holding pink candles Tile little guests were plisses Ruth Shepherd Lee Nelson Louise Boone Martha Haggard Eliza abetliKoyse Pauline Jones Martha Bedford Phoebe Day Mildred Hodgkin Eliza Martin Mary Agnes Gr don Gay Nell McPherson Elizabeth vand Nancy Austin Manilla Lyman I The C W B M Meeting The local auxiliary to tIre CW B lJ met in the parlors of the Christian cjiurch afternoon at 2 oclock hour was enjoyed by time member l i Married in Mt Sterling horhoodan Miss Essie of this county were married here Mon Jay by Rev YoF Wyntt Mi Stet ng Gazette Portable Mirrors Sh Brush Broom and Hat Brush Cases Tie Cases Glove Cases Come unbroken C aHBEN IIJeweler 0IlticianM Winchester DONtT PRESENTyT0Y0 ii SOCIETYI Singleton Nancy Dayamid Monday servicesi knownyoungIlornback 1avlng Kandkecchietand it fIFinish of School Term Time school at time Locknauc school house which was abandoned by Mrs Burton will be finished by Prof Robert Berryiuau rvr A Double Weddinq Elder M P Lowry officiated at a double weddiulr at his home Satur day Time Chg parties were Thomas Sehoolcr aud Miss Gillie Brown Walter Brown and Miss Cora Aldridge Tie bride in the first couple and the groom in the second were brolhcr ind s steer being chil dren of George TJrown who lives on Lower Four Mile- WillMove ta Lexiigton Henry U Ramsey and family will move to Lexington this week where he will have a prominent position with he Standard Oil Company with which he has been connected for a number of years A Dinner Party Misses Ella and Ida Delaney gave a charming dinner party Friday evening at their elegant country rome in honor of Mr and Mrs Atha Delaney of Oklalfbma The affair was very de lightful anil one of many wjiich have made the Delaney home noted for its hospitality Mr W P Smith has resigned his position with YoJ QBurk and ac cepted a similar one at Shannon Miss Carrie Lee Hathaway of Lex ington spent several days this week here the guest of friends Mr John M Woods is recovering from a sudden and serious attackof stomach trouble UU BLACK CAftES Dont disapoint the family by not having one of our own famous Black Cakes for the CHRISTMAS DINNER We have all the materials you will need Seed Raisins Currantsi Citron Lemon and Orange Peel Layer Figs Dates rShelled Pecans Shelled English Walnuts Valencia and Jordan AJrnqjiM Genuine New Orleans Molasses EnjoyJ MacNeij Weathers 1Both Phones 4O t x V r =c 0 c r or tr v ijIt 41 1J I IliB ROSSi i The careful shopper who desires unusual values 5 at reasonable prices should inspect our assortment of SAMPLE SUITS which we are offering at j GREATLY REDUCED PRICES1 t a Also see our line of handsome coats and theU i beautifulsilk and linen Hi t TAILORED SHIRT WAISTS Iiff we havein stock If roll are looking for va siiiltable Christinas present for your wife or sweetheart see y our Xis1la3of Brassware y We have umbrella stands jardcniers in alJl sizes anUmany other beautiful and useful articles There is no more acceptable gift than a handsome V ALLIGATOR POCKETBOOiK i r t tiWe Give S H Green Trading Stamps u I i t Clifton B Rosst t p 1 a t IEI1fIf L1jr i t r 4 Miss Sylvia Day of Mt Sterling was the guest of Miss Gertrude Wilson this wee- kIrn G Garrett attended the meeting of the officials of the Henry Clay Mre Insurance Company at Lexington Friday Mrs llattie Thomson of Nortli MiddletoVn4has returned home after a visit to Mrs Dr Hedges and Mrs Mildred Robbins Robert narkwhb has been at Elkins YoYa for some time has returnedandluis accepted position with Allan Murphy Mrs Chester Tanner of Oklahoma City Oklahoma is visiting here 3Ur rna Mrs Jas llackett of Richland Va arc guests of relatives here Mrs S D Goff is the guest of Mrs Alexander McLennan of Louis villeMr Lewis Rupavtt and Miss Emma Guy of Winchester were the pleas ant guests of Miss Estella Adams Saturday ami luqqyIJereJl CitiI zen Mr and Mrs Charles IT Duty of Winchester formerly of Mt Sterling took Thanksgiving dinner with Mr and Mrs P V Thomas at their home in Omaha Nebraska Mr and Mrs Thomas were natives of this city Mrs Thomas having been Miss Kitty II 1IazehiggMrs M E Cassidy tins city who has been sick at ofI TIl1cdaughter Mrs M G Buckner and son Allen of Owensboro have rc turned home after spending several weeks with her mother Mt Sterliii g Gazette Miss Mae Osbornc was bridesmaid at the TnrpinCurtis marriage in Es till county last week Mrs George 13 Nelson and Miss Clyde Perry will go to Lexington Tuesday evening to visit their grand mother Mrs Mary C Shiddell and all end Time Girlof My Dreams at hcj opera house A Great Assortment OfS ritms Goods We have made unusual preparations for our Holiday Trade The largest and most complete stock fIToys in Central Kentucky can be SCe1l1n our store x i AH Oh 1 1st mas Good s i displayed this week ln rt Mechanical I Toys Games of all sortsB1cyc1esCameras Skates SteropticoDS lirrorscopes and hundreds of other articles Dont fail to Jvisit our store when in Lexington t t C i fC IIQYlay COj Successor to T B Dewhurst 146 W Main Street iLexiiigtpii5Itj r L VEA1HER MAN PlAYS PRANK Deposits Five Indies of Snow During Night and Prospects Arc IMonday g This is something awfulwus wlliat every one said when they got iplTtiesday morning and peeped out of their windows to see what the heather man had done during file night But there was nothing to do but get the shovel and lift about five inches of snow which had fallen dur ing the night in order to leave the homes for work Early Monday evening it began raining and sleeting and the prospects were good for a hoavy sleet be fore Tuesday morning The conditions changed about 11 oclock Mon Public Sale Haxinjg burned qut Jhep sold out and having to get outs wewillbp Friday December 9Jb at 10 a m on the old Domigan farm on the Donaldson pike about 11 miles North of Winchester and 9 miles West of Mt olowingd6 good Milch Cows all giving milk and will be fresh in the spring i Fresh Cow 3yearold Saddle Horse 4 coming 2 yearold Horse Colts 4 Weanling Calves DeeringRaKe11CliattanOOga DiggerShoyel3 dozen WhiteLeghO rn Chickens About 10 dozen other Chickens Many other Ius mentionTerms Watt MNannie S Gay WM Ali t 123lt JLGAY Clerk gtourtown 125tf 1rt YSalcoholic stimulant for children He will our oy probably Very very rarely Ask hf often he prescribes atonicforthemN- ostimulation No alcoholhabil A3Ic JcWiJl prod bey answer Ie Very very fre your doctor about Ayers Sarsaparilla quently A ers Sarsaparilla is I strong as a tonic foffttf young i cMolr tonic entirely free from alcohol day iiijrht however and snow began falling which continued until early Tuesday morning About five inches of snow fell but in places it drifted ty knoe deep mak ing it very Ufticult to wakfilal almost v ble for teams to go at all ijvj weather man Tuesday die not give much encouragement for better weather but instead says it will get CCllcr to sec to it Tuesday night that the water is shut off nntHic will be saved lot of trouble and expense See Royse iCBoonc before buying your feed We handle tho best ii town l2j tf Red Star coal is the best on the market sold by Royse Boone rtv 125tf HAVE YOUR PIQTURE TAKEN at Earps studio for Xmas presents 1 93wkseod- SHOR1 AND Standard Plionograpliy the short est legible shorthand Caught by a course of individual essonsthe best method of teaching known J G Lary 234 S highland street Homo phonc737iv 5za pr m 7 7 Hog KiltinlIiime i It has lieeii well said thatl1allol the GOODNESS IN SAUSAGE was in the seasoning If you will USE OUP DtJfeJu1t S regS1ftlr t Rubbed Sage Cayenne Pepper i angrounds i f lABAR BLACK PEPPER There will be no question but what you will get all the goodness in your sausage Fresh pure full strength spices for mince meat Try us l tl MlARTiN 9 S DRUG STORE Winchester Kentucky a mAriis s furnburJ 1ltl6r t I Correct Styisj In all the newest weaves are features of our handsome tailored suits YouWilIBeWisetoBuyLadies t where the lure of below cost prices is not held out to you Come here and meet those keen minded buyers who always know where to get the most real value for their money r I f Gr1t Reduction in fcSUITS t We have in stock a complete line of beauty fully tailoredr suits of the best materials and i I WORKMANSHIPu t r ArtistJQ t1 t jV A t tI s I J 1 e c i Page Four f h rr THE WINCHESTER NEWS n H H r See Royse Boone before buying I ybiir feed We handle the best in town 12 tfI No Possible OverSupply Too much fresh air is only Just enough fresh air for any of us Citizens National Bank Paid up Capital 21 00000 Surplus 51000 r WE SOLICIT YOUR BUSINESSI We will give you courteous treatment and attend promptly ustit Cashier T F Phillips V Pres J W Poynter As st Cashier Gold Stampse Given Awayt We andareevery aticle you will buy at our store dur i our November and December Sale and Iweare offering our stock of Clothing and to sell at reduced prices Now is aa good chance for you to get your Gold BargainsrSelz 300 Shoes nOw250I Selz 500 Shoes now 350r s Crawford 350 Shoes nOv300Ladies and Misses and Childrens Shoes i at cost Ball Band 1st Quality Overshoes and Felt Boots are our leaders We guar r antee all our goods to give you perfect sat givingxa Harris Friedman14 Main Street Winchester Ky MIi avrtyt 1 LOVE OF DOG FUR HIS MASTER Caused Animal to Follow Him to the Poor House and Force Was Nec Iessary to Separate Them BOSTON Mass Dec GThe canine love ofa fourfooted pet for Hiram Thompson 80 years oldof East Brookfield recently came near compelling the town authorities to take the dog to the Poorhouse when Thompson was earned there Only with force and blows was the pet finally prevented from following Thompson The same love returned by the master for the dog last week gauged the old man to give up snug quarters atthe poor farm and return to his isolated and lonely home Thompson and his dog have for years lived in a little house a short distance out of the village The old gentleman now SO has been an nit thority on the village life of the com munity ofn half century ago Four years ago Thompsons wife died in spite of the objections of friends and neighbors the old man persisted in keeping house with only the dog for company Up to a year iigo Mr Thompson got along very well in spite of the loneliness It was not untilsickncss and increas ing poverty began to make harsh roads that the neighbors decided to take action We handle all kinds of coal at reasonable prices Come to see us before buying Royse Boone 125tf V W Bush 6 Company FIRE AND TORNADO INSURANCEWINCHESTER OFFICE MCEIDOWNEY Phone 145 Red Star coal is the best on the market sold by Royse Boone 12ytf i RupardStewart CoKPRACTICAL CHRISTMAS GIFTS FOR MEN THE GIFTS THAT ARE THE MOST APPRECIATED BY MEN ARE THEI1 ONES THAT ARE USEFUL AND MOST PRACTICAL f you doubt this asccrtion call to remembrance the expression on the faces of the male tnembers oftUe family when the contents of SANTA CLAUS pack are annually disttibuted Do you recall any enthusiasm over the perfectly impossible articles vhich have been their portion of the tokens of esteem and affections V rf t MAKE YOUR GIFTS FOR THE MEN THE KIND THAT WILL f BE THE MOST APPRECIATED LET JJS ASSIST YOU y A Tuxedo or Evening Dress Suit for the young man that is just entering in society this is something that he will have to have and will give him the most pleasure 3500 to 5000 Lounging Robes AND HOUSE COATS made in two tone effects allwool fabrics LN to 800 Business Brother appreciate wearing to Perrins Gloves Mochas gloves exchange gloves to Make Out Your List And Let Us Assist You With Same We suggest Neckwear Mufflers Cuff Pins Shirts Suit Cases Hand Satchel Traveling Bags Silk Suspenders Canes and many other things too to mention t r MAKE SHOPPING AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE WE WILL MORE TIME TO SATISFY WISHES f Ii RupardStewaLrt CompanyTHE TIMES The Jackson Times is It small week iy paper recently MtablEslipd at Jackson county Ryland C Music is the editor L T Hover male associate We appreciate the ry much The are some clippings from the last issue If law and order s to prevail crime and must cease Chickenhearted juries are as much a curse as the criminal Hereafter we propose to report the proceedings of the Police Court whether you appreciate it or not Bo good if you cant be good be care- fuL Ifa man desires to become law less choosing that course of his own volition why should he squeal likeI a jackass when someone finds out his business A trifling cuss who loiters away his time helping his associate out of trouble deserves well of tIt Devil Its a good thing that cleanliucs is not essential to salvation What a pity some people cant let other peoples business alone A grand scoundrel should not think every one else to be of the same type Some people are very indifferent about doing right even when it is much more convenient WINCHESTER IDEA HUSTLE TUNGSTEN LAMPS The Railway Light Ice Company in order to encourage the use of current have arranged with us to reduce the price of Tungsten Lamps to cost for the present 150 watt lamp 170 100 watt lamp f ti 120 60 watt lamp 90 40 watt lamp i ij 70 25 watt lamp 60 and we in order lp introduce mini berofuseful electrical appliances are1 selling them at the lowest possible margin of profit fr a few YIN ELECTRIC SUPPLY daysl t SS IWc have the very best feed on the Come to see us before buying 125tf DRINK RgXIA4IaMore WINCHESTER ROLLER MILLS The oldest and best institution k the county is the Winchester Roller Mills Why not use home flour rthe best made Kerr perfection and White Pearl flour has no eauaL GO TO Bro nProctoria PHARMACY For pure Drugs Sundries Toilet Articles and everything found in a firstclass DrugEtore Phone us your wants and we will deliver the goods promptly Both phones 370 A HOSEYProp DB Presides Cashier R 0 VicePresident Asst Cashier Clark County National Bank Established 1865 Accounts of Merchants Farmers and Traders Solicited Made on PoInts Crpital and Surplus 350OO 000 A Suit or Overcoat for or Husband they will some that you have select ed in the way of apparel it will be a constant reminder every time he wears it 1500 3500 and H P In Dress Kids and fur lined and for the street and driving uses We all for the correct siz- e10d 600 Links Scarf Umbrellas numerous YOUR HAVE YOUR I JACKSON Breathitt paperY following lawlessness unworthy Winchester Druggist CHAS Collections Father Iti lc a word for a slOg mserbce- i2c a word for three consecutive Insertions Y2c a word for each additional sertion Oc a word per month Scattered insertions Ic per word per insertion Nothing inserted for less than ten cents Nothing charged on hooks for less than 25 cents FOR RENT Groom cottage with bath gas and all modern conveniences Good sta ble and all outbuildings Ono of the best locations in the city A bargain at 20 per month i NniOffice rn McHdowrey Buillding Home Phone 728 East Tenn 26 Insure In- STROTHERS OLD RELIABLE Fire Insurance and and Real Estate Agency OFFICE Fraternity Ids Phone i8f FOR SAlE27 acres of good land close to city limits App 1 to G D Fox Real Estate agent McEJdow nev building Winchester Ky125tf FOR RENTThree upstairs rooms for light housekeeping Gasand water 19 Bu6kner Street Mrs M It Locknaner1123tf SUBSCRIPTIONS TAKEN for arty magazine or newspaper published Clubbing offers a specialty Catalogue on request Southern Magazine Agency Clark B Tanner manager pdstoflice box 454 0 1C phone 541 WincJiestenJKy j aJ l A FOR RENTNew house fUl1lish bailrjJr French 125Gt WANTEDFodder and good feed lot ffor 50 cattle B D Goff L1253tFOR SALE A valuable building mileIcash or will divide into 3 lots and sell for 350 each Will sell to white or colored people Address J M Stevenson 1009 Mound St Cincinnati Ohio 1130Gt LOSTRing Return to II E Fitch News office and receive reward FOR SALEHarness saddles bug gy robes horse blankets horse col Jars etc E A Lowry No7 E Broadway 1123lmo FOR SALEPure bronze turkeys Mrs J F Golden East Tenn phone 33211171mo tfOR corn land now in clover and ready to plow at once For money rent or good note Apply to H W Ecton at Ectons grocery 1010tf PENDLETON RUSH BUSHxAttorneys it Liar Stk Floor McEldowney Building Winchester KyI HAMPTONI aw Iice 5th Floor McKiduwney BuildJLic Special Attention to Collections Winchester Ky J M STEVENSON Attorney it Lw f iO S gain St Winchester ky r We handle all kinds of coalt reasonable prices Cjjme tu see ns before buying Royse Jone 12 fjt N The nprtordate woman isnevenui to date with her age V ri Ir4This is a miracle: I have planted all my tomatoes already. I think it’s the first time I’ve finally realized that I live in California, and as such, I can plant stuff early early early. I tucked them under floating row cover to keep them warm during the chilly nights. I snagged some Early Girls from Kassenhoff Growers that I plan to dry-farm.
Planted three San Marzanos for canning, and two Sungolds for cherry tomatoes. I’m hoping to later get two starts of my personal favorite tomato: the amazing Paul Robeson, which I’ll probably get from Daniel at Spiral Gardens in South Berkeley.
Yesterday I also planted radishes, and added another super to my very healthy beehive. I feel so lucky to have access to my big-ass garden: Franny has taken to wandering out there in the morning to do some digging and dirt-eating.
Even if you don’t have access to a garden–for whatever reason no land, no green thumb, no time–there is something you can do this upcoming spring to ensure you’ll have a steady stream of delicious vegetables: sign up for a CSA! A CSA is an acronym for Community Supported/or Sustained Agriculture. Basically you find a farm that you believe in, promise to pay for a weekly box vegetables for a season, and then get ready for a beautiful onslaught of produce every week. CSA works great for the farmer, who god knows, needs a steady stream capital to buy seeds and property taxes and infrastructure. The consumer not only gets a share of the produce, they get the satisfaction of supporting a farmer.
If I didn’t have a garden, I would subscribe to Live Power Community Farm‘s CSA box. Live Power is a unique, amazing, draft-horse powered 40-acre farm up in Covelo. I’ve spent a few weekends there and I can say without a doubt, the produce is the most delicious I’ve ever tasted. I distinctly remember biting into one of their green gage plums, and almost crying it was so tasty. Live Power is a biodynamic farm–which goes well beyond organic standards. Gloria and Stephen are the farmers, and you’ll never meet cooler people. The care that goes into their land is palatable. You should see their compost piles. Incredible. And, the only way you are going to get Live Power produce is by subscribing to their CSA share–they don’t sell at farmer’s markets. Know that you’ll be embarking on joining a community, too. It’s not just a drop off of produce–in fact, twice a season, you’ll help pack the boxes and get to meet all the other members. It’s a great supportive community. I’m actually starting to feel jealous… So, sign up by emailing their membership coordinator: jeaner.27 at gmail dot com! They serve Marin, SF, and the East Bay. You’ll need to sign up by March 30; their season runs from May 18-December 7.
Reminder: Garden day is on for Thursday, if it’s not raining. 3-6-ish, at 2727 MLK. I rented a concrete cutter from the tool lending library so if anyone has power tool skills or aggression toward pavement, please please join us!ISBN13: 9780765347732
ISBN10: 0765347733 Condition: Standard All Product Details
On his first day on the job as Royal Reporter of the land of Serendair, Charles Magnus Ven Polypheme—known as Ven—is sent by King Vandemere on a secret mission within the walls of the Gated City. The king warns Ven to take care—because once you enter the Gated City, you might never be allowed to leave. The Gated City is ruled by the powerful Ravens Guild, and the guild is ruled Dragons Lair, when she is not attempting to break the worlds record for the longest braid of dental floss.
Children's » Middle Readers » General
Children's » Science Fiction and Fantasy » General
Fiction and Poetry » Science Fiction and Fantasy » A to ZFringe 2008 | TV Show Watchlist
Season 1, Episode 11 Bound
First Aired: January 20, 2009
A visit from Olivia's sister (Ari Graynor) and a formal review of the Fringe Division coincide with the investigation of the murder of a famous scientist, which may have something to do with Olivia's recent abduction.
Guest Cast
Ari Graynor Ari Graynor Rachel Dunham
Peter Jay Fernandez Peter Jay Fernandez Dr. Simon
Lily Pilblad Lily Pilblad Ella Blake
Chance Kelly Chance Kelly Mitchell Loeb
Stephen Schnetzer Stephen Schnetzer Prof. Stewart Kinberg
Next On TVSeeThe Official website for the Macomb Illinois Little League: 2015 MLL Baseball Teams
Minor League (9-10)
| BWW | Diggers College City Bowl | McDonough Power | First Bankers Trust | Macomb Fire Fighters | Gentry Motor Company |
Intermediate League (11-12)
| Citizens Bank | 1st Farm Credit | First State Bank | Dominos Pizza | Ace Hardware |
Macomb Little League
Coach Pitch (5-6)
| Dairy Queen | Westen Investments | Hy Vee | Sports Corner | Whalen Manufacturing | Mid America National Bank | Macomb Elks |
Pee Wee (7-8)
| Kiwanis | Western Distributing | Pepsi | PGIB | Coke | FYI | Aurelios |
Tournament/Travel Baseball
League AgeThursday, Nov. 8, 2012 5:30 p.m. to 5:30 p.m.
Location: First Universalist Church of Pittsfield, corner of Main and Easy streets, Pittsfield, ME
For more information: Holly Zadra; 207-487-2706
All are welcome to the First Universalist Church of Pittsfield’s annual LOCAL HARVEST TURKEY SUPPER November 8 at 5:30pm. All the food for this supper is sourced from within 50 miles of Pittsfield. Free with suggested donation. For more information, contact Holly Zadra at 487-2706.June 15, 2009
Matt Scalici
TideSports.com
The state of Georgia has been fertile recruiting ground for Nick Saban and the Alabama Crimson Tide and one of the Tide's top targets in the Peach State for 2010 is Jackson (GA) defensive end Neiron Ball. The 6-foot-4, 210-pound pass rusher holds an impressive offer list, including Alabama, Auburn, Florida, LSU and the home-state Georgia Bulldogs.With summer camp season well underway, Ball is preparing to start showcasing his talent to some of the top schools in the SEC."In July, I'm going to the Friday Night Lights camp at Florida and also Georgia's camp. I also plan on making some visits before the summer is over."Among those school's receiving visits from the nation's 23rd-ranked weakside defensive end is Alabama."Alabama is somewhere I definitely want to visit soon. I really like talking to their coaches and I know from watching them last season that they are a powerful team. They are going to do a lot of winning in the next few years. I don't know a lot about the school yet, though, which is why I'd really like to take a visit sometime soon."Many believe Ball will be difficult to pull away from Georgia, particularly since his brother Neland Ball is currently a defensive end for the Bulldogs, but the three-star prospect maintains that he's open to other possibilities."It honestly wouldn't be hard at all for me to leave the state. I like Georgia but not just because my brother is there. I like a lot of other schools too right now. I'm going to pick the place that's right for me and gives me the best chance to succeed. If that's school is in another state, it's no problem."Ball boasts a 4.5 forty time, a 250=pound bench max and a 32-inch vertical leap. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign inHang tight!
Recipe by Gran28540
"These rolls are light and flavorful. A special morning treat I love to make in the fall."
Hmm. None of these ingredients are on sale today.
Show ingredients on sale
Sort stores by
Save money at local stores when ingredients are on sale!
Watch video tips and tricks
Rolls:
1/3 cup
milk
3 tablespoons
unsalted butter
1/2 cup
solid-pack pumpkin
3 tablespoons
white sugar
1/2 teaspoon
salt
1 large
egg, beaten
1 (.25 ounce) package
rapid rise yeast
1 cup
unbleached all-purpose flour
1 cup
bread flour
3 tablespoons
unsalted butter, melted
1 tablespoon
ground cinnamon
3/4 cup
dark brown sugar
1/3 cup
finely chopped pecans
1/4 cup
dried currants
(optional)
Icing:
1 (8 ounce) package
cream cheese
1/2 cup
unsalted butter, softened
1 (16 ounce) box
confectioners' sugar
1 teaspoon
vanilla extract
PREP
COOK
READY IN
* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet.
Nutty Cinnamon and Currant Pumpkin Rolls
Serving Size: 1/12 of a recipe
Servings Per Recipe: 12
Amount Per Serving
Calories: 521 homemade pumpkin cinnamon rolls are scary delicious.
Watch how to make these top-rated cinnamon rolls.
See how to make quick-and-easy homemade cinnamon rolls.Last week in Beverly Hills, one man was grinning. Marcelo Benez, advertising director of La Folha de San Paulo is a happy man. His mission is to use every possible features allowed by modern printing machines, to offer his advertisers a variety of special formats. This goes beyond the limits of the publication itself : pop-up that surge from a page, complicated origami glued inside the paper, poster-like ads 16 times the size of a broadsheet page ("we don't sell by the inch-column, but by the meter sometimes", he laughs). That led to a stream of exclusive campaigns for the launch of products and services. A French daily for instance, does less that a dozen of "special operations" per year. By contrast, La Folha took up 287 of such events last year! Results are stunning : in 2007, the overall Brazilian economy grew by 5.4% ; for the ad market the growth was +9% and la Folha de San Paulo made a +19.3% progression in ad revenues.Kim Jong-un escalated his inflammatory response to a new round of United Nations sanctions by ordering troops on the border with South Korea to prepare for war.
Mr Kim chose a highly sensitive location for his address to North Korean troops, visiting military positions facing the South Korean island of Yeonpyeong, where a North Korean bombardment killed four people and wounded 19 in 2010.
Mr Kim “stressed the need for the soldiers to keep themselves fully ready to go into action to annihilate the enemy”. The country’s official news agency added that, if war broke out, he “instructed them to deal deadly blows at the enemies”.
Mr Kim’s open talk of a new Korean war came after his regime threatened America with a “pre-emptive” nuclear strike. The belligerence came in response to the unanimous vote in the UN Security Council on Thursday to impose further economic sanctions. These measures followed North Korea’s third test of a nuclear bomb last month.
In addition, Mr Kim has ended.
A spokesman for South Korea’s defence ministry pointed out: “If North Korea on Friday”.FEATURED AGENT
FEATURED AGENT
£2,650,000
6 bedroom detached house for sale Stanlake Lane, Ruscombe, Reading, Berkshire, RG10Period country home with stunning outlook More details ›
- £1,895,000 Guide Price
Guide Price £1,895,000
5 bedroom detached house for sale Woods Grove, Waltham St. Lawrence, Reading, RG10Beautiful family home in a superb semi-rural gated community More details ›
- £1,500,000 Offers in Excess of
Offers in Excess of £1,500,000
Detached house for sale Whistley Mill Lane, Whistley Green, Reading, Berkshire, RG10A unique opportunity to acquire a superb lakeside plot of approximately 2.7 acres with outline planning permission for a detached house of approximately 5,100sqft with assorted leisure facilities. Wokingham Borough Council application number 0/2013/1135. More details ›
Reduced on 02/02/2015 by Hamptons International Sales, Maidenhead. Call: 01628 301035 Local call rate
- £1,250,000 Guide Price
Guide Price £1,250,000
4 bedroom detached house for sale North Charvil, Berkshire.An exceptional 4 bedroom detached family home offering 4 stunning reception rooms, 2 bathrooms and far-reaching views (which can be particularly enjoyed from a delightful, must-see balcony). This fabulous property boast a generous surround plot of approximately 1/3 of an acre, complete with ample More details ›
- £1,200,000 Guide Price
Guide Price £1,200,000
5 bedroom detached house for sale Llewellyn Park, Twyford, Berkshire, RG10An attractive and well appointed 5 bedroom detached house located in a sought after cul-de-sac within walking distance of Twyford village centre and railway station. More details ›
Guide Price £995,000
5 bedroom detached house for sale CharvilApproximately 3532 Sqft built in 2008 to a high specification throughout on a non estate road in the popular area of Charvil. Approximately 0.84 miles away from Twyford village crossroad with local shops, Waitrose, Tesco Express and mainline railway station serving London Paddington and Reading. ... More details ›
£950,000
6 bedroom detached house for sale Willow Drive, Twyford, Reading, Berkshire, RG10A well appointed detached family house set at the end of a cul-de-sac, with flexible accommodation arranged over two floors set in mature and beautifully maintained gardens with a favoured westerly aspect. More details ›
Guide Price £795,000
4 bedroom detached house for sale Whistley Mill Lane, Whistley Green, Reading, RG10A charming detached home dating back the late 1920s. More details ›
Guide Price £750,000
5 bedroom detached house for sale Walnut Tree Close, Ruscombe, Reading, Berkshire, RG10Brand new to the market - A 5 bedroom detached house situated in a sought after close of similar properties presented in excellent order throughout. More details ›
Guide Price £750,000
4 bedroom detached house for sale Ruscombe, Berkshire.A charming 4 bedroom, 4 reception rooms detached family home with spacious and flexible living accommodation and requiring slight modernisation. The property sits in generous and beautifully presented grounds and is situated in this highly regarded and sought after location of Ruscombe yet within More details ›
Thank you.
Your information has been sent to 0 out of 15 agents who have property to sell in the area you specified.John Quincy Adams on Twitter.
If you like the conversion of old diaries into Twitter feeds, check out TwHistory.com, which has published the diaries of different leaders during the Battle of Gettysburg. Last I saw, they’re also planning on doing something similar to cover the events of the Cuban Missile Crisis.
Also, there’s a project floating around the interwebs that is publishing George Orwell’s daily journal from 1938-1942. Isn’t it amazing how the Internet has changed everything?
It really is. I actually blogged about the Orwell diaries project last year.
Thank you for the TwHistory tip. I dig it tons.Many videographers dream that their work will go viral, that they will shoot something that so speaks to people that it spreads like wildfire over the Internet.
A viral video is a great way to bring attention to your business or show off your video-creating talents. And while it's almost videos captured worldwide attention after they were revealed to be a hoax.
You don't need to invent an elaborate fictional universe to make a popular viral video, though. The Internet's most current viral video, Gangnam Style, a world-wide phenomenon starring South Korean musician PSY, not only has everyone making parodies, it's created a new horsey-dance style gaining popularity all over the world. As of late October 2012, the music video had more than 530 million views on YouTube, making it the site's third most watched video. Guinness World Records recognized it as the most "liked" YouTube video ever.
Want to gain such popular culture fame? Here are some ideas to keep in mind that can increase your chances of going viral.
1 - Keep Things Simple
Remember, with a viral video, your goal is to encourage viewers to share the video with their friends. So every time you start shooting a video, ask yourself: If I were to randomly find this video while searching Vimeo or YouTube, would it catch my attention? Would I watch it through to the end? Would I like it enough to want to share it with people that I know? To that end, viral videos should be easy to understand. If the action takes too much time to explain or requires knowledge of some backstory, chances are that most viewers won't bother to pass them along. Keep things simple and to the point with crisp audio and clean images, so even the viewer with the shortest attention span can get what's going on. Research shows that the best length for a viral video is generally between 15 seconds and five minutes.
2 - Interesting Content
Videos that have some sort of hook - whether they be cute, funny, or unusual - are much more likely to go viral. Consider Nyan Cat. In some ways, Nyan Cat is the perfect storm of viral video elements. It's got something funny - it's a cat with a toaster pastry for a body, flying through space on a rainbow trail to the tune of some wacky Japanese pop song. It's got something cute - it's a cat, after all. And it's animated in 8-bit video game style, a style that appeals to the nostalgia of the key late 20 to early 30-year-old Internet demographic. You'll want your video to instantly grab a viewer's attention, so you will need to have something really eye-catching and memorable!
3 - Add Music!
Everyone loves music. Music videos can catch on for a number of reasons. Of course, the strength of the music carries the video into stardom. Sometimes, it's more because the video has an innovative gimmick that tickles viewers' fancy - OK Go's famous treadmill video is a good example of this. And sometimes, there's viral stardom in just being terrible. Rebecca Black thought that she would get a record deal when she released her vanity project Friday online, but instead listeners couldn't get enough of the ridiculous lyrics, silly party sequences, and over-autotuned vocals. Unfortunately, this doesn't help you - purposely making a bad music video that still manages to entertain people is quite difficult. Not to mention the fact that, once people realize that you're not genuinely bad, they may quickly lose interest. However, if you present your "bad" video as a parody of bad videos, then viewers might not feel cheated when they realize that you're not actually as incompetent as they initially believed.
4 - Be Funny!
Humorous videos are the most likely to go viral. Everyone enjoys a good chuckle and, when something makes you laugh, you're eager to share the joke with others. Of course, humor is highly subjective, so it's hard to say what jokes will best resonate with the video-sharing community. Many of the funniest videos circulating on the Web document real-life incidents. The popular Winnebago Man videos, for instance, are simply bloopers from a circa 1980 Winnebago commercial wherein spokesman Jack Rabney continuously flubs his lines while growing more and more frustrated. Capturing moments like that requires a lot of luck. But staged videos also have a lot of potential. The Landlord follows actor Will Ferrell as he argues with his landlady, who happens to be a small child for reasons unknown. It's a strange setup but it's easy to understand and the gimmick isn't any less funny for being scripted.
5 - Scary Videos Can Go Viral
The Little Fears YouTube channel gained sudden popularity by posting low-key videos, often showing mundane daily scenes, while a deadpan narrator recited unnerving urban legends. The combination worked, and the videos took off. A spooky horror video also has potential to go viral, but it's less likely than a funny video. Everyone loves a good laugh, but only certain people like a fright. That will limit the audience for your video. Also, please be aware that a creepy video is not the same as a screamer. A screamer is a video or animated .gif that flashes an unexpected, grotesque image. In general, a scary video is an unlikely candidate for viral status, but it's worth considering if you feel this is where your strengths lie. Take some time to study other scary videos that have gone viral; the atmospheric YouTube serial MarbleHornets is a good starting place.
6 - Connect Your Video to One that's Already Viral
Have you ever noticed how, after you've seen one video go viral, you'll see dozens of mash-ups, remixes and parodies jumping on the band wagon? People love to see videos that reference things they remember. It gives the viewer a sense of belonging, a feeling that they are "in on the joke," that makes them more likely to look kindly on your video and pass it along to their friends.
More than 2000 spoof Gangnam Style videos were uploaded to YouTube at one point in just two weeks at its height of popularity. When you're putting together a viral video, think about the contents of other recent viral videos and how you can take advantage of their popularity. Remember that memes get old very quickly, though, and it's a rare viral video that can continue to enthrall audiences for very long. If you decide to take this copycat route to success, you will have to move fast to make sure that you strike while the iron is hot.
7 - Stunt Videos
This is a category of video for experts only. Some people believe that imitating dangerous stunts they see on television is the key to fame and fortune. If you have a genuine skill, this is a no-brainer. Videos of exciting skateboard tricks or tricky acrobatics could catch the attention of any viewer. But be careful! You should never do any stunt or allow yourself to get involved in capturing a stunt on video if you believe that you or anyone else might actually be injured. In some jurisdictions, you could even get in legal trouble for encouraging someone else to go through with a dangerous stunt. This may sound like obvious advice, but the lure of fame convinces some people to do stupid things. People may be equally quick to watch footage of unsuccessful stunts out of morbid curiosity, but those views won't do you any good if you're dead. Practice common sense and know your limitations.
8 - Shoot a Reaction Video
The reaction video is a close cousin to the meme-bandwagon video. A reaction video consists of footage of someone responding to something in an amusing way. Many reaction videos often involve surprising a friend or loved one with a grotesque or shocking image and filming their horrified response, but not necessarily.
Reaction videos can be sweet or cute as opposed to mean-spirited. For example, in one reaction video, the video creator showed his five year old daughter the film Star Wars and then asked her to respond to it. He then filmed her rambling but very matter-of-fact synopsis ("The shiny guy always worries," she explained in reference to C-3PO's visible anxiety.) Another popular series of reaction videos involves showing small children videos of various Internet memes and asking them to explain their appeal. (Most kids are, interestingly, not very impressed with things like Double Rainbow or Bubb Rubb.)
The important thing is that the reaction must appear genuine! A reaction video loses all its punch if it appears to be faked. But if you have a young child or sibling who has a habit of spouting adorable or hilarious non sequiturs, you might have the makings of an excellent reaction video.
9 - Connect Your Video to a Hot Pop Culture Phenomenon
Your video doesn't have to reference a different viral video; you can also reference something that's hot in general pop culture. Ask yourself, what's big with the kids right now? For example, in early 2012, the Internet was abuzz over The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim video game, the My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic TV series, and The Walking Dead (2010). If you were to incorporate any of these elements, your video would already have a built-in fanbase. You could even combine them in new and novel ways to increase the cross-over appeal of your video.
What about a video of My Little Pony running around the Skyrim world? It might not make sense to you, but fans of either franchise would go gaga. The advantage of this game plan is that you may find a wider audience, since your video could also appeal to people who aren't intimately familiar with other viral videos. Pop culture trends are always shifting, so, while these properties may not be quite as ephemeral as some of the meme-derived videos, they are still transitory. Some pop culture events have proven to have remarkable staying power; so much that they've entered our cultural lexicon. For example, while the world may quickly forget the latest cartoon or video game - and the viral videos associated with it - you can be fairly confident that a viral video based on an enduring film like Star Wars will probably still have an audience months or even years down the line.
10 - Include an Animal
Everyone loves animals. Many of the most popular viral videos involve animals going about their daily business; videos as simple as a baby panda sneezing or two otters holding hands have managed to capture the imagination of millions of Web surfers. The good thing about animal videos is that they are usually remarkably easy to shoot; the bad thing is that, while they take little preparation, they do require a lot of patience. Much of shooting an animal video is just being at the right place at the right time and always having your camera ready. If you're already a wildlife videographer who's always shooting video of animals, then the chances are good that you'll recording at just the right moment to capture something adorable.
11 - Make a Video Ripe for Remixing
Remember what we said about all those viral video remixes? A remix is a great way to take advantage of an Internet fad, but why not create that fad yourself? Certain videos seem to lend themselves well to variations. For example, Keyboard Cat is a video of a cat playing a piano. Not for real, of course, the cat's owner is hiding behind the feline, manipulating his front paws to hit the keyboard. Keyboard Cat was possibly originally a spoof on a real keyboard playing cat, NORA the Piano Cat.
The Keyboard Cat video became an Internet sensation because it was so easy to append it to the tail of other videos and have it fit perfectly. The dominant theme of most "keyboard cat" remixes was that the cat would play the keyboard in response to some sort of injury or failure - so a video of someone slipping on a banana peel, a bicyclist rising into a tree, or a politician flubbing a debate question might well be followed by a clip of a cat playing his or her song. A short video that lends itself well to recontextualization is a prime candidate for going viral.
Three Things to Remember
- 1. It's easy to lose control of a viral video once it's out on the Internet. Your video may become phenomenally popular, but what good does that do you if you don't get any credit for creating it? A lot of people pass along videos without bothering to include any credit to the source, so don't think that just because you place the video on your own webpage or YouTube channel that everyone will know it's yours. It's a good idea to place your name and website in the video as a bug or lower third, so that anyone viewing it will know who to thank.
- 2. It's impossible to predict with 100 percent accuracy what will appeal to peoples' fancies, but you can help your video along by posting it in the right channels. Putting your video on your own private webpage won't help you if you're not getting any traffic. You want to make it as easy as possible for people to share your content. Try posting your video on YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook, Digg, Tumblr, reddit or anywhere else that people are likely to find and share.
- 3. Some of the most popular viral videos didn't become that way by accident. Companies that spend thousands of dollars to create a viral video will also spend thousands of dollars "secretly" promoting it, using multiple YouTube accounts, forum sock puppets and other clandestine methods. Independent videographers may not have the same resources. Use what you have. Send to your friends, relatives and colleagues whom you think would appreciate it and ask them to pass it along. Be careful not to spam them, though! No one appreciates getting bombarded with time-wasting messages..
Mike Rosen-Molina is a marketing coordinator for Videomaker.Clarks Fulham WalkSKU: #8176527
Product Information
- Flexibility, comfort, and handsome style are just a few things the Fulham Walk has to offer!
- Nubuck upper with a lace-up closure for an adjustable and secure fit.
- Textile lining for all-day wear.
- Lightly cushioned footbed for added comfort.
- EVA outsole for a pleasurable walking experience.
- Imported.
- Measurements:
- Heel Height: 1 in
- Weight: 11 oz
- Product measurements were taken using size 9.5, width D - Medium. Please note that measurements may vary by size.
Fr me,this issue was better than number one, more love for Cosmos, so how can you go wrong. And flint was really cool too. I was upset with how easily Monstructor was taken down, but it was still cool to see him.
Andy's art was very reminissant of his Marvel days, which worked well, but the "inner" transformers of the pretenders just didn't work to well for me.The appearances combined between Corpus Christi, Single-A Quad Cities and Single-A Tri-City this season. He has 20 strikeouts in 16.2 innings, while allowing a .234 opponent’s batting average. He joined Corpus Christi on July 10. Lo was one of the final cuts this spring where he had a 2.08 ERA in nine appearances for the Astros.
Zeid, 26, has gone 4-1 with 13 saves and a 3.50 ERA. Zeid also pitched well in spring training, making six appearances and posting a 1.50 ERA.
Ambriz, 29, has made 43 relief appearances for the Astros this season over two stints with the club. He most recently returned to Houston on July 19.
The moves fill out the Astros bullpen after the team traded closer Jose Veras to Detroit earlier in the day for a minor-league outfielder and a player to be named later.Tags metal, remix, rock, dubstep, electro
Artists Lamb of God, Daft Punk, Foo Fighters
Published
March 12, 2012
The best remixes I have right now, Some are obvious, some you’d never expect to work. Remixes of Lamb of God, Daft Punk and the Foo Fighters.
Keele Kollection by Senior12.92
Songs that I found/played the shit out of in W-Block.
university, dance, predrinks, party
Rainymood Mix by Senior12.92
A Mix of 21 songs that go perfect with rainymood.
sleep, chill, relax, rain, study
If I owned a Coffee Shop…. by Senior12.92
…These are some of the songs you would hear, 27 songs with Music from Daft Punk, Santana and Laid Blak.
weed, rock, smoke, chill, fun
The Songs of Amsterdam by Senior12.92
Got back from a trip to the Dam and thought it’d cool if I could have the songs I remembered in one place.
rock, indie, weed, stoned, relaxNice to meet you on Audiko.net! The best opportunity to download a free Dr Evil ringtones for your iPhone or mobile. Choose your favorite segment from your favorite masterpiece - Austin Powers - Dr.evil tells Scott to zip it!, My Name Is Dr Evil, You've got frikin' mail!, or any other track. It’s possible to have your ringtone both in the MP3 and m4a formats, played by both mobile phones and iPhones. Just select a track, and choose free Dr Evil ringtones download option.
Download Dr Evil Ringtones
Top free ringtones
Albums
Dr Evil
Austin Powers: International
Dr Evil
Dr EvilExcerpt from JoeAnn Hart’s Latest Novel FLOAT
Ten Bells’ doors opened at 5:30 a.m. so that dock workers could get a quick snort before work, or to offer amber consolation if there was none. In the past, and perhaps even into the present, the bar was known as a place where captains, short of men for some dangerous journey or another, would troll for crew, make them paralytic with drink, then carry them on board on stretchers and lay them out like corpses in the hold. And that was exactly how Duncan felt the next morning.
“Sassafras,” he croaked, without opening his eyes. Thanks to several more oyster shooters after dinner, Duncan had already reached his waterline by the time they left Slocum’s apartment, then he took more onboard at Ten Bells. Bottom shelf bourbon, $3.05 a shot. He’d ended up, somehow, fully clothed on the sofa in his office and woke to the sound of a rally outside his window. Annuncia’s basso profundo voice blared through a loudspeaker. “A clean sea is a profitable sea!” she shouted. It was 10 a.m.
He curled tighter into the ball he was already in and pulled his windbreaker over his head. He’d forgotten that he’d told her that she could launch her Boat Garbage Project from Seacrest’s loading dock today, but it was coming back to him loud and clear now. He had assumed she meant at the end of the workday, but of course, she would want to do it early enough to catch that evening’s news cycle.
The crowd started to chant, and the steady noise bore through his eardrums like seaworms. “Bring the garbage back to shore! Bring the garbage back to shore!”
Annuncia quieted them down and continued speaking. “We complain about the crap from outfall pipes and pollution on our fish, and then we throw our own garbage overboard. What’s up with that?”
The crowd emitted a low boo, and he could hear Wade’s voice leading the pack. Even though Annuncia was at the microphone, this project was really his baby. On Earth Day that spring, instead of cleaning beaches with the other volunteers, he decided to motor from boat to boat asking for garbage. When they saw how successful he’d been, a group of kids started making the rounds every weekend in a pedal-driven barge built from plastic water bottles, and it wasn’t long before some of the fishermen and pleasure boaters started to bring it in on their own. The problem was, as always, that there was no place to put it. Often the bags were just left on the docks at the mercy of the gulls and crows, and that meant debris scattered everywhere, on land and water. Annuncia hadn’t realized the extent to which everyone had been throwing their trash overboard before that. It was against the law, but they had to catch you first, and the ocean was a mighty big place.
Visit JoeAnn’s website to purchase your copy of Float.Saint Thomas, Virgin Islands - United States
Property ID: 3183
Print Page
Enjoy a quiet tropical vacation at this intimate and secluded resort, situated on a lush tropical hillside overlooking the world-famous Magens Bay Beach. Discover a friendly family atmosphere whether you lounge by the pool or play tennis on your choice of two courts. For your convenience, enjoy breakfast, lunch and dinner at the resort's restaurant and pool bar, serving American food with a Caribbean twist. After a day of fun, relax and enjoy a glass of wine or an ice-cold rum creation at the pool bar while watching the sun set over Magens Bay.Check-in Time: 16:00Check-out Time: 10:00Check-in Days: SaturdayImportant InformationStudio units are small and best suited for 2 adults.Mid week linen change.Please check with resort for smoking policy.Mandatory fee: Utility surcharge is 10 to 20 U.S. dollars.Housekeeping fee: There may be a 20 U.S. dollars for 1 Bedroom units, daily. Housekeeping fee: There may be a 20 U.S. dollars for Studio, daily. Housekeeping fee: There may be a 20 U.S. dollars for Studio, daily.: hot flashesStage/Subtype: hot flashesTreatment/Intervention: complementary or alternative medicine procedureTrial Status: Active Results 1-2 of 2 for your search: Start Over Select All on Page Sort by: Phase of Trial Title Type of Trial Status of Trial Age Range Sponsor of Trial Protocol IDs Show 10 25 50 100 200 Results per Page 1. Effectiveness and Safety of Acupuncture for Climacteric Syndrome in Patients With Breast Cancer Phase: Phase IVType: Supportive careStatus: ActiveAge: 18 to 65Sponsor: OtherProtocol IDs: DGR-2025/2008-Lesi, NCT01275807 2. Acupuncture Treatment for Hot Flashes Study Phase: Phase II, Phase IType: Supportive careStatus: ActiveAge: 18 and overSponsor: OtherProtocol IDs: NYM # 325, NCT00421902 Select All on Page Start Over7 weeks after is Surf City, which completes our "California Dreamin' Racing series (San Fran, Long Beach, Surf City) and get our cool schwag (jacket and medal).
About 5 weeks after is the LA Marathon (hopefully with running with Charlie)
....and then perhaps Skyline to the sea and then Copenhagen (not signed up for them, yet).
Am I crazy?
I don't think so: I don't plan on running any of these races all-out, obviously. I'll probably do them in the 9:40-10:10 range which is easy run pace for me. (Don't get me wrong though, runs over 16 miles are never 'easy')
This Sunday was the final long run before the first marathon in the series.....the weather forecast was not good, and if I was rained out it meant getting up really really early on Monday to get the run in before work.
I woke up at about 630am and stared out the window and saw a clear sky with dawn starting... venus aka "the morning star" was shining brightly saying: "Paul, come out and RUN! 8)"
Out the door at 6:50am and ran 21 miles in the dawn and then clear sunny sky. Temps started cold but as soon as the sun cleared the hills it got up into the sixties. I started slowly and gradually chopped down the average pace to 9:35min/mile.
At mile 19 I hopped on the Paly track and banged out an 8:24 mile, which felt good. Then I took it easy for the final 2 mile jog home.
Here are my splits:
mile: 1 pace: 10:17
mile: 2 pace: 9:53
mile: 3 pace: 9:51
mile: 4 pace: 9:57
cumulative @ mile: 5 pace: 9:59
mile: 5 pace: 9:59
mile: 6 pace: 10:02
mile: 7 pace: 9:44
mile: 8 pace: 9:32
mile: 9 pace: 9:21
cumulative @ mile: 10 pace: 9:50
mile: 10 pace: 9:21
mile: 11 pace: 9:31
mile: 12 pace: 9:18
mile: 13 pace: 9:27
mile: 14 pace: 9:22
cumulative @ mile: 15 pace: 9:41
mile: 15 pace: 9:36
mile: 16 pace: 9:34
mile: 17 pace: 9:30
mile: 18 pace: 9:13
mile: 19 pace: 8:24 (Paly track)
cumulative @ mile: 20 pace: 9:34
mile: 20 pace: 9:07
mile: 21 pace: 10:38
cumulative @ mile: 21.0 pace: 9:35
3hr 22 min
The rain showed up later, but I was already happy with the morning's results. I refueled by eating a wonderful lunch of homemade vegetarian Indian Dhosas at a friend's house and then some super chicken-roasted leek pasta for dinner at another friends house. How great is that? Yum!
I have not logged many miles (about 40) in the last month so I was kinda curious what my fitness level was...as suspected I'm not at my peak but I've still got plenty of endurance...I felt I could have easily extended this run to a full 26.2 in 4:15-4:25.
Now starts 2 weeks of 'taper'...but...it's really not a taper since I was already tapered ;)
The earlier part of this week went well with 18 miles of running, 5 miles of walking, 40 minutes of biking and 60 minutes of core/upper workout time.
The biking is good..doing about an hour a week at a medium hard pace..but it's been messing with my leg muscles quite a bit...something is going on but not sure if it's good or bad yet.
WooHoo Paul! Good luck with the upcoming Marathon. Very inspiring to see your motivation!
Good luck at the "Surf City Marathon", Paul! If you are driving, be there early. By son, who is from Walnut Creek, will be running the event also, to complete the series. I will out of the country for 2 months.
Very impressive run!! It takes a lot to get going especially after the fifteen mile marker. I love the longer the race gets because I feel strong throughout, but everytime around that marker you begin to feel that latic acid. This is about the time one must decide if they are going to fight through it or just call it quits. Good job with the race and good luck at the "Surf City Marathon"!!!Ramblin' Man: Full-time RV Life
My blog is about an alternative retirement lifestyle – Full-Time RVing. Here you get to follow my travels and see many of the interesting places and people I encounter along my way.
Monthly Archive for September, 2009
Six-Channel Surround Sound – Part One
The … [Read More]
Fall Finally Arrives, At Last!
Two days ago it was 101 degrees. Yesterday it was 89. Today’s forecast is 71! According to the Weather Channel the forecast for the next 10 days is between 67 and 84 with most days around 75. Local folks have been saying this has been the warmest September they can remember. Lucky me! It sure will be nice to have some cooler temperatures. [Read More]
Restored Aerocar Travel Trailer
XM Radio and cell phone amplifier are operational.
Yesterday I continued installing the XM Radio and cell phone amplifier system. It took a while because a certain someone (aka Mary) wants everything neat, e.g. wires hidden, etc.. Within exception of about 18″ where the wires come in via a vent and an enter a cabinet, I was able to comply with her wishes. We chose routing the wires in this manner because we really didn’t want to chance damaging internal wiring, etc., by drilling a hole in the roof. Xm antenna on left and cell phone antenna on right … [Read More]
I Can Hear You Now!
It was time to install the newly arrived cell phone amplifier system. I decided to test it for operational performance before installing… just in case it decided not to function properly. Testing the cell phone amplifier system prior to installing. I laid all the components on the dinette table and got the following results…(if you remember, in earlier posts I’ve described that Mary lives on the edge of the world where you may and most likely not get a cell phone signal.) [Read More]
Show MoreCOSTA RICA PROPERTY SEARCH
Selling Costa Rica Real Estate with Re/Max
Selling Costa Rica Property - Why Choose Re/Max?
When you choose a RE/MAX Costa Rica sales agent to sell your real estate, you'll experience the highest quality of marketing and service in the country. Our Tamarindo real estate team boasts an exceptional reputation and over 10 years experience. Our office is strategically located on Tamarindo's main street to maximize walk-in traffic, and we do more web and print marketing than any other agency in the area. We also have two sister offices in the very popular Papagayo area: RE/MAX Tres Amigos Hermosa and RE/MAX Prestige Properties Panama. Our Costa Rica real estate team is the largest in the country under single ownership so we are able to market and tour your property with clients staying all along the Guanacaste's famous Gold Coast.
RE/MAX agents are Costa Rica property experts. They are the most knowledgeable agents, with the experience and community connections to assist you in the selling process. We live and work in our respective areas, so can share first hand knowledge about the community and lifestyle with potential buyers. RE/MAX agents have the experience to get the job done in today's market. That's why no one in the world sells more real estate than RE/MAX.
Global Referral Network
No other real estate company can offer your Costa Rica home more exposure. Our international referral network includes offices in more than 80 countries worldwide and more than 90,000 agents. The power of the RE/MAX name boosts business and attracts homebuyers.
Home of the Best Agents®
At RE/MAX, professionalism and education are a priority. Our RE/MAX Associates belong to national and international associations and boast a variety of designations including the Costa Rica Guanacaste Association of Realtors (CRGAR), Costa Rica Board of Realtors (CCBR), National Assocation of Realtors (NAR) and Certified International Property Specialist (CIPS). homebuyers and sellers will be an industry leader. RE/MAX is that leader. Thanks to its global network and stellar reputation, it's no wonder people turn to RE/MAX when selling Costa Rica real estate. with our RE/MAX agents including multiple websites, print advertising, and three offices in locations stategically chosen to maximize walk-in traffic combined with international television advertising and broad Internet exposure, inspires buyers to seek out RE/MAX agents. You can be sure that when When you list your Costa Rica property with a RE/MAX agent, it will receive wide exposure.
Premier Market Presence®
RE/MAX is the international agents providing superior customer service under an internationally recognized.
Customer Satisfaction
The proof of quality service is in repeat clients and in clients who refer RE/MAX to friends and family. RE/MAX Sales Associates typically generate a large percentage of their business from past customers and referrals.The Bold And The Beautiful Spoilers And Videos For July 28 – August 1.
Visit this page daily to get Soap Opera Fan Blog’s most recent updates of “The Bold And The Beautiful” spoilers and videos.
While Deacon works on a plan to get himself back into Brooke’s life, Ridge, knowing the truth about the helicopter incident, insists Brooke not go through with her marriage to Bill. This leads to Bill pleading with Brooke to forgive him and become his wife. Deacon gets involved, comforts Brooke, and becomes an obstacle for Bill in his bid to win her back.
Hope refuses Wyatt’s gift out of respect for Liam, who is then forced to watch a press conference during which Wyatt publicly displays his affection for Hope. Liam leaves the event in anger and turns to Ivy for comfort. Later, Liam comes up with a life-changing plan, Quinn returns to Los Angeles as a changed woman, and Paris is the setting for fashion, romance and a wedding.uly 31st, 2014 |OSAC 2011 Crime and Safety Report: Guadalajara
Overall Crime and Safety Situation
Guadalajara is the second largest city in Mexico, and following the multiple drug cartel assassinations and grenade attacks targeting the local police, the security environment has not improved over the past year. Although none of the drug cartel violence has directly targeted American citizens, several gun battles involving the use of AK-47 automatic rifles and grenades have been waged within close proximity of places that Americans frequent on a regular basis. Military units are playing an increasing role in supporting law enforcement operations against organized crime.
Guadalajara does have issues of serious concern, such as a large drug trade, police corruption (at the lower ranks), and a very slow rate of investigation, prosecution, and conviction once a complaint has been filed. Though we rely on government statistics to identify trends, it must be noted that under-reporting of crime is believed to be a significant problem in Guadalajara (as it is elsewhere in Mexico).
While there is growing concern that U.S. Government employees could potentially be targeted in possible retaliation for increased U.S. law enforcement cooperation with Mexico, Americans in Guadalajara currently do not face crime or safety concerns distinct from those of other residents or tourists.
Nothing currently indicates that criminals specifically target Americans. Anti-American sentiment is seldom expressed towards U.S. citizens, either official or non-official.
Crime Threats
In 2010, overall crime increased in Guadalajara. The numbers of violent crimes including homicides, armed robberies (business and residential), and theft (cargo and personal vehicle) were all higher in comparison to the previous year. Although we emphasize that most crime in Mexico goes unreported, multiple sources including local statistics, press reports, and eye-witness accounts indicate that murders are up, and kidnappings have also increased significantly during the past 12 months within Guadalajara's consular district. Many local officials believe a large number of homicides are drug or gang-related intimidation or retaliation murders.
Lesser crimes, such as auto thefts, also increased significantly according to both local statistics and press reports. Auto theft is a lucrative business in Mexico. Related to this issue is theft of auto parts, such as mirrors, tires, lights, hubcaps, and wiper blades. Vehicles parked on streets are vulnerable to break-ins in just about any neighborhood, day or night. Nothing of value should be left in vehicles, and vehicles should be parked in well illuminated areas or in off-street parking whenever possible.
Americans living in the Guadalajara area need to be concerned about residential crime, though armed invasions with residents being held while burglarized is not common. Residential burglars usually rely on stealth and attempt their crimes when residents are away, avoiding confrontation and violence if possible. All Americans-- residents and tourists alike-- need to be concerned with general street crime (i.e., assault, armed robberies, carjackings, pickpockets, purse snatchings, ATM robberies, etc.). Areas of the greatest concern include the downtown district at night and areas east of downtown. Though the reported number of bank robberies remained relatively low in 2009, ATM robberies are always a concern, so ATMs should be chosen wisely.
Below are some precautions that can be taken to lessen the chances of becoming a victim of ATM or credit card fraud:
Transportation Safety and Road Conditions
If traveling by road, travelers should exercise caution at all times and avoid traveling at night whenever possible. Definitely avoid travel between cities after dark. Travelers are encouraged to use toll ("cuota") roads rather than the less secure "free" ("libre") roads where available. It is recommended to travel with at least half a tank of gasoline when traveling in more remote areas. In addition, travelers should not hitchhike or offer rides to strangers anywhere in Mexico.
Tourists should not hike alone in backcountry areas, nor walk alone on lightly frequented trails.
If stranded on the highway due to vehicle malfunction, dial 078 for roadside assistance. This service is provided free of charge by Mexico's Department of Tourism to all road travelers. More information on the services offered can be found on their website:
Political Violence
Demonstrations
American interests in Guadalajara are generally not targets of political violence, although there is growing concern that drug cartels may potentially target official U.S. Government buildings and/or employees as cooperation between the Mexican and U.S. Governments continues to grow. The recent attack against the U.S. Consulate in Monterrey is one example of such concern. Small, peaceful demonstrations in protest of various U.S. policies occur at the U.S. Consulate on occasion, usually related to U.S. immigration policy or U.S. policies regarding Cuba and/or Iraq. Other public protests and demonstrations do occur within the city for various economic and political reasons but are typically peaceful.
International Terrorism
While there do not appear to be any Middle Eastern terrorist groups currently active in Mexico, lax immigration controls, the ease in which fake Mexican travel documents can be obtained and Mexico's geographic location make the country an attractive transit point for potential transnational terrorists.
Civil Unrest
Large scale public demonstrations or strikes are rare in Guadalajara. It is recommended that travelers avoid demonstrations and other activities that are deemed political by the Mexican government. The Mexican Constitution prohibits political activities by foreigners, and such actions may result in detention and/or deportation.
Post-specific Concerns
Earthquakes and Floods
Earthquakes are always a possibility in Guadalajara, although no major earthquake has occurred here in decades. Guadalajara is surrounded by 10 volcanoes (1 active and 9 inactive). It is common for streets in the older portions of Guadalajara to flood and become completely cut-off during periods of heavy rain. Avoid driving or walking in flooded areas. The coastal areas of the states of Colima, Jalisco, and Nayarit are especially prone to flash flooding during the rainy months.
Kidnappings
Kidnapping for ransom has a long history in Mexico. Kidnap for ransom crimes are increasing in Guadalajara, and the threat is very real in all parts of Mexico. Most incidents go unreported to police and are handled directly by the victim's family or an intermediary. Guadalajara has not experienced the same level of "express" kidnappings common to other cities in the country. In an express kidnapping, victims are taken for a short period of time, typically less than 24 hours, and the kidnappers have the victims access their bank accounts via ATM for the maximum withdrawal amount possible. The term "express" is also used for kidnappings that last for a very brief amount of time and are usually settled for a few thousand dollars.
During the past year, "virtual" kidnappings have become increasingly common. Extortionists will call prospective victims on the telephone, posing as kidnappers, and demand payments in return for the release of an abducted family member, typically a child. Persons receiving such calls should be extremely skeptical and should not overreact to the initial claim as most are baseless. Persons receiving such calls should contact the local police immediately by dialing 066.
Drugs and Narco-terrorism
Guadalajara is beginning to see acts of violence normally associated with the border and near-border areas. There is a large presence of major narcotics traffickers in the city, state, and region. The current military campaign in the State of Michoacán (south of Jalisco) and internal battles between the Gulf and Sinaloa cartels continue to penetrate the states of Nayarit, Colima, Aguascalientes, and Jalisco, as well as the city of Guadalajara in the form of execution style murders.
Police Response
For the most part, the police departments in Guadalajara and the surrounding metropolitan area are professional and adequately trained. Keep in mind that police departments in other areas may not be as efficient or responsive, and service can vary widely depending on the type of emergency and area.
Police corruption has long been considered a major problem and such concerns continue only in the lower ranks. Many Mexican citizens have little regard for or trust in the police. However, police support is generally good for Americans who are victims of crime. To ensure this support, American citizens in need of assistance due to crime or medical emergencies may call the U.S. Consulate in Guadalajara. American citizens who are detained or harassed by police may also seek assistance at the Consulate. The U.S. Consulate maintains very good relations with local police officials and can assist upon request.
Relevant Phone Numbers:
Mexico country code: 52
Guadalajara area code: 33
Police emergency: 066
Consulate main numbers: (33) 3268-2100 or (33) 3268-2200
American Citizen Services: (33) 3268-2173 or (33) 3268-2273
Consulate after hours: (33) 3268-2145
U.S. Embassy Mexico City: 01-55-5080-2000 (in Mexico) 011-52-55-5080-2000 (outside Mexico)
Medical Emergencies
Guadalajara has very adequate medical facilities. Facilities outside of the metropolitan area are more limited. In an emergency, dial 066 for the police and ambulance service. Wait times can vary greatly. Permanent residents in Guadalajara are encouraged to contract a private ambulance service in order to ensure prompt response.
In a medical emergency in Guadalajara, contact any of the following hospitals:
Hospital San Javier
Avenida Pablo Casals 640
Guadalajara, Jalisco
Telephone: 3669-0222 (also use this number for an ambulance)
Hospital del Carmen
Tarascos 3435
Telephone: 3813-0128 or 3813-0025 or 3813-0442
Ambulance: 3813-1224
Hospital Puerta de Hierro
Hospital de Especialidades Centro Medico Puerta de Hierro (in short Hospital Puerta de Hierro) Puerta de Hierro 5150, Puerta de Hierro
45116 Zapopan, Jalisco
Air ambulances:
Global Life Flight (plane located in Guadalajara)
Telephone: 01 800 305-9400 or 3615-2471
Airlink Ambulance
San Gonzalo 1859
Col. Santa Isabel
Zapopan, Jalisco 45110
01 800 024-8600 or 3688-5040 or 3688-6702
Travel Precautions
All American citizens need to visit the State Department’s website to read the updated Mexico Travel Warnings for Guadalajara’s consular district:
Although Guadalajara is reported to have lower crime rates than some Mexican border cities, visitors are urged to remain vigilant and use common sense during their stay. Travelers should leave valuables and irreplaceable items in a safe place or at home.
All visitors are encouraged to make use of hotel safes where available, avoid wearing expensive jewelry, and carry only cash or credit cards that will be needed on each outing. Visitors are encouraged to make a photo copy of your U.S. passport biographical page and driver's license to have with you in case your originals are lost or stolen.
Visitors should be aware of their surroundings at all times, even when in areas generally considered safe. Women traveling alone are especially vulnerable and should exercise caution, particularly at night. Victims, who are almost always unaccompanied, have been raped, assaulted, and robbed of personal property, or abducted and then held while their credit cards are used at various businesses and ATMs. Visitors should be cautious when using ATMs in Mexico. If an ATM must be used, it should be accessed only during the business day at large protected/public facilities (preferable inside commercial establishments-malls, hotels, etc.), rather than at the small glass enclosed, highly visible ATMs on the street.
Although not as serious as Mexico City and the border area, travelers should still take certain precautions and avoid taxis not summoned by telephone or contacted in advance. It is recommended that a radio taxi or regulated taxi-stand taxi be used. These are referred to as "sitio" cabs and are clearly identifiable as they are yellow in color and should have a clearly visible registration number on the rear quarter panels. If possible, ask the hotel concierge or the establishment in which you are located to call a taxi for you and record the license plate of the cab you enter.
The following items are recommended for extended road trips:
Protecting Your Vehicle
Protecting Yourself
Personal Security Practices
OSAC Country Council
There is an active Overseas Security Advisory Council (OSAC) in Guadalajara. All U.S. private sector organizations operating in the area are welcome to attend. For further information on the OSAC Guadalajara Country Council please contact the Regional Security Office at the U.S. Consulate in Guadalajara at 52-33-3268-2100 or OSAC’s Country Council and Outreach Coordinator for the Western Hemisphere .The Friends of the Parks of Allen County invite community volunteers to do something great and reveal the beauty of our downtown rivers. The "Revealing Our Rivers" initiative will be held on Saturday, April 20, 8 am – noon. Volunteers, age 18 or older, who would like to help clean up trees, invasive species, trash and debris left on the riverbanks are invited to register with Robin Holley at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. April 20. Volunteers are encouraged to bring small hand tools such as tree saws, bow saws or loppers/pruners to remove vegetation. The initiative will take place in light rain, but in the event of heavy rain, the rain date will be May 4.
Call for volunteers to help clean key river sites..Verdiem's CEO Jeremy Jaech on Corporate Energy Efficiency Changes
According to Jeremy Jaech, CEO of Verdiem, PCs represent 40% of the energy consumption of a buisness's IT department. What's worse is that on average, 66% of the time that a PC is turned on and running, no one is actually at it using it. Verdiem is on a mission to change these facts and make PC energy use far more efficient. Jaech sat down with us to talk about where businesses are at in terms of getting serious about efficiency, and Verdiem's role in it all.A Quick Background of Verdiem
You might know that on the consumer side, Verdiem offers a free software download called Edison that helps your personal PC run more efficiently. But they have a waaaay bigger system for businesses called SURVEYOR. Two years ago, we did an interview with Verdiem's previous CEO Kevin Klustner that will tell you all about it. It's this system that gets the most focus because the biggest dent comes in changing whole companies. But, Jeremy Jaech came on the scene in November and rather than rehash the product, we wanted to talk about what's going on in corporations now that the economy has tanked and we have a new administration in Washington.
Companies Shifting Layout to Help Efficiency
Jaech confirms that companies have indeed shifted how they function in order to address energy efficiency issues. A few years ago, Verdiem dealt with facility managers, and IT was considered a road block to implementing software. In 2007, however, companies started creating sustainability teams. Now, there's been another major shift and Verdiem now usually deals directly with IT for putting software in place. Companies have empowered, and put the responsibility on, their IT departments to save major dollars in efficiency. This is also the case in facilities managing data centers.
Three Factors for Corporation Shift
So why the change? Jaech points out three major drivers. First, he says, came a cultural shift. Companies recognized the growing consumer awareness of environmental issues, and want to be perceived as green. But that's not enough to push them into big changes. Next came a shift in political winds. Companies feel that with the new administration, energy policies will be coming back. They want to be prepared for any regulations, standards and policies that might be presented to them from government. But there's one more factor that is the real catalyst. Money.
The economy tanked, and if 66% of the energy going into PCs is wasted because they aren't being used, and if 40% of an IT department's energy bill is going towards running computers and monitors, then there's a whole lot of room to save money. Verdiem's SURVEYOR software starts to look really appetizing, since SURVEYOR deals specifically with PCs and monitors, and is a well tuned, customizable software system. Companies that tend to hold the biggest interest are those with PC intensive services, such as banks, insurance companies, or phone companies like AT&T.;
Verdiem and the Stimulus Package
Corporations are the only ones noticing SURVEYOR. The government has also become a big possible client. While Verdiem already works with a small handful of government agencies, green IT is now part of the stimulus package and the government could become a big client – which would be good news to tax payers who foot the bills. Speifically:
$2.5 billion for energy efficiency and renewable energy research, development, demonstration and deployment activities (biofuels, geothermal, water, wind, solar, and efficiency projects will be deployed to demonstrate and improve our use of renewable energy), including $50 million for efforts to increase the energy efficiency of information and communications technologies
$3.1 billion of EERE funds for State Energy Program for additional grants that don't need to be matched with state funds, but the act only allows such grants for states that intend to adopt strict building energy codes and intend to provide utility incentives for energy efficiency measures.
Another $4.5 billion to the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA) to convert federal buildings into high-performance green buildings, which generally combine energy efficiency and renewable energy production to minimize the energy use of the buildings.
SURVEYOR hopes to be a big player in the government's efforts to get energy efficient.
Does the Efficiency Awareness Pass Down to Employees?
We asked Jaech about employee perception of the software – if they take notice of it and perhaps become more energy conscious themselves. Jaech said there are two kinds of company attitudes Verdiem sees that impacts how much exposure employees get towards energy efficiency in the work place.
Verdiem can adjust how visible the software is to employees, and has seen that those companies being aggressive about energy efficiency changes and going green typically want their employees to see the changed settings. However, those who are more tentative about taking steps towards PC efficiency will want to hide the new settings from employees.
Ultimately, that probably means a slower savings all around, since we already know that when people are aware of how much energy and products they consume, they'll cut back. Companies who don't want their employees to know they're working on making PCs efficient could be missing out on savings in other areas.
More on Energy Efficiency Changes
New York Times on Energy Efficiency
Quantifying Energy Efficiency's Potential In Developed And Developing Countries
Massachusetts Unveils Ambitious Renewables and Energy Efficiency BillFiji Time: 10:01 PM on Friday 22 May
/ Front page / News
Mere Naleba
Tuesday, July 15, 2014
THE FijiFirst political party general secretary and Attorney-General Aiyaz Sayed-Khaiyum said it was unfair to say he had a conflict of interest between his party role and his roles as Minister Responsible for Elections and as A-G.
He made the remarks while the FijiFirst party was campaigning in Rewa at the Dreketi District School.
Mr Sayed-Khaiyum said nobody ever complained that former prime ministers Laisenia Qarase and Sitiveni Rabuka were ministers for elections during their time in power and were also political party leaders.
Mr Sayed-Khaiyum was questioned by Rewa chief Ro Filipe Tuisawau on his role as the Attorney-General and Minister Responsible for Elections. Ro Filipe said it was a conflict of interest.
In responding to Ro Filipe's statement, Mr Sayed-Khaiyum said he did not make decisions for the Elections Office.
"In fact, the minister responsible for elections in 2006 and 2001 was Laisenia Qarase. He was the minister responsible for elections.
"The minister responsible for elections before that was Sitiveni Rabuka. Both of them were leaders of their party and were also responsible for elections," he said.
"Anybody who knows how the Elections Office is run is very simple. I don't tell them what to do, the money that the government gives the Elections Office comes to the Minister Responsible for Elections because that is your money so the Permanent Secretary has to sign out of it.
"The Supervisor of Elections is supervised by the Electoral Commission.
The day-to-day running of the Elections Office is independent. It's in the Constitution."
Mr Qarase, in an article published by this newspaper on May 10, this year, said.
Use the free Acrobat Reader to view.The Adventure Series: Bike vs Canoe 2
Who will win in a race between Olympic gold medal winning canoeist Tim Baillie and World Champion mountain biker Rachel Atherton? Cast your vote in the comments below, then find out in the final Adventure Series of 2013!
EastCoast
11/21/2013 5:09 AM
this is really stupid
kidwoo
11/20/2013 6:47 PM
I am so looking forward to this series for what it produces in 30 years.
Such internet favorites as:
An atherton races diabetic collapse!
See an atherton's gut outpace his prostate growth!
Atherton family teams up to beat the clock on arterial plaque accumulation!
Bike rider atherton vs skin spots
Who boosts higher? Dan atherton or Gee's cholesterol?California Supreme Court at King Hall
Posted By Kevin R. Johnson, Oct 4, 2012
UC Davis School of Law had a wonderful visit from the California Supreme Court yesterday. Under the leadership of UC Davis Law alumna Chief Justice Tani Cantil Sakauye ‘84, the Court held oral arguments in a special session yesterday at the law school and faculty, alumni, staff, students, and the general public were able to attend oral arguments of three extremely interesting cases.
We had a full house in the Paul and Lydia Kalmanovitz Appellate Courtroom. I sat with our alum Yeoyrios Apallas '72 (above), who helped us land the generous gift to name the room. The morning session was devoted to each Justice taking a question asked by a law student or high school student from Davis Senior High School. The Court heard a case in the morning involving the First Amendment and labor picketers and, in the afternoon, heard a personal injury case involving a bumper car ride at Great America and an evidence case involving a contract dispute between a small company and USC. This last argument involved well-known oralists Professor Kathleen Sullivan, former Dean of the Stanford Law School, and Eric George, son of the former Chief Justice of California, Ron George. The session garnered news coverage from the Los Angeles Times, San Francisco Chronicle, Sacramento Bee, Davis Enterprise, Daily Journal, and Recorder.
In between cases, the justices stayed for a luncheon with faculty, students, and local judges from Yolo County Superior Court. I sat with the Chief Justice and Judge David Rosenberg ‘74, at lunch.
The end of the day culminated with a reception for the justices in the law school courtyard. The justices were generous with their time, and the students loved having the chance to talk to them.
Check out more pictures from the special day in this photo album. (Credit for these great shots goes to photographer Karin Higgins.)
Sincere thanks to the California Supreme Court for holding its special session at King Hall! It was an honor to be your host and we welcome you to return to King Hall any time!We’ve got a New Crop of Florida Potatoes in our area, in addition to Local Green Onions, Local Cabbages, and the Tomatoes are really good. In St. Johns County, you’ve got good taste from the ground up!
If you’re looking for sweets, look for Plant City Strawberries, plus the famous Florida winter fruit: citrus, now available in the flavors of Valencia Oranges and Pink Grapefruit.Mobile Menu
Planning organization sees potential in Portland's Central Eastside
Friday, February 14, 2014
The city will participate in the Urban Land Institute fellowship program.
A.
Read more at OregonLive.com
Add commentThe city is committed. The state --- following a tumultuous week where it looked like things might fall apart --- is committed. The Rhinos, certainly, are committed to getting a soccer-specific stadium built in Rochester.
So is the team still feeling the love from its stadium's namesake, PaeTec Communications?
The Perinton-based telecommunications company purchased the naming rights to the future stadium for a reported $12.8 million over a 22- to 30- year period. The money, according to Rhinos CEO Steve Donner, kicks in the first operational year of the stadium. PaeTec will pay an annual installment, Donner says, on a graduated scale.
PaeTec Park is set to be built in the city's Brown Square neighborhood, a short distance from Frontier Field.
The Rhinos have gotten no money from PaeTec thus far, and some are wondering --- given the state of the economy, the way stadium plans have changed over the years, and the upheaval surrounding the project --- whether PaeTec might opt out of the deal, or at least scale back its commitment.
"I hear that they might not be solid, but I have no proof," says state Assemblyman David Gantt (D-Rochester). "Things went downhill in the economy and I think they might have gotten hurt by that. But I don't know. I need to make that clear."
PaeTec CEO Arunas Chesonis declined comment on this story.
Gantt --- whose reservations about the stadium project nearly cost the project its state funding --- says he is now satisfied that taxpayers are not going to be on the hook for the $22 million PaeTec Park. In a press conference Thursday night, Rochester Mayor Bill Johnson said he has assured Gantt that the Rhinos will not ask for any additional public funding beyond the $15 million state grant secured in 2000.
"The taxpayers of the city and state will have to put no more dollars into the deal. None. Zero," Gantt says. "The taxpayers are protected."
The deal for the naming rights to the park, according to The Bonham Group --- a national sports and entertainment marketing firm based in Denver, Colorado --- was in the top 10 minor league facility naming rights deals in the country, by dollar amount, as of June.
Despite that, Johnson says that if PaeTec were to pull out of the project, it wouldn't be the end of the world. The company's $12.8 million will be spread out over many years, Johnson says, and the little the Rhinos get annually shouldn't jeopardize the project. "I don't see that amount of money throwing the deal off. It's not critical, in my mind."
Johnson assumes that the Rhinos have a strategy in the event PaeTec pulls out. "It seems to me that there'd be other people willing to step in."
But as far as he knows, the deal with PaeTec is solid, Johnson says.
"I've asked him [Rhinos president Frank DuRoss] and he indicated that everything seems to be good at this point in time. They continue to call it 'PaeTec Park.'"
DuRoss did not return repeated calls for comment.
Everything PaeTec has said to the Rhinos and in the press indicates they're still on board, Donner says.
"They just reaffirmed their commitment in the Rochester Business Journal," he says. "I gotta go by their word."
In the August 29 RBJ, reporter Alexander Soule writes "Arunas Chesonis, chairman and CEO of PaeTec, said his company is sticking by its naming rights agreement for PaeTec Park."
Soule does not quote Chesonis directly.
In the same article, Soule writes, "PaeTec pegged its total commitment to the stadium at $12.8 million, and stated that its commitment was transferable with the consent of PaeTec Park's organizers."
Donner is hopeful a stadium groundbreaking will take place later this month or early October.Financials: selective opportunities
Rising rates, dividends, or volatility could be catalysts for stronger performance.
- Fidelity Viewpoints
- – 07/24/2014
After producing a market-beating 35% return in 2013, stocks in the financials sector have cooled this year, even more than the market has overall.
Regulatory issues, low rates, and low volatility have been holding back earnings at some companies in the financials sector. But these issues could also create pockets of opportunity for investors. Fidelity Portfolio Manager and Sector Leader Chris Lee is looking for companies where today’s valuations will give him an edge if rates or volatility pick back up, including large-cap banks, asset managers, and financial exchanges. He is also looking for the beneficiaries of new regulations, including alternative asset managers who may be benefiting from changes in lending and trading as investment banks change their business models.
What has happened to stocks in the financials sector this year?
Lee: Bank stocks have basically been stuck in neutral. I think the issues are similar to what they have been in the recent past—regulatory overhang, negative headlines, and fairly lackluster earnings. A lot of the large-cap banks have trading operations that have suffered due to rule changes and declining volatility. And the rate environment has surprised people. I think the conventional wisdom at the outset of the year was that rates would rise, given the apparent strength of the U.S. recovery, but in fact rates have fallen. Falling rates are generally bad for bank earnings.
Somewhat paradoxically, performance leadership in the group has come from companies that have rate-sensitive businesses, including online brokers, trust and custody banks, and some regional banks. In these instances, the market seems to be anticipating that higher rates will benefit these companies, and the market has bid them up. Money managers have benefited from rising asset prices as well.
You mentioned the impact of a regulatory overhang on banks. What does that mean for investors?
Lee: For large banks, a new annual stress test is now the main determinant of whether regulators will allow the big banks to increase capital return in the form of higher dividends or stock buybacks. After this year’s test, it looks like regulators are inching permission slightly higher, but the spigot hasn’t opened.
From an investment standpoint, the consensus view seems to be that payouts won’t rise, or at least not significantly. I think this remains an area of opportunity. The banks are very profitable and they are already above the newly regulated minimum capital levels—in fact the big banks are probably better capitalized than they have been in more than 30 years. At the same time, payouts are below historic averages. So the case for rising dividend payouts continues to build. But to me, stock prices suggest investors think payouts won’t go up. I think that’s where the arbitrage may be—you buy a stock priced for today’s payouts, and if it does go up, maybe you benefit (see charts below).
Are other parts of the financials sector benefiting from these regulatory changes?
Lee: A second-order effect of regulation is that it’s caused a lot of activity to move out of the banks. Since the crisis, banks have largely avoided loans to anyone with lower credit, both because the capital rules really penalize them for making those types of loans and for fear of negative publicity. So the lending has moved to business development companies, commercial REITS, and some specialized lenders.
New regulations have also been the catalyst for the movement of proprietary trading from the investment banks to less regulated entities, including alternative asset managers. So, after the Volcker rule, for example, traders that used to do proprietary trading at Goldman Sachs or other investment banks could face new constraints, and some headed to alternative asset managers like Blackstone (BX). These alternative platforms have seen outsized growth while the trading platforms at banks have been shrinking. Investing in the potential beneficiaries of the shift is a form of regulatory arbitrage, and that’s a theme I continue to like.
Are there other reasons to think big banks may make attractive investments now?
Lee: There are other areas of optionality, including the potential for higher rates and increased trading revenue. Higher interest rates benefit revenues, profitability, and therefore earnings for banks. I think companies are trading at valuations that suggest higher rate scenarios are highly unlikely. That means there is limited downside if rates stay low, but potential upside if you think rates will rise.
At the same time, the outlook for the trading operations at the banks is being debated. First of all, volatility has been very low. Whether you’re looking at equities or other asset classes, volatility is anywhere between 10- and 30-year lows. Could things pick up? Historically, there has been a correlation between rising economic growth, trading volumes, and volatility. That relationship has broken down this cycle. But the potential for convergence in trend doesn’t seem to be priced into the stock.
Another school of thought says that bank trading operations have experienced a structural change—that new regulations mean that earnings from trading won’t return to higher levels.
From an investment implication standpoint, I look at where those stocks are being priced and think the market has adopted the thesis that it’s structural. But I don’t buy into the idea completely. That presents an opportunity to benefit if volatility rebounds.
In this environment, my focus is generally to look for higher-quality companies trading at valuation discounts. A company like JPMorgan (JPM) really captures a lot of those kinds of attributes. It’s a high-quality business that has compounded value over the past 20 years at a rate well above the peer group, and it could benefit from a lot of these things that we’ve talked about.
What other parts of the financials sector could benefit if rates and volatility tick up?
Lee: Financial exchanges have a very attractive business model with high barriers to entry, recurring revenues, and strong free-cash-flow characteristics. These stocks might benefit if trading volume and volatility picks up. Low volatility has hurt earnings, but if you normalize volatility back to average historical conditions, today’s valuations seem attractive to me.
Regulation has also migrated some trading activity, in certain instruments such as derivatives, onto exchanges. The exchanges may also benefit as investment banks need to move some of their activities onto exchanges. That means earnings could see an outsized recovery if trading picks back up.
Another spot to watch is the asset managers. These companies have been benefiting from the reflation of asset prices, and have what I think are the best business models in the industry.
What are the risks?
Lee: The bear case on banks is stagflation or even deflation, where rates stay low for a very long time. So we’ve gotten a whiff of inflation with higher gas prices and rents, but wage inflation has been more stable. That suggests there’s still some slack in the employment market, though there is some evidence that it is starting to turn. If that slack never gets pulled tight, the Fed may hold off on further tapering, or go the other way and reaccelerate stimulus. The risk is that they have inflated asset prices too many times, it doesn’t work anymore, and we end up in a recession.
But I don’t subscribe to that view. I think there’s way too much scrutiny around the pace of the recovery. People get excited when things pick up, and then people get disappointed when things slow down. Parsing signal from noise, I continue to expect a modestly improving economy that keeps grinding higher. My central view is that the recovery is a bit more self-sustaining than it has been getting credit for.
What should investors be watching?
Lee: One of the prevailing risks is the uncertainty around the unintended consequences of this prolonged period of low rates and quantitative easing. I think it’s created a lot of appeal for investments that provide yield. If you look at historical valuations of REITs, high yields, leveraged loans, and even some sovereign debt, they are puzzling. For instance, I am underweight REITs because of the valuations, which I consider high.
My suspicion is that if we have a conversation five years from now, the buildup of risk in income-producing assets driven by low rates will have left a mark in a couple of areas that maybe we haven’t recognized yet. What is clear is that it is creating pools of risk out there and investors need to be wary.
Learn more
- Chris Lee manages Fidelity® Select Financial Services Portfolio.
- Research the financials sector on our sector research page.
- Find financial-sector investments.
As with all your investments through Fidelity, you must make your own determination whether an investment in any particular security or securities is consistent with your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation and your evaluation of the security. Fidelity is not recommending or endorsing this investment by making it available to its customers.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
Investing involves risk, including risk of loss..
All indices are unmanaged, and performance of the indices includes reinvestment of dividends and interest income, unless otherwise noted. Indices are not illustrative of any particular investment and it is not possible to invest directly in an index.Viewbooks & Publications
The (3.6 MB)
- Business: BCom (6.1 MB)
- Education (3 MB)
- Engineering and Applied Science (5 MB)
- Graduate Studies (3 MB)
- Law (8 MB)
- Law: High School Brochure (8 MB)
Other program-specific information and downloads are available on the faculty websites.
Annual Report...
- Queen's Law ReportsDistance from Dimapur to Tokyo
Distance is 4488 kilometers or 2788 miles or 2423 nautical milesThe distance is the theoretical air distance (great circle distance). Flying between the two locations' airports can be a different distance, depending on airport location and actual route chosen.
Map - Shortest path between Dimapur and Tokyo
- Location for Dimapur
- Location for TokyoFebruary 26, 2011
Mike Farrell
Rivals.com Football Recruiting
Worcester (Mass.) Worcester Academy athlete Canaan Severin has been getting a lot of good news lately.The 6-foot-2, 215-pound prospect was recently named a member of the Rivals250 to Watch, and he is now up to four offers.Now Severin will begin the hard work of narrowing things down. That starts with more college visits."I think I'm going to visit Penn State and I think I'm going to Boston College," Severin said. "Those are the two I know of. Those will be for junior days."Penn State is (March) 26. I missed BC's real junior day so they're going to have a little junior day for me. Me and the coaches are going to talk about it and find a time that's good for it."Penn State only recently offered Severin. What does he think of the Nittany Lions?"I was really excited (when they offered). I went to Penn State's game against Michigan and there they say, 'Welcome to the best show in college football.' It's 100,000 fans and it doesn't get any better than that."Severin maintains that he does not have any favorites."All the schools are kind of even right now," he said. ...More... To continue reading this article you must be a member. Sign Up Now!
Already a member? Click here to sign in.
- Stacey
- Stayed April 2014
- Rating: Excellent
What I liked:
Location, rooms and overall style.
What the hotel could do better:
Nothing, had a wonderful stay!
- NICK
- Stayed April 2014
- Rating: Excellent
What I liked:
This was a very charming small hotel next to the luxembourg Gardens on as excluded side street. Shutters opened out on to the street to give a very European feel. The room was small but nicely decorated and the staff were very hospitable friendly and helpful. The only drawback was the size of the elevator which was tiny.
I would definitely stay again.
What the hotel could do better:
Nothing, had a wonderful stay!
- Anne
- Stayed June 2014
- Rating: Excellent
What I liked:
The staff was amazing. We are not super experienced travelers and they were patient and accommodating. Rooms were spotless and comfortable. They also gave us macarons!
What the hotel could do better:
Nothing, had a wonderful stay!When a football teammate was diagnosed with leukemia, Apex High student Jason Lockamy launched a social media awareness campaign and arranged for the Duke football team to visit his friend. Jason is also the N.C. ambassador for the group "Shoes for Liberia."
Elissa Tew was visiting her grandfather with dementia in a Harnett County nursing home when she got the idea for a project called "Turning up the volume: Memory through music." For two years she's been loading MP3 players with old songs and donating them to nursing homes.
This summer, St. Thomas More Academy student John DeGuzman will lead a group of Triangle teens to build homes in his grandmother's village in the Philippines.
Bunn High School senior Stephanie Hilaire teaches special needs students and others at school how to interact.
Chris Watson makes a difference in his community by helping others when crisis strikes.
Union Pines High School sophomore Sammie Duerring wants to help buy a guide dog for another sight-impaired teen.
Molly Paul volunteers twice a week at the N.C. Museum of Natural Sciences and is working to educate the public about pet turtles.
Eighth grader Leanne Joyce is the founder of a non-profit that's making hospital stays easier for children.
Parker Lee calls himself a "health and fitness" guy and loves how exercise has changed his life and self-esteem.
Libby Bowes is working to help students retain their skills while they're out of school.
Raleigh teen Tristan Emm plans to spend part of his summer raising money for disabled veterans.
Southern High School senior Jonathan Okafo started a nonprofit summer camp to help give kids from 6 to 16 a chance to reach their potential.
Fayetteville 14-year old Sabria Burns is doing her part to keep kids healthy.
Sixteen-year-old Shae Knight spends her afternoons volunteering and mentoring younger girls at the John Avery Boys and Girls Club in Durham.
Ish Montague has been into music for as long as he can remember. The 17-year-old junior at Enloe High School in Raleigh is bringing music to China.
ABC 11 hosted a luncheon for the recipients of the Sylvan Learning "Cool Kids" Award.
Congratulations and thanks to all the Cool Kids for the work they're doing in our communities!27 years of experience
Video profile
Accepting new patients
Woodstock, VA 22664 Phone number & directions
Patient Reviews
Patient Reviews ? Write a Review
Behind that smile is a sad sad story. Dr. Wynn started out as a bright star, one of the first female orthopedic surgeons in Virginia. She affiliated with a large prestigious practice. The it began. Two major malpractice suits, both settled one way above average payout. The left ( or may have had to, not sure?) large practice in a 400 bed hospital to begin work in a small rural hospital with only 25 beds. She is personally charming, and sweet, but there is something sinister behind that smile. A doctor does not willingly l;eave a top spot at a four hundred bed hospital less than three miles from her home to commute to a twenty five bed hospital more of a clinic a forty five minute drive from her home for a tiny practice. There are excellent orthopedic surgeons in Winchester, Va. I would suggest you drive a little more and not get trapped by the alluring smile. You can go to the Virginia Board of Medicine, web site and look her up under doctors profiles and see her malpractice history.
Dr. Wynn is an awesome orthopaedic surgeon that I have been with since 1994. She has the best bedside manner and I love her disposition and her eagerness to get to the bottom of the problem. She is the best. I would highly recommend her to anyone.
Excellent bedside manner, easy to talk to, explains everything fully. Dr. Wynn also answered any questions I had by email very quickly after surgery.You are a fan of junior greek ? Come to discover the best forums junior greek on the internet and share your experience with a community fan of junior greek . You can also build a forum junior fan forum dedicated to Humongous Entertainment, covering all games from the early 90's to present.
#junior, adventures, network, forum, dedicated, humongous, entertainment, covering, games, from, early, 90's, present
The ultimate Greek Community
greekcom, ultimate, #greek, communityN.
In arguments heard in a federal court last month, Tomita presented evidence that he had met with several Nintendo R&D engineers in 2003 to show off a prototype of his technology. Nintendo argued that Tomita was one of many potential vendors that it met with and that the patent was overly vague in a number of ways. The judge disagreed, noting in his decision numerous similarities between the 3DS' stereoscopic display and the one described in Tomita's patent.
The ruling could have been much worse for Nintendo; Tomita had originally asked for over $292 million, or $9.80 for every Nintendo 3DS sold.
In a statement, Nintendo said it was "confident that the result will be set aside" and that "the jury's verdict will not impact Nintendo's continued sales in the United States."
You must login or create an account to comment.Gray will take the place of Jon Johnson, who faces a six-month prison sentence after resigning abruptly in July and pleading guilty to federal corruption charges.
Attorney James Gray, a relative political newcomer, prevailed in Saturday's runoff election for the District E seat on the New Orleans City Council, riding endorsements from the mayor and other local heavyweights to a victory over state Rep. Austin Badon. Gray will take the place of Jon Johnson, who faces a six-month prison sentence after resigning abruptly in July and pleading guilty to federal corruption charges.
Taken together with a victory for LaToya Cantrell in the District B runoff, Gray's win presents a mixed bag for Mayor Mitch Landrieu. He backed Gray and still enjoys buoyant poll numbers himself. But with Cantrell, the mayor will have another council member on the dais who won a seat without his support and may be the more assertive for having done so.
Gray prevailed in a bitterly negative campaign, taking every chance to portray his opponent as a closet Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic district. He sent out push-cards with Badon's picture next to those of Gov. Bobby Jindal and Mitt Romney and ran television ads that captured Badon boasting of having been Jindal's "floor leader."
Gray also dogged Badon with questions about his decision to award a Tulane University scholarship to a young woman from a Republican family in Monroe instead of to someone in his own district.
Badon returned fire by assailing Gray for not having moved back to the district full-time since Hurricane Katrina. Gray convinced a judge that he was still legally domiciled at his address in eastern New Orleans, but Badon did not let up on the issue, seeing it as a potent one in an area of the city that still struggles with blight and abandoned property.
The less widely known candidate to begin with, Gray nevertheless garnered the longer list of big-name endorsements. Aside from the mayor, Gray, a track coach and former Marine, won the backing of U.S. Rep. Cedric Richmond, former District E Councilwoman Cynthia Willard-Lewis, Sheriff Marlin Gusman, Assessor Erroll Williams and the Orleans Parish Democratic Executive Committee.
That support may have helped offset Badon's fundraising down the stretch. Badon drew more than $61,000 in contributions between the first and second rounds of voting, according to the latest available state filings. That compares with about $16,500 for Gray.
On the bread-and-butter issues facing District E, which encompasses most of eastern New Orleans along with the Lower 9th Ward and the Desire area, the two candidates rarely disagreed in substance. Both called for a greater emphasis on getting abandoned buildings back into commerce, attracting new businesses along the I-10 corridor and heightening police presence.
Badon portrayed himself as someone who could be the district's more successful salesman, or "ambassador," as he put it. He touted his record at the Legislature, pointing out his role in consolidating the city assessor's office and winning money for local schools and highways.
Gray argued that he was more qualified to grapple with the roadblocks that may crop up with important development projects in the district, citing his experience as a lawyer and a former assistant district attorney in Baton Rouge.
Having prevailed, Gray can take the District E seat in place of interim councilman Ernest Charbonnet as soon as the Louisiana secretary of state certifies the vote. After serving out the final 16 months of Johnson's term, Gray will be eligible to run twice more.
It was Badon's third run for a place on the council, and Saturday's loss left him to contemplate a frustrating, groundhog-day scenario. Two years ago, he took in the most cash and won the most votes of any candidate in the first round of voting, just as he did this year in a five-way primary. But with the high-profile endorsements skewing toward Jon Johnson, then a former state senator trying to revive his political career, Badon lost in a low-turnout runoff in 2010. He had an even bigger lead in the primary this year, but it was not enough to propel him to an ultimate victory. with some thoughtful insight into the strategies that are used when budgets are tight.
The panel was moderated by Space Foundation Reaserch Analyst Mariel John Borowitz and included (pictured, in order, at right):
Among the points the panel members made were:
The Space Foundation created the New Generation Space Leaders Program, as part of our New Generation Initiatives, in 2008 to meet workforce challenges head-on. The program provides exposure to high-level discussions and opportunities to network with the top executives at the National Space Symposium, the industry's premier event, providing insight and knowledge they might otherwise miss.
Carol Hively, Director - Public Relations and Team Communications
HQ: +1.719.576.8000A Lesion of Dissent
Money from 2014 sales of “A Lesion of Dissent” at Amazon.com has been. You’ll find generous previews at the link below:.
Same great novel, your choice of either original art cover
<== Cover, Amazon.com Edition
Cover, Smashwords Edition- “Annette Monclere at Cabaret Khartoum”
Cover, Smashwords Edition- “Annette Monclere at Cabaret Khartoum”This.
Of course, you could join a carbon offset program such as TerraPass. By contributing to TerraPass or any one of a number of programs like it, your dollars fund renewable energy projects. The theory is that you are offsetting the carbon output that you’re creating through your flights, car rentals, etc.
A worthy idea, indeed. But what about your personal responsibility to the environment? There are a couple of simple things you can do to help.
* Ask the hotel cleaning staff not to change your towels and linens during your stay. This can potentially save a tremendous amount of water. Many hotels suggest this as an option but even if yours doesn’t, make the request anyway (or keep the do not disturb sign on your door so that the cleaning staff doesn’t enter at all).
* Keep the heat and air conditioning down and turn off all the lights and the television when you leave the room. Small amounts of electricity add up to make a big difference.
* Take short showers and don’t allow the water to run continuously when you’re brushing your teeth and shaving.
* If you’re driving, take your most environmentally friendly vehicle. Sure, the SUV is convenient for hauling the cooler and all your bags, but think of the gas you’ll save if you hopped into the Ford Focus instead!
You may already do many of these things in your own home. However, you ignore them when you’re on the road because you’re not paying for the water or electricity at a hotel. We’ll all be better off if we can start following some rules of conservation while we’re traveling. Plus, you’ll make Al happier
Happy Travels!For an under-fire Tottenham Hotspur manager to start comparing his best player to an Arsenal legend came out of left field but then that is precisely from where Christian Eriksen arrived to score a goal worthy of Dennis Bergkamp.
Tim Sherwood has admitted that he inherited a squad with too many expensive new signings who have insufficient Premier League experience but Eriksen is starting to adapt at a timely juncture for Tottenham.
With the clock showing 94 minutes, as Spurs attempted to complete their comeback from 3-0 down, the cool manner in which the Denmark playmaker took one graceful touch to move inside on to his right foot and another to finish with icy precision did evoke memories of the great Dutchman.
"Bergkampesque," Sherwood said. "You want someone to rush those chances, as an opposition manager, but unfortunately when it lands to him you know he's going to be ice cold. Once he cut inside I knew the net was catching the ball."
Eriksen has scored six goals in his past eight games, despite often being shoe-horned into the left of midfield, and while he has some way to go to start maintaining any realistic comparisons with Bergkamp, they do share similar movement and touch, the Spurs player having worked under the former Highbury hero's guidance at Ajax.
His dramatic equaliser papered over the cracks of another embarrassing start for Spurs, who are playing as if affected by the uncertainty over their manager's future.
Their defending was dreadful in the first period as Matej Vydra (Danny Rose failing to deal with Morgan Amalfitano), Chris Brunt (left free at the back post) and, after Ben Foster saved Emmanuel Adebayor's penalty, Stéphane Sessègnon (running clear on to Younès Kaboul's misdirected header) gave West Bromwich Albion a 3-0 lead.
It was only then that Spurs appeared to switch on and when Jonas Olsson deflected in Kyle Naughton's cross-shot , they had the invitation to gnaw away at the home team's Achilles heel.
Quite simply, West Brom do not fancy themselves if they go 2-0 up in the first 10 or so minutes of game. After Harry Kane headed in and Eriksen equalised, that is now four times they have failed to win from such a lofty start this season. But while Pepe Mel's team are edging towards safety, with eight points from five games, Spurs look set to miss out on their target of a top-four finish.
Sherwood admits he is not planning long term – "I'm not looking past Fulham next week" – and it would be fascinating to see what Louis van Gaal, another Ajax luminary, would bring out of Eriksen, if the Holland manager winds up at White Hart Lane, rather than Old Trafford, after the World Cup finals.
Man of the match Aaron Lennon (Tottenham)Beach Bar and Pool Deck
Enjoy beverages, snacks, delicious homemade ice-cream and freshly blended fruit drinks poolside on our cushioned sun beds. This venue is especially popular for happy hour as day turns to dusk.
Menus
Happy Hour: 13.30 - 14.30 | 18.30 - 19.30 | 21.30 - 22.30
Operating Hours:
- Beach Bar: 10.00 - 24.00
- Pool Deck: 07.00 - 19.00 (food service from 10.30 – 18.00)
Seating Capacity:
- Beach Bar: 32 seats
- Pool Deck: 40 seats
- Sala: 2 sun lounges or a table for 4 for outdoor dining
Link, i wish i knew you irl so we could do a song together, you play so damn well, and all I can do is sing. <3 love pretty much every song you've made, i've been listening to them for a long time, and they're an inspiration for me. and I'm glad to see you don't let people bring you down, you're very good at what you do, and your music has brought a smile to mine and my girlfriend's face. it somewhat brings us closer, Maybe one day we could collab? i dunno but i sure as hell hope so, man. Good job. sorry for this huge comment, but I know it'll mean something to ya when you read it. Much love bro.
From Syria nd Hope.
Dont apologize, it makes me happier than anything to read things like this. From the bottom of my heart i really appreciate it and im glad you and your gf have enjoyed my music so much. To meet In real life would be difficult seeing as i live a ways away but collabs are certainly not of the question. Thanks again Syria, all the best :D
Rated 0 / 5 stars
bullshit
!!!!!
Now heres a review i can hang up on my fridge!Hot
and Spicy Tofu Stir Fry
Sauté mushrooms in oil. Add tofu cubes.
Mix soy sauce, spices, garlic, corn starch, sherry,
and lemon juice together and add to mushroom and tofu
mixture. Toss all together and heat through. Makes four
6 oz. servings.
Nutritional Analysis per Serving:
Calories: 169
Fat: 7 g.
Carbohydrate: 14.5 g.
Sodium: 453 mg.
Protein: 5 g.
Maine Medical Center | 22 Bramhall Street | Portland, Maine 04102-3175 | (207) 662-0111Packaging & Tracking
Related Searches: Logistics • top pharmaceutical company • Development • Packaging •
Filter by:
May 13, 2015
Saves pharmaceutical manufacturers time and money by determining ideal packaging needs Read More »
May 13, 2015
Will focus on developing and distributing a new machine series for container closure integrity (CCI) testing Read More »
May 12, 2015
To open new R&D centers in Asia Pacific and in Europe Read More »
May 8, 2015
Will provide clinical trial supplies within all temperature ranges Read More »
April 28, 2015
Implements product serialization for secondary packaging for top pharma firm Read More »
March 19, 2015
Produced compliant data matrix code, including serial number Read More »
March 2, 2015
Expands service team to support Latin American market Read More »
February 24, 2015
Evaluates conventional packaging vs high barrier unit dose blisters Read More »
February 9, 2015
Recently expanded Cold Chain solutions support medicines from +25°C to -196°C Read More »
January 28, 2015
Successfully supplies 57 serialized batches Read More »
January 5, 2015
Since 2009, Constantia Flexibles sales have grown 73% Read More »
December 29, 2014
Adds new capabilities to produce specialty multi-web ECL constructions Read More »
December 3, 2014
Responds to stricter guidelines aimed at combatting counterfeit drugs Read More »
December 1, 2014
Aims to expand global reach for liquid pharmaceuticals and packaging machines for clean rooms Read More »
November 3, 2014
UPS Temperature True Cryo keeps products frozen at -150°C to meet critical demands of healthcare industry. Read More »Seven months after Congress voted to slash the tax rate on income from stock dividends, the verdict from investors and corporate managers is decidedly mixed.
The Bush administration promoted the tax cut, which lowered the top federal tax rate on dividends from 38.6% to 15%, as part of a broader economic stimulus package. But by making dividend income more attractive to investors, the effects were expected to go beyond just putting more spending money in some people's pockets.
Many economists predicted that the cut would boost the appeal of dividend-paying stocks compared with interest-paying bank accounts or bonds, giving the stock market overall a lift.
The change also was expected to force corporate managers to be better stewards of shareholders' capital in the long run. Instead of holding on to earnings for their own pet projects, managers were expected to think more about returning profit directly to investors via dividends -- thereby allowing the marketplace to decide how the money should be put to work.We were going to use the recipe on Campbell's site, but when I got to the part that said "serving suggestion: serve with chocolate chip cookies" I started to wonder if there was a healthier way we could make this dish. We decided to keep the soup, but created our own recipe that seemed a bit healthier.
I found the easiest way to assemble these quesadillas was to spoon the mixture almost in the center of the tortilla. I then brushed the edges with water and pulled them up and together, using my fingers to pinch the edges. They won't stick together perfectly, but as long as you create somewhat of a seal the quesadillas should be fine.
The thing that I love about this recipe is how quickly it can be whipped up, making it that perfect weeknight meal. Adding fresh vegetables and meat makes this a healthier meal, and the cheddar cheese "soup" makes for an incredibly cheesy and creamy quesadilla. Serve it with a side of brown rice and a salad and you have a quick and easy weeknight meal!
Chicken and Cheese Quesadillas
Serves 4 – 5
Prep Time: 25 min
Cook Time: 20 min
- 1 lb boneless, skinless chicken breasts, cubed
- 1 (10.5 oz) can condensed cheddar cheese soup
- 2 tbsp milk
- 1 lg tomato
- 1 each of orange, red, and green pepper, diced
- 3 stalks green onions, diced
- 1 bag 10" tortillas
- 1 bag 10" tortillas
- salsa and sour cream for dipping
Directions
Preheat the oven to 425F.
Cook the cubed chicken in a medium pan over medium heat until the chicken is lightly browned on all sides. Stir in the soup and vegetables. If the cheese mixture seems thick, add the milk as needed until it is creamy. Allow to cook until bubbling and then remove from heat.
Chicken and cheese quesadillas are so good and easy to throw together! Perfect!This deal has ended.. Sales tax is charged in states with Coldwater Creek retail locations.No longer availableDate Nut Bread - Low Fat-Sugar Free
raisins, +dates, +water, +flour, +baking soda, +baking powder, +egg whites, +vanilla extract, +pecan
Spinach Salad with Fat Free Dressing
raisins, +spinach, +pine nuts, +salad dressing, +balsamic vinegar, +maple syrup, +apple juice, +black pepper, +olive oil
vegweb.com - Similiar recipes
Fat-Free Bran Muffins
raisins, +wheat bran, +buttermilk, +wheat, +baking powder, +applesauce, +egg whites, +molasses, +vanilla extract
Chicken Fruit Low Calorie Fat Free Diet Poultry
I found this for my husband to make. And also for a World Tour... We like this. Prep time varies per person on this recipe
raisins, +apple jelly, +apple, +chicken, +butter, +sage, +sherry, +onions, +orange juice concentrate, +walnut - Similiar recipes
Fat Free Granola Bars
A great recipe adapted from veganchef.com.
raisins, +almond extract, +apple juice concentrate, +cinnamon, +crisp rice cereal, +dates, +water, +maple syrup, +rolled oat, +vanilla extract - Similiar recipes
Low Fat Oatmeal Cookies
raisins, +corn syrup, +sugar, +flour, +oats, +egg whites, +salt, +baking powder, +cinnamon, +vanilla extract - Similiar recipes
Cholesterol-Free Oatmeal Cookies
raisins, +apple, +skim milk, +flour, +brown sugar, +oatmeal, +egg whites, +cinnamon, +baking soda, +vanilla extract - Similiar recipes
Oatmeal Crisps (Pats Crispy Oatmeal Cookies)
raisins, +margarine, +brown sugar, +sugar, +eggs, +vanilla extract, +salt, +flour, +oats, +nuts
Fat Free Baked Rice Pudding - Ross
raisins, +nonstick cooking spray, +rice, +sugar, +skim milk, +vanilla extract, +cornstarch, +nutmeg, +cinnamon, +salt
Low-Fat Pumpkin Oatmeal Cookies
raisins, +pumpkin puree, +egg whites, +brown sugar, +flour, +baking soda, +cinnamon, +nutmeg, +cloves, +rolled oReviews
February 26, 2015
Tough Love: On Mac McClelland’s ‘Irritable Hearts: A PTSD Love Story’ 1
by Hannah Gersen
Irritable Hearts is a memory of recovery, a thoughtful and well-researched record of one woman’s experience with a subtle and often terrifying condition.
February 26, 2015
A Bloodletting: On Mark Doten’s ‘The Infernal’ 8
by Adam Fleming Petty
All the lies and deceit of the last dozen years, the courage shown and the suspicion that it meant little, have been brought together in one place, between the covers of a single book. Here’s hoping that people open it.
February 25, 2015
Bugged and Bruised: On Jason Ockert’s ‘Wasp Box’ 1
by Nick Ripatrazone
Ockert reveals how sometimes evil arrives not with a bang or a whimper, but with the calming buzz of the inevitable.
February 24, 2015
The Post-Apocalyptic Present: On Quan Barry’s ‘She Weeps Each Time You’re Born’ 0
by Ellen Akins
The history of Vietnam is another quagmire. And upon this sucking, unholy ground a novel is built.
February 20, 2015
The Joy of Crewnecks: Marie Kondo’s ‘The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up’ 4
by Janet Potter
Marie Kondo has a method for cleaning and reorganizing your home that might be crazy and might be brilliant, but works either way.
January 28, 2015
The Existentialist Swimmer: Daniel Galera’s ‘Blood-Drenched Beard’ 0
by Malcolm Forbes
Blood-Drenched Beard has at its center a fascinatingly headstrong character, one who swims perfectly but flounders on land, who strives for connection with his grandfather while cutting himself off from family — and one we root for despite not knowing his name.
January 28, 2015
Conversation as Performance: On ‘BOMB: The Author Interviews’ 2
by Nick Ripatrazone
Writer interviews serve a strangely utilitarian purpose. “Inspire” might be a thin word in our cynical literary present, but dare I say that reading these conversations made me want to handwrite excerpts on index cards and lean them against books on my shelves.
January 23, 2015
The Path to Destruction: On Sarah Gerard’s ‘Binary Star’ 1
by Alex Norcia
The prose becomes wonderfully cyclic, like the plot, and it’s unclear whether the universe, she, or society is the thing that’s sick.
January 22, 2015
A Scorching Farce: Brock Clarke’s ‘The Happiest People in the World’ 0
by Matt Seidel
The first law of farce is that bodies in motion will eventually collide, and Clarke orchestrates the inevitable collision by beckoning each character from across the world and assembling them at the Lumber Lodge under the watchful eye of the moose.
January 15, 2015
To Make Us Feel Less Alone: On ‘The David Foster Wallace Reader’ 30
by Jonathan Russell Clark.Written by:
7/2/2009 5:31 PM
Burbank, CA - JUNE 30, 2009 – AmberFin today announces it has added Creative Media Partners to its network of authorized resellers in North America. The announcement is part of AmberFin’s Global Partner Program to develop and forge new channel and OEM partnerships internationally.
Under the agreement, Burbank based Creative Media Partners will resell AmberFin’s iCR ingest, video conversion, automated/assisted QC and transcoding software tools in California and South West USA.
"We are pleased to have Creative Media Partners join our Partner Program," said David Abel, Worldwide Director of Partner Management at AmberFin. "Their local knowledge and expertise in post-production workflow integration will enable AmberFin to maximize the opportunities that exist in the region and to extend its presence in North America."
Founded in 2003, Creative Media Partners is a systems integrator and leading provider of video, audio, storage, data solutions and support services. Creative Media Partners has a deep understanding of the production and post-production process and the latest advances in file-based workflow.
AmberFin is also recruiting resellers in Europe and Asia. Further information about AmberFin’s Worldwide Partner Program and its technology and channel partners is available at::
Editorial contacts
Matthew Lloyd (US)
Hotwire for AmberFin
matthew.lloyd@hotwirepr.com
617-834-3146
Kirstyn Langford (UK)
amberfin@hotwirepr.com
+44(0)207 608 2500Buryin’ Berrien – Again
A Lake-Effect Snow Watch is in effect for Berrien Co. Michigan and La Porte, St. Joseph, Starke, Pulaski, Marshall and Fulton Counties in Indiana from late Tuesday night (after midnight) through Weds. evening. The heaviest snow band could conceivably produce a foot of snow and greatly impact driving along the lakeshore and esp. the big expressways going to Chicago (I-94, I-80, I-90). Snowfall rates of 1-2″ per hour are possible in the Watch area. Notice how the band also impacts W. Van Buren Co. and it’s very close to shore by Holland Grand Haven and Muskegon…coming back over W. Oceana and W. Mason Counties. So travel on US 31 along the lakeshore and I-196 west of Zeeland may also experience a period of heavy snow. Occasional periods of flurries and occasional periods of sunshine are likely inland with temperatures much of the day only in the upper 20s. A stiff wind will cause driving snow and reduce wind chill factors well down into the teens. We’ll update the forecast at 10 pm and 11 pm. Graphics courtesy of the National Weather Service.
Sounds good to me!! Don’t mind the cold at all, and love it when the snow is falling anywhere else but here! Hopefully this will continue to be the trend for the whole winter.
Freezing Rain Advisory for Kalamazoo, Van Buren, Barry, Allegan, Kent, Montcalm and Ionia in our viewing area
Please let this be wrong..
I’m cautiously optimistic about this one.
My family is headed to Missouri…leaving at midnight..and the usual trek is along 94 to 80/90. Dangerous! I really don’t want to deal with that!- Text Size:
- ASmall Text
- AMedium Text
- ALarge Text
There's no escaping higher prices at several local theme parks this summer.
First Universal, then Disney and now SeaWorld is hiking ticket prices.
SeaWorld raised its prices effective immediately. A one-day ticket now costs $92, up from $89.
SeaWorld previously raised ticket prices in November by $4.
Also announced on Friday, Busch Gardens in Tampa increased its single-day admission to $89.
Universal was the first to raise its prices this go around.
A couple of weeks ago, the company announced its single-day ticket would now cost $92.
A week later, Disney said it was hiking prices too, making a Magic Kingdom visit $95 with the other three parks setting guests back $90.With the preliminary round over with in the T20 World Cup 2012, it's time to start inching towards the championship round. The Super Eights did just that on Thursday, when defending champion England went down and Sri Lanka scored an opening victory.
Of the eight teams still around after the preliminary schedule, there's a high level of intrigue heading into this final slate of action.
From the host nation to some unexpected losses, there's a good amount of press coming out of this fourth annual T20 championship, and you can catch all the cricket action up until October 7.
If you have ESPN Star (Asia) or Sky Sports in England, it's easy to watch all the action, but if not, the games will be streaming live on ESPN3.com until the tournament is over.
Here's a look at three teams to keep your eye on going forward, especially given the recent slate and results from Sri Lanka.
England
The reigning champs stumbled in the preliminary round and proceeded to lose to the West Indies by 15 runs in the first stage of the Super Eights.
They've got plenty of chances to return to former glory, but Stuart Broad's team can't continue to slip if it wants to be back to that pivotal championship match. It showed some good gusto and did some good things against West Indies, but were outmatched. That has to change going forward.
Sri Lanka
The host nation has a chance to make this fourth T20 championship home in front of their fans and got off to a great start in the Super Eights. Their Super Over win against New Zealand was an emotionally-charged match that ended with a six-run Sri Lanka victory.
It was a close victory for the Sri Lankans, but on a late New Zealand mis-bowl and behind their own bowler, Lasith Malinga, they were able to hold off for a six-run win. The road is going to get tougher and the matches will be tougher down the stretch, but they have home-field advantage and an emotional give over the other opponents.
Australia
They open up with the tournament favorites India in their first T20 Super Eights matchup, but a win against the favorites might propel them towards their first ever tournament championship.
After starting 2-0, Australia faces its toughest matchup of the tournament against the Indian squad. However, India isn't looking past the Aussies, even anticipating playing five bowlers against them on Friday.
Australia has been hyped up for this matchup, and with a win, it makes the picture that much murkier as we inch towards the semifinals.> View Product Details Please select the size of the product. Please enter valid quantity. Tod's blue leather convertible tote overview details Retail: $2,150.00 Bluefly: $1,720.00 10% Off : $1,548.00 color : We're sorry. This style is sold out. Blue From quality leather craftsmanship to simple yet sophisticated designs with timeless appeal, Tod's has the handbags to suit your ever need.Watch Zach Braff and Donald Faison Cover ‘Baby It’s Cold Outside’ – [VIDEO]
.
Set against the backdrop of a clearly not cold Los Angeles, Braff and Faison look like a throwback to the old Frank Sinatra / Rat Pack days wearing 3-piece suits with sunglasses and Braff sipping on what appears to be scotch or bourbon.
Since I don’t have the lyrics of the song committed to memory, I thought this was a legit cover until Braff utters the line, “can I borrow your afro-comb”. You’ll probably need to watch it a couple of times to catch all the subtle jokes.Maternal Labor Supply and Children's Cognitive Development
This paper analyzes the relationship between maternal labor supply and children's cognitive development, using a sample of three- and four-year-old children of female respondents from the 1986 National Longitudinal Surveys Youth Cohort (NLSY). Respondents in the NLSY were aged 21 to 29 in 1986; thus our sample consists of children of relatively young mothers. We show that for this group the impact of maternal labor supply depends upon when it occurs. Maternal employment is found to have a negative impact when it occurs during the first year of the child's life and a potentially offsetting positive effect when it occurs during the second and subsequent years. We find some evidence that boys are more sensitive to maternal labor supply than girls though the gender difference is not significant. The negative first-year effect is not mitigated to any great extent by the increased maternal income that accompanies it, though the increase in maternal income does appears to play an important role in producing the positive effect in the second and.BANKING
Westpac profit jumps 14%
Australian banking giant Westpac yesterday posted a 14 percent jump in full-year net profit with all core divisions performing well, capping a bumper year for the country’s major lenders. The result in the 12 months to Sept. 30 came in at A$6.82 billion (US$6.44 billion), compared with A$5.97 billion the previous year. Cash earnings — the measure more closely watched by analysts, which strips out volatile items — were up 8 percent at A$7.10 billion, slightly better than expectations, with its share price lifting 0.41 percent to A$34.72 in early trade.
BANKING
HSBC’s Q3 profit up 30%
HSBC Holdings PLC said third-quarter pretax profit rose 30 percent as the lender cut costs and focused on its most lucrative markets. Pretax profit rose to US$4.53 billion from US$3.48 billion in the year-earlier period, the London-based lender said in a statement yesterday. Chief executive officer Stuart Gulliver said in May that he will cut an additional US$3 billion of expenses after beating an earlier target with the closing or sale of 60 businesses and the elimination of 46,000 jobs since the start of 2011. The bank has struggled to boost revenue that has been crimped by the sovereign-debt crisis in Europe, the winding down of its US consumer-finance operation and slower growth in China this year.
AVIATION
Ryanair profit set to fall
Ryanair’s annual profit is set to fall for the first time in five years as intense competition in Europe pushes average fares down by around 10 percent over the winter months, Europe’s largest airline by passenger numbers said yesterday. The Irish budget carrier cut its profit forecast further for its current financial year ending in March to about 510 million euros (US$688 million) from 570 million euros. Chief financial officer Howard Millar said passenger numbers were stable and on-board spending was growing, but that people were only booking discount fares, a sign Europe may not be recovering as quickly as many people hoped.
INVESTMENT
Horlick plans Web site Web site,.”
INVESTMENT
Kirin eyes rest of San Miguel, is not in talks with co-owner San Miguel Corp, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations are private. The Japanese company would consider a deal should San Miguel offer to sell its 51 percent stake to Kirin, the person said.Phillip Phillips is the winner of American Idol, season 11
Phillip Phillips takes Season 11 title in biggest non-surprise of the finale
A
A
Share via Email
View 3 photoszoom
John Shearer / INVISION
Finalists Jessica Sanchez and Phillip Phillips listen as host Ryan Seacrest announces the winner at the American Idol finale on Wednesday, May 23, 2012 in Los Angeles.
We were promised a night of surprises on the Season 11 American Idol finale, but the two-hour show was anything but.
The biggest non-surprise was who won: Phillip Phillips.
We know that a world record 132 million votes were cast Tuesday night, but host Ryan Seacrest never mentioned vote percentages, which makes me wonder if it was a landslide for Phillip. Seacrest usually says when it’s really close.
Runner-up Jessica Sanchez can take comfort in the fact she was part of the night’s biggest moment, an absolutely scorching duet of “And I Am Telling You I’m Not Going” with Jennifer Holliday, the woman who made the song a classic on Broadway and won a Tony for Dreamgirls.
At 51, Holliday was one of the younger guest stars on the show.
Also turning up to sing with various members of the top 12 were John Fogerty (66), Chaka Khan (59), Neil Diamond (71) and Reba McEntire (57). (If you were thinking that should have been a top 13, don’t forget about disqualified contestant Jermaine Jones, whose name never passed any lips on Wednesday.)
And judge Steven Tyler, who’s 64, did a couple of songs with his band Aerosmith.
The babies of the bunch were Idol winners past Fantasia Barrino and Jordin Sparks, and pop star Rihanna, who are all under 30.
Idol judge Jennifer Lopez, just 42 (although her abs are much younger), lip-synched her way through a couple of dance numbers of her own.
I’ve got nothing against people over 50, but this isn’t exactly cutting edge stuff. There’s also the issue of what aging does to voices. Diamond, who was there to shill for a tour, did almost as much speak-singing as singing and Khan sounded a bit screechy and pitchy.
The names of most of these performers had been revealed on the Internet the day before and even if you hadn’t read the reports you just had to hear a few bars of whatever the Idol contestants were singing to know who’d be emerging from behind a cloud of dry-ice fog or at the top of the stairs.
There was one genuine surprise: Ace Young, who finished seventh on Season 5 of Idol, proposed to Season 3 runner-up Diana DeGarmo onstage. They met doing Hair on Broadway in 2010.
I don’t know many men who would mention the name of their jewelry designer before preparing to get down on one knee and proffer the ring, but it was still kind of sweet. It even had Seacrest teary-eyed.
She said yes, by the way.
Each of the top five got a duet: Phillip did “Have You Ever Seen the Rain?” and “Bad Moon Rising” with Fogerty; Joshua Ledet sang Elton John’s “Take Me to the Pilot” with his idol, Fantasia; Skylar Laine did “Turn on the Radio” with McEntire; Hollie Cavanagh doubled on “You’ll Never Walk Alone” with Sparks (and outsang her, in my opinion); and Jessica had her moment with Holliday, plus she got a solo on Whitney Houston’s “I Will Always Love You.”
Among the lows were the Ford video tribute to the finalists, which was just clips from past Ford videos strung together; the tribute to dead Bee Gee Robin Gibb, a nice idea that the top guys weren’t quite able to execute; and a sketch about Tyler’s dressing room, a.k.a. Love Shack, that featured Playboy bunnies, Tyler cradling a sloth and a woman he called his sister necking with some grey-haired dude.
You’d think that Idol producers would want to draw attention away from Tyler’s aging lothario persona rather than play it up.
Rather than give a blow-by-blow description of the finale, I’m going to mention what the highlights were for me.
Joshua Ledet and Fantasia Barrino, “Take Me to the Pilot”: Every moment that Joshua sang on the finale reminded me of how much I missed hearing him in the top two (that included the slightly cheesy but fun top 12 rendition of “Runaway Baby” that opened the show). He would have been my choice for the American Idol. This duet got messy and became more like a Fantasia and “Mantasia” revival than a performance, with them splitting up and wandering into the audience to proselytize with power vocals, but it was still awesome. No doubt, someone will email me tomorrow and tell me that I must like screaming. Yes, I guess I do. Too bad about Fantasia’s bejewelled catsuit with the cutouts on the sides of the legs. Not even Lopez would have looked good in that thing.
Skylar Laine and Reba McEntire, “Turn Up the Radio”: I wasn’t a fan of everything fifth-place finisher Skylar sang during the season, but she certainly had performance chops. Skylar was most at ease with her celebrity duet partner and sang the song as if she’d written it herself.
Idol contestants sing the phone book: Nice to see Randy Jackson get tweaked for one of his most overused judging clichés: “(Insert name here) can sing the phone book.” In this sketch, 10 of the top 12 dressed in choir robes and sang phrases from ads and made-up phone numbers while holding phone books. And past champ Scotty McCreery presented Jackson with a phone book tied up in red ribbon. All in good fun, except I don’t think Seacrest was joking when he told Jackson, “Get some new material for next year.”
Jessica Sanchez and Jennifer Holliday, “And I Am Telling You I’m Not Going”: What could be better than Jessica singing “And I Am Telling You”? Jessica singing it with Holliday, who made the song her own when she played the role of Effie in Dreamgirls on Broadway in the ‘80s, winning a Tony for the role and a Grammy for the song. Holliday blew it out of the water, but Jessica held her own. It was the best performance of the night and one of the best of season finales past.
Aerosmith, “Legendary Child” and “Walk This Way”: Sure, Tyler almost fell over onto the camera and his screech isn’t as full-throttle as it once was, but the band can still rock a crowd. When Tyler commanded “Put your hands in the air,” I couldn’t see any hands that weren’t up. I wonder whether anyone will complain about the fact he patted himself just above the groin when he sang the line, “It started with a little kiss, like this” in “Walk This Way.” (He wasn’t the only one with a bit of a groin grab; Rihanna had one too in her new single “Where Have You Been?”)
Jessica and Phillip, “Up Where We Belong”: It wasn’t a showstopper, but it was kind of sweet. Considering the Phillip/Joe Cocker comparisons, it was one of the best choices for a song in which Phillip and Jessica could blend their very different voices.
Before Seacrest read the results, Phillip and Jessica both thanked the Idol crew and fans. “I just want to say it’s been such an honour to be up on this stage playing with everybody,” Phillip said of Ray Chew and the band.
Phillip looked shocked and overwhelmed after Seacrest read his name. He started to sing his new single “Home,” began to cry and stopped singing. Shaking his head and wiping his eyes, he walked away from the mic and into the audience to his parents and other family members for a group hug.
It was the kind of genuine moment that Phillip’s fans have loved him for.
In the end, a humble pawn shop worker pursuing his dream was a more appealing narrative for more people than a technically brilliant singer who’d been prepping for stardom since she was 4 or 5 years old.
Time will tell if the fans follow through and buy enough records to make Phillip one of Idol’s success.Peeta wrote:Since my return to the buying and selling scene I have noticed that there are quite a few 1/1 books out there with later impression jackets. I'm curious what this does to the collectibility of the book? It seems like the book would be worth the same as if it had no jacket at all. Anyone have an opinion? ThanksZoomSafer's new FleetSafer Vision uses a special algorithm to collect information from service providers such as AT&T and vehicles' telematics systems to create a report about on-the-go phone use by corporate drivers.
Insurance companies such as Allstate, Progressive and State Farm have recently announced gadgets that can track mileage and behind-the-wheel habits, promising better rates for the safest and most efficient drivers.
And there's more innovation on the way.
OnStar has partnered with Verizon on a prototype system that would run on the high-speed 4G wireless network. It would feature cameras and sensors inside and all around the vehicle that can quickly record an accident. Collisions, such as parking lot fender-benders, could trigger the system to send an e-mail with an attached video clip to the vehicle's owner.
Motorists can also use voice commands to call up YouTube, Twitter, Skype and other sites on an in-vehicle display. The system could also link up to a home-monitoring system to control the thermostat and lights.National Sports Day
India celebrates National Sports Day every year on 29th August. The day is celebrated to commemorate the great, legendary hockey player, Major Dhyan Chand Singh. 29th August is the birthday of Shri Dhyan Chand who made India proud by his extraordinary sporting skills. Let us know more about Shri Dhyan Chand and Celebrations of national sports day.
Dhyan Chand Singh: The Legendary
Shri Dhyan Chand was born on 29th August 1905 in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh. He was introduced to hockey at the age of 14. At the age of 16 he was inducted into the Punjab regiment and soon got good mentors for his career.
Soon Dhyan Chand started doing very well in his career. He displayed amazing skills. In one of the hockey match he made his team victorious in the match which was losing by 2 goals. This was the match of the Punjab Tournament in Jhelum. From then he was named the “Hockey Wizard”.
Shri Dhyan Singh began his international career in 1926. He was always top with his goal-scoring feats. He became captain of the team and won 3 Olympic gold medals. He played till the age of 42 and retired in the year 1948. He was awarded India’s third highest civilian honor, the Padma Bhushan in 1956. He died of liver cancer on 3rd December, 1979. In honor of Shri Singh the Indian Postal Service issued a postage stamp and a stadium at New Delhi is named Dhyan Chand National Stadium after his passing away.PDF Reader
Free
2730 reviews
By installing you agree to the Terms of Use and other terms
PublisherMicrosoft Corporation
Download size4 MB
Last updated4/30/2014
Version1.3.0.0
Works with
- Windows Phone 8.1
- Windows Phone 8
App requires
- data services
-
Reviews
- 5/18/2015Needs xps files support
- 5/14/2015completely good
- 5/14/2015Could use a feature or two, but still best PDF reader.
- 5/12/2015App does nothing even with pdfs on the device.
- 5/11/2015I can't share my document.why?????????
- 5/10/2015Find option is not working adobe features are good
- 5/8/2015Scrolling is terrible, if you scroll before the previous has completed it repeats the previous scroll.
- 5/6/2015Pooorrr.... Very poor. Not opening well, and cant share PDF . Can't see PDF sometimes. Lots of bugs.
- 5/3/2015Really Microsoft? No .xps support? Get it together
- 4/29/2015One of the best apps in WP . If only I could rename the filesApproximately 4:45 p.m., deputies responded to a hit-and-run accident on the 2800 block of Washington Road involving suspect Daniel Michael Gentry, according to a statement from Sgt. Monica Belser.
Gentry’s vehicle was identified as a 2003 white Ford Ranger. While traffic investigators were handling this accident, they were dispatched to a more severe accident on Interstate 20 westbound next to the Warren Road bridge overpass.
Investigators discovered two overturned vehicles, one of which was Gentry’s truck.
The second vehicle was a 2000 Lincoln Town Car.
Deputies confirmed that Gentry struck a vehicle on the 2800 block of Washington Road, left the scene at a high rate of speed, then got on I-20 westbound. Once on I-20, Gentry caused an additional accident which overturned both vehicles involved.
The exact number of victims has not been released, but Belser confirmed that everyone involved in the I-20 accident has been hospitalized.
“The victims names will not be released at this time,” Belser said.
Belser said Gentry “will possibly be charged with” reckless driving, DUI and driving with a suspended license.
Gentry, whose condition has not been released, is currently receiving medical treatment at Georgia Regents Medical Center.Can the Web save newspapers?
Ask the most pessimistic observers about the fortunes of the newspaper industry and they'll tell you the "dead-tree" medium is walking the plank, prodded by the same digital daggers that pushed compact discs, camera film and other physical media over the edge.
A
A
Share via Email
View 2 photoszoom
TORONTO STAR PHOTO ILLUSTRATION
According to reports, Apple may be working together with The New York Times on a new way to deliver and charge for online content.
Ask the most pessimistic observers about the fortunes of the newspaper industry and they'll tell you the "dead-tree" medium is walking the plank, prodded by the same digital daggers that pushed compact discs, camera film and other physical media over the edge.
But the outlook isn't so bleak, say some of the high-tech pirates wielding the daggers. Recognizing that the spirit of journalism is more than just words and pictures on paper, they say they can bring renewed vigour and financial strength to an industry so vital to democracy. They fully expect, of course, to share in the upside.
The International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this month was abuzz with talk of touch-screen tablet computers that are slim and light enough to function as 21st-century replacements for newsprint. And this week came reports that Apple Inc. may be working with The New York Times on a new way to deliver and charge for online content, possibly based on the popular iTunes model used to sell digital music.
The Times' debt-laden parent company wouldn't confirm links with Apple, but did say it intends to introduce a "paywall" in January 2011 that will allow it to charge online readers after they've read a certain number of free articles in a month. All eyes will be on Apple next week as it is expected to launch its highly anticipated tablet computer, unofficially dubbed the iSlate.
Google Inc., Microsoft Corp., IBM Corp. and several other high-tech giants are working on their own solutions. All say they can help guide the newspaper industry toward online prosperity by enabling microtransactions and tiered pricing for Internet-accessed content.
This assumes, of course, that newspapers are willing to make friends with companies that have seemed more like high-tech adversaries.
Eric Schmidt, chief executive of Internet search giant Google Inc., wrote in The Wall Street Journal in December that newspaper executives are understandably frustrated, but need to move beyond the blame game. He called for a "change in tone" and recognition that "we all have to work together to fulfill the promise of journalism in the digital age."
The industry may have little choice. Fewer people are reading newspapers as more turn their attention to the Internet, where an information free-for-all and online advertising sites such as Craigslist have severed old loyalties.
These trends have hit particularly hard in the United States. Its newspaper industry sold an average of 44 million copies a day last year, the lowest in about six decades (circulation levels in Canada, by contrast, have held up much better). Advertisers have responded, devoting more of their budgets to online campaigns that are less expensive and highly targeted.
Meanwhile, news organizations – with a few exceptions such as the Journal – continue to make online content freely available as they watch revenue from print advertising shrink. Figuring out a way to delicately charge readers for that content, cut costs without sacrificing quality and squeeze more from online advertising is the ultimate brainteaser for the industry.
"There is no single solution that changes the game for newspapers," said Josh Cohen, senior product manager at Google News, which has been demonized by News Corp. chairman Rupert Murdoch as a "content kleptomaniac."
When the Newspaper Association of America issued a call last year for ideas on how to make money from digital content, Google was among the bigger names to respond. It said it could help newspapers attract more readers to their websites and keep them there longer as a way to boost online advertising, which could also be better targeted.
Google also put forward the idea of using its online e-commerce system, Google Checkout, as a simple way for Internet consumers to pay for news subscriptions or, using a micropayment model, individual stories that might sell for just a few pennies each.
It also proposed the idea, sure to be controversial, of including a number of competing publications in a kind of revenue-sharing subscription package. That would be similar to cable packages sold to TV viewers. Readers could also have the option of viewing content outside their paid package by having a small per-story charge appear on their monthly bill.
Exclusive stories, investigative features, columns and other unique premium content should be placed behind a paywall and basic "news of the moment" – content likely to be available in many places of charge – should be kept outside the paywall for anyone to access, Google emphasized.
Google News would act like a salesman on commission. It would present the news the user wants and would know – and display – links that can be accessed as part of that consumer's subscription. Nonsubscribers, given access to a short preview of the article, would have the option to pay for it or subscribe to a broader package of content.
"Bundling is becoming increasingly popular, and it's worked very well for cable and television," said Jim Brady, president of digital strategy at Arlington, Va.-based Allbritton Communications Co., parent of the popular political news site Politico.com.
Brady said newspapers first have to stop trying to be "all things to all people" and instead focus on what they do best. They will also have to figure out a way to make online transactions, particularly microtransactions, quick and hassle-free.
"How do you do that in a way that doesn't make the reader not visit the website again?" said Brady, explaining that the "annoyance factor" can't be overstated.
Michael Cooke, the Toronto Star's editor, wonders whether the horse has already left the barn.
"At this point, the supply of free, timely information available on the net so far outstrips demand that metropolitan newspapers have little hope of selling access to most forms of news or opinion," he said. "As long as online newspaper sites merely mirror print, they succeed at creating significant audiences, but have limited revenue opportunities."
Until that changes, Cooke said he's skeptical of introducing paywalls on newspaper websites: "Of course, I hope I'm wrong. We'll be watching very carefully what happens at The New York Times."
There may be lessons to learn from the music industry, which since the advent of Napster has walked the slow and painful path of reinvention.
After the industry launched a series of high-profile piracy lawsuits, it became clear that threatening potential customers with criminal charges was a poor way of creating consumer loyalty.
The move to online music subscriptions also got little traction. Some services still exist today – Napster and Rhapsody, for example, have had modest success. But services from Yahoo, MTV and AOL wilted away in the face of free peer-to-peer download sites like Morpheus, LimeWire and BearShare.
That changed in 2003 when Apple introduced iTunes and began selling digital songs for a buck a pop. The à la carte model, easy to use and tied closely to the evolution of the iPod family of music devices, turned out to be a hit with consumers.
Some industry observers believe the introduction of new mobile devices, including tablet or slate computers, and online services that offer cheap and effortless per-article access to news content could put the same kind of dent in the me-for-free culture that is hurting newspaper sales.
Instead of selling the whole paper, or access to the full website, sell the stories or columns that grab individuals in different ways.
"Five years ago, almost no one paid for music online and now, nine billion or so songs sold later, we know people are willing to pay if the price is right and the convenience is there," Times media writer David Carr wrote this month.
Carr argued this approach has a chance only if a substantial number of publishers erect a paywall, similar to what the Times announced this week, and make it harder for web surfers to find premium content free of charge. "If loads of quality content are available free elsewhere, no interface is going to make paid content attractive," he concluded.
It's a message media mogul Murdoch is also pushing. Online consumers, he said in a recent interview, "shouldn't have it free all the time. I think we've been asleep."
A potentially important ally could end up being the neighbourhood phone company, said media consultant David Weir, pointing out that users of wireless devices, recognizing the value in mobility, have proven far more willing to pay for content and applications than laptop and desktop users.
Mobile phone carriers also have the billing infrastructure to collect payment for subscriptions or microtransactions conducted through a wireless device.
"Consumption of that content ends up showing up as part of your monthly bill," said Weir.
That's why Weir is critical of the Times and its decision, after two previous failed attempts, to start charging for content.
He said the market for mobile devices that do a good job of presenting news, books and other "text" media is just beginning to "explode," and the Times would do best to wait for new payment models designed for these gadgets.
Whether local cellphone providers will enter the fray remains to be seen, but they could prove to be among the most strategic players. Rogers Wireless, for example, is already working to make it easier for customers to pay for goods and services using wireless devices.
David Robinson, vice-president of new business planning, said the focus now is on enabling Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Interac payments through mobile devices.
He said the company could technically pursue a BoBo model, which stands for billing on behalf of, but that would require the wireless carrier to become a supplier of general credit for non-Rogers products.
In fact, it's already done. Bell Canada collects payment on behalf of third-party long-distance providers. Rogers Cable bills customers for movies downloaded on demand. Toronto Hydro collects payment on behalf of electricity retailers such as Bullfrog Power.
But processing pennies for news stories is a different game, said Robinson, pointing to the merchant fees that would be charged. "As you get down to microtransactions, if you're being charged 4 cents (in merchant fees) for a 25-cent article you've got a problem," he said.
"So, can I do BoBo better than Interac? That's what you've got to ask yourself. Is there an opportunity for a (wireless) carrier to insert itself in that billing, or is there a better mousetrap already out there?"
Perhaps for a telecommunications executive, the business model isn't very attractive.
But for an industry that's not getting paid for the online content it produces, sharing a bit of revenue when Google or Apple sells your product and a bit more to have the phone company collect your money may, when it's all added up, makes a lot of cents.
Certainly it beats walking the plank..You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your ReverbNation experience.
May 9
May 1
Oct 7
Kristin Kearns
Vocals
Nate McCoy
Electric Guitar
Casey Conrad
Drums
Dustin McCoy
Bass
Sounds Like: Paramore, Hey Monday, Versa Emerge, Automatic Loveletter, P!nk
Label: None
Manager: Darling Parade
Bio:
Darling Parade: The Biography ho...See Full Bio
:
#TBT - "Ghost" was our first single from our last album! Now it's time for a new one! #runawaymay26
;-)
Nice work.
Great music I really enjoyed all your songs!!! I just followed
Great songs! Great production!
totally awesome guys! us desert rats love it!
Very Great Music Band. Nice Voice. CheersCulture clash
Movies | In Gran Torino, Clint Eastwood uses his icon status to successfully take on the sensitive subject of racism
Leave it to Clint Eastwood to make a drama that generates more belly-busting laughs than most recent comedies and more insight into what drives and satisfies the human spirit than the majority of 2008's indie Oscar-bait put together.
As Gran Torino's Korean War vet Walt Kowalski, Eastwood offers us a thoroughly unlikable character that manages, even in his unrepentant racism, to win our favor. He pulls this trick off by, first, realistically addressing the culture clashes that are as annoying as they are unavoidable in a melting pot like ours and, second, by depicting the ugly side of middle-class America just as much as he depicts the gang-violence typical of poor immigrant neighborhoods. It's not pretty, and neither is Walt, but he is made more so in that he doesn't pull punches no matter what group he's assaulting, even his own.
But doling out punches (however deserved) is hardly a path to a fulfilling life. Once he is forced to interact with his Hmong neighbors, Walt finds that empty tolerance isn't the answer to overcoming differences; building real relationships is.
Eastwood clearly understands what his persona as an actor has meant to American cinema, and with Gran Torino, he trades in on his icon status brilliantly. The gravel-voiced threat, the prolonged squint, the sotto voce snarl-all make regular appearances as Walt confronts gang-bangers of every ethnic stripe in his declining Detroit neighborhood. But rather than merely imparting an exhilarating sense of justice, these trademark elements are also used to cast light on some uncomfortable questions: Is clinging to every bit of nostalgic Americana really patriotic, or is it sometimes exclusionary? Do some immigrants fail to assimilate because they don't want to or because natural-born citizens fail to reach out to them? It is precisely because of his status as an icon of heartland masculinity that Eastwood is able to take on this sensitive subject with far more integrity (not to mention authenticity) than films like 2004's Crash managed.
Gran Torinounquestionably earns it's R-rating with more obscenities and racial invective this side of a Quentin Tarantino movie. But unlike the films of lesser directors, the language here is rarely window dressing. Though a few exchanges strike a gratuitous note, it would be impossible to fully convey the spiritual evolution of the bitter, godless, and racist Walt Kowalski without making him sound, well, bitter, godless, and racist. In a twist that elevates Gran Torino far above the typical vengeance-wreaking flick, Walt discovers that the greatest satisfaction comes not from proving you were right but from sacrificing to right your wrongs.
Gran Torino opens in theaters nationally, Friday, January 9.
(Note: This movie review did not appear in the print edition of the Jan. 17, 2009, issue of WORLD, but is offered online as a Web Extra.)
You must be a WORLD member to post comments.549 kr
Slut i lager
DESCRIPTION
Been playing with your Sugar Mama for a little bit and want to try some variation? Ever thought about attending the Swinger’s Party?
Feel no guilt and look no further, with a couple of extra mm’s of ‘thane, a choice of a lil’ softer duro, and still the same stone-ground finish, you have more choice in what to ride with these babies.
CADILLAC’S DESCRIPTION
Poured in the same THC slide urethane as the 81A Swingers, the 70mm/78A the Cadillac.
Swingers are made for busting out giant slides with ease. The 78A formula provides some extra grip for confidence at higher speeds. Stone-ground to slide smoothly right away, the Swingers wear evenly down to the high-performance hub. With a center-set hub and graphics.
printed on both sides, these wheels can be flipped to promote more even wear. Our team says freeriding on these wheels is like skating in ‘easy-mode’.
Width: 45.0mm
Durometer: 78a
Diameter: 70.0mm
Bli den första att skriva en recension “Cadillac Swingers 70mm/78A THC Slide Formula”
Cadillac Swingers 70mm/78A THC Slide Formula on Instagram
Want to share your instagrams of you with your Cadillac Swingers 70mm/78A THC Slide Formula? Use the #boardlife_cadillac hash tag.
Recensioner
Det finns inga produktrecensioner än.UPDATED: June 24, 2014, at 10:23 a.m.
An array of taxicab drivers, ride-sharing partners, and customers appeared before the Cambridge License Commission last week as it met to discuss proposed regulations that would more strictly govern popular ride-sharing services such as Uber, Lyft, and Sidecar.
The drafted regulations would require services like Uber, whose mobile application connects passengers with for-hire vehicle drivers, to obtain city-sanctioned licenses and limit which devices may be used to calculate fares, among other rules. It would also force ride-sharing services to use prices set by the city, as taxicabs do currently.
These changes could effectively prohibit the operation of Uber, which uses a mobile application rather than a traditional meter and maintains a unique and independent pricing system. In June, the company completed a round of funding at a valuation of $18.2 billion.
The commission did not vote on the regulations, which, as preliminary drafts, “would not be passed” in current form, according to License Commission chair Andrea Spears Jackson.
In 2012, the City of Cambridge unsuccessfully sued to overturn a state ruling permitting the operation of services like Uber, citing the discrepancy between regulations pertaining to the quickly growing ride-sharing industry and those imposed on taxicab drivers, who are required to purchase costly medallions, undergo vehicle inspections, and purchase special insurance in order to operate. ITaxicab drivers protested outside Uber’s Boston headquarters in May by circling the company’s offices in their vehicles, honking horns and disrupting traffic at the building near South Station.
In a statement to the press last Tuesday, Cambridge Mayor David P. Maher lauded innovative transportation options within the city and promoted a fair, open discussion at the hearing.
“Years of careful investment, smart urban planning and targeted economic development in Cambridge have allowed for a transit-centered culture to emerge for people who not only live here, but come here to work every day,” Maher said in the statement. “We are the worldwide leader in innovation and we have no intention to back away from the progress we have made.”
Donna Blythe-Shaw, a spokesperson for the Boston taxi drivers union, said at Tuesday night’s hearing that ride-sharing services such as Uber have contributed between a 30- and 40-percent loss of business for local taxi services.
“Their drivers aren’t vetted, their cars are uninspected, [and] there’s no responsibility to the community or to any public entity,” Blythe-Shaw testified. “It’s not good old-fashioned American competition to have a highly-regulated and a clearly unregulated industry competing for the same work.”
Peter Bruce, a driver for Veterans Taxi, agreed with Blythe-Shaw that services like Uber have a competitive advantage over taxi companies like his own, particularly because of the discrepancy in insurance requirements.
“It is fictional that Uber is not a taxi,” Bruce said. “It is a taxi, and it should be regulated like a taxi, meaning that their insurance coverage should have to be as full as a taxi’s. It should have to [undergo] police checks, safety checks, safety checks of their vehicles just like we do, and be licensed by the police and relevant government entities.”
Aaron Ennis, a full-time driver who uses the ride-sharing application Lyft, expressed concern that the draft regulations were too restrictive, despite acknowledging that further regulation was necessary. According to Ennis, the growth of ride-sharing services largely stems from riders’ discontent with the quality and service of taxicabs and their drivers.
Among those testifying to the commission in favor of ride-sharing services was Meghan Verena Joyce '07, Uber’s Boston/Providence general manager and a Harvard Business School graduate. Joyce defended the standards of driver vetting, vehicle inspection, and safety enforced by the company upon its drivers, as well as its innovative approach to transportation services.
“This kind of software affords both professional and economic freedom for a lot of people in the Cambridge/Boston area,” she said.
A statement posted last Monday on Uber’s website urged supporters of the service and its peers to attend the License Commission meeting. Last Tuesday night, attendees spilled into the halls of the Cambridge municipal building in which the meeting was held. In the statement, the company cited the stricter regulations as anathema to innovation and progressiveness within the city.
—Staff writer Alexander H. Patel can be reached at alex.patel@thecrimson.com. Follow him on Twitter @alexhpatel.
Next in Metro NewsAt Harvard Book Store, Hillary Clinton Draws 1,000NASA today released a new, high-resolution “Blue Marble” image of the Earth taken from NASA's most recently launched Earth-observing satellite — Suomi NPP. This composite image is 8000 x 8000, and uses a number of swaths of the Earth's surface taken on Jan. 4, 2012, according to NASA. For those of you on slower connections, it could take some time to download the 16.4MB file.
Suomi NPP carries five instruments on board, the biggest and most important of which is the Visible/Infrared Imager Radiometer Suite (VIIRS), which took the photos used to make this high-resolution composite.
Photo courtesy of NASA/NOAA/GSFC/Suomi NPP/VIIRS/Norman Kuring-
- News
- Calendar
- Blogs
- Sports
- Entertainment
- Business
- Lifestyles
- Community
- Opinion
-
- Classifieds
- Coupons
- Local Savings
- Green Editions
- Legal Notices
- Contests
- Weekly Ads
Connect with Us
-
-
-
- NEWSLETTERS
New loan program offered by SFCU
Sno Falls Credit Union has launched a short-term loan program with help from Q-Cash, a credit union service organization.
Q-Cash differs from traditional payday lending services in that it offers lower fees - $10 per every hundred borrowed or one-third less than the industry standard. Members can borrow from $50 to $500 for up to 45 days with the convenient option of repayment in two installments.
In addition, borrowers wanting assistance will be referred to BALANCE, a consumer counseling program to help them get out of the payday lending cycle.
"We are pleased to offer this alternative to payday lending," says Sno Falls Credit Union President Linda Larion. "Q-Cash is just one more way we strive to accomplish our mission of delivering quality service with pride and flexibility."
Q-Cash loans are available to members age 18 or over who have have had a Sno Falls Credit Union checking account for at least 30 days.
Additional information may be found on the Internet at or by calling (425) 888-4004.
Latest news, top stories, and community events,
delivered to your inbox.
Trending Stories May 15 - May 22
Read the May 20
Green Edition
Browse the print edition page by page, including stories and ads.Hey all,
New to the forum and need a bit of guidance here. I just set up a new tank about 3 weeks ago, it's a 45g Fluval Bow aquarium with the LED lights and C4 filter and I've had white-ish cloudy water from day 1. After filling the tank the first time the water was REALLY cloudy and brown so I drained it at washed the gravel much more thoroughly, re-filled it and am now stuck with the white cloudy water.
Attachment 35696
I added the de-chlorinaters and "instant cycle" stuff that came with the kit as per the directions as well as the packet of flocculants that came with the filter. After about 2 and a half weeks I tested the water and my results were:
pH: 7.0-7.5
NH3: 0 mg/L
NO2-: 0.1-0.3 mg/L
NO3-: Approx 5 mg/L
As far as I know those seem to be pretty ideal results, although I know things can change since it's not a fully mature tank yet.
I also added some live plants about a week after filling the tank. This is my first time dealing with live plants so I'm sure I'm doing some things wrong. Guy at the pet store basically told me any green plant is going to adapt well to most water conditions and that I needed to use elastic bands or something similar to hold the root section of the plants together for planting. So I did that and buried the root section in the gravel. So far one plant quickly turned brown and died and the others seem to be slowly dying / not really growing. I had been adding some "plant food" or Carbon stuff the pet store guy gave me while I didn't have fish.
And finally I added a few (4) Zebra Danios yesterday. So far they seem totally happy and healthy, good coloration and they're swimming all over the aquarium.
I also added some "Crysal Clear Water" stuff, which is just another flocculant before adding the fish. It instantly made the water even cloudier (which I think it's supposed to do), but the filter doesn't seem to have cleared the water at all and I've noticed a bunch of these little white pollen-like things sticking all over the tank, so I'm kind off at a loss of what to do next.
20140803_133925.jpg
Oh, and I have some pest snails.
Sorry about the novel, but I figured the more info you have the better you might be able to help me out. Thanks for taking the time!
As far as the things stuck to the glass, it's really hard to tell. Likely just clumps of particulate stuck to the glass. You can also investigate things like planaria and hydra--probably not what you have, but once you know what they are you'll be a step ahead of the game if they ever show up in your future.
Keep an eye on your water parameters. As you said, the tank isn't really mature yet. With the info you provided I think you may be doing a fish-in cycle at this point. Sounds like this isn't your first tank so you may already know about that, but just wanted to drop the reminder to keep an eye on your ammonia and nitrites.
I have never had good luck with using elastic, weights, etc to keep plants bundled and planted. I always ended up strangling the plant and quit using them. YMMV. Also, it's not uncommon for live plants to go through an adjustment period. Could be that or it could be more complicated. Some folks have tremendous aquatic green thumbs (I'm not one of them) but I think even they would be the first to tell you that all green plants are not created equal and some are way easier than others. Good luck with them.
Baxter hit three good points. Imo planaria or hydar is what you are seeing. Second some plants will adjust to your tank. They look like the might die but come back better. The most important thing is it also sounds like you tank has not cycled. Did you test for ammoina, if so what did you have. If not test for it sense adding fish. Also read in the binnger section under cycling a sticky called cycling thank with fish wrote by LadyHobbs.
Fishes go "pook pook"
my spell check went on vaction.
my Mts storie:
Thanks for the response! It does look like my plants are doing a bit better now. I ended up just wiping as much of those tiny white things out as I could and so far they don't seem to be coming back so we'll see.
I did test ammonia before adding my zebras and got a reading of 0. I'll test again this weekend to see if anything has changed.
Do not add more fish for a while. You will need to ck for ammiona and the others at a max of every two days. This might be a slow job but done right you should not problems
The cloudy water may very well be a bacterial bloom - which is good. You are growing beneficial bacteria in your tank - in the filter media and in the substrate. When water first gets cloudy, that's a good indication that your cycle is well on the way to being complete. It will go away when your tank is fully cycled. You're aiming for 0 ammonia and nitrites and 20 or less Nitrates.
If you continue to have cloudy water after the cycle is complete, it's possible you are over cleaning. Right now, you should leave your filter media alone. Let that bacteria grow. Don't change out any of your filter media (unless it's falling apart and even then, leave it in your filter with the new media for a while so BB has a chance to grow on the new media. When you do finally clean the filter media (give it another 2 months or so) rinse it gently in water that you've removed from your tank - never in tap water.
Hope this helps. You've gotten very good info in all the prior' ...MTN Business is looking to spend KES800 million (USD9.1 million) to extend its fibre-optic network across the country, AllAfrica.com reports. Managing director Tom Omariba notes that the bulk of the funds will be used to deploy a Metro Ethernet network in Mombasa, the second largest city in Kenya, with a view to serving small and medium enterprises (SMEs). Further, MTN has re-opened its Mombasa office, which was gutted by fire in May last year. Commenting on recent developments, Mr Omariba said: ‘The technology will enable enterprise customers with global operations to easily communicate with branches and employees worldwide. It provides high security, high speed and high quality services.Just listening to Ghosts 'n' Stuff - Nero Mix & The Veldt by Deadmou5. The HE500 bass sounds a little slow and sloppy relative to the HD700. Not knocking the HE500 at all, love them and are keepers for me.
Preproman.. would like to hear your impressions of the HD700 after you've spent some time with them/ I really like my HE500/HD700 combo. I'm pretty much at the end game for headphones but am looking at other amp options.
Just curious why didn't you go for the Hd800 instead of the 700?This is a longer version of an article also published in the Financial Times.
Belgrave Square is one of London's smartest addresses, giving its name to Belgravia, the rich kernel of one of the world's richest cities. It is not the natural milieu of scruffy wine writers but, thanks to João de Vallera, the current, unusually wine-minded, Portuguese ambassador to the Court of St James, we have all been trotting along to number 12 Belgrave Square on a regular basis. The Portuguese embassy is the handsome three-storey stucco mansion on the square's north-western corner (the Spanish ambassador lives in the south-western one) and so far this year alone it has been the setting for a Wine Society event showcasing the wines of Luis Pato; Baga Friends celebrating the characteristic grape of the northern wine region of Bairrada; the tenth Wines of Portugal Awards dinner (the occasion of this photo); and The New Douro, a presentation of the exciting table wines that the Douro Valley, home of port, is producing now.
For wine-trade veteran and UK representative of the Symington port family Tim Stanley-Clarke, 'I would put João top of the vinous Richter scale of the Portuguese ambassadors I have known over the past 30 years. He really loves wine and knows quite a lot about it.'
Danny Cameron, the chairman of the association of Portuguese wine importers in the UK is another fan. 'He has a great sense of humour, and a great sense of humanity. And above all, he loves good wine. Whenever I have a meeting or telephone call scheduled with him, it's never completely about the next event, or whatever else, because he always slips in a comment about something he has tasted recently, or wants to discuss a particular vintage of something.'
As I settled in to my seat next to João de Vallera at the awards dinner in the frescoed dining room recently, he said with some pride that the room had recently housed a catwalk. 'There are three areas I take a personal interest in', he confided, 'fashion and textiles, tourism, and wine. And I am particularly keen on combining the last two.' He was then able to quote the number of person-nights spent by Brits in Portugal last year and, almost, the number of glasses of wine they had drunk. And it is not as though wine is a particularly important export from Portugal. The ambassador reeled off statistics about Portugal's prowess at exporting machinery, oil, vehicles - all of them wildly more important to the fragile Portuguese economy than fermented grape juice, but his heart is clearly in wine.
It is also, according to several independent reports, very close to one particular article about wine, a cutting from the Financial Times which he keeps in his inside breast pocket. It was a survey last November which showed that average red wine scores [on my website] are higher for Portuguese wine than for any other country's. Although one of my informants adds, 'it is really funny because it always takes him some time to find the photocopy amongst all the little papers he carries with him, but he shows it to literally hundreds of people'.
Leading Portuguese wine producer Dirk van der Niepoort describes the current ambassador as 'very special, intelligent and really wants to do things for Portugal. He does a lot more than is his duty.' This is his third year in London and this will be his last post, following on from Dublin (1998-2000), Berlin (2002-2006), and Washington (2007-2010). In Berlin he is proud of having converted the sommelier at one of the top restaurants to Portuguese wines so that by the time he left there was 14 wines from the Douro on the list. He also religiously attended the Prowein wine trade fair in Düsseldorf (something even a professional might regard as hard work) and reminisced about his adventures there with an enthusiastic Portuguese wine exporter and a corkscrew. In Washington he famously shipped the Douro red Quinta do Vale Meão 2004, which was the first Portuguese table wine to feature in the Wine Spectator magazine's top 100, disguised as olive oil. He was determined that America's arcane prohibitions on moving alcoholic liquid from New York to the nation's capital would not rob him of an opportunity to show off this new Portuguese achievement.
He earned his ambassadorial roles working 16 hours a day at the cliff face of Maastricht negotiations in Brussels. 'Then, as a young diplomat, I was very interested to witness the revolution in Portuguese wine, to see all these new, young winemakers emerging. You used to have to search for good Portuguese wine, but now it 's difficult to find a bad one. And even the inexpensive ones are good', he says delightedly.
He has a particular fondness for the Douro because his maternal grandfather had a port wine quinta there, in the Távora side-valley, the grapes being sold to Barros. He and his family spent every summer there. He was born in Angola, now the second most important export market for Portuguese wine after France, which imports huge quantities of basic port. The youngest of five and seriously threatened by liver disease, he was shipped back to his grandmother in Lisbon at the age of two and hardly saw his parents again until he was six.
As an attendee of the recent New Douro tasting in the embassy, I must say I was struck by the unusual warmth of the atmosphere. So often a tasting for the wine trade can feel rather impersonal and routine. There are various settings, often used by a range of exhibitors, which have all the charm of the National Exhibition Centre. But in the Portuguese embassy we really did feel as though we had been invited into someone's home, as we indeed had been. The wines were truly exciting - not least because most of the reds were the products of the exceptional 2011 vintage in the Douro Valley. I have previously written that if you have reason to celebrate the year 2011, you might consider investing in 2011 vintage port. But the quantities made were very small and most of it has been squirrelled away in private collections by now. I would urge you to think seriously about the 2011 Douro red table wines, too.
João de Vallera was very much in evidence at this Douro tasting, sauntering between the two handsome reception rooms with a smile framed by his neat, white naval beard, glass in hand and, often, his beloved Olympus EPM2 round his neck (he is a keen photographer). He even - and this is surely way, way beyond the call of diplomatic duty - emptied my spittoon.
For my notes from the New Douro tasting, see Douro table wines - better than ever. International stockists can be found at wine-searcher.com.
RECOMMENDED DOURO 2011 REDS
These stunning top bottlings are only just making their way on to export markets.
Quinta do Crasto, Touriga Nacional and Vinha Maria Teresa
Quinta da Gaivosa, Abandonado and Vinha de Lordelo
Lavradores de Feitoria,Três Bagos
Quinta da Manoella, Quinta da Manoella and Vinhas Velhas
Niepoort, Batuta and Charme
Poeira
Ramos Pinto, Duas Quintas Reserva
Quinta de la Rosa, Quinta de la Rosa and douRosa
Quinta da Touriga, Chã
Quinta Vale D Maria
Quinta do Vale Meão, Meandro
Wine and Soul, Pintas, Pintas CharacterVideos
Volvo C30 Electric - Climate System (2:41), speaker, sound
Video formats available for download:
If you require a special video format, please click on the button below.
The video covers details about the advance climate system in the C30 Electric; the technical solutions for cooling and heating of both batteries and compartment. Scenes from Volvo C30 Electric driving in winter climate, cold camber and wind tunnel testsPerson interviewed (in order of appearance): Thomas Nilsson, Climate control specialist
Keywords:
C30,.1900-05-04 (140lbs) Matty Matthews drew 10 Kid Parker, Colorado AC, Denver, Colorado, USA
From Barry Hugman's History of Championship Boxing
1900-05-04 (140lbs) Matty Matthews drew 10 Kid Parker, Colorado AC, Denver, Colorado, USA. Referee: Billy Woods. Reported by the Rocky Mountain News to be a billed welterweight title fight, Matthews had recently won the American 142lbs championship when beating Mysterious Billy Smith (w co 19.I.
Pfft. Site redesigns, eh? Who’d ‘ave ‘em?
*ahem*
Oooh. Nice. And you have a search engine!
I know the password for the ‘premium’ section, Fraser. Don’t despair.
Hey Ant…how comes when i hover my mouse over “your link 1″, the other your links shift to the right by a pixel or two?
The independant does something similar – it is very distracting.
In my previous job, i spent many hours optimising drawing code …so i tend to notice little niggles.
Do you think that maybe they’ve made it shit on purpose to encourage people to buy the actual newspaper? If so, they’re idiots.
Not sure about those shifting links. I’ve just plonked in a ready-made WordPress theme, but I haven’t had a chance to tinker about with it yet. Maybe something to do with the CSS… Not sure where my sidebar links went to either…
From the same recipe – but in The Guardian:
“If you want browning flavours, melt the butter in a pan big enough to hold the joint and colour the meat on both cut faces and the fat side as quickly as possible.”
Tra na.
The Hamester
It’s a different recipe – the Guardian one has a much higher temperature and a much shorter cooking time. Besides, that’s not the point ;-)
You really ARE turning into a pernikerty old divvel, aren’t you?
*cough*pipe and slippers*cough*
RP
x
looking for a recipe for slow roast Sebastian Coe.Must include cooking from live.
any offers
JG
At first glance it appears that you need to stick to those second glances. Those first ones really do ya something fierce.
Mr Blumenthal cooked the same thing on Full On Food last night, and there was no mention of butter, just a blowtorch. Maybe you’re supposed to eat the butter while you wait 20 hours for your meat to cook.
The dud recipe sounds like bad recipe editing – unfortunately this happens more and more nowadays :-(
On Full on Food he made a great deal of how your oven must be at the right temperature & how you should by an oven thermometer etc., but never actually said what temp it ought to be.
The finished beef looked incredibly unpleasant as well: like a rib of Spam.
100grams of unsalted butter is a garnish in Queensland.
Same profanity and lack of taste as everywhere. I am used to it. It`s Ok.
Amazing, I have actually made it on to some idiots blog bitching about well… you name it.
To be fair I never answered any emails, i mean why bother? Myself and my other colleagues created a great website which was functional and easy to use, but the powers that be decided to outsource it to some unknown company. Once that had happened i had the pleasure of ignoring hundreds of emails every day whilst having lot’s of long lunches on the all the money we were making via the Independent Portfolio “service”.
Great times.
You’re not too hot on your possessive apostrophies, Lee. “idiots” should have one, “lot’s” shouldn’t.
“Apostrophies”??? Call yourself a pedant?
Indeed, it seems the “THE MIGHTY PEDANT” isn’t too hot on spelling either.
Twat.By Lisa Richwine and Ronald Grover
(Reuters) - "Desperate Housewives" alum Eva Longoria's new project won't bring her back to ABC, or any traditional U.S. television network. The actress will produce and lend her voice to "Mother Up!," a 13-episode adult animated comedy available in the U.S. this fall only on the online video site Hulu.
Longoria, Kevin Spacey, John Goodman and other top Hollywood actors are being wooed by the growing number of Silicon Valley companies rushing to get a foothold in consumers' living rooms with exclusive shows that feature big names and hefty budgets.
As video streaming technology makes watching videos on laptops and mobile devices as easy as flicking on a TV set, Amazon.com Inc (NSQ:AMZN), Google Inc's (NSQ:GOOG) YouTube, Yahoo and Microsoft Corp (NSQ:MSFT) are setting up shop in Hollywood to produce or license their own series.
Their models are pay TV channels like HBO and Showtime that built their subscriber rolls by creating shows like HBO's "Sopranos" or Showtime's "Homeland" that a TV viewer couldn't get anywhere else.
"Content creators think they've hit the lottery," said Bernard Gershon, head of digital consultancy Gershon Media and a former Walt Disney Co (NYS:DIS) executive. "Those companies are throwing a lot of dollars for content they can use to create a following."
With 33 million global subscribers to its streaming service, Netflix (NSQ:NFLX) can afford to plunk down what analysts estimate was up to $100 million for the rights to "House of Cards," a slickly produced political drama starring two-time Oscar winner Spacey and produced by "The Social Network" film director David Fincher.
Upcoming only-on-Netflix series include the revival of one-time Fox comedy "Arrested Development" starring Will Arnett, and murder mystery "Hemlock Grove," directed by horror movie producer Eli Roth.
On Tuesday, the Los Gatos, California-based company announced the December release of its first original children's series, a show based on DreamWorks Animation's (NSQ:DWA) coming summer movie "Turbo" about a fast-moving snail.
The companies have different business models -- Amazon, Netflix and Microsoft have subscription services, YouTube sells advertising, while Intel Corp (NSQ:INTC) and Apple Inc (NSQ:AAPL) may introduce cable-like services that offer channels online.
But they all sense an opening as consumers increasingly chafe at their mounting cable and satellite TV bills. A small, but increasing, number are starting to "cut the cord," or drop their service, say analysts.
"We may be sowing the seeds of our own destruction," Charlie Ergen, chairman of satellite operator Dish Network Corp (NSQ:DISH), said at the AllThingsD "Dive into Media" conference on February 12. "A lot of people can live with Netflix and be perfectly happy."
Netflix has won fans in Hollywood by giving writers and directors a "high level of autonomy as well as an increasingly global distribution platform," Morgan Stanley analyst Scott Devitt said in a note to clients.
"There is plenty of room for multiple producers and licensors of original content," Devitt added.
Amazon.com's Prime subscription, which combines a video streaming service with free shipping for products it sells online, stepped up its Hollywood dealmaking in the last month with pacts to be the exclusive online home for popular PBS drama "Downton Abbey" and upcoming CBS show "Under the Dome," a series based on a Stephen King novel.
The Seattle-based company, seen by some analysts as Netflix's biggest threat, said last month it plans to air 11 original pilot episodes before deciding which to produce as ongoing series.
One of the pilots, "Alpha House," follows four senators who live together in a rented house. "Roseanne" and "Argo" actor John Goodman will star, according to a person close to the situation.
Overall, Amazon Studios has 48 movie and TV shows in development, an Amazon spokeswoman said.
Hulu, owned by media giants Disney, News Corp (NSQ:NWSA) and Comcast Corp's (NSQ:CMCSA) NBCUniversal, is beefing up its own original and exclusive content for its free, ad-supported service and its monthly subscription plan. Hulu already has distributed than two dozen exclusive or original shows, including Morgan Spurlock documentary series "A Day in the Life."
Upcoming Hulu programs include Longoria's "Mother Up!" about a former music executive navigating life as a suburban mom.
Microsoft, which offers services such as Netflix on its XBox video game console, intends to produce its own content later this year for its 40 million subscribers, said Nancy Tellem, a former CBS entertainment president who joined Microsoft last year to run its fledging Hollywood production studio.
"We're not as constrained as other content creators," Tellem said at the AllThingsD conference. "We can produce something that's 10 minutes or an hour."
The XBox's benefit, Tellem said, is its interactivity. To generate added revenue, the service can sell tickets to concerts by stars of its comedies, or copies of the clothes worn by stars on red carpet events.
Deep-pocketed Apple Inc (NSQ:AA (NSQ:INTC) (NYS:TWX) HBO premium service, don't seem particularly worried.
"Hulu and Amazon will be just another 200 hours on top of the 145,000 hours that are already available to the consumer," said HBO president Eric Kessler. "What matters is that our content is exclusive. If you want 'Game of Thrones,' there is only one place you can get it."
(Reporting By Ronald Grover and Lisa Richwine in Los Angeles and Alistair Barr in San Francisco; Editing by M.D. Golan)EDIT: I don't know why the code is all on a single line. Even after I edit the post to correct the format, the code still reverts to a single line. Blah.Hi folks.Below is sample code from a book that I am working through. Why does the program work when there is no "" around the mode?if ((fopen(filename, r) == NULL)) doesn't work, so why does the below program work?Thanks in advance.Code:/* Demonstrates the fopen() function. */#include #include int main( void ){ FILE *fp; char ch, filename[40], mode[4]; while (1) { /* Input filename and mode. */ printf("\nEnter a filename: "); gets(filename); printf("\nEnter a mode (max 3 characters): "); gets(mode); /* Try to open the file. */ if ( (fp = fopen( filename, mode )) != NULL ) { printf("\nSuccessful opening %s in mode %s.\n", filename, mode); fclose(fp); puts("Enter x to exit, any other to continue."); if ( (ch = getc(stdin)) == 'x') break; else continue; } else { fprintf(stderr, "\nError opening file %s in mode %s.\n", filename, mode); puts("Enter x to exit, any other to try again."); if ( (ch = getc(stdin)) == 'x') break; else continue; } } return 0;}<![if !vml]>
<![endif]>
May 2, 2007 by email
To: Jim Handley – Coordinator, GIS certificate program
Nishele Lenards – Coordinator, Medical Dosimetry certificate program
Barbara Rusterholz – Coordinator, French Studies certificate program
Helen Kowalski – Coordinator, Middle School Mathematics certificate program
From: Elizabeth J. Hitch, Provost and Vice Chancellor for Academic Affairs
Bill Colclough, Interim Provost Designee
Re: Certificate Program Report Requested
In 2002, Faculty Senate approved a two-year pilot program for certificate programs. The pilot program requested annual reviews of each certificate program. However, the mechanism for triggering these reviews was not identified and the review process was never initiated. This year, Faculty Senate asked the Academic Priorities Committee (APC) chaired by Rob Wolf, Finance, to review the pilot guidelines. The APC chose to review the current certificate programs as a first step in reviewing the processes. The APC requests that you complete a report and submit it to the Provost’s Office by September 14, 2007. The Provost’s Office will forward the reports to the APC for action. The standards for certificate programs and methods for initial approval are outlined in the document “Guidelines for Certificate Programs at the University of Wisconsin – La Crosse: A Two-Year Pilot,’ available at. The original description of the process reads as follows:
The report will detail, among, other things, how many certificates were awarded in the previous year; planned changes in the following year; the results of course program assessments completed by participants in the preceding year; the program staffing pattern (Are regular UW-L faculty teaching extra? How many and who? Is this adversely or positively affecting the regular curriculum? Are ad hoc teachers being hired specifically to teach the courses in the certificate program? How many and who? Are non-academic practitioners being hired? How many and who?).
However, for the report due in September, please follow the elaborated questions provided by APC and shown below.
1. Provide a statement of purpose for the program.
2. Identify any non-university entity involved in the certificate program.
3. State the number of certificates awarded in each year since inception.
4. Identify any known demographics regarding the students in the program (age, gender, ethnicity, race, full-time employment status).
5. Identify any planned changes in the certificate program and the timeline for making those changes.
6. Provide the results of course program assessments completed by participants in the past years.
7. Identify the resources expended in offering the program and the sources for those funds.
8. Provide a table or calendar of the pattern and timing of the courses involved.
9. Identify the way the program is staffed.
· Are regular UW-L faculty teaching extra? How many and who? Is this adversely or positively affecting the regular curriculum?
· Are ad hoc teachers being hired specifically to teach the courses in the certificate program? How many and who?
· Are non-academic practitioners being hired? How many and who?).
Neither APC nor the Provost’s Office wishes for this report to be an onerous task. Please answer the questions to the best of your ability. After APC has reviewed these reports, and the report from Continuing Education regarding the non-credit certificates, they may choose to invite representatives of any certificate programs to discuss the programs with them.
Finally, given that several of you recently went through the process of creating a certificate program, any commentary on the guidelines would be helpful to the committee. Thank you.
cc: Rafique Ahmed – Chair of Geography & Earth Science Department
Ruthann Benson – Interim Dean of the College of Liberal Studies designee
Don Campbell – Director of Continuing Education and Extension
Peggy Denton – Chair of Health Professions Department
Karen McLean – Dean of the College of Science and Health
Betsy Morgan – Faculty Intern to the Provost
Bruce Riley – Chair of Mathematics Department
Don Socha – Chair of Modern Languages Department
Carmen Wilson – Chair, Faculty Senate
Rob Wolf, Chair of Academic Priorities Committee
<![if !vml]>
<![endif]>Hold your Margarita: Tequila Leaves Environmental Hangover
Photo: Rick Audet.
Tequila has been present in TreeHugger before, whether it's because we noted how farmers were replacing agave crops with corn, or how Australians were trying to make ethanol out of it.
But this one's different, and may just hit you if you're an environmentalist and a big fan of this drink. A report by Emilio Godoy on Tierramerica calls attention to the unsustainable practices in the production of tequila, which involve massive use of water, irresponsible discharge of wastewater on soils, and degradation of forests.
Keep reading for the dirty details.
The Dirty Footprint of Tequila Production
According to specialists from the University of Guadalajara and the Mexican Academy of Sciences consulted by Tierramerica, tequila leaves a bitter taste on water and soil.
Obtaining a liter of this beverage, which comes from the distillation of sugar from the blue agave plant, takes at least 10 liters of water. But that's not it: the contaminated wastewater resulting from the process is discharged -most times without treatment- into streams and rivers.
Other byproducts of every bottled liter of tequila are five kilograms of agave pulp and 7 to 10 liters of 'vinaza' or distillation waste. The latter is acidic and has a kind of oil that makes the soil impermeable. It is usually dumped on lands at high temperatures, making them useless for agriculture. No need to say that it goes deep into the ground and can contaminate water sources too.
Blue agave, the plant used to make tequila. Photo: Jay8085.
Even when the Mexican Ministry of Environment has introduced regulations to set limits on the toxic levels allowed on waste and vinaza, few distilleries are following them. Tierramerica states:.
One more problem that comes with the increased consume and production of tequila is the degradation of forests. As demand raises, farmers are extending their cultives onto protected areas. This is already happening at the El Nixticuil forest, according to Save the Forest Committee.
Any sustainable solutions at sight? Few.
Some factories are neutralizing the acidity on wastewater, cooling down vinaza before throwing it, and producing compost with agave pulp. Fortunately, there are also two plants to treat vinaza that will begin operating in 2010.
But it's a long way to go, though, as that will certainly not be enough for Mexico's 118 tequila factories, which produce 48 million liters of the beverage in just four months.
More on the subject at Tierramerica:
Tequila Leaves Environmental Hangover
More on Green Drinking:
Where to Get Green Cocktail Supplies
All-Natural Margarita on Cinco de Mayo
Green Drinks - Should You Shop For Organic Spirits?THE NSW State Emergency Service (SES) is urging everyone to stay storm safe this Christmas season, amidst the threat of severe storms to continue throughout summer.
The Bureau of Meteorology has predicted up to 100 storms will affect the state and the SES has already been responding to damaging storms in many areas of NSW.
Since the storm season began in October, SES volunteers have been called out to about 2,448 storm and flood jobs.
NSW SES deputy region controller Macquarie Region Phil Lalor said it was important for people to be extra vigilant over summer.
"With more people on the roads during the festive period it's vital that people remember to drive to the conditions in rough weather," he said.
"Delaying your travel plans until the weather clears is always your safest option."
Holiday-makers in particular, he said, should also be aware of the weather forecast in their area and have an emergency plan ready if a severe storm hits.
"Rivers, creeks and streams can rise quickly during storms so it's important particularly for campers to be aware of the conditions and move out of the area if bad weather sets in.
"By using a bit of common sense, you and your family can have a safe and enjoyable Christmas and New Year.
"If you come across a flooded road on your travels, don't drive through it."
He urged people to start preparing their homes and businesses now to limit the amount of damage suffered in a storm.
Some simple ways to prepare for an emergency include cleaning gutters and downpipes, trimming overhanging branches and securing or putting away loose items around the yard and balcony.
Preparing an emergency kit in case of a power shortage was also useful in case residents need to leave in a hurry.
Vehicles should be parked undercover or away from trees and power lines in an emergency.
For emergency assistance in a storm, call the NSW SES on 132 500.
Dial triple-0 in life-threatening situations.Whale Watching Vancouver, British Columbia - Wild Whales Vancouver is the only dedicated whale-watching company operating directly from downtown Vancouver, British Columbia. The staff are pleased to be embarking on their eleventh season of operation.
Go whale watching on your vacation! A whale watch is a great activity for any traveler. Meet the gentle giants of the sea on our whale tours in Vancouver Vancouver British Columbia offer an unforgettable experience and are great for children and families. Help protect and save the whales by educating yourself on our whale watching cruises. Browse our whale watching in Vancouver British Columbia and plan your vacation today!26 West Beach Lagoon
From $623 / night
Description from the manager
- House
- 5 bedrooms
- 5 bathrooms
- Sleeps 17
Bedrooms: 5
Bathrooms: 5
Sleeps: 17
Type: House26 West Beach Lag ...Read more
About the manager
About the manager
Beach Properties of Hilton Head
Beach Properties of Hilton Head
- Response rate n/a
- Response time n/a
- Calendar updated today
- Overall rating4.5 / 5.0 based on 1,965 reviews and 317 properties
Map
26 WestHappy »
Page 44 of 76 »
Sound Advice
Galactic
• Baltimore Noise Punk foursome Dope Body introduced itself to the Indie Rock world with the donkey punch that was last year’s Nupping, the band’s first full-length. The group returned this year with the Natural History album on Drag City, on which a chaotic barrage of guitar harmonics, muscular drum/bass pummeling and howling vocals combine.After an appearance at The Comet earlier this spring, Dope Body returns to Cincy tonight for a free, 10 p.m. show at MOTR Pub in Over-the-Rhine. Brooklyn trio Call of the Wild opens the show. Check videos from both acts below. • Singer/songwriter James McMurtry (son of successful author Larry) performs tonight at the Southgate House Revival in Newport. The Americana song stylist kicked his career off in 1989 with his debut Too Long in the Wasteland and has continued to make album after album of modern Roots songs, which often showcase his deft lyrical ability (something perhaps in his blood). McMurtry has been celebrated for the short story style of writing, though in recent years he's addressed political issues for frequently and directly. His 2005 song "We Can't Make It Here" fit the Occupy movement's message so perfectly, he gave it away as a free download when the movement began, then re-recorded it with Steve Earle and Joan Baez for inclusion on the Occupy Wall Street benefit compilation, Occupy This Album. You can hear that version below. (Read more about McMurtry in Brian Baker's preview from this week's CityBeat here.)McMurtry performs tonight at the new Southgate with his band, which at one time was dubbed "The Heartless Bastards," until some bratty kids from Cincinnati stole it for their own and have been using it quite successfully. Locals Monkeytonk open at 8 p.m. Tickets are $25. • Canadian ElectroPop star Valerie Anne Poxleitner — who legally changed her name to Lights when she turned 18 and has performed under the moniker ever since — comes to the 20th Century Theatre in Oakley tonight for an 8 p.m. show. Tickets are $18. Canadian AltRock group Arkells opens the show. Similar to Robyn's approach, Lights' sound is a mix of more vintage Synth Pop, modern Electronic styles (yes, including Dubstep) and straight-up, ready-for-Top-40-radio Pop. Lights is a bonafide Pop star in Canada, with her albums, EPs and singles selling chart-worthy numbers, and though she has a faithful following in the U.S., she hasn't matched the same level of airplay, exposure and sales. Yet. Lights' sound has an ear-grabbing quality that could make her a chart and radio fixture in the States in an instant. Here's Lights' latest single from 2011's Siberia, "Timing Is Everything." Click here for even more live music events in Greater Cincinnati tonight.
Tweet.
Thank you Dr. Alessandro for your acknowledgment…
Being from India and working in Health Promotion in a urban capital city I can see the transition in the lifestyle of people…
But after reading your views i can see the quest for quality of life in Australia…
I am just wondering how difficult it is to control and prevent the changes in peoples lifestyle and environment all at the same time…
Its like stopping / controlling / regulating the process of Developing to Developed…
As a global health specialist can you throw some light on this…
Regards
Dhiraj Kaveri
Health Promoter
A very nice article showing briefly how our lifestyle are ruining our planet and also our health. There is indeed a strong relationship between staying healthy and having less carbon footprint.
An afterthought.
Is it not an effect of globalisation and urbanization.
Thanks Dhiraj Kaveri,
Your insights are absolutely correct. Urbanisation and globalisation are both driving forces behind climate change and NCDs. The world is more urban than not, for the first time in history, and how we handle this is of extreme social, economic, environmental and health importance.
“By investing in ways to make healthier, less-processed food more affordable we reduce the carbon-intensiveness of our diets but are also likely to see a reduction in diet-related diabetes and heart disease.” Are you talking about a whole food, plant-based diet? I only became cognizant recently about the connection in this Age of the Anthropocene between our individual diet choices (even if we can’t choose), the typical Western diet and our impact on the planet and so hope these issues surface above the radar (in the radar?) sooner rather than later.
Hi Alessandro – I enjoyed reading this article and agree with a number of your points. I wonder if you think ‘nudging’ and voluntary commitments from business can be enough to tackle these problems (cf.). I personally think that properly dealing with either problem would require governments to put much more stringent regulations on industries that are contributing. Solely emphasising behavioural and lifestyle changes, as they always seem keen to do seems unlikely to tackle the issues at source and shifts all of the blame onto individuals, reinforcing the ‘moral crisis’ concept Jacqueline mentioned.
One aspect that I think is particularly interesting with regards to how we tackle these two (inter-related) problems is a political one: both the fossil fuel and the food industry are extremely powerful and politically influential, and both currently make a significant amount from their contributions to these two problems so will lobby extremely vocally and with great determination against anything that could harm their short term profits – even though we would all benefit from a healthier, more sustainable world in the longer term.
Unfortunately, as I’m sure you’re aware, public health advocacy is quite poorly funded in much of the world, there is relatively little public engagement in either issue and a lack of transparency around political lobbying and donations from business, so I think it’s going to be a very difficult task to have a big enough effect in the face of such big corporate interests.
Sorry this is a bit negative! If we could manage to create environments conducive to health and sustainable living around the world of course that’d be incredible, but I also think there are some very wealthy and powerful groups who are strongly opposed to that happening and I don’t think that’s said perhaps as much as it could/should be. I’d be interested to hear your thoughts anyway!
Well put, Jacquelyn
There are some good ideas here, but the post oversimplifies what I think is a much more complex problem. Additionally, it comes pretty close to fat-phobia. I’ve even seen articles blaming climate change ON obese people, for consuming more calories (unlike, you know, runners or body builders). The article you link says the WHO defines NCD’s as cancers, cardiovascular diseases, chronic respiratory diseases and diabetes. Your headline, on the other hand, misleadingly labels the culprit as obesity. The two are not synonymous. Obesity is a complex disease that is a byproduct of a lot of factors, only two of which are diet and activity (increasing evidence points to the importance of environmental factors, like BPA, for example). Meanwhile, poverty plays a complex role, and there is lots of evidence that poor people may have a much lower carbon footprint than the wealthy or middle class who may have access to better food options.
I AM okay with you saying that health problems directly linked to poor food and a lack of walkability — and NCD’s– can be helped by some of the same strategies as those we’ll use to target climate change. However, again, the story is much more complex than you portray, especially when it comes to calorie efficiency and food production and transport. Just be careful not to veer into labeling obesity as a moral crisis, please.
Thanks for your reply Jacquelyn. You make some very good points and I would clarify two in particular.
Firstly, this is indeed a simplification of the issue as it aims to simply introduce and spark a thought in readers’ minds.
I would also fully support the notion that labeling obesity as a moral crisis is not only unethical and unfair, but also likely to yield little in terms of solutions or progress. Please read this, an earlier article where I make my thoughts clear:Feb 02, 2014 The Community Times Team Education Comments Off
Despite the importance of education in the advancement of any nation, it is one of the weakest points in Egypt. In a culture that numbs its children’s capabilities and bound their potentials by only depending on memorization to excel, we end up having a generation that memorizes everything but knows nothing.
The students’ capacity of memorization is their only means to succeed in the education system, the more they memorize, the better are their grades, yet the weaker the caliber. The system unfortunately depends on a very standardized assessment and ignores any chance of mind opening. It doesn’t take into consideration the students’ different interests, strengths or the diverse needs of the learners. It also doesn’t help students understand the depth of what they learn, nor visualize the experiments that might add so much joy to the taught material as well as ease the learning experience.
In an attempt to liberate the learning process in Egypt; a group of young people gave birth to Tahrir Academy in February 2012; an Egyptian tech-powered NGO that aims to be a non-traditional learning destination. As the name suggests, Tahrir academy is an online collaborative learning platform launched as a “revolution against the traditional concept of knowledge”. It aims to revamp the entire education process; be it teachers, students, environment and even the curriculum itself. It is an outcome product of Nabadat Foundation; a non-profit organization that fights poverty, improves education and increases political and human-rights awareness through utilizing technology and Internet. Their mission is to “foster community-based learning by promoting a culture of knowledge-sharing through the power of the Internet,” says Seif Abou Zaid, Nabadat Co-founder and CEO of Tahrir Academy.
The academy provides knowledge and information in an attractive, innovative and accessible manner. It has the goal of becoming the largest video library online, facilitating learning in all fields for everyone in need. The team is working on collecting and preparing a huge virtual library of educational videos covering a wide array of topics for ages 3 to 18 years old and the 18 -35 age bracket as well. The sole purpose of the videos is to ease the learning process and facilitate comprehension of the tough sections in different syllabi. It encourages students to focus on understanding rather than memorizing as well as acquiring the ability to analyze better. As per Abou Zaid, the team wishes that their efforts result in creating a generation of knowledge seekers, critical thinkers and future leaders.
It all started when Wael Ghonim was inspired by Salman Khan; the founder of Khan Academy “khanacademy.org” and wanted to replicate it in Egypt. Ghonim called Abou Zaid and asked him to join the team and build the project. So he laid the foundation for almost everything; including recruiting the team, setting up the operational model and co-creating the strategic plan for the Nabadat Foundation and Tahrir Academy as its main project, taking the project from the ground up.
According to him, the team is a group of active professionals with a vision to make a difference in Egypt. They decided to start where it matters most: education. They chose the name “Nabadat” for the foundation; the Arabic word for “pulses” to reflect their sole purpose.
Tahrir Academy’s philosophy is developed on the belief in open systems that thrive on contributions of all participants. They believe that one of life’s best rewards is sharing knowledge with those who thrive for it. They aspire to share their knowledge with every possible learner at their home whereever they are, even in underprivileged communities.
“We believe that it is very critical for Egypt’s future to empower a new generation of innovative citizens and to encourage them to think critically and act creatively. We believe that education is the most critical mean and is definitely the optimal long-term solution to today’s problems and tomorrow’s challenges. We believe that education is the solution; the way for a better future and the platform for a prosperous society and a developed community,” explains Abou Zaid.
The academy relies on a pool of volunteers from various backgrounds and age groups to design, review and deliver educational audio and visual content. They have published more than 100 educational videos on topics including physics, astronomy, grammar, and even chemical experiments entitled Ma’mal Al ‘Ouloum “Science Lab” for elementary and secondary school students.
According to Abou Zaid, “People are hungry for content and that is why the feedback was beyond expectation”. The launch and the academy has achieved enormous success in a very short time. In just one year, Tahrir Academy achieved unprecedented success reaching more than 3 million views on YouTube and more than 600 thousand fans on facebook with minimal advertising. They also have a robust team of 3500 volunteers who thrive to share their knowledge and pass their learning to a younger generation of learners.
However, the team faces many challenges; the most of which is changing the people’s mindset of putting too much focus on formal education. The culture of getting scores on the exam instead of acquiring real learning and building knowledge is the biggest challenge. People need to go after learning, acquire an understanding rather than depend on standard memorization. To create a big impact in the educational arena and witness a real change will require a lot of time and patience. Persistence is the least expected and passion is a must to keep the team going until they visualize the change they wish to the Egyptian education system.
“Tahrir Academy team has endless hopes. Having so much passion and belief in the importance of what they do, only the sky is their limit. Some of their three-year plan includes producing 5000 videos, as well as reach 100 million views on Youtube channel. They also, “Want to build a sustainable business model to cover Tahrir Academy’s financial needs,” adds Abou Zaid.
Anyone who has knowledge, time, resources or passion for sharing can contribute and volunteer to be part of this amazing team. It is never enough to respect and appreciate such efforts, but always important to give a hand whenever possible. This is one initiative that can change the country’s future and really support many students to learn and enjoy their studies.
May 12, 2015 Comments Off
Apr 29, 2014 Comments Off
Mar 09, 2014 Comments Off
Mar 03, 2014 Comments Off
#oysho #homewear - perfect for #kickingback #oyshomoment #oyshoegypt #printpantsNotes:
Along with the ESP technique to forecast is the need to verify model results. Reasons to verify forecasts include evaluation, product quality, and finding ways to improve the process. Because of the nature of ESP products, the verification method must use appropriate metrics. Verification also helps in showing the value of probabilistic products and shows potential user groups the usefulness of the ESP approach.Julian Dean Diary
Giro d?Italia ? Stage 2: Fight?Fight?Explode!
Today?s finish was a technical mess. We came down the coast to Tropea at 600 gazillion km/hr with every man and his dog quacking to be at the front. The last 4kms only got worse with a massive shit fight going on to be sure of a good position for the last 1km - 500m of which was uphill with three sharp turns.
I wasn't in too bad a position at the bottom of the short, sharp climb but I just wasn't strong enough to hold the position up the climb and lost, what felt like, 200 places up the 500m climb. I really crept up there. I?m feeling pretty bummed with my lack of strength. Normally that would have been a good finish for me. The climb wasn?t too unlike that in Athens last year when I flew up it?.It?s just so frustrating to know what your body can do but just not have had the necessary preparation to get it to do what it can do?
Other than the finish, the day was pretty interesting with nice vistas and a steady speed most of the day. The stage basically looped around the bottom of Italy, staying most of the day on the coast till we crossed back over.
Tomorrow is a little more straight forward running into the finish. We have 1 lap of a circuit but the last 4km are a straight run in.
JulianTurbo = Big power in small packagesComment on this story
Are South Africans ready to embrace tiny turbocharged engines in their cars? That’s the question Ford is asking with the introduction of a one-litre engine in its newly facelifted Fiesta, and the same one Renault will pose in two months’ time when it launches its new fourth-generation Clio here with a 900cc engine.
An engine-downsizing trend has been creeping into the market in recent years with the introduction of 1.2 and 1.4-litre turbos by firms such as VW/Audi, Opel and Peugeot. These small force-fed engines have proven themselves by having similar power outputs to larger normally-aspirated 1.6s or 1.8s – in fact usually better power at high altitude – with improved economy and C02 emissions.
But in a conservative local market still largely stuck in a cubic-capacity-is-king mindset, is a three-cylinder 900cc taking downsizing too far? Not according to Ford and Renault, who say kilowatt and torque outputs are what matter, whatever the hardware used to achieve them.
When you look at their spec sheets, you can’t help but agree.
The new three-cylinder one-litre turbo Ecoboost powering the updated Fiesta is an impressive piece of engineering that scooped the 2012 International Engine of the Year award.
From its tiny cubic capacity it pushes out a remarkable 92kW and 170Nm – outputs comparable to bigger normally-aspirated engines but with far better fuel economy and emissions, at a claimed 4.3 litres per 100km and a CO2 figure of just 99g/km.
At a starting price of R211 200, however, the Ecoboost-powered Ford Fiesta doesn’t exactly qualify as budget transport.
Renault’s 900cc Clio is expected to be pegged in the more affordable R160 000-R180 000 range when it’s launched here in April.
The turbocharged three-cylinder unit to be fitted in 80 percent of the new Clio range musters credible outputs of 67kW and 135Nm – comparable to a non-turbo 1.4 or 1.5-litre engine but with a more budget-friendly consumption (4.5 litres per 100km) and planet-friendly emissions (99g/km).
It sounds marvellous, but the worry – even among tech-savvy early adopters – is how good-looking paper specs will translate into the real world of driving.
What if these tiny-engine terrors turn out to be buzzy, noisy things that have to be frantically revved to overcome heaps of turbo lag? And what is the lifespan of an engine that has to be worked so hard?
Our experience so far with 1.2 and 1.4-litre four-cylinder turbo cars has been nothing of the sort; they’ve all hustled along briskly and quietly at normal revs with minimal lag, with generally good consumption.
We’ll be getting our first crack at driving the Ecoboost-powered Ford at the facelifted Fiesta’s South African media launch as you read this; look out for our driving impressions soon. -Tuition and Fees at Western
Below are estimated costs for a first-year student living on campus for fall and spring semesters (summer is excluded). All students who are residents of Colorado are eligible to receive a stipend from the College Opportunity Fund, which is reflected in the tuition for Colorado residents shown below. *
Direct Costs for Fall/Spring 2015-2016
Full-time tuition rates are based on 15 credits a semester. Part-time tuition rates are $243.50 per credit hour for Colorado residents and $702.00 per credit hour for out-of-state students, plus applicable fees. For a breakdown of tuition and fees cost per credit hour, click here for Colorado residents and here for Out-of-State Students.
Note on Cost of Attendance
The amounts listed above represent only direct costs to the student including tuition, fees, room and board. The cost of attendance (an estimate of costs and fees associated with typical college costs) may include other, indirect education expenses such as books and supplies that are not specifically billed to the student. Students should plan to budget for books, supplies and other personal/indirect expenses.
Students may be awarded financial aid up to the direct and indirect cost of attendance minus any resources already awarded including scholarships awarded by third-party/private entities.
Waiving Optional Fees
Written consent is required to waive the optional Renewable Energy Fee, Mountaineer Field House Fee and Scholarly Activity Fee at the beginning of each semester. This can be done in person at the Cashier’s Office or email cashiers@western.edu requesting one or all fees to be waived. The deadline to waive optional fees is census or the last day of the drop period for each semester (2.5 weeks after the first day of classes). Make sure to include your name and student ID number..Sprint Nextel <S.N> posted a wider quarterly loss, reflecting the higher costs of selling Apple Inc's <AAPL.O> iPhone. Plus its subscriber growth fell short of expectations, which sent the company's shares down 3.7 percent.
The addition of the iPhone to Sprint's lineup during the quarter did not win the company as many subscribers as Wall Street expected.
"There was nothing in the quarter that gave people an indication it was time to buy the stock," said BTIG analyst Walter..
Its margin based on operating earnings before interest, depreciation and amortization (OIBDA) Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Sprint forecast full-year net service revenue growth of 4 percent to 6 percent and forecast 2012 adjusted OIBDA between $3.7 billion and $3.9 billion.
Its shares fell 9 cents, or 3.7 percent, to $2.36 in morning trading on New York Stock Exchange.
(Reporting by Sinead Carew; Editing by Derek Caney)... [More]... [More]
May... [More]
May... [More]
May 21, 2012 10:50 AM
We're sort of hoping that the elegantly fractured frame of this Ankara Chair with Cushion ($699) is totally uncomfortable. We think its chaotic geometry would make a deliciously distinct addition to our living rooms, and we'll be able to enjoy looking at it more if... [More]
May... [More]
May 15, 2012 8:55 AM
No, this image has not been digitally manipulated: the Shadow Chair ($961) is for real. The trick? Look a little closer and you'll see that the shadow is actually part of the chair. We think it'll be a fantastic way to convince your friends that... [More]
May 8, 2012 9:05 AM
What doubles as a place to rest your feet and also as a giant projectile? A Moroccan Pouf ($130). We plan on keeping this little cushion in our living room to serve as extra seating when friends come over and as ammunition during pillow fights.... [More]
May 4, 2012 8:30 AM
So much of our furniture seems to come in boxes - generally boxes with IKEA stamped on them somewhere. This Autoban Box Sofa ($6,775) takes the whole "stuff in a box" concept to a way cooler level. What looks like the backseat of a 1965... [More]
May... [More]
Apr 30, 2012 9:50 AM
We know where we'll be come May. Resting in our Kilauea Queen Hammock ($160). Made to hold up to 330 pounds, this hammock is sturdy enough to hold us, a friend, and a stack of magazines. That should tide us over until fall.... [More]
Apr 29, 2012 8:25 AM
How many evenings have we wished, after a long day of toil, that we could sink down into a nest of big, white, soft, fluffy pillows? Apparently, the brains over at Diesel and Italian furniture company Moroso were thinking the same thing, and created this... [More]
Apr 17, 2012 10:57 AM
Does it feel late to you? Maybe it's time for a little siesta, and what better place to take one than in this classic Acapulco Chair ($475)? Before you mistake it for just another trendy piece of lawn furniture, know that the Acapulco utilizes Mayan... [More]
Apr 5, 2012 11:05 AM
We 6, 2012 8:20 AM
We KNOW we are not the only ones who have a few too many old magazines lying around our apartment. We can't part with them. Honestly, most we just haven't had time to read. This rad Adjustable Storage Stool ($200) turns our hoarding magpie tendency... [More]
Mar.... [More]
Feb.... [More]
Feb:Hi there and welcome back. A very special (and, because of that, a rather late) edition this week as, instead of discussing some reported news over the last week, we’re going to make a little this time.
Panic! At The Disco have made what may be considered somewhat of a comeback. It’s tough to tell if the term applies, because they have been going strong since 2005. That year’s A Fever You Can’t Sweat Out came out of the gate strong and established the band’s name, but the subsequent Pretty. Odd. seemed to have the opposite effect as a result of an opposite sound.
The right cross of a sophomore jinx hit hard enough, but then the left hook followed: Panic! At The Disco lost half of its members when guitarist Ryan Ross and bassist Jon Walker left. Now a duo, frontman Brendon Urie and Spencer Smith were left with the unenviable task of carrying on at half-strength.
With the debut of the band’s new record, Vices & Virtues at #7 on the Billboard charts this week, their regrouping efforts seem to have paid off. Panic! is also heading back on the road where they can re-fortify their position in today’s music world.
On March 25, immediately after giving a preview of things to come on MTV’s “The Seven”, I got to chat with Panic!’s Spencer Smith via telephone. Smith was in New York and was gracious in chatting about the regrouping of the band, the fears they had coming off the last few year’s worth of ordeals, and where they stand now as a rejuvenated unit.
So how are you doing up there today?
Good, good. We’re doing some promo stuff here in New York. Some interviews and stuff like that. We just finished shooting a show for MTV where we did a song live on the air.
Very cool. Getting ready for the tour coming up, then? Are you in the midst of rehearsing for that?
We’re getting ready to do some of that stuff in the next couple weeks. We go over to the UK and Europe for a couple weeks starting May 1 and then we come back to the US starting May 20, and that goes through June. We’re planning some of the tour production and getting ready for the Europe and US tours.
Yeah, I saw on the website that the US run starts in Philadelphia on May 20 with fun., Foxy Shazam and Funeral Party.
Yeah, I think Funeral Party is on the tour when Foxy Shazam is not. Foxy is on the first three weeks, and then they drop off and Funeral Party is going to pick up where they drop off. I think this is the first time we know every band on the tour. I think it will be a cool way to go out because everybody on the tour is already good friends, so we’re looking forward to it.
Excellent. Now, I wanted to clarify something, if I could – of course, Ryan Ross and Jon Walker have left the band. Is Panic! At The Disco officially just a duo right now with just yourself and Brendon? And are there any other plans to expand the lineup again?
Yes, it is. We knew at the time we were doing [Vices & Virtues] that it was going to be just us. I think that relationship you have with other people, especially if you’re going to be writing, is a unique thing. You’ve got to make sure you have the right guys to go in and write a record with. We knew it would be just me and Brendon, but we have also left the option open to work with other people. We’ve been playing live with two friends of ours, Ian [Crawford, formerly of The Cab] and Dallon [Weekes, of The Brobecks] on guitar and bass, and both of those guys are coming from bands we love. So, as we continue to write now and on tour, I think we’re going to try that out and see how that goes, and potentially see how that goes when we get off the tour.
Oh, cool. That’s something else I was going to touch on was the writing of Vices & Virtues. It sounds to me like – and maybe this is because it was just the two of you – it sounds like there’s more focus to this one and that there’s more cohesion than the last one, Pretty. Odd. It has a flow that can really be appreciated in one good listen to the album. How was the writing dynamic with just yourself and Brendon having to put that together?
Thank you for checking that out! I think when we first started to write, we had an opportunity of a fresh start. A fresh take on how we were going to work. We wanted to spend a little bit of time trying out the way the dynamic would work, because we weren’t sure. Musically and melody-wise we’d always been a big part of the writing but lyrically, that was something that Brendon had to step up on and he wanted to make sure he was confident with his voice and what he wanted to say lyrically. There’s obviously a lot of stuff that has happened in the past few years that we wanted to touch on. We spent a couple months on that before we even considered recording anything, just recording demos, writing new stuff and working on demos we’d had for the past year or two. Once we got comfortable and excited about some of the new songs, we started to get to the studio and record some stuff, and it snowballed from there. We kept writing and writing and we wrote more songs for this record than we ever have for either of the other two. It’s nice because we have more for b-sides and bonus and stuff like that, but at the same time it was difficult for us to pick out our favorites to use for the record. At some point, we just had to say we were really happy with what we’ve got for the record and cut the ones we didn’t want, and we’re at this point now. It’s really exciting and we’re really glad to have it out.
With two albums under your belt and the way they were each received, were there any particular goals you two had set in making the new record? Did you feel as if there was something to prove just being a duo now, or was any of that even a factor in making Vices & Virtues?
Even though we were still Panic! At The Disco, we’ve also been fans of bands that had lineup changes or different things happen. As a fan, you’re looking at that knowing what occurred and you’re not 100% sure what’s going to come out since it’s not all the same people. We knew our fans would be looking at this as somewhat of a new beginning, so we wanted to show that we were capable of putting a record together that we were really excited about and that fans of the band previously would at least be interested in checking out. It’s nice to see a lot of those fans – even after being gone for a couple of years – are excited about the new album. That’s something that, even though we were excited about the new songs we were doing, we didn’t know if anyone would still be there and be interested in hearing them a couple of years later. It’s been really nice to see the reaction now and to get out on the road and play them.
Nice. Now, we touched on the tour a little bit already and the plans you have through summer. Is that part of a bigger tour cycle in the works, or is it a matter of taking it a step at a time?
As far as beyond the US tour, we’re figuring that out now. We have been talking about wanting to go to Australia in September and doing some festivals in Japan and Europe in August. We have breaks in-between them – July looks like we’ll be taking a nit of a break – but August and September are the big festival times. It’s cool to play those because you’re playing in front of people who may not have necessarily come to see you. You can play for fans that might not normally hear your music or see you perform.
Right, trying it out on a new set of eyes and ears and seeing how well it gets over.
Totally.
So, to wrap up here, what would you say is your favorite part of the whole process? Do you prefer writing the material, putting it down on record, or playing it on the road?
I have to say that, when you go on tour, it’s definitely the most stress-free. That’s where you have the surreal moments where you think you can’t believe you’re getting paid to do this. [Laughs.] You’re out there with your friends and you have to work for an hour or two a night if you don’t have interviews or any press to do that day. You get to just go on stage and play music. That’s definitely the most fun aspect, but you can’t get there without the work in the studio. I think it’s necessary to work just as hard or harder in the studio and really be passionate about that because that’s what you have to do to get to the fun part of it. At the same time, we do have a lot of fun in the studio. It’s just that, when you have a song you’ve been working on for three days and can’t finish a particular section you’ve been working on, it can get frustrating. But it’s all part of the job and it’s all pretty fun.Powered by Sidelines$263,000 Trulia Est.
-
- |
-
PUBLIC RECORD
5 Ariel Dr Middle Island, NY 11953
- Unspecified property type
- 2 Bedrooms
- 2 full Bathrooms
- 1,504 sqft
- Lot size: 4,792 sqft
- Built in 1995
- Edit Home Facts
Property Details for 5 Ariel Dr
Description provided by Trulia
5 Ariel Dr This is a property located at 5 Ariel Drive, Middle Island NY. 5 Ariel Dr has 2 beds, 2 baths, and approximately 1,504 square feet. The property was built in 1995. 5 Ariel Dr is in the 11953 ZIP code in Middle Island, NY. The average list price for ZIP code 11953 is $266,951.
Public Records for 5 Ariel Dr
Official property, sales, and tax information from county (public) records as of 10/2014:
- Residential (General) (Single)
- 1,504 sqft
- Stories: 1 story
- 6 Rooms
- County: Suffolk
- 2 Bedrooms
- Lot Size: 4,792 sqft
- Heating: Forced air unit
- Basement: No Basement
- Tax Rate Code Area: 472212
- 2 Bathrooms
- Built In 1995
- Exterior Walls: Siding (Alum/Vinyl)
- Style: Ranch/Rambler
See businesses, schools, and crimes near this home
Property Taxes and Assessment for 5 Ariel Dr
Source: Public Records
Estimates around 5 Ariel Dr
- Home Estimates for 5 Ariel DrDell and China Mobile on Monday offered up more details about the Dell Mini 3i smartphone, which will be going on sale in China later this month.
The.
Under the hood, the device is running China Mobile's OPhone software, a customized version of Google's Android operating system.
Like other Android phones, the Mini 3i will provide access to an online store, in this case, China Mobile's Mobile Market, where people can download apps, games, wallpaper, and ringtones. Users will be able to run different widgets on the home screen to keep on top of the news, weather, stock prices, and sports scores.
Dell said it has been collaborating with China Mobile for about a year on the development of the phone. The two companies teamed up earlier in the year to integrate a 3G data card for Dell's Inspiron Mini 10 netbook for the Chinese market. With more than 500 million customers, China Mobile is the world's largest mobile service provider, according to Dell.
Dell was initially mum on details when it first mentioned the Mini 3i about 10 days ago. But the company did reveal that China Mobile and Brazil's Claro would be the first global providers to carry its new smartphone.
Like China Mobile, Brazil's Claro boasts a huge subscriber base, with 42 million customers in Brazil alone. By selling the Mini 3i through both providers, Dell can potentially capture a much larger mobile audience than it could through any U.S. carriers.
Arriving in China Mobile stores by the end of November, the Mini 3i will shortly thereafter be sold directly from Dell. For those interested in color schemes, the Mini 3i will be available in Red Passion and Oiled Bronze--the image below shows the Red Passion treatment:
>
Extended Stay Deluxe
Search
Extended Stay Deluxe Hotels in Livingston NJ
Extended Stay Deluxe Livingston properties are provided below. Search for cheap and discount Extended Stay Deluxe
hotel rates in Livingston, NJ
for your business gathering or personal travels. We list the best Extended Stay Deluxe Livingston hotels so you can review the Livingston Extended Stay Deluxe hotel list below to find the perfect place. This technology will show you discounted Livingston, NJ hotels that have similar quality of Extended Stay Deluxe.
Need a weekly rate?
Get hotel bids for your long term stay in Living NJ
Turtle Back Zoo
The Mall at Short Hills
East Hanover, NJ hotels/motels
Hotels near Seton Hall University
Morristown Municipal Airport (MMU)
Drew University lodging
East Orange
Morris Museum hotels/motels
Hotels close to Frelinghuysen Arboretum
Columbus Hospital hotels/motels
Hotels near Acorn Hall
UMD NJ University Hospital lodging
Hotels close to Washington's Headquarters Museum
Hotels near Cathedral of the Sacred Heart
Newark Museum hotels
Newark Beth Israel Medical Center hotels
Schuyler Hamilton House
Morristown City Hall lodging
Parsippany Main Library
New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) hotels
Catholic Church of the Assumption
Hotels near Community Theater
Hotels close to Essex County College
Gallery Aferro lodging
Hotels near Macculloch Hall
Newark Public Library hotels
Riverfront Stadium
City Without Walls hotels/motels
Newark Lincoln Park
First Baptist Church hotels/motels
Red Saw Gallery
Aljira A Center for Contemporary Art
Hotels near Newark City Hall
Military Park hotels/motels
Newark Symphony Hall hotels
Hotels close to N J Historical Society
New Jersey Institute of Tech hotels
New Jersey Performing Arts Center
Parkside Dialysis Center hotels/motels
Downtown Newark hotels
Show All
Know your city?
East Hanover Hotels and Reviews
West Orange accommodations
Short Hills NJ Hotels
Florham Park NJ Hotels
Summit NJ Hotels
Caldwell NJ Hotels
Maplewood Hotels/Motels
South Orange, NJ Lodging
Pine Brook, NJ Lodging
Madison, NJ Lodging
Chatham, NJ
Springfield, NJ
Whippany, NJ Hotels
East Orange, NJ Hotels
Irvington, NJ Hotels
Montclair Hotels/Motels
Hanover, NJ Lodging
Bloomfield NJ
Fairfield Hotels/Motels
Parsippany NJ
New Providence NJ
Kenilworth, NJ Hotels
Mountainside, NJ
Morristown, NJ Lodging
Newark, NJ Lodging
Harrison, NJ
Morris Plains, NJ Hotels
Westfield NJ Hotels
Cranford Hotels/Motels
Clifton, NJ Lodging
Wayne Hotels/Motels
Totowa Hotels/Motels
Lyndhurst NJ Hotels
Elizabeth, NJ Lodging
Denville Hotels/Motels
Linden, NJ Lodging
Rutherford, NJ Hotels
The Meadowlands, NJ Hotels
Fanwood, NJ Hotels
Passaic Hotels/Motels
Clark, NJ Hotels
East Rutherford accommodations
Paterson Hotels/Motels
North Plainfield accommodations
Carlstadt, NJ Hotels
Rahway, NJ
Pompton Plains NJ Hotels
Union City Hotels and Reviews
Elmwood Park Hotels and Reviews
Basking Ridge, NJ
Show All
Nearby Zip Codes
07039, Livingston
0.55 mi
07068, Hotel
2.23 mi
07052, West Orange
3.00 mi
07936 Lodging
3.06 mi
07078 Lodging
3.30 mi
07021, Hotel
3.34 mi
07932 Hotels
3.94 mi
07007 Lodging
4.14 mi
07079, Hotel
4.20 mi
07040 Lodging
4.50 mi
07050 Hotels/Motels
4.70 mi
07041 Hotels/Motels
4.72 mi
07051 Lodging
4.73 mi
07006, Caldwell
4.76 mi
07044 Hotels
5.01 mi
07088 Hotels
5.31 mi
07902 Hotels/Motels
5.46 mi
07058 Hotels
5.49 mi
07042 Hotels
5.61 mi
07999, Hotel
5.62 mi
07981 Hotels/Motels
5.63 mi
07940 Lodging
5.67 mi
07901, Summit
5.71 mi
07106, Hotel
5.75 mi
07018 Hotels
5.82 mi
07017 Lodging
6.04 mi
07028 Hotels/Motels
6.14 mi
07054 Hotels
6.15 mi
07019 Hotels
6.20 mi
07081, Springfield
6.28 mi
07961, Hotel
6.40 mi
07111, Hotel
6.46 mi
07004 Lodging
6.47 mi
07928, Hotel
6.63 mi
07009 Hotels/Motels
6.64 mi
07003 Hotels
7.11 mi
07083, Union
7.12 mi
07034, Hotel
7.16 mi
07107, Newark
7.19 mi
07184 Hotels/Motels
7.21 mi
Show All
More Brands
Best Western Hotels
Candlewood Suites, Livingston
Comfort Inns Hotels
Country Inns By Carlson Hotels in Livingston
Courtyard by Marriott in Livingston
Crowne Plaza Hotels
Days Inn, Livingston
Doubletree
Econo Lodge in Livingston
Embassy Suites
Fairfield Inn by Marriott
Four Seasons
Hampton Inn Hotels in Livingston
Hilton Garden Inn in Livingston
Hilton and Resorts, Livingston
Holiday Inn Hotels
Homewood Suites By Hilton, Livingston
Howard Johnson
Hyatt and Resorts
Hyatt Place in Livingston
Intercontinental and Resorts
Quality Inns Hotels
Radisson, Livingston
Ramada in Livingston
Red Roof Inns
Renaissance, Livingston
Residence Inn by Marriott Hotels
Sheraton and Resorts, Livingston
Sleep Inns Hotels in Livingston
Wyndham in Livingston
Show All
SearchSuite Adventures
Stay tuned for information on the Suite Style Adventure to…
The Stanley Park Christmas Train
December 8th 2012!
Buy a ticket online today for December 8th at 9:30pm. Also, grab the Old Spaghetti Factory dinner special as we will be hitting that up together before the exciting Train Ride.
Details can be found here:
Suite Adventures is a joint initiative with all the suite style residences at UBC. Gage, Thunderbird, Fraser Hall, Fairview and Marine Drive residences all take part to go on a new and exciting adventure every 2 weeks throughout the term!Celebrity News Jan. 24, 2012 | Early Edition
Watch the Lyric Video For Justin Timberlake's New "Suit & Tie"
Like us on Facebook
- Check out Justin Timberlake's new video for "Suit & Tie" — E! Online
- James Franco addresses gay rumors — HuffPost Celebrity
- Adrienne Maloof opens up about her relationship with Rod Stewart's son — People
- Adele steps out ahead of her Grammy performance — Lainey Gossip
- Saying goodbye to 30 Rock — The Daily Beast
- Lance Armstrong gets sued over doping admission — Hollywood Reporter
- Kanye West's latest fashion look — BuzzFeed
- Josh Duhamel to host the Kids' Choice Awards — TooFab
- Britney Spears wants a Les Misérables/"Toxic" mashup — ET
- Will Parker win the box office this weekend? — Rotten Tomatoes
- Bethenny Frankel's divorces gets more aggressive — Us Weekly
- Kim Kardashian channels Charlize Theron — Wonderwall
- New Rosie Huntington-Whiteley lingerie ads — The Frisky
- Could Robert Pattinson be the next James Bond? — CelebitchyNovember 2011
Province invests in innovative companies
Nova Scotia announced 35 additional businesses that are working with universities and colleges to increase productivity. Acadia is proud to partner with local businesses.Learn more… Province invests in innovative companies
Cummins Named CIS Coach of the Year
Acadia’s Jeff Cummins was named the footbal lcoach of the year in Canadian Interuniversity Sport by his peers Vancouver on Friday.Learn more… Cummins Named CIS Coach of the Year
Axemen honoured by Canadian Interuniversity Sport
Axemen student athletes Squires, Wade, and Thomas were named CIS Football All-Canadians November 24 at a Vancouver awards ceremony.Learn more… Axemen honoured by Canadian Interuniversity Sport
Acadia researcher reports on stalled child poverty reduction
Lesley Frank authored a report released today that shows the child poverty rate in Nova Scotia has actually increased, despite a 22-year-old federal government promise to reduce it. Read the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives-Nova Scotia report.Learn more… Acadia researcher reports on stalled child poverty reduction
Silver Named Science Champion at 2011 Discovery Awards
Acadia's Director of Computer Science, Dr. Danny Silver, has been named Science Champion at the 2011 Discovery Awards for Science and Technology.Learn more… Silver Named Science Champion at 2011 Discovery Awards
Researchers find birds deposit pollutants from oceans to land
Acadia University biology researchers have discovered sea birds are depositing contaminants on land that they've picked from food sources in the ocean. CBC ReportLearn more… Researchers find birds deposit pollutants from oceans to land
Inuit elder Peter Irniq brings his wisdom to Wolfville
Inuit elder Peter Irniq (HON ’06) brought his humble wisdom to Acadia University recently, telling his audience that whatever happens in the Arctic happens here. novanewsnow.com reportLearn more… Inuit elder Peter Irniq brings his wisdom to WolfvillePalisade voters have final say on dispensary
After sweeping through Colorado, the medicinal marijuana controversy battle now lies in Palisade.
Voters will decide whether to require Palisade’s only medical marijuana dispensary to charge a $5 sales tax. They may also decide to shut the dispensary down.
If passed, Referred Measure 2A will set a $5 tax on any transaction at dispensaries in Palisade.
Effective Jan. 1, 2012, the levy would generate revenue going directly to Palisade.
Jesse Loughman is the co-owner of the medical marijuana dispensary in Palisade, Colorado Alternative Health.
He said that his clients aren’t necessarily happy about the tax.
“At the same time, it’s a lot cheaper to pay $5 and come here than it would be to drive all the way to Rifle.”
Palisade residents differ on Measure 2A. Some believe the tax would decrease purchases.
“They might as well tax and discourage it. There’s no need for that in our community,” said Doug Stassen.
Though Measure 2A will bring consequences to Colorado Alternative Health if passed, Loughman recognizes some positive, potential outcomes of the levy.
“It’s unfortunate that we might have to tax the people that are sick, but at the same time, in this economy, if this is something that can fiscally help the town of Palisade, then I think it’s a good thing, too,” he said.
The second ordinance, Measure 2B, started as a petition to outlaw dispensaries. It would ban the establishment and operation of medical marijuana dispensaries in Palisade.
The group behind the fight is Safe and Healthy Mesa County, led by Diane Cox.
Its members are concerned that dispensaries encourage drug use and endanger the community by increasing crime and drug addiction.
Loughman disagrees.
“I think it’s unfortunate that we’ve gotten to this point. We’ve shown that this can be done right in the community. There hasn’t been one problem since day one.”
Some Palisade residents agree with him.
“I don’t think they should be shut down,” said James Purpus. “There are people who need it for medical uses, and they have the right to operate just like any other business.”
Kaitlin Lewis is a senior at Fruita Monument High School and is reporting on election issues for The Daily Sentinel in conjunction with Kids Voting of Mesa County.Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric K. Shinseki announced this week the award of nearly $60 million in homeless prevention grants that will serve approximately 22,000 homeless and at-risk veteran families as part of the new Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF) program.
This initial $60 million award will serve veteran families at 85 nonprofit community agencies in 40 states and the District of Columbia under VA’s new homeless prevention initiative.
“This new homeless prevention program will provide additional comprehensive support to veterans who have served honorably, and now find themselves in a downward spiral toward despair and homelessness,” said and cell number is 946-6648.<br><br><div><span class="gmail_quote">On 6/16/07, <b class="gmail_sendername">David House</b> <<a href="mailto:dmhouse@gmail.com">dmhouse@gmail.com</a>> wrote:</span><blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0;margin-left:0.8ex;border-left:1px #ccc solid;padding-left:1ex"> Hugo Pacheco writes:<br> > test :: SomeClass a b => a -> b<br> > test 1 = True<br><br>>test, as you've written it, is only a function from Ints to Bools, not from any<br>>a to any b where SomeClass a b holds. It is true that SomeClass Int Bool is the <br>>only instance at the moment, but type classes are open and someone could come<br>>along and add another instance (perhaps even in a different module), like<br>>SomeClass () String, and your function promises to be able to deal with them; as <br>>you've written it, it can't.</blockquote><div><br class="webkit-block-placeholder"></div><div><br class="webkit-block-placeholder"></div><div>I've just promoted the test function to the class and it works the same, I missed it before. </div><div>However, haskell functions are partial. It could be generic and fail when some pattern does not exist as usual. </div><br> </div><br>Rumor Patrol: Stars Turn Down 'Most Fascinating People', Justin Bieber Retiring, More
December 28th, 2013 3:07pm EST
Justin Bieber Retires: For the second time in a week, Justin Bieber has announced his retirement. Following a radio interview in which he said he was quitting, Bieber went on Twitter and posted "My beloved beliebers I'm officially retiring," and, "The media talks a lot about me. They make a up a lot of lies and want me to fail but I'm never leaving you, being a belieber is a lifestyle." So is the teen ready to relax on a pile of cash for the rest of his years?
Verdict: False. Bieber is a notorious prankster - but even if he wasn't, we aren't going to believe (beliebe?) he's stopping until his music stops selling. The media may be a pain for the teen, but Bieber is here to stay.by Anne Field
Twenty-one years ago Jacqueline Novogratz took what she thought would be a three-week business trip to Rwanda. The stay not only ended up lasting two years but inspired her to invent a new form of philanthropy aimed at helping the world’s poor. Like the path traveled by any visionary—or entrepreneur—hers involved unforeseen twists and turns. Yet she maintained her passionate belief in the power of individuals to help the truly poor to help themselves. Along the way she found methods to reinforce that belief and turn it into reality.
Trained first as an international banker, a 25-year-old Novogratz was in Kenya helping launch a microfinance institution that gave small-business loans to poor women when a group of Rwandan women asked for similar help. She agreed and in the process decided to join a group of 20 poor women who were running a church-subsidized, money-losing bakery. By introducing new business processes, she was able to turn the bakery into a profitable enterprise within 6 months, boosting the women’s income and their self-respect.
For Novogratz, the added value was richer insight into economics. With her usual soft-spoken but rapid-fire intensity, she says, “I saw the power that markets can have to help bring people out of poverty, the discipline that running a business provides, and the pride that results from ownership.”
Those insights led this daughter of a former military officer and the oldest of seven siblings to apply to the Stanford Graduate School of Business, where she earned an MBA in 1991 and 10 years later formed her own venture, the Acumen Fund. Living in Manhattan now and working from Google’s Chelsea office building during the infrequent times she is not on the road, Novogratz describes her creation as a “philanthropic venture capital fund.” A ground-breaking hybrid when she started it in 2001, Acumen’s basic mission and approach have not changed, although the details have. It still is a nonprofit using a market-based approach to nurture enterprises that are able to deliver goods and services to the world’s poor on a sustainable basis. That means building businesses that can grow on their own, preferably to have 1 million or more customers among the poor, without receiving handouts on an ongoing basis.
It’s an innovative approach that Novogratz, 46, took most of her life to develop. An idealist from the time she attended Catholic elementary schools, her eyes were opened to the problems of addressing global poverty right out of college, when she worked for the international loan division of Chase. There, she saw millions in loans going to the wealthy with nothing to help the desperately poor. Her search for a better way led her to Africa, Stanford Business School, and the Rockefeller Foundation. Each experience planted another seed until she finally formed the idea for Acumen. Her mix of quiet energy, intelligence, and optimism inspired others to join her cause. “It’s because of her vision and ability to make it happen that we got involved,” says C. Hunter Boll, MBA ’84, COO of Source Audio and an Acumen board member.
The basic premise for Novogratz’s approach to global poverty rests on a few simple ideas: Traditional methods can’t solve the deeper problems facing people living on less than $4 a day because grants and loans to governments from organizations like the World Bank, as well as aid from charities, don’t help the poor build self-sustaining ways to better their lives. Instead, the free money tends to backfire because there’s no real accountability for recipients’ actions, she says. Adds Boll: “Grants don’t contribute to creating financial growth. The only way to keep going is to re-up the grant.”
What’s more, traditional charitable organizations take a top-down approach, imposing their own concept of what poor people need instead of responding to what destitute populations really want. That encourages making the wrong decisions, Novogratz says. She cites an organization that tried to help Rwandan women with the laborious process of milling maize by providing corn mills—without thinking about what to do when the mills ran out of gas. “There’s an arrogance to the attitude that we’re going to come in and fix something for you, and you should appreciate it,” says Novogratz. “The only way to really build trust is by starting from how people really are.”
At the same time, too much emphasis on the power of the market can impair an organization’s social mission. “Once you’re driven just by profit, you’re likely to make different decisions about, say, what income levels you need to serve,” she says.
Novogratz’s solution is to back existing small businesses selling products and services that benefit the very poor. While the fund gives some grants, it also uses equity investments and loans from money raised from foundations, corporations, and individuals. By adopting financial mechanisms employed by venture capitalists, Novogratz says, entrepreneurs are forced to create more efficient organizations.
According to this philosophy, market response tells Acumen whether it has bet on the right companies and the right goods and services. “By affixing prices to the delivery of critical services, we allow people to tell us what they want and what they can pay for it,” Novogratz says. Most important, the poor decide for themselves what works. Says Boll: “We don’t try to make choices for people, and that’s one of the things that really sets Acumen apart.”
This model also differs dramatically from microfinance. That approach gives small loans of $150 or so to individuals to start tiny businesses—a vegetable stand, say. Acumen has its eye on bigger game: investing in already existing firms that specifically sell things aimed at improving the lives of large numbers of people—anything from low-cost housing to eyeglasses or inexpensive irrigation equipment.
With an average investment size of $600,000 to $1 million, Acumen’s investments, of course, are peanuts compared to those of traditional venture capital or of the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. Still, with $20 million under management, raised from such places as Google, Cisco, and the Rockefeller Foundation, Acumen has invested in 27 for-profit and nonprofit businesses in East Africa, India, and Pakistan. About $667,000 in principal and interest has been returned to Acumen, which has plowed it back into other investments.
Novogratz focuses on four areas: health care, housing, financial products, and water. Take A to Z Textile Mills in Tanzania, to which Acumen gave a $325,000 loan in 2002. At the time, the company was selling polyester-based anti-malarial bed nets to protect against insects that spread the disease. Like most bed nets, theirs had to be re-treated frequently with an insecticide. The loan permitted the company to use new, longer-lasting technology from Japan’s Sumitomo Chemical. In addition, Acumen arranged for the World Health Organization to set standards for the product, UNICEF to buy the nets using public funds, ExxonMobil to provide the resin needed, and Population Services International to help raise awareness. Annual production of bed nets is now nearly 7 million. The company employs 5,000 people in Tanzania, mostly women. Last year, the company paid off its sizeable Acumen loan. Success like this results from a mix of optimism, business savvy, and confidence—characteristics that many of Novogratz’s colleagues say are her hallmarks that inspire everyone from her staff to company CEOs. “She has a unique ability to connect with anyone, a unique curiosity about people,” says Acumen board member Catherine Muther, MBA ’78, a former Cisco executive and founder of the Three Guineas Fund, a San Francisco-based foundation. On a recent trip to India, Muther says, she observed Novogratz repeatedly approaching consumers to ask their opinions of particular products and services.
Novogratz’s interest in social action began early. Amy Novogratz, 14 years her junior, recalls her older sister in high school teaching her folk songs and insisting they visit the local Goodwill. Now director of the TED Prize for the TED conferences, Amy says Jacqueline inspired her own social action. Brother Mike, president of Fortress Investment Group, a New York-based alternative asset manager, is one of three of their four brothers in high-powered finance jobs. He says he and Jacqueline frequently talk about the best way to effect social change.
Novogratz began her career in the for-profit sector, joining Chase’s international loan division after working her way through the University of Virginia. Traveling to 40 countries in three years, she was in Brazil during that country’s debt crisis when she started thinking she needed to do something else. “I saw all these people in the slums with no access to bank credit at all, while we were writing off millions of dollars of loans to the wealthy,” she says. “There was something wrong with this picture.”
Determined to find a better way to “bring the underprivileged into the economy,” she decided to explore microfinance with Women’s World Banking, an organization that sent her to the Ivory Coast and then Kenya. When five Rwandan women invited her to their country to help them build a similar institution, she couldn’t refuse because “that was the first time African women had asked me to do something rather than me being asked by an organization to do something for Africans.”
The invitation to help with “a little charitable project”—making and selling baked goods—came next. Twenty women, subsidized by a church, were spending more to keep the project going than they earned. When they asked for help, Novogratz says, “I thought, as only a 25-year-old could, ‘I can do that.’”
Revamping the operation, she learned that some of the women regularly stole from the bakery, so she instituted new inventory systems. Within six months, they “cornered the market for snacks” by delivering them to the biggest companies in the city of Kigali and were earning three to four times the average national wage.
Wanting to build on her skills, she took a World Bank job briefly in Gambia and applied to Stanford Business School, where she took advantage of the Public Management Program. It would be a few more years before the idea of social entrepreneurship would take hold with large numbers of GSB students, but Novogratz began developing a new set of skills. She worked with the late John Gardner, the founder of Common Cause and a professor revered at Stanford for his ability to inspire community activism. He “changed my life and mentored me for the next 15 years,” Novogratz says. “He helped me understand how you could use these business practices to help poor people make decisions for themselves.”
After graduating, Novogratz started a philanthropy workshop for the Rockefeller Foundation that exposed high-net-worth individuals to underprivileged communities. The resulting discussions led her to create Acumen. Says Muther: “We were all talking about new ways to solve global poverty, but Jacqueline came up with the idea for Acumen and then announced she would actually do it.”
With seed capital of $5 million from Rockefeller, $2 million from the Cisco Foundation, and $1.5 million from three private individuals, Novogratz founded Acumen just before the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. She wound up raising another $1 million, half of her original projection.
By 2003, Acumen had put money in 11 companies. They included the malaria net company in Tanzania, a nonprofit making an inexpensive drip irrigation system in India for poor farmers, and a community housing program for low-income squatters in Karachi, Pakistan.
In that same year, with urging by David Kyle, the Fund’s new COO, Novogratz decided to start moving more into equity and loans for the accountability and discipline they would instill in companies. She also refined the characteristics that companies need to receive investments; no matter how interesting the product, Acumen won’t provide backing unless it has the potential to reach a lot of people. Their first grant recipient, a maker of a $42 hearing aid in India, seemed promising, but after the company distributed about 10,000 devices it became clear that wider distribution wasn’t possible. The lesson: “We realized that our sweet spot is in figuring out how to get goods and services to people who need them and looking for business models to support that objective,” says Yasmina Joanne Zaidman, MBA ’03, a portfolio manager at Acumen. “It wasn’t about investing in cool technologies.”
Novogratz, Kyle, and chief investment officer Brian Trelstad, MBA ’99, instituted more stringent financial reporting and planning methods. Loans force recipient organizations to manage their cash flow more tightly not only to show their ability to repay on time but also to take care of day-to-day activities. Because of Acumen’s social mission, the three realized they also had to develop more metrics for measuring success. “Measuring capital return is easy. Quantifying social return is not,” says Novogratz.
Still a work in progress, Acumen’s system involves measuring how many consumers have access to a particular product or service, the financial viability of the enterprise providing it, and whether the company has the ability to serve the poor on an ongoing basis. Novogratz and her team work with each enterprise to determine the most important financial milestones for their business—say, customer retention or total product sold—and then ask for quarterly reports based on those metrics.
Trelstad also developed an innovative way to measure social progress. Called the Best Available Charitable Option it evaluates how much it costs Acumen to support an enterprise and compares that to the expenses that an appropriate charitable organization might incur. So far, of 20 active investments, 10 have come up positive, four undecided, and two negative.
In the past two years Novogratz has turned her attention to striking up partnerships with larger institutions. She also hopes to bring at least $100 million to underserved markets over five years and to be the catalyst for a large movement around market-based approaches to social change.
Big boosts have come from the Google and the Bill and Melinda Gates foundations, which have helped fund Acumen expansion. In 2006, Acumen opened offices in Karachi and Hyderabad and plans one for Nairobi. A new fellows program trains promising young people and sends them into the field as advisors.
Behind much of what Novogratz undertakes are the lessons of her Rwandan experience. A quilt made by her bakery colleagues hangs in the conference room of Acumen’s New York office, a poignant reminder that nearly all of those women died in the genocide in the 1990s. In the microfinance organization Novogratz worked with there, “women played out every role of the genocide: witness, bystander, victim, and perpetrator,” she says. “It underscores for me why systems are so critical not only to economic development but, ultimately, to peace.”
Also on Stanford Knowledgebase:Airport cop ordered dismissed-A A +A
Sunday, June 23, 2013
A WEEK after he asked the Military Ombudsman to suspend his chief, a policeman assigned at the Mactan Cebu International Airport (MCIA) was ordered dismissed.
SPO1 Alfredo Diano Jr. was found guilty of serious neglect of duty for incurring absences without official leave and less grave neglect of duty for defying orders from his superior, in a decision signed by Chief Supt. Jesus Gordon Descanzo, director of the Philippine National Police Aviation Security Group last June 17.
Diano faced the administrative cases after he refused to report to the Dumaguete
Airport Station, where he was reassigned last year by Supt. Ritchie Posadas, chief of the Police Center for Aviation Security 7.
Advertisement
“After careful perusal and thorough evaluation of the facts and evidence presented by both parties, there is substantial evidence that proves the respondent (Diano) disobeyed the legal orders of his superior and failed to report for duty to his new assignment,” the decision read.
“It should be emphasized that as a police officer, relief from one assignment to another is not unusual for we took our oath of office, not for convenience, nor for expediency in terms of assignment.”
Expected
Sought for comment, Diano said he was expecting the dismissal order. But he said it did not follow legal proceedings.
“They were much in a hurry to seal my mouth against their corruption,” he said in a
statement sent to reporters.
“I will definitely strike back. My legal team and I are now preparing separate complaints of oppression and abuse of authority against Col. Posadas.”
He said he will appeal his dismissal even up to the Supreme Court.
Last June 10, Diano filed a petition for the preventive suspension of Posadas before the Military Ombudsman and Other Law Enforcement Offices, through the Office of the Ombudsman-Visayas.
Diano has lodged complaints against Posadas, whom he accused of committing perjury, malversation of public funds and graft and corrupt practices.
He alleged that Posadas did not release his allowances and other incentives, and certified the payrolls where his signatures were forged.
Posadas relieved Diano from MCIA and reassigned him to the Dumaguete Airport Station on July 9, 2012.
But Diano contested the reassignment at the National Police Commission (Napolcom) and charged Posadas with irregularity in the performance of duty.
Advice
Pending the case, Diano said he was advised by Napolcom to stay at the MCIA and report to the administrative officer.
Even as he continued to report for work, Diano said he did not receive his allowances from Lapu-Lapu City Hall for July, August and September.
Police officers assigned at the airport receives a monthly allowance of P1,000 from the City.
He also did not receive his combat pay for the second and third quarter of 2012, as well as his productivity bonus.
When he got hold of the copy of the payrolls for the City allowance and the combat pay, Diano said he was surprised to see that someone else signed on his name.
Posadas, in an earlier interview, said Diano wasn’t able to collect his allowances, combat pay and bonus because he had been absent without leave since July 9, 2012.
Published in the Sun.Star Cebu newspaper on June!New day. New Daily Deals. Get them before they are gone!
Can't find what you're looking for? Shop all ink and toner cartridges by brand
New Customer ? Start Here.
New day. New Daily Deals. Get them before they are gone!
Item: 659971 Model: 321RM-95
Best-Rite® Tan rubber-tak bulletin board with euro trim frame measures 12' x 4' and is ideal to use in home, office or warehouse setting. Bulletin board has self-healing surface that resists stains and fading.
Unique Surface Material The surface of this Best-Rite Rubber-Tak bulletin board is made of 100 percent recycled rubber, which gives it a unique look. The tan color won't fade over time, and the attractive cast-aluminum frame attracts the eye to ensure that everyone in your office notices the board. Durable Design This durable Best-Rite Rubber-Tak bulletin board holds up well to everyday use even in a large office, and it won't fade or stain no matter what you throw at it. It resists mildew and mold, so you don't need to worry about splashes or spills damaging the board. Easy to Use The rubber surface of this board holds push-pins and tacks tightly, so you never need to worry about posted items falling off the board. The self-healing rubber closes up holes once the pins are removed and resists crumbling. The large 12 x 4-foot surface of this Best-Rite Rubber-Tak bulletin board gives you plenty of room to post all of the vital information your office needs to succeed.
Compare with similar items
A colorful alternative to traditional cork boards. Best Rite® Blue splash cork bulletin board with oak finish frame measures 4' x ...
Product Details SKU Description not available Would you like to give on product content, images, or tell us about a lower price?
Best Rite® Ultra trim black splash cork bulletin board measuring 4' X 8' is made of 100 per recycled content. Best Rite® Ultra ...
Product Details SKU Description not available Would you like to give on product content, images, or tell us about a lower price?
Best Rite® Ultra trim pebbles vinyl bulletin board in light quarry color measures 4' X 6' and offers excellent resiatance to ...
Download the Staples® app
For iPad, iPhone and Android.
This Web site is intended for use by US residents only. See International Sites. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2014, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved.This is CAD, but not as you know it!
With the evolution of virtual touch and 3D printing, artist and designer Farah Bandookwala shows us how Haptics has revolutionised the way she works with computers. Her latest collection of interactive sculptures can been seen (and touched) at the Jerwood Makers Open in London until the 28th August 2011.The KLEXL is a concept Interactive Painting machine from designer Dario Jandrijic. It tricks your kids into thinking that they are scrawling their childish rubbish onto your pristine walls, and cleanup is as easy as flicking an off-switch.
I was never allowed to draw on the walls as a kid, which was never a problem as my dad always seemed to liberate enough office stationery to keep me occupied. A friend of mine had more liberal parents, though, and his bedroom ended up painted black and with the legend “Alien Sex Fiend” on one wall. Try covering that up when you move out.
The KLEXL is a smart projector. It has an auto-focus lens which shows the actual images, and these are painted onto the wallpaper with LED-tipped pens which are detected by an infra-red tracking camera back on the base unit. To change colors, the kids just tap the pen onto a color wheel on top of the projector.
It seems perfect, letting the kids be as messy as they like without actually causing any real mess. I can see only two downsides: you’ll be training your children to write on walls, and this could go very wrong when you visit a friend who has real pens lying around. Second, you can’t put any of your offspring’s awful, lame attempts at art on the front of the refrigerator. Actually, maybe that’s a feature…
KLEXL_Interactive Painting [Coroflot via Core77]Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article.15:19-24. The problem is, how do I tell? I have tried asking, but most women take offence.?
While I give the writer of this letter points for creativity, wit and humor, it is misguided for several reasons. One, it completely ignores the context in which these laws were written. The Bible is not a code of moral ethics by which people curry favor from an insatiable and insecure deity. It's ultimately a story, written by and about a God who loves us and who is pursuing a relationship with us which has been broken and initiating that restoration through His Son.
Second, the writer fails to understand the fundamental problem of sin -- especially in the presence of a holy God..
"Who is like you, O LORD, among the gods? Who is like you, majestic in holiness, awesome in glorious deeds, doing wonders?" -Exodus 15:11As a child I used and sobering as that.
And so God did not send His Son as a panacea to His greatest weakness - He sent His Son as a panacea to our greatest weakness. This was not God's solution to His greatest problem - it was God's solution to our greatest problem.
If you're still not convinced or would like to understand how it all ties together better please watch the video from The Bible Project below which does a great job of describing the structure and purpose of the book of Leviticus. Here you will see that Leviticus is pointing (as every book in the Bible does) to both the nearness and to our need of a Savior -- Jesus Christ -- who is ultimately revealed in the New Testament.
You can choose to see the confusing moral laws in the Old Testament as arbitrary nonsense that disproves the relevance of the Bible. Or you can choose to see it as defining our problem with sin before an awesome and holy God, leading to God's gracious and merciful solution in His Son - Jesus Christ.
.Peter.Net application proprietary compiler modficiations - open to bidding
This project received 1 bids from talented freelancers with an average bid price of $263 USD.Get free quotes for a project like this
Skills Required
Project Budget$30 - $250 USD
Total Bids1
Project Description
I have a proprietary language compiler that is used to support a fairly complex graphical system. The application suite is for a patented garment pattern system that takes body measurements and produces patterns. The languages used were C++ and C#. The whole application suite is in VS2010. I have applications programmers working on some of this, but there are some major challenges that need a compiler person. To see if this is something that you can, and would like, to work on, we thought that a subset of the issues might be a good starting project. There are some faulty calculations in the compiler, including the intersection of bezier lines and the application of a fix for cut lines calculated against an arc. If you would like to talk more about this, please let me know. KWednesday, March 22, 2006 - 3:53pm
On WGBY's Watercooler show, professor of politics Chris Pyle joined a discussion that addressed the question of privacy vs. national security. Pyle, a former intelligence officer, has been a vocal critic of the government's citizen surveillance programs.
Related Link:
WGBY Watercooler Show Podcasts
More:
The Lawless Ask For Our Trust (Op-ed by Pyle)
Are Terror Suspicions Getting Out of Hand? (Op-ed by Pyle)
Professor Criticizes Massachusetts's Anti-Terror Efforts (Op-ed by Pyle)
Explore the MHC Social Universe >Yes, they are just as cool as in my/your day – you know, back in the golden days of Wabash! Still sheepskin…still Latin…still Wabash.
More than ever before, I think, they are also worldwide passports. The Class of 2012 has been learning around the world and their life journey will be in a world much smaller than mine. I also hope much safer.
I have great confidence in the world of tomorrow.GTeam digital model of the lou ruvo center for brain health supports millions of BIM objects
all images courtesy of gehry technologies
designboom just recently spoke with los angeles-based gehry technologies about ‘GTeam‘, their 3D computer technology which is intrinsically connecting
the work of architects, engineers and contractors across the industry. since 2002, the specialized subsidiary has been providing solutions that align with
pritzker prize winning architect frank gehry’s delivery approach to complex projects. streamlining the building and construction process, the web-based platform
allows team members from different industries to share and view working files from internet browser windows.
the application is easily accessed via a personal account from a login page on universal browsers such as firefox, safari or google chrome. upon entering,
team members are welcomed with a page which displays project files that have been shared with the individual. a wall format similar to what is found
in social media sites enables comments made by team members which are posted in a familiar manner. group and personal messages are listed
chronologically as well, simplifying the communication process.
architect frank gehry in front of the lou ruvo center for brain health
image © AP photo/isaac brekken
GTeam is a tool which can be used at a desk on a windows or mac computer or remotely while visiting the construction site from a tablet or mobile phone.
the interface allows a myriad of file types to be uploaded, converted and immediately viewed, eliminating the need for the software to be directly installed on the device.
nearly all drafting and 3D-modelling programs are supported including autocad, archicad, microstation, revit, rhino and sketchup as well as pdf’s and word documents.
this ensures members from different entities can access any project file.
once a BIM model file is on the screen, it may be sectioned in real-time for closer inspection. layers as well as objects may be turned off to reveal a specific location
in the building. administrative controls are integrated to adjust the privacy of projects by inviting or removing users and increasing or decreasing permissions
for current and stored data.
images of the constructed lou ruvo center for brain health in las vegas
see designboom’s coverage of this project here.
images © etslee
already tested in offices to the likes of zaha hadid architects and UNStudio, the program is considered a success in practice, offering both time
and cost efficiency through-out a project’s lifespan. it is open to firms to begin use of the program. start with a free trial and then sign up for
a monthly subscription as it suit’s individual needs.
at this time, there is not a student version, but gehry technologies hopes to release a version to eventually allow the positive attributes of the program
to enter educational environments, simplifying the oftentimes tedious process of synchronizing files in group studio projects.
web-based login
visual file management interface with BIM data window
automatic previews to quickly find information to download, share, edit or open
take snapshots to share with others and track changes
advance 3D enables sectioning, measuring, clash detection, and more
the browser-based viewer makes collaboration across industries easy
layers and objects may be turned on and off to hone in on specific parts of a building
His vein of imagination has been hacked and corrupted.
GAME CHANGER
This software is hype; the news coming from g technology is self-promoting b.s.By 2017 that spending is expected to top $107 billion, raising prospects for major business growth in the industry across the world.
Much of the early growth period in cloud computing was marked by skepticism -- both from business customers and providers. But new figures indicate that cloud IT growth is moving toward interdependence between Big Data, mobile and social media.
Big Data is defined as data sets so large and complex that they cannot easily be processed using on-hand database management tools or conventional data processing applications. Corporate and government security concerns inhibited early growth in Big Data's adoption of cloud services, but that is seen to be changing, industry analysts say.
Big Data's major challenges, from capture to analysis, are increasingly seen by cloud services as a growing business opportunity that conventional computing cannot easily handle.
Worldwide spending on public IT cloud services will reach $47.4 billion in 2013 and is expected to be more than $107 billion in 2017, a new forecast from International Data Corp. said.
Over the 2013–2017 forecast period, public IT cloud services will have a compound annual growth rate of 23.5 percent, five times that of the IT industry as a whole, an IDC study said.
The report says cloud computing has played a crucial role in changing the way companies use information technology. Cloud services are starting to shift into a "chapter two" phase where the scale of cloud adoption will not only be much bigger, but also more user and solution driven.
In this period of growth, cloud and the other related technologies will become even more interdependent as they continue to drive growth and innovation across all industries that depend on IT.
"The first wave of cloud services adoption was focused on improving the efficiency of the IT department," IDC Senior Vice President and Chief Analyst Frank Gens said.
"Over the next several years, the primary driver for cloud adoption will shift from economics to innovation as leading-edge companies invest in cloud services as the foundation for new competitive offerings," Gens said.
Cloud services growth has been helped by rapid diversification of its uses. Virtual private cloud services helped to allay early fears about private and control over data.
The growing focus on cloud services as a business innovation platform will help to drive spending on public IT cloud services to new levels throughout the forecast period.
The United States is likely to remain the largest public IT cloud services market, although its share may decline decline from 56.9 percent in 2013 to 43.9 percent in 2017 while Western Europe, Latin America, and Asia and the Pacific region will each gain share throughout the forecast.
Cloud spending in emerging markets is expected to be double that in developed countries, or about 37.3 percent in the 2013-2017 period.
Recent studies indicate China's economic slowdown may also affect public IT spending in East Asia.
Expectations have also been scaled back in Canada, Western Europe, Brazil, and Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa as well as in Asia and Pacific region outside Japan.Green Bay Packers NFL Draft prospect profile: Safety JJ WIlcox
Player Information:
JJ Wilcox, Safety, Giorgia Southern, 6’0″, 213 pounds Hometown: Cairo, Georgia
NFL Combine:
40 time: 4.57
225-pound bench: 17 reps
Vertical: 35″
Broad jump: 1o’ 4″
3-cone: 7.02
20yd shuttle: 4.09
News and Notes:
Wilcox has only one year of experience playing the safety position, having moved there after three years of playing on offense as a wide receiver and slotback. Despite his inexperience and small-school status, Wilcox was honored with an invitation to the Senior Bowl. Wilcox was second on the team with 88 tackles, three passes broken up and two interceptions.
What they’re saying about him:
- CBSSports.com: …” “Tends to bend at the waist rather than the knees. Attacks the line of scrimmage as a run defender, slipping by most blocks but too often is tied up when he they do get to him. Tools worthy of developing but isn’t ready for prime time yet.”
- Ourlads.com: “A tough and physical strong safety who will contribute on special teams’ coverage and returns. Also played on the goal-line offense. Wrap tackler. Plays with confidence. Good ball reactions and hands for a safety who was a former receiver. Returns kickoffs, averaging 25.5 yards per return. Was invited to the Senior Bowl on strong showing his senior year. Just learning to play the position.”
Video Analysis:
- Closes well on the ball carrier. Solid open-field tackler.
- Angles taken not always the best, but recovers well.
- Not afraid to mix it up, drives through the tackle.
- Shows above average range.
- Not ready for man coverage on a receiver.
- Returned kickoffs, but does not look like anything special in that department.
- Getting by mostly on athletic ability.
- Inexperience shows everywhere, but has definite upside.
- More of a project than I expected, based on recent buzz. Packers have shown definite interest.
If drafted by the Packers:
Wilcox would be brought in to compete with M.D. Jennings and Sean Richardson for the final safety spot on the Packers. Due to his inexperience, I would envision him ending up on the practice squad in year one, allowing him the time to work on and refine his techniques. Special teams would be his only ticket to a possible roster spot in year one, but I’d still call it a long shot. Having said all that, he has enough athletic ability to make an intriguing project, given more time to learn the position.——————.
——————Nasco Mountain Woodland Creamer with Service Plate
Here's a sweet handled pitcher creamer with separate under plate. Nasco Mountain Wood-land is a beautiful vintage transfer ware pattern, with lovely colors depicting an English thatched cottage in the woods. Pretty brown on cream with highlights of green, blue and yellow. The service plate is trimmed with flowers and foliage. Made in Japan circa 1940-1950. It is in excellent condition, no cracks or chips, with some slight crazing as is typical for these pieces. The handled creamer jug measures 4 1/2" tall. The plate measures 6 1/2" in diameter. I am listing other serving pieces in this pattern and am always happy to combine to save on shipping.
Another shopper has this item in their Cart or Wish List.
Beautiful vintage things from my place to yours to treasure and use in new ways
Spring at last! Listing more items for sunny seasons!Thanks to all my repeat customers!- Film critic Armond White in 2011
- Getty Images.”
White said he believed Slate film critic Dana Stevens, who was seated at his table that night, to be the source of Variety’s initial piece. Stevens denied this, and Variety confirmed her account. “The Variety story broke at like one in the morning the night of the awards,” she said, at which point she was talking with a friend about the incident. “I had no idea it would be a news story at that point. I just thought this was going to be gossip the next day.”
Stevens said she couldn’t attribute any specific comment to White. “It was definitely members of his party,” she said, estimating his group to include six people. “I think it was more the younger guys that were with him.”
White wouldn’t discuss his friends, saying that they “are adults.” He disputed other firsthand accounts, including a Vanity Fair piece that reported him as saying, “White liberal bullsh–!” White said the reporter “didn’t see my mouth move and form those words. If she’s sitting behind me, how could she?”
Katey Rich, who reported the piece for Vanity Fair, stands by her account. “I was sitting behind him, but I could see his body language, I could hear everything that was being said for sure,” she told Speakeasy. “Through the power of visual body movement syncing up with audio,” she said she felt confident about what she heard and who said it.
New York Film Critics Circle chairman Joshua Rothkopf issued an apology about the alleged incident. He wrote: “I apologize sincerely for the crass bit of heckling Mr. McQueen encountered. I’m mortified to learn that this was from one of our own members. We are taking disciplinary action.”
White said Rothkopf never contacted him, saying “he issued that apology without ever coming to me to find out whether or not I actually did say those things.” Rothkopf couldn’t be reached for comment.
- Director Steve McQueen, left, and actor Harry Belafonte at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards in New York
- Getty Images
White panned McQueen’s “12 Years a Slave,” which received Golden Globe nominations for almost all the major categories for which it qualified. “I have no need to heckle Steve McQueen because I wrote what I wrote, and he knows what I wrote,” said White. “So I don’t need to repeat it for him or to him.”
Representatives for McQueen had no comment.
White attributes the controversy that sometimes seems to follow him to “intellectual jealousy.” “I am a trained film scholar and know my stuff, and most people who write criticism these days can’t claim that and they are bothered when I state my opinion with some conviction,” he said. “A critic’s job is not to promote movies, a critic’s job is to critique and to analyze, and people like the word contrarian because they don’t believe in criticism anymore. That’s how our culture has declined.”
Write to Robin Kawakami at Robin.Kawakami@wsj.com. Follow @robinha
For the latest entertainment news Follow @WSJSpeakeasy- Phone Number(▒▒▒) ▒▒▒- ▒▒ 61
- Reviewed2 Reviews
Hey, I’m Rebecca!
When I was about 9 years old, and was asked what I wanted to be when I grew up, I would answer, "a marine biologist!" because I wanted to swim in the bottom of the ocean with sea lions. My next answer was an astronaut, because I wanted to explore Mars. Then, my dreams turned to becoming an author, sitting out of recess to write a full-length novel about a girl and her pet dragon.
I have always been crippled by wanderlust, whether it be in my youthful dreams or in my current attitudes to engage in conversation on the train instead of maintaining the droll solace, the breathe easy on liftoff, to drive for hours even if it sometimes means getting a little lost. There is still a nine year old in me adding to her story.
I am a proud Jersey girl. When I'm not listening to Bruce, you'll find me cooking a vegetarian dinner (mmm, shakshouka, anyone?) and watching my favorite German movie, Wings of Desire. I hope to see you soon!
Rebecca was a great guest, tidy and reliable. Very lovely and smart. A pleasure to talk to. I wouldn't hesitate to host her again.Freeze It Right There
A fruity, frozen spin on a classic.
A bananas frozen daiquiri.
Your spice rack is only as good as the sum of its parts.
A distinctive yellow curry bolstered with loads of black pepper and ground Persian lime. Try mixing some with yogurt and olive oil the next time you marinate chicken -- you can thank us later.
Sourced from: Oaktown Spice Shop
Store spices in a dark, cool spot.!
$7 Exclusive!
$7 Exclusive!
$9.We're sorry, we need more information to run your search. Please enter a last name (adding more details will improve your results).
Looking for Antwan Bailey? We have 32 results for people with that name with an average age of 37. We have records of Antwan Bailey in states such as KY, NY, and NJ. With so many records, you are sure to find the person you are looking for.
Here is a list of Antwan's. In order to streamline the process, we have divided the information into four categories: Name, Age, Location and Relatives. Look through this organized data to find the Antwanwan Bailey, click on the View Details link for more information.Employment Opportunities
Tile Showcase is dedicated in providing customers with the best possible experience when selecting tile and stone. We offer a wide range of ceramic, glass and stone products to suit every style and budget. Beautiful, well designed showroom displays combined with a knowledgeable staff, give customers the kitchen or bath they always wanted.
We continually look for enthusiastic professionals who have either previous sales experience or a kitchen and bath design background to join us in our friendly and stimulating environment.
We offer a competitive salary/commission package along with benefits.
Please send your resume to:
Fred Merullo
fredm@tileshowcase.comPosts Tagged ‘recycling’.NYC trip to old haunts
Born/raised/worked in the city and am returning(from Atl) for a 40th anniversary.Guess age is setting in and cant remember places i used to go 20 years ago and wonder if you all can help.There are 4 places i liked---one was a seafood restaurant near Fulton Street market,uner the el.Think the name started with an S.
Another was a place on Bdwy I think near the battery, that was very old and Washington did his inauguration speech there
Third was a German place near 14th st and Bdwy, Union Square--remember it had tine ceilings, think it starts with an R
Finally, theres a great place that served incredible lamb about one block north of the new MSG (i know its now old)--rememer it had Irish pipes hanging all over.
Thanks so much for the help, and if you have time, could you give me your thoughts if the place is still nice.
Though it didn't begin with an "R," the German place near 14th you remember sounds like Luchow's, at that location on 14th St., which went out of business perhaps 25 years ago. There is an NYU dorm on that block now (of course) and Trader Joe's. You will find much has changed, alot for the better but some nice old places are no more.
- re: City Kid
you folks are good ---Fraunces,Keens,Luchows are right on.Is Rolfs a good place--I thought of the seafood spot near Fulton st fish market--it was Sweets (sp), but couldnt find any reference to it on Board.Im going to do more research on the board rather than have you folks spend more time when i can perhaps look up stuff.I may ask some more in next few weeks to find newer places near where we are staying 3rd and 50th--thanks again
- The original comment has been removedOrder by: most recent most popular relevance
The U.S. government recently settled with five California masonry companies and two individuals alleged to have vio- lated the False Claims Act (FCA
The United States Court of Federal Claims (CFC or the "Court") recently dismissed a disappointed incumbent's (the "Plaintiff ") post-award bid
In an ongoing effort by the government to detect and avoid counterfeit products, the Department of Defense, GSA and NASA announced a proposed FAR
The U.S. Department of Labor has issued a proposed set of regulations to implement a February executive order from President Obama calling for an
California's Biomonitoring program was established in 2006 with the passage of SB 1379. The program is a collaborative effort of three departments:
Last week, President Barack Obama signed a memorandum directing the Department of Labor (DOL) to issue a rule requiring federal contractors to
Separate from the Buy American Act, which pertains to federal procurements, Buy America statutes impose domestic source restrictions on federal
In December, the National Defense Authorization Act was signed into law. This Act includes a significant change for prime contractors seeking to
In Creative Computing Solutions, Inc., B-408704; B-408704.2 (Comp. Gen. Nov. 6, 2013), the Government Accountability Office (GAO) dismissed protester
On November 18, the U.S. Department of Defense ("DoD") published a final safeguarding rule (the "UCTI Safeguarding Rule") applicable to contractorsWorking with Lee Martin and craftsman/upholsterer Gonzalo from Kay Chesterfield superceded my expectations for my unusual kitchen banquet. I had a good idea of what I wanted but not the knowledge to execute it--working with such experienced, creative experts brought my sketchy idea into a beautiful reality. I highly recommend this topnnotch firm who were recommended to me by a local antique store. Thanks to the extr... view moreLike this review?Yes|Flag AbuseProvided by CitysearchPHILADELPHIA – Virtual Library Legislative Day is part of the American Library Association’s (ALA) National Library Legislative Day on May 5-6, when hundreds of library advocates will be on Capitol Hill to meet with members of Congress and their staffs. Library advocates who cannot make it to Capitol Hill for the event can still be a part of the effort by calling and/or emailing their elected officials on May 6, or anytime the week of May 5-9..
CHICAGO – Two new video PSAs featuring Jeff Kinney, New York Times bestselling author of the Diary of a Wimpy Kid series, are now available from the American Association of School Librarians (AASL). Kinney is the national spokesperson for the 2014 observance of School Library Month, and in the PSAs he encourages viewers to “celebrate how our nation’s school libraries change lives.” The videos can be viewed at and downloaded from.
PHILADELPHIA — Gilmanton (N.H.) Year-Round Library, one of 10 recipients of United for Libraries' 2013 Neal-Schuman Foundation Grants, successfully passed a warrant article requesting $52,000 from the town of Gilmanton on March 11..
50 E Huron St., Chicago IL 60611 |
1.800.545.2433Matt Lauer back at work despite deer shenanigans
0
Matt Lauer, undeterred by a deer's harrowing attempt to do him in, is back and ready to put his shoulder to the wheel, so to speak.
The "Today" host returned to his televised stomping grounds Thursday, March 26, sporting a rather rakish sling to ease his dislocated shoulder that was caused by a weekend cycling accident.
"It'll be all the rage next year," says Lauer, who will be required to wear the sling for the next six weeks.
Lauer, 51, was riding his bicycle on Long Island when a deer -- all ninja-lika -- suddenly appeared in front of him. Startled, the intrepid talk show host braked hard, was tossed from his bike and landed on his shoulder.
He's well on the mend, however.
"I feel good," he told co-anchor Ann Curry. "I doubled up on the meds so I'm ready for all your jokes."
When Lauer first emailed in sick on Monday, he had quipped that the deer was "hired by the competition."
A flurry of deer-related puns and headlines, followed. And just because we feel like it, here's the picture of the deer again that may or may not have been behind Lauer's "accident."
Happy Thursday, everybody.PEIHONG XIE (PHILIP)
Citizenship: China / Canada
Work Experience
Jan. 2008 to Present:
China representative of Fogo Cooperative Society Ltd. of Newfoundland, Canada.
Mar. 2004 – Jan. 2008
Employer: The Balloch Group of Canada (Beijing),
Position: Assistant Vice President
Responsibilities and performances:
Financial and mining advising service:
Chinese market entry consultancy:
Investment banking service:
May 2002 – Mar. 2004
Employer: Federal International Finance Inc, Canada (Beijing)
Position: General Manager and Representative of FIF’s Beijing Office of 13 staff of different depts.
1998 – 2002
Partner and Sales Manager of Link-Up Technology in Toronto, Canada to sell made-in-Taiwan computer mother-boards. I headed the team of 7 sales reps to achieve CN$ 3 millions sales in 2000.
1997 – 1998
Owner of Can-Sino International Metal, Canada. I personally managed the company of 9 people to process the used motors and to sell scrap metals.
1990 – 1994
Consul of Chinese Consulate General in Toronto, in charge of overseas Chinese affairs.
1986 – 1990
Second Secretary of the Taiwan Affairs Office, Foreign Ministry of China.
1984 – 1986
Third Secretary to the Chinese Embassy in Malaysia.
1983 –1984
Staff member of the Asian Dept. of the Foreign Ministry of China.
1977 – 1978
Customs officer of Zhanjiang Customs of Guangdong Province, China.
Education
2002
Certificates of Canadian Securities Institute and Practice Ethics and Standards.
1996
Certificate of “Small Business management training course” by Centennial College, Toronto, Canada.
1994 – 1996
Graduate Program in Sociology, New York State University, USA.
1990 – 1991
Visiting Scholar (Taiwan issue) to York University in Toronto, Canada.
1982 – 1983
Graduate program in International Public and Private laws at Foreign Affairs Institute of Beijing.
1978 – 1982
English Dept. of Canton Foreign Languages University, China. Bachelor degree.
1974 – 1977
College diploma, The Customs Dept., Canton Foreign Trade Institute, Guangdong Province, China.
Other qualifications.
Some of the Members Plant Sale Dividends have arrived and they look great!
When are you picking yours up? On Friday night, over the weekend, or during the following week? Please remember that supplies are limited, so come early to insure that you get the plant you’d like.
Read all about the Plant Dividends on our Plant Sale Page.
The bus is filled for our overnight trip to Litchfield, CT, but if you are interested still in going, add your name to our waiting list. Since it is almost two months until the tour, places may open up. Call the office at 973-326-7603.
Read all about the marvelous gardens we’ll be visiting on our Events page.
This is the time of year to divide many perennials. If you want to re-invigorate your garden beds and re-populate them as well, learn how to Lift and Divide Perennials with Plantsman Scott Scarafile. Scott cares for many of The Frelinghuysen’s perennial beds, including the lovely Lindner Perennial Garden at the rear of the Haggerty Education Center.
Bring you own gloves and get ready to get dirty!
Register here.
We are gearing up for the Plant Sale and the launch of “Contain Your Enthusiasm,” our container design contest. You’ll get a nice big free bag of LI Compost’s Hampton Estate Professional Potting Mix when you enter the contest.
Here’s an interesting article from Science News for Kids about the fascinating and complex relationship between bees and flowers that you can enjoy with your children:
Coming for a walk? Check out what’s in bloom right here with our on-line What's in Bloom list, maintained by volunteer Phil Dahlen.
The Friends 18th Annual Plant Sale is only a little over a week.
By the way, the polygonatum at left is one of Sue's favorites!.Welcome to Our Website!
"Experts on human personality tell us there are three things people really need to live a rich and happy life. The first thing is to know where you come from, to know your heritage. The second is for our lives to have a purpose or a sense of significance. The third and most important thing is that along the way we connect with other people. If you look around the room to each other we should consider ourselves very fortunate because we can find all three of those things right here in this room. We should be thankful that we live in a country where this is possible and to be part of a family that helped make it so. We should consider ourselves very rich." - Tom Hunt at the 120th annual family reunion.
Our Purpose
We are a family organization that puts as great an emphasis on the fellowship of modern Locke descendants as on the traditional genealogical pursuits of collecting and publishing data and preserving Locke artifacts.
Our Annual Reunions
We hold an annual reunion to celebrate the family's accomplishments every year on the first Saturday in August, usually in Rye, New Hampshire. We have done this since our founding without fail, even through two world wars. Over 300 cousins attended our 100th reunion and over 100 cousins commemorated the 300th anniversary of the death of our ancestor, Captain John Locke.
New Links
Check out our Links page for a new link to another namesake town, Lockeport, Nova Scotia.
News
The 124th Locke Family Association Reunion will be held in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania running Friday, August 1 through Sunday, August 3, 2014, with the annual meeting on Saturday at the Days Inn on York Street.
The reunion will include a battlefield tour, a special living history presentation, an optional winery visit, visits to New Hampshire monuments, and on-your-own ghost tours and shopping.
The 4th Reunion (1894)
Can you spot Arthur H. Locke, author of the first book, and Judge James Locke, first president of our association?.
Examples
He was sure to be asked -- once Annapla's service was over -- what led to the encounter, and to give the whole story frankly involved Olivia's name unpleasantly in a vulgar squabble.
And he recalled unpleasantly the misfortune that had happened: he had been forced to share his snug bedroom with eighteen of his distant cousins.
The Tale of Dickie Deer Mouse
For what profit can there be, if a man, when he hath passed over all his life unpleasantly, that is to say, wretchedly, shall have no reward after his death?
The Second Book. Of their journeying or travelling abroad, with divers other matters cunningly reasoned, and wittily discussed
He sat silent under her mockery, his long fingers clasped over his knees, his gaze upon the field below them, his mind recalling unpleasantly a similar incident in his unromantic career..
They and the noise they made recalled unpleasantly to me my sensations as I clung to the alder bush immersed in
Andivius Hedulio Adventures of a Roman Nobleman in the Days of the Empire
An expression that unpleasantly combined cunning and fear crossed Atheneum McGee’s sharp features.
Which is a roundabout way of saying that if Oh or her co-stars were to be nominated again, I'd be surprised, but not unpleasantly.
Ask Matt: Big Bang, Grey's, Glee, Terra Nova and More!.
Guide to Thursday TV: An Ode to Community, Person Gets Interest-ing, and More!
Thus Destry fell backwards with his queen onto a thick, glass-filled paste that, come time, would leave them both unpleasantly crusty.
The Girl (Heart That’s Healing) « A Fly in Amber
Log in or sign up to get involved in the conversation. It's quick and easy.Thornford, Dorset GenealogyEdit This Page
From FamilySearch Wiki
England
Dorset
Dorset Parishes
Guide to Thornford, Dorset ancestry, family history, and genealogy: parish registers, transcripts, census records, birth records, marriage records, and death records.
Parish History
THORNFORD, a parish in Sherborne district, Dorset; 3¼ miles SW of Sherborne.
Need wiki, indexing, or website help? Contact our product teams.
Did you find this article helpful?
You're invited to explain your rating on the discussion page (you must be signed in).
- This page was last modified on 27 March 2015, at 14:29.
- This page has been accessed 1,187 times.
BROWSEby country by topic
New to the Research Wiki?
In the FamilySearch Research Wiki, you can learn how to do genealogical research or share your knowledge with others.Learn Moreastrom Biosciences (NASDAQ:ASTM): MLV & Co downgraded its rating on this company from Buy to Hold and changed its price target from $5.5 to $1.5.
The stock market is at 5-year highs! Discover the best stocks to buy in today’s market. CLICK HERE for Your Stock Investor Cheat Sheet NOW!Newagen Seaside Inn’s Executive Chef, Fiona Dunlap, shares her recipe for a delicious and easy summer salad that will make your Memorial Day picnic preparations a breeze.
Grilled Corn and Watermelon Salad
6 Servings
Ingredients
6 ears fresh corn, husked
2 tablespoons olive oil
Salt and pepper
2 cups diced watermelon
1 small diced Vidalia onion
¼ cup chopped mint
2 Tbls chopped cilantro
Lemon Dressing
1 lemon, juiced
4 tablespoons olive oil
Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
Directions
- Preheat grill or broiler to medium heat.
- Rub corn with 2 tablespoons of olive oil and season with salt and pepper.
- Grill or broil corn for 7 minutes or until ears are lightly browned. Remove from grill and allow to cool.
- Remove the kernels from the cob and place in a large mixing bowl along with the watermelon, diced Vidalia onion, mint, and cilantro.
- In a small bowl, prepare dressing by whisking together lemon juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper.
- Toss the salad with the dressing and serve at room temperature.advertisement
Surgical Specialist
46 years of experience
46 years of experience
Hermosa Beach
400 S Sepulveda Blvd
Manhattan Beach, CA 90266 Phone number & directions
400 S Sepulveda Blvd
Manhattan Beach, CA 90266 Phone number & directions
advertisement
Learn more about Dr. Howard Kaminsky:
View the full profile to get information on:
- Qualifications
- What's important to you
View full profile
Patient Reviews
Have you visited Dr. Kaminsky? Share your experience.
Write a Review
Write a Review
Specialties & Research
Dr. Howard Kaminsky, MD is board certified in Surgery.
Education & Awards
Dr. Kaminsky graduated from New York University.
advertisement
Home > Find a Surgeon > CA > Manhattan Beach Surgeons > Dr. Howard Kaminsky, MD
Similar doctors nearby
Dr. William Mealer
Orthopaedic Surgery
29 years experience
Manhattan Beach, CA
Dr. Daniel Stephenson
Orthopaedic Surgery
7 years experience
Manhattan Beach, CA
Dr. Timothy Hartshorn
Orthopaedic Surgery
4 years experience
Manhattan Beach, CA
Dr. James Pearson
Otolaryngology
8 years experience
Hermosa Beach, CA
Dr. Jennifer Matthesen
Surgery
14 years experience
Manhattan Beach, CA
Dr. Philippe Lemoine
Surgery
19 years experience
Manhattan Beach, CA
- Additional Information
- Dr. Howard Hugh Kaminsky MD is a male Surgeon, has 46 years of experience and practices in Surgery.
- Where does Dr. Howard H. Kaminsky practice?
- Dr. Howard Kaminsky has 2 office locations.
- Dr. Howard Kaminsky practices Surgery near Manhattan Beach, CA.
See Manhattan Beach Surgeons.TimesLines, Inc v. Facebook, Inc.
Filing 113
MINUTE entry before Honorable John W. Darrah: Ruling on motion hearing held. Defendant's motion in limine 96 is granted. Enter Order. Motions in limine shall be filed by 04/05/13, responses by 04/12/2013. Ruling at the pretrial conference. Pretrial conference set for 04/18/2013 is re-set to 04/17/2013 at 2:00 p.m. Ruling on motion hearing set for 04/18/2013 is re-set to 04/17/2013 at 2:00 p.m. Status hearing set for 04/04/2013 is vacated. [For further detail see separate order(s).] Mailed notice.(np, )
Disclaimer: Justia Dockets & Filings provides public litigation records from the federal appellate and district courts. These filings and docket sheets were retrieved from PACER, and should not be considered findings of fact or liability, nor do they necessarily reflect the view of Justia.Bloggers for Positive Global Change
I would like to thank Keith for nominating me as a reccommended climate blogger. He has a very interesting blog which is rather unique in it's regional focus (Latin America), combined with it's coverage (environmental issues) and it's language (English).
The rules of the meme are as follows:
Here are the rules:
-.
So my five nominations are:
SusHi--Ken bloggs about sustainability in Hawaii, ever since he started this blog i have been amazed at his profligacy. Numerous posts every day, and lots of good stuff amongst the collection. Think of it as Treehugger run by one man ( i know it's insane).
DeSmog blog--Kevin Grandia, Ross Gelbspan et. al., do a great job at "clearing the pr pollution that clouds the science of climate change". Hear a doddgy sounding report, check de smog blog and found out who paid for it, what the actual facts are and how it has been distorted. A great resource.
Bristling Badger --A fellow participant in the Camp for Climate Action, Merric is a UK voice of climate activism. Not purely climate change and not entirely free of politics but good stuff, i perticularly like the briefing on aviation and climate change. There is some really well researched work.
The Environmentally Concerned Individual--Shayla Duval bloggs from Torronto, part of a student group, it's always great to see grassroots activism documented online.
Itsgettinghotinhere. The best student climate activism blog on the web. Canadian and US bloggers update the site frequently with information on marches, sit-ins and other awareness raising activities. A must read for North Americans with an interest in climate change.
Labels: blogging for positive global change, blogosphere, meme
Links to this post:
Create a LinkArticle Preview
Jail rules on head coverings modified
Published 03/13/2009, The Jamestown Sun
Maine’s courts and the Cumberland County Jail are modifying their rules regarding head coverings in order to accommodate the practices of Muslims and people of other faiths.Word count: 181
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.SOME REWARDS YOU CAN GET
SONGS OF AYAHUASCA CD
THE AYAHUASCA CONVERSATIONS BOOK
We have collected hours of fascinating conversations with the world´s most knowledgeable ayahuasca minds, from shamans to scientists. This book is pack full with information you won´t find anywhere else.
PODER VERDE! CD
.!
If you are interested in any of these items let us know through the Contact form in the main menu.-raisingshri
The reality of creating a documentary that looks feels and sounds like this has meant a tremendous amount of love, work and effort in the service of something we believe to be overwhelmingly important - not less than a change in the conscious approach to medicine.
In a sea filled with sometime chaotic messages we want to create something that you can give to anyone and say: Watch this, you will understand what ayahuasca is about. To valorize the use of the medicine, to bring traditional Amazon practices out of the margins and present them to the world defended in a cloak of respectability supported by science.
In the past months, almost 70 people have pledged nearly $6000 to help us finish the film. We have 1 day to go, and we are aiming to make $10000. We’d humbly like to ask for your help once more on our final push. Please contribuite!.Today, on the last day of the campaign, we offer 2 exciting new rewards:GABOR MATÉ PACKAGE- $60
3 beautiful high-quality prints from the film, signed by cinematographer Mark Ellam. Audiences have been consistently awestruck by the beauty of the film’s cinematography-
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news
See the Official Film Site.
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news
See the Official Film Site
Let me take you back to the early 60s in Perú. A man called Henry Delgado frontman of a band called Los Destellos writes “La Ardillita”. It was a huge hit, and singlehandely defined a new musical style: La Cumbia Peruana.
Take a listen
Is that groovy or what?
The new sound blended the tropical and rock styles by substituting the accordion -centerpiece of the Colombian Cumbia- with the electric guitar. To our ears the result wouldn´t be out of place in a Tarantino film
Out of that new style sprang Cumbia Oriental, or Poder Verde, the Amazonian variation of the sound, which can still be heard booming out of radios, bars, motokarts, and taxis all over the jungle. It is an infectious groove full of local flavor, including references to indigenous tribes, mythological figures, and even ayahuasca.
The most famous ayahuasca song of the genre is without a doubt, the great classic “Vacilando con ayahuasca” by the veterans Juaneco y su Combo. Although the song was composed in 1972 the band is still going. Here is a recent video which includes Shipibo print shirts, go-go dancers, and indigenous shamans!
Crazyness!
Are you still wondering why we have always been unrepentant fans of the style at The Ayahuasca Project Headquarters?
So we wanted to do a postmodern homage to it. For that we brought experimental DJ and sound composer Akasha. We gave him a selection of our favorite Poder Verde tunes, together with a truly rare cultural artifact: A collection of real radio advertisements from the jungle. The ads are for itinerant shamans that travel form city to city, in a real life jungle medicine show.
The combination is… well, listen for yourself
Poder Verde! demos by ayadoc
Amazing!
Then Akasha´s partner, LoSuper, cooked up a very psychedelic cover for the mix
Like it?
Up to know the mix was only available as a bonus to the Combo Packages, but we´ve decided to make it available to everyone.
If you´d like your own just add $10 to your current pledge and let us know you want a copy!
PROJECT STATUS UPDATE
We are now 60% funded! 334 wonderful people have made it possible. We have 14 days to raise approx. $15,000. We are pushing on! Please continue to spread the word, in facebook, in twitter, blogs, via email, we need to world to know!
With our sincerest gratitude, and our best wishes for the new year.
-Jero, Mark, & Robin
More info about cumbia oriental
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news
See the Official Film Site
We have been told that if you make it to 50% you will make it in kickstater. Today we broke the 50% line. Thank you so much to all of you who continue to pledge and support us.
We have very intense days ahead of us. 19 days to raise $19000. As you can see in the graph, at the current rate of growth we´ll be between 10 and 20% short of the goal by the end the campaign. As you know kickstarter is all or nothing. If we don´t make we loose it all. We are confident we can do it, but we are going to need your help for that extra push. Please spread the word! Email, share, tweet the link with anyone you know who might be interested. Continue to recommend and let us know of any blogs/sites that you think we should contact. We need to spread the word further.
NEW REWARD
We are celebrating the occasion by launching a super special reward: Become part of the team and accompany us on the last shoot of the documentary!
Only 3 slots are available. Get them while you can
MASTER CLASS - The Jungle Prescription has been praised as “a master class in documentary cinematography “. also includes credit on the film (and IMDB) the ART PACKAGE (3 signed lithographs) and the SUPER COMBO PACKAGE (book, DVD, t-shirt, Songs of Ayahuasca and Poder Verde! CDs). (Travel expenses not included)
With our sincerest gratitude, and best wishes,
-Jero, Mark, & Robin
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news
See the Official Film Site
The past 5 weeks since we launched the Kickstarter campaign have been a whirlwind of activity. Kickstarter is a new way to fund creative projects powered by a unique all-or-nothing funding method where projects must be fully-funded or no money changes hands.
We are looking for funding to finish the feature length version of the documentary which will not just be longer :-) but more free, more poetic, and expand on a number of characters and storylines that were left unexplored in the 43 min version. We have some big surprises waiting. Check out the video for sneak preview. We just need a little push to be able to do it, hence the kickstarter campaign.
We have prepared a very special collection of rewards (DVDs of the film, books, Jungle insight tshirts, and more) for those who pledge their support. Take a look (aquí en español)
The entire crowdfunding process is new to us, so we have made a few mistakes along the way. In spite of it all it seems to be working! It´s been amazing to see the pledges come from all over the world, and to hear the stories behind some of them. Inspiring! We are so encouraged by many of the messages we have received. So far 250 wonderful people have generously pledged their support to the project. Others have given us invaluable advice, time, and effort. Yet others have shared it with thousands in facebook, twitter, etc. THANK YOU ALL! You are making this film possible. We have 21 days left to go and we are 44% funded. We are almost at $18000!
We are preparing a grand finale for the last 3 weeks of the campaign, with new rewards, sneak previews, and surprises. Our first announcement, to coincide with the Holiday season, is a new reward that some of you have been asking for:
The Ayahuasca Project gift certificate.
Do you want to send a Jungle Prescription DVD, T-shirt, or any other reward as a gift to someone else? Now you can.
How does it work?
1 - Below is the list of gifts, pick any combination of them that you like
(higher value rewards are also available as gift certificate!)
2 - Click on Gift Certificate reward (or increase your current pledge by the proper amount.)
3 - Drop us a message with the list of gifts as well as the name, address, email address of the recipient.
3 - We will send that person a personalized email presenting the gifts, followed by an envelope with handmade gift certificate with a dedication from you (followed, of course, by the presents!)
4 - You will be making a double gift, a gift to the recipient, and a gift to this film.
With our sincerest gratitude, and best wishes,
-Jero, Mark, & Robin
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news
See the Official Film Site
We have been invited to screen The Jungle Prescription during MAPS 25th anniversary conference: Cartographie Psychedelica. We are honored to be part of celebrating the work of an organization whose missions aligns so closely with our own intentions for making the film. If you are going to be in Oakland between drop by and say hi!
There will be 2 screenings:
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news
See the Official Film Site
The Jungle Prescription will air tomorrow, sunday, Nov 20th at 6pm ET in the CBC News Network. People inside Canada can also see the film online at this link.
For those outside Canada, DVDs are available through our kickstarter campaign
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for latest news
See the Official Film Site
Visit our kickstarter campaign!
After 10 years of work The Jungle Prescription will broadcast today at 8PM EST in the CBC´s The nature of things. See what the major newspapers are talking about. After a news report about the documentary was posted online on Sunday, Dr. Gabor Maté received a letter form the Canadian Ministry of Health threatening persecution if he continued to work with ayahuasca… Don´t miss the rest of the story today!
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for broadcast dates on other countries and territories outside of Canada.
See the Official Film Site for The Jungle Prescription.
Doctor Gabor Maté ordered by Health Canada to stop sessions treating drug addicts with ayahuasca, an ancient Amazonian medicine
The full story of Mate’s work told in:
The Jungle Prescription
a documentary on CBC’s Nature of Things
Thursday, November 10th, 2011, 8pm EST
Vancouver’s Dr. Gabor Maté, who has used a traditional Amazonian tea to help drug addicts has been ordered by Health Canada on November 7th, to end the treatments or face criminal prosecution. Dr. Maté had been using ayahuasca, a powerful psychotropic plant-based tea, to help uncover painful memories in the addicts. Re-considering these memories may help the patients control or stop their addictive behaviour.
.”
Dr. Gabor Maté believe in what some may see.
Since1997, Nomad Films has produced factual programming for film and television that focuses on a wide range of compelling stories about social and political change, adventure, the environment, the arts, indigenous culture and science. Recent titles include: Disfarmer, (TVO, AVRO Netherlands, SVT Sweden and SBS Australia), Empire of the Word, (the epic television series about the history of reading, TVO, TFO SBS Australia, TG4 Ireland) and the feature documentary, When We Were Boys(official selection at Hot Docs 2009 and distributed in theatres by KinoSmith).
Details here. Keep an eye on our Facebook group for broadcast dates on other countries and territories outside of Canada.
See the Official Film Site for The Jungle Prescription
See the Official Film Site for The Jungle Prescription
After a news report about the documentary was posted online on Sunday, Dr. Gabor Maté received a letter form the Canadian Ministry of Health threatening persecution if he continued to work with ayahuasca… Don´t miss the rest of the story tomorrow, Nov 10, 8pm, in the CBC´s The Nature of Things.
Details here. Keep an eye on our Facebook group for broadcast dates on other countries and territories outside of Canada.
See the Official Film Site for The Jungle Prescription
Dr. Maté wants to change the way we consider and treat addiction in the developed world. In his view, we all suffer from addiction: from cocaine to worry, from tobacco to martyrdom, each of us has something to be healed. Ground Zero for this new treatment regime is his program in British Columbia. His plan is to create the first integrated program in North America: one that combines an elite team of traditional healers and psychotherapists, using ayahuasca as a catalyst for change. That is, assuming the authorities don’t arrest him first.
Don´t miss the rest of the story Nov 10, 8pm, in the CBC´s The Nature of Things. Details here
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for broadcast dates on other countries and territories outside of Canada.
See the Official Film Site for The Jungle Prescription will air in Canada Nov 10, 8pm, in the CBC´s The Nature of Things. Don´t miss the date
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for broadcast dates on other territories.
See the Official Film Site
The Jungle Prescription shuns easy answers, challenging preconceptions about addiction and the so-called War on Drugs. This sensitive, nuanced portrait of two doctors trying to find a new way to treat their patients takes us on a powerful emotional journey.
The Jungle Prescription will air in Canada Nov 10, 8pm, in the CBC´s The Nature of Things. Don´t miss the date
Keep an eye on our Facebook group for broadcast dates on other territories.
See the Official Film Site
Don´t miss it!
Lean more Nov 10.
Join the Facebook group
See the Official Film Site
Dr. Gabor Maté has a revolutionary idea: to treat addicts with compassion. His work as the resident doctor in Vancouver’s Portland Hotel - a last-chance destination for lifelong drug abusers - has been courageous, but incredibly frustrating. Maté hears of an ancient medicine could provide his patients with a solution. Its name is ayahuasca…
Lean more Nov 10.
Join the Facebook group
See the Official Film Site
Dr Jacques Mabit, founder Takiwasi. is a French doctor living in the Amazon. Arriving thirty years ago in Peru with Doctors Without Borders, Dr Mabit found that the jungle already had its own doctors. Working in poor rural communities, Mabit noticed something peculiar. Patients came to him with serious conditions; he would write a prescription. Weeks later, he would meet the patient in the street and observe how their conditions had improved. When asked, they confessed they couldn’t afford the medicines he prescribed. Instead, they had gone to see the local curandero – traditional healer- and received plant treatments.
Dr. Mabit was intrigued. What was it these local curanderos knew?…
Lean more Nov 10.
Join the Facebook group
See the Official Film Site
In the past years an underground of brave western doctors have begun to use ayahausca as a therapeutic tool. We realized we could make a film that not only pays homage to the richness of indigenous knowledge, but actually shows an example of how it can be put into practice - and the mutual benefits this can bring. There are not many examples of such interchanges in our world. This is why we felt it was so important that this story gets told.
Join the Facebook group
See the Official Film Site
The Jungle Prescription is a labour of love developed over the course of ten years of research, incorporating long periods of travel in the Amazon region. We have gathered an outstanding and unique collection of footage, stories, experiences and contacts in the complex and multifaceted ayahuasca world.
Join the Facebook group
See the Official Film Site
The Jungle Prescription stars: Dr. Gabor Maté,.
Join the Facebook group
See the Official Film Site
Our ayahuasca documentary, The Jungle Prescription, will be broadcast in just 11 days by the CBC´s prestigious science show The Nature of Things.
Join the Facebook group
See the Official Film Site
The Hot Docs Forum is the largest documentary pitch forum in North America, where filmmakers can pitch their projects to commissioning editors from the main broadcasters around the world.
We dropped our card in a Mountie Hat and won a go at it!
The ayahuasca project was given a shot at a last-minute pitch at the Forum. With less than 24 hours to prepare, we spent a sleepless night rehearsing the pitch and preparing the trailer. We arrived just in time to present… and won the audience “Cuban Hat” award for best pitch at the Forum! According to one delegate, “there was a palpable buzz in the room afterwards, for the first time in 2 days.”
It is time to go public. Come see! We launched a website, a new trailer, a facebook page. Stop by! see what the buzz is all about.
…and sign up if you want to be kept up to dateQualcomm New CEO Mollenkopf Gets Pay Raise, $50 Million in Stock
Dec. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Qualcomm Inc., which last week named President Steve Mollenkopf as its next chief executive officer, increased his annual salary to $1.1 million and awarded him stock worth $50 million over the next five years.
Mollenkopf, 44, also is eligible for a cash bonus targeted at 200 percent of his yearly salary, the company said yesterday in a filing..
Qualcomm announced the promotion of Mollenkopf, who has been second-in-command since 2011, last week after Bloomberg News reported that he was a candidate for the top job at Microsoft Corp. The largest maker of chips for mobile phones has delivered an average of 31 percent revenue growth in the past three fiscal years under the leadership of CEO Paul Jacobs, who will become executive chairman March 4.
Mollenkopf, who is also joining the board, won’t receive compensation for that role, the company said in the filing.
Qualcomm had been planning the management change for “a fairly long period of time,” and accelerated the plan, Jacobs said in a phone interview last week, without elaborating on the timing of the decision.
To contact the reporters on this story: Ian King in San Francisco at ianking@bloomberg.net
To contact the editors responsible for this story: Pui-Wing Tam at ptam13@bloomberg.net‘Artillery shell' fireworks hot this year in Anderson area
From our 2008 archives, area residents read the Declaration of Independence.
Larry Greer, Jr., Anderson County Fire Prevention Officer warns the dry conditions are not suitable for fireworks this fourth of July.
Pre-Fourth of July celebration and good times at the 15th annual Clemsonfest at the Foothills Area YMCA field in Seneca.
Fireworks are set off at Clemsonfest.
Christine Loveless of Anderson looks at a variety of fireworks for sale Thursday at Shelton Fireworks in Fair Play.
.
Need Help? Call us at 1-864-260-1284.
Monday-Friday: 6am-4:30pm / Saturday: 7am-11am / Sunday: 7am-2pmTalbots closing San Diego store
Classy women's retailer has struggled with losses in recent years
The classy women's clothing brand Talbots Inc. will close its Fashion Valley store around June 10 as part of a nationwide consolidation, leaving only three stores in the county.
A sign outside the Fashion Valley store says that items are at 50 percent to 70 percent off. The fixtures are also for sale. The Westfield UTC and La Jolla stores remain open. There is also a Talbots in The Forum at Carlsbad.
"As part of our previously announced plans to reduce Talbots store base and square footage, we will be closing our Fashion Valley store," said company spokeswoman Julie Lorigan. "We appreciate the San Diego community for its support over the years and we are pleased that our customers will be able to continue to shop with Talbots at our La Jolla and UTC locations or at Talbots.com."
The Hingham, Mass., company is known for its well-made clothing with traditional, breezy, modest designs suitable for a day on Cape Cod or a ladies' lunch. It sells a lot of trench coats, ballet flats, floral dresses and crisp white shirts. The company has struggled recently, with annual losses in three of the past four years. It had to offer steep discounts to move merchandise during the holidays.
This week, the company said it has received a sweetened buyout offer from its largest shareholder, the private equity firm Sycamore Partners, that values the company at about $211 million.
By its most recent count, Talbots operated 517 stores. In December, the company outlined plans for cutting corporate jobs, trimming store employees' hours, and closing a total of 110 stores by the end of 2013. While Talbots is closing underperforming stores, it plans to remodel "premium stores" and expand its premium outlet division.
To save money, the company also suspended its national advertising and TV campaigns, reduced store employees' hours and discontinued a children's line.
Founded in 1947, the retailer's customers are mainly women 35 years old and up.
Email me: tanya.mannes@utsandiego.com | Tweet me: @TanyaMannes | Subscribe to this blog.
Connect with The San Diego Union-Tribune
-
-
-
-
-Calvin College Building Closed While Threat is Investigated
Police are investigating suspicious letter containing a powdery substance that was delivered to Calvin College.
According to an alert that was sent out to students, the school received a threatening letter in the mail print services building containing a powdery substance.Name: Srikanth Murali
Date of Birth : 11/01/86
Occupation: Engineer at amazon.com
CrossFitting Since: September 2012
First CrossFit Experience: I started with bootcamp last fall. I used to run for 3 miles every day before I joined and I considered myself reasonably fit. My first workout was 7 min AMRAP of 10 Wallballs and 10 Situps and my body couldn’t handle the intensity of that workout. I was feeling very dizzy at the end of the workout and I asked Eric if he had any Gatorade and in return he gave me a 5 min Lecture on what to eat/drink after the workout (perhaps the longest 5 mins of my Life :P). In the end I was sure I was in the right place.
Favorite CrossFit WOD: Any workout with Wallballs or pull-ups.
Favorite Lift: Power clean, Squat Clean. Its pretty challenging, given the amount of technique involved in these lifts.
Least Favorite WOD: Any workout with Burpees, it just slows down my entire workout.
Favorite CrossFit Moment: When I started doing pull-ups. I started with a green band in Bootcamp and I was expecting make quick progress, but it didn’t turnout to be as simple as I expected. Finally, I was able to do them at around 2 months back and very soon I was able to aggregate 50 pull-ups in a workout. Though this didn’t happen in a single moment, it was definitely my best experience in CrossFit.
Why do you CrossFit: Because its fun. I am sure there can’t be a better reason which makes me to come there and go outside my comfort zone every day with minimal motivation from my side.
Cheat Meal of choice: Go to an all you can eat Indian buffet.
CrossFit Secret: I try to take 1 rep at a time and keep pushing every rep. This helps me maintain form and speed during every rep rather than constantly focussing on the target.
What do you do on your days off: I am probably doing some hike or indoor rock climbing or doing a movie marathon in netflix.
Can’t leave home without: My apartment keys. My door auto locks and I can’t enter with out them.
Dream vacation spot: Some nice Beach with a nearby Scuba Diving spot.When we consider every subject taught in school (both academic and athletic), which one in particular rises above the rest? Which subject is the most vital for shaping a desirable future for students? Every subject is uniquely important, but which one is the most practical and applicable to everyday life? Which subject taught in school sticks with us the longest, and is used most often in everyday endeavours? I'll start off: Mathematics. Reason being because it is a fundamental basis for almost every aspect of life. It finds its way into almost every type of career. It is applied in regular encounters all the time. It is possibly the only course that is not subjective. There are plenty other reasons as well, of course. Note: I apologize if this is in the wrong forum.Organization
Self
Online simulation and more
for nanotechnology
Find information on common issues.
Ask questions and find answers from other users.
Suggest a new site feature or improvement.
Check on status of your tickets.
David A Saenz graduated from The University of Texas at El Paso in May 2011 and sterted his PhD in the field of microelectronics and nanotechnology at Purdue University in August 2011.Too early? Republicans audition for 2016 election
The former Massachusetts governor also heaped praise on his running mate, Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan, pointing to Ryan's "clear "need to be relevant" by shifting their focus away from Washington debates and to the issues facing middle-class Americans in the states.."
---
Follow Ken Thomas on Twitter: and Steve Peoples
The Associated Press
Connect with The San Diego Union-Tribune
-
-
-
-
-With finals week only a few days away, I’ve been spending more time in the library than in waders. We have found a few hours in between class to take a break from school and relieve some stress. Cody, Undie, and I waded a section of the Bitterroot on monday. The weather was a little windy, but fishing was ok as we nymphed up few handfuls of rainbows.
Today we ran down to Walmart, picked up some shells and clay pigeons, and went shooting. There’s not many other countries that you can do that after class! Soon the misery of finals will be over and we’ll have winter break to kick back and relax, just gotta study hard and finish strong first.Henry learned his lessons so well, he is now on the professional staff of both the hotel and the shelter. He is the greeter, now so imperturbable he is trained to approach, sniff and circle every dog arriving at Stay and Found, while trainers assess the reaction of the new dog to gauge its temperament.
Intense personal interaction was the key to rehabilitating Ralphie, Boemi said. For three months, a couple of dozen volunteers spent time with Ralphie, who also was treated for severe heartworm infection.NEW ORLEANS -- Joakim Noah cleared another hurdle in his recovery from surgery to repair a torn ligament in his right thumb. The 6-11 center has begun participating in half-court contact drills during practice and remains on schedule to return to the active roster immediately following the All-Star break.
"He hasn't been cleared yet to do the (full-court) scrimmaging part, which will be the next step for him," Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau said. "What (trainer) Fred (Tedeschi) has laid out is a plan for progression. (Noah) is cleared for contact and the next phase will be total contact."
That final phase could come as early as Monday when the Bulls return to the Berto Center for their first practice following the nearly two-week road trip that wraps up tonight against the New Orleans Hornets.
When he's cleared for total contact, Noah could conceivably play in a game immediately, but the Bulls have decided that he won't see game action until Feb. 23 when they play at Toronto. Coincidentally, Toronto was the last place he played on Dec. 15 before having surgery the next day.
"I'm very excited," Noah said. "I'm working out, I've got some tape on my hand instead of a little cast, I can shoot a little bit and I'll get back on the court as soon as I can.
"It's been good just getting use to the contact again. Obviously, I'm still not where I want to be, but I'm working hard at it every day."Featured Competition
Best Couple Blingee
Time Left: about 11 hours
These graphics are part of our extensive collection of stamps, glitters, icons, stickers and cliparts. Upload custom graphics here to use in the free Blingee online photo editor, and create art on your favorite topics.
Related Images
In the Spotlight
created by: kaykitty727S. Log on to sa-metrobass.org.
June 19: Cabela’s Kids Fest, ?10 a.m.-5 p.m., Buda. Event to pass on outdoor heritage with activities including catfish pond and casting contest. Visit cabelas.com, go to Buda store and events.
June 19: Monthly match of the San Antonio Rough Riders, a cowboy-action shooting club, ?8 a.m., Winchester Range at the National Shooting Complex, 5931 Roft Road. Nonmembers welcome. Call (210) 269-2503 or visit saroughriders.com.
June 19: Monthly match of the Tejas Caballeros, a cowboy- action shooting club, 8 a.m., on a private range near Driftwood. (512) 894-0897 or tejascaballeros.org.
June 20: New Braunfels Schuetzen Verein’s Sattler Offhand Medal shoot for .22 rifles with iron sights, NBSV range, New Braunfels. Log on to.
June 25: Texas Ducks Unlimited State Convention, noon, Omni Hotel. $85. Call (325) 236-6726 or e-mail jwhite@ducks.org.
June 25-26: Texas Wildlife Association’s 25th annual convention, Hyatt Regency Hill Country Resort & Spa. Seminars June 26 on Land Stewardship and Hunting Ethics at 8:35 a.m. and Landowner Toolbox at 2 p.m. Log on to texas-wildlife.org.
June 26: Cibolo Nature Center’s Songs & Stories outdoor concert series with the Lost Mule Band, 7:30 p.m., Hwy. 46 near the Kendall County Fairgrounds. Fundraiser for the center’s education and outreach program. Call (830) 249-4616 or visit cibolo.org.
June 26: Match 69 of the White Smoke Brigade, a muzzleloading firearms organization, west side of FM 306 just south of Purgatory Road. One single-shot pistol and three rifle matches. Nonmembers welcome. Call Joe Wolf for information and directions, (830) 935-3121, or wolfbear@gvtc.com.
June 26: Texas State Rifle Association’s Small-bore 3 Position Outdoor State Championship, Copperhead Creek Shooting Range at Hidden Falls Adventure Park, FM 1431, Marble Falls. Log on to tsra.com.
June 26: San Antonio Audubon Society’s monthly field trip to Mitchell Lake Audubon Center, 7:30 a.m. at the entrance gate on the east side of Moursund Boulevard. Nonmembers welcome. Call (210) 628-1639 or visit mitchelllakeaudubon.org.
June Outdoor Calendar? E-mail John Goodspeed at john@johngoodspeed.com.Recent Comments
- 2 years ago Yeah, lets hope this is not true. I use whatsapp a lot and Google would ruin it.
- 2 years ago Yeah, lets hope this is not true. I use whatsapp a lot and Google would ruin it.
- 2 years ago I love the look of the concept art work, however. I LOVE heavy phones. The iPhone 4 is nicer than 5 purely because it doesn...
- 2 years ago Diabolical.
- 2 years ago I can't see why Nokia have made a "Nokia Video" app. It's only....natural? WP8 is terrible for video, I feel microsoft or...
- 2 years ago Shut up, this is what your getting for now, be greatful for what you've got, not what you MIGHT be getting.
- 2 years ago YAY! I can use it on my browser at work.
- 2 years ago It still doesn't let you attach pictures in messages, nothing I wanted is updated. Still love WP
- 2 years ago HAHA
- 2 years ago looool
- 2 years ago I too like photoplay
- 2 years ago Da Faq is this?
- 2 years ago I have done the same, but with sticky tape.
- 2 years ago Haha, cheers man. That made me smile.
- 2 years ago Its fantastic that they supported all three OS platforms however the WP8 app is beautiful
Recent Forum Posts
- 2 years ago I downloaded mine too, I see no battery improvement but maybe that is WhatsApp sucking it up?...
- 2 years ago Ok, So, the Facebook app is now updated to 4.1.0.0 so we have push notifications, lockscreen notifications and all that. ...
- 2 years ago Nope it's just the hone screen with only messages and phone pinned on and both are large tiles. :(...
- 2 years ago I want to be different, WP8 seems, so pure and clean. I wish we had better apps that is all, the main reason was the awesome ...
- 2 years ago Country bought from: United Kingdom Unlocked? Yes Color: Black Charging Method: Usually wireless - overnight and USB at wo...
View More
History
- Member for
- 2 years 5 monthsKuff's World
A reader blog about politics and current events with Charles Kuffner
Posts filtered on Tag
Day One early voting totals
Here are the Day One primary early voting totals, which was reasonably heavy and which went according to prediction, with most of the votes on the Republican side. The Chron preview story lays it out. Early voting for the March 4 primaries begins Tuesday with Harris County Republican Party Chairman Jared Woodfill predicting a turnout […] ]]
Show MoreCHAPEL HILL, North Carolina, June 4. UNIVERSITY of North Carolina head swimming coach Rich DeSelm announced Monday that an additional nine prospective student-athletes will be joining the Tar Heel aquatics program this fall. This increases next year's total number of newcomers to 24, including the 15 who signed with the Tar Heels last fall. The recruiting class includes 12 men and 12 women.
Spring commitments on the women's side include Kaitlyn Furey, Allison Haufler, Ally Hardesty and Ann Goessling. The men's signees include incoming freshmen Chris Gondeck, Sean Sullivan and Kurt Wohlrab as well as transfers Brad Dillon and David Speese from the University of Maryland.
Kaitlyn Furey is anative of Carrboro, N.C., who competes for head coach Sean Quinn at the North Carolina Aquatic Club. She is primarily a sprint and middle distance freestyler. Furey has career best times of 51.82 seconds in the 100-yard freestyle and 1:50.66 in the 200-yard freestyle. “Kaitlyn and her club teammate Chris Gondek join us at UNC as two more in a long line of swimmers and divers hailing from our local club team, NCAC,” says DeSelm. “She has steadily improved throughout high school and we are eager to help her continue that improvement on the national level.”
Allison Haufler hails from Ashburn, Va., where she competes for head coach Dan Jacobs at Machine Aquatics. She is a 2012 alumnus of Briar Woods High School. Her career best times are 55.79 in the 100-yard butterfly and 2:03.87 in the 200-yard butterfly. “Alli visited UNC on our Junior Day and almost immediately let us know UNC was her No. 1 choice,” says DeSelm. “She has steadily improved and will join a great group of women in this incoming class. We have a deep group of flyersthis season and we expect them all to improve by pushing one another.”
Ally Hardesty comes to Chapel Hill from Knoxville, Tenn., where she competes for the Pilot AquaticClub under the direction of head coach Jim Rumbaugh. A sprint and middle distance freestyler she has career best clockings of 50.52 in the 100-yard freestyle and 1:48.28 in the 200-yard freestyle. She is an alumnus of Bearden High School where she swam with current UNC rising sophomore John Paul Gaylor. “We are excited to have Ally join us at UNC. She comes from an athletic family, including relatives who have played football and water polo,” says DeSelm. “We hope to help her use her tall frame and natural speed to continue to improve and contribute in the shorter freestyle events and on relays.”
Ann Goessling joins the Tar Heels from St. Louis, Mo. She competed there for the CSP Tideriders under the direction of head coach Dave McCrary. She attended Mary Insitute and St. Louis Country Day School in Ladue, Mo. Goessling's top times are 1:05.06 in the 100-yard breaststroke and 2:04.74 in the 200-yard individual medley. “Annie also visited during her junior year and expressed strong interest in UNC,” DeSelm says. “She is a terrific student and has continued to develop in the pool. We think she will blossom in the pool in college.”
Brad Dillon hails from Reston, Va., and competed for the Curl-Burke Swim Club for coach John Flanagan. He transfers to Carolina after swimming his first two years collegiately for coach Sean Schimmel at the University of Maryland. Dillon graduated from South Lakes High School in 2010. Dillon has career best times of 48.66 in the 100-yard backstroke and1:45.57 in the 200-yard backstroke. As a sophomore in 2012, he finished 10th in the 100-yard backstroke, 10th in the 200-yard backstroke and 16th in the 500-yard freestyle at the ACC Championships. “Brad has been a steady ACC scorer and will make an immediate impact at UNC,” says DeSelm. “He developed in high school under John Flannigan at CUBU and continued improving at Maryland. We are excited to add an experienced swimmer to our team.”
Chris Gondek is a Chapel Hill native who swims for head coach Sean Quinn at the North Carolina Aquatic Club. A 2012 alumnus of Carrboro High School, he has career best times of 47.30 in the 100-yard freestyle and 1:43.53 in the 200-yard freestyle. “Chris is also a member of our local team, NCAC, and has steadily improved. He has a terrific kick and should continue to improve with more specialized training,” said DeSelm.
David Speese is a transfer from the University of Maryland who comes to Chapel Hill after swimming one season for the Terrapins. A native of Doylestown, Pa., he was coached by Sean Schimmel at UM and he did his club swimming for the Central Bucks Swim Team where he was mentored by Stu Kukla. He attended high school at La Salle College High School in Wyndmoor, Pa. Speese has career best times of 55.57 in the 100-yard breaststroke and 1:58.04 in the 200-yard breaststroke. At the 2012 ACC Championships he finished 12th in the 100-yard breaststroke and tied for fourth in the 200-yard breaststroke. “David has scored at the ACC level and has Olympic Trial qualifying times,” says DeSelm. “We are excited to bring a proven ACC finalist into our breaststroke corps. Hisexperience and work ethic should help everyone in the group.”
Sean Sullivan is an Alexandria, Va., native and another veteran of the Curl-Burke Swim Club where he was mentored by Jeff King. Apromising freestyle sprinter, he has career best times of 20.58 in the 50-yard freestyle and 45.23 in the 100-yard freestyle. “Sean also committed to UNC early in his senior year and has steadily improved. With our losses to graduation of several key members of our sprint relays, we are excited to work with Sean toward his continued improvement,” says DeSelm.
Kurt Wohlrab rounds out this year's recruiting class. A native of Pinehurst, N.C., he swims for the Sandhills Sandsharks under the direction of coach Taylor Cooper. Wohlrab's career best times include a 55.63 in the 100-yard breaststroke, a 2:02.16 in the 200-yard breaststroke and a 49.75 in the 100-yard butterfly. “Kurt is quick and explosive and we think with more strength, power and training, he will develop into a terrific breaststroker/butterflier,” says DeSelm. “We are excited to have one of the best breaststrokers from North Carolina stay in state to join us.”
Last November, UNCannounced the initial 15 recruits for the Class of 2016. This group included eight women and seven men who signed National Letters Of Intent during the 2011-12 early signing period last November.
That women's class last November includes swimmers Madison Burns of Allentown, Pa., Rachel Canty of Burke, Va., Lauren Earp ofTor fall signees on the men's side included swimmers Ben Colley of Williamsburg, Va., Mitch DeForest of Cary, N.C., Nic Graesser of Wayne, Pa., Logan Heck of Mooresville, N.C., Matt Kwatyra of London, Ontario, Sam Lewis of Alpharetta, Ga., and diver Ozzie Moyer of Harleysville, Pa..WND Exclusive
Paul warns of 'next bubble burst'
Texas congressman assesses damage in wake of market plunge
Acting as a “central economic planner,” the Federal Reserve is moving the U.S. economy from one market bubble to another, and the next one will be a disaster, Rep. Ron Paul, R-Texas, told Michael Savage on the “Savage Nation” national radio show.
After the collapse of the tech, housing and financial bubbles, Paul said, the “dollar bubble” will be next.
“That’s going to be the big one,” the Texas congressman said on the heels of yesterday’s worldwide market plummet, which saw the Dow lose more than 500 points.
In response to the market bloodbath, Paul noted, investors are pouring money into treasury bills and dollars, “but that is a bubble, too.”
“When the panic comes, and they leave the dollar and go into real assets, that’s when the whole world knows that a new monetary system is on the horizon, because this one will not last,” Paul warned.
Days like yesterday, he said, “are warning signs that that big crash is coming for the dollar.”
Paul emphasized that along with Congress balancing the budget and stopping spending, the U.S. needs a new monetary system.
“The system is built on a monetary system where the Fed creates money out of thin air,” he said. “You have to stop doing that, because that is what caused the deficits to pile on and the financial bubble.”
Pointing to the bank bailouts, he said lawmakers “must allow bankruptcy to occur instead of bailing them out.”
Instead, a new bubble was created, “and that’s why these financial now are in so much trouble.”
“All they were doing is sucking in all this money the Fed was creating,” Paul said, “and the Fed was buying up all this debt. And guess what? The average person in the middle class suffered from that. They’re the ones who lost their jobs and lost their houses.”
Tending his roses
Savage pointed out that while many banks benefited from the so-called Troubled Asset Relief Program passed by Congress, known as TARP, there was no ultimate benefit to the economy.
“The average person didn’t get that money,” Paul affirmed.
Paul recalled pointing out to Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke that with the amount given to financial institutions and big corporations, “you could have given every single person in this country $16,000.”
“But you gave it to the big corporations and it didn’t help the economy,” he told Bernanke. “It helped the big banks, but they’re in the same trouble again.”
Paul agreed with Savage that one needed fix is a raise in the Social Security retirement age.
“The money that was put in there has been already spent, so if you’re going to salvage it, you’re going to have to do that,” Paul said.
The lawmaker also would like to give young people a chance to opt out of the government’s retirement system.
“We talk about opting out of Obamacare, why shouldn’t young people say, ‘Look, government’s not very good at giving me my insurance, whether it’s medical insurance or retirement insurance?’”
Paul said that the young people he talks to “don’t believe for a minute that this government is going to provide them with a retirement benefit when they’re 65.”
To offer that opt-out, he noted, there will need to be spending cuts in other areas.
Savage pinned blame for yesterday’s market slide on Obama and congressional Democrats.
“The people were screaming, ‘Balance the budget, cut spending, cut benefits.’ No, he said the opposite,” Savage told his listeners. “‘Not only will we not cut spending, not only will we not cut benefits, but we’re going to increase spending. We’re going to raise the debt limit.’
“And Harry Reid went home to tend to his roses, Barack Hussein went back to the barbeque pit to slather some thick, greasy sauce on whatever they’re cooking over there, and look what happened.”A vacant and blighted former nursing home in North Toledo was knocked down Monday to the cheers of neighbors who plan to replace it with an arboretum.
A city excavator started razing the former Arbors of Toledo, 2920 Cherry St.,.
“It was seriously delinquent in its property taxes to the tune of over $100,000,” he said. “It was owned by an investment fund based in South Florida, it was purchased for speculative purposes in 2010, and almost immediately started not paying its taxes.”
The 100-bed facility closed in 2010. About 120 workers lost their jobs when the facility closed.
Mr. Kapszukiewicz said the owners were willing to transfer the property in lieu of paying the back taxes.
“The investor, Ohio Arbors Holdings, which is a subsidiary of Millennium Management, I think was willing right away to transfer the property to the land bank and others, but was maybe not as willing to help pay for some of the demolition,” he said. “In the end, we were able to work out a deal where they not only transfer to us the property, but also transfer $50,000 to us to assist in the demolition.”
The demolition will cost about $125,000, which includes about $30,000 for asbestos removal, said Toledo spokesman Jen Sorgenfrei.
In addition to the $50,000 from the former owners, $34,000 came from federal Neighborhood Stabilization Program 2 funds, and $12,000 came from Mercy St. Vincent Medical Center. Asbestos remediation was handled by the city's environmental services department. The city will pay the balance.
Mayor Bell praised the collaborative effort of the city, county, Mercy, and the neighborhood group.
“I come past this place so many times and was just waiting for the opportunity to see this either become functional again or what's occurring today,” Mayor Bell said of the demolition.
Mercy plans to contribute toward some of the cost of establishing an arboretum on the property.
“It is our hope the green space about to be created here will be a fitting reflection of the beauty of the Calvin Bronson Estate, which once sat on this land,” said Rita Piekutowski, secretary of the Bronson Place Association. Mr. Bronson was a tobacco manufacturer in Toledo in the mid-1800s.
The land bank was created in August, 2010, but did not start acquiring properties until February, 2011. By its third anniversary, it had acquired more than 1,200 properties — of which about 740 were transferred to adjacent property owners.
Contact Ignazio Messina at: imessina@theblade.com or 419-724-6171 or on Twitter @IgnazioMessina.Seværdigheder og attraktioner
Chiang MaiOperating day:
DailyOperating time: 08.00 - 17.00
Contact Details
Wat Chedi Liam or Chedi Ku Kham Wat Chedi Liam or Chedi Ku Kham
Wiang Kum Kam, Amphoe Mueang, Chiang Mai
Kategori : Buddhisttempel
Attraction.
The closest destination to this result :
See & Do in Chiang Mai :There. »
- In: Euro 2008
- 8 Comments
We).ino Drpić (NK Dinamo Zagreb), Dario Kenež),.”
Recent Comments$62.60Go to Amazon.com M...
This cable features LC duplex connectors and is designed for use with the EXP810 Storage Expansion Unit and other DS4000 family products.
See complete specifications
Find, Compare, Read Reviews & Buy the IBM 39M5697 Network Cable Online @ Yahoo Shopping Want to see your products in Yahoo Shopping? Advertise with us. Sitemap All Brands
Terms | Privacy | About Our Ads | HelpTag Archives: tangerine
Spring Colors Trends for 2012
Spring is my favorite time of year - for decorating my home and myself. I view my artwork in my home like I view my choice of clothing -- they are both a reflection of who I am. So being in style is important to me. Spring usually brings out the boldest colors of the year, and 2012 has BRIGHT colors, and I absolutly love all of them. From neons to soft pastels this spring colors are HOT!
These ladies are sporting all the trends -- let's start from left to right. As most of you know from Breanna's blog post, Tangerine is the IN color, so go ahead and get an entire outfit of Tangerine, look how fabulous this woman looks.
The next woman is sporting a shade of pantone color Cockatoo -- paired with Starfish accents giving her an airy yet elegent look. These colors are sure to brighten any room making it feel more open and airy. I just placed Beach Series III by Sara Abbott in my living room and I can almost feel the cool breeze sweeping through.
In the middle we have the bright yellow that has come full circle and returned to be one of the hottest colors again this spring. Pair it with pantone Caberet (shoes) and you have a knock out look that is sure to turn every head.
This next outfit, really captures the essence of Spring 2012 with the mixture of Margarita Green and Sodalite Blue with the floral pattern. If you are going to wear florals this spring, make sure they are bright and big, and the colors are in season and you could rock this look.
The last outfit is a nice sophisticated blend of the Cackatoo with a light shade of Tangerine - almost a coral color, which is definitely an in color.
Think BOLD, BRIGHT and BEAUTIFUL!Hudson Barton - 18 July 2009 07:54 AMThe.
The.
Hudson, I haven’t read the rest of this thread yet, so maybe there has been further discussion about this comment, but I have to say you are way, way off base. I just spent a lot of time during the last two weeks with my CP bishop who signed the Anaheim statement and I can tell you with absolute certainty he is not “blowing smoke.”
No, he will do nothing to remove himself or his flock from TEC. I wouldn’t want him to. But believe me, he is not trying to avoid criticism or waiting to retire in comfort—for one thing, his retirement is a good 25 years away. I suggest you talk to these bishops before you start judging their motives.
Hi Bob, David, and Other Defenders of D025,
If D025 did nothing (merely “descriptive not prescriptive”), then why did the PB write in her joint letter to ABC the following: ““Some within our Church may understand Resolution D025 to give Standing Committees (made up of elected clergy and laity) and Bishops with jurisdiction with more latitude in consenting to episcopal elections?” If B033’s call for restraint is still the “fact on the ground,” how can D025 provide “more latitude?” Are we now going to argue over different levels of restraint?
What frustrates me is that in the PB’s own letter, she buys into the “descriptive, not prescriptive” nonsense (side note—what does that really mean?) while explicitly stating that D025 provides greater latitude vis-a-vis consents from what existed under B033. Humpty Dumpty anyone? Why can’t we just be honest and say “Look folks, we’ve read Windsor and we’ve read the Covenant, and we really tried for a couple of years to do what you wanted, but we’re not going to stop what we perceive to be God’s special call on TEC just because the rest of you don’t get it yet. Love you, bye.”
But Charlie, what if heretics won’t leave? And if there is either nobody with the authority to expel them, or those with the authority don’t use it? Is one obliged to stay in a heretical body whose teachings one does not believe? Is this Kobayashi Maru, the no-win scenario, where no matter what one does, it’s wrong?
As a ST fan, I really like the ref to Kobayashi Maru!
The major problem I face is the fact we don’t live in the 4th century! During the Arian crisis, Athanasius did not leave the Church, but fought to reform it. He died (373) before he witnessed the re-establishment (381) of the orthodox position.
But we live post-Reformation, where the standard way of dealing with heresy in a church is to leave. It is argued that Luther had no intention of starting a new church, that he wanted to reform the Catholic church. But the situation of the time made that impossible. Maybe it is impossible for us as well.
Plus we have lived with the strain of thought I call “pure church” ever since the Reformation (although Augustine wrestled with it). Most of the arguments I have seen against staying in TEC have a pure church look and feel. The “come out from among them” camp. The arguments goes that you should only be in a church that is pure in doctrine and practice. It is obvious that this idea only has traction in a post-Reformation world.
Maybe the sharpest edge of your comment is that there is no authority to expel. Like in Athanasius’ time, it is the heretical that has the power, and they can expel us (Athanasius lost his diocese, and part of his fight was to get it back).
Bottom line: I know what would be the easy thing to do: to leave. It is hard to stay. As I have said, my parish has been torn apart by this fight. Why not just go to the AMIA church in town where there are no problems (!)? Or start the process of joining the RCC? But I am committed to my parish, and when commitment is easy, there is no problem. It is when being committed is hard that it then reveals character. If we as a parish decide to leave TEC, then I’ll go. But until that is the clear discernment of the parish, I stay.
I once had a friend who talked about pew-hoppers, people who seemed to let any disagreement be a reason to move on. I don’t want to trivialize the disagreements within TEC, but I am thankful that there are TEC members who have decided to stay in spite of their disagreements with the PB, the GC, and folks like me. I think there is great wisdom in what has been called the Benedictine promise, those three promises that are traditional in Benecictine communities: stability, obedience and conversion of life. Stability, staying in community in good times and bad, provides the context for the listening, the attention to God that is at the heart of obedience and which leads to the conversion of life, our transformation. God may call us to leave a community - TEC? - but it should be God’s call and not simply our own unwillingness to deal with disagreements and conflict. It is a reflection of this wisdom that we find in the canon that requires that their be mutual discerment when a priest to serve as rector and when the priest leaves. Unless the Vestry agrees, the rector’s resignation does not take effect and the priest cannot leave.
Dear Charlie,
the problem is deeper the moral life or lack thereof. It has to do with hermenuetic and how primary standards are interpreted or non-existant. It’s a very deep crisis, and the hermenuetic puts everything at risk, including the Trinity and Episcopacy itself. I think as you peel the layers of onion back, you see something perhaps worst than the Arian controversy ?
Well, either way, with neither an emperor nor a king, the Church has no hard legal means of attaining unity and enforcing orthodoxy - and this is exacerbated by the sad lack of inter-provincial canon law within the Anglican Communion at present.
Hermeneutics is indeed a slippery slope, not least because “interpretation” and “application” are rather unhelpfully collapsed into one another under the broad banner of “hermeneutics”. This is what both the left and the right seem to miss; hammering out rules of interpretation, as GAFCON has done, doesn’t really get to the issue of application, and flaky liberal claims about differences of interpretation fail in precisely the same regard. You can only interpret a text so many ways; the question is, all too often, not “what does it mean?” but “what do we do with it?” Yet, here is where a lack of training in philosophical hermeneutics sounds a death knell, for Heidegger rightly recognized that we are “always already” conditioned by being-in-the-world, yet what passes for discussions of hermeneutics today - in the church, at least - has no respect for “being-in-the-church” and thus approaches interpretation as if it were done in a historical vacuum. Thus, the reason that discussions of interpretation can never go anywhere is because they conflate meaning with action, and because they then approach the question of interpretation from a hyper-individualistic standpoint, where neither tradition nor community has any epistemic worth (and, therefore, is assumed to not be worthy of taking into account). The philosophical naivete of the present is nothing short of maddening, as both the left and the right have the rather bizarre assumption that they are fundamentally in the right - as if the conclusions might be always already justified by the premises!
Charlie: ACNA does want to be a new church. It wants to be the Anglican province in North America. Problem is, there already is one.
Response: No, Charlie, the founders of the ACNA have been clear from the start. They never intended to be a new church. They have organized an alternative province in North American under the auspices of other Anglican primates. pecusa isn’t even a church let alone a province according to the Anglican norms set out in the 39 Articles.
Charlie
The point to bring up Ep 2:11-22 was to show that ecclesiology is deeply embedded in the Gospel, a point you denied, but that this passage clearly shows.
Response: I didn’t deny that ecclesiology is part of the Gospel; I said that ecclesiology is in service to the Gospel. I stand by that statement. The Gospel creates the New Covenant community.
Charlie: An aside: You don’t really want to make an argument listing the sins of TEC as a sign that they are not expressing the love of Christ, do you?
Response: Not exactly. I want to argue that the sins of TEC are in violation of communion norms that are based on NT ethics.
How you can use Ephesians as your justification for oneness with heretics is beyond me.
Charlie: I don’t claim oneness with heretics (although the term heretic is ambiguous these days - more of a pejorative than a technical term - the discussion here bears attention. I claim that the oneness of the Church is foundational,
Response: But you are one with heretics. Heretic is not ambiguous. You can find a fine article on heresy by Thomas Oden on my blog DCNY as well as links for a rebuttal and a response to the rebuttal.
Charlie: You did a typical rhetorical thing here by ignoring my main point so as to rail on TEC. I can rail on TEC too (fishing by gunpowder in an enclosed, cylindrical space has is limited, pleasant charms). If you’d like to talk about the relationship of ecclesiology to the Gospel, and why those of us staying believe it central that be great.
Reponse: my railing on pecusa was in the context of interpreting Ephesians in terms of ecclesiology. I thought that was the exercise you laid out.
Charlie: The question still remains: Why do I have to leave? I am not
the heretic (IMHO). I submit we have so marinated in Protestant water that we can hardly consider a different alternative than “come out from among them.”
I agree that TEC has blown through all that not just Ephesisans, but most other scripture, warns against. But let *them* leave then. I’m staying. think part of the problem here, Tony, is the confusion between “province” and “church”. The organization of the Anglican Communion is fundamentally episcopal and diocesan, not provincial. Ergo, although parts of the Episcopal Church may fail on certain matters of life and doctrine, this does not mean that every diocese so fails. I encourage reading Ephraim Radner’s The Organizational Basis of the Anglican Communion. To paint every lay person, every deacon, priest, and bishop with one and the same brush smacks of the same excessive provincialism that infects a significant portion of the liberal left in the Episcopal Church.
Okay, Benjamin, so dioceses are free to leave pecusa. At least we have this common ground. Those dioceses who remain with pecusa are united with heresy and apostasy according to communion standards (WR, DeS). I won’t paint every person in pecusa with the same brush; I will say that all in pecusa are united with heresy and apostasy while not everyone in pecusa actually participates in the sins of pecusa. I will say again that the CP bishops were not only totally ineffective (which is no surprise given the overwhelming numbers of liberals in GC09) but they were also timid in the extreme. What good is a minority statement that is signed by bishops who voted for the offensive resolutions?
I still would like to hear from you on how the 18th century high churchmen would have responded to the flagrant autonomy, heresy and apostasy of present-day pecusa. I have a hard time picturing these great men in league with the CP.
Tony -
First, in terms of what anyone from the past would have said about the present, that is a matter of pointless speculation that no one can answer. They lived then; we live now. We do know, of course, that some of them protested against heresy in their own day. However, I know of none of them who advocated for dividing the church when a heretical bishop (Hoadley) went unremoved from his diocese. Perhaps that partially answers the question about autonomy: they rejected it on all counts, as far as we can tell, although it should be kept in mind that they never lived with a situation analogous to our own. (This, of course, is rather different than the option propounded by the Non-Jurors vis-a-vis the monarchy and the episcopate after the Glorious Revolution.) If you have evidence - not to be confused with mere assertion - to the contrary, I do welcome it.
Second, how do you approach church history? More specifically, in the early church when heresy entered various dioceses, does that mean that every bishop back then was “united with heresy and apostasy”? Removing particular bishops was a possibility in the early Church, but is not a canonical possibility in the strictures of the Anglican Communion at present (which, for the record, I think is part of the problem). Sadly, asking bishops on both extreme sides to operate within the canon law and customs of the Anglican Communion thus far has been rebuffed in favor of a tit-for-tat strategy that continues to bring about considerable destruction to the whole.
Benjamin, I am surprised at your response about the 18th century high churchmen since you are the one who brought them into the conversation when you took a swipe at contemporary evangelicals.
re: church history, certainly Athanasius and other bishops did all that they could to distance themselves from heresy. Certainly Ireneaus and others did all they could to speak against heresy. When heresy entered particular dioceses the orthodox did all they could to combat it. Today in pecusa we see that niceness reigns where once bishops with backbone fought back against heresy.
Individual bishops is not even close to getting at the problem; it goes much deeper than that, as I would guess you realize.
Michael Russell - 18 July 2009 07:28 PMI just do not remember liberals in the 60s and 70s abandoning TEC as the ultraconservatives have done.
I just do not remember liberals in the 60s and 70s abandoning TEC as the ultraconservatives have done.
Well, what reason would they have had to leave? They were winning!
Response: Not exactly. I want to argue that the sins of TEC are in violation of communion norms that are based on NT ethics.
We agree.
I reject the “pure church” assumption.
Reponse: my railing on pecusa was in the context of interpreting Ephesians in terms of ecclesiology. I thought that was the exercise you laid out. was trying to figure out why your response made me mad. I first realized I was hungry, so eating dinner helped.
But ultimately you give the impression of being more interested in argument than understanding. I know I am guilty of this all the time, but now you’ll have to show you understand what I’m trying to say before I’ll be interested in your rebuttal.
Tony,
On a point we might agree on, I am mad that the WWAC has (mostly) left us high and dry. Michael will disagree, but the ABC, the ACC, the Primates, and Lambeth could have stepped in to provide resolution to this mess. They have not. People in TEC have claimed that the ABC doesn’t understand the polity of TEC (I think he understands): what he doesn’t understand is the stress orthodox Episcopalians are under.
My ecclesiastical conscience will be clear if ACNA is granted official status in Communion, something that I think has been made more likely by the actions of GC.
Charlie, I’m not at all convinced that the ABC cares what stress orthodox Episcopalians are feeling. The only resolution I see ever coming from the Instruments of Communion/Unity is discipline for pecusa. The WR set this up and DeS gave further impetus to this, but the follow through has fallen short.
As a CANA priest, I hope for official recognition, but I think it is more likely that we will receive province by province approval before we have recognition from the ABC or the primates as a group. The ACC will likely be the last to recognize the ACNA given the political and financial ties in that group.
btw, I don’t operate from a pure church assumption. How could I? I am a cradle Episcopalian and before 2007 I was a pecusa priest. I do believe that heresy needs to be exposed, refuted and disciplined.When is a zucchini from my garden too big to eat? Also, at what point does it begin eating children?
Funny thoughts on gardening
9.25.2012
I think I could be close friends with a houseplant. They don’t make me angry, and I’ve never felt guilty for accidentally killing one.
4.21.2010
The more of those garden gnomes you buy, the sooner they will be able to mobilize their army and destroy us all.
9.21.2009
I’ve heard you can grow diamonds, but nothing has come up in my garden yet.[soliloquy id=”31″]
Message from the CEO:
Altaf & co is Known for it’s quality products and reliable, superior services in Pakistan. We have been successfully trading since 1986. In an atmosphere of trust and co-operation Altaf & Co brings together both suppliers and customers to promote efficient livestock production in Pakistan. Despite there being over 33 million dairy cows in the country, Pakistan lies far behind in production standards. To help our customers in achieving increased production levels our company provides a wide and diverse range of quality products, sourced from top brands worldwide.
Altaf & Co quickly realised that improved genetic value is essential to ensuring dairy cow profitability regardless of all other operations. Altaf & Co introduced USA bovine semen and elite genetics to Pakistan some two decades ago.MONTGOMERY, Alabama -- The City of Montgomery's Department of Development will host a public presentation and discussion regarding the Madison Avenue Gateway Plan on Wednesday night at One Dexter Avenue.
The event will be from 5 p.m. until 7 p.m.
The public event will give Montgomery residents the chance to voice their views on how Madison Avenue could be improved. Among other discussion topics, the development department will present possible street and building improvements as well as construction options for new buildings.
"Since we've invested a great deal of effort into this area, we want to make it as
aesthetically pleasing and functional as possible to those who used the Crampton Bowl as well as the Armory and curb market," said Department of Development Director Chad Emerson.
The event will be from 5 p.m. until 7 p.m.They may be miniature in size, but Dachshunds have a pretty impressive track record for cultural impact. Picasso’s Lump appeared in 15 of the artist’s 44 studies of Diego Valazquez’s painting Las Meninas. Andy Warhol’s Amos and Archie were featured in several of Warhol’s paintings, drawings and diary entries. When William Randolph Hearst’s Helena died, she was eulogized in his “In the News” column. Napoleon Bonaparte’s Grenouille and Fausette were said to have inspired the phrase “Napoleon Complex.”
And then there’s SpareFoot. We have Bootsy.
Bootsy, whose name was inspired by The Mighty Boosh’s “The Legend of Old Gregg,” belongs to our SEO specialist Josh Waldrum and his wife, Erin. The two found him through a Craigslist ad and have been grooming him to live up to his name ever since.
“He was really tiny when we first got him,” Josh said. “He fit in the palm of my hand! When he was a puppy, he would crawl onto the back of my neck anytime he got tired and just fall asleep there.”
When he’s not tumbling around the office, Bootsy is a fierce competitor. As one of the smallest dogs to visit SpareFoot, he’s also the most accomplished; Bootsy has participated in several competitions, including the Wiener Dog Costume Contest at NXNW Oktoberfest Weekend in Austin’s Arboretum area. So far, he has worn Lederhosen, dressed up as a dragon and donned the armor of a University of Texas football player–a costume for which he came in second. Hook ’em!
Ach du lieber, Bootsy!
“His mom is a stage mom,” Josh said. “She wants to get more Dachshunds, dress them up as dragons, and then dress as Daenerys from ‘Game of Thrones.’ The Mother of Dachshunds.”
Bootsy also recently competed in a wiener dog race at uShip, where he placed second.
“He has a history of coming in second place, apparently,” Josh said.
We love having Bootsy at the SpareFoot office–he has a hilarious personality and is extremely active. It’s also incredibely amusing to see such a small creature making the rounds at maximum speed (I’m taking liberties with the word “speed” here). Plus, if we’re all being frank, it’s great having a wiener dog around–it leads to great puns.
For prospective Dachshund owners, Josh has one piece of advice:
“Have a lot of blankets. They like to burrow.”
Bootsy smizing in front of the Texas Capitol and showing us what a vogue dog (dogue?) he is.World-891
This item qualifies for free ground shipping
Finish: Chrome
Material: Steel
Number of Spokes: 40
Position: Front
Rim Diameter: 19
Rim Width: 1.85″
Sold in Units: Kit
Style: Star Hub
Select your motorcycle to guarantee fitment! Select A Motorcycle
This product has not yet been reviewed. Be First To Write A ReviewView Diary: Abbreviated Pundit Round-up: the Mystery of the Stranger on the Stage (131 comments)
Diary Recommended By
Thor Heyerdahl, deminva, DeminNewJ, Bill in Portland Maine, hannah, filkertom, teacherken, Subterranean, glitterscale, Geenius at Wrok, Pandora, melvynny, BigOkie, Minnesota Deb, billlaurelMD, OLinda, LEP, eeff, mzinformed, Bryce in Seattle, windwardguy46, alain2112, concernedamerican, Bob Novak Douchebag of Liberty, Time Waits for no Woman, CoolOnion, Dhavo, Voter123, mollyd, Bill Roberts, navajo, Quege, ybruti, Vicky, Ohkwai, deepfish, HudsonValleyMark, OpherGopher, david78209, Laurence Lewis, Inland, aarrgghh, bjedward, Yamara, Floja Roja, sillia, peacestpete, JanF, mightymouse, Land of Enchantment, Jim R, martini, Shirl In Idaho, Nance, WB Reeves, flying shams, 417els, Gorette, rl en france, kestrel9000, ruleoflaw, Patriot4peace, KenBee, deha, ceriboo, Naniboujou, twigg, oxley, Stripe, Ken in MN, SharonColeman, la urracca, deepeco, jnhobbs, pioneer111, leonard145b, VA Breeze, olo, revm3up, JaxDem, Cordwainer, Youffraita, skohayes, glendaw271, luckylizard, sagansong, fayea, Kansas Born, carolyn urban, Tara the Antisocial Social Worker, indres, aunt blabby, followyourbliss, dskoe, Nicky Hartzell, MySobriquet, papahaha, stevenwag, smileycreek, Tea and Strumpets, politik, secret38b, Prairie Gal, Polly Syllabic, lasermoth, manyamile, gulfgal98, naka, rja, Texnance, Floande, Loose Fur, Hill Jill, agrenadier, I love OCD, Bob Duck, cv lurking gf, mikejay611, kevin k, Word Alchemy, Outraged Mom, marleycat, Kokomo for Obama, thomask, Wheever, CherryTheTart, nogo postal, wintergreen8694, bakeneko, ratcityreprobate, Sonofasailor, leftykook, chmood, Heart n Mind, anodnhajo, Invictus88, Eric Nelson, joanil, 2thanks, helenh1967, congenitalefty, dandy lion, stellaluna, belinda ridgewood, Murphoney, Buckeye54, wxorknot, jim in IA, Marjmar, Phoebe Loosinhouse, Candide08, remembrance, SheilaKinBrooklyn, BlueEyed In NC, ReverseThePolarity, Constantly Amazed, northerntier, Icicle68, Smoh, Laura Wnderer, JKTownsend, Warco, BlueSpy, sparkysgal, pholkiephred,On Thursday night, the Dolphins will take the field at Sun Life Stadium against the New Orleans Saints for their final preseason action.
And while the game will be mostly insignificant for a bulk of the team’s core, particularly the starters and those with cemented roles, Thursday night will be crunch time for players looking to prove they either belong as a starter, or even on the team all together.
The tight end spot will undoubtedly have one of the brightest spotlights on it, as Miami continues to search for an answer to fill the void left by Dustin Keller’s season-ending knee injury.
“Thursday night is the last night you’re going to be able to display your talent to end up getting your paycheck,” Finsiders analyst and former Dolphin tight end Troy Drayton said on Monday night.
Charles Clay, Dion Sims, Michael Egnew, Kyle Miller and Evan Rodriguez are all out to show the coaching staff they have what it takes to be ‘that guy’ for the Dolphins.
Clay, who was widely viewed to be the most likely starter after Keller went down, says the only focus of the group is to contribute and add to the team’s overall success.
“It’s a friendly competition, we’re all working to make each other better,” Clay said after practice on Tuesday. “At the end of the day, we’re all just working to help this team improve and that’s our main focus.
“Whoever gets the nod, that’s the guy who we’re looking to, to help this team. But I feel like all of us will be able to help this team out.”
Sims, who’s known for his ability as a blocker, says his goal is to prove he has the potential to be a well-rounded tight end that can both catch and block.
“I’m just trying to prove that I’m an all-around guy,” he said on Monday. “Like I’ve said, just being versatile is the best thing I can do for myself to help the team out right now. So I’m just continuing to work on both aspects.”
It would seem as though that work is paying off for the first-year tight end out of Michigan State after making a nice grab over the middle against Tampa Bay last Saturday.
“I was just in the moment,” Sims commented on the catch. “I just had to go up and make a play. I think it was third down, I believe. I just had to make the play. I don’t get many opportunities and I just got to make the best of them.”
Clay, who says he’s been working on his route running and separation in practice, also pointed towards versatility as the most important factor.
“If they need someone to play a tight end, I feel like I can do that,” Clay said. “If they need someone to help out in the slot or at fullback, I feel like I can do that.”
Whether someone ends up winning the role outright, or if it winds up being more of a committee situation, the Dolphins will be hoping the tight end position can at least improve, even if gradually, as the season progresses.
RELATED: NOTEBOOK: Jordan Returns To Practice; Other Notes
RELATED: Gibson Finding A Home In The Slot
RELATED: Tannehill: I’m Excited Where The Team Is At This.Kankakee, IL Bar
Eddie's Bar & Grill
Eddie's Bar & Grill, located at Kankakee, IL, offers a variety of delicious dishes. Since 1950, we have been providing our faithful customers fresh food that can be enjoyed in a casual and comfortable environment. Our friendly and reliable staff will be happy to take your orders anytime.
Learn More About Eddie's Bar & Grill:
- Food prepared fresh when you order
- Pizza
- Sandwiches
- Salads
- Appetizers
- Family friendly
Contact Eddie's Bar & Grill today at 815-401-1715 for more information or for party reservations.
Contact Information
815-401-1715
Hours of Business:
Kitchen Open
Sunday - Thursday: 11:00 am - 10:00 pm
Friday - Saturday: 11:00 am - 12:00 am
Kitchen Open
Sunday - Thursday: 11:00 am - 10:00 pm
Friday - Saturday: 11:00 am - 12:00 am
Methods of Payment:
Annual celebrations set for Memorial
By Jeff.Enotel Resort & Spa Porto de Galinhas - Porto de Galinhas
Rodovia PE-09, s/n Porto de Galinhas - Porto de Galinhas1-877-662-6988
Enotel Resort & Spa Porto de Galinhas is a beachfront all-inclusive resort in Ipojuca.
This 3-star Ipojuca all-inclusive resort has 2 restaurants serving breakfast, lunch and dinner so there's no need to worry about dining options on this trip. If you are in need of rest and relaxation you can find massage/treatment rooms, a fitness center and a sauna on offer. Fancy sipping an ice-cold drink by the pool? Don't miss out as there is also a poolside bar.
In the lobby area you will find free newspapers so you can catch up on all the news and weather. Wi-Fi is available for a fee. Planning a meeting? This all-inclusive resort has 10 meeting rooms, as well as a 24-hour business center. Other amenities include a hair salon, gift shops/newsstands, dry cleaning/laundry, an elevator (lift) and beach/pool umbrellas.
We show TripAdvisor reviews for new Venere hotels that haven't been reviewed yet
Check Availability at Enotel Resort & Spa Porto de Galinhas
Facilities at Enotel Resort
- Baby sitter
- Laundry service
- Lift/elevator
- Hairdresser
- Gift shop
- Beach umbrellas and deck loungers
- Laundry room
- Garden
- Gym
- Tennis court
- Pool bar
- Restaurant/Dining
- Multilingual staff
- Newspapers
- Front desk - 24 hour
- Luggage room
- Night club
- Internet/Email services
- Sauna
- Massages
- Spa/Wellness Centre
- Conference room
- Business Center
- per 24-hour period (rates may vary)
The above list may not be comprehensive. Fees and deposits may not include tax and are subject to change.
Room Details
Book your beach accommodation at Enotel Resort & Spa Porto de Galinhas, offering 348 guest rooms with furnished balconies. Televisions in each room offer entertainment at the end of a long day. Corporate travelers visiting the Porto de Galinhas area will benefit from wired and wireless high-speed Internet access (charges apply) as well as desks, safes and phones. Private bathrooms are outfitted with showers and complimentary toiletries. Additional guest comforts include minibars, air conditioning and blackout drapes/curtains.
Accommodation Services
- Telephone
- Air conditioning
- Mini bar
- Safe
- Desk
- TV
- Terrace/Balcony
- Wireless Internet access
- High speed Internet access
Distances from Enotel ResortCupe Beach - 1.6 km / 1 mi
Cupe Beach Natural Pools - 2.4 km / 1.5 mi
Merepe Beach - 2.8 km / 1.7 mi
Muro Alto Beach - 3.1 km / 1.9 mi
Maracaipe Beach - 5.8 km / 3.6 mi
Maracaipe Natural Pool - 7.5 km / 4.6 mi
Pontal de Maracaipe - 7.5 km / 4.6 mi
Serrambi Beach - 9.9 km / 6.2 mi
Ponta de Serrambi Beach - 10.9 km / 6.8 mi
Calhetas Beach - 15.5 km / 9.6 mi
Paiva Beach - 15.6 km / 9.7 mi
Gaibu Beach - 16.6 km / 10.3 mi
Pedra do Xareu Beach - 19.8 km / 12.3 mi
Itapuama Beach - 20.8 km / 12.9 mi
Carneiros Beach - 27 km / 16.8 mi
The preferred airport for Enotel Resort & Spa Porto de Galinhas is Recife (REC-Guararapes Intl.) - 39 km / 24.2 mi.
Distances are calculated in a straight line from the property's location to the point of interest or airport and may not reflect actual travel distance.
Distances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 km and mile.
Transportation services Enotel Resort & Spa Porto de Galinhas
- Free parking
We have the accommodation you need, all over the world
- • Hotel Parador de Aiguablava - Begur, Spain
- • Hotel Parador De Nerja - Nerja, Spain
- • Hotel Costabella - Girona, Spain
- • Footscray Motor Inn - Melbourne, Australia
- Martigny Hotels, Switzerland
- • Salgesch Hotels, Switzerland
- • Saillon Hotels, Switzerland
- • Cavalese Hotels, Italy
- • Saas Grund Hotels, Switzerland
- • Thurso Hotels, United Kingdom
- • Sion Hotels, Switzerland
- • Sierre Hotels, Switzerland
- • Fai della Paganella Hotels, ItalyPower back home tonight after tough road loss
GREENVILLE, N.C. - Jayson Hernandez slapped a one-out single in the bottom of the eighth inning Wednesday night, scoring Drew Turocy with the winning run and capping a big rally as the Greenville Drive earned a 5-4 South Atlantic League win over the West Virginia Power.
It looked like the Power might return to .500 - following a 1-6 opening home stand with a 6-1 road trip - as it took a 4-0 lead into the eighth. Then came Greenville's comeback, as it scored five times to take the lead.
Kyle Krause earned the win with 31/3 innings of sharp relief. He allowed just one hit, struck out five and walked one. He retired West Virginia 1-2-3 in the ninth, fanning Josh Bell and Eric Wood swinging.
The Power built its 4-0 lead on an RBI double by Dilson Herrera in the top of the fifth, combined with a three-spot in the sixth.
Raul Fortunato's run-scoring single made it 2-0 for West Virginia, then Wood crossed the plate on a wild pitch by Pat Light and Ashley Ponce drove in another tally with a single to bump the lead to 4-0.
But the Drive answered with its big eighth inning against reliever David Jagoditsh.
David Chester drilled a two-run single and Turocy slapped an RBI double to shave the deficit to 4-3, then Chester scored on a Jagoditsh wild pitch to tie the game. After Jagoditsh issued a walk, he was replaced by Pat Ludwig, setting the stage for Hernandez's key hit.
The Power offense has been the most potent in the Sally League. Going into Wednesday night, West Virginia ranked first in the 14-team league in most batting categories, including runs (87), batting average (.295), on-base percentage (.369) and slugging percentage (.475). The Power's 15 home runs trailed only Hickory, which had clubbed 16.
The Power's top offensive performer has been pitcher-turned-first baseman Stetson Allie, who leads the Sally League in home runs (six), RBIs (18) and slugging percentage (.804) and ranks third in batting average (.411). Power outfielder Josh Bell ranks second in the league behind Allie with 14 RBIs on the young season.
Also swinging hot sticks for the Power are outfielder Raul Fortunato (.340) and infielders Eric Wood (.318) and Dilson Herrera (.310).
On the flip side, the Power's team ERA of 5.57 ranks last in the league. The brightest spots on the staff have been reliever Pat Ludwig (2-0, 2.08) and starters Tyler Glasnow (0-0, 2.35) and Clay Holmes (1-0, 2.57).BOBBY BLADEN CAPTURES FOOT BRAKE NATIONALS AT U.S. 13
By Charlie Brown, Delmar, DE (10/9/11) – The annual Foot Brake Nationals at the U.S. 13 provides an opportunity for drivers in both the Super Pro and Pro divisions to go head to head without the assistance of electronics. Sunday it was Bobby Bladen of Gambrills, Md. in his ’70 Nova taking top honors. In the Combo class which allows electronics, it was the “Delaware Destroyer” Danny Bastianelli of Georgetown, Del. taking the win. Other winners on the day included Joe Stanley of East New Market, Md. in Pro Bike; Chuck Wayne of Millsboro, Del. in Street; D.J. Lockwood of Berlin, Md. in Bike Trophy; Brittany Hooper of Hurlock, Md. in Jr. Dragster 1 and Katie Bromwell of Seaford, Del. in Jr. Dragster 2.
In the Foot Brake final, it was Bobby Bladen up against Roger Ridgeway, Jr. of Dover, Del. in his ’78 Mustang II. Ridgeway had a red light foul and Bladen made a full pass for the win with an 8.776/152.93 on an 8.77 dial. Semi-finalists were Steve Long of Linthicum, Md. who lost to Ridgeway and Richie Thurman of Seaford who lost to Bladen.
Danny Bastianelli faced Dale Smith in his ’68 Camaro in the Combo final. Bastianelli had the better reaction with a .014 and took the win with a 7.543/166.54 on a 7.51 dial. Smith lost at the starting line with a .063 as he was on his dial with a 10.861/122.08 on a 10.86 dial. Semi-finalists were Frank Lecates of Salisbury who lost to Bastianelli and Larry Shorb of New Castle, Del. who lost to Smith. Laura-Lee Landry of Townsend, Del. won in the Quarter-final round but had mechanical problems and was done for the day.
Joe Stanley rode up against James Farmer of Denton, Md. in the Pro Bike final. Farmer broke out by one one-thousandth with an 8.649 on an 8.65 dial and Stanley took the win with a blistering 8.229/157.23 on an 8.20 dial. Semi-finalists were Marquise Blake of Bishopville, Md. who lost to Stanley and Brent English of Bloxom, Va. who lost to Farmer.
Chuck Wayne took the Street final over Adam Benton of Denton, Md. Benton red light foulded and Wayne ran an 11.809/113.42 on an 11.97 dial for the win. In Bike Trophy it was D.J. Lockwood over Harvey Powell of Salisbury. Rookard had the better reaction and took the win with a 9.747/142.33 on a 9.40 dial. Powell broke out with a 15.919/72.76 on a 15.97 dial.
In Jr. Dragster 1 it was Brittany Hooper paired against Alex Bradford of Newark, Md. Hooper had a .001 reaction light and drove to the win with a 13.017/49.71 on a 12.98 dial. Bradford ran a 9.167/70.36 on a 9.14 dial. In Jr. Dragster 2 it was Katie Bromwell taking on Robynn Powell of Salisbury. Powell had the better reaction but Bromwell was on her dial and took the win with a 7.910/82.67 on a 7.90 dial. Powell ran an 8.191/76.40 on an 8.15 dial.
This Sunday will be the E.T. Racing plus the “King of the Track.” Gates open at 10 a.m. with time runs at 11 a.m.Rubex Energy Limited is based in Wokingham and caters for the increasing demand for more efficient central heating and domestic hot water systems. We are registered with the Gas Safe Register
Rubex believes that the application of modern technology will make a significant contribution to reducing global warming. This, however, does not preclude the fact that it may require some lifestyle changes and significant, but affordable, financial investment by both individuals and Governments. We are confident that present and future technology will play an important role in reducing your carbon footprint as well as making your heating systems as safe and efficient as can be.
At Rubex Energy we are always seeking new opportunities in the market. Customers that...Read more
As from the 1st April 2012, all gas engineers working on domestic gas fires or boilers...Read more
So, the winter is ‘almost’ behind us – or so we thought last week, with temperatures r...Read more
In a recently reported case, a landlord was found guilty of failing to maintain a gas ...Read more
How would you like to save money on all your Utility Bills ?
Utility Warehouse currently supplies to over 350,000 homes and businesses across the UK, offering utilities such as; Gas / Electric / Mobile / Broadband / Phone etc and offers all this on one, single, convenient bill. With all the services you take itemised on just one monthly bill, you’ll find budgeting much easier too.
Utility Warehouse also provides a wide range of additional exclusive money-saving benefits, which enable our customers to reduce the cost of their Utilities by around a further 30%.
If you would like to see how you can save money on all your utilities, then please do give us a call to find out more details or you can visit our Utility Warehouse link and sign up immediately !WASHINGTON -- Lawmakers expressed concern about combining the top two U.S. cable operators at a congressional hearing Thursday to discuss Comcast's plan to merge with Time Warner Cable (TWC).
While none of the lawmakers asked federal regulators to block the transaction, both Republicans and Democrats cautioned there were potential negatives in the $45 billion deal.
Rep. Blake Farenthold, a Texas Republican, worried about whether smaller programmers would be able to sell video to cable operators.
"I don't want to sound hostile to this merger," he said, but constituents and interest groups have raised such concerns.
Rep. John Conyers, a Democratic critic of big mergers,, noting that federal regulators would review the deal's legality. "I don't know if it's resolvable."
Comcast (CMCSA) executive vice president David Cohen tried to allay the concerns.
"I think this transaction has the potential to slow the increase in prices. I think consumers are going to be the big winners in this transaction," he told a hearing of the House of Representatives' antitrust panel.
Comcast faced criticism from Dave Schaeffer, CEO of Cogent Communications Group (CCOI), which has been a high-speed go-between for Netflix (NFLX) and Comcast. In February, Netflix agreed to pay Comcast to connect directly.
Schaeffer said that, after years of free connections, Comcast demanded that Cogent pay to remedy Netflix's balky speed. Schaeffer said Cogent offered to pay for some hardware costs, but that Comcast had remained silent and no agreement was reached.
Search Jobs
Comcast's Cohen disagreed vehemently.
"We did not force Netflix to enter into an interconnection deal with us. That was Netflix's idea," he said, noting that the company said they wanted to "cut out the middleman."
Cohen said he couldn television shows delivered to living rooms.
A second critic of the merger was Patrick Gottsch, founder of Rural Media Group, whose RFD-TV channel provides programs aimed at farmers and about rural living.
Gottsch complained that, after Comcast bought NBC Universal in 2011, it stopped carrying rural television in some areas.
The American Cable Association's Matthew Polka also worried about video programming and urged the Justice Department and Federal Communications Commission, which must review the deal, to ensure Comcast doesn't raise prices or withhold shows from smaller rivals.
Comcast said April 28 that it was willing to divest nearly 4 million subscribers to win approval for the deal. That would leave Comcast with 29 million subscribers if the deal goes through.
The deal was reviewed by the Senate Judiciary Committee on April 9.
1 CommentPTEN (Phosphatase and Tensin Homolog deleted on Chromosome 10) is a 3’ phosphoinositide phosphatase that converts PI(3,4,5)P3 to PI(4,5)P2, thus opposing PKB/Akt activation by PI 3-K. PTEN is involved in neuronal stem cell proliferation and self-renewal, cardiac myocyte hypertrophy and contractility, and a wide range of developmental processes. PTEN, however, is best known for its role as a tumor suppressor. Loss of PTEN activity results in accumulation of PI(3,4,5)P3, abnormal activation of PKB/Akt, unregulated cell growth, suppression of apoptosis, and increased tumorigenesis in a number of human tissues. It has also been proposed that PTEN is a candidate for targeted chemotherapy because certain anti-cancer agents preferentially destroy tumors with PTEN mutations. In addition to this direct role in cancer, PTEN has recently been shown to regulate cancer-associated pathways including VEGF-mediated angiogenesis and others. The PTEN Activity ELISA directly detects the phosphoinositide product compared to other assays, which detect free phosphate. This eliminates many possible sources of error due to the fact that inorganic phosphate is the product of many phosphatase enzyme activities, and is found in common buffers and cleaning products. The assay is a competitive ELISA in which the signal is inversely proportional to the amount of PI(4,5)P2 produced. After the PTEN reactions are complete, reaction products are added to the PI(4,5)P2-coated microplate and a PI(4,5)P2 detector protein is then added for competitive binding. A peroxidase-linked secondary detector and colorimetric detection is used to detect PI(4,5)P2 detector binding to the plate. The colorimetric signal is inversely proportional to the amount of PI(4,5)P2 produced by PTEN.The gardens is full of butterflies and bees. They love the Lavender (this is a good reason to keep it).
I have seen Swallowtail butterflies, a black and white butterfly that comes rarely to the garden that I never manage to photograph and there was a mucher larger humming bird hawk moth, again it was too quick for me. Even the bees tempt me because they seem slow only to fly off as the press the shutter; I have numerous images of only sprigs of lavender when I hoped I was taking bees or butterflies drink necter.
I usually cut the flowers off the santolina before they open as I don’t like their colour, but having left them this year, I find they are visited by numerous different insects, so perhaps I should always leave the flowers for them.
Not just flies and bees like the Santolina.
A spider sets its web where it knows there will be many passing visitors which it can ensnare.
And these are from last month that didn’t find their way into a post.
But not all the visitors are harmless. Rosa Molineux has been ravaged by one kind of insect that I’ve not noticed in the garden in other years.
So if you know what they are, what can I do about them (organically).
I can’t leave you with this horrible image, so here’s a swallowtail from last month.A man was booked into Sacramento County Jail Wednesday for suspicion of resisting an officer and assaulting a police dog.
The incident began when a Sacramento police officer pulled over a car about 12:45 a.m. Wednesday in the area of Haggin Avenue and Northgate Boulevard in the Gardenland neighborhood. While being detained, the driver assaulted an officer, according to a police activity report.
Officers gave chase and surrounded the area. A police dog found the suspect, identified as Amir Jordan Ricks, 23, hiding in a shed.
While being taken into custody, police said that Ricks assaulted the police dog, prompting the officer-handler to take the suspect into custody. A later search of the area turned up a loaded handgun.
The officer who was assaulted suffered minor injuries. Ricks was booked into jail on suspicion of resisting an officer, three weapons charges and malicious harm to a police dog.Thunderbolt® XL 225 Stick Welders
Economical Stick machine with 225 AC amps of output.
- Base Model Starting at:
- $424.00 Miller Suggested Price (US$)
Additional Models and Pricing
Precise Amperage Adjustment
Unlike other economical stick machines on the market with their fixed amperage settings, the Thunderbolt® uses Miller’s Accu-Set™ amperage dial which gives you infinite adjustment of amperage within the range of the machine.
Just Add Your Favorite Stick Electrodes and You're Ready to Weld
The Thunderbolt comes equipped with a heavy duty electrode holder and the power cord with plug already attached. All you need to do is grab your favorite stick electrodes and you're ready to start welding.
Models
* All prices are U.S. dollars. Tax, delivery and setup not included. Actual selling price determined by the Distributor. Prices are subject to change without notice. Additional items may be required for welding, such as shielding gas, consumables, and safety equipment.Torii Hunter confident Angels will sign Carl Crawford; team met with star in Houston [Updated]
Torii Hunter has kept in touch with Carl Crawford throughout the free-agent process, and the Angels outfielder seemed very confident Wednesday that Crawford, the dynamic left fielder who is considered the best position player on the market this winter, will wind up in Anaheim.
The Crawford-to-Anaheim train seemed to gather steam this week at the winter meetings, where just about any executive or scout you talk to in the lobby of the Walt Disney Dolphin Resort has said he expects Crawford to sign with the Angels.
[UPDATED, 10:10 p.m.: Crawford has agreed to a six-year deal worth $142 million with the Boston Red Sox.]
"I think the process is just about done, and hopefully we can land him this week," Hunter, a longtime friend of Crawford who has been lobbying the Angels to sign the star since July, said by phone from his home in Texas. "The Angels are really trying. I know that for a fact.".
Angels General Manager Tony Reagins said Wednesday that he has not had any "face-to-face" meetings with players here, and his plan Wednesday night was to have dinner with members of the organization's double-A Arkansas affiliate.
But the Angels sent a contingent that is believed to have included owner Arte Moreno and Reagins to Houston in November to meet with Crawford, according to a source who requested anonymity because of the sensitive nature of negotiations.
Hunter was not sure if the Angels had met face-to-face with Crawford, and Reagins declined comment about a possible meeting. Moreno was in Orlando this week for a Major League Baseball committee meeting, though he did not stay at the winter meetings hotel, and it was not known whether he met with Crawford or the player's representatives here. Moreno returned to his Arizona home Tuesday evening.
The Angels have also expressed serious interest in third baseman Adrian Beltre and some interest in closer Rafael Soriano. Reagins downplayed rumors that the Angels were "in the chase" for pitcher Cliff Lee.
Though Reagins said a few free-agent and trade options have been "scratched off our list," he said the Angels remain in play for "big-splash" free agents such as Crawford, Beltre and Soriano. Crawford could command a deal that exceeds the seven-year, $126-million contract that Jayson Werth signed with the Washington Nationals on Sunday.
"We're looking at those opportunities," Reagins said. "Nothing has been eliminated."
-- Mike DiGiovanna in Lake Buena Vista, Fla.Content Stats
Contact Info / Websites
Community Stats
- Voting Level
- Icon Aura
- Gamer
- Level
- 7
- Out of 60 possible levels.
- Exp. Points
- 490 / 550
- Experience points earned / Points to reach next level.
- Exp. Rank
- #95,943
-
- #28,965
- What rank you are in compared to other users.
- Blams
- 94
- Each successful vote to kill a submission during judgement earns a "blam" point.
- Saves
- 234
- Each successful vote to keep submissions alive during judgement earns one "save".
- Forum Posts
- 394 View All Posts ›
- (That's 0.21 per day.)
Recent Game Medals
Level 1 5 Points Level 1 Medal Stats.
SECRET MEDAL 25 Points Unlock this medal to see it's details. Medal Stats.
I'm Getting Used With It 10 Points 100% of 8 cards Medal Stats.
SECRET MEDAL 25 Points Unlock this medal to see it's details. Medal Stats.
Listener 10 Points 100% of 16 cards Medal Stats.
I Know This Game! 10 Points 100% of a card Medal Stats.
Mortal Kombat 10 Points Mortal Kombat 10/10 Medal Stats.
South Park 10 Points South Park 10/10 Medal Stats.
Disney 10 Points Disney 10/10 Medal Stats.
Marvel 10 Points Marvel 10/10 Medal Stats.
Total Medals Earned: 1,318 (From 269 different games.) ...
Apr 20 -
Denver :
Denver - Birds
Please contact at
We'll be sending text message alerts for your subscription to“frightening the public with tales of a drug so seductive it instantly turns masses of upstanding citizens into addicts who ruin their health, their lives and their families.”
Related quotes
“What still alive at twenty-two. / A clean, upstanding chap like you! / Sure, if your throat is hard to slit, / Slit your girl's and swing for it.”
“You're not going to go to your minister. You're not going to go to anybody upstanding, ... When you hear how bad these guys are -- just keep in mind that's why they were picked.”
“India's claim to be a leader or at least an upstanding upholder of the nonproliferation system would be invalidated by looking the other way in the face of Iran's clear violations.”
“Mr. Guardia was a good friend of Mr. Crawford, yes. And he believed Mr. Guardia to be a fine, upstanding person.”to page content
to site navigation
Explore the Entrepreneurship.org Resource Center to find resources. Designed with entrepreneurs in mind, our resource center allows you to find materials to grow great ideas..
Brazil, Chile, Argentina, Colombia and Mexico have already been recognized for their potential in becoming entrepreneurial hubs in Latin America. Each of the four has attracted Endeavor to establish local offices to accelerate the growth of local high-impact entrepreneurs. Equally important is the emergence of professional accelerators that nurture and invest in early stage startups, such as NXTP Labs in Buenos Aires, 21212 in Rio de Janeiro and Wayra in Mexico. And of course, Brazil hosted this year’s Global Entrepreneurship Congress (GEC).
Geeks on a Plane (#GOAP) first traveled to South America in 2011 and started a trend of investors’ watching the startup scene across the continent. In 2012 Dave McClure’s 500 Startups, the organizers of #GOAP, expanded from Brazil into Mexico. Local entrepreneurial financing is also on the rise. According to the Latin American Private Equity & Venture Capital Association (LAVCA), Latin America’s business class, family offices and high net worth individuals have become more aware of entrepreneurial activity in their countries and are backing more startups as angel investors.
Latin America’s strongpoints, particularly Chile and Brazil, have been inspiring each other and their neighbors along their own entrepreneurship journey, such that Silicon Valley is no longer the model that first comes to mind in policymakers’ efforts in the region. For example, Start-Up Chile set an example for the region as to how policymakers can help kick-start a startup ecosystem. Governments across South and Central America are taking note and creating strategies to encourage entrepreneurial growth. Colombia’s InnPulsa agency, for example, was well represented during the GEC recently in Rio. Last year, Peru approved a reform that lifts restrictions on local pension funds investing in private equity. As government pro-entrepreneurship initiatives are emerging across the region, the general attractiveness of the startup culture is building momentum. Latin American nations are showing each other how to do it in their own way.
There are numerous dimensions to explore. For instance, Sao Paulo has the fewest number of founders that have lived in Silicon Valley previously, according to the Startup Genome study, yet is by far the largest startup ecosystem in Latin America. This homegrown model is having an impact on other hubs in the region. For example, the winner of the Latin America 2012 “Hot Company of the Year” distinction went to KienVe, a Uruguayan second-screen mobile TV app. Colombian Ricardo Garcia-Amaya recently wowed a New York audience with his demonstration of AngelPolitics, a web application that matches political donors and candidates for public office, along with Andrea Cornejo from Peru who founded Coderise to inspire students and companies that address inequality and local problems in Latin America to build web tools.
The International Labor Organization estimates that 50% of the working population in South and Central America (approximately 93 million people) have an informal job, so the challenge for policymakers is significant. As the recent trendwatching.com report argues, demand for new solutions is high in the region. Major reforms are called for to address generally weak areas across the continent, specifically intellectual property protection, judicial transparency and corruption.
Development organizations like the Inter-American Development Bank are already focused on the power of entrepreneurship to tackle the region’s challenges. Its Multilateral Investment Fund (MIF), for example, has been arguing that small, young, and high-growth businesses, which they call “dynamic businesses,” contribute significantly to economic growth, job creation and technological development. MIF has been facilitating seed funds specializing in providing financial resources and expertise to address the growth needs of high-impact businesses. This is all in addition to a robust interest from the high-growth entrepreneurship advocates within the World Bank concentrating on the region.
Stay tuned this month for how three Latin American governments are responding to the rise in interest in entrepreneurship in the region and let me know when we overlook a startup or scale-up community.WASHINGTON, D.C. /eNewsChannels/ —.
The Framework supports the goals of South Africa’s national strategy to fight HIV/AIDS, while also contributing to PEPFAR’s global goals for prevention, care and treatment. The Framework emphasizes sustainability, local expertise, coordination and accountability in the fight against AIDS.
The PEPFAR Framework will build on existing U.S. support for South Africa’s efforts to provide HIV prevention, treatment and care for millions of people in the country. In 2010 alone, PEPFAR funds have supported treatment for nearly 920,000 adults and children in South Africa, while more than five million South Africans have been tested for HIV and received HIV counseling with U.S. support.
President Barack Obama has made the fight against AIDS a cornerstone of his Global Health Initiative. A key principle of the Initiative is support for country ownership, and through the Partnership Framework, the United States will support South Africa in building the capacity to sustain its progress on HIV/AIDS for the long term.New York, February 1, 2006—French authorities have jailed an Ivoirian army officer in connection with the 2004 disappearance in Ivory Coast of journalist Guy-André Kieffer, according to Kieffer's wife and Agence France-Presse. Osange Silou-Kieffer told CPJ today that Capt. Jean-Tony Oulaï was arrested on January 11 in Paris and is being questioned by a French judge investigating Kieffer's disappearance. On January 26, a Paris court rejected a motion seeking Oulaï's release.
French judge Patrick Ramaël has been investigating the disappearance of Kieffer, a French and Canadian reporter who was last seen in the parking lot of an Abidjan supermarket on April 16, 2004. The judge has made four visits to Ivory Coast and is due to return on February 16. Despite recent tense relations, war-ravaged Ivory Coast and its former colonial power France are still bound by a number of agreements, including one that pledges them to judicial cooperation on cases such as Kieffer's.
Ramaël's office has declined public comment on the case, citing judicial confidentiality rules, but Kieffer's family has been briefed on developments.
"This recent arrest gives hope that investigations are moving forward and that light can be shed on the disappearance of Guy-André Kieffer," said Ann Cooper, executive director of the Committee to Protect Journalists. "Our hearts go out to his family and friends who have been without news of him for nearly two years now."
Ivoirian authorities have also been investigating the case. Michel Legré, a businessman and brother-in-law of Ivory Coast First Lady Simone Gbagbo, was arrested in 2004 and charged by both countries as an accessory to kidnapping. Although no body has been found, Ivoirian authorities also charged him with murder. Legré is the last person known to have seen Kieffer alive and the only other suspect taken into custody in the case.
In October 2005, Ivoirian authorities granted a provisional release to Legré but did not publicly disclose the reasons. Silou-Kieffer and the Paris-based press freedom group Reporters Without Borders said French investigators are looking into whether Oulaï oversaw a plot in which Legré took part.
Silou-Kieffer told CPJ she was "somewhat reassured" by the arrest of Oulaï, but she urged Ivoirian authorities to give Legré to the French for questioning. Oulaï has denied involvement.
Kieffer was a freelance journalist who specialized in Ivory Coast's lucrative cocoa and coffee sectors, conducting numerous investigations that exposed corruption. His work included contributions to the Paris-based African business newsletter Lettre du Continent.
More on
Published
- February 1, 2006 12:00 PM ET
- Short URL
Like this article? Support our work
- Donate Now
- Google+Zonoff and Connect Connects With Bose and Nest
Zonoff has announced that the Staples Connect system is compatible with the Nest Thermostat and Bose SoundTouch music systems.
Lumo Floor Projection Technology For Kids
Lumo is an interactive projector specifically designed for multiplayer, interactive floor games. It projects a large playfield onto a floor, creating colorful interactive games that get kids moving.
Phind Is Found Intelligence
Discovered at TechCrunch: Disrupt is Phind, a visual search app that provides a new way to learn about places – by simply taking a photo of them.
Health Care Tech Not Just for Doctors
As digital health care technology becomes more advanced, there’s a growing delineation between clinical-focused technology and devices that focus on health and wellness.
Energy-Generating Clothing Joins the Internet of Things
Charging the collection of devices carried today can be a problem. Scientists now claim to have developed an energy-generating fabric that can power them.
A Bright Future for Installed Technologies
Consumer Electronics Association (CEA) study says tech becoming a central component of new construction.
Tech Leaders See Wearables Working in the Workplace
In a new survey, 63% of CIOs believe wearable computing devices, such as watches and glasses, will become common workplace tools.
Multiple Reasons To Love the Wearable War of Fitbit vs Jawbone
Wearable fitness trackers can provide insights into the user’s wellness — now they are beginning to interact with connected devices and with each other.by Samantha Lefebvre
Sports Writer
The Spring Lake Park Dance Team accomplished what it set out to do in third consecutive state appearance and made it to the final round of six in the Jazz Division at the State Dance Tournament on Feb. 17 at the Target Center. The Pantherettes were unable to make the final round for the High Kick Division the following day, Feb. 18, and finished in ninth place.
Blaine Dance Team members, from left: Sam Zebro, K’ryn Bunker, Karissa Bolton, Erin Stewart and Rylee Smeriglio take a leap during its Jazz routine in the Class AAA state preliminaries. Photo by Bill Jones
Blaine also had the goal of making it to the final round in both divisions, but they fell just a few points short of the final six during their 12th consecutive appearance at the State tournament placing seventh in both the High Kick and Jazz competitions.
Jazz Results
The Wayzata Trojet Dance Team earned their fifth Jazz title in Class AAA, making the defending champions from Maple Grove settle for second place. Eastview of Apple Valley took third for a fourth consecutive year. Eden Prairie, St. Cloud Tech, and Spring Lake Park rounded out the final three spots coming in fourth, fifth, and sixth respectively.
“Our team did very well in both the jazz and kick competition,” Spring Lake Park coach Jennifer Blaido said. “We had the best performances we had all season.”
Judges observed the routines and awarded points based on a 100-point scale. Judging criteria were subdivided into five categories: Jazz Skills, Execution, Choreography, Difficulty and Routine Effectiveness. Unique to the Jazz Division, the skills category focused on technique of turns, leaps and jumps, and the difficulty of those skills.
An All-Tournament Team for Jazz was also selected at the end of the competition. Each of the six teams who placed in each class nominated two dancers for the honor. Representing Spring Lake Park for the Class AAA All-Tournament team was Becky Lambert, and India Bembry.
[smooth=id:525]
“Our All-Tournament Team dancers were selected because of their hard work and dedication to the team,” Blaido said. “Our captains were selected for the honor of being named All State.”
The young Blaine Dance Team came in seventh place in the Jazz division, just a few points behind the Pantherettes. After adding 16 rookies to the roster this season the Bengalettes knew they had a tough road ahead of them this season, but they decided to push aside all the things that could potentially hold them back and in the end proved a lot of people wrong by making it to the State tournament.
“The state tournament was very new to many of our dancers this year, they did a great job and I am hoping it will help motivate them in future years,” Blaine coach Trina Develice said.
Spring Lake Park fans show their spirit for the Pantherettes during the state preliminaries. Photo by Bill Jones
High Kick Results
Eastview of Apple Valley rose to the top in the High Kick Division the following day, successfully defending their 2011 title making it their second consecutive crown and their sixth overall. Eden Prairie was the runner-up for the second year in a row, Brainerd came in third, and Apple Valley finished in fourth. Wayzata, who won the Jazz competition the previous day, finished in fifth place and St. Cloud Tech placed sixth.
Once again judges observed the routines and awarded points on a 100-point scale. The criteria, like the Jazz division, were subdivided into five categories.
However, particular to this division is the Kicks category, for which the judges look for technique, height, and difficulty.
Blaine finished in seventh place again the second day but in the High Kick division. They finished with a score that lagged St. Cloud Tech by just a few points.
“Our goal for next year is to continue building our dancers to be even stronger,” Develice said. “To be at the state tournament this year, with the amazing teams that were there, was quite an accomplishment and our goal is to push our team to get to the state tournament again next year.”
The Pantherettes came in ninth place in the High Kick division. Although they did not move on to the final round the second day, the Pantherettes are already looking ahead to another successfull season next year.
“My goals from year to year are usually pretty much the same, be the best we can be,” Blaido said. “The team had to work hard to get where they did this year. I hope as always that our program continues to grow and develop our dancers through hard work and dedication.”
[smooth=id:527]VIDEO INSTALLATIONS
Installations occupy a special place within the overall body of video work produced. The ideas in a work are sometimes first explored in a single-channel core program that has a linear structure and that may use pseudo narrative or documentary devices.
The installations are open-ended and whilst derived from more formally-structured works they improvise with the existing material to explore non-linear spatial and temporal relationships in a different way.
Some examples of works that exist in different forms are: After Image, Plane Torque, Eye Contact, Sleep and Connected.The browser or device you are using is out of date. It has known security flaws and a limited feature set. You will not see all the features of some websites. Please update your browser. A list of the most popular browsers can be found below..
Environment Minister Lorena Tapia said on state television that with Thursday's signing of the permit camps and access roads can now be built. Production could begin as early as 2016.
Two indigenous groups living in voluntary isolation inhabit Yasuni, which the United Nations in 1989 declared a biosphere reserve.
The Associated Press
Corruption charges taint environmentalists' case; indigenous people say they have 'not been heard'
Amazon residents set back in mismatched litigation with US oil giant, but fight for justice continues
Error
Sorry, your comment was not saved due to a technical problem. Please try again later or using a different browser.Any.
- Door Propping: Any door propped open jeopardizes the security and safety of all residents in The University Village community. Therefore, the propping of any exit door is strictly prohibited and may.
- Skateboarding: The use of skateboards is prohibited on University Village property.
- Rollerblading: Roller blades can be used for transportation purposes only. Reckless behavior, including performing tricks, is prohibited, as it compromises the safety of the residents.
- Fireworks: The possession and/or use of fireworks is strictly prohibited on University Village property.
Keys, Card Access, and Lockouts
University Village room key and PUC ID card access is issued to the assigned room’s occupant. A resident is not to lend his/her room key or PUC ID card to anyone. The resident is financially responsible for a lost room/mailbox key, lost PUC. understand full product lifecycle and how to continually improve a product, that's a definite bonus. Excellent verbal and written communication skills a definite must have.
- B.S. or M.S. degree in Computer Science or Electrical Engineering
- 9+ years of related professional work experience
- Strong software engineering skills with expertise in Objective C, Cocoa Touch and Quartz 2D
- Strong object-oriented design and implementation skills
- Experience in Web Services, Socket Programming and networking
- Ability and desire to quickly learn new technologies
An interest in, or desire to develop Mac OS X applications.
* Strong understanding of debug tools available on Xcode.
* Strong communication skills
Computer and Information Technology
Management (Manager/Director)
Full Time/Permanent
1
OF TECH TALENTAfter 10 hours of driving, 1 hour hour of sleep and an adventurous Jeep-ride through the crater our group arrived at Gunung Bromo in Central Java (Indonesia) to watch sunrise from this point of view over the most stunning landscape I've ever seen (nearly topped by Gunung Rinjani on Lombok 14 days later). The large Volcano in the Background is the largest mountain on Java and still active!
Keyboard shortcuts:
p previous n next c challenge f full size r retract vote # vote
Entry comments.
Your Future
I am waiting!Reply
Ms. Proverbs Owings Mills, Maryland
Hi Tyler I was just thinking that it would have been nice to spend my birthday with ______ (Can you fill in the blank please...Thank You :-) I'm just saying Talk to you later :-) Ms. ProverbsReply
Denise Lize The Netherlands
Wow, Tyler you are a genius! What a brillant connection you made between the golf cart in reverse and thinking back. Very clever. Yes! It would be very convinient to have a alarm or something else to stop us for going back to things that did hurt us and made us sad by thinking about It!. For now , I just have to recall your message and use It as a alarm and continue focusing on the future and enjoy the present. Makes me feel good already :-) . Thanks for sharing this and all the previous messages which made me and I assume a lot of people very happy... Stay Blessed! Greetings and Love from The Netherlands, Europe. DeniseReply
Ms. Proverbs Owings Mills , Maryland
Great Morning to you Tyler.....I'm so excited and I just can't hide it :-) and the reason why is Today "It's My Birthday It's My Birthday....YAY!!!!! I'm so tickled pink :-) ..God has blessed me to see another year and I'm so grateful..Tyler God is a good God..I love the Lord more on today :-) Welp anywho my day has started off just right..I woke up greeted with so much love and flowers (absolutely love flowers) that were given by my son and daughter :-) beautiful meaningful cards. I'm happy and blessed Although my children are grown they will always be my babies....I'm going to enjoy myself This day will be filled with WOOSAHHHHHH!!! (Niecey Nash word) LOL! Thank You for that powerful message to forgive...Believe it Not Unforgiveness is so unhealthy for the body it causes all kinds of sicknesses and diseases. Daily I ask God for forgiveness and to give me the strength to forgive. myself and or others...So grateful that Lord Jesus he will answer prayers...Unforgiveness will keep you stuck in the past not moving forward ...My saying is this "Looking Back is not an Option therefore Keep Moving Forward" (I tweeted this not too long ago) Remember the story of 'Lot's Wife" in the Holy Bible she was told not to look back, but she did and she turned to a pillar of salt...The bible says in 2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore if any man be in Christ he is a new creature Old things are past away behold all things are become new" Thanking God for our eternal alarm system from within called 'The Holy Ghost" Halleluyer!! (Madea) LOL! Daily I purposely strive to live a stress free life..I Thank God for you Tyler who inspires and uplifts so many of us with encouraging words and wisdom..Oh and Tyler I appreciate you sir :-) I really do You are blessing! I love to Chit Chat with you more but "It's My Birthday, It's My Birthday" LOL! I'm singing "This is the day that the Lord has made I will rejoice and be glad in it" Tyler, Enjoy Your Day Talk to you soon :-) Ms. ProverbsReply
Ms. Proverbs Owings Mills, Maryland #1828483
Whew Tyler my message above sure was long...LOL! ..Ok talk to you later :-) Ms. ProverbsReply
Waneda Jackson United States #1828525
Have an AWESOME God filled birthday Ms. Proverbs!!! That is my favorite book in the bible. The book of wisdom.Reply
Ms. Proverbs Owings Mills, Maryland #1828740
@Wanda Thank You So Much I appreciate Birthday Shout Out I agree with you I love the book of Proverbs too God Bless You :-)Reply
Ernest Bennett Atlanta, GA
Hey Tyler, I read the note that you wrote, “That Is Your Past And There Is No Future In It” and I thought that is was very inspiring. I also thought about your noise problem with the golf carts at your studio. Some of the streets in New Orleans are constructed with passageways, which cut across the neutral grounds to allow cars to make a U turn when needed. If you instruct the golf carts to “Only Go Forward” then there would never be any sound of beeping alarms on the campus. The drivers of the golf carts should always allow themselves enough room to make “U turns” if needed so that the carts are always in forward motion. Sometimes Life allows for “U Turns.” Whenever we revisit a memory from our past, which helps us to proceed forward that’s a U Turn. Also, all of our warmhearted memories of loved ones who have passed are all U Turns. Even in our Spiritual Lives we were given The Holy Spirit as A Comforter and Keeper, and one of the greatest functions of The Holy Spirit is to Remind us of The Word of God. Each Reminder is a U Turn in forward movement. In short, one solution to your beeping noise problem would be to instruct all drivers of the golf carts on campus to “Always Move Forward” and to always allow themselves room (be proactive and anticipate enough space) for U Turns, and that may solve your noise problem on the set while filming. I wish you much continue success. I always love and support all of your work becuase they are always straight from the heart.Reply
Zandi south Africa
Hi Tyler U are truly are a remarkable human being. U have such wisdom and encouraging words a.d thoughts. I just wish a lot of men can be like u then perhaps we would not have such a high rate of women and child abuse, and such a high rape rate in our country. PSReply
Mrs. P Maryland
Hello Tyler! What an awesome comparison to golf carts!! Thank you!! You have a way of getting peoples attention on stage, on screen and online. I can relate to the warning signs and alarms that are automatically there to remind us of danger ahead, to shift gears, or to go another way! These alarms have always been there, but many people refuse to take heed! The consequences are sometimes fatal - unfixable! Doing the right thing is what makes the alarms stop! It's not easy for some, but it is do-able! Everything in life comes down to a choice - we choose!! When we refuse to pay attention to the alarms of life (and there are many!), we refuse to grow and move forward to greater things! We become stagnant! Instead of going with our choices, we should ask GOD to lead the way!! He will, but we must ask first!! As always Tyler, I am praying for you and everyone else out there!! Keep your eyes on the prize Tyler!!! Hope to meet you one day!! Mrs. PReply
Jannie Fort Wayne,Ind.
Thank you Tyler, well said awesome words of wisdom. I needed that today. God bless you!Reply
Waneda Jackson United States
I am not saying be stuck on stupid. I am saying take what you have learned and apply as needed. No, you do not need to be consistant in throwing someones wrongs in their facem Personally, I would not want to be bothered either. Common sense would tell you to mind your tact. Forgive and move forward, but also learn so you don't make the same mistakes and only when it's a necessity pass the rope of knowledge to someone hanging on by a thread.Reply
Doug Williams Warren, Mi
I agree with you about no future in your past. Just like looking back and spinning your wheels but not going anywhere. Also there are some golf carts that don't make that reverse noise. I love the game of golf and the next time I go to a course where the cart does not beep I'll send you the information.Reply
Waneda Jackson United States
Mr. Perry, I find it odd that you would speak on this on this particular day. I think speaking on the past depends on your motives. If speaking on your past helps the next person going through, then it can be beneficial. We all go through. I call it lessons and blessings. How we apply those lessons we've learned is the key to moving on. I just published my ebook Turn Around: Life's Testimony on Smashwords.com. My intentions are to convey to the reader what it is like to live with mental illness in today's society. There is a lack of understanding in the black community as well as communities across this nation. When we speak on gun laws we neglect the other conversation we should be addressing. Maybe if I can get people to understand then the help will began to flow. As for me, my new beginning in Christ has already begun. I do not dwell in the past to hurt, my intentions are to help. #encourageReply
Cynthia Lamb Orlando, FL
This is so timely! You have No Idea... THANK YOU! Blessings Always, CynthiaReplyOn Mon, 2003-05-05 at 19:53, Gary Sandine wrote: > On Mon, 2003-05-05 at 11:27, Stefano Zacchiroli wrote: > > just saw exactly this behavior due to pbbuttonsd not running. It > attempted to start but failed because /dev/cdrom symlink did not exist. > Attempting to start pbbuttonsd from the command line > > # pbbuttonsd > > revealed it's problem with no /dev/cdrom symlink. Well... you shouldn't need pbbuttonsd for that... Make sure that you have /dev/apm_bios (and that XFree log shows that it opened APM successfully). If you are using DRI, add Option "DRIReInit" "true" to your "Device" section in XF86Config-4 Ben.Store: Oasap.com – Online Womens Clothing Shop
Coupon Code: No Code Needed – Use Coupon
Expiry: 2013-02-26
Details: Nordic Print Oversized Knitted Jumper. Long length loose jumper, featuring, all-over Nordic print, ribbed wide round neckline, tight fitting long sleeves, ribbed cuffs and hem, designed in long length cut and a loose fit. Fabric: Knit Fabric. Washing: Wash according to instructions on care label. And buy this Nordic Print Sweater Now Only $35.I Want to Rock These Shoes For the Summer
I guess the warmer the weather, the more I crave color. I have no idea why, but I just can’t stand dark colors in hot weather. That is why I think I just can not get enough of the color block trend that is so hot the season. The Report Signature Bergen Suede Platform taking the color block trend to your feet. The mix of color on this shoe is so pretty. You can just about wear theses with any dress that you want and they will look fantastic.
Available at 80’s Purple.
In The Bag
A girl can never have too many handbags, right? I am always perusing and looking for different types of bags to find something that unique. This handbag from Melie Bianco is a handy bag for the summer. It is perfect as a clutch, but can also be worn with a shoulder strap. It is a great way to add a pop of color to any outfit and carry all your summer needs(do not forget your sunscreen).
Available at Plum for Polly.
Nautical Dress
I am a big fan of the trend of dresses that look like two separate pieces of clothing that were put together to create a fun look. This nautical style dress from Theme is the kind of look that I want from this style of dress. Yes, of course I could do it myself, if I could find the right top and skirt, but this makes it so much easier. This is such a cute dress with a little striped bodice and the fuller skirt to give this dress a very playful shape. I think this dress will be one of my summer time favorites.
Dress For a Hot Summer Day (or Night)
Now that summer seems to be in full swing(or it certainly felt like it this last week), I have been on the lookout for some stylish, yet easy to wear dresses. I am also looking for dresses that I can wear to work with a cardigan and then jump onto the train for the ride back in the city to met up with friends afterwards. The Criss Cross Dress is just the piece to fit the bill. The simple shape of this dress is very flattering and the bright color adds some pop to what would otherwise be a very basic dress. Of course, I just love the pockets on this dress. However, this best part of this dress just might be the back:
The back is what makes this dress really stand out for me. Obviously, this will be covered up at the office, but once I am back in th city in the evening, it is just perfect.
Available at Need Supply Co.
Par Avion Dress
Dear Creatures are you of my favorite design houses of late. Their designs are reminiscent of a French schoolgirl, or at least what I think they would dress like. The Par Avion dress is just so down right adorable. This dress is all about the little details that make it so special. Starting with the peter pan collar that is edged in contrasting white scalloped trim and the double-breasted button detail on the bodice of the dress this dress is just so pretty and special. The pleated skirt just adds to french schoolgirl look. Pair this a pair of red heels for the complete look.
Available at Summerland.
Rogue Theory Clutches
I have been a big fan of Rogue Theory handbags and clutches for sometime now. They are always so beautiful to look at with the very unique fabric that is used with their bright and fun with great patterns. The best par about these great look clutches are that they are completely functional and practical. See fashion and form can go hand in hand.
Perfect Springtime Maxi Dress
This is the dress that I am thinking about when I think about the perfect dress for spring weather. I am a huge fan of the maxi dress and this version, the Ever Dress, just captures the feeling for spring perfectly. I love the light blue stripes against the white as it reminds me of the Greek Islands with the start white houses and the blue of the sea. The back of the dress has an unexpected visual detail with the strips of fabric that allow your bare skin to peek out. Such a romantic dress and just perfect for those warm days that are stretching ahead of us.When it comes to street style in the City of Angels, nothing beats the sartorial stalking at the best flea market in the whole, entire world, the Rose Bowl. The sunny weather last weekend prompted the finest of the SoCal style set to hit the pavement in their Sunday best. With 360 degree views of vintage treasures (wares and women), retro glamour was everywhere we turned. From Missoni-esque bells to plenty of polka dots, we bet that a lot of these looks were found at flea markets of yore. Hopefully, this'll provide a dose of inspiration for the next time you visit us at the fashion fair next month (umm have you packed for Coachella yet?)!
Photography by Molly Cranna.
Now we're email buddies!Sometime."
As a body donor, there are some practical issues to consider. For one, how do you make good on your donation delivery? "It depends on where you die," Jantz said. "If you're local -- in Knoxville or the surrounding area -- and if the family chooses to honor your wish to donate, then the medical institution where you die will call us, and we'll go get the body and bring it to the facility." This door-to-door service can be used for in-state cadavers up to 100 miles away. If a pre-donor dies farther away than that, it becomes the responsibility of the family to ship the body to the facility. "If it's a long way, like the west coast, they're usually flown in, or they can also be brought to us by a carrier," Jantz explained.
At the body farm in Knoxville, bodies are used both for training criminal investigators and performing original research. "In training for law enforcement, [the bodies] are buried," Jantz said. "Then the law enforcement people excavate them as if they were clandestine graves. And during the process they learn a little bit about bones and how to recognize human bones, and how to recognize the orientation of the body in the grave -- how to excavate it, how to collect the evidence." The body farm at the University of Tennessee offers "roughly half a dozen courses per year," Jantz said; most last one week, and several focus on topics for specific organizations, like the course offered for the FBI's Emergency Response Team, or the two offered for the National Forensic Academy on forensic evidence gathering.
The forensic anthropologists who perform research at body farms are interested in forensic taphonomy, or the study of what physically happens to a body between death and the time it is recovered. Entomologists come to these facilities to observe the way that different insects feed or use the body in different stages of their life cycle. Based on the maturity of a certain species, entomologists can estimate how long a person has been dead. Other researchers study the biochemical processes that happen to a body after death, many of which are related to the volatile fatty acids expelled or produced by a dead body. This type of research assists in estimating the time of death when it occurred weeks, or even years, before discovery.
Animal activity is another effective indicator of time since death, especially when decomposition has reached more advanced stages. This area of research is fairly new in forensic anthropology, but Jantz explained that a great deal has already been learned with body farm research:
If a body decomposes and you're left with bone, the bone initially is still greasy and wet because of the fat that's in it. But after it lies on the surface -- or even if its buried for a certain period of time -- bacterial action takes care of the grease, and the bone becomes dry. Animals come at different times during that stage. So rats, for example, come when the bone is still greasy. Rat signatures are fairly easy to recognize.
With the aim of expanding the body of research in these and other fields, the National Institute of Justice (NIJ), the chief research, development and evaluation agency under the Department of Justice, has funded several forensic research projects in the past three years that rely on body farms. "Is more research needed? Yes, it is," said Danielle McLeod-Henning, Program Manager at the Office of Investigative and Forensic Sciences at NIJ. "The more research that is done, especially geographically, the more we can hone in and have the supporting data to assist in actual casework."
Image: Roma Khan doing preliminary work on decomposition of cattle, Wikimedia Commons.Big, Big Fan: Cat Dancer 101 Interactive Cat Toy
July 16, 2013
(Also sold under the name Cat Dancer Original Action Cat Toy)
With two cats who never, ever get to go outside, I am often looking for things to keep them busy so that the boy cat doesn't torment the girl cat out of sheer boredom, as he is wont to do. But as anyone with a feline friend can attest, cat toys are stupid and expensive and they break the second your cat sees you take it out of the bag. That, or it leaves feathers, glitter and fuzz all over the place. Or it makes ten tons of noise.
Not Cat Dancer 101 Interactive Cat Toy!
The Cat Dancer Toy is just this: A spring steel wire with rolled cardboard on the ends. One end has more cardboard than the other, which means when you hold the light end, the heavy end bobs up and down. And your cats will go fucking bananas. They won't know how to control themselves they will be so full of hunting prowess and glee.
Best part: You don't have to do shit. Just sit there and hold one end. You don't even have to wriggle your wrist, I'm serious. You just hold one end (or jam it into the door, whatever) and watch your cats GO TO TOWN. Endless leaping and frolicking about.
Here's all the amazing pluses for this badass cat toy:
- Won't break. Like, ever.
- No noise.
- No flying detritus of fuzz, feather, sequins or whathaveyou.
- Lazy owners need only hold this thing in one hand while they read, eat, whittle, whatever.
- Super-duper cheap, not $45.99 like every other cat toy.
- Rascally cats love it.
For real, if you have a cat and don't have this simple, Amish-y cat toy, then you are a bad kitty parent and deserve to have your animals taken away from you.
Cat Dancer in ACTION:
[Big, Big Fan, the series, highlights various things of which I am a Big, Big Fan. No items reviewed within Big, Big Fan were given to me free of charge. I wish. Find more Big, Big Fan posts by clicking Big, Big Fan in the categories column on the right-hand side of this blog.]The potential threat of Tropical Storm Gustav is shaping up like a most unwelcome case of dejà vu for certain New Orleans musicians.
Blues harmonica and accordion player "Jumpin'" Johnny Sansone was recording an album in Toronto with Cuban jazz saxophonist Jane Bunnett when Hurricane Katrina struck three years ago. Drummer Johnny Vidacovich was on tour in the Pacific northwest.
As Gustav churns toward the Gulf of Mexico, Sansone and Vidacovich are in Colorado with Tab Benoit's Voice of the Wetlands Allstars.
They are slated to be on the road with Benoit through a show early next week at the Republican National Convention.
Tuesday evening, they were thinking about loved ones facing another storm threat in New Orleans. "My wife doesn't drive," said Sansone. "She's a little freaked out."
Vidacovich's wife, Deborah, is in Colorado with her husband, but is scheduled to fly home alone Thursday. If an evacuation becomes necessary, she may be doing it alone. "Just like last time," she said. "Except now I have four dogs instead of two and a daughter with a broken foot."With little commercial space available for purchase in Steamboat Springs, businesses are lining up to buy space in the Logger's Lane commercial center slated for a site north of Windemere Landscape & Garden Center.
"Once we started moving dirt out there is when interest struck," broker Ron Wendler of Colorado Group Realty said.
Approved last fall, the 2-acre site has been graded in preparation for two buildings that will provide warehouse and commercial retail spaces. Developer Charlie Sher of San Diego plans to begin construction on the buildings in the spring. The center should be complete and ready for occupancy by fall of 2005, Wendler said.
At 15,000 square feet, the building closest to U.S. Highway 40 will have six commercial spaces of about 2,500 square feet each. Those units will be available for sale or for lease with the option to purchase.
The building's main entrances will face west, but large windows on the east side of the building will provide showroom-like exposure to traffic on the highway, Sher said.
Separated by a parking lot, the western-most building will be about 8,500 square feet and will have eight warehouse units that are about 1,080 square feet each. Those units will be offered for lease only.
The buildings will have a mountain-style contemporary design and will have two accesses, one from U.S. 40 and one from Shield Drive.
"I think it's a good area," said Sher, who also is developing the Sundance Creek Condominiums. "If you look to the future, I think Steamboat is heading to the west."
Sher likely will establish pricing for the center early next year, but in the meantime, businesses are adding their names to a reservation list. Those businesses will have the option to enter into a contract once there are firm prices, Wendler said.
Based on interest so far, the center is shaping up to be a focus for home improvement and business-related products.
"Our concept is to get as many home improvement tenants as possible," said Sher, who envisions a "one-stop shopping" home design center with lighting, glass, plumbing fixture and interior design businesses.
Most interest has come from local businesses, Wendler said.
"There's a lot of locals that have been paying to lease. ...They want to be able to own something and create more equity for their business," Wendler said.
Although the center provides an opportunity to own real estate, it also is a chance for businesses located "off the beaten path" to move to a more visible location, Sher said.
"I think they'd probably like to get a little better exposure," he said.
Business owners that get into the project early will be able to lock in prices at the time of contract and avoid a boost in rates or prices that may occur as construction continues.
Business also can have spaces built to suit special heating, ventilation or other needs, Wendler said.
"Getting in at the ground floor is always the best situation," he said.
For more information, call Wendler at 870-8800.
Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.
Requires free registration
Posting comments requires a free account and verification.
Or login with:
OpenIDDane Cameron and Markus Palltala in the #94 Turner Motorsport Z4 dominated the GTD class at Road America, scoring their third class win of the season. Dirk Müller and John Edwards in the #56 BMW Team RLL Z4 finished second in the GTLM class, putting the Z4 on the podium for the first time since the Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca race in May.
Car #56 was damaged by debris from an early-race incident. Edwards pitted for repairs and for the handoff to Müller, who clawed his way to second. He finished there, holding off a late race challenge from Jon Bomarito in the Viper that he shared with Kuno Wittmer. The GTLM class win went to Pierre Kaffer and Giancarlo Fisichella in the Risi Competizione Ferrari.
Bill Auberlen and Andy Priaulx finished eighth in class, set back by a long pit stop on Priaulx’s stint when the car had to be backed up to avoid running over an air hose, and then set back further by losing positions on late race restarts. There were six caution periods over the course of the 2 ¾ hour race.
Team principal Bobby Rahal said “After lap two or three the day did not look like it was going to be a good one..”
Palltala led the GTD class from the start, inheriting the pole after the #07 Aston Martin that had won it could not start because of an incident in the morning warm up session. The Turner team was able to hold onto its lead after the handoff to Cameron, who held off a late-race challenge from the second-in-class Porsche driven by Leh Keen. While the Z4 dominated, Cameron noted afterward that it is down on power, and said “It might have looked easy because we were up front for most of the day, but we were under fire. We tried to maintain some sort of space and keep the Porsches behind us.”
TUSC competition resumes at VIR on August 24.—Brian S. MorganPosted by mkalkbrenner on
API page:...
This is the description of the 'query' paramter:
$query: A query string component, if any.
Due to the fact that the value is simply handed over to the url() function, the description should be the same as on page
'query': A URL-encoded query string to append to the link, or an array of query key/value-pairs without any URL-encoding
Files:
Comment #1jhodgdon CreditAttribution: jhodgdon commented
Probably it would be even better if it just referred to url() for details. Sounds like a good project for a novice patch contributor. Note that this is 6.x only (7.x/8.x have different arguments and already refer to url() for details).
Comment #2scorchio CreditAttribution: scorchio commented
Here's a patch for this one.
Comment #3jhodgdon CreditAttribution: jhodgdon commented
Looks OK to me. Thanks!
Comment #4Gábor Hojtsy CreditAttribution: Gábor Hojtsy commented
Thanks, committed, pushed.Historic fort on Detroit River may finally see renovations, find new life A historic fort left to rot for decades on the banks of the Detroit River, may finally see signs of revitalization as a state government committee in Michigan has hired a New York firm to figure out future uses for the 96-acre site.What To Bring
Follow our list and you'll be ready for anything.
The following is a list of essential equipment that we recommend. You are welcome to bring
your own if you prefer.
There are plenty of backpacks for use so they do not need to be reserved. It is important that you are prepared for any weather conditions whilst on the track.
Fabrics - we suggest you wear fabrics that are lightweight but warm and quick drying such as merino wool, polypropylene, thermal, micro fleece and polar fleece.
We do not recommend you walk in cotton garments, jeans or silk thermals: perspiration means you are likely to feel damp and cold even inside the best raincoat.
We suggest you put all your clothing in plastic bags inside your pack liner for added rain protection. Keep your pack as light as possible while still taking the essentials. Remember hand laundry/drying facilities are available in the lodges and a lighter pack will enhance your experience!
Equipment Checklist
Tick off the checklist as you pack to ensure you don't forget anything
Equipment checklist (PDF, 0MB)Welcome to NuWire Investor | About Us | Login
According to the Bank of England, the UK is well on the way towards securing a full economic recovery. This is reflective of the wider global economy, which is also experiencing tangible growth amid a back-drop of geopolitical disputes and social unrest. While investors may be in relatively celebratory mood at the state of the economy and the financial markets, however, it is important that they take steps to optimise their returns over a prolonged period of time.
More specifically, investment experts Killik recommend that comprehending existing market cycles and diversifying successfully is absolutely critical to generating viable returns as an investor. It is similar to the challenge that seasonal business owners face, for example, as they must strive to diversify their operations the type of service that they deliver or run the risk of losing valuable revenue during the summer or winter. This is why successful business owners with seasonal ventures always branch out into new markets and products at different times of the year, so they can maximise their earnings throughout the course of a typical twelve month period.
A similar principle should be applied by investors, although in a slightly different way. The key for them is to understand the cycles that influence individual markets and the underlying rules that govern change, before distributing their capital across multiple products, assets and derivatives. This requires both knowledge and a certain level of determinism, as these attributes enable investors to successfully forecast trends and potential issues before they begin to cause significant depreciation in the market. It is not simply enough to diversify because you know this is the right thing to do, as you must first establish a viable and well-thought out strategy.
The key with this process is to understand that it takes time, as you develop an in-depth understanding of the market and a true traders’ instinct. It is only through application, concerted periods of learning and practice that you can achieve genuine knowledge, which can subsequently be used to diversify your portfolio investment strategy.
Timing is also crucial, in terms of buying, selling and choosing when to enter a specific marketplace. If you make your move when the market is about to depreciate or stagnate, for example, you may ultimately lose money through diversification and undermine your long-term investment goals. With patience and a willingness to learn, however, there is no reason why you cannot thrive in the financial markets and create a diverse investment portfolio.Man sues Waterloo police in heist of his nude photos
A man is suing Waterloo’s police board and three officers after one of them allegedly stole and distributed naked photos of him.
A
A
Share via Email
A former Kitchener man is suing Waterloo’s police board and three officers for $900,000 after they allegedly stole and distributed naked photos of him and then tried to cover up their actions.
Matthew Waltenberry, who moved to B.C. after the incident, says in a claim that an officer answered an emergency call to his house in early 2011; unlawfully searched it; removed private nude photos and then distributed them within the force.
Furthermore, a fellow officer allegedly saw his colleague take the photos from the home while another constable removed the photos from a locker in an attempt to destroy evidence, according to the claim, which Waltenberry filed recently in the Superior Court of Justice.
The claim, which must still be proven in court, said the first officer shared the photos with co-workers, then took snapshots of the pictures and distributed them electronically to at least seven officers in a messenger group.
Police informed Waltenberry of the officers’ actions, including the sharing of the photos four months later, but the claim noted “it was unknown how far the images have spread.”
Waterloo police did not respond to requests for comment after Waltenberry served the force with the claim on Tuesday. The three individual officers have not yet been served with the lawsuit. They could not be reached for comment on Tuesday night.
Waltenberry, who is in his mid-20s, operated a marketing company in Kitchener-Waterloo before the incident. But the claim says Waltenberry changed his name from Matthew Kennedy and moved to B.C., where he has been unable to keep any permanent job or pursue his field of work because of loss of confidence and stress.
“The plaintiff (Waltenberry) has been diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and is suffering from debilitating depression,” the claim said, blaming former officer Christopher Knox and the force.
Waltenberry also said in the claim he moved because of fears of the Waterloo police department and personal humiliation in the community.
The claim follows Knox’s guilty plea of breach of trust and obstruction of justice a year ago. He received a nine-month conditional sentence and an order to perform 50 hours of community service.
Knox’s convictions cover a number of incidents including one unrelated to Waltenberry where he took a sex toy from a resident’s home. He resigned before facing Police Act charges.
Among the other defendants, the claim names constable Matthew VanderHeide, who allegedly saw Knox take the photos but did not report it, and constable Jeff Vongkhamphou, who allegedly attempted to destroy the photos.
VanderHeide pleaded guilty to discreditable conduct and a court ordered him to forfeit 60 hours of time off the job. A court convicted Vongkhamphou of obstructing justice and he received a suspended sentence plus an order to perform 100 hours of community service.
Waltenberry, who plans to hold a news conference in Kitchener on Wednesday, is seeking $300,000 in general damages, $500,000 in aggravated and punitive damages plus $100,000 in expenses including medical and moving expenses.
The claim said the Waterloo Regional Police Services Board, which employed the officers, is “vicariously liable” for the breach of duty of care by the three defendant.PeekScore
9.11 out of 10 (what is this?)
Usernames
• johnnymessner • freakboy7
Press & News
Exclusive: Miguel Ferrer Takes A Wrong Turn At Tahoe
Miscellaneous
Wikipedia: Johnny Messner
Public Records
Johnny Messner johnnymessner, freakboy7
Social Search
Find Hidden Profiles & Photos on Facebook, Instagram & More...
Arrest Records
Search Their Arrest Record, Driving Record, Marital Status and More...
Possible Username
Social Profiles and Hidden Pictures for johnnymessner
Social Profiles and Hidden Pictures for freakboy7
Possible Links
Alternative Names:
johnny messner
Johnny Messner is 44 years old. He lives in Los Angeles, CA. He has also lived in Sherman Oaks, CA.
He has worked for Bottoms Up, Friends, Angel, Killer Instinct, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Spartan, Knight Rider, Men, Danny, Chuck, Caught On Tape, Hostage, Remarkable Power, Believers, Csi: Miami, The Poker Club, Cold Case, The Sweetest Thing, The Whole Ten Yards, Rude Awakening, Burn Notice, The O.c., Film Actors, Television Actors, Csi: Crime Scene Investigation, The Guiding Light, Son Of The Beach, Loaded, Women & Dogs, Tarzan, Ring Of Death, Tears Of The Sun, Finding Home, Running Scared and One Last Thing.. Television Actors is one of his favorite TV shows.
On the internet, Johnny goes by the aliases johnnymessner and freakboy7.Obit: Garfield,
Margarette #2 (1859 - 1884)
Contact: Crystal Wendt
Surnames: Garfield, Rodman
----Sources: Neillsville Times (Neillsville, Clark County, Wis.) 6 May 1884
Garfield, Margarette (1859 - 2 May 1884)
Garfield - In the town of Pine Valley, May 2, 1884, Mrs. Margarette Rodman Garfield, wife of Selucius William Garfield, aged 25 years and 10 months.
She was the eldest daughter of L. W. and Debora Rodman, of Pine Valley, and was married to Mr. Garfield May 7, 1876. One child preceded her to the grave, and one little boy is left behind. Her disease was inflammatory rheumatism, from which she suffered about eight months. Very few in this region have experienced such suffering. But all this time she was patient and hopeful. Her many friends did all in their power to cheer and comfort her in her last days. Her funeral was attended from the Presbyterian Church on Sunday last by a large concourse of relatives and friends.6 Jun 15:27 2006
This Saturday!!!, June 10, BREAKOUT (danny the wildchild + phantom 45)
<NothingARN <at> aol.com>
2006-06-06 13:27:57 GMT
2006-06-06 13:27:57 GMT
Saturday June 10 9pm-4am Des Moines, Iowa Prometheus presents Lesson 1: BREAKOUT Featuring Chicago Drum'n'Bass Legends: DANNY THE WILDCHILD Q101 FM/Strictly Hype/Surge Recoorginds AND... PHANTOM 45 Sub Base/Strictly Hype/Surge Recordings These two have been at the forefront of the Chicago Drum'n'Bass scene since day 1. They are well known and in demand nationwide. Rarely do they appear in the same place at the same time, but we are bringing them both to do extended 90 minute sets each. From the hip-hop infused turn-tablism of Danny the Wildchild to the techy monsters that Phantom 45 skillfully blends, the entire spectrum of Drum'n'Bass will be well represented in their first Des Moines appearance. +++ Iowa favorites +++ THE GOAT ET NNOTHING MERCURY(Continue reading)ForeSee Joins Customer Experience Professionals Association as Gold Sponsor
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Aug. 27, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- ForeSee, the global leader in technology-driven customer experience analytics, announced today that it has joined the Customer Experience Professionals Association (CXPA), a global industry trade group whose members are responsible for creating and maintaining an overall positive customer experience – a vital objective for any organization that offers products or services for sale.
(Logo: )
The CXPA supports the professional development of its members and advances the field by providing research and education, establishing standards, offering networking and career opportunities, promoting the industry, and creating a better understanding of the customer experience discipline.
Reflecting its recognition of the importance of customer experience management, ForeSee has joined the CXPA as a Gold Sponsor. ForeSee is the global leader in technology-based customer experience analytics and currently works with more than half of the Fortune 500, half of the top 100 retailers, seven of the top ten banks, and hundreds of federal agencies and departments.
"ForeSee has a rich history as a leader in customer experience analytics, so becoming a gold sponsor for the Customer Experience Professionals Association was a no brainer," said Larry Freed, President and CEO of ForeSee. "We're looking forward to working with the CXPA to move the entire industry forward with a unified, informed, and collective voice."
Governed by a Board of Directors elected Foresee is making to the CXPA as demonstrated by its Gold Sponsor status," said Temkin. "We are pleased to welcome ForeSee to the CXPA, and we look forward to closely working together to help create a vibrant future for customer experience management."
A Forrester Research analyst for 12 years, Temkin is now the managing partner of the Temkin Group, and is widely viewed as one of the leading experts in how large organizations can build differentiation with customer experience.
Bliss spent 25 years as the chief customer officer inside five large U.S. market leaders. Now, as president of CustomerBliss, she coaches executives and their teams on how to drive cultural and operational customer experience transformation. She is also the author of two best-selling books on the subject..
Customer Experience Professionals Association, CXPA, and the CXPA logo are trademarks of the Customer Experience Professionals Association.
FOR MORE INFORMATION:
Sarah Allen-Short, 734-327-3852
Sarah.Allen-Short@ForeSee.com
SOURCE ForeSee
RELATED LINKSAs soon as I walked into my grocery store this is what I saw...
It's like they know me and are targeting me now. I know that Hostess has DC Superheroes on their boxes isn't news, but c'mon... right as I walk in?! It actually blocks my path to get into the store.
3 comments:
How can a fan get you to write the Damian Wayne Robin series? This issue was freaking awesome! Only you and Grant Morrison understand him! Great Issue!
Ale Garza is fantastic! Much props on the issue man.
Hey Russell!
I'd LOVE to write a new Robin series!
It's up to DC though. :)
Hopefully they dug the issue as much as you did.
Thanks!- Alterations: Alterations to the hem (I'm 5 feet 6 inches, and it was hemmed to accommodate a 3 inch heel) Alterations to the hips to bring it in.
- Preservation Method: Professionally cleaned and boxed in a professional wedding box for proper preservation
- Terms of Sale: All Sales Final
- Original Owner: Yes
- Has Original Receipt:
- Location: Toronto, ON
- Will Ship to: Anywhere at Buyer Expense
- Payment Methods Accepted: Other
Please read our BUYER'S GUIDE before purchasing a dress online.Thanks for having us at the tournament. All the Optimists were very nice and helpful. I think your tournament was one of the best run tournaments I have attended. I am sure you are getting some well deserved rest tonight. Again, thanks for running the tournament. It was a success. I will be sure to tell everyone that they should enter and attend next year's tournament.
Hampton Inn® hotel in Wausau
615 S. 24th Avenue
Wausau, Wisconsin 54401
Phone: 1-715-848-9700
You'll find the area around the Hampton Inn® hotel in Wausau loaded with outdoor adventure and small-town charm. From skiing to whitewater kayaking, hiking to biking, the area around our hotel in Wausau is a nature-lover's dream. In fact, the Wisconsin River runs right through downtown.
Speaking of our quaint city center, you'll find excellent theater and gallery space in Wausau, along with brick-lined streets and sidewalks perfect for exploring our many shops. So come check into the Hampton Inn hotel in Wausau, and revel in the glory of Wisconsin's natural beauty.(algorithm)
Definition: A k-way merge sort that sorts a data stream using repeated merges. It distributes the input into two streams by repeatedly reading a block of input that fits in memory, a run, sorting it, then writing it to the next stream. It merges runs from the two streams into an output stream. It then repeatedly distributes the runs in the output stream to the two streams and merges them until there is a single sorted output.
See also balanced two-way merge sort, merge sort, simple merge, balanced merge sort, nonbalanced merge sort.
Note: This is an external sort.
Author: ASK
If you have suggestions, corrections, or comments, please get in touch with Paul Black.
Entry modified 16 May 2005.
HTML page formatted Mon Feb 2 13:10:40 2015.
Cite this as:
Art S. Kagel, "two-way merge sort", in Dictionary of Algorithms and Data Structures [online], Vreda Pieterse and Paul E. Black, eds. 16 May 2005. (accessed TODAY) Available from:This week: Killer heels, bees behaving badly, delayed dogs, royal baby news!
Royal baby: If Prince George ever decides to pull a Richard Branson and start his own airline, he could always call it Heir Britannia.
Killer heels: TSA confiscates a pair of ladies shoes that featured handguns for heels. Before you fashionistas say, “Where can I get me some?” know that Madonna wore a similar pair way back in 2008. Also on the no-no style list: hairbrush from hell and lethal lipstick.
New questions about Southwest landing: NTSB now says the plane in Monday’s incident touched down on its front or nose wheels first, instead of the usual way which is touching down on the main wheels under the wings. So, what are really saying?
Honey, look at all the bees: A swarm of bees delayed a US Airways flight in Charlotte by buzzing around the ‘tug’ (the thingie that pushes airplanes back from the gate). Who ya gonna call? A beekeeper (and they did).
Dog gets free vacation to Hawaii! Okay, so he was supposed to go to San Diego but free is free. It didn’t start out free, mind you; only after intrepid reporter Mike Finney rattled United’s cage did they locate the wayward hound who was then reunited with his owner, pet fee waived. Fido, meanwhile, is said to be toting up his frequent flyer miles in hopes of a return trip.
Memory lane at the security lane: When it comes to weird stuff confiscated by the TSA it’s hard to beat this story from a few years back: Guy once tried to bring two gallons of gas through the checkpoint because he worried about running short on the drive home from the airport. Like they say, be prepared. But was that the oddest thing ever confiscated?
Worst royal baby rip-off: Spirit gets the award for ad showing a pair of hands lifting then dropping a crowned infant (“the prince has arrived/the price has dropped”). Was that the last gasp of the airline’s recently departed advertising whiz Barry Biffle?
Airline fined: If revenge is a dish best served cold, those of you stuck on America Eagle flights at DFW last Christmas are feasting – since the FAA just fined the carrier $200,000 for those incidents. The agency also said, don’t let us catch you doing that again.
Southwest’s really bumpy landing: Jet comes in for landing at LaGuardia when its nose gear collapsed. Luckily only minor injuries were reported, but it closed down a runway at the busy airport and tons of flights were canceled or delayed. UPDATE 1: See two scary videos of the landing here. UPDATE 2: Southwest has fired the captain of the plane.
Kanye vs. paparazzi: How many times has Mr. West gotten into it with photographers? We’re not sure but his latest disagreement with a cameraman at LAX did not end well for the lensman and the LAPD’s Robbery Homicide Division is now reportedly investigating.
Pontiff is regular guy: Pope Francis flew to Brazil and toted his own carry-on personally.
Ireland for under $600: That’s just one of the latest steals from our Deals Blog, and yeah, it’s for fall/winter flights but good heavens that is cheap.
In-flight meals: No one claims they’re getting better but more of us are buying them, says Skift – though we disagree with the first sentence in their report that calls them a “necessity” for U.S. cross-country flights. You really think so?
Royal baby: Our week begins with word of the imminent arrival of a new heir to the British throne and our excuse for mentioning it is presumably he/she will fly someday. Be sure to check out our Deals Blog, Your Highness. UPDATE: It’s a boy. UPDATE redux: He’s got a name! George Alexander Louis, if you please.Jerry Rice Says NFL Filled With Prima Donnas and Egocentrics
What Rice is saying is probably true. Rice was a Prima Donna and Egomaniac himself, but he used that to fuel an amazing drive to be perfect on the field.
Rice feels like players aren’t taking the Pro Bowl seriously enough and even though he is a part of the new Pro Bowl changes, he feels the game is doomed.
“You’ve got prima donnas, egocentrics, who act like it’s not an honor,” Rice told USA TODAY Sports. .”
Jerry Rice is absolutely correct. Receivers today can’t carry Jerry Rice’s jock strap; that goes double for Randy Moss. You have to respect Rice, he is the greatest receiver of all time.The Suzanne Pohland Paterno Catholic Student Faith Center
From Fr. Matthew Laffey, Director of Catholic Campus Ministry:
I would like to publicly thank all those who attended the groundbreaking for our new center on August 31st. At this wonderful event, we publicly announced that the Center would be named the Suzanne Pohland Paterno Catholic Student Faith Center. Among those in attendance were Sue and Joe Paterno; Bishop Joseph Adamec; Archabbot Douglas Nowicki O.S.B., Abbot of St. Vincent Archabbey (home of Fr. David and Fr. Matthew); Dr. Graham Spanier, President of PSU; Mark Pasquerilla, instrumental in the building of the Pasquerilla Spiritual Center; Elizabeth Goreham, mayor of State College; Eddie Lauth, the Chair of our Capital Campaign and his wife Susan; Don Fleming, John Kowach, and Mary Rae Kowach, board members of the A.J. Palumbo Foundation; Nick DeAngelis, Vice President of the Newman Catholic Student Association; and many members of our advisory board.
Sue Paterno is being honored not simply for her efforts toward this particular building, but because she has supported this ministry and the students it serves for the almost fifty years of the ministry’s existence.
For all of these many years, Sue Paterno has quietly gone about the business of insuring that Catholic students have ample opportunity to grow in their faith experience while here at PSU. She played a major role in bringing about the Pasquerilla Spiritual Center to insure that Catholic students would have a place for weekend Masses and daily activities. Now, with this new building, she has insured that our ministry can extend even more faith-filled opportunities to the students we serve. Sue has been most unselfish with her time and talents and treasures as far as this ministry and the wider community is concerned. We know she would just as soon go about her charitable business quietly and with a good measure of anonymity. We thank her for accepting this public honor.
There is a display in the lobby with more information about the project. Even though we have broken ground, we have not yet reached our financial goal for the campaign. We continue to need the support of our alumni and parents with this project because our “parishioners,” the students, are not in a position to be able to give a great deal financially. This is a tremendous opportunity to provide a Catholic home on campus for all future Penn Staters. Please continue to keep us and this project in your prayers. May God bless and keep you all.
—Fr. Matthew
The Catholic Campus Ministry would like to thank all the advisory Board Members for helping this campaign reach this momentus occasion
Tom Cali • Dr. Maureen Carr • Linette & Wendell Courtney • Mike & Megan Flanagan • Tom & Sandy Hood
Mike O’Neill • Frank Pellegrino • John & Judi Vratarich • Mark & Mary Kay Wharton • Gary and Karen Schultz
Take a virtual tour of the building or get donation information.Stanley 84-114 3 Piece Basic 6-Inch Slip Joint, 6-Inch Long Nose, and 6-Inch Diagonal Plier Set… for $12 + free shipping
Stanley 84-114 3-Piece Basic Plier Set-114 3-Piece Basic Plier Set Features:; Forged Steel Construction; Hand Ground cutting edges; Rust-resistant finish; Double dipped handles for comfortable use; Machined jaws for gripping; Chrome-Nickel steel for tough, durable, hardened cutting edgeWe have the same conversations everyday. Which shouldn't be a surprise, we've all been in each other's space since August. What is surprising is that we all don't hate each other. Sure, Armand is really loud and Jess is always on the computer and Lisa and I talk in our own language, but... it is almost like we're family now. The family none of us thought we needed. That none of us knew we wanted.
The conversation starts over something simple, like food. I miss steak. Real Cheese. Pancheros. Cheap Red Wine. And then it continues...24-Hour grocery stores. Coffee shops. My car. But it is not until we start naming names that we realize what we are missing. Mom and Dad and Kara and Beth and Graham and Annie and Janie and the cat... what we really miss, really more than anything, is everything that we knew would always be there. And it is there. But we're not there. We're here.
We find small joys, things we never would have found back home. Novelties like bindi and henna. Chinese subtitles on the vcds which we can tell were filmed in a theatre. Or community chess. Are you sure you want to do that? Are you really sure? But every now and then we sit in silence and you can read on everyone's faces exactly what we are thinking. We are thinking about everything we want to say to everyone that matters. We are wondering if it will be possible to unload our entire skulls in the airport right when we first see them. And, we are eagerly awaiting those first moments back where we fully appreciate everything that is there; everything we would not have noticed before. Everything we take for granted.
Log in or registerto write something here or to contact authors.
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comCamino 2.0 Release Notes - Complete
The complete log of new features and bug fixes in Camino 2.0 since the release of Camino 1.6.
Changes in Camino 2.0
- General
- Viewing a full-screen Flash video no longer causes the keyboard shortcut for “Close Tab” to close the entire window instead.
- Worked around a Flash bug to prevent Flash from crashing Camino when invoking Exposé while a Flash video is playing in full-screen mode.
- Restored the ability to use the Delete key as a shortcut for “Back” and the Escape key as a shortcut to stop animated GIF files.
- Upgraded the built-in Growl framework to prevent Growl registration from stealing focus from Camino on Mac OS X 10.6.
- Bookmarks & History
- Exporting bookmarks using the Safari format no longer uses an incorrect filename extension on subsequent exports.
- Added support for importing Opera 10 bookmarks.
- Preferences
- Command-click now defaults to opening links in new tabs instead of new windows.
- When adding cookie exceptions, Camino now adds the correct exception for “.sitename.tld” cookies.
- The presence of non-ASCII data in cookie values no longer prevents display of the list of stored cookies.
- Privacy & Security
- It is once again possible to trust new Certificate Authorities.
- Tabs
- Added AppleScript support for setting the active tab in each browser window.
- Tabs now support “name” as an alias for the “title” property.
- User Interface
- Polished a number of Preferences and Downloads window toolbar icons to fit more closely with the visual style of Mac OS X 10.5 and later.
Changes in Camino 2.0 Beta 4
-.
Changes in Camino 2.0 Beta 3
-.
Changes in Camino 2.0 Beta 2
-.
Changes in Camino 2.0 Beta 1
-.
- Localization
- Many of the informational messages provided by Gecko can now be localized.
-.
Changes in Camino 2.0 Alpha 1
-
See the Camino 2.0 Release Notes for the list of known issues with Camino 2.0.
Download
Release Date
November 18, 2009
Available Languages
- Chinese (Simplified)
- Danish
- Dutch
- English (US)
- German
- Italian
- Japanese
- Norwegian (Bokmål)
- Russian
- Slovenian
- Spanish (Castellano)
- Swedish
- TurkishReviewed: “Designing Tomorrow: America’s World’s Fairs of the 1930s” at the National Building Museum
Worlds Fairs are now so passé that The Simpsons once spent a whole episode relentlessly mocking the 1982 fair in Knoxville; the U.S. withdrew a decade ago from the international organization that mounts them. But during the troubled decade of the 1930s, a series of six fairs in the U.S.—culminating in the storied 1939 Trylon-and-Perisphere fair in Queens—offered downbeat Americans a shining beacon of futurism. In “Designing Tomorrow,” the National Building Museum mulls the fairs’ societal impact.
To be honest, the fairs' legacy is a mixed bag. The upside includes a whole bunch of art deco design (the bold posters, sprawling realist murals, and classical-moderne architectural flourishes have all aged tremendously well) as well as some lower-profile advances, such as the fine-tuning of how to direct visitors efficiently through crowded attractions. But the downside is apparent as well—relentless corporate sponsorship (with its affiliated cheesy architecture, public-relations spin, and overbearing branding) as well as a series of questionable “advances” touted at the fairs, such as the use of asbestos as a building material and a push to shape landscapes roughly for the benefit of the automobile. Ultimately, it’s apt that most of the fair sites were razed shortly after the attractions closed, leaving our more cynical generation with little but tacky souvenirs and heroic posters to remind us of what the fuss was all about.
Through July 10 at the National Building Museum, 401 F St. NW. (202) 272-2448. On view 10 a.m to 5 p.m. Monday to Saturday and 11 a.m to 5 p.m. Sunday.
If you are over the age of 55, look no further than Senior Corps. Becoming involved in Senior Corps is a wonderful opportunity to be a mentor or companion that assists the needs and challenges in our communities.
How Can I Get Involved?
There are several ways to become involved. First, the Foster Grandparent Program connects seniors with children, and seniors act as a support system for vulnerable children in America. Second, becoming senior companion in the Senior Companion Program allows seniors to assist one another with day-to-day living. RSVP, another program, assigns seniors with community service programs that match their skills.
What Can I Do?
More than 500,000 seniors participate in Senior Corps and help others throughout the United States. Community service for seniors allows seniors to work in a team, and working with people from diverse backgrounds is a great learning experience. Every senior has different capabilities, all of which are valued and appreciated. Presence of seniors in Senior Corps is prized. The program is flexible, and seniors are able to volunteer within their comfort limits and volunteers learn even more skills during service-learning. Not only does senior volunteering impact the communities that are served, but it also enriches the life of seniors that put effort into helping others.
Can It Help Me?
Senior Corps is an active organization in every state in the United States of America. Becoming involved enriches communities all over. It allows positivity to grow throughout the nation, and volunteer work is appreciated throughout the country. If you are interested in growing as a person, assisting fellow seniors, taking care of younger vulnerable children, or becoming involved in community service programs specific to your skills and abilities, look no further than Senior Corps. Senior Corps is an excellent way for seniors to become involved today.We had been saving Middelheim's Open-Air Museum of Sculpture until Monday ... the park that has no visible staff, no entrance fee; the big beautiful park full of stunning sculptures but you know what ... it's closed on Mondays!
But why????
A smug woman with 4 slightly embarassed looking guests unlocked the entrance gate briefly, looked over at us and the two other hopeful park wanderers, looked outraged when Clare moved towards the gate, quickly locked it, then smiled at the privileged ones.
Walking away, I had to come up with some very convincing arguments about why we shouldn't just hop the fence ... winning the day with my description of my first run-in with Belgian rules and regulations and the fact a simple illegal road-crossing almost resulted in jail time.
Like most seasoned travellers, Clare doesn't carry her passport when a country seems safe and she's out with a local, and in doing so avoids worry about theft of passport. My imagined hopping the fence in to park scenario ran something like ... so we climb the fence, smug woman with key and guests spots us, calls police, they catch us, melt some when they discover we're Antipodeans then find out that Clare is without identification ... sigh.
We walked past the spot where, on our way to the park (an omen for sure), a girl duck had flown too low on her approach, smashing into the wire fence her boyfriend had cleared. I had never seen a concussed duck gather its dignity until that moment but she was quickly on her feet and walking towards her boy on the other side of the fence, albeit a little wobbly, slipping through the barred gate in a most enviable way.
So we headed into the city and oh what a bus ride!
I have never had a bus ride like that ride. We chose the back seat for spacious comfort but as the bus pulled away we realised we were sitting directly over the bus engine which sounded like a 50cc motor scooter on full throttle, although once hearing loss set in we both noted it also brought back memories of lawn mowing sessions back home; variations were the chainsaw on idle and/or that slow drill the dentist uses to grind out old fillings.
And perhaps that wouldn't have mattered but Middelheim back to the city seems to involve many stops, many streets, many many kilometres and so much of Antwerp city. It was a little depressing when we passed close to home. We shouted to each other over the engine noise, discussing the possibility of disembarking but there was always this feeling that 'just 5 minutes more' and we'd be there.
Ahhh, it wasn't to be, I should have guessed. The bus parked in a side street and the driver turned off the engine without an announcement. Bewildered passengers got off ... they were the Belgians, they knew where they were. I heard an English guy speak to the driver, asking 'what, where and why' but nicely.
I joined him ... clearly annoying the bus driver who eventually pointed out a tram line, not saying anything more than he wasn't going to the city ... perhaps he was unaware that his bus read 'Centraal Station'.
The British guy was lovely and we three talked all the way to the city. He too had been brought down by a policeman for incorrect road crossing, threatened with a 100euro fine and was made to cross the road twice with the lights. Interesting difference between his fining process and mine, did I mention he looked Turkish ...
We lunched then headed back out onto Antwerpen streets, pleased that we'd packed our umbrellas and pleased that they opened and closed easily due to the 37.5second showers every 17.2 seconds ...
We checked out two chocolate shops; world-traveller Clare found the Del Ray shop assistants just a little intimidating ... probably still suffering from the impact of the Brugge chocolate shop sign that said don't come in unless you are buying. I assured her this wasn't the case here in Antwerpen however the 52euro per kilo of chocolate moved us on anyway.
Burie Chocolatier was lovely, as usual however the shop assistant was frosty and there was some concern that she might tear the purse from Clare's hand, just to check that she wasn't lying about not having a 50cent coin. The chocolate was very very good though.
Then came the hail ... we were sheltering from that and when Clare said something about wine and home. I thought I must have spoken aloud.
Back home was lovely ... an island of calm for the shipwrecked.
It was sad sending her off on VLM's Fokker 50 last night; sad because she was leaving and she was a incredible guest ... and sad because she wasn't so sure about flying to London on a plane with propellers.
She's home safe and we've had heavy rainshowers, one hail storm, high winds and sunshine this morning ... ahhh Belgie.
4 comments:
52 Euros for chocolate?!?!? Tell me, is it worth it?
I have no idea ... and Gert's never tasted them.
Seems a little inflated to my way of thinking but clearly I'm not their target market.
Well it's Belgium chocolate. Each freaking penny is worth it, how dare you even ask. Just joking.
VLM is great, hopping from Antwerp to London, it's fast and easy. Not to worry about those propellors outside, they's safe.
Belgium weather is the greatest. Over here it was like this this morning: Rain at home, sunshine on the way of my destination and rain at the destanition, all of this in less then 5 kms. Just love it!
Lol manic ... how do I dare ;) but you are talking to the woman who loves Cadburys peppermint or caramello chocolate ... I am a chocolate philistine.
Propellors ... Clare gets airsick sometimes and we don't see propellor airplanes anymore back home in Australia or NZ. I'm sure they are safe, I trust Belgian safety standards.
Belgie's weather ... I can only write 'Ahhh yes, it is 'special' in reply to your comment. But I come from Dunedin, NZ ... the weather is very much the same as here. So double 'sigh' me although we have penguins on our beaches, so we get some interesting Nature in return for our suffering.The Quran Discussion Group Message Board
› Terrorists Come From Every Religion
We discuss the Quran in an open minded and interactive manner to seek interpretations that are spiritually uplifting and facilitate personal growth.
4,813 Networkers
1,438 Feminists
1,457 D8'ers
1,479 Progressive Muslims
8,366 Members
10,542 Friends
Meetup members, Log in
By clicking "Sign up" or "Sign up using Facebook", you confirm that you accept our Terms of Service & Privacy PolicyWelcome
Great concept – looking forward to more.
Typical of the Chronicle bias- I don’t agree. The redistricting has stood up in all legal reviews. Another reason I stopped taking your paper
I guess you can have your cake and eat it too…
Hits the nail on the head.
Nick, I seldom agree with your political views (to which Mr. A says, “Yea, so?”) But this is the first time, and I hope the last, that I am disappointed in the quality of your work.
Your profession, while not the oldest, has a long history. You, in particular, have an outstand body of work. Sir, I’d rather see a graphite and paper sketch from you than all the Flash, Windows Media, Real Media or QuickTime crap on the net.
Nick, you’re too good to put your name of this crap.
When do we get to see the Donkeys at the Times for your next one? We already knew the first video would be an elephant. Need to shake things up a little more…too predictable from the Chron, especially when I see Jeff Cohen’s name in it. Methinks there’s too many megabites being used already for liberal crappola.
Well done first foray into new technology. The comic timing was perfect. Who cares whether or not I agree with the idea behind it (I don’t); the execution was great.
As soon as the Times becomes as biased as the right-wing wackos claim it is.
> When do we get to see the Donkeys at the
> Times for your next one?
Hey Tom & Joe
I am so glad that you guys think that what DeLay
did was legal, ethical and will withstand all legal review. FINE!
And (hopefully) in November when Democrats sweep both houses in Washington and at the state level
I know you guys are going to have the same support of the Democrats when they take advantage of this new “precedent” and break out the chainsaws all over this nation!
I am going to laugh laugh laugh when I see all of your pundits on Fox News SCREAMING at the top of their lungs about the Democrats using this DeLay sceme to their advantage. It will be amazing how Tom DeLay never existed and “this” will be a low dowm Demoncrat idea.
You people kill me! [[[[[laughs]]]]]
I’m not sure what the cartoon means. I think it’s one of the following:
-Nick thinks Congressional districts should be drawn using lines of longitude, or
-The Republican Party wants to consume Texas, then the nation, or
-Elephants like cake.
But more than anything, it looks like a stunt — a poorly-thought-out metaphor being used as an excuse to turn a newspaper into Pixar Lite.
Also, tables have four legs.
Better go back to pen and paper, 3D is obviously
not your forte…
Seems like a lot of people can’t evaluate the different aspects of this effort independent of their views on the editorial content.
The animation is nicely done (albeit somewhat simple I guess, but it gets the point across, and besides, what do you expect from a first attempt?)
The concept of animation in an editorial cartoon is a progressive-minded application of technology. What’s so wrong with that, Lazarus and Bramanti? What makes it ‘crap’, Lazarus? The fact that it’s critical of a Republican act, or do you really feel that strongly about the use of animation for editorials?
And as for the content, what Conservative can honestly say they’d have no problem if the Dems did the same thing with a state they controlled? Just because it’s ‘legal’ (and what does that mean anymore) doesn’t mean it isn’t sleazy.
The concept of animation in an editorial cartoon is a progressive-minded application of technology. What’s so wrong with that, Lazarus and Bramanti?
As I said, it comes across as a stunt. It looks like the editors throwing up “hey, look at us” window dressing while serious problems exist at the paper. Shoddy national reporting, poor retention of talent, rehashes of week-old editorials from other papers and sloppy copy editing come to mind.
I also see the animation as a waste of Nick’s talent. I just don’t see the logic of hiring a hotshot cartoonist and tossing him into the steep learning curve of digital animation.
Matt – Maybe you know something I don’t — how do we know the paper made him do this vs. this being something he wants to do (jump in here anytime, Mr. A.)? Seems like embracing new technology is a way to stay competitive as an artist.
Moreover, a number of other people were credited with work on this as well, so we don’t know if Nick had to learn all the ins and outs of digital animation or if he was just the creative director.
As for “…the editors throwing up “hey, look at us” window dressing while serious problems exist at the paper,” the editorial department is usually quite separate (at least it should be) from the others. Yes, these other problems exist, but that doesn’t mean that an attempt to do something technologically progressive with editorial cartooning is necessarily a wag-the-dog stunt. Without more information that attitude seems a bit cynical to me.
Y’all need to lighten up. This is an experiment.
Nat is right…no one threw me into 3D animation. We wanted to get into online animation and I wanted to try 3D animation because there are already a good number of people doing 2D Flash animations. Why not try something different?
There are definitely some trade-offs. Style tends to get homogenized by 3D modeling. I think there are significant strengths, though. We may stick with 3D, or maybe I’ll explore other options if I’m not getting the results I want after a few attempts.
You may not be impressed with the results, but hey, I’ve never done animation before. Personally, I think it’s a fair start.
I think Matt is wrong that this is just a stunt. I expect that one way or another, animation will be part of the future of editorial cartooning. I’d prefer to be a part of that evolution than just a spectator.
You may not be impressed with the start, but it doesn’t matter. I’m focused on where it’s going, not on where it started.
I can’t stand Flash videos on websites. It may work great for people with broadband, but not for everybody else. Too many sites are more Flash than substance.
Nick, it’s just my opinion that it’s like seeing Michelangelo taking time away from the Sistine Chapel to work on a psychedelic tee-shirt design. Nothing wrong with psychedelic tee-shirts, just maybe a bit of a jolt to see.
I’m sure James Michener wrote something for Readers’ Digest at some point.
No offense intended to you, anyone else, nor any art form, meant.
It was mentioned that three different endings were created for this video since the Supreme Court’s ruling was not known when this video was originated. We can only imagine what the foaming-mouth leftists had created in hopes that the Court
would agree rather than dismiss their lawsuit against the legal Republican act of redistricting.
But since the Chronicle prides itself in its balance we can all sit back now and wait for that soon to be created video attacking the Democrats illegal misconduct of running away from their responsibilities to New Mexico.
Re comment: “I can’t stand Flash videos on websites.”
I have a suggestion. Don’t click on them. What a concept!!
I have to wonder where else — other than on websites — one would consistently find Flash animation.
For the record, I’m not a big fan of them, either, but, then, I’m somewhat of a Luddite. I prefer static 2D cartoons for much the same reason that Fred Allen preferred radio over television: “Television is radio without the imagination.”
Not very original. It reminds me of the segment of the Godfather II where the mob bosses met in Cuba and Meyer Lansky (or his character played by Lee Strasberg) brought out the cake to divide among those in attendance. If you are going to infringe upon an idea you should give credit to the originator.
I think it is a great step in editorial cartooning, and funny in and of itself. I lived in VA during the period of the redistricting and watched from afar. Every now and then we should look at ourselves from another perspective; you would be amazed at what you might see.
As for content, anytime any of us wants control, I am sure there are newspapers for sale across the country.
Why the congress of Texas can not draw lines and form either squares or rectangles to form districts escape me. The present method make little sense I realize (from Austin to Mission is shear stupid) I am from La. where they do the same thing and it did not make sense over there. I feel that is the only way to draw the lines to actually represent those in their districts. Maybe at the age of 68 I am a lots more blind than the doctor realizes. Frank Bowers Republican in Austin
They should use the key map to draw district boundaries and make politicians go out and earn votes. Have you seen Sheila Jackson-Lee’s district map? It looks like they found out where every black person lived in a 50 square mile radius and drew the line to include them. She wouldn’t stand a chance of being elected to Congress if she had geographical boundries as a district instead of a census driven district.
We need to stop the political gerrymandering by both parties. Yes, we need to have each congressional district approximately the same in terms of population (one person, one vote), but common sense should be used to determine the boundaries of each district. (Hint: The city of Austin, the most liberal in Texas, shouldn’t be divided into five congressional districts, some extending hundreds of miles away from Austin, primarily for the purpose of diluting the voting strength of Democrats.
Democrats abused the system when they were in control of the legislature, and now Republicans are the culprits. I doubt this will change until we stop allowing partisan hacks to draw the district lines. In Texas and much of the US, districts are drawn mainly to re-elect incumbents. If the legislative branch continues to take extreme partisan positions on these districts, the judicial branch will take over this responsibility, as it should.
We need to do what Iowa does:
We need to stop the political gerrymandering by both parties.And if the Brazilian genius inspires Barcelona to Champions League glory on Wednesday and leads his country to a sixth World Cup on July 9, his elevation to the pantheon will be assured.
Ronaldinho's CV commands awe. Winners medals for the 2002 World Cup, Confederations Cup and Copa America as well as back-to-back Spanish league titles, augmented by two World and a European Footballer of the Year crowns.
Now he stands on the brink of joining the elite club of footballers whose names immediately conjure up mental images of some of the beautiful game's most iconic moments.
Ronaldinho's logic-defying skills are on their way to being bracketed with the Cruyff turn, Maradona's miraculous slalom through the entire English team at the 1986 World Cup and Pele's outrageous attempt from the halfway line against the Czechs in 1970.
"He could be a Champions League victory and World Cup win away from being classed as one of the all-time greats, alongside Pele and Maradona," says former England and Barcelona striker Gary Lineker.
"I look at some of the tricks he does and just can't understand how they are physically possible," Lineker wrote in the Sunday Telegraph.
"What is more important is that his tricks are designed to hurt the opposition - he might be fun to watch but he is also effective, scoring and making goals. And to cap it all, he plays with a smile on his face."
Other greats of the game have been similarly won over.
"Ronaldinho just makes the game so beautiful. He makes everyone happy, and his smile when he's playing says it all," said France and Juventus legend Michel Platini, one of three three-time winners of the Ballon d'Or.
Johan Cruyff, one of the pioneers of the flowing game in the 1970s known as 'total football' said Ronaldinho was ability to entertain while delivering match-winning performances was what singled him out.
"He animates the game and people love watching him when he's playing," said the former Barcelona and Netherlands great.
"Every one of his gestures is potentially dangerous and that, obviously, is what the fans want to see."
Diego Maradona, meanwhile, says Ronaldinho's willingness to test the boundaries of flamboyance were what thrilled him.
"If he wants to try a nutmeg in a risky situation, he tries it," said the Argentinian great. "On the pitch he, he is the happiest man in the world."
Ironically, the only footballing great who declines to gush unreservedly about Ronaldinho is the man widely held to be the greatest player ever -- Pele.
While the three-time World Cup winner is an admirer of his compatriot, he says judgement should be reserved until Ronaldinho nears the end of his career.
"For me, Zinedine Zidane has been the best player in the world for the last 10 years," he said in an interview with Britain's FourFourTwo magazine.
"Ronaldinho is a good player, he has some nice skills and he's playing well. But let's see if he can keep it up. Let's see how he plays in three or four or five years time."October 16th, and we're finally allowed to tell you what we've wanted to say for the past week: the T-Mobile G1 is a very good cellphone indeed. The first handset commercially available to run Google's Android platform and, with the exception perhaps of the iPhone 3G, the most anticipate mobile device launch of the year, the HTC-made G1 has a lot riding on it. Not only is it T-Mobile USA's flagship 3G handset, it's the first time Android has been seen outside prototypes and pre-production hyperbole. Can the G1 live up to it? Check out the full Android Community review to find out.
The form of the G1 is both familiar and new at the same time. Familiar because we've seen the gradual progression from part-glimpsed HTC prototype, because of the sense of familiarity with SideKick handsets, and new by virtue of its surprisingly clean design. It's 158g weight sits well in the hand, heavy enough to feel solid but not so much to feel cumbersome. Flip open the arc-curved side-sliding touchscreen and you'll find - or perhaps not even notice - that the handset has been weighted so that it doesn't topple backwards. That much-maligned 'chin' section, angled with the trackball and buttons, nestles into the curve of your hand and goes unnoticed.
Under the hood, a 528MHz Qualcomm MSM7201A processor lends the G1 its grunt, paired with 256MB ROM and 192MB RAM. HTC have given the handset dualband HSPA/WCDMA in the US (1700/2100MHz) or single-band in Europe (2100MHz), capable of supporting up to 7.2Mbps downloads (network depending), together with quadband GSM/GPRS/EDGE. There's also WiFi b/g, Bluetooth 2.0+EDR and GPS, as well as a digital compass and accelerometer orientation sensor.
Users are faced with a breadth of input options, including a full QWERTY keyboard, 3.2-inch 320 x 480 HVGA capacitive touchscreen and trackball. Get used to flipping out the keyboard, however, as Android v1.0 lacks an on-screen keyboard beyond basic the numeric pad for dialing. Thankfully the G1's 'board is well laid-out, five-rows of letters and dedicated number keys, together with useful shortcuts to key applications. Shortcuts can also be user-programmed, to any number or letter you so wish, whether a pre-loaded app or something downloaded from the Android Market. Our only criticism would be the keyboard backlighting, which could definitely do with being brighter.
The touchscreen is even more of a success. Unlike other HTC smartphones it uses a capacitive panel, similar to that of the iPhone, responding well to even gentle touches. It's a shame, then, that it's not capable of multitouch, which remains an iPhone exclusive in cellphones at least. Still, the G1's interface is very quick, with no long load times or pauses as applications load. The home screen is neatly laid-out and straightforward to customize, and can be as complex or as streamlined as you choose. Here the G1 edges ahead of the iPhone, with Android's freedom to add any variety of contact cards, picture frames, apps and widgets to the home screen and its folders.
Along the top of the display sits the notification bar, a well organized way to view SMS, MMS, email, IM and download notifications, among others, as well as a list of recent activities similar to that found at the top of the Start menu in Windows Mobile. Also similar to the Microsoft mobile OS, and an unwelcome decision at that, is the absence of a task manager to end background applications. Android promises to manage which software is closed and which stays open, but we'd rather it was more draconian for the sake of battery life. All those secretly active programs take their toll, via background processes, on the 1150mAh Li-Ion battery. As far as we can tell, the only way to shut apps down completely is to power-cycle the handset.
In a way, the lack of manual closing makes the G1's absence of lag, even having opened several programs, all the more surprising. Anybody coming from Windows Mobile, used to watching their smartphone crawl to a sluggish halt as cycles and RAM are monopolized, will be impressed with how responsive the G1 remains. In fact, the only app crashes we observed happened well in advance of the G1 slowing down, with only a message warning of an instability that requires the program's restarting. Generally, though, for a first-generation device the G1 - and Android itself - is remarkably stable. Whether closed in the background or not, software picks up exactly where you left off, and the speed of start-up makes the transition around the OS pretty seamless.
Google's search history (if you'll pardon the pun) has culminated in one of the most useful features of Android on the G1, in the shape of the dedicated search key. Accessible at any time, it makes searching for files significantly faster than straight browsing, and its consistency across applications means it soon becomes an instinctive action. There's no way to search cross-app, however, so you can't for instance browse through documents while in the media player, only media content.
You'd also expect a Google-branded product to excel at internet browsing, and here the G1 is a mixed-bag. Based on the same open-source WebKit engine as the iPhone, Nokia's S60 browser and others, it's full-HTML compatible and handled most any site we pointed it at. Navigation is via a combination of the touchscreen and the trackball, with a Nokia-style magnification window (which shows the position of the current view in terms of the page as a whole) when zoomed-in. Magnification is neither as slick nor as smooth as on the iPhone, a point where the absence of multitouch is a real drawback. Instead, you swipe across the screen with your finger, which summons up a virtual lens with which to focus down on specific sections. It's workable, but nowhere near as intuitive as on Apple's device. Another shortcoming is the bizarre lack of integration with the accelerometer: rotating the G1 does not rotate the screen, you're forced to slide out the keyboard in order to do that. Finally, cut & paste only appears to work with URLs, not text anywhere on webpages, and there's no Flash support at present.
Of course, Google's other forte is messaging, and the G1 ships with a full breadth of IM compatibility including Google Talk, AOL Instant Messenger, Windows Live and Yahoo! Messenger, all of which can be logged-into simultaneously and remain so in the background. New messages are flagged up on the notification bar and done so relatively discretely, so as not to distract too much from whatever app you're currently using. Frustratingly, though, the different providers are all grouped separately, meaning your MSN contacts, say, are in a different list from your AOL buddies. That can be preferable on the desktop, where you're more likely to differentiate and organize your social groups, but on a mobile device we'd have preferred to see at least the option to integrate all contacts into a single online/offline list.
Still, you can see the golden touch of ex-SideKick Andy Rubin in the IM experience as a whole, as it's one of the more - if not the most - successful on a mobile device. Different conversations are easily switched between, and the keyboard comes into its own for rapid pecking. That ease of use continues into the SMS/MMS client, where messages are threaded into conversations and send seemingly instantaneously.
Photos are courtesy of a 3.2-megapixel camera with mechanical autofocus, the latter being something of a rariety in a mobile device. It lends the G1 a far more professional feel, more like a compact digital camera than an afterthought. Half-pressing the dedicated camera button focuses the picture, fully-pressing it fires off the shot. Images themselves are crisp, if a little on the light side, but decent for a cellphone; all the more frustrating, then, that in the absence of a flash dimly-lit areas are often impossible to photograph. At present the camera will only take still photos, not video.
The G1 relies on microSDHC cards for storage, and is compatible with the latest 16GB models for iPhone-equalling capacity. The slot itself is hidden underneath the rear cover, as is the SIM slot, but unlike the SIM you're not required to remove the battery pack in order to switch memory cards. Some might prefer a more accessible microSDHC slot, but anyone who has accidentally dropped several gigabytes of content will confirm that, when it comes to memory cards the size of your fingernail, safety outsts a few seconds time-saving.
Add a card and the G1 automatically locates any music, pictures and video stored on it. Choose a file and you're asked which app you want to play it with; if it's a video, you'll have to make a trip to the Android Market first, though, as the pre-installed Android media player can only handle audio files. Playback is via a wired stereo headset - which requires an HTC breakout dongle, as the G1 lacks a dedicated 3.5mm headphone jack. At this time, the G1 does not support A2DP stereo Bluetooth, but should after a future firmware update. We paired a number of different hands free Bluetooth headsets with the G1 and experienced no problems at all. A nice touch is that, when listening to music, you're given the option to search for the video in the standalone YouTube app; only problem is, switch away from the video and it automatically pauses, so you can't use it as a streaming music player in the background.
We've mentioned the Android Market several times, and Google's answer to the Apple AppStore holds its own on the G1. The application database is intelligently managed; the entire list of available software isn't fully synchronized every time you open the Market, only the new titles, and it keeps track of which you've already downloaded and/or installed. Applications you download are installed to the pull-out menu on the home screen, in alphabetical order, keeping it both tidy and well-organized.
Google seem to be taking a different stance to Apple in their management of the Android Market: unlike on the iPhone, apps will go through no vetting before being available to download. Instead, a review & rate system is being implemented, where users score and comment on downloads. The plus side to that is the range of titles (Apple have a habit of pruning out what they don't think is "suitable" for their cellphone) and the speed at which updates can be posted; the negative is the potential for malware or poorly coded apps to get onto at least a handful of devices until the software can be flagged up as harmful.. In a way that's unusual for Android, because you can tell Google have tried hard to make it approachable for entry-level users. The settings menu has easy-to-comprehend descriptions, and the synchronization summary clearly shows which items are up to date and which have encountered problems. Meanwhile the applications manager - with the frustrating exception of a kill switch - runs through how much space each program takes up and what it's properties are. It's an area that Windows Mobile, with its multple, convoluted settings screens and seemingly endless tabs, would do well to learn from.
If a key motivation for picking up a new cellphone is the extent to which you can impress friends and family, you'll be pleased to know that the G1 has just such an app. Android obviously includes Google Maps for Mobile, but they've given it some extra wow-factor with compass-enabled Street View. Hold up the phone with Google's street-level photos loaded up and, as you physically turn around, the on-screen representation does so too. It sounds like a gimmick - and indeed it can be, if you're using it to justify your new purchase to your spouse or bank manager - but it's also a handy way of figuring out which way to go at an unfamiliar intersection. When you're finished panning around places you used to live, or stalking ex-partners, the GPS quickly locks on and gives straightforward, accurate directions.
Of course, at its heart the G1 is a phone, and one intended to show off T-Mobile's 3G network to boot. Call quality is, thankfully, excellent, both normally and through the loud, clear speakerphone. T-Mobile's 3G network has surprising reach, too; although the carrier is only really promoting Phoenix and New York City as flooded with their high-speed access, we had no problem getting a 3G signal in San Jose, with next to zero dropped calls.
In fact, it'll be battery life that curtails your use of the G1, not the network. Despite the sizeable power-pack, with heavy use the G1 only lasted 2-3hrs. That's a mixture of voice calls, internet browsing, GPS and media playback, but it leaves us doubtful that the handset would last a full day if used in earnest. Our suspicion is that it's background processes putting their demands on the battery, and we wouldn't be surprised to see a software update pushed out sooner rather than later which attempts to manage that better. Hopefully an aftermarket task manager will also make a speedy appearance. You can charge the handset either with the included AC adapter - which takes about an hour - or via a USB connection to your PC or Mac; the G1 shows up as a removable drive, to which you can drag media or document files.
While we're talking about frustrations, the G1 is a real fingerprint and grease magnet. Like any phone with a large display, the glass smudges readily; however the entire G1 seems particularly prone. With no screen protectors to hand, we resorted to cutting up an iPhone protector and using that.
In judging the T-Mobile G1, you're really coming to two conclusions. The first is of the handset itself, while the second is more about Android as a platform. That's going to make things tricky, and you'll no doubt read plenty of reviews and opinions basically claiming Android falls down because the reviewer doesn't like the G1. Happily, we've been impressed - and surprised, even - on both counts.
The T-Mobile G1 certainly isn't perfect - you definitely need a second battery if you're a power-user, the capacitive touchscreen is great but, without multitouch, seems only half used, and the app management needs either a stern talking-to or a user-accessible way to kill running processes - but it's very, very good. HTC, T-Mobile and Google have said that they set out to design a true internet-enabled mobile device, and they've done just that. The G1 will inevitably be compared to Apple's iPhone 3G, but it represents a sightly different angle on the mobile experience. Where the iPhone is, by virtue of Apple's omni-present controlling hand, a relatively closed system (and no less successful, or attractive, for it, mind), the G1 panders instead to those who would prefer something more tweakable, more customizable.
Android, meanwhile, has exactly what it needs: a device on which to showcase its features and tempt with the promise of what's to come. Again, it's nowhere near perfect, but it's also version one; think back to the first iPhone experience, back even further to the early stages of Windows Mobile, and then recognize that Google have poured - and will continue to pour - masses of investment into making this platform work. Owners of the first G1 handsets will undoubtedly profit from that investment, upgrading and taking advantage of new drivers, new software and new third-party hacks; in fact anything the open-source community can come up with.
We're excited by the T-Mobile G1 in a way we haven't been by a mobile device in a long time. It might lack the drool-inducing instant allure of the iPhone 3G, but it counters that both with usable, thought-out abilities today and real promise for tomorrow. Android and the G1 are no iPhone-killer, but they're certainly a game-changer.
Unboxing T-Mobile G1 (Birds eye view)
[youtube][/youtube]
Setting up T-Mobile G1
[youtube][/youtube]
T-Mobile G1 Hardware walkthrough
[youtube][/youtube]
Unboxing T-Mobile G1 (facing us)
[youtube][/youtube]
Pingback: T-Mobile G1 and Android celebrate 5th birthday, here’s to 5 more years! - Features and Price()Revisiting the variation of clustering coefficient of biological networks suggests new modular structure
-
- Equal contributors
Author affiliations
1 College of Bioinformatics Science and Technology, Harbin Medical University, Harbin, 150081, China
2 The Second Department of Orthopedics, the Second Affiliated Hospital of Harbin Medical University, Harbin, 150081, China
Citation and License
BMC Systems Biology 2012, 6:34 doi:10.1186/1752-0509-6-34Published:.12 years of experience
Video profile
Accepting new patients
Ste 1B
Macon, GA 31201 Phone number & directions
Patient Reviews
Patient Reviews ? Write a Review
You have to read this before making the decision to become his patient. I am not someone who goes online trying to destroy anyone's name. This is vital information that I hope help others make an informed decision. This is also not a rage review. I have waited over a month before writing a review, just so it would be level-headed. Horrible doctor. I unfortunately found myself in the same hospital room with him when he gave up on my uncle. He has 0% bedside manner and acted as if he was a robot programmed to only speak negatively and said things he had no business saying. Doctors are supposed to stay neutral...not speak as if their opinion is the only way and gave off a huge sense of judgement towards my family. The following day he sent one of his colleagues in to tell my uncle his scan results because he was too much of a coward to do it himself, to never talk with my uncle again after over a year of treating him (draining him, destroying him, giving false hope an entire year, for more money in his pocket. He went out of his way making my uncle believe he would beat his cancer and that the tumors were shrinking). Then he just threw him away with no compassion at all. GET THIS, he did not even sit down with him to go over the scan with him. It was a very important scan. His nurse came into the hospital room, said there was nothing more they could do, gave a span of life expectancy and that was that. His hospice doctor was the only one to take the time to explain what the results were and he was shocked at the way Al-Hajj had his medications set up. They also tested his blood and it was very thick because Al-Hajj told him to only take the blood thinner by shot, not by mouth anymore. Turns out he should have been taking both the entire time. He was stuck in the hospice unit for 72 more hours to watch his blood before he could go home, in efforts to get it back to where it should be. He definitely showed signs of patient neglect. I can imagine he has done many others the same way. Very, very unprofessional in every way and would not recommend him, even as a last resort. Travel out of town before resorting to this form of patient care.
Had this dr for almost a year during chemo. He almost ended me with treatments. He does not listen to his patients. He does what he wants. While in the hospital being treated for chemo damage I had scans and he sent his nurse in to tell me I had no hope and placed me in hospice. He did not have the compassion to come see me or tell me himself. He just washed his hands of me as if I were trash on his hands! I truly hope this helps others so they will not be treated this way.
It's 2013 and I completely agree with the person who reviewed Dr. Al Hajj, MD. in 2011. I was with him on two appointments and also found him to have a "I play God"complex. He showed no concern and would not answer any important questions for me. I can't tell you how disappointed I was in him. I wish I had read reviews on him before I wasted my time.
I have never met such a cold doctor in my 48 years of living. He plays God and after 1 visit, he said no treatment available and refused to answer questions.Fire chief terminated because of Christian faith
What a headline. How can this be? Please see this article via Todd Starnes at Fox News: The city of Atlanta fired its fire chief solely because of his religious beliefs about same-sex marriage and homosexual conduct, according to a lawsuit filed Wednesday in federal court. The lawsuit was filed by Alliance Defending Freedom attorneys […]Jeswan Kaur| February 13, 2014
Free Malaysia Today
Umno’s image is in shreds, but does Zahid Hamidi care?
COMMENT
Violence apparently comes easy to Umno politicians and those associated with them, as they have illustrated so many times in words and deeds.
Ahmad Zahid Hamidi, said to be one of the Umno president’s most trusted lieutenants, obviously does not care that the public thinks so lowly of his party or that his outrageous defence of blood-spilling thugs serves only to deepen our suspicion of his being a violent man himself, as alleged in a suit brought a few years ago by businessman Amir Abdullah Bazli.
Amir said Zahid allegedly administered punches on his face in public in 2006, leaving him with a fractured nose and swollen eye. Zahid denied the allegations and applied for the case to be dismissed, which finally happened in 2010.
He then decided to counter-sue Amir, citing humiliation and emotional trauma as a result of the accusation.
Thankfully, the Court of Appeal in 2012 had the wisdom to rule against Zahid’s bid to strike out the assault suit. The three judges in the panel ordered him to pay RM5,000 in costs and respond to the action.
Amir’s suit was eventually settled out of court at the end of last year.
But despite claiming to have been traumatised by the smear on his alleged reputation, Zahid seems not to have learned his lesson.
How else can we explain his apparent refusal to chastise the group that wants violence done on one of his political opponents?
Indeed the tone of his statement on the matter indicated that he was all for Teresa Kok being slapped in the face for allegedly insulting Muslims with her video, as if the Prime Minister and his wife represent Islam.
Zahid told reporters it was unnecessary for the authorities to investigate Kok’s allegation of harassment by the Council of Islamic NGOs.
He has instead ordered the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission to investigate complaints made against Kok over her satirical Chinese New Year video.
Silencing critics
Of course, Zahid is only one of Umno’s many enemies within who are doing further damage to the party’s already tattered image.
Last month, a Hulu Selangor Umno Youth leader reportedly attacked Second Deputy Education Minister P Kamalanathan with a punch on the neck over a school transfer issue.
Is violence or the threat of it part of Umno’s strategy in silencing critics or those who dare complain about the depressing state of the nation?
Interestingly, the mob that killed chickens in their anger against Kok and other opposition figures were professing to protect the sanctity of Islam, a claim we have been hearing a lot lately from groups with a similar violent bent, even as they complain about unfair western portrayals of Islam as a violent religion.
And Umno, despite claiming to be a better protector of Islam than its rivals, does not seem to care that the religion ends up as collateral damage from the words and deeds of these hypocrites.
Jeswan Kaur is a freelance writer and a FMT columnist.
#1 by lee tai king (previously dagen) on Thursday, 13 February 2014 - 8:53 am
“Use your head not your arms.”
That is what the chinese believe. Smart people use their brains and rely on reasons but stupid people resort to brute force and putting fear in others.
We know that umno consisted of half-past sixes. This is a well known fact which monsterO’mamak himself confirmed not too long ago.
Can we then in all honesty expect them not to use brute force or putting fear in others?
#2 by boh-liao on Thursday, 13 February 2014 - 11:00 am
“Umno’s image is in shreds, but does Zahid Hamidi care?”
HOLY cow, WHAT kind of mesej is dis?
As if UmnoB’s imej is so holily n impeccably good UNTIL d violent minster spoke or acted, CORRECT meh
Rakyat know VIOLENCE is UmnoB’s middle name
#3 by boh-liao on Thursday, 13 February 2014 - 11:02 am
Blue- or BLACK-eyes too
#4 by Bigjoe on Thursday, 13 February 2014 - 11:56 am
That Zahid Hamidi don’t care is quite obvious and a lost cause. The issue is why do his supporters don’t care either? Truth is Zahid Hamidi is a fake – this is a guy who was one of Anwar Ibrahim most fierciest supporter when he was favoured by the rising Anwar – only to grovel to Anwar’s enemies when his patron fell far enough, clawing his way back with even more brutishness.
In other words, take away Hamidi’s sheer brute power and what you have is scared small Gollum character. Those who think that is leadership and strength, insult and demean themselves..The real question is why there is so many so willing?
#5 by good coolie on Friday, 14 February 2014 - 1:30 pm
The answer is that we should vote for Anwar and support his bid to be PM. At least he would object to people using violence against others, being himself a victim of brutes.Fly discount first-class by knowing how to search and ask for “Y-UP” and “Q-UP” fares. [FareCompare]
By consumerist.com August 23, 2007
Fly discount first-class by knowing how to search and ask for “Y-UP” and “Q-UP” fares. [FareComp-fares aren’t a secret; it’s just airline-speak for “full-fare coach”, defined as “the maximum you could possibly pay for a plane ticket, drunk and at gunpoint”. Last I checked, on several of the majors, a Y-fare was confirmably upgradeable at any frequent flyer level; they’re basically expense account code for “Business Class”. I’m not sure this is much of a “deal”, but if you were ready to fork over the cash for an actual full-fare first class ticket, maybe it is for you.Wednesday, 18 September 2013 14:23
By Steve BorchardtIf you've watched any of the commercials hyping up this Saturday's UFC 165 main event between light heavyweight champion Jon Jones and challenger Alexander Gustafsson you've probably learned at least two things.
First, and evidently foremost in the UFC's mind, Gustafsson is an inch taller than the champ. Second, there's a distinct possibility Bruce Buffer will be left with nothing but a bloody stump atop his neck after he does his introduction for the main event. Presumably the excitement engendered by watching a man who is 6'4" tall facing another who is 6'5" will be too much for poor Buffer to take, thus causing his cranium to do its best impression of a tomato in a microwave oven.
Not one of the company's more effective ad campaigns, but to be fair the UFC don't have a lot to work with here.
Fans weren't exactly clamoring for a Gustafsson title shot, but here we are anyway. Given his six fight win streak and impressive victory over former champ Mauricio "Shogun" Rua, the self proclaimed "Mauler" was the best available candidate to challenge for Jones' title.
This despite the fact that in Gustafsson's UFC career he's only beaten one top ten opponent and has only gotten two W's on the big stage -- against Shogun last December on FOX and against Vladimir Matyushenko at UFC 141. Other than that the Sweede has largely flown under the radar while amassing a quiet win streak on PPV prelims and in the main event of a FUEL TV show nobody watched.
It's not an easy sell when you've got a relatively smaller name, who has so far proven himself to be solidly above average in the cage but not a killer, going up against arguably the greatest living fighter on the face of the planet. Not only do the majority of fans not know a lot about Gustafsson, there's simply nothing they've seen from him so far that leads to the conclusion he has what it takes to upset Jones. Which is why we're stuck with commercials running down both men's measurements and depicting the spontaneous combustion of well-coiffed ring announcer's heads.
For his part Jones hasn't done much to help sell the fight. In interviews he appears decidedly unconcerned about any potential challenges his 15-1 opponent might bring to the table.
"People are saying...Gustafsson has the best footwork and he has the best boxing," Jones said of the challenger on the UFC 165 conference call. "And then you really look at it and you're just like, ‘What are you talking about?' Like, look closely. Look really closely."
Those weren't the only disparaging remarks Jones had for his opponent's skillset though.
"If you watch my fights and you watch Alexander's fights, he gets hit a lot with a lot of different punches," Jones told reporters. "With me, I've gone through some fights where fighters don't touch me once."
These may be very valid points for Jones to discuss with his coaches, but bringing them up in public doesn't do anyone any good. If Jones is so far above Gustafsson the outcome of the fight is virtually a foregone conclusion, where is the suspense heading into UFC 165? It would be one thing if Jones made comments like this and they didn't smack so much of truth -- after all, from time immemorial fighters have always put down their opponents -- but in this case it comes across less like good old fashioned braggadocio and more like Jones pointing out what we already know: he's light years better than everyone else in his division.
Which may be undeniable at this point, but erasing all room for doubt may make it tempting for some fans to skip shows Jones headlines since they feel like they already know how the story ends. That would mean smaller profits for the UFC and a more diet-friendly slice of the PPV pie for Jones.
Gustafsson isn't the only fighter Jones has buried in recent days though. This past Monday, when asked by reporters about two men who have been mentioned as the potential next number one contender, Jones was decidedly not following the edict of mothers across the globe regarding what their children should do when they don't have anything nice to say about someone.
Glover Teixeira? Forget about it. He's not in the champ's league.
"I thought he showed signs of being a high-level fighter," Jones said of Teixeira. ."
Daniel Cormier? Please. The undefeated Strikeforce Grand Prix champion has yet to prove himself in the sport.
"To be honest with you, I don't think Daniel Cormier really deserves a big fight," Jones revealed. "I don't think I have much to gain from beating Daniel Cormier because no one knows who he is, and he hasn't really proved much."
On the one hand it's sort of refreshing to hear Jones give his unfiltered opinion on potential opponents when asked by reporters. After all, don't we want candor from our fighters?
The problem is though, the fight game is all about building anticipation. The UFC does it's best to sell Jones' potential opponents as legit challengers, but it's hard to take any of them as a serious threat given the talent and performance differentials between Jones and everyone else who fights at 205 pounds. Jones pointing this out only further cements the arrogant image many fans have of him and erodes the marketability of his future opponents.
Which begs the question, just who does Jones feel is worthy of stepping in the Octagon with him? It can't be anyone at light heavyweight, since the only names in the top ten the champ hasn't defeated so far are Teixeira, Phil Davis, Antonio Rogerio Nogueira, and Gegard Mousasi. Of those four Teixeira is the closest to a title shot, but if he's not ready in the champ's eyes it's hard to see Jones being exited about any of those other names.
Maybe this is why Jones has been talking about facing heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez or going into boxing and challenging one of the Klitschko brothers. When you've been living on top of the mountain long enough, it's only natural to look for new, even higher peaks to climb.
For now though Jones is still the light heavyweight champ, and he's going to need a new challenger assuming he lives up to expectations and beats Gustafsson.
Jones greatness is such that each time he steps in the cage we really are witnessing a piece of history. That may be reason enough for some fans to pay for his fights, but he might be able to convince even more of them to open up their wallets for the privilege of witnessing history if he stops publicly pointing out the flaws in his opponents.
After all, the more a fighter builds up his opponent's strengths, the more impressive he appears when he beats him.
Hit me up on Twitter @BorchardtMMA or drop me a line at This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view itNew SSDNow V300 Solid-state Drive Provides Consumers with
High-performance, Cost-efficient Upgrade Solution
Customized LSI SandForce Flash Storage Processor Solution.
† Based on PCMark Vantage, Advanced Edition HDD Test Suite. Test system: Dell XPS 8500, Intel H77 Chipset, Intel® Core™ i7-3770 CPU, 8GB System Memory. SSD tested as primary drive with results based on “out-of-box” performance. This SSD is designed for use in desktop and notebook computer workloads, and is not intended for Server environments.
Kingston SSDNow V300 Features and Specifications:
· Form factor: 2.5"
· Interface: SATA Rev. 3.0 (6Gb/s) – with backwards compatibility to SATA Rev. 2.0
· Capacities1: 60GB, 120GB, 240GB
· Sequential Reads2:
SATA Rev. 3.0 — up to 450MB/s
· Sequential Writes2:
SATA Rev. 3.0 — up to 450MB/s
· Maximum Random 4k Read/Write3
60GB — up to 85,000/up to 60,000 IOPS
120GB — up to 85,000/up to 55,000 IOPS
240GB — up to 85,000/up to 43,000 IOPS
· PCMark® Vantage HDD Suite Score
60GB — 39,000
120GB — 49,000
240GB — 57,000
· Power Consumption:
0.640W (MAX) Idle / 1.423W (MAX) Read / 2.052W (MAX) Write
· Storage temperatures: -40°C ~ 85°C
· Operating temperatures: 0°C ~ 70°C
· Dimensions: 69.8mm x 100.1mm x 7mm
· Weight: 86g
· Vibration operating: 2.17G Peak (7–800Hz)
· Vibration non-operating: 20G Peak (10–2000Hz)
· Life expectancy: 1 million hours MTBF
· Warranty/support: three-year warranty with free technical support
· Total Bytes Written (TBW)4
60GB — 32TB
120GB — 64TB
240GB — 128TB
1.
2 Based on “out-of-box performance” with ATTO Disk Benchmark 2.41. Speed may vary due to host hardware, software, and usage.
3 Based on “out-of-box performance” with IOMeter.
4 Total Bytes Written (TBW) refers to how much total data can be written to an SSD for a given workload before the drive reaches its endurance limits.
Kingston SSDNow V300 Solid-State Drives††
Part Number
Capacity and Features
SV300S37A/60G
60GB Stand-alone V300 SSD
SV300S37A/120G
120GB Stand-alone V300 SSD
SV300S37A/240G
240GB Stand-alone V300 SSD
SV300S3D7/60G
60GB Desktop Upgrade Kit
SV300S3D7/120G
120GB Desktop Upgrade Kit
SV300S3D7/240G
240GB Desktop Upgrade Kit
SV300S3N7A/60G
60GB Notebook Upgrade Kit
SV300S3N7A/120G
120GB Notebook Upgrade Kit
SV300S3N7A/240G
240GB Notebook Upgrade Kit
SV300S3B7A/60G
60GB Desktop/Notebook Upgrade Kit
SV300S3B7A/120G
120GB Desktop/Notebook Upgrade Kit
SV300S3B7A/240G
240GB Desktop/Notebook Upgrade Kit[T1]
††Please check your favorite Kingston e-tailer or reseller for pricing..We created Pandora to put the Music Genome Project directly in your hands
It’s a new kind of radio –
stations that play only music you like
Little Hitlers
Features of This Trackhard rock roots
mild rhythmic syncopation
varying tempo and time signatures
repetitive melodic phrasing
minor key tonality
dirty electric guitar riffs
a gravelly male vocalist
an aggressive male vocalist
a partially spoken vocal delivery
prominent drums
offensive lyrics
These are just a few of the hundreds of attributes cataloged for this track by the Music Genome Project.show moreDesigning climate change adaptation policies : an economic framework".
- World Bank, 2010. "World Development Report 2010," World Bank Publications, The World Bank, number 4387, May.
- World Bank, 2010. "Economics of Adaptation to Climate Change : Mozambique," World Bank Other Operational Studies 12748, The World Bank.
- World Bank, 2010. "Economics of Adaptation to Climate Change : Samoa," World Bank Other Operational Studies 12746, The World Bank.
- Arrow, Kenneth J & Fisher, Anthony C, 1974. "Environmental Preservation, Uncertainty, and Irreversibility," The Quarterly Journal of Economics, MIT Press, vol. 88(2), pages 312-19, May.
- Lecocq, Franck & Shalizi, Zmarak, 2007. "Balancing expenditures on mitigation of and adaptation to climate change : an exploration of Issues relevant to developing countries," Policy Research Working Paper Series 4299, The World Bank.
- World Bank, 2010. "Economics of Adaptation to Climate Change : Ethiopia," World Bank Other Operational Studies 12504, The World Bank.
- Prema-chandra Athukorala & Budy P. Resosudarmo, 2005. "The Indian Ocean Tsunami: Economic Impact, Disaster Management and Lessons," Departmental Working Papers 2005-05, The Australian National University, Arndt-Corden Department of Economics.
- Timothy C. Irwin, 2007. "Government Guarantees : Allocating and Valuing Risk in Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects," World Bank Publications, The World Bank, number 6638, May.
- Barry Smit & Ian Burton & Richard Klein & J. Wandel, 2000. "An Anatomy of Adaptation to Climate Change and Variability," Climatic Change, Springer, vol. 45(1), pages 223-251, April.
-.
- World Bank, 2010. "Economics of Adaptation to Climate Change : Vietnam," World Bank Other Operational Studies 12747, The World Bank.
- Hallegatte, Stephane & Hourcade, Jean-Charles & Dumas, Patrice, 2007. "Why economic dynamics matter in assessing climate change damages: Illustration on extreme events," Ecological Economics, Elsevier, vol. 62(2), pages 330-340, April.
- Claude Henry, 1984. "La microéconomie comme langage et enjeu de négociations," Revue Économique, Programme National Persée, vol. 35(1), pages 177-198.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:wbk:wbrwps:55.On top down under
AGDA Awards becomes Australian Design Biennale 2012
Some big changes have been in the works with the way the Australian Graphic Design Association (AGDA) structure and promote their awards program, held every two years. Say hello to the Australian Design Biennale – a re-imagining of AGDA’s awards, from the categories, the publication and even to the naming and the event itself. Expectations amongst the industry are high, and the first visible sign of change and progress is this spiffy new awards showcase site, courtesy of Melbourne shop Beyond The Pixels.
It’s a great looking site that finally gives an online platform to showcase the work of Australia’s design community. There’s tons of work from amongst the best the Australian design industry has to offer, and as a somewhat patriotic Aussie designer who loves spreading the word on the very best from down under, it’s a very welcome resource indeed!THE LEGO MOVIE New Character Poster – Vitruvius Written by Rama on Jan 08, 2014. Posted in Headlines, Movies Here’s the latest poster for THE LEGO MOVIE headlining character Vitruvius, voiced by one of the greatest narrators of all-time, Morgan Freeman . Related PostsTHE LEGO MOVIE Character Poster – Vitruvius Voiced By Morgan FreemanTHE LEGO MOVIE Character Poster – Emmet Voiced By Chris PrattHere’s a brand new Poster For THE LEGO MOVIE2 New Banners For THE LEGO MOVIE Featuring Lego BatmanTHE LEGO MOVIE New Character Poster – I’m Batman With Batitude Share this:FacebookTwitterGooglePinterestTumblrStumbleUponLinkedInEmailPrintMorePocketReddit Tags: Morgan Freeman, The LEGO Movie Trackback from your site.You’d think a place named for a borough would take pains to offer the region’s best. Not this café inside the landmark Astral Apartments. The pepper-happy Mayan hot chocolate was throat burning; Colorado chili—grits and shredded pork topped with a poached egg and slices of multigrain bread—was an overwhelming stew. The sole redemption is the pesto-and-Parmesan-laced “Green Eggs” on challah toast. Stick with the caffeinated-drinks menu (cardamom-and-honey cappuccino). This joint is more collegiate coffeehouse than neighborhood eatery: indie-rock playlist, a veneer counter and a slew of young, unkempt locals.
Brooklyn Label
Brooklyn Label
re.brooklynlabel
brooklyn labelMike Joyce, a designer based in New York City, melded together his completely unrelated love of swiss modernism and punk rock to design vintage punk, hard rock, indie, and new wave rock show flyers that look and feel like international typographic style posters. What do you think of Swissted? Would you hang one of these on your wall? Have you seen any clever mash-ups lately?
{ 1 trackback }
{ 5 comments… read them below or add one }
Oh man, I need The Smiths!
They’re the best! I still listen to Morrissey most weeks.
Love the fonts and the designs, but could do without hot pink and the last one makes me dizzy to look at.
That’s actually the one I like. How funny! I love the Ramones though!
Love this. Reminds me of what I would covet in art school in the 80s.
“So, Bauhaus!” We would say.A man has been charged over 10 armed robberies at bottle shops and motels across the northern suburbs.
Fawkner Embona members have arrested Thomas Bufete, 22, of Carlton, over a series of robberies between December last year and April this year.
Bufete has arrested on Anzac Day after a police pursuit that happened between Taylors Lakes and Brunswick. He has also been charged over incidents related to the pursuit.
He was due to appear in Melbourne Magistrates’ Court on Saturday.- Forum: iPod + iTunes + AppleTV
- Thread: Hulu Plus launches on Apple TV
I think this has to co-incide with Mountain Lion. Now you can just airplay the web version of Hulu directly to your TV so Hulu knows the only way to combat people just doing that is to offer it up directly on Apple TV. I'll still probably go the freebie web version unless it doesn't convert very well but Hulu really only had one choice with the advent of Airplay from the Mac.Ellie Harrison is an artist based in Glasgow (UK) shortlisted for the Converse/Dazed 2011 Emerging Artists Award.
In 2015 she is associate artist at GoMA Glasgow.
Her Early Warning Signs can be found around the UK at four host venues and her Vending Machine can be seen in London as part of the public collection at the Open Data Institute.
The ideas behind Ellie’s recent practice are explored in the text by Laurie Penny commissioned to accompany her solo exhibition Market Forces, and, in the artist’s profile by Martin Herbert published in Art Monthly in 2011. A survey of her earlier work can be found in the 2009 book Confessions of a Recovering Data Collector featuring her project Eat 22, which can also be seen in London as part of the permanent display at the Wellcome Collection.
This website serves as an archive of her gallery based work created since 2000 and acts as an introduction to her numerous internet based projects which can currently be viewed online. It also provides information about the curatorial and collaborative projects she has initiated since 2005 and is currently working on. You can also find information about her current and previous residencies and exhibitions, as well as a thorough press archive dating back to 2002.
The animation above features a random sample of some of Ellie’s most recent and well-known projects. Please click on a project title for more information. For each page on the website that you visit you will also be provided with a randomly generated definition of Ellie Harrison following the asterisk below the main menu.
Ellie Harrison is Lecturer in Contemporary Art Practices at Duncan of Jordanstone College of Art & Design. She is the founder and coordinator of the Bring Back British Rail campaign, agent for The Artists’ Bond and a member of the Scottish Artists Union and the University and College Union.
Environmental Policy
Creative Commons Licence
RSS Feed-86, April.
-.
- Merton, Robert C, 1969. "Lifetime Portfolio Selection under Uncertainty: The Continuous-Time Case," The Review of Economics and Statistics, MIT Press, vol. 51(3), pages 247-57, August.
-.
-.
- Weil, Philippe, 1990. "Nonexpected Utility in Macroeconomics," The Quarterly Journal of Economics, MIT Press, vol. 105(1), pages 29-42, February.
- Smith, William T., 1996. "Feasibility and transversality conditions for models of portfolio choice with non-expected utility in continuous time," Economics Letters, Elsevier, vol. 53(2), pages 123-131, November.
- Kingston, Geoffrey, 1988. "Theoretical Foundations of Constant-Proportion Portfolio Insurance," Working Papers 116, University of Sydney, School of Economics.
- Kingston, Geoffrey, 1989. "Theoretical foundations of constant-proportion portfolio insurance," Economics Letters, Elsevier, vol. 29(4), pages 345-347.
- Jonathan Gruber, 2006. "A Tax-Based Estimate of the Elasticity of Intertemporal Substitution," NBER Working Papers 11945,.
- Kreps, David M & Porteus, Evan L, 1979. "Dynamic Choice Theory and Dynamic Programming," Econometrica, Econometric Society, vol. 47(1), pages 91-100, January.
-.
- Nichols, Donald A, 1974. "The Investment Income Formula of the American Economic Association," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 64(2), pages 420-26, May.
- Stephen G. Dimmock, 2012. "Background Risk and University Endowment Funds," The Review of Economics and Statistics, MIT Press, vol. 94(3), pages 789-799, August.
- Tobin, James, 1974. "What Is Permanent Endowment Income?," American Economic Review, American Economic Association, vol. 64(2), pages 427-32, May.
- Dybvig, Philip H, 1995. "Dusenberry's Ratcheting of Consumption: Optimal Dynamic Consumption and Investment Given Intolerance for Any Decline in Standard of Living," Review of Economic Studies, Wiley Blackwell, vol. 62(2), pages 287-313, April.
This item is not listed on Wikipedia, on a reading list or among the top items on IDEAS.
When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:een:camaaa:2008.A guy named Matt Hulbert got Zach Braff to help him propose to his girlfriend Janice. However, the Scrubs star is not the only reason that makes this marriage proposal worth watching. Hulbert got all of their friends and family members involved and he even wrote his own song for the video. According to the YouTube description, Hulbert contacted Braff through Kickstarter when pledging an amount for his new film ‘Wish I Was Here‘.
via @zachbraffPossible Answer
The Need for Speed Wiki is a comprehensive database for anything related to the Need for Speed series. - read more
Buy ASUS Z97-K/CSM LGA 1150 Intel Z97 HDMI 6 x SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 ATX Intel Motherboard with fast shipping and top-rated customer service. Once you know, you ... - read more
Please vote if the answer you were given helped you or not, thats the best way to improve our algorithm. You can also submit an answer or search documents about turbo tweak lou.rituximab intravenous
conditions
What conditions does rituximab intravenous treat?
rituximab intravenous is used to treat the following:
Follicular B-Cell Lymphoma, Recurrent or Resistant to Treatment Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, CD20 Positive Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, Mantle Cell Lymphoma, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, Progressive Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, Microscopic Polyangiitis, Disease of Respiratory Tract - Wegener's Granulomatosis, Rheumatoid Arthritis
rituximab intravenous may also be used to treat:
Burkitt's Lymphoma, Waldenstrom's Macroglobulinemia, Multiple Sclerosis Symptoms Return then Become Less SevereCHICAGO — With the federal government's second execution in nine days scheduled for Tuesday, members of the Illinois Coalition Against the Death Penalty and Amnesty International said at a news conference Monday that the "floodgates" of federal executions have opened.
"The federal government is proceeding to execute an individual when it has itself acknowledged that further study is necessary on the federal death penalty system," said Jane Bohman, an attorney and programming director for the coalition.Store Ugly Wear - Goods - Cart Ugly Wear - Women - Tops - Hoodies/Sweats - Underwear - Men - Accessories - Gloves - Hats & Bandanas Coyote Goods - Barware - Calendars - More... Music Customer Service Shipping & Returns My Account Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Contact Us larger image larger image Coyote Ugly Jersey Starting at: $40.00 100% Polyester. "Coyote Ugly Saloon" logos on front and back. Miami version also available ("Miami" under the logo in front). Please Choose: Size X-Large Miami - M Miami - L Miami - XL Miami - XXL ( +$2.00 ) Add to Cart: Customers who bought this product also purchased... Coyote Girl T-Shirt Red Tattoo Logo Daytona Outlaw Workshirt Black Daytona Rebel Thermal Distressed Eagle - Miami Rebel Rockstar Bike Week WorkshirtWhether you need to make a few minor changes or totally renovate your home or business, turn to John Roffman Construction for quality service at affordable rates. Your home or business will be looking great in no time!
Home Improvement & Remodeling
With kitchen and bathroom design and remodeling services from John Roffman Construction, you are sure to get results you love at prices you can afford. From initial design to construction, we are with you every step of the way!
Kitchen / Bathroom Remodeling
Serving Iowa City and the surrounding areas for over 39 years, John Roffman Construction is a name you can trust for all of your general contracting needs. Give us a call today for all of your residential and commercial construction needs!HAIVISION S-KB-SD8-K12-2U KulaByte 8 Input Baseband SD Encoding Server
MANUFACTURER: HAIVISIONPART NUMBER: HAIVISION S-KB-SD8-K12-2U
HAIVISION S-KB-SD8-K12-2U KulaByte 8 Input Baseband SD Encoding Server
HAIVISION S-KB-SD8-K12-2U
Dynamic Flash and.
KulaByte 8 Input Baseband SD Encoding Server - 2RU - Xeon Server with redundant power supply and redundant RAID harddrives, 8:
A pampered actor (Ben Stiller) and his co-stars (Jack Black, Robert Downey Jr.) must become actual soldiers when the war movie they are filming in Southeast Asia turns into the real thing.
 >>
REELZ isn't just a great place for movie reviews and celebrity news, we also have a great slate of original programming.
Choose one of our shows below to learn more!Gold1e
Junior Member
Last Activity: 7th October 2013 11:22 PM
Most Thanked
Thanks
Post Summary
10 Hey XDA, I just released my first app to the play store! PoundMe allows users to quickly share media and information including songs, videos, events, locations, products, and more simply by including a has...Borrowing from the Library
Borrowing from our Library
To borrow from our Library, go to your public, academic or work library to place a request.
We can't lend directly to you, as we are a reference and research library. Some items are not available for loan. See our Lending Policy.
Borrowing from other libraries
The State Library of NSW is a member of the National and State Libraries Australasia (NSLA) group.
As a user of a NSLA library, how can I borrow from my closest NSLA library?
You can borrow an item from one of the NSLA libraries by completing a request form at the Copying desk or through your public library.
Click the NSLA library to find out how to borrow from them.
- National Library of Australia
- Libraries ACT
- Northern Territory Library
- State Library of Queensland
- State Library of South Australia
- State Library of Tasmania
- State Library of Victoria
- State Library of Western Australia
Charges apply and prepayment is required. The Australian Interlibrary Resource Sharing Code (ILRS) lists the current charges. There are additional charges for loans from overseas libraries.
See NSLA's Collaborative Lending Prinicples for more information.Conde Naste readers vote Sydney world’s best city – again!
The 25,116 votes from international travellers are in…and for a record breaking ninth year in a row, Sydney was announced the world’s number one city at the Conde Nast Traveler Reader’s Choice Awards held in New York.
How the voting works
Reader’s of the world’s premier travel magazine were asked to rate cities on a five-point scale: excellent, very good, good, fair, and poor for:
- atmosphere/ambience
- culture/sites
- friendliness
- lodging
- restaurants
- shopping
The final averaged scores represent the percentage of respondents who rated a city either excellent or very good.
How Sydney and the world scored
Sydney topped the globe with an average 86.1 percent of readers rating it excellent or very good across all categories. It trumped Florence (84.6), San Francisco (84.3) and Capetown (83.7) for the coveted international prize.
When you consider how the big three rated – New York (81), Paris (80.9), London (not even in the top 100) it’s an incredibly flattering and humbling reflection of how much international business travellers and tourists love Sydney. Melbourne was half way down the top 100 list with 78.6.
The Conde Naste reader’s choice survey started in 1988. Sydney has won the best city in the world award every year since 2001.<<
Cross Adjustable Bracelet
From $3.80
Outlet!
$9.95
$28.95
Peaceful Patchwork Hobo Bag
From $16.99
On Sale!
Tie Dye Spirit Crocheted Top
$28.95
Sisters Are Like Stars Bracelet
From $12.95
One of our favorites!
Recycled Candy Wrapper Planter
From $3.99
On Sale!
Greg's Purple Paw Tricolor Shoes
$16.95
Buy a Pair, Give a Pair
Sunshine Daydream Hooded Jacket
From $33.99
On Sale!
Crazy Blue Lapis & Turquoise Teardrop Earrings
$12.95
One of our favorites!
Festival Dogs Lightweight Scarf
From $12.00
On Sale!
From $4.99
On Sale!
$12.95
Calypso Swing Sleeveless Tunic
From $19.99
On Sale!
Just Believe Dragonfly Windshield Sun Shade
From $6.99
On Sale!
From $9.99
On Sale!
From $1.99
On Sale!
Hanging Garden Art Basket
From $18.00
Special Value!
Feed and Care for a Rescued Horse
From $1.00
From $11.99
On Sale!
Urban Chic Recycled Metal Lantern
From $7.99
On Sale!
Himalayan Natural Salt Crystal Candle Holder
From $14.95
One of our favorites!
Made with Love Measuring Spoons
From $6.00
Special Value!
From $31.99
On Sale!
Golden Gem Short Sleeve Tunic
From $21.99
On Sale!
Nepali Handmade Knit Animal
$4.80
Outlet!
Recycled Magazine Healing Hearts Bracelet
From $10_28<<
Guatemalan Eight-Strand Earth Bracelet
From $21.99
On Sale!
Colors of the Rainbow Necklace
$5.80
Outlet!
Bangladesh Recycled Glass Earrings
From $5.99
On Sale!
Contribute To Ending World Hunger
From $1.00
Magna-Tiles® Clear Colors 100 Piece Building Set
$120.00
Problem Solving
Dragonfly Silicone Trivet
From $5.00
Special Value!
Meals for Homeless Veterans
From $5.00
$2.95
$19.95
Made with Love Measuring Cup Set
From $8.00
Special Value!
Coat of Many Colors Hooded Long Jacket
From $44.95
Gives $5 To Nepal
Feed a Child in the Philippines
From $5.00
Bednets for Africa and Haiti
From $5.00
Alpaca Fingerless Mittens
From $12.99
On Sale!
$10.00
New Lower Price!
Recycled Sari Wraparound Skirt
From $22.00
On Sale!
Matchbox Elephant Tote Bag
From $14.99
On Sale!
$5.95
Mini Worry No More Cat Dolls - Set of 6
From $0.99
On Sale!
Tree of Life Heart Necklace
From $14.95
$14.95
From $1.00What does CARLOS stand for?
What does CARLOS mean? This page is about the various possible meanings of the acronym, abbreviation, shorthand or slang term: CARLOS.
We've found a total of 1 definition for CARLOS:
Filter by: Sort by:PopularityAlphabeticallyCategory
What does CARLOS mean?
-)
see more on Definitions.net »
Still can't find the acronym definition you were looking for? Use our Power Search technology to look for more unique definitions from across the web!
"CARLOS." Abbreviations.com. STANDS4 LLC, 2015. Web. 22 May 2015. <>.History & Archives Radio show available on demand - "Forget-Me-Not" featuring Jane Wilcox, genealogist & author
Monday-Friday 8:30am-4pm (Sept - June)Monday-Friday 9am-4pm (July & August)
The Heritage & Genealogical Society of Montgomery County was organized in 1976, as a not-for-profit group, to act as a support group for the Department of History & Archives. Funds raised through membership and events are used to purchase and/or bind materials for the Dept. of History & Archives library.
Meetings are held at 7:30pm on the first Thursday of each month, from September to June (except December & January) in the Old Courthouse in Fonda.
Members receive a quarterly newsletter, compiled by the Montgomery County Historian/RMO. Articles and genealogical queries are always welcome to be submitted for the newsletter. Dues have not been raised since the organization’s inception.
Downloadable Membership Form (PDF)
Please contact us for further information or click here * for more information on History & Archives
NOTE: Links marked with an astersisk are not managed by Montgomery County. They are provided for your convenience only. We bear no responsibility for their content.Draxler eyes move away from Schal."You are in : Home > THE CIRCUIT > History > History of the circuit > 1922-1928
PHOTOGALLERY: GALLERY 1922 - 19281922-1928 CONSTRUCTION AND FIRST RACES ON THE ORIGINAL TRACKS
Construction first problem was to find a location worthy of the Italian Grand Prix, which aimed at rivalling the already well-established Grand Prix of the French Automobile Club, founded at the beginning of the century.
Indeed, Monza, the final choice, has been for almost 70 years by now the natural venue for Italy's top automobile racing event.. Several possible locations were considered for the autodrome, the most convincing of which were in the "moorland" area of Gallarate, where Malpensa international airport now lies, and the Cagnola district which at that time was on the outskirts of Milan.
The draft projects for these two solutions called for a peripheral ring circuit with possible complementary courses inside it. But the final decision fell on the Villa Reale park in Monza which, at that time belonged to the Italian Veterans' Institute. Monza brought together several ideal conditions with its extensive open area and enclosed park at a short distance from Milan, with which it had good connections. To build the autodrome, the S.I.A.S, -- (Società Incremento Automobilismo e Sport - Automobile and Sport Encouragement Company) was set up at the Milan Automobile Club with entirely private capital. Senator Silvio Crespi was Board Chairman and the company's object was the construction and management of the installation. The job of drawing up the designs was given to Alfredo Rosselli, architect.
Initially it was though to lay out an autodrome including a speed track and a circular road track side by side for a total distance of 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) at an estimated cost of 6 million liras. The first stone was laid by Vincenzo Lancia and Felice Nazzaro at the end of February, 1922, but only a few days later the first ecological concern began to show up with the intervention of the under-secretary for Public Education, who ordered suspension of work for reasons of "artistic and monumental value and landscape conservation". As the intricate controversy developed the argument for the absolute necessity of the autodrome prevailed, even though with smaller size than originally planned, and at the end of April official approval was received. A circuit with features comparable to those originally called for, although with a total length reduced to 10 kilometres (6.2 mi), was built on an area of 340 hectares (840 acres). conceived by Alfredo Rosselli included a high-speed loop with a total lenght of 4.5 kilometres (2.79 mi) featuring two banked curves on an embankment rising 2.6 metres (8.5 ft) above surrounding terrain. These curves had a radius of 320 metres (1,050 ft) and made possible a theoretical top speed of 180-190 kilometres per hour (112-118 mph). They were linked by two straights, each 1,070 metres (3,424 ft) long. The road track was 5.5 kilometres (3.41 mi) long and included a curve with radii varying from 600 metres (1,920 ft) to 90 metres (288 ft) and maximum roadbed width of 12 metres (38.4 ft). The two straights were connected on the south by the "little curve" with a radius of 155 metres (496 ft) and slightly banked, The road and speed tracks intersected on two levels with an underpass in the Serraglio zone.
The straights were surfaced with tarred mecadam while all the curves were surfaced with concrete, also tarred. The public was received in two separate areas. The stands enclosure included the central grandstand with 3,000 seats, and six side stands with 1,000 seats each, entirely built of wood and measonry. making a brilliant showing with a 2- stroke Garelli 350 in the 500 class. On September 10th the second Italian Grand Prix for automobiles was again won by Bordino in a 6-cylinder Fiat 804.
All the events mentioned were run on the full 10-kilometre track, as they were in the following five years. The circuit fullfilled its assigned task excellently, both as to its show and testing-ground functions, even though within a very few years competition cars and motorcycles had greatly increased their speed and exceeded the limits provided for by the characteristics of the banked curves. In 1924 already, and even more in1925, the supercharged Alfa Romeo P2, winner of these first two Grand Prix races, reached speeds better than 220 kilometres per hour (136 mph), and the best bikes of the thirties came close to the fateful 200 km/h (l24 mph) limit.
Apart from the Italian Grand Prix, the most successful shows had motorcycles for their stars. The Grand Prix of Nations for 1924 was a triumph for the Guzzi 500, a one horizontal cylinder bike with overhead camshaft and four valves, ridden by Mentasti, who gave Italy its first victory in the exclusive world of champion 2- wheelers. Starting the following season a sort of standardization of mechanical values was established, which predominated over technical factors at Monza. From 1925 to 1929 the single-cylinder Bianchi 350 with double camshaft initiated a kind of dictatorship in its class thanks mainly to Tazio Nuvolari.
Then the Sunbeam with overhead valves had four consecutive wins in the 500 class ridden by Varzi, Arcangeli and Franconi. In 1926 the single-camshaft Moto Guzzi 250 made its debut and began setting a series of records difficult to equal and broken only in 1938 by Benelli, which took the first three places in the class. A similar situation developed in the 175 class due to Benelli.Minor events were also run on the full 10-kilometre circuit like the Tourism Grand Prix for motorcycles and the Sidecar Criterium, won respectively in 1923 by Rubbietti on a Bianchi, and Cavadini on a Norton; the automobile Grand Prix of the Fair, won in 1925 by Vaghi on a Sam, and in 1926 by the Fiat team; economy runs; and other events.
In the 1928 Grand Prix of Italy and Europe the first and most serious accident in the history of Italian motor racing occured, causing the death of the driver Emilio Materassi and twenty-seven spectators. This tragic event, caused by a collision on the grandstand straight, had a negative effect on the organization of the Italian Grand Prix at Monza, which was temporarily suspended.WHAT treatment should be given when someone slips into a coma if they failed to make their wishes clear in advance? A simple software tool could give the answer.
Bioethicist David Wendler of the US National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland, and colleagues devised a predictive rule based on data about Americans' attitudes to medical care. The data revealed that most people would want treatment if there was at least a 1 per cent chance it would allow them to reason, remember and communicate.
When compared with studies in which people were asked how they would want to be treated after, say, a car crash, the rule matched their answers in 78 per cent of cases (PLoS Medicine, DOI: 10.1371/journal.pmed.0040035).
To continue reading this article, subscribe to receive access to all of newscientist.com, including 20 years of archive content.Search our database of handpicked sites
Looking for a great physics site? We've tracked down the very best and checked them for accuracy. Just fill out the fields below and we'll do the rest.
You searched for "telescope", type: Video
We found 11 results on physics.org and 2 results in our database of sites
(of which 0
Search results from our links database
Showing 1 - 2 of 2
Showing 1 - 2 of 2
How the Hubble Space Telescope's stunning colour images are created
Video explaining how colour images from the Hubble Telescope are composed.
What is gravity made of?
A video examining the result announcing the discovery of gravitational waves from the BICEP2 telescope.
Showing 1 - 2 of 2[Q] ipython: Multiple commands on the same line and newlines
Discussion in 'Python' started by Phil Winder, Apr 16,63
- Thomas Stegen
- Jun 28, 2003
Need Help Differentiating Bad Commands From Incomplete CommandsTim Stanka, Jul 30, 2004, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 1
- Views:
- 884
- Jeff Epler
- Aug 2, 2004
ipython / vs \ in readline on MS Windows (and ipython help grepper)bdb112, Mar 10, 2009, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 2
- Views:
- 1,245
- Jason Scheirer
- Mar 12, 2009
Can python (CPython) and IPython coexist normally on the same computer ?scoop, Mar 11, 2009, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 4
- Views:
- 1,380
- John Machin
- Mar 12, 2009
ipython -wthread vs. ipython -pylabWolfram Brenig, Sep 12, 2011, in forum: Python
- Replies:
- 0
- Views:
- 414
- Wolfram Brenig
- Sep 12, 2011Over the years, I’ve had the pleasure of visiting Israel a number of times, particularly the area around the Sea of Galilee.
What I love about this area of Israel is that it is much like it was in the days when Jesus Himself walked here. As you feel the warmth of the sun on your skin and hear the gentle lapping of waves on the shore, you realize that this is what Jesus would have experienced as well.
It is also the area where Jesus called Peter, James, and John (who fished on the shores) to be His own disciples.
One day, Jesus was being pressed by the multitudes as He always was (Luke 5). He saw Peter, James, and John on the shore, and asked Peter if He could borrow his boat for a while. Peter agreed, and Jesus addressed the eager crowds.
Then Jesus said to Peter, “Why don’t you launch out your boat into the deep water for a big catch of fish!”
Peter protested, “Lord, we have been fishing all night, yet at Your word we will do it.”
Peter was a seasoned fisherman. He spent his life by this lake, and he knew they were not going to be catching any fish after an entire night of fishing. And Jesus was not a fisherman, but a landlubber!
To his credit, Peter did what Jesus told him to do. In the original language, what Peter said in response to Jesus could be translated, “At your word we will do it, captain of this boat!”
You know what happened next? Their nets were breaking with fish, and Peter was dumbfounded. Jesus had just invaded his little world and shown Himself unlimited in power.
Peter said to Jesus, “Depart from me Lord, I am a sinful man!” In other words, “Jesus, with all due respect, don’t waste your time on someone like me. I am just not worth the effort!”
Jesus said, “Don’t be afraid. From now on, you will be fishing for people.”
When I visited Israel in 2008, my granddaughter Stella and I spent some time feeding the catfish in the Sea of Galilee, tossing pieces of bread into the water. The catfish were huge, but they also seemed to have endless appetites!
In the same way, there is a world out there that is hungry for spiritual truth too. We all need to go “fishing for people.”
You might think that God could never use someone like yourself! That’s what Peter thought. But Jesus used him powerfully to touch his world, and I believe God can use you to touch yours.Let Jesus “invade your world” today. Let Him be the “captain of your ship,” whatever that ship might be. I think you will end up with nets that are full.
.Legal expert joins Sears Canada board
TORONTO — Sears Canada has named.."Dallas Morning News | Lightstalkers Home Member Directory Calendar Groups Resources Publications You are not logged in. Click here to log in now. | Switch to our mobile site→ My Profile My Galleries My Networks Dallas Morning News Ryan Pyle. pp. Front Page, Dec 4 2005. "Thinking Pink in China - Mary Kay" Dallas Morning News , pp. Front Page. Dec 4 2005. John Lander. Mongolia: Crossroads of Time Dallas Morning News , Aug 5 2007. More about sponsorship→ Vitals Type: Daily NewspaperNEW DELHI: Government will soon invite global bids for professional management of AAI-run new Chennai and Kolkata airports through public-private-partnership, Civil Aviation Minister Ajit Singh said on Tuesday.
"These two airports have to be managed professionally by engaging private partners through the PPP or joint venture route. The offers in this regard will be invited through an international bid very soon," he told reporters here.Digital Archive brought to you
by JPMorgan Chase & Co..
Miss Zimmerman expresses disapproval in Dr. King's support of Adam Clayton Powell..
J. Percy sends Dr. King an unpleasant note asserting that he is always complaining. Percy also wishes that Dr. King would stop talking about slums.
J. Reynolds expresses his opinion on Dr. King's recent activism in Memphis and describes it as a "riot." Mr. Reynolds questions Dr. King's intentions and highlights the negative outcome of the demonstration. Ward Wolff expresses her concern about Dr. King turning his back on truth and justice in the form of supporting Adam Clayton Powell.
Mr. Rome writes to Dr. King to state that African-Americans need good white people, to create job opportunities for the black race. informs Dr. King that she has enclosed a copy of the British magazine SLANT that has a shortened version of his Riverside Church address inside..
John F. Steinman commends Dr. King for his courageous leadership and encloses a check for the SCLC and SCLF.."
Lloyd Wilson affirms his support for Dr. King, but he cannot agree with Dr. King's recent statements concerning the Vietnam War. He lists a series of questions hoping to gain clarity from Dr. King or Mr. Wilkins..
Mary A. Edmonds expresses her disapproval of Dr. King and the Civil Rights Movement..
A Wisconsin couple criticizes Dr. King for "outcries" against policy in Vietnam and the "so called peace movement."
Mildred Singdahlsen writes to Dr. King concerning the attitude of negro leaders regarding New York Congressman, Adam Clayton Powell. She calls Powell, "not only dishonest, but an opportunist who selfishly advances his own ends," and expresses her hope that Dr. King would speak out about the situation..
Mrs. Glenn Durbin writes to Dr. King expressing her opposing views on Communism.Jason Seiken, PBS's outgoing head of digital media, soon will oversee all editorial operations across Britain's Telegraph Media Group, with editors of both the Daily Telegraph and Sunday Telegraph reporting directly to him, according to MediaWeek.
The newspapers recently restructured their editorial staff of 550, laying off 80 print-based journalists and recruiting 50 digitally focused positions, MediaWeek reported.
Seiken, who starts next month, will work to transform the Telegraph into a "fully integrated, entrepreneurial multimedia news organization."
"This appointment is vital to the future of our business and in achieving our ambition to become the foremost English-language multimedia news and content provider," said Murdoch MacLennan, chief executive of Telegraph Media Group. "There could not be a better person for this crucial role than Jason Seiken."
Prior to his work at PBS, Seiken was AOL's European vice president as well as editor-in-chief of washingtonpost.com.I'm a Chowhound virgin but am looking for info. Any chance of a recommendation for somewhere special to eat in Dinan on New Years Eve?
how about Chez la Mere Pourcel?02 96 39 03 80foound it in a book I have on the best restaurants in Brittany (I live near Mt St Michel), I never ate there myself..
About/Contact CHOW |
Posting Guidelines |
Feedback
CBS Entertainment | About CBS Interactive | Jobs | Advertise
© CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Ad Choice | Terms of UseBelow is the poem entitled Licking a Stamp which was written by poet
ilene
bauer. Please feel free to comment on this poem. However, please remember, PoetrySoup is a place of encouragement and growth.
Read Poems by
ilene
bauer
Best
Ilene Bauer
Poems
We used to lick our postage stamps
To stick them on a letter;
But now the stamps do self-adhere,
Yet does that make life better?
And that’s how Vanya’s rant begins
In Chris Durang’s new play*
Which I feel very privileged
To have watched and loved today.
The character bemoans the fact
That life has changed so much;
Today we need technology
Like weakness needs a crutch.
And though life seems much easier,
It comes at quite a cost.
The things that once connected us
Have somehow all been lost.
The younger generation
Can’t remember stamps we licked;
And the old days being better
They would surely contradict.
*”Vanya and Sonia and Masha and Spike”Make your guests feel comfortable and welcome with ideas from our best guest room designs. Pages30 of 30 View Slideshow Upstairs Bedroom Sunny Guest Retreat Heirloom Makeover Inspired Room Soft Luxury Antique Appeal Eclectic Guest Room Welcoming Room Black, White, and Blue Color Couplet Versatile Living A Room with a View Rustic Retreat Inviting Elegance Sister Suite Classic Blue & Yellow Bedroom Warm Coral Hues Layered Linens Guest Room with Global Style Earthy Guest Room Light and Airy Guest Bedroom Stylish and Functional Guesthouse Laid-Back Guest Retreat Americana Bedroom Khaki Gingham Bedroom Farmhouse Suite Polished Bunkroom Refined Guest Suite Mature Guest Bedroom Pages30 of 30 View Slideshow Related Links Restful Master Bedrooms Style Guide: Kids' Rooms and Nurseries Style Guide: Editors' Favorite BedroomsI am often asked about indirect costs and how to calculate
indirect cost rates that are DCAA compliant or compliant with FAR 31.2. Indirect costs is a highly complex and often
heavily debated subject with auditors. It is probably the most contentious subject under accounting for government
contracts.
I hope to answer those questions on this page.
For starters, please fine below tables of indirect cost rate calculations for a typical business using the three
rate system, Fringe, Overhead and G&A. Keep in mind the number and structure of indirect rates can vary from
contractor to contractor depending on specific circumstances. The tables below are not reflective of any contractor
or client. They are simplified illustrations to show the concept of compliant indirect rate calculations.
Actual indirect rate computations will vary and will include many more accounts and may be a bit more complex. The tables
below are illustrations only, the figures are ficticious. The rate calculations are both DCAA and FAR compliant.
Table 1 – Fringe Rate Calculation Example (Illustrative Purposes Only)
Fringe Pool:
Table 2 – Overhead Rate (Illustrative Purposes Only)
Overhead Pool
Table 3 – General And Administrative (G&A) (Illustrative Purposes Only)
G&A PoolSo much trouble in the world. – Bob Marley
Case in point, it turns out that someone posted a homophobic comment using my name on another Toronto comedy blog:
Moreover, they put a link back to blogTO, whom I write a weekly article for. Perhaps he/she was hoping that someone would report the comment back to them and get me fired. Well, they were right – but only in part. The owner of blogTO brought the comment to my attention, I told him it wasn’t me, and that was that.
Now, I don’t mind if people don’t like my comedy. I don’t mind that they tell me I suck. I can handle that. But impersonating me on another blog? That speaks to motive and planning. I think it’s unfortunate that someone is trying to defame me, but I guess that’s showbiz, eh?
On The Bright Side…
I now have what’s called in hip-hop circles as, ‘Haters.’ Having, ‘haters’ is essential for one’s career, because they provide a topic that you can rap about ad nauseam. And to commemorate this special occasion, I thought I might write a rap verse in response:
There are two ways to have the biggest building: build it, or tear everyone else’s down.
Augh! I’m glad the blog owner took your word. Hell I’m sure it’s easy enough for him to see the ip address and figure out who it really was.
I don’t do rap, so I’ll take it as truth that it was excellent – I wouldn’t know the difference :)
Hey HTBS!!
Yeah, times like these really reveal how people think of you. The owner of blogTO could’ve easily doubted me, but he didn’t.
Luckily, some Toronto comedians got in touch with Eli Jakemen (the owner of the blog where the comment was posted) when they saw the comment and told him it was out of character:
As for the rap, it shows the power of focus. One of my side goals was to write a rap verse (I have a few friends that are rappers), and this gave me the perfect excuse. It was tough! I had to record the steel pan, vocals, and iPhone percussion all separately, and then sequence the entire thing using Windows Movie Maker, LMAO.
I give my own rap 3.8 mics out of 5…I have to penalize myself because I used a Redman line.
Jagdeo
Ooooo man, you have kicked off a Isaac of swearing in my house! I played a bit for the hubby, just so he could explain the tech to me (Redman line?) and all he cares about is what damn tune is on the steel drum, he knows it he knows it he knows it, played it a ton, Bacao rhythm and steel band, German, called PIMP. He says fiddy covered it first. He’s now explained to me that Redman is a rapper and not a bit of tech :) He didn’t like the iPhone percussion, by the way. There’s no point in asking him about the rap lyrics, he doesn’t hear words, just the music. Weirdo.
Anyhoo, I was thinking its sort of a good thing to have haters. It means yer doing something right enough to make someone else jealous. Yay!
Lol, sorry to cause a row!
If he likes steel pan music, click here for my band’s YouTube channel where we’ve posted a few of our songs. Here’s Lionel’s Hello:
And yeah, while I don’t like the fact that people are hating, I realize it’s a natural part of being successful. It takes a special kind of insecurity to despise another’s happiness.
Onward we shall go,
Jagdeo
Hater’s gon hate, but I got yuh back Jaggy! :) Even if my English ain’t coming correct. “Nuff Luv”The York Revolution dug itself out of an early hole Saturday, only to see the Long Island Ducks seal the victory in the ninth inning of Saturday's 8-6 loss in Central Islip, N.Y.
Long Island's Adam Bailey slammed a walk-off home run to cap the Ducks' four-run ninth.
The Revs entered the final inning with a 6-4 lead, but it didn't last. In the bottom of the inning, scored on a single by Ryan Strieby before Bailey's shot to right, which brought in Kraig Binick and Ian Snell.
Neither starter factored in the decision. James Houser threw six innings for the Ducks, allowing three runs on nine hits with a season-high 10 strikeouts, and Chris Cody allowed two runs on seven hits for the Revolution.
The Revolution fell behind in the third inning when the Ducks grabbed a pair of runs off starter Chris Cody.
Cody worked five innings in all, giving up the two runs on seven hits while striking out four and walking three.
Andres Perez's two-run double in the top of the fifth inning tied the game at 2-2.
With the Revs ahead, 3-2, in the seventh, York's Michael Hernandez slammed a two-run home run, pushing the Revs' lead to 5-2. Hernandez finished with three RBIs on a pair of hits.
Perez added another double in the eighth inning, this one plating just one run, to complete York's scoring.
Revs recap
KEY PERFORMERS
· Long Island's Adam Bailey chipped in two hits and drove in three runs to pace Long Island.
· Long Island's Ray Navarrete earned his 1,000th career Atlantic League hit, becoming the second player in league history to reach that milestone.
· York's Andres Perez finished 2-for-5 with three RBIs, while Mark Teahen went 2-for-5, scoring two runs.
NOTES
· T.J. Hose earned the victory for Long Island after throwing a perfect ninth inning, while Juan Rincon took the loss for the Revolution.
· Bailey's walk-off home run marked the Ducks' sixth walk-off win of the season.Last week the tech conversation (or "tech talk" as insiders call it) was dominated by Amazon's Fire Phone. And for good reason! Consumers should be very excited about an AT&T-only smartphone with multiple cameras that only exist to facilitate impulse purchases on Amazon.
Wait, should we? Why should anyone care about Amazon's Fire phone? I don't know, but then again I'm not sure why anyone cares about Amazon hardware in the first place. Sure, their devices are great at locking you into a proprietary storefront, like Apple. Unlike Apple, however, Amazon doesn't offer appealing hardware design or an attractive and responsive user interface. They don't even have an Apple logo on their products.
Their best device is the Kindle, and that's largely because it only needs to display text on a very nice screen that someone else made. Sort of hard to screw up. Not that Amazon hasn't tried. It is 2014 and sorting your book collection in the Kindle's UI is still a more painful ordeal than reading that ebook of Steamblade of the Dark Prince: Kingdom of Assassin Magic you got for 99 cents.
What I'm trying to say here is that it's a shame everyone was paying attention to Amazon's bad hardware announcement. It totally overshadowed Adobe's bad hardware announcement, which was way more fun. Take a look at the Slide:
It's a ruler. Not just any ruler, an electronic ruler. Sort of. It comes in a package with a stylus for the iPad and together they cost $200.
Slide does not have perfectly straight sides. It is not quite long enough to bridge the display surface of an iPad, which it is specifically designed for. You don't actually drag the stylus across the Slide like a pencil and ruler. Instead, you put the Slide on your iPad and a few temporary lines appear vaguely near the ruler-like device. Then you grab your stylus and draw freehand lines on top of those lines. It's perfect if you thought that using the image editing program's line tool was too easy..
What if the Slide turns out to be a success, though? A newly energized Adobe would surely follow it up with more hardware. If this happens, I predict that two devices will launch by the end of 2015.
Adobe Flash Box
When a device focuses on a single task, it becomes elegant. Magical. Here Adobe crafts a piece of hardware that's dedicated to the one thing they're best at.
The Adobe Flash Box capitalizes on the popularity of set top boxes like the Roku and Apple TV, but it doesn't use Flash to stream movies or tv or web content. It actually doesn't do anything at all, aside from checking for Flash updates every ten minutes and prompting you to install them.
Adobe Paint eBucket
Finally, a full-sized bucket for the digital age. Unlike a regular bucket, the inside is not empty. The Paint eBucket is one solid block of high quality plastic weighing roughly twelve pounds. A brushed metal handle attachment is available separately.
Think about how often you find yourself filling a space with color while editing a picture on your iPad. Tap the paint tool. Tap to paint. Ugh. Who has the time?
Now you can simply reach for your Adobe Paint eBucket and struggle to tip it over directly above the precise spot that needs to be filled. Careful! If you hold the bucket in place too long the color will overflow. This tension creates a visceral experience that really connects art and the artist.
Suggested retail price: $499
–.TERA • Page 2 […]
TERA dungeon finder, beta, and head start information updated
En Masse and Blue Hole have announced TERA will launch with a new dungeon finder at launch, which helps players find groups faster as well as the classes needed to round out the instance...
En Messe: TERA to block IPs by region due to "hacking behaviour"
En Messe has said it will block IPs by region for the release of TERA, promising a crackdown on gold theft and account hacking. […]
Tera "The Journey" Cinematic CG trailer
TERA racked up a bunch of “Best of E3″ nominations earlier in the year for its combat system, and now they’re showing off their CG chops.
En Masse moves TERA launch into spring 2012
En Masse Entertainment has announced its oft-delayed TERA will be released during spring 2012.
Wednesday Shorts: Naughty Bear, TERA, Vindictus, PopCap Android, Black Ops
Loads of little stuff happening for your Wednesday. More than your brain can handle, so, we’ll make it short and sort-of sweet for you.
Atari announced as TERA's North American publisher
En Masse Entertainment has announced that Atari will publish the firm’s MMO, TERA, in North American this year.
TERA Latest
Closed beta testing starts this weekend for TERA and runs through April 15
En Messe: TERA to block IPs by region due to “hacking behaviour”
Quick Quotes: NCsoft lawsuit will not affect TERA’s release, says En Masse
NCsoft files lawsuit to block the release of TERA in the US
TERA confirmed for May European launch
Closed beta sign-ups for TERA are live
Tera “The Journey” Cinematic CG trailer
-
En Masse moves TERA launch into spring 2012
Wednesday Shorts: Naughty Bear, TERA, Vindictus, PopCap Android, Black Ops
Atari announced as TERA’s North American publisher
New TERA trailer shows off Mount “Tyrannas”
En Masse forced to go “deeper” for TERA westernization
Rumoured delay to Western TERA release
Ex NCsoft, Blizzard alumni set up En Masse EntertainmentScotland Yard detectives supervised transfer of the wreckage from Paris. Experts will subject it to detailed examination to establish what happened before the Aug. 31, 1997 crash that killed Diana, the newspaper said.
The car, driven by chauffeur Henri Paul, crashed into a concrete tunnel pillar at high speed. Paul and Diana's boyfriend Dodi Fayed also were killed in the crash.
At the time, British police expressed concerns the car had not undergone a thorough investigation at the scene.
A spokesman for the Paris Crime Brigade said, "Under French law, the car is no longer evidence and could be disposed of, but this is a special case." A French inquiry found Paul was drunk and speeding in a car he did not normally drive when he lost control, the Mirror said.
Dodi's father, Mohamed Fayed, claims his son and Diana were murdered, possibly by British intelligence.Dr. Josef Ackermann: “We can only remain successful over the long term if people see us as being responsible and place their trust in us”Brooklyn, NY, US
Buck Moorhead Architect, Project Architect
Young & Ayata, Intern
Assisted with the completion of the firm’s entry for a major international design competition. Specific tasks included the production of circulation and configuration diagrams, presentation graphics, writing and preparation of an architectural design report and logistical coordination.
Pratt Institute, Graduate Teaching Assistant
Assisted in the instruction/guidance of 2nd year graduate architecture students as they worked in teams to complete a comprehensive studio design project.
Pratt Institute - Facilities and Planning Office, Intern
Performed a range of work related to the design and maintenance of new and existing campus buildings, including way-finding work for the recently-completed Myrtle Hall, surveying existing building and spaces on campus and updating the office’s master CAD files to reflect any changes, and design and layout of a new campus copy center.
Worn Jerabek Architects, Office Manager
Responsible for all administrative duties for the firm, including day-to-day accounting, timesheet and payroll processing, maintenance of firm and employee records and licensing, coordination of continuing education seminars, office space planning, project-specific research, preparation of contract documents, coordination with consultants and clients, etc. Also performed limited design-related project tasks such as generation of 3D models and preparation of promotional design materials.
Archeworks, Intern
Performed various duties related to the operation of Archeworks, a non-profit design school, including basic office tasks, running errands, cash handling and researching prospective ventures and partners.
Pratt Institute, MArch, Architecture
Archeworks, Design
DePaul University, Bachelors, Geography, SpanishPreview
Just a little preview of what's done.
I've completed the first seventy-five sprites, front and back, along with a few others I felt like doing as well.
Release
The first seventy-five sprites.
Here are the first seventy-five sprites, front and back(plus a few others), resized and indexed, released in a .rar format. Please note a few sprites were left out due to their immense size. If somebody would like to resize and make the ones I'm missing look OK, then please do. I will add you in the credits.
LinkDistance from Ratingen to Meerbusch
Distance is 12 kilometers or 8 miles or 7 nautical milesThe distance is the theoretical air distance (great circle distance). Flying between the two locations' airports can be a different distance, depending on airport location and actual route chosen.
Map - Shortest path between Ratingen and Meerbusch
- Location for Ratingen
- Location for Meerbusch
Heading from Ratingen
See other cities near Ratingen
Calculate distance from Ratingen to another location
Heading from Meerbusch
See other cities near Meerbusch
Calculate distance from Meerbusch to another location
Find distance between other locations
Local time comparison
Other time conversions
- Convert time between Ratingen and Meerbusch
- Find suitable time to call between Rating
“It was amazing. Reflexology is my new massage :)”
“very good treatment well worth going back”
“Wonderful bliss”
- A
500 N Main St.
Unit B
Randolph, Massachusetts 02368
781-964-0620Get DirectionsTODAY IS THE final day of Organ Donation Awareness week and TheJournal.ie is taking a look at some Irish families whose lives have been changed forever because of organ donation.
A record number of organ transplants were carried out in Ireland last year, with a total of 294 organs transplanted through living and deceased donors.
Christine Kelly
One Dublin woman is still celebrating after receiving a kidney transplant from her sister, Mary, 40 years ago.
Christine Kelly (63) from Griffith Avenue was one of the first people to undergo a living donor kidney transplant in Ireland.
The operation took place at Jervis Street Hospital on 1 March 1974, which was her third wedding anniversary to her husband Martin.
(Above is a newspaper article covering the story with a picture of the sisters/IKA)
Sadly, Christine’s sister Mary, a mother of five children, passed away following breast cancer 10 years ago.
Christine’s daughter Sinead Kelly paid tribute aunt:
It is thanks to Mary that my sister and I still have our mother with us today.
Last year, 38 living donor kidney transplants were carried out at Beaumont Hospital.
Taidhg Burke Neff
One Saturday night last October, Taidhg was in a car accident.
He died two days later in Bantry hospital surrounded by his family and close friends.
He had made the decision to be an organ donor and his best friend Pat Curran said this was a huge consolation to his friends and family.
He said:
It was a very emotional scene when a number of us, including his Mam Sandra, were watching the helicopter containing his organs fly over us on its journey to Dublin where they would be transplanted into a number of people hours later. We were devastated but we were proud.
“The morning he died I wrote the song ‘Unintentional Hero’ and I played it for his parents who instantly asked me to play it at his funeral which I did.”
Pat is now recording that song and hopes to release it in June. The funds raised will be divided equally between the Irish Kidney Association and the Strangeboat Foundation.
Gerard Hopkins
A wildlife enthusiast from Cavan received his long awaited heart transplant just last week.
For the past 10 months, Gerard Hopkins has been living at the Mater Hospital and late last week he got called for his heart transplant.
He was full of trepidation in the aftermath of the call – he had been called on five previous occasions for possible heart transplants but, for various reasons, the operations did not progress.
For the past few years, Gerard has been leading a Dawn Chorus walk at 4am in May to help others share in his passion for wildlife.
He has also been known to train a robin and is photographed with one taking food from his hand.
His wife, Margaret, explained that he is still in ICU and it will take some time for him to make a full recovery from his eight-hour operation.
She said Gerard’s goal is to be able to return to his beloved Lough Ramor for the fly fishing season next month.
Margaret continued:
We are extremely grateful to the family of the deceased donor who we will never know but will be forever grateful to.
Organ Donor Cards can be obtained by phoning the Irish Kidney Association on 1890 543639 or Freetext the word DONOR to 50050.
It is now also possible to store an organ donor card on Smart phones.
Read: “Bestowed a bright shining light”: Appleby jewellers’ son saved by donor>
Read: This Irishman saved five lives in two countries by donating his organs>
Read: Record number of organ transplants in Ireland last year>‘Argo’ wins producers’ award, in new pre-Oscar boost
More News from Agence France-Presse
MORE
popular
This film image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows Ben Affleck as Tony Mendez, center, in “Argo,” a rescue thriller about the 1979 Iranian hostage crisis. The film won the top prize at the Producers Guild of America awards Saturday, Jan. 26, 2013, in a new boost to its Oscars prospects. AP PHOTO/WARNER BROS., CLAIRE FOLGER<<Key things you need to know aboutDr. Chang:
Dr. Chang's Experience
Research training, expertise and qualifications
Dr. Chang's Specialties
- Ear, Nose, and Throat
- View 1 specialty and 1 board certification
Procedures Dr. Chang Performs
- Diagnostic Nasal and-or Sinus Endoscopy
- Excision of Parotid, Sublingual, or Submandibular Gland
- See all 19 procedures
Conditions Dr. Chang Treats
- Allergic Rhinitis
- Bell's Palsy
- See all 40 conditions
More About Dr. Chang's Background
MoreGet the facts on Dr. Chang.Festivals in Mammoth Lakes are truly majestic in the pristine surroundings of the Sierra Nevada. Mammoth Lakes hosts music festivals and concerts for everyone's listening enjoyment.
Mammoth Lakes has many Art & Craft festivals throughout the year featuring music, quality, hand crafted work, art and photography. During the Mammoth Festival (Wine, Music and Food) you can enjoy the culinary delights from some of Mammoth Lakes' finest restaurants, sample wine from California's most noted wineries and listen to music while viewing fine arts and crafts. August brings the Mammoth Lakes Fine Arts Festival with Kittredge Sports hosting over thirty fine artists. The Labor Day Festival of the Arts features local and visiting artists selling one-of-a-kind items like jewelry, pottery, paintings, glass, photographs and more.
Museums and historical sites in the Mammoth Lakes area pay tribute to life in the Old West and share the area's cultural heritage. Vestiges of the old gold-mining days are present at several locations in Mammoth Lakes.
The Hayden Cabin, located on the grassy banks of Mammoth Creek, offers a peek into a historic log cabin featuring mining implements and displays, photographs and intriguing memorabilia from the area's early decades.
Bodie Ghost Town is the largest unrestored ghost town in the West. Bodie features weathered buildings, a museum and a visitor center.
Spend a November evening with the Sierra Classic Theatre's Murder Mystery Dinner, or browse the many art galleries.
Summer also.
Holiday time welcomes the Night of Lights, Christmas celebration concerts, Village at Mammoth Tree Lighting and the Town of Mammoth Lakes Holiday Tree Lighting.
Whatever type of arts and culture you enjoy, Mammoth Lakes offers some of the best!
Big Woolly Mammoth Tattoo & Art Gallery - 760-709-0202
Blue Bird Imaging - 760-924-0316
Bodie State Park - 760-647-6445
Cerro Coso Community College - 760-934-2875
Mammoth Gallery - 760-934-4911 / 760-934-6120
Mammoth Lakes Arts Center - 760-934-1900
Mammoth Lakes Foundation - 760-934-3781
Mammoth Lakes Repertory Theatre - 760-934-6592
Mammoth Museum/Hayden Cabin - 760-934-6918 Summer months only
Minaret Cinemas - 760-934-3131
Mono Council for the Arts - 760-873-7242
Mono Council for the Arts Gallery - 760-937-1810
Paisley Fine Art & Framing - 760-924-2400
Sierra Classic Theatre
The Gallery at Twin Lakes - 760-924-7300 Summer months only
Chamber Music Unbound - 760 934 7015
Information subject to change
May 21, 2015
Mammoth Lakes Film Festival, Part 320 people for around 20 pp?
I!
Not Croma. I went with a group a few weeks ago and the entrees were blah. One great pizza (asparagus) but the rest was mediocre at best, and bland.
For atmosphere - Bob's or the Milky Way/Bella Luna would be the most fun. The Milky Way hosts Mango's the weekly salsa night on Saturdays starting at 9ish, which could add another festive note. There's a small dance floor and it doesn't get packed until after 10. I've seen large groups there often and it seems like a great space for a party.
Some of the places you mentioned (Ten Tables, Paramount) would certainly exceed $20/person.
I love the food at Apollonia, a little Albanian restaurant in Roslindale, and if you called you could prob. have the place mostly to yourselves, if you're looking for a more mellow vibe. Often live music on the weekends too. Really, the food is just amazing and your $20/person is definitely feasible there. Lots of cool appetizer-y type plates perfect for sharing with a group. Many dishes similar to Italian, so it might fit with your guests' taste.
Pizza at Regina's might be good for a crowd like this. I personally love the pizza at Antico Forno, but it has a very short half life and while the first slices has a perfect crust, it becomes soggy very quickly.
If you're willing to stray into Brookline and go Turkish, I'd recommend a big panel of mezze at Brookline Family Turkish Restaurant.
- re: a l i c e
Nonononono.... no Regina's except the original. Unless this Medford branch has magical powers which keep it from being so-so like the rest of the Regina's outposts.
Wouldn't Daedalus be over $20 right off the bat? Unless you just got wings upstairs.
Croma--meh.
Artu--20 people in here?
Paramount--see Artu. The price is right for both these places, but unless you call ahead and can basically rent out the place, i don't know how they could handle 20 people.
Actually if you were thinking of Regina's, maybe Nebo would work well. The crust isn't quite as good, but the sauces and toppings I've had are really good. (I think the sauce on their margherita is much BETTER than Regina's.) And, they could probably accomodate your group. And, you'd be near all those drunken North Station area haunts.Any way you slice it, cake is going to be delicious. But what if there was a better way to cut cake than what we’re used to? That’s what Alex Bellos proposes in his new video, which casts off the traditional triangle-shaped cake slices as a thing of the past. And he’s even got the science to prove it.
In the video, he shows us that by cutting out triangular slices, it leaves the inside of the cake exposed to air, which will leave the tasty treat stale the next day. Instead, he proposes that dessert enthusiasts cut narrow, straight-line pieces through the middle. The trick? Once you’ve taken out your sliver, push the two pieces together so the inside of the cake is no longer exposed. He even suggests that you use a rubber band to hold the pieces together until you’re ready for round two (or three, or four … )
Think you’ll give the new method a shot? We’re off to find a cake to try this out for ourselves — in the name of science, of course.
You Might Also Like:
How to Frost a Cake Like a Pro »
Cheap and Easy Recipe: Nutella Cheesecake Dip »
Pin of the Week: Rice Krispy Treat Poppers Dipped in Sprinkles »
Photo credit: Numberphile
Cake don’t last that long in my house . Me and the children eat the cake the first day.
sure, works with fondant icing, but how about buttercream?
Fondant in fridge unwrapped will become gooey sticky mess. The sugar absorbs moisture in the fridge. This method..cake will be soft, but will taste like all the other flavors in your fridge..onions…cheeses…meets. stay old school – wrap the cake with plastic wrap.The Gray Lady Freemason Story regurgitator is at it again, October 4th, 2006:
“And the Masons have run advertisements in movie theaters and run one-day classes to award the first three Masonic degrees in a single session.”
From three years ago, January 12, 2003:
“…running ads in movie theaters and has scheduled controversial one-day class in March to bestow first three Masonic degrees in one sitting.”
Either the Times has become creatively tapped for its NY Region or Arthur Sulzbergerâ€™s admittance into those Eyes Wide Shut-style Freemason parties depends upon how many plugs he gives the creepy esoteric organization every few years. And the notoriously stingy Sulzberger would be pissed if all of those Goat Demon masks and Goblin dongs went to waste. Fidelioâ€¦
A Secret Society, Spilling a Few Secrets NYT
To Fill Its Ranks, Freemasonry Lifts Veil NYTPut this bar higher in search results by contributing photos and other details.
Upload up to 3 photos of Delaney's. Try to add at least one photo of the front of the building if possible.
Additional information will help make this profile more visible in searches. A more detailed profile helps people find it easier. ancient metropolis. (Chillicothe, Ohio) 1853-1857
Chillicothe, Ohio (1853-1857)
- Title:
- The Daily ancient metropolis. : (Chillicothe, Ohio) 1853-1857
- Alternative Titles:
- Ancient metropolis
- Daily metropolis
- Place of publication:
- Chillicothe, Ohio
- Geographic coverage:
-
- Publisher:
- G. Armstrong
- Dates of publication:
- 1853-1857
- Description:
- Ceased in 1857.
- Vol. 5, no. 1 (Oct. 10, 1853)-
- Frequency:
- Daily (except Sun.)
- Language:
- Notes:
- Weekly ed.: Ancient metropolis (Chillicothe, Ohio : 1845).
- LCCN:
- sn 83035662
- OCLC:
- 10231149
- Preceding Titles:
-
- Related Titles:
-
- Holdings:
View complete holdings informationMelody Brown
Senior Vice President of Sales
PayScale, Inc.
Melody Brown has been appointed Senior Vice President of Sales for PayScale, Inc. Melody is a high performance sales and marketing technology leader with a consistent record of driving results.
PayScale, Inc. is an online salary, benefits and compensation information company. For press release and more information, please visit.Who watches the watchmen
I wonder how many of these officers have at some point harassed innocent photographers just trying to photograph public things and places in a perfectly lawful manner? …
I wonder how many of these officers have at some point harassed innocent photographers just trying to photograph public things and places in a perfectly lawful manner?
We need to get the boys in blue better p*rn.
The mere fact that abuse is inevitably happening is all the more reason to not allow unbridled and/or wholesale gathering and storing of data. Like, oh, dna, anpr camera output, and many, many more. Effective use of minimal data as opposed to gathering as much as you can then not managing to do much useful with it is going to take a culture change in police and government. Even interpol doesn't get it, yet. Time to take an oversized clue stick and apply wherever necessary.
The icon? That should be quite obvious, my dear Watson.
No sir... nothing to fear... except abuses of power and corruption and clerical mistakes...
this is what official reports and statements usually cover. How systems are built, how they will work and how policy will protect that system. Systems and policies can be designed and implemented in such a way that they in themselves could be described as adequate, maybe even perfect.
The weakness lies in the humans that administer, access and update those systems. Electronic devices and computer systems are not susceptible to such things as greed, envy, hatred, egotism or indeed any negative emotion that may cause them to perform out of spec. Humans on the other hand...
Be it a police database or a cloud storage service, if a human can access that data, the data is vulnerable to theft or misuse. Regardless of the promises and guarantees of those who would be the custodians of your data, if anyone other than yourself can access your data it has already been compromised.
a 'self-aware, self-governing computer system, free from the flaws of human weakness'?
SkyNet, ahoy!!!
The "Frankenstein" argument? Because, of course, all computers naturally want to TAKE OVER ZE VURLD!!! And they're completely capable of working when unplugged from the mains.
A computer no more wants to take over the world than a knitting machine does. Both are just machines that are programmed. Both have inherent limitations in what they can do. And any problems with that programming will be the fault of *humans*, not machines.
Sure, many humans are ignorant, but their continued survival contradicts the notion that they're all imbeciles. (Although there is *some* evidence to suggest that they could do with a bit more work on the whole "electing leaders" front.)
MILF
I can't think of a witty backronym.
Met Investigate Large Females?
"........ police forces to make substantial proactive efforts to check that any access to their records is for legitimate police purposes and to take action where they discover wrongdoing"
that is the weakness right there, who watches the watchmen?
Taking action meaning "having a quiet word" in most cases.
Don't store it in the first place.
In some ways 900+ offenses split over 3 yrs & 36 forces is a pretty *low* figure.
Perhaps a little *too* low?
Is that just those where *someone* got suspicious of the query or something happened and *then* a trace of their PNC queries was run?
I *strongly* doubt police officers (or *anyone* else authorized to query those systems) routinely has to match queries made against cases being investigated (and weather they contributed to closing the case).
After all if as the NoTW claimed £200 was the standard price for "spinning" a number plate that would only be an additional £180k in the cops back pocket.
these are just the ones who got caught - probably more junior staff. I am sure there is an industrial-grade auditing facility on the PNC and satellite databases, so all accesses are logged. But how many *senior* officers abuse the PNC by requesting subordinates run a check ? After all, the lowly have no idea if the request is genuine or not.
Many years ago, I worked in a company that had just been privatised. This was around the Boesky scandal, and there was an edict that staff who had access to "price sensitive" information could not buy/sell shares without approval. However, it was noted by said staff, that their managers had no such restriction - despite being able to order the minons to provide exactly the same data.
How about a little data mapping and mining to halt the abuse? Every PNC query should be driven by some information in an ongoing case - "Blue W-reg Ford Escort seen leaving the scene" would be the source of one or more searches for Blue W-registered cars in the ANPR, a description of a suspect might be linked to one or more PNC searches, and so on. Dates, times and persons accessing data all logged. Data mining to identify overall trends and therefore queries outside the norm. It won't find everything but it should be enough to scare off many people from selling on the data or using it for their own purposes.
The idea that any staff can look at an arrest report - out of curiosity? - is staggering. It certainly isn't data protection at work.
Whenever a check is made on behalf another officer you put their details in and the reason they give. If its for paperwork and there is a ref number I always get that too. I have on accasions refused checks if not happy.
I used to work with socially excluded groups, some of which required a police presence, and the majority of police we worked with, would access information on a regular basis in the same way we would check our emails.
I notice on "Cops on Camera", how the cops gather round a suspect who is handcuffed on the floor of a cell and not resisting, while they twist his arms up round the back and kneel on his head all the while calling out "stop resisting', then the lads have a good giggle about it afterwards. I guess that explains the marked hostility they get from your average estate dweller ..
a friend of mine was on the news a few years ago. an ex para (biiig lad)
got in a fight (not his fault) and was arrested and taken into the cop shop.
he started having a seizure, the police all stood around him laughing as he squirmed and rolled around on the floor (still cuffed) and he died. nobody helped him or did anything. there is actual CCTV footage of them all laughing as he died.
nothing happened to any of the officers.
yeah, im so glad the pigs are here to help look after us all.
maybe it was because he was black? :( he had to leave the army due to all the racism there.
sorry but a lot of police are just criminals in uniform.
I "mistranslated" BBW from Big Brother Watch to... a description of females well endowed in the bulgarian funbag department.... Very disappointing to find this wasn't the case.
I'll get my coat...
Where, where......?
... misusing spreadsheets?
Are they sure it's not OVER 9000?
F***ing right!!
900 illegal accesses of data should lead to 900 dismissals, not 98
what's the point in being a police officer if you can't even investigate your own neighbours for crimes? this is another form of political correctness going mad.
Here's a hypothetical situation to get you thinking. Say you are a police officer and a new neighbour moves into your street out of the blue. He hasn't introduced himself and noone even saw him move in. He doesn't appear to have a family. The curtains are always drawn. Every evening he drives off and comes back in the dead of the night unloading strange containers. He carries a disturbing gait and a manner of clothing typically observed upon those with a subversive agenda. There are vulnerable children living on the street.
Now if you are a police officer isn't it your duty to look him up on the police database and tell your neighbours what you find? In fact arguably it would be a deriliction of duty not to. As usual the common sense side of the story rarely gets a look in.
The officer reports it through normal channels, following the astonishingly clear procedures laid down for this sort of scenario.
The officer shouldn't be placing himself in a position where their integrity could be called into question, and that includes running PNC checks on neighbours (or taking bungs from NI, etc)
.. That would be ok if you followed the correct processes and documented your investigation, giving proper justification. Some of the cases mentioned have a disturbing conflict of interest.
IANAL & IANAC* & all that.
* Copper.
Enough said.
You could charge him with being in possession of a loud shirt in a built up area after the hours of darkness?
This tag is very useful: <sarcasm>. Alternatively, but less accurately, the "Joke Alert" icon.
Of course, that assumes you were being sarcastic ... please tell me you were. Please.
I'd honestly expect that number to be much MUCH higher.
Oh, wait, that's just the ones who got caught. Nevermind.
AND that ANY followup was progressed against !
This always happens, professionalism fails in the face of human nature.
I saw "BBW" in the title and clicked automatically, only to find the article was totally unrelated..
That's just the number that were caught.
That's what they all said would happen when they started collecting it. What's worse is this local level shit about the time you farted this morining.
Have you talked kindly to the people you know...No? Well you're in trouble then.- N.
Sixteen months after Diageo’s bid was first announced, it’s taken no less than some help from Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron to get the ball rolling as the two heads of state met in London for a trade summit. So far, US$2.23 billion worth of deals have been inked.
Even if the spirit isn’t everyone’s poison (some liken it to paint thinner), there’s no denying that it’s going to be an important source of revenue for the world’s big spirit makers. According to Euromonitor International research, baijiu makes up 32% of China’s alcoholic-drinks market, with sales in 2010 up 13% from the previous year to 805.8 billion yuan (US$124.5 billion). Top-end brands like Moutai can retail at as much as US$200 a bottle. LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SA and Pernod Ricard SA have already taken stakes in local baijiu makers.
The potential of the Chinese alcohol market also prompted KKR & Co. and New Horizon Capital to jointly invest in VATS Liquor Store Co., which operates stores across China selling premium Chinese and international brands.
And baijiu makers can’t make the stuff fast enough. As Dow Jones Investment Banker writes:
Not only is baijiu the tipple drunk by a growing Chinese population (which grants pricing power to the distillers), but the producers – especially market leader Moutai and No. 2 Wuliangye – can’t make enough of it. Moutai, for instance, has plans to double output by 2020.
Of course, Diageo is also keen to push its own products to the Chinese consumer. At an investor day in Shanghai in May, Diageo said it would focus on promoting scotch in the country, which accounts for more than 80% of Diageo’s sales in China. In 2009 Diageo and Shui Jing Fang also teamed up to launch Shanghai White, a vodka distilled with baijiu methods, for the Chinese market.
But as this video explains, baijiu continues to hold a special place in China – which means anybody looking to do business in China should probably start acquiring a taste for it.S. Khojanov and the Phenomenon of National Communism in Central Asia and Kazakhstan in the 20-Ies. XX Century
Abstract
This article tells about phenomenon of national communism in Central Asia and Kazakhstan in the 20-ies, XX century on the example of the politician was Sultanbek Khojanov. S. Khojanov was one of the notorious national communists, who left a bright mark in the history of the Soviet Central Asian Republics and Kazakhstan. S. Khojanov’s main activity, as a national communist, traces back to 1920-1925; that is, when the republics of the Soviet type were created in the Soviet East. As a former representative of the opposition to the tsarist regime, and later-to Bolshevism, Khojanov joins the Bolshevik Party after defeat of the opposition, actively protecting the interests of indigenous people.Due to the acute shortage of educated people among indigenous people, as well as due to his active work, Khojanov finds himself in the top echelons of power of the Turkestan ASSR in a short time. He was the head of the People’s Commissariats for Internal Affairs, Education, and Agriculture during the period from 1920 to 1924. He also became a deputy chairperson of the Central Executive Committee of the Turkestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic. After disengagement of TASSR, he was appointed the Second Secretary of the Regional Party Committee of the Kazakh SSR in September 1925.Under his leadership, the year 1921-1922 was held in Turkistan land reform. As a result of reforms in favor of the indigenous inhabitants of the land were seized Russian immigrants captured during the colonization of tsarist Russia.The culmination of his political activity has become a social and political activity in Kazakhstan, where clearly expressed its position as a national.- Nick Friedell, ESPN Staff Writer
BOSTON -- If Tom Thibodeau had his way, the Chicago Bulls would have three players representing the organization at All-Star Weekend in Houston next month.
The Bulls coach believes Luol Deng, Joakim Noah and Carlos Boozer have all done enough to warrant serious consideration with Deng leading the way, playing a league-high 40.2 minutes a game. Noah averages 12.4 points and 10.7 rebounds, and Boozer has made a strong push recently, averaging 22.6 points and 11.2 rebounds over his last 10 games.
They were not voted into the game by the fans, but will have the opportunity to make it as reserves when those players are announced next Thursday.
"Deng certainly to me, he's shown he should almost be a lock in my eyes based on the way he's played from the start of the season to the finish," Thibodeau said before Friday's shootaround. "I think Joakim started off great, sort of tailed off with the flu, but is picking it up again.
"And then Carlos has been steadily getting better from the start of the season to where he's playing great right now. I think all three deserve consideration. But those things are so political, you can make the case for all of them. I think when you win it helps and winning is the most important thing."
Thibodeau believes most coaches factor in winning to their vote, but he is realistic about the chances of getting all three players in.
"I think most coaches do," Thibodeau said. "And I think coaches will look at what a guy brings to the team overall. Have they done it consistently? And then some guys, it's a build up, too. I thought two years ago Luol deserved to make it and didn't make it, then he ended up making it last year. So sometimes it takes some time to build up to finally be recognized because people will tend to look at the entire season also. But you can make a case for a lot of guys and there's certainly a lot of guys that are playing well and also deserving, not just our three."
Deng, who is averaging 17.8 points and 6.5 rebounds, also is trying to be realistic about the group's chances. After making it in last season, Deng would love to be back, but he's not hung up on it.
"It's not the end of the world if you're not (picked)," Deng said. "As a player you always want to be an All-Star. i think it says a lot about your career, it says a lot about your team, people respecting your team and the record you have and what you've done so it's something that you want to have.
"If you're not an All-Star it's not the end of the world as long as you know you're having a good season, people appreciate what you do, your teammates appreciate what you do. You want to be an All-Star, but if you're not you still could have a great season without being an All-Star."
Noah remembers Boston series: As Joakim Noah started discussing what it meant to play in Boston, even he couldn't believe it had been so long since the exciting series the two teams waged back in the 2009 playoffs.
"It's always a great place to play basketball," Noah said recently of playing in TD Garden. "They have tough fans and it's a great basketball environment, especially with the history that we have with them, damn, five years ago. That's five years ago? (Shoot), man. I'm getting old."
Noah's math was a little off, but his feeling was still strong.
"It was special," Noah said. "Even though we lost, it was my first playoff series and just playing in those overtimes, those hostile environments, playing in games like that are the games that hopefully I can show my grandkids and things like that. Even though we lost I love those games because I feel like they gave me a shot, they gave me confidence to take my game to another level."
The last word: "I was very fortunate to be here. It's a great organization; to be part of a championship team ... it's a special place. I always respect that. I look forward to seeing these guys after we play, but I also know their spirit. It's a very competitive group. When the ball goes up I want to beat them just as badly as they want to beat me so I know what's at stake here." -- Thibodeau, on being back in Boston. He served as an assistant on Doc Rivers' staff from 2007-2010.
Thibodeau hoping for three Bulls All-Stars
Tom Thibodeau hopes the Bulls will have three All-Stars this season.It was late 2008, and if ever the country seemed primed for a revived outbreak of the populist formula equating Wall Street with Jews and both of these with evil, this was a moment when the stars were aligned in malignant confluence.
Lehman Brothers, the venerable investment bank with a notably Jewish history, was the prominent catalyst when the United States plunged into its worst economic downturn since the 1930s. But that was far from all. Two weeks later came the turn of American International Group Inc. — the firm that Washington felt it could not afford to let fail — which had only recently ousted its longtime leader, Maurice “Hank” Greenberg, amid a highly publicized accounting scandal.
Jewish anxiety was only heightened when, around the same time, the wave of publicity hit regarding mega-Ponzi schemer Bernard Madoff. Here was a truly malevolent figure, a handy poster child for the abuse and fraud now seen as characterizing his era. Madoff seemed to have walked out of the pages of Der Stürmer, a personification of antisemitic stereotypes — avaricious, manipulative and deceitful.
With unemployment stuck at about 10%, and few expecting this to change anytime soon, we are still suffering the effects of a cataclysmic recession, one that seems to have its origins, in good part, in the nation’s financial institutions. Not surprisingly, Jews have pricked up their ears, waiting for the howls of the antisemitic hounds.
But this time, the dog has failed to bark.
Why? Counterfactual explanation in history — explaining why something failed to happen — is necessarily a rather speculative enterprise. But here are some informed speculations.
One can point to the fact that so many of the people who work on Wall Street today, from analysts to CEOs, are not Jewish. When the congressionally mandated Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission met last January and grilled the heads of the four largest (surviving) Wall Street firms, there was only one Jew among the interrogated: Lloyd Blankfein of Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (The others, for the record, were John Mack, a descendant of Lebanese Christians; Jamie Dimon, a descendant of Greek immigrants, and Brian Moynihan, who one assumes is of Irish-Catholic stock.) Moreover, a random walk down Wall Street will confirm that an increasing percentage of its denizens are of Asian origin.
People of Jewish origin were, of course, in evidence in the ongoing political process of trying to deal with the crisis. But they were present on every side of the issue. Jews such as Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and presidential aide Lawrence Summers were certainly prominent among the policymakers dealing with the mess, and were often charged with protecting Wall Street. But those making that charge and urging more vigorous government action to rein in Wall Street included economists such as Paul Krugman and Joseph Stiglitz, not to speak of Vermont’s Socialist senator, Bernard Sanders — Jews all.
Despite these facts, Jews had good historical reasons to worry. The symbolic connection between Jews and finance has deep roots in the culture of Western Christendom.
In the Middle Ages, the lending of money for interest was regarded as abhorrent and parasitic — a set of associations based upon biblical verses combined with Aristotle’s condemnation of money lending as unnatural. Nevertheless, money lending was recognized as a necessary function, and one in which people were not likely to engage without receiving returns. So, the odious activity of money lending was left to the Jews. They were a people already stigmatized in Christianity for the moral blindness inherent (as the church saw it) in their failure to recognize Jesus as the messiah.
Western Christendom’s condemnation of usury — the lending of money at interest — jibed with the popular perception of peasants and laborers that only those whose work produced sweat were truly productive. This, of course, ignored the role of mental activity in economic production, activities such as the calculation of risk, or resourcefulness in discovering economic opportunity in overlooked tastes and markets.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, antipathy toward Jews often went hand in hand with antipathy toward finance. Each tended to burst into public life with particular vehemence during the periodic crises to which capitalist economies are prone. For much of the 19th century, the attack on finance took the form of an attack upon the Jews — and especially on the Rothschilds, the personification of Jewish finance. The Nazis were among those who sounded this theme, calling in their party platform for “the breaking of interest slavery.” In the United States, Henry Ford declared in the 1920s that “the Jew is a mere huckster, a trader who doesn’t want to produce, but to make something out of what somebody else produces.” And during the Depression of the 1930s, the radio broadcasts of the Rev. Charles Coughlin and mass rallies of the Rev. Gerald L.K. Smith assailed the Jews as both communists and international bankers.
Seen in historical perspective, the absence of such rhetoric in the current economic downturn is quite remarkable. Part of the answer may lie in the fact that more and more people are involved in one way or another with the financial sector, and are aware — on some level, at least — that their savings and pensions are linked to what happens on Wall Street.
There are other reasons, of course. National Socialism gave antisemitism a bad name. Jews are more integrated than ever into American life, where they are one minority among many. Indeed, contemporary Americans tend to like Jews. For better or worse, they are increasingly open to marrying them. Many of the traditional religious sources of antisemitism have diminished. In the decades since the Second Vatican Council, the Catholic Church in the United States has done a remarkable job of extirpating anti-Jewish elements of the Catholic tradition (to the consternation of a small rump of traditionalist Catholics). And evangelical Protestants tend to be philo-Semitic.
The fact is, many polls show that antisemitism is at lower levels in the United States today than at any time since the Anti-Defamation League began measuring it in 1964, when it was already in decline. (The level is substantially higher among African Americans and foreign-born Hispanics, but in those cases, too, it is falling).
To be sure, many Americans suspect that Jews are richer and more professionally successful, on average, than non-Jewish Americans. And they are right. But unlike some national cultures, Americans today tend to value professional and economic success.. But envy and resentment — the bane of democratic capitalist societies — are less powerful in the United States than in most nations.
On the extreme margins of the political right, of course, one can find new invocations of the malicious force of international Jewish finance. But these groups are far out of the mainstream. In the United States and Western Europe, at least, there is no wave of public sentiment blaming Jews for the current economic crisis.
What does remain is a residue of the traditional linkage of finance and parasitism. At times, recent American politicians, up to and including the president, have used political rhetoric that supposes that any gain for Wall Street is a loss for Main Street: a more modern expression of the notion that finance is fundamentally unproductive. The difference this time is that we have just gone through a decade in which the financial sector grew far more rapidly than the rest of the economy, partly through the development of new financial products that actually turned out to be counterproductive. But that criticism — some deserved, some exaggerated — has been quite free of antisemitism.
And that, for those with a consciousness of history, is something quite noteworthy.
Jerry Z. Muller is a professor of history at The Catholic University of America in Washington, and author of the recently published “Capitalism and the Jews” (Princeton University Press).Dakota Transload, Inc., was established in 2012 as a family-owned business positioned to efficiently transload ceramic proppant and other oilfield service products.
We have the ability to unload box cars, hopper cars, gondolas, and flat cars.
Dakota Transload operates from a 52,000+ square-foot enclosed facility. Current indoor capacity is for 3,000 bags of product and 16,000,000 pounds of bulk product. We also store 20,000,000 pounds of product in 36 silos and utilize 6,000+ feet of rail track served by BNSF Railroad. Our 160 acres of property allow for additional short-term storage of bagged product.
Operations are located in Stanton, North Dakota, which is at the edge of the Bakken formation, conveniently removed from highway traffic congestion. Stanton is a short drive to Williston, Dickinson, Minot, and Bismarck/Mandan.
Read about us in Energy and Mining InternationalRoasted Pecans (Salted)
Our Customers,
Have you also tried?
Ingredients
Pecans, Peanut Oil, Salt) Salted (126)
ID: 4028
Country of origin: United States§ Message to attend the Lords Commissioners;
§ The House went:—and, having returned:
§ Mr. Speaker (in the Clerk's place at the Table)
I have to acquaint the House that the House has been to the House of Peers where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, authorising the Royal Assent to the following Acts:Seattle's Big Blog
Covering Seattle news, weather, arts and conversation.
Monthly Archive for February, 2008
Battlestar Galactica: 3 seasons in 8 minutes
Where plastic bags go to die
Feb. 29 — Welcome to leap day
‘Almost Live’ star kicks off new TV show tonight
Show More
Boeing: Did the Air Force “owe” them the contract?Wood Technology, Innovations Mark AWFS Visionary AwardsPosted by Karen Koenig | Posted: 08/08/2013 10:57AM
Visionary New Product Awards were given to seven exhibiting companies at the recent AWFS Fair.
AWFS Fair Upbeat: WMS 2013 Up NextBy Rich Christianson | Posted: 08/07/2013 1:55PM
AWFS was a hit with the many thousands of professional woodworkers and suppliers who attended. Next up is the Woodworking Machinery & Supply Expo (WMS), Canada’s largest woodworking event.
Conestoga Wood vs. Obamacare, AWFS Fair Topped Weeks ReportsBy Bill Esler | Posted: 08/01/2013 3:05PM
The most viewed wood industry reports this week centered on the big AWFS Fair woodworking show, the Visionary Technology Awards, the WorldSkills cabinet student qualifying trials, and machinery and tools.
U.
About This GigapanToggle
- Taken by
- Brian Smith
- Explore score
- 1
- Size
- 0.34 Gigapixels
- Views
- 646
- Date added
- Jun 06, 2013
- Date taken
- Jun 06, 2013
- Categories
-
- Galleries
-
- Competitions
-
- cemetery
- Description
First Gigapan. Trying to figure this thing out.
Stitcher NotesToggleMinimize
GigaPan Stitch.Efx version 2.1.0161 (Windows)
Panorama size: 342 megapixels (43072 x 7956 pixels)
Input images: 36 (12 columns by 3 rows)
Field of view: 126.0 degrees wide by 23.3 degrees high (top=12.9, bottom=-10.4)
Settings:
Vignette correction on: c1=-0.00161 c2=2.48e-005
All default settings
Original image properties:
Camera make: Canon
Camera model: Canon EOS 7D
Image size: 5184x3456 (17.9 megapixels)
Capture time: 2013-06-06 10:47:53 - 2013-06-06 10:50:46
Aperture: f/9
Exposure time: 0.0166667
ISO: 100
Focal length (35mm equiv.): unknown
White balance: Fixed
Exposure mode: Manual
Horizontal overlap: 32.0 to 34.0 percent
Vertical overlap: 34.4 to 35.0 percent
Computer stats: 8180.51 MB RAM, 8 CPUs
Total time 3:58 (6.6 seconds per picture)
Alignment: 19 seconds, Projection: 57 seconds, Blending: 2:42
(Preview finished in 1:47)
Gigapan Comments (0)Toggle Minimize gigapan_commentUnsportsmanlike? Paul Cayard, the head of the Artemis America's Cup syndicate, must have had a bit of a brain fade when he called Emirates Team New Zealand unsportsmanlike this week.
They've been so unsportsmanlike that they - and holders Oracle - have been helping Artemis with re-jigging the structure of their new AC72 catamaran. Team NZ and Oracle have given the Swedish syndicate, stricken by the death of crewman Andrew Simpson in that horror capsize, information which would normally remain private.
Load limit and structural testing details have been shared, helping the Swedish syndicate correct whatever structural problems may have been at fault in the capsize.
I'd call that sportsmanlike, Mr Cayard. So is turning up to compete. The Artemis boss protested after a story in the Herald on Sunday, quoting Emirates Team NZ head Grant Dalton, told how Artemis had vetoed a proposal to start the Louis Vuitton regatta later (July 19 instead of July 4). That gave Artemis more time to get to the starting line.
The quid pro quo was that there would be no semifinals.
But Cayard said: "Dalton's proposals to change the race."
No one can forget that a man has lost his life. That must sit above all other considerations. Moves can be made (and they are ...) to ensure that no others are lost.
But that's not really what we are seeing in the America's Cup now. What we are seeing is political moves behind the scenes to advantage self. It's a game being played by all contestants, including Oracle, who have been massively silent in recent weeks but who are working busily behind the scenes.
Here's the lay of the land as far as we can see:
Italian syndicate Luna Rossa have a NZ-designed boat but are fearful they can't beat the Kiwis unless in light airs, hence their support for lower wind limits.
Artemis can't beat anyone right now, pending structural alterations to their new boat. Their campaign has been a disaster. They have messed up their design, their boat build and their sailing. They have got rid of personnel (skipper Terry Hutchinson was fired, replaced by multihull specialists). But because Oracle's 72-foot, state-of-the-art, sailing-on-the-edge, expensive catamarans attracted so few challengers, Artemis can get away with holding up the regatta as Oracle desperately need them for credibility. If there were more challengers, they would be ruled out; unable to make the start line on time.
Artemis are taking advantage of the waiving of the US$100,000 fine for missing a race. They now don't need to turn up at the Louis Vuitton start line until the August 6 semifinal against the loser of Team New Zealand and Luna Rossa. By doing so, they don't risk being knocked out in the three-way round-robin.
ETNZ have the best boat in strong winds. While everyone now agrees Oracle's old upper limit of 33 knots of wind was dangerous, Team NZ designed their boat for heavier winds, as Oracle's rules effectively decreed, building a heavier and stronger (and safer) platform.
Oracle have configured their boat for the lighter airs prevalent in San Francisco in September, when the Cup match is held between the winner of the Louis Vuitton and the holder.
So that's the real layout of the battleground, behind all the PR puff. Safety recommendations have been made dropping the wind limits. Team NZ have gone along with this even though it theoretically helps negate one of their strengths.
There are now moves being made, America's Cup sources tell us, to have racing called off if the wind even gusts above the agreed limit during a race; other moves propose to change the way the wind is being measured, effectively dropping wind limits lower. Oracle are apparently mooting further drops in windspeed limits. Spot the self-interest?
Team New Zealand have spent something like $100 million-$120 million, including taxpayers' money, building a boat under one set of rules. Now they are facing changes to the changes which may not be about safety at all but about eating away at a perceived advantage they hold.
The Kiwis have self-interest too, of course, though it is possible to feel a bit of non-nationalistic sympathy for a syndicate being penalised for applying the rules too well and being ready to race.
It's where Dalton's "insult" (according to Cayard), comparing Artemis to Namibia delaying a Rugby World Cup because they had a few injuries, came from.
Artemis, with the July 19 proposal, were being asked to do no more than they signed up for in the first place - sail in a round robin. What's unsportsmanlike about helping them to turn up?
The America's Cup mediation process/jury now has to sort this mess out. If we are talking unsportsmanlike behaviour, let's look at an opinion offered on Facebook by Cory Friedman, an American lawyer and yachting analyst who did a lot of media commentary on the Oracle-Alinghi court case which set up the Cup match, resulting in Oracle winning the Cup in the first place.
He said: "The 'favourable reputation' of the event is being destroyed by the Challenger of Record (Artemis) which are turning the whole thing into the most grossly mismanaged farce in the history of sport. They are the ones which should be sanctioned under this rule. Does anyone really believe that solo voyaging around the marks because Artemis can't build a seaworthy boat that won't fold in half and drown its sailors like filling trapped in a submerge(d) taco won't spur gales of derision from the general press and public?
"If Artemis had the slightest clue about sportsmanship (what a bunch of snivelling whiners) it should do what is best for the majority of challengers and, if it can't cut the mustard, let the others get on with it. No other sport would allow this nonsense."January 25, 1944 — Total Solar Eclipse — London, England, United Kingdom
◢
Max view in London
Tuesday, January 25, 1944 at 5:35 PM
Global Type: Total Solar Eclipse
London: Partial Solar Eclipse
Began: Tue, Jan 25, 1944 at 5:28 PM
Maximum: Tue, Jan 25, 1944 at 5:35 PM
Ended: Tue, Jan 25, 1944 at 5:57 PM
Duration: 29 minutes
January 25, 1944 — January 25, 1944 — Total Solar Eclipse
Phases and local times of this eclipse
Eclipses visible in London
All eclipses worldwide, from 1900 to 2100 WIC Helped Tara Marks Get to Law School
Tara Marks, a Bread activist from Pittsburgh, once used WIC and SNAP benefits. She is currently in law school and gave testimony to the Senate Budget Committee on Feb. 13, 2013. (Laura Elizabeth Pohl/Bread for the World)
By Robin Stephenson
Today, Tara Marks is in law school—and yesterday she told members of the Senate Budget Committee that her journey from poverty to an advanced degree program was possible thanks to WIC and other similar federal programs.
Many of you remember Tara as the face of the 2012 Offering of Letters video "A Hunger for Advocacy." Her story of poverty so extreme that she skipped meals to provide enough for her son is an inspiration for many advocates at Bread for the World. Pell grants, WIC, and SNAP were the stepping stones that helped Tara escape poverty.
Senate Budget Committee Chairwoman Patty Murray (D-Wash.) invited Tara to give testimony. Sen. Murray has said that budgets "...”
Tara’s journey plainly shows that budget discussions are about more than numbers—fiscal decisions have real consequences.
For Tara, a budget that funded domestic nutrition programs created a path out of hunger and poverty for her and her son, Nathan. During her testimony, Tara noted that when she was hungry, abundance surrounded her. “This was not a question of availability of food, but a question of affording it. I did not live in a food desert; I lived in a food mirage. I had many grocery stores around me, but I could not afford to go in and shop.”
She passed out from hunger before finally applying for SNAP (formerly food stamps), which gave her access to adequate food. Food assistance alone did not help Tara move up the ladder of prosperity, but it gave her the stability to get the education that did..”
In a continued effort to give families across the country a place at the budget negotiation table, Murray offers an online platform that allows members of the public to share their stories and ideas. Add your voice to the existing 2,000 submissions.
Today, one of the programs that provided critical assistance to Tara and Nathan—WIC—is in danger. If the automatic spending cuts known as the sequester are allowed to go forward in the next couple of days, the Congressional Budget Office estimates that roughly 600,000 infants, children, and expectant moms will be without this vital assistance. Their futures may well depend on your hunger for advocacy. Call your member of Congress at 1-800-826-3688 and tell them that cutting programs that effectively combat hunger and poverty will not solve our country’s fiscal problems.
Robin Stephenson is national social media lead and senior regional organizer, western hub, at Bread for the World.
« Voices of Hunger: "I Will Be Forever Grateful" Lenten Reflections: Our Journey is the Destination »
Posted by Bread on February 14, 2013 in Advocacy, Hunger and the U.S. Budget, SNAP, U.S. Hunger / Comments  WIC Helped Tara Marks Get to Law School:
Get updates on issues and actions to take on behalf of hungry people.
What a great story! WIC is not about giving people a handout, but giving people a hand-up so that we can get out of dire circumstances. I greatly admire those who see such programs as a blessing and opportunity to better themselves rather than those who are content to remain on such programs forever.
I was not aware of the cuts that are being considered. Thank you for pointing them out. Are these general cuts to the program or specific cuts to specific aspects of the program? I know WIC was "cut" a couple years ago simply because there was an excess in the budget, but no potential participants were turned away in the process.
Posted by: Lynn on February 19, 2013 at 07:25 PM
Thank you for sharing your story! It is a vivid reminder of how any one of us might need a hand-up and how it has been one of our traditions to be sure that hand-up is available!
Posted by: Inez Torres Davis on February 21, 2013 at 02:41 PM
I am so glad that WIC were able to help you get into Law school. Getting into law can be difficult and requires you to have a lot of patients and knowledge. Well done and thank you for the post.
Posted by: brabnerschaffestreet on March 24, 2013 at 06:21 PMRoot Hill Cafe!
My child goes to school around the corner (The Children's School), and I am a big fan of their baked goods and Clover Coffee. I don't know if Clover is the Best Coffee in the World, but it's a darn good cuppa joe. It's a worthy alternative to overpriced espresso-based drinks at, say, a large coffee chain.
I do know that they aren't making a whole lot of money. So, if you want to support local businesses, or try the legendary Clover Coffee, head on over to Carroll & 4th Avenue.
Seems like they're still figuring out the workflow, but the capuccino I had was very good— I'd say best in South Brooklyn. Also tried regular drip, which was strong and had a pleasant roundness, but nothing great. Haven't had the Clover there, as I tend to save that rare treat for when I'm in the vincinty of a Cafe Grumpy (and their superlative beans).
- re: Peter Cuce...
But I wouldn't hesitate to expand this estimation to include Park Slope, Prospect Heights, Ft Greene, Brooklyn Heights, and Clinton Hill. But certainly there is better to be had in the north—Gimme, El Beit and Grumpy to start..This time, we got the following crossword puzzle clue: "Major ore of uranium". Next we will look for a few extra hints for "Major ore of uranium, 11 letters entry". Finally, using all gathered information, we will solve Major ore of uranium crossword definition and get the final answer.
Similar crossword puzzle definitions:
Uranium-rich mineral;
Brown to black radioactive mineral;
The mineral uraninite;
Try this 11 letters answer: PITCHBLENDE.Entrepreneurship success stories – Jazzercise
Sometimes a key to success lies in interesting business idea, but sometimes all you should do is to be flexible and change your business concept according to the circumstances. That’s exactly how Judi Sheppard Misset from Jazzercise reached her business success!
Judi Sheppard Missett, founder and chief executive officer of Jazzercise Inc., has turned her love of jazz dance into a worldwide dance exercise phenomenon. Judi started teaching dance classes in Evanston, Illinois, in 1969 after hanging up her professional dancing shoes after a long dancing career. Soon she was very surprised to found out that women weren’t coming to her classes to learn the precise steps to a dance, but to lose weight and tone up mussels. Being a wise woman Judi didn’t get upset and didn’t try to change the situation. She adapted to circumstances!
In 1977 Sheppard Missett to Southern California and started to bring new concept to life. She picked up the pace, turned up the music, and created a fun class that incorporated dance moves to provide aerobic exercise. The group was soon full and a long waiting list ready. She trained additional instructors to teach the routines she choreographed to get more groups packed. Six years later the business success of her dancing & aerobic classes was so evident, that company started franchising.
Now Jazzercise is based in Carlsbad, California and instructors teach its total-body conditioning program to almost half a million participants each year. The Jazzercise dance fitness program’s aim is to promote total fitness through dance. Instructors lead classes through dance routines that are choreographed to popular tunes. Besides, company now has over 7,500 locations worldwide in more then 30 countries, a clothing line, and an extremely loyal fan base. And all this came out from a simple dance class. One of the most amazing entrepreneurship success stories, isn’t it?
Source: Profitable Business IdeasProperty to rent near Hoddom
- £500 pcm (£115 pw)
3 bed property to rentCroft Terrace, Lochmaben, Lockerbie DG11
A three bedroomed lionk terraced house with three bedrooms, lounge/ dining room, modern fitted kitchen and a modern bathroom suite. Double glazing and central heating. There's a rear gardens and a driveway for one car. Ll Reg No: 263772/170/04071 More details
Note: Distances are straight line measurements
- Lockerbie (3.6 miles)
- Dumfries (7.5 miles)
Marketed by Your Move, DG1. Call 01387 800683
Latest Hoddom property to rent
Zoopla is one of the UK's leading property portals, helping you to find property for sale and to rent and make smarter decisions when buying and renting homes in the UK. Discover information on homes in Hoddom by researching Hoddom property values, Hoddom house prices paid, our Hoddom property market overview and find Hoddom agents.Choose from Three Options
- $10 for one-day admission for two (a $20 value)
- $18 for one-day admission for four (a $40 value)
- $24 for one-day admission for six (a $60 value)
On Saturday, March 2, and Sunday, March 3, visitors browse the wares of Kentucky's artists, writers, artisanal food producers, and musicians before purchasing, tasting, and listening to the fine products they have to offer.
Kentucky Crafted: The Market.
Tips
91% of 237 customers recommend
“We had a great time at the Market and thought it was a worthwhile event and well done. ”
“Love that Kentucky Crafted: The Market has been in Lexington the past two years and hope it continues to be. It's a great gathering of talented Kentucky artists and...”
“Love that Kentucky Crafted: The Market has been in Lexington the past two years and hope it continues to be. It's a great gathering of talented Kentucky artists and artisans—certainly one of the best craft shows in the state.”
“Loved the variety and the quality”
- A
430 West Vine Street
Lexington, KY 40507
+15025643757Get DirectionsPantene Pro-V Curly Hair Series Moisture Renewal Shampoo Reviews
smells greatThis product gets my hair clean and it smells great,it didn't do much for my curls. — 4 years, 11 months ago
Wonderfully rich shampoo!Love how thick and rich this shampoo is. A little goes a long way and cleans beautifully! — 4 years, 11 months ago
Super for Curly HairI used the 2-in-1 version of this shampoo and thought it was really good. My hair is naturally curly and fine with a tendency to frizz. This shampoo seemed to give my curls better body and less "frizzies". — 4 years, 11 months ago
This review is: Helpful | Not helpful | Inappropriate | 1 of 1 people said helpful
It's okayThis shampoo is okay. I have very thick curly hair and I don't think that it gives my curls enough moisture. — 4 years, 11 months ago
Makes my hair frizzyI have naturally curly hair but whenI use this it makes my hair frizzy. Oddly enough when I use the straightening shampoo I get better defines/less frizzy curls. — 4 years, 11 months ago
For Girls Who Love CurlsI keep my naturally straight hair permed in order to get maximum volume and I don't want to use any product that defeats this purpose by weighing it down, nor do I want to strip it down to frizz. This product fits the bill for girls who love healthy, bouncy curls. — 4 years, 11 months ago
This review is: Helpful | Not helpful | Inappropriate | 1 of 1 people said helpful
My #1 FavoriteI love this shampoo above all others. It brings out the natural wave and curl in my hair and leaves me feeling truly gorgeous! — 4 years, 11 months ago
Great shampoo!!I love this shampoo. I have permed hair and it keeps the curl and keeps my hair in good condition. — 4 years, 11 months ago
GreatI loved it because I have had spiral perms in my hair for at least 8 yrs. and it keeps my hair from looking or feeling dry/fried. I love the way it made my hair feel. — 4 years, 11 months agocock93atiel | 1 reviews
Back
to top
My Reasons for Reporting This
Hi Jay, There are two ways of using the mapGeneInfo function: command line and widget. I will discuss with John off-list what is the best way to get the widget component working for mapGeneInfo. But for the moment, if you like to creat the mapping, you can write a simple one line command: For example, in your mraw at Gnames@maInfo, if you have the following columns: "ProbeID", "ProbeName" where "ProbeID" have accession number. Than you can running the following line to enable a html link to the Source web site later on when using the function htmlPage. mapGeneInfo(> Error in widget.mapGeneInfo(Gnames) : could not find function >> "widgetRender" >> >> I'm running R 2.4.1 on a Mac OS X (10.4.9). I have the latest >> version of Bioconductor and tkWidgets version 1.12.1 > > THe widgetRender function is defined in tkWidgets but not currently > exported in the NAMESPACE. Nothing has changed there recently, so > this may have been a problem for awhile. > > The widget functionality has other issues even once the > widgetRender function is found. I've cc'd the maintainers of both > tkWidgets and marray in hopes they can take a look and provide > additional information. > > Best, > > + seth > > -- > Seth Falcon | Computational Biology | Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center > >Hey, lady
You done with your work? Because this dog can’t walk himself. Or maybe he could, but I doubt he’d come back. LADY.
Motocicleta
Is it safe to ride a motorbike in flip flops? Yes, he’s wearing a helmet, but wouldn’t he miss his toes given an unseen speed bump? Respect your toes, brah.
Drunken.
Mexico, part two
What [...]
Storage [...]
If it helps you fall in love
Last night LCD Soundsystem played their last televised performance, ever.
Corner of the family room [...][Previous: Executing SQL Statements] [SQL Programming] [Next: Presenting Data in a Table View]
In addition to QSqlQuery, Qt offers three higher-level classes for accessing databases. These classes are QSqlQueryModel, QSqlTableModel, and QSqlRelationalTableModel.
These classes derive from QAbstractTableModel (which in turn inherits from QAbstractItemModel) and make it easy to present data from a database in an item view class such as QListView and QTableView. This is explained in detail in the Presenting Data in a Table View section.
Another advantage of using these classes is that it can make your code easier to adapt to other data sources. For example, if you use QSqlTableModel and later decide to use XML files to store data instead of a database, it is essentially just a matter of replacing one data model with another.
QSqlQueryModel offers a read-only model based on an SQL query.
Example:
QSqlQueryModel model; model.setQuery("SELECT * FROM employee"); for (int i = 0; i < model.rowCount(); ++i) { int id = model.record(i).value("id").toInt(); QString name = model.record(i).value("name").toString(); qDebug() << id << name; }
After setting the query using QSqlQueryModel::setQuery(), you can use QSqlQueryModel::record(int) to access the individual records. You can also use QSqlQueryModel::data() and any of the other functions inherited from QAbstractItemModel.
There's also a setQuery() overload that takes a QSqlQuery object and operates on its result set. This enables you to use any features of QSqlQuery to set up the query (e.g., prepared queries).
QSqlTableModel offers a read-write model that works on a single SQL table at a time.
Example:; }
QSqlTableModel is a high-level alternative to QSqlQuery for navigating and modifying individual SQL tables. It typically results in less code and requires no knowledge of SQL syntax.
Use QSqlTableModel::record() to retrieve a row in the table, and QSqlTableModel::setRecord() to modify the row. For example, the following code will increase every employee's salary by 10 per cent:
for (int i = 0; i < model.rowCount(); ++i) { QSqlRecord record = model.record(i); double salary = record.value("salary").toInt(); salary *= 1.1; record.setValue("salary", salary); model.setRecord(i, record); } model.submitAll();
You can also use QSqlTableModel::data() and QSqlTableModel::setData(), which are inherited from QAbstractItemModel, to access the data. For example, here's how to update a record using setData():
model.setData(model.index(row, column), 75000); model.submitAll();
Here's how to insert a row and populate it:
model.insertRows(row, 1); model.setData(model.index(row, 0), 1013); model.setData(model.index(row, 1), "Peter Gordon"); model.setData(model.index(row, 2), 68500); model.submitAll();
Here's how to delete five consecutive rows:
model.removeRows(row, 5); model.submitAll();
The first argument to QSqlTableModel::removeRows() is the index of the first row to delete.
When you're finished changing a record, you should always call QSqlTableModel::submitAll() to ensure that the changes are written to the database.
When and whether you actually need to call submitAll() depends on the table's edit strategy. The default strategy is QSqlTableModel::OnRowChange, which specifies that pending changes are applied to the database when the user selects a different row. Other strategies are QSqlTableModel::OnManualSubmit (where all changes are cached in the model until you call submitAll()) and QSqlTableModel::OnFieldChange (where no changes are cached). These are mostly useful when QSqlTableModel is used with a view.
QSqlTableModel::OnFieldChange seems to deliver the promise that you never need to call submitAll() explicitly. There are two pitfalls, though:
QSqlRelationalTableModel extends QSqlTableModel to provide support for foreign keys. A foreign key is a 1-to-1 mapping between a field in one table and the primary key field of another table. For example, if a book table has a field called authorid that refers to the author table's id field, we say that authorid is a foreign key."));
See the QSqlRelationalTableModel documentation for details.
[Previous: Executing SQL Statements] [SQL Programming] [Next: Presenting Data in a Table View]It felt as though I'd landed in Narnia. Heidelburg was one of the few German cities to survive the 20th century untouched, and it's still cheerfully medieval with a vast ruptured castle, a student prison and several secret fraternities of swordsmen. Downtown looks as if it was designed by cake-makers, using gingerbread and icing. This is the place to buy a fox's tail, a bottle of absinthe or a battleaxe. Even the McDonald's building is painted a delicate rococo raspberry pink.
But the real fun's to be had in the bars. Many of these studentlokale have been gushing beer for the best part of 600 years. With their soot-black panelling, antlers and tree-trunk tables, it's like going for a drink in the middle of the forest. Some even have elfish names - like Schnitzelbank or Schnookeloch. As for the drinking, it's legendary.
I soon discovered that the only cure for a night out in Heidelberg was to head for the hills. Even better, I decided to carry on up the gorge, the 50-odd miles to Heilbronn. Mark Twain had done the same walk in 1878, and I had hoped that he'd join me - in the literary sense at least. But Twain was a hopeless walker and was always jumping on rafts and cabbage carts. This made his travelogue, A Tramp Abroad, an unreliable guidebook. It was however the only one I had, so I had to read it backwards, a century out of date and with a large pinch of salt.
As I began to climb out of Heidelberg I felt a wave of pure, endorphinous pleasure induced by the presence of trees. I don't usually like forests (I prefer a good view), but this one was enchanting. Everywhere I looked there were little animals - red squirrels, jays, cuckoos, and newts the colour of flames. Two-thirds of Germany is covered in forest like this, and strict hunting laws make it one of the best-protected environments in Europe. "Germany in summer," wrote Twain, "is the perfection of the beautiful."
This was true, and ahead of me a magnificent gorge zig-zagged off into the distance. Sometimes, I walked on little roads, sometimes tracks and occasionally 4ft deep in grass. It was never hard-going, and no one was at all surprised to find me walking from city to city. Germans, I realised, were always challenging themselves to appalling feats of endurance. My own excursion was merely a jaunt, with no hardships. The walk is a little over 50 miles and can be done in three days. There was spring water everywhere, and - in the villages - always something unusual to eat like black sausage or giant croissants filled with rhubarb and cream.
Most of these villages were fortified. The Neckar valley was like a corridor of castles. It wasn't just a question of a few walls and a big door. Each of these bastions was a stupendous, almost Disneyesque creation. Neckarsteinach had three of these fortresses, all built by thugs with names like "The Grand Wrecker of the Country". Hirschhorn had only one fortress but it was a particularly virulent orange, and dangled off the top of a hill.
Best of all was Dilsberg. Built astride a huge topographical egg, the entire village had been squashed inside the castle wall. It was all so tightly packed, that there was no room for cars, pavements or anything else post-1400. Twain of course loved it, and realised that, in Dilsberg, he'd found a rich source of tall stories; here were land-pirates, giants and a bottomless well. This well, I suspected, was pure Twain - until I dropped a euro down it and heard nothing in reply. In German folklore, it seems, even Twain had met his match.
At night, we went our separate ways. Twain would book into an inn or castle, most of which still offer riverside hospitality. I, on the other hand, preferred to sleep in the forest (although I wasn't sure if this was legal). Certainly, the idea had appalled people in Heidelberg. "Beware of the ants!" said one man - although it was the wild boar that kept me awake. All around me, I could hear them snorting through the grass, ploughing up the turf. Eventually, at dawn, they snuffled away, leaving the hillside rutted and muddy.
But the Neckar at sunrise was a rich reward for the snuffles of the night before. Long feathery wisps of vapour lifted off the water, and the forest looked opulent and dark. That day, I only had to leave the valley once, when the path turned into cliffs. For the next five miles, I wandered across a plateau, feeling rather dazzled. It was odd to be back in the light again, among ancient farms like Tudor galleys, and villages of haylofts and dung. But eventually, the roads wriggled back to the gorge again, at Neckarelz.
I spent my last night at Hornberg Castle, as Twain had. It was once the home of robber barons (their family shield, I noticed, depicted a wolf devouring a sheep) but is now a hotel. That night, I sat down to a baronial dinner in a hall with a floor that sloped like a cave's. With some difficulty, the waitress clambered up to my table - laden with venison, dumplings, cranberries and a bottle of castle wine - before sliding back to the kitchen. It was a truly Twainesque evening.
This tour of German fairy tales seemed to end at Bad Wimpfen. Here was Swabia at its most higgledy-piggledy. With its strange gothic towers, all nibbled by lightning, it looked like an early draft of Manhattan. Deep among its cobbled alleys, I found a giant's house (dated 1532), and another only 4ft wide.
Upstream, my final destination, Heilbronn, had not fared so well. In Goethe's day, it had been a "garden city". Then, for a week in April 1945, it had been a mini-Stalingrad, and became a garden of rubble. Now it was a garden of factories. I seemed to spend hours walking through these great allotments of ground-up stone and industry. Heilbronn had produced millions of cars, including, I realised, my own.
Apart from a well-ravaged cathedral, there was only one building Twain would have recognised: the Rathaus, or town hall. It was, he said, "of the quaintest and most picturesque middle-age architecture", and he'd described a portico of life-sized knights, and clockwork angels that blew trumpets through the night. It was almost completely destroyed in 1945 but has since been restored to its original clockwork glory.
I finished this magnificent walk in the restaurant of the Rathaus. What better place to celebrate my own restoration? I was even joined by an old friend: the wild boar - although, this time, he was on a plate, and dressed in a jus of raspberry and port.
· Panther Soup: A European Journey in War and Peace by John Gimlette will be published by Hutchinson on March 6 at £18.99.
Way to go
Getting there
Lufthansa (0871 945 9747, lufthansa.com) flies Heathrow-Stuttgart from £78.42 rtn inc tax. It is then a short train ride to Heidelberg (raileurope.com).
Where to stay
In Heidelberg, the converted duelling hall, Hirschgasse (hirschgasse.com) doubles from €145; the small, family Zum Pfalzgrafen (+49 6221 20489, hotel-zum-pfalzgrafen.de) from €87. Along the river, Hirschhorn Castle (+6272 92090, castle-hotel.de from €105; and Hornberg Castle (burg-hotel-hornberg.de from €110.TweakTown NewsRefine News by Category:
Storage News Index
- Deal of the Day: Western Digital Caviar Green 2.0TB...Daily Tech Deal for April 1, 2010Apr 1, 2010 5:01 am
- OCZ announce fourth-gen PCIe based SSD - Seriously...Just need to ready up the hacksaw on limbs first.Apr 7, 2010 10:10 am
- OCZ introduce SandForce powered Vertex 2 and Agility...Both closing in on 300MB/sec read rates.Apr 9, 2010 9:36 am
- Deal of the Day: Hitachi 1TB SATA-II 7200RPM Hard...Daily Tech Deal for April 13, 2010 #2Apr 14, 2010 2:52 am
- Deal of the Day: Western Digital WD20EARS Caviar Green...Daily Tech Deal for April 19, 2010Apr 19, 2010 6:34 am
- Nine 2TB hard drives thrown into the pit - Who's fastest...Recommended roundup for 2TB HDD buyersApr 20, 2010 6:22 am
- OCZ gets helping hand from ArchBrook Laguna in further...Hitting up TV shopping networks and the likeApr 28, 2010 9:08 am
- Western Digital to refresh Velociraptor series this...Our full review coming very soon!Apr 5, 2010 10:12 am
- Samsung enhances SpinPoint lineup of 2.5-inch HDDs...Claimed 30% performance boost over predecessorsApr 8, 2010 10:32 am
- Sharkoon makes available QuickPort 2.5/3.5-inch SATA...The sort of device you never regret purchasingApr 9, 2010 10:08 am
- Patriot introduce Zephyr series solid state drivesUsing JMicron's latest JMF612 controllerApr 15, 2010 8:22 am
- Samsung first to bring 20-nm NAND Flash to Secure...Cheaper and faster cards on the horizonApr 19, 2010 10:20 am
- Deal of the Day: Newegg - Spring Storage Sale!Daily Tech Deal for April 21, 2010Apr 21, 2010 7:28 am
- Buffalo brings back slot-in mechanism for portable...Ideal partner for burning on the goApr 30, 2010 7:10 am
- Western Digital unleashes new range of Velociraptor...brings SATA 6Gbps support & double capacityApr 6, 2010 12:59 pm
- Super Talent intros new line of entry level SSDs from...8GB? Guess it's ok for XP fans and only $65 U.S.Apr 9, 2010 9:04 am
- OCZ refreshes Colussus 3.5-inch SSD line with LT series...260MB/sec read and write rates up to 1TB capacityApr 12, 2010 7:24 am
- Toshiba unveils new 200GB HDD for automotive useHDD desinged for in-car useApr 15, 2010 5:12 pm
- Corsair give quad-channel performance + outer strength...Combines the best of both worldsApr 20, 2010 5:16 am
- Deal of the Day: 1.5TB Seagate Barracuda 7200.11 ST31500341AS...Daily Tech Deal for April 26, 2010 #2Apr 27, 2010 4:16 amJavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Price:
$1,361.00
Today's Price:
$1,225.00
596201-B21Low Power AMD Opteron processor Model 6128 HE (2.0 GHz, 12 MB L3 Cache, 65W ACP) Two CPU Kit
Last Updated: 5/17/2015
Copyright © 2004-2015 Global One Technology Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Compaq, HP, and Proliant are registeredtrademarks of Hewlett-Packard Company.5 CFR 630.308 - Scheduling of annual leave.
(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this section and §§ 630.310 and 630.311, before annual leave forfeited under 5 U.S.C. 6304 may be considered for restoration under that section, use of the annual leave must have been scheduled in writing before the start of the third biweekly pay period prior to the end of the leave year.
(b) The requirement for advance scheduling of annual leave in paragraph (a) of this section shall not apply to an employee who is covered by 5 U.S.C. 6304(d)(3). When coverage under 5 U.S.C. 6304(d)(3) terminates during a leave year, the employee shall make a reasonable effort to comply with the scheduling requirement in paragraph (a) of this section. The head of the agency or his or her designee may exempt employees from the advance scheduling requirement in paragraph (a) of this section if coverage under 6304(d)(3) terminated during the leave year and the employee was unable to comply with the advance scheduling requirement due to circumstances beyond his or her control.
[59 FR 62973, Dec. 7, 1994; 59 FR 65839, Dec. 21, 1994, as amended at 64 FR 46258, Aug. 25, 1999; 66 FR 55558, Nov. 2, 2001]."I!
- Night of a Billion Reality Stars (Photos)
- Hilary Duff Debuts Post-Baby Bod (Video)
- Pregnant Maggie Gyllenhaal Reveals Gender Of Baby
- Benicio Del Toro
- Kimberly Stewart
- Rod Stewart
- Alana StewartRICHMOND, Va. – Joey Logano took advantage of a three-car battle by sneaking below the trio to take the lead Saturday night, outrunning former champions Matt Kenseth, Jeff Gordon and Brad Keselowski to win at Richmond International Raceway.
Logano’s first victory Series victory.
“That’s the best drive I’ve ever had here. What a crazy finish,” Logano 23-year-old joined Kevin Harvick as the only drivers with more than one victory this season.
Kyle Busch, never in contention all night, rose to finish third, followed by Keselowski and Kenseth.
Kasey Kahne of Enumclaw finished 14th and Greg Biffle of Vancouver, Wash., was 15th.
Kenseth and Keselowski had words after the race, with.
“He probably didn’t make the guys behind him real happy,” Gordon said of Kenseth.
The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times.United States Citizens: Burnt And Hanging From Bridge..
- Chinese Government Cracks Down On Corruption: Executes 13 Muslim Brotherhood Terrorists
- Roman Catholic Church Growing At Faster Rate Than Global Population: 1.229 Billion Baptized Christians!
- 70% Of Alleged Ebola Cases Have Not Been Confirmed: Dr. Margaret Chan At The World Health Organization Also Floated Fraud Stats On The 2009 Swine Flu Debacle.
- Everyday In The USA 2,191Americans Use Their Gun In Self Defense: FBI ~ There Are 32 Guns Purchased Every Minute In The United States..
Barry, Tony, Liz, & Phil
Currently 35 terrorist training camps spread across the USA and run by Sheikh Gilani from PakistanThey are called “Soldiers of Allah” or “Jamaat ul-Fuqra” and are training in your own backyard
- Another Banker Dead: IRAN Executes Rothschild Billionaire On $2.6 Billion Bank Fraud ~ Used Fraudulent Funds To Implement Agenda 21 In Buying State Property.
Some of their most active camps are:
– Mecca Circle, Wayne County, GA
– Islamber, NY (considered their headquarters)
– Holy Islamville, SC (another huge compound and extremely active)
– Baladullah, CA (Huge and also extremely active)
– A new one PA (Wayne County)
– Fairfax, VA
– York, SC
– Hancock, NY
– Deposit, NY
– Springfield, MA
– Philadelphia, PA
– Hyattsville, MD
– Bethany, WV
– Meherrin, VA
– Dover, TN
– Commerce, GA
– Jessup, GA
– Marion, AL
– Talhina, OK
– Houston, TX
– Coldwater, MI
– Buena Vista, CO
– Oak Hill, CA
– Onalska, WA/Jihad Watch.org/..
4 Men Brought Down Capone’s Empire!.
“No one can be a true Muslim and a true American simultaneously.”
—Wafa Sultan (From “A God Who Hates”)!.
- EGYPT Imprisons Obama Muslim Brotherhood: Takes Action Against Terrorist Conspirators Barack Obama & Hillary Clinton!
-!Hi!. , just add selectore for picture_3 as it is when target without :target :)
You should place anchor outside your divs and first in flow in fixed position to have more controls on target ~ div and avoid jumping page.
Uhm, it doesn’t work well.. Please click on 4 and 5 slide now..
i just gave you the idea and advise how to. :) review your markup if you want this javascriptless
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.SUMMER 2008 1 Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey North Carolina Criminal Justice Analysis Center Governor’s Crime Commission SUMMER 2008 Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey A Division of the North Carolina Department of Crime Control and Public Safety SyStemStatS Introduction and Study Rationale The Criminal Justice Analysis Center of the North Carolina Governor’s Crime Commission has investigated and researched the issue of gangs and gang activity in the state since 1998. In that time the Commission has produced numerous reports and provided federal and state funds to local agencies to prevent, intervene and suppress local gangs and their criminal activities. In 2007, the General Assembly requested a comprehensive statewide gang assessment and directed the Commission to study the following policy issues and report its findings and salient recommen-dations back to the legislature by March 15, 2008. Specifically, the Commission was asked to: 1. Assess gang activity in communities known to have gangs, including any connections between gang activity and organized crime. 2. Consult with the Department of Correction to assess gang activity in the state’s prisons. 3. Consult with the Departments of Public Instruction, Justice and Correction on any gang prevention initiatives they have in place or have administered in the past. 4. Summarize significant gang prevention, intervention and suppression programs that have been administered by local law enforce-ment, state agencies, local governments and community- based organizations and evaluate those programs for effectiveness. 5. Review accepted best practices in gang prevention and evaluate whether or not increasing penalties will mitigate gang activity. 6. Project the growth of gang activity over the next five years and identify the locations where that growth is expected to occur. 7. Provide recommendations on ways to use state and local resources to improve the effectiveness of future gang prevention initiatives. Methodology Numerous strategies or methodologies were used to sufficiently address all of the study directives. First, the Commission’s prior gang survey instruments were updated to include general information on the nature and extent of gang activity as well as questions regarding the types of gang programs within the respondent’s jurisdiction. More specific questions were asked to capture data on each active gang including known affiliation or relationship with other gangs and organized criminal groups, the number of active members and the demographic composition of the gang, leadership, types of criminal activity and other identifying attributes. Surveys were mailed to all local law enforcement agencies in North Carolina including 100 sheriffs’ offices and 400 police departments. The goal was to obtain at least one response from each of the state’s 100 counties in order to portray a true statewide assessment of gangs and their related activities across the state. Data from the National Drug Intelligence Center were also analyzed and incorporated in an effort to supplement survey results and provide a more valid and complete snapshot of gangs across the state. 2 SyStemStatS Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey Results A total of 161 surveys were completed and returned by staff from local police departments and sheriffs’ offices for a response rate of 32 percent. These 161 agencies are located in 75 of the state’s 100 counties. Public outcry is often fueled by a lack of understanding of the problem . Media, government officials and law enforcement must offer an accurate picture of the scope of the gang problem. Definitions of a Gang The first problem is defining what a gang is and who counts as a gang member. The National Youth Gang Center survey asks law enforcement personnel to identify youth gangs as “ a group of youths or young adults in your jurisdiction that you or other responsible persons in your agency or community are willing to identify as a gang” ( NYGC, 2007). Such a definition lacks objective criteria and subjects itself severely to personal opinion and an overestimation of numbers. Law enforcement personnel may, or may not, include groups such as prison and motorcycle gangs, hate groups, and any number of unsupervised teen groups. Even with a variety of legitimate gang types, most communities with gang problems intend to focus on youth street gangs, whether they define them as such or not. North Carolina researchers Frabutt and Buford ( 2006) conclude that a gang “ is a group or association of three or more persons who may have a name and who individually or collectively engage in, or have engaged in, criminal activity which creates an atmosphere of fear and intimidation.” In spite of any disagreement amongst researchers, there must at least be agreement within communities so agencies can work together to properly target gang members. Ideally, a common definition should be agreed upon statewide for better longitudinal program comparisons, as well as cross- implementation of effective programs. A clear definition also allows for more consistent data collection. Problems with definitions and data have caused past programs to either over or under- report results, thus further obscuring the effectiveness of the program as well. For the purposes of this study, the definition of “ gang” includes not only the criminal street gangs most commonly identified in media, but also motorcycle gangs, white supremacists and other hate groups. The Rise in Gangs, Gang Membership and Gang- Related Crimes Has there been an increase in gangs, membership and gang crime? There is no short answer to this question; likewise there is little empirical evidence to indicate a rise in any of the three. To the contrary, some national studies indicate that the numbers of gang members is declining. In North Carolina, the largest increases can be shown in Hispanic/ Latino gang membership; however, this is slightly down over the past three years. Some of the contributing factors that drive the impression that gangs are increasing include: 1. Too many years of denial. A decade ago, when the first Governor’s Crime Commission gang study was conducted, it was apparent that most jurisdictions denied there was any type of gang problem in their communities; however they did acknowledge a gang presence. We suggested at that time to “ deny the denial” and acknowledge the presence of gangs in our state’s communities. 2. Increases in acceptance of gangs as a problem. More recently communities have acknowledged that gang activities are problems in some areas. Law enforcement agencies formed “ gang units” and trained officers to recognize gang- related activities. With these newly trained officers came an awareness of the extent of the problem so long ignored. This does not constitute a growth, but rather a recognition of what already existed. 3. Heightened awareness has increased the public’s sensitivity to gang- related activities. Through the North Carolina Gang Investigator’s Association a new network of well trained officers was formed to aid neighboring communities and help them recognize the presence of gangs in their SUMMER 2008 3 Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey communities. Members of this organization also provide community awareness presentations and provide news media with information on gang activities. 4. Governor’s Crime Commission ( GCC) studies and other studies of gangs in North Carolina have increasingly been afforded better responses from law enforcement on gang activities as their knowledge and willingness to acknowledge gangs in their communities has grown. This increased willingness to share information provides new figures on the levels of gang presence in the state thus adding to the aggregate numbers published. 5. Specialized gang units provide better intelligence. Once thought of as a bunch of kids acting out and not deserving of law enforcement tracking, gangs and gang members are now documented. This allows law enforcement agencies to have a general count of gangs, gang members and their affiliates’ activities. As recent as five years ago, many law enforcement agencies ( Raleigh and Charlotte included) had little or no data on the gangs and gang members in their jurisdictions. Today, these and many other agencies are actively collecting intelligence data and entering this information into NC GangNet. 6. Media reports the number of gangs but may not explain what the numbers mean. Few dispute that gangs and gang membership are being more accurately counted and followed today; however, without considering baseline information, it is inappropriate to report that gangs are on the rise. In most jurisdictions gang- related crimes account for a very small portion of crimes. While it is true there are tendencies toward violence and drug related crimes, this is far from overwhelming the criminal justice system. 7. Results of the five year follow- up survey released by the GCC in 2005 indicated a dramatic increase in Hispanic gang membership. This occurred along with a rapid rise in the total Hispanic population in the state. The GCC and the National Drug Crime Intelligence Center both released studies on the Hispanic gang membership within North Carolina within two months of each other. These two studies provided much of the same information. With the rise in this population and the degree of anger that immigration issues generate, it is likely that Hispanic gang activities are magnified to some extent. However, there is a disproportionate level of gang membership among this population. 8. Until consistent records are maintained on what constitutes a gang- related crime, it remains unclear that there has been a rise in such crimes. Some count a crime if it is committed to further the gang as gang- related, while others would also include a crime committed by a gang member even if the crime had nothing to do with furthering the gang and its activities. A report on gang crime by the Justice Policy Institute ( Greene and Pranis, 2007) indicates that only a fraction of crimes committed in any jurisdiction would be gang- related and that recognizing this should be a barometer for determining a need for ordinances and laws aimed at gang- related crime. The first step would be a uniform definition of what would constitute a gang-related crime. The Current Gang Situation in North Carolina and Where Gangs are Located The number of gangs and gang members reported in the current survey is not a definitive and exact count and should not be misconstrued as representing a precise picture of gangs across the entire state. Data from the recent GCC survey provide a snapshot of gangs and gang members drawn from those agencies who responded to the survey and were able to provide data on the number of gangs and gang members within their respective jurisdictions. Caution should be exercised when comparing the results of this survey with prior survey data as any increases, or decreases, in the number of gangs and gang members could be attributable to a host of factors. These factors include an increase or decrease in the actual or true number of gangs and gang members as a result of successful prevention, 4 SyStemStatS Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey intervention and suppression activities. A heightened awareness on the part of law enforcement, stricter reporting or validation criteria for describing an individual as a gang member and differing response rates across numerous surveys and survey periods can also adversely affect comparisons. As part of the law enforcement survey, respondents were asked how many gangs are currently active in their respective communities. For this particular question the respondents were not provided with any specific definition of what constitutes a gang; i. e. they were free to use local definitions or define gangs in any manner that suited their particular viewpoints or met their agency’s definitional criteria. The number of gangs and gang members reported in the current survey is not a definitive and exact count and should not be misconstrued as representing a precise picture of gangs across the entire state. Of the 161 responding agencies 128, or 80 percent, reported that one or more gangs were currently active in their jurisdictions. The number of active gangs ranged from one to 219 with an average of 11 different gangs per jurisdiction. Fifty percent of these agencies reported more than four active gangs and 50 percent reported fewer than four gangs. Across the entire sample a total of 1,446 gangs were reported in 64 counties. 1 While 1,446 gangs were identified by respondents, only 550 of these groups met the study criteria for being defined as a gang. The over reporting of 896 groups as gangs provides some concern in the validity of having no uniform definition of �� gang.” Additional questions asked respondents to provide detailed information about each active gang in their jurisdiction including demographics, types of criminal activity, the extent of organizational complexity, identifying features as well as the number of gang members. Of the 1,446 identified gangs, detailed information was provided for 766 distinct groups. To be consistent with the Commission’s prior gang research and to enhance study reliability and validity a three pronged gang definition was adopted and derived based upon prior gang research as conducted by Malcolm Klein ( 1995). Klein’s definition includes the following: a gang is 1) a group of three or more individuals with 2) a unique name and other identifying attributes who 3) demonstrate a commitment to crime as evidenced by prior and/ or current substantiated criminal activity. Eliminating gangs that did not meet all three criteria reduced the number to 550 gangs across 62 counties. The number of gangs reported that met this definition ranged from one to 54 with the average county having nine gangs ( Figure 1). Figure 1: Number of Reported Gangs No Available Data 1- 9 10- 19 20- 29 30- 39 40+ SUMMER 2008 5 Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey Combined these 550 gangs have a total of 14,500 members with the average gang consisting of 26 members ( Figure 2). 2,3 It should be noted that 62 percent of the data on the number of members in each gang was based on law enforcement estimates while 38 percent of the information was derived from validated intelligence counts. Once GangNet becomes fully operational, more reliable and valid data will be available for assessing the number of gangs and gang members. Contrasted with the original 1999 GCC survey, which found an average gang size of 16 members, this finding suggests that either gangs are growing in size and/ or law enforcement has expanded their definition of what constitutes a gang member to include those individuals that are on the fringe or peripheral boundaries of joining a gang; i. e. “ wannabees.” On February 19, 2008 there were 436 validated gangs in NC GangNet. Of these, 407 were what is currently being classified as a criminal youth gang. The remaining 29 were outlaw motorcycle gangs and white supremacist hate groups. Again, utilizing the strict validation criteria built into the NC GangNet system, it can be more accurately determined that the number of groups that will meet the definition of criminal gang is far less than the aggregate reported in the GCC law enforcement survey. While NC GangNet numbers are less salacious, they are validated against a uniform defined set of criteria. Conversely, more agencies may be employing validation techniques and consequently are identifying more true members than in years past. Weisel and Shelley ( 2004) note it could be a matter of greater attention being directed to the issue of gangs with more agencies reporting and counting gangs than in the past. The following section delineates a detailed profile of these 550 gangs and 14,500 members with an emphasis on identifying patterns of criminal activity, the demographic attributes of gang members, the extent of organizational complexity and their relationship to other gangs and criminal organizations. Distinguishing Features of North Carolina’s Gangs The amount of time that these gangs have been active in the community ranged from less than one month to a high of 20 years with the average gang in North Carolina having been in existence for about three years. While three- fourths of the gangs reported in the survey did not meet the strict definitional criteria of being a gang, these groups should be monitored and intelligence maintained on their activities in the event they do cross the threshold and become a criminal gang. This again reinforces the need for a uniform definition of what constitutes a gang. NC GangNet provides what is likely the best tool in forcing gang validation when the information is entered into the database. Figure 2: Number of Reported Gang Members No Available Data 3- 74 75- 149 150- 224 225- 299 300+ 6 SyStemStatS Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey Figure 3 below illustrates the differences between what is reported as a gang and what has been validated as a gang. of state gangs while 17 gangs were identified as being connected to three other larger or out of state groups. Of the 161 respondents 116 were able to provide information regarding the extent to which the gangs in their jurisdictions possessed ties to organized crime groups. Nearly one- half answered that some of their gangs do indeed interact with other organized crime groups. Contrasted with the National Alliance of Gang Investigators Associations’ 2005 survey, this percentage is substantially higher than the national average of 26 percent. As Figure 4 reveals these connections were reported in 39 counties. The exact type of organized crime groups and the nature and extent of these connections were not reported. However existing literature and research from this study suggest that the majority of these interactions probably involve other gangs as opposed to traditional Mafia- type organizations. In a prior study conducted by the Criminal Justice Analysis Center on Hispanic gangs, 77 percent of the identified gangs purportedly had connections with other gangs outside of their home jurisdictions ( Rhyne and Yearwood, 2005). However, gang connections with Mexican drug traffickers have been exposed as well as connections with Asian and Russian organized crime syndicates across the country and in the south ( National Alliance of Gang Investigators Associations, 2005). Respondents were asked to provide information concerning the extent to which their respective gangs possessed ties with other out- of- state groups or with larger organized gangs. Nearly 82 percent, or 449 gangs, were reputed to have links with larger groups or with gangs outside of the state. Of those, 134 gangs were purported to have primary ties with other Blood sets and 76 gangs were reported as being connected to other Crip sets. Ties with other Hispanic gangs were also reported with 96 gangs being connected in this manner. Seventy- five gangs had ties with two larger or out Figure 3: Current Gangs in North Carolina Number of Gangs Figure 4: Reported Gang/ Organized Crime Connection Counties shaded in blue indicate a gang connection with organized crime. 1,446 550 436 0 400 800 1200 1600 Reported on Survey Applying GCC Definition Validated in NC GangNet SUMMER 2008 7 Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey National research indicates that 26 percent of criminal gangs are found to have ties to larger crime syndicates such as the Crips or Bloods in California, Latin Kings in New York, Gangster Disciples in Chicago or national affiliation with MS13 or the Hell’s Angels. This research indicated that North Carolina law enforcement assume that 48 percent of gangs have affiliations with other organized groups. This divergence from the national data concerns the GCC researchers. However, given the link analysis capabilities of GangNet, the GCC believes that future estimates of gang ties and affiliations will be more precise. How do Gangs Disseminate Their Message? Thirty- two percent, or 164 gangs, maintain a web based presence either through such providers as Yahoo, AOL or MySpace, or have their own Internet websites. Demographic Features of Gangs in North Carolina Gangs continue to be highly skewed along gender lines with 361 of the 550 gangs having an all male membership. Eleven all female gangs were reported with the remaining gangs having both male and female members. The percentage of mixed gangs dropped slightly from the 2004 survey findings. In North Carolina, gang members are mostly male, disproportionately minority, with members generally between 13 to 20 years of age. The percentage of African- American gangs experienced the greatest increase rising from 33 percent of the total in 2004, to 49 percent of the current sample. However, there was a drop in the percentage of Hispanic gangs from 28 percent to 20 percent. Mixed racial/ ethnic gangs dropped slightly from 22 percent to 20 percent. Slight declines also occurred for the Caucasian, Asian and Native American gangs. Gang members ranged from six to 70 years old; the average age of the youngest member was 15 and the average age of the oldest member was 27. The most frequently reported age of the youngest member was 15 and the most frequently reported age of the oldest member was 25. Of the 520 gangs for which age data were available 30 gangs, or about 6 percent, were exclusively youth gangs. Figure 6: Gang Composition by Race and Ethnicity Figure 5: Gang Membership by Gender Percent Race/ Ethnicity Percent 60% 66% 2% 2% 38% 32% 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 Male Female Mixed 2004 2007 33% 49% 12% 9% 28% 20% 5% 2% 22% 20% 0 10 20 30 40 50 African- American Caucasian Hispanic Other Mixed 2004 2007 8 SyStemStatS Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey While the organizational structure of the reported gangs varied, 73 percent were described as having an organized leadership hierarchy compared to only 48 percent of those gangs reported in 2004. Figure 7 documents the type of criminal activities that were associated with the 550 reported gangs. The most commonly reported crime was drug possession ( 65 percent) followed by vandalism ( 62 percent), assaults ( 58 percent) and weapons related offenses ( 53 percent). Only a few gangs were involved with sexual assault and motor vehicle theft. Similarly, there were only a few incidences of financial crime, trespassing, intimidation, arson, armed robbery and kidnapping. North Carolina gangs have some level of organizational hierarchy, but are generally less structured than some of the traditional gangs as in California or Chicago. Some gang experts feel that this lack of strong formal organization lends itself to infighting and violent crimes by members wishing to prove themselves to gain status. It is important to note that criminal activities vary by gang member and gangs as a whole. Not all gang members offend at equal rates, indeed many gang members never commit criminal acts. Likewise, some gangs can be held accountable for a large proportion of crime while similar gangs, in other locations, will only be accountable for a Figure 7: 2007 Criminal Activity Drugs and Property Crimes Violent Crimes 65% 40% 13% 30% 48% 62% 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 Drug Possession Drug Trafficking Auto Theft B& E Larceny Vandalism 13% 6% 58% 53% 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 Murder Sexual Assault Assaults Weapons Crime Percent Percent Figure 8: Severity of Gang Crimes 18.4- 26.9 27+ No Available Data 1- 9.8 9.9- 18.3 SUMMER 2008 9 Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey smaller proportion of the total crime. The typical gang is loosely organized with membership constantly in flux and engages in cafeteria style crime – a little bit of drug using and selling, some vandalism, a smattering of larceny with an occasional assault or two on the side ( Papachristos, 2005). A severity of crime index was created to compare the seriousness of the gangs’ criminal activities across those counties that reported a gang presence. Each of the ten crimes listed below was assigned a numerical ranking, based on its severity ( Refer to Table 1). A cumulative score was calculated for each gang with these scores being aggregated and averaged by county. For example: a gang that was reported to have been involved with murder and drug trafficking scored 16. Meanwhile, a second gang in the county was only associated with breaking and entering— thus scoring four. Therefore, the average gang severity score for this county would be 10. The higher the average score, the more severe the gang criminality is in that particular county. It should be noted that this only measures crime severity and not crime prevalence or the frequency at which gangs commit crime. The average gang crime severity score ranged from one to 27 with an average of 18.3. Thirty-three counties, or 53 percent, had severity scores at or below the group average while the remaining 29 counties ( 47 percent) had an average severity score greater than the sample average of 18.3 ( Figure 8). Table 1: Severity of Crime Score Rankings 2007 Data Criminal Offense Assigned Score or Ranking Murder 10 Sexual Assault 9 Assault 8 Weapon Offenses 7 Drug Trafficking 6 Drug Possession & Sales 5 Breaking and Entering 4 Auto Theft 3 Larceny 2 Vandalism 1 Law Enforcement Response to the Gang Situation in North Carolina Eighty- seven percent of the respondents acknowledged a gang presence within their respective jurisdictions. Compared to the prior studies conducted by the Criminal Justice Analysis Center, the percentage of agencies officially acknowledging a gang presence has doubled since the original 1999 study in which only 43 percent acknowledged a gang presence. Slightly more than one- half of the agencies acknowledged that gangs had been present for one to three years while only 12 percent reported gangs as a long standing issue ( Refer to Figure 9). Fifty- eight ( 38 percent) respondents noted that their agencies currently have operational gang units with the number of assigned officers ranging from one to 14 with the typical gang unit possessing three officers. More than three- quarters ( 79 percent) of the respondents reported that these officers have received specialized training for identifying gangs and for intervening in their criminal activities. The data indicates that the number of law enforcement agencies with established gang units has risen since 2004, when only 15 percent of the responding agencies had such units. Findings from the original 1999 study reveal that less than 10 percent of the responding agencies had gang units nine years ago. Figure 9: Length of Time Acknowledging a Gang Number of Years 13 54 21 12 0 10 20 30 40 50 60 Less than 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years More than 5 years 10 SyStemStatS Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey The number of reported specialized gang units within North Carolina’s police departments and sheriff’s offices has increased dramatically over the past decade, from 12 in 1999 to 86 in the 2007 survey. With this rise is an accompanying rise in the number of gangs and gang members where intelligence information is being documented. As these units populate the GangNet database with validated intelligence, future assessments of gang membership and activities within the state will be more accurate. 12 32 86 0 20 40 60 80 100 1999 2004 2007 Figure 10: Number of Reported Law Enforcement Gang Units, 1999- 1997 Number of Units. Footnotes 1. The Mecklenburg County Sheriff’s Office reported 100 active gangs; however, given the fact that this agency does not provide law enforcement or patrol coverage it is plausible that these gangs were also included in the number reported by the Charlotte- Mecklenburg Police Department. Thus in order to avoid duplication these gangs should be removed leaving a statewide total of 1,346. Similarly, the Gastonia Police Department reported 25 gangs with the Gaston County Sheriff’s Office reporting 30. Removing 25 to avoid possible duplication leaves a remaining total of 1,321. 2. Twenty- five cases existed in which a sheriff’s office reported a gang with the same name as reported by the city police department. Is this one gang or two separate gangs? For the purpose of this analysis these were managed as two different gangs with one operating in the city and one operating outside of the city limits.. For a copy of the full report, A Comprehensive Assessment of Gangs in North Carolina, visit www. ncgccd. org/ pubs/ gangs2008. pdf Prepared by Douglas Yearwood and Richard Hayes North Carolina Criminal Justice Analysis Center SUMMER 2008 11 Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey SyStemStatS A Publication of the Governor’s Crime Commission Department of Crime Control and Public Safety ( 919) 733- 4564 http:// www. ncgccd. org Michael F. Easley Bryan E. Beatty Linda W. Hayes Governor Secretary Chair, Governor’s Crime Commission David Jones Gwendolyn Burrell Douglas Yearwood Executive Director Deputy Director Analysis Center Director Richard Hayes Justin Davis Senior Research Analyst Social/ Clinical Research Specialist Karen Jayson Yu Li Hsu Social/ Clinical Research Specialist Research Assistant References Frabutt, J. M. & Buford, A. ( 2006). What you should know about youth gangs in North Carolina. Retrieved October 18, 2007, from http:// ssw. unc. edu/ fcrp/ fp/ fp_ v10n2/ gangs. htm Greene, J., Pranis, K. ( 2007, July). Gang wars: The failure of enforcement tactics and the need for effective public safety strategies. Justice Policy Institute. Klein, M. ( 1995). The American street gang: Its nature, prevalence, and control. New York, NY: Oxford University Press. National Alliance of Gang Investigators Associations. ( 2005). 2005: National gang threat assessment. Retrieved November 6, 2007, from http:// www. ncgangcops. org/ downloads/ 2005_ threat_ assesment. pdf National Drug Intelligence Center. ( 2007). Unpublished draft on gang/ organized crime connection in North Carolina. Johnstown, PA: United States Department of Justice. National Youth Gang Center. ( 2007). National youth gang survey analysis. Institute for Intergovernmental Research. Retrieved August 30, 2007, from http:// www. iir. com/ nygc/ nygsa/ methodology. htm Papachristos, A. V. ( 2005). Interpreting inkblots: Deciphering and doing something about modern street gangs. Criminology & Public Policy, 4 ( 3), 643- 652. Rhyne, A., & Yearwood, D. L. ( 2005). The nature and scope of Hispanic/ Latino gangs in North Carolina. Retrieved November 6, 2007 from http:// www. ncgccd. org/ pdfs/ pubs/ HispanicGangs. pdf Weisel, D. L. & Shelley, T. O. ( 2004). Specialized gang units: Form and function in community policing. Final Report to the National Institute of Justice. Washington, DC: U. S. Department of Justice, National Institute of Justice. Yearwood, D. L. & Hayes, R. ( 2000). Perceptions of youth crime and youth gangs: A statewide systemic investigation. Retrieved September 7, 2007, from http:// www. ncgccd. org/ Gangstudy. htm 12 SyStemStatS Gangs in North Carolina: A Summary of the Law Enforcement Survey North Carolina Governor’s Crime Commission 1201 Front Street, Suite 200 Raleigh, North Carolina 27609 & Public Safety Judge J. B. Allen, Jr. Superintendent June Atkinson Ms. Robin Baker Secretary Theodis Beck Senior Resident Superior Court Judge Department of Public Instruction Program Coordinator Department of Correction Mr. Boyd Bennett, Director Secretary Dempsey Benton Mr. Howard Boney Judge Joseph Buckner Division of Prisons, DOC Dept. of Health & Human Services District Attorney Chief District Court Judge Sheriff Steve W. Bunn Sheriff E. R. “ Moose” Butler Mr. Seth W. Chapman Judge J. C. Cole Bladen County Sheriff’s Office Cumberland Co. Sheriff’s Office Clerk of Court District Court Judge Attorney General Roy Cooper Chief Francis D’Ambra, Jr Larry Dix, Asst. Secretary Ms. Kathy Dudley, Asst. Secretary Department of Justice Manteo Police Department JJDP Program Services West JJDP Program Services East Mayor James K. Festerman Ms. Carrah B. Franke Mr. Robert Guy, Director Representative R. Phillip Haire Reidsville Youth Member Division of Community Corrections, DOC N. C. House of Representatives Sheriff Worth L. Hill Ms. Jean Irvin Dr. Robin Jenkins Senator Ed Jones Durham County Sheriff���s Office Private Juvenile Jus. Program Cumberland Co. CommuniCare, Inc. North Carolina State Senate Mayor Bobby Kilgore Sheriff James L. Knight Ms. Rita Anita Linger Chief Tom Moss Monroe Edgecombe Co. Sheriff’s Office NC Coalition Against Domestic Violence Garner Police Department Chief Justice Sarah E. Parker Ms. Robin Pendergraft, Director Ms. Sandra Lynn Reid Ms. Sharon Sadler North Carolina Supreme Court State Bureau of Investigation Knowledegable of Juveniles Hyde County Clerk of Superior Court Capt. J. Wayne Sears Det. Crystal Lynn Sharpe Senator John J. Snow Mr. William H. Stanley Rocky Mount Police Department Graham Police Department North Carolina State Senate Buncombe County Official Secretary George L. Sweat Ms. Charlaine Sybart Judge Albert Thomas, Jr. Judge Ralph A. Walker, Director Juvenile Justice & Delinquency Prevention Youth Member Wilson Administrative Office of the Courts Representative Michael H. Wray N. C. House of Representatives Commission Members as of June 5, 2008 The printing of this document was supported under grant number 2005- DJ- BX- 0402, as awarded by the Bureau of Justice Statistics, Office of Justice Programs, U. S. Department of Justice. The opinions and findings presented in this publication are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the U. S. Department of Justice. This document was printed at a cost of $ 1,395.74 or $ 1.40 per copy for 1,000 copies.Sam Olatunji Ale, Benjamin Oyediran Oyelami, Maligie S. Sesay
Abstract:
In this paper, we present impulsive analogues of the Gronwall-Bellman inequalities. Conditions for the existence of maximal solutions of some integrodifferential equations are obtained by finding upper bounds for these inequalities. Using monotone iterative techniques and a fixed point theorem, we obtained a priori estimates for the inequalities.
Submitted February 7, 2005. Published June 23,2005.
Math Subject Classifications: 34A37.
Key Words: Strict set contraction; monotone iterations techniques; measure of non-compactness; maximal solutions
Show me the PDF file (227K), TEX file, and other files for this article.
Return to the EJDE web pageName : Ice Age Village Hack Tool
Size : 618 KB
Format : Rar
Processor : Windows &Mac Os X
Features : Cons, Acrons
Price : Free For A Limited Time
Ice Age Village Hack Tool
Ice Age Village Hack Tool allows you to generate up to 100.000 cons and 100 acrons each time you use our it. You can generate as much sources as you wish with our simple cheating pack.
It works just like cheat engine but it saves your time and effort. Because you don't have to struggle with codes or any other technical stuff. Here are the instructions you need to follow;
- First of all; connect your IOS device to your computer with your USB cable.
- Let the iTunes run and then you can close it.
- When you see the charging screen on your device, that means you successfully connected your device and your computer.
- Now Run Ice Age Village Hack Tool.
- Click "Approve Connection" button.
- When you see "You are successfully connected to your iOs device" message, run Ice Age Village game on your IOS device.
- Finally, enter your desired amount of sources and click "Add Now" button.
That'll be all. You are now free to add best and cutest companions, funniest animals and other unique items. You can expand your village as much as you want. But remember; don't use Ice Age Village Hack tool more than 3 times a day. This will cause our tool to be avoided by Gameloft.
In order to download Ice Age Village.
hey that was incredible thanks :)And why have I not been?
Certainly I have not been at a loss for words. Perish the thought. Indeed, there are too many, as usual. But I am at a loss for discipline. For narrative direction. And without that, any extended tale becomes a jumble, a mucky tidal flat of vapid speculation, dotted with abandoned hulks of pointless blather.
A banal vision of rusty ruin, in other words. A low-rent Ragnarok. Gee, I'd like to avoid that. Wouldn't you?
And so I have been silent. It beats becoming a navel-gazing blabbermouth. But not by much.
When disaster strikes someone close to you, it changes their life. But it also changes yours. In fact, no one will escape some effect, from family and friends to the hospital staff to the usual hordes of imperfect strangers. On and on, in widening ripples of feckless fate. If you are reading this, that includes you.
Welcome to my metaphoric ripple. The boom will now shift as we jibe and bear away. Remember to duck. Ouch. Sorry about that.
Mike is recovering more or less on schedule. He is seeing the orthopedic surgeon today in hopes of gaining permission to remove the cast on his arm. He is still being fed through a tube until his swallow improves, but there is improvement. His memory is now pretty much intact, both short and long term. His mind seems entirely back, but he is bored out of it, and sick unto death with being helpless.
Getting his arm and leg free will, I hope, start a cascade of improvement. He will be able to get himself out of bed, and go to the bathroom without humiliating assistance. He will be able to move his wheel chair by himself. He will begin to walk. That exercise will improve his attitude and general fitness, and strength will flow from strength.
That is the plan.
There is a spot of worry about his eyes not focusing together. He can see reasonably well out of either of them, but not together. They track separately, and this results in double vision.
Barney Google, with the goo-goo-googly eyes.
Barney Google, with the goo-goo-googly eyes.
He has an appointment with a neurologist specializing in opthalmology to see what can be done about that. Until then he has no depth perception to speak of, and tends to interpolate the edges of things erroneously.
So. First, mobility. Then learn to swallow positively enough that the epiglottis firmly covers the windpipe, and thus regain the ability to feed himself. I expect the next two weeks to be about that. Then maybe getting him out of that neck collar. Then we will deal with his vision.
He has disability pay until the middle of February. Things could be worse.
As for me, I can't see any prospect of travel before next summer. And I may sell the Beast.
This morning, I discovered that the City has slapped an impound sticker on my motorcycle trailer. It has been parked illegally in front of my house since Mike's accident. So right now I'm going to go move it over to his back yard. I'm surprised it took this long for the bureaucrats to swing into action. Perhaps they have been distracted by more important matters.
Bob, who had more to say than he thought. Maybe that will happen again tomorrow.
2 comments:
good to hear (read) from you Bob, i continue to keep you & Mike in thought & prayer - in the absence of travel, this ordeal has you on quite the trip...
-Dan
It is nice to hear your brother is improving.Southwestern Public Service residential customers in Texas will be paying almost 10 percent more in base rates by January.
The Texas Public Utility Commission filed a final order Friday approving a settlement that raised rates in February and will raise them again in January between the utility (a division of Xcel Energy), the representative of cities served and other customers. The two steps will result in $52.5 million more annually for the utility.
Fuel costs, which the company passes on to customers without adding a profit, were not part of the order.
Commissioners approved a permanent increase of $39.4 million per year that started Feb. 16 on a temporary basis and an increase of $13.1 million to begin in January. They also approved $2.5 million in costs for going through the rate case. Of that, $342,477.67 represents reimbursable expenses incurred by the Alliance of Xcel Municipalities, which represents cities like Amarillo that are served by Southwestern Public Service.
The order allows the company to pass costs for legal and professional services in the case to customers over three years.
Residential bills will go up by an average of $7 a month for service after Feb. 16. The increase will be another $2.51 in January, company filings said.
The company originally asked for an increase of $63.7 million or 19 percent.
The changes are intended to help pay for increased capacity and reliability of local transmission and distribution facilities and other costs of service. They should put the utility's rate of return on investment at 10 percent, which is comparable to the return for other utilities in Texas, said commission spokesman Terry Hadley.
Letter: Debt could be in Amarillo's future | Comments: 1The Spotify Sgt. Pepper’s Challenge
Ok, so I know I just did one of these but it was a pretty beautiful way to waste a lot of time on Spotify, so I quickly ran off to do another one. Admittedly I tried to do Neil Young’s Harvest first but completely failed to come up with the whole album, although I did get 6 out of the 10 tracks if you wanna check it out here.
So I went with something much much easier. Like almost ridiculously easy. Nearly every song on Sergeant Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band has been covered by about 100,000,0001 people – give or take. To be honest I should’ve just copy/pasted the entire Easy Star’s Lonely Heart Dub Band album. U Roy doing ‘Lovely Rita’ or Matisyahu’s ‘Within You Without You’? Yeah you need to check it out.
But in the end, I picked out some of the best covers for the challenge including Elton John’s ‘Lucy In The Sky…’, Syreeta’s ‘She’s Leaving Home’, an odd Bill Cosby version of the title track and, because it’s one of my faves, two ‘A Day In The Life’ recordings – Jose Feliciano and Eric Burdon & War. Click the album cover for the link!Autumn Olive berry pancake topping
December 31, 2010
0
Servings:1 or 2 servings.
Ingredients:
1 cup autumn olives, mashed
3 tablespoon agave nectar, honey, or maple syrup if you are a Vermonter like me "lol", yummy!
Preparation:
pick the berries
mash them with a fork or with your fingers, lol!
mix the syrup with them
makes a good topping with raw pancakes, seeds are edible
1 response to "Autumn Olive berry pancake topping"
1.
I used to pick and eat these when I was a kid. We called them choke cherries!They feel bad, so they found you these other deals to make up for it.
Select Local Merchants
- Casa LariosRead MoreFor marinated meat that's hard to beat, try Casa Larios' Cuban cuisine. Gluten-free and low-fat eaters will enjoy the menu at Casa Larios. Complete your meal with the perfect glass of wine or beer from Casa Larios' drink list. Tots are more than welcome to dine with their parents at Casa Larios. Bask in the sun (or moon!) light when you dine on Casa Larios' outdoor patio. Whether it's just you and a date or you're bringing the whole gang, it's best to call ahead and make a reservation. No need to dress up for a trip to Casa Larios — the casual restaurant encourages laid-back attire. Impress the diners at your next gathering by calling in Casa Larios for catering. Or, take your food to go. There's nearby street parking available as well as a valet service. Casa Larios offers various parking options, including bike parking. A visit to Casa Larios will set you back less than $30 per person, so you can make it a regular part of your schedule. The dinner menu is a crowd pleaser at the restaurant, though breakfast and lunch are also served.5859 SW 73rd StSouth Miami, FL US
- Area Stage CompanyRead MoreLauded.1560 S Dixie Hwy.Coral Gables, d?cor.1245 Dauer Dr.Coral Gables, FL US.
1. Career progression
Theoretically, more opportunities for career progression exist in larger companies than in SMEs, simply because there are more positions available in large companies. Large companies with a committed human resource department would also see to it that your growth is clearly charted, so there is greater predictability with regards to your career development.
Nevertheless, you might get promoted more frequently in an SME, especially if the company is doing well and expanding rapidly. It is often the case that you’d have more opportunities to prove your worth in a small company, and this in turn would lead to faster career advancement. In contrast, you’re likely to end up as no more than a mere cog in a vast machine when working for a large company. You’d have to be a very bright star in order to get noticed, much less get promoted.
Even though it might look good to have worked for a Fortune 500 company, recruiters are trained to see past the gloss and look for substantial experience instead. Regardless of where you go, the quality of your work experience counts a lot more than the job title or the company name.
2. Personal growth and development
Well defined – even rigid – job roles in larger companies give less flexibility and opportunities to display personal initiative. Entrenched protocol and work processes also mean there is less room to work according to your own style.
In an SME however, the job definitions tend to be looser, and there is usually more openness between different departments. In other words, you are more likely to have opportunities to try different things. If you’re a recent graduate or a young professional who is still unsure about your career goals, this could be your chance to try various options before settling on one career direction.
Loose arrangements are not without drawbacks however – it could mean that you’d end up doing loads of routine, boring work that no one else wants to do. Formal processes arise in large companies mainly because of the need to co ordinate the work of hundreds, if not thousands, of employees. They are designed to ensure a high degree of accountability, i.e. that everyone does what they’re supposed to do. Not more, not less. Strict defi nitions of job roles are not usually prevalent in smaller companies.
3. Employment stability
There is a deep rooted perception that working for an established MNC gives you more stable employment than an SME. The smaller company may, after all, fold over overnight.
But that’s not really the case any more. High profile retrenchments of thousands of workers have become a norm in recent years. Japanese and American MNCs frequently downsize in order to trim their operating costs. Some have even left Singapore for cheaper labour overseas. Globalisation and technology has led to greater fluidity in the job market all over the world, especially in the developed economies. Jobs are no longer as secure as they used to be.
This is reflected in the rise of contract employment at many MNCs. Landing a permanent job in an MNC is much more challenging than before. So, ironically enough, you might actually fi nd greater job security in a small company than in large one, particularly if you possess specialised skills that are hard to replace.
4. Remuneration and benefits
With larger revenue streams, MNCs can afford to give higher pay and provide more extensive benefits than smaller companies, where human resources might represent a signifi cant cost. Bigger companies also have the power to negotiate better perks like gym memberships, recreational facilities, or even provide them on their own premises.
However, with talent always in demand, SMEs have learnt to pay competitive remuneration to recruit the right people, so the difference in wages might not be as great as you’d think. This is increasingly the case because of the wage restructuring measures recommended by the National Wage Council (NWC). A larger part of remuneration is now tied to an employee’s performance.
5. Nature of profession or industry
Some industries tend to be dominated by smaller companies. These include the media, advertising and IT industries. Doctors and lawyers are two professions that usually start small practices as well.
These industries and professions all have one thing in common – the practitioners in these fields possess highly specialised knowledge that makes it possible for them to build an entire business around their expertise. More often than not, these companies are small start-ups, and they can be very rewarding places to work in, especially if you’re keen to work at the cutting-edge of your field or industry.
6. Brand value
No doubt about it – working for a globally recognised company is a prestigious affair. Posh premises in downtown locations and big brand names do have their attractions. They certainly do make it easier for human resource departments to attract applicants. As far as MNCs are concerned, it’s an employer’s market – they have the luxury of picking the best out of hundreds of applications.
What that means is that many smaller companies are left with vacant positions simply because not enough people apply for them. And this remains the case even when these companies offer competitive pay. In a tight labour market, you could be doing yourself a great favour by applying for jobs in small companies, where you would be facing a lot less competition.
In the end, the choice depends strongly on your own objectives. Bear in mind that all of the above categories are broad generalisations, so there is always a need to consider each company on a case-by-case basis.
Here is the view of a recent postgraduate from the National University of Singapore (NUS). He accepted the position of Pricing Analyst at a Fortune 500 company after three months of job hunting. His previous jobs were in smaller companies.
“In today’s cut throat market, having the right experience is only half the game. Having the right experience from the right company often gives the candidate the edge over the rest in the competitive playing field. While in the job market after my postgraduate studies, I found recruiters were much more interested in work experience for MNCs and other large companies, to the extent that preference was given to similar work experience obtained in an MNC rather than an SME.”
On the other hand, Yamini Prakash works in a pharmaceutical market research company that has fewer than a hundred employees. A Life Sciences graduate from NUS, she believes that her current job has given her more opportunities to develop her career than if she had joined a larger company. She says, “The smaller size means there is more cross-departmental interaction. I get to participate in different projects, which give me exposure to various aspects of the industry. A lot of the learning comes from hands-on on-the-job training. As a recent graduate, I doubt I would be given such heavy roles so soon if I had joined a large MNC.”
Post new commentIt might seem like there’s almost no need to reiterate how terrible pranks are here, because we’ve spoken about it many times in the past and I feel like at least most of us are on the same page about it, but if you’re thinking it seems like that, I do have to tell you that — even though that seems perfectly reasonable — YOU ARE WRONG! Because people are still out there pulling pranks. Telling Taylor Swift she blew up a boat. Making Drake think Chris Brown sent him a bouquet, or whatever. Making their boyfriend think they’re really mad at him about something because they actually are a little mad at him about it but they know it’s not something they should really be mad about, and then they say “just kidding.” Or even, let’s say, being the “self proclaimed creator of the ’coning‘ craze” (ugh) (UGH), and dressing up like a “zombie” to scare the shit out of people who were just trying to MIND THEIR OWN BUSINESS AND LIVE THEIR LIFE IN PEACE.
They aren’t running away because they’re foolish and think a zombie came back to life or whatever, they’re running away because there is a MENTALLY ILL MAN CHASING AFTER THEM AND YELLING AT THEM! COOL PRANK. “Haha, you came home from work and I was screaming and had a gun pointed at you and you were so scared haha but actually it was a fake gun gotcha hon where are you going wait come back I GOTCHA!” Terrible. All bad. Scaring people for a legitimate reason and ruining their days and making them afraid to go to the park in the future because one time they went and a NIGHTMARE CRAWLED UP BEHIND THEM is the least fun way to pull a prank, and EVERY way to pull a prank is a not fun way to pull a prank. BOOOOOOO! BOOOOOOOOOOOO! (Via ViralViral.)
No. Don’t continue this. Please. How is it a prank to make someone run away from something they think will murder them? Like, if I saw this dude, I would run (after wetting myself), not because I assume zombie but because I assume he’s murder-happy. Also, what is up with the dudes at 1:31? “Oh hey, that person is being chased by someone who seems to be splattered in blood. Cool. Normal tuesday stuff, right here.” IT IS 2012 ONE OF YOU HAS A CELL PHONE MOST LIKELY, CALL THE POLICE. OR AT LEAST SPEEDWALK AWAY.
Well this is definitely the dumbest thing I’ve seen so far today.
Further proof just how cool zombies are.
If the goal is to make people act like there really is an imminent zombie apocalypse, then what’s the end-game, here? For someone to eventually work up the nerve to put a pick-axe through the prankster’s skull? Because that person would be a true hero in more ways than one.
Nice makeup. I don’t recall seeing any zombies on The Walking Dead with a gaping anus on their forehead
Remember in Zombieland when *SPOILER* Bill Muray pranks the kid who looks like George Michael Bluth and then gets shot because he thinks he really is a zombie? To me, that alone is probably a good enough reason to not pretend to be a zombie. In that case, he’s in the middle of an actual zombie apocalypse, so fair enough to shoot Bill Murray. But there is a huge, strange, tragic subculture of nerds who actively plan for zombies (I originally chose my apartment in part because of the ease of escaping the island from here BECAUSE MY OLD ROOMMATE CONSIDERED THIS A LEGITIMATE CONCERN). I can definitely see this guy getting shot in the head, or beat to death or something. Especially with the bath salts. Zombie apocalypse nerds are on a hair trigger at the minute.
Ugh. Reminds me of a YouTube video someone posted of a guy randomly walking up to people and saying “Are you a good boy?” in a high pitched voice like he’s talking to a dog. The “humor” was supposed to be that people smiled and played along. Of course they played along because they assumed the guy was mentally deficient.
It’s the subtle difference between watching the Three Stooges on TV and having three stooges approach you on the street.
I had never heard of coning, so I did a quick search. According to Wikipedia, coning is when “the cerebellar tonsils move downward through the foramen magnum possibly causing compression of the lower brainstem and upper cervical spinal cord as they pass through the foramen magnum.” So maybe this isn’t a prank, and that’s not makeup?
Seriously, who throws a book?
What an asshole. Could you pick a worse time to do something like this, what with Miami Bath Salts Guy, the Canadian Psycho Guy, and the One Guy Who Killed And Ate His Roommate? It’s in poor taste, bro. But, honestly, doing something like this is ALWAYS in poor taste. Scaring children? Scaring women who are alone? Do you know how scary it is to be a child and always being preached to about “STRANGER DANGER” and hearing all that crap on the news? And do you know how often we single women are always being told not to go out jogging by ourselves and what not? Do you know how traumatizing and scary it would be for a deranged person to come chasing after you, no matter who you were? UGGGGGHH. YOU SUCK, DUDE.
so about a year ago, I was cutting through this alley that connects my office building to a convenience store and there was a homeless guy that I’d seen around often enough to recognize digging through a dumpster. As I got close to him, he quickly turned around and raised up his arm in a thrusting motion and shouted “IMMA CUT YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!”
needless to say, I shouted and jumped back, both in reflex and fear for my life. He then proceeded to laugh and say, “ah, I’m just kidding, man! How bout you get me a cup of coffee?”
I laughed like crazy because hey, I wasn’t stabbed by a hobo in an alley! but also I did think it was funny until I really processed it and realized he was just praying on an unassuming person’s very legitimate fear.
and yes, I did buy him that cup of coffee and now he makes a stabbing motion and laughs every time I see him.
My favorite prank:
@1:10 the guy doesn’t get off the phone.
I hate when zombies interrupt my conversations. Sooo annoying.
They must have done this in a gated community or something. In my neighborhood, zomb homie would have gotten a cap popped in his dome and or some industrious skateboarder would have known what to do with a skateboard while under attack.Lawrence Coffman married Blanche Osborne 1905 Pleasant View, CO
Longmont Ledger (Longmont, Boulder County)
Dec 1, 1905Page 1
MARRIED
COFFMAN-OSBORNE--At the residence of the bride’s parents, at Pleasant View, at high noon, Wednesday, November 29, 1905, Lawrence Coffman and Miss Blanche Osborne, Rev. Arthur W. Coffman, father of the groom, officiating.
There were about thirty relatives and other guests present.A sumptuous dinner was served, and the presents were numerous and beautiful.RailRiders get their third baseman…back
March 29th, 2013
Meet the new third baseman for the RailRiders. Same as the old third baseman.
David Adams signed a minor league deal with the Yanks today, three days after they released him to clear a 40-man roster spot for Vernon Wells, according to Chad Jennings.
Like I wrote yesterday, it’s difficult to understand why moves are made sometimes. This time, by releasing Adams, it got the Yankees a chance to get a guy they really liked back, without another team having a real say ultimately. Brilliant move by Brian Cashman.
Donnie Collins Categories: GeneralDespite critical outcries from Democratic members in the U.S. House of Representatives, President Barack Obama is confident Congress will pass the tax deal he compromised on with Republicans, according to CNN.
Debate on the enormous tax cut package proposed by the president began in the Senate Thursday night. The bill would extend the Bush-era tax cuts to all income levels, a measure secured by Republicans who opposed the president's wish to end the tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans, while extending unemployment benefits, according to the New York Times.
Democrats in the House are expressing fierce opposition to the bill, especially over the estate tax provision, which sets an exemption of $5 million per person with a top rate of 35 percent, according to the New York Times.
Democratic members of the House suggest that they will work to make more palatable revisions to the bill after it passes in the Senate.A little birdie told a columnist across town that the Wolves could make a run at Michigan State's Tom Izzo. The chances of Izzo stalking the sideline at Target Center next season are the same as Lisa Lampanelli never again referencing a certain body organ during any Comedy Central Roast.
Why would Izzo leave arguably the best college program of the last 11 years?
With all due respect to Florida's Billy Donovan and North Carolina's Roy Williams, Izzo is to college basketball coaches what Cossetta's is to pizzas. He's the best!
He has led Michigan State to a fifth Final Four since 1999. That's more Final Four trips over that stretch than the entire Pac-10 (four). Every player who has completed his eligibility under Izzo has played in a Final Four. That's one superb recruiting tool when entering a kid's home - a near guarantee that before his time is up, he'll make it to the pinnacle of the college basketball universe.
They cut down the nets in 2000. And could repeat that feat Monday night after defeating a very good UCONN team in the first national semifinal Saturday night in Detroit.
Izzo's career record, in 14 seasons in East Lansing, is 336-135. He's won at least 20 games in 10 of the last 12 years. The Spartans have made 12 consecutive NCAA Tournament appearances. They've won five regular season Big Ten titles and two Big Ten Tournament championships.
He's an easy guy to root for. No one can convince me that he doesn't come off as a guy you would really like to enjoy a cold one with. The scary thing is - Izzo is only 54 years old. Presumably, he'll stay in East Lansing for at least another 10 years. It makes me wonder, when his career is all said and done, where will he rank among the all-time greats? No one touches John Wooden, but could Izzo enter the top 10? I say without a doubt. He's a lock to enter the Hall of Fame one day.
Louisville Coach Rick Pitino, who's team was manhandled by the Spartans last weekend, told the Detroit News - "There's no better than Tom Izzo in our game."
We.0
Netzwerk-Profile
(1 - 4 von 65
)
Amazon-Wunschzettel von Anna Conley
(Bücher, DVDs, weitere Produkte)
LinkedIn: Anna Conley | LinkedIn
View Anna Conley's professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Anna Conley discover inside ...
Interessen
Tangled by Anna Conley on Prezi
prezi.com
Setting Germany Royal palace. Rapunzel's tower. Key Characters and their roles within the film. Plot Development The golden flower and it's ...
"Prohibition" Anna Conley & Landon Jones by Anna Conley on Prezi
prezi.com
Landon Jones & Anna Conley Prohibition Meaning behind the Prohibition Era What was it? Origins of Prohibition ~The United States prohibited ...
Anna Conley | MaxPreps
Anna Conley's high school sports timeline. MaxPreps has events and updates about Anna Conley while she was playing soccer and lacrosse at Somers High School...
Conics Portfolio by Anna Conley by Anna Conley on Prezi
prezi.com
Conics Portfolio by Anna Conley. math conics project by anna conley for mr.fix 6th period. by Anna Conley on 18 April 2013 27 Tweet ...
Telefonnummern, Adressen & Branchenkontakte
Business-Profile
Anna Conley | Penny Road Elementary School | ZoomInfo ...
View Anna Conley's business profile at Penny Road Elementary School and see work history, affiliations and more.
News
(1 - 4 von 9
)
Anna Conley - Bio, News, Photos - Washington Times
Latest news and commentary on Anna Conley including photos, videos, quotations, and a biography.
BCL/LLB student Julia Nicol and DCL student Anna Conley ...
Doctoral student Anna Conley has won the Quebec Society of Comparative Law's (QSCL) first prize for her master's thesis, "A Comparative Law ...
Babysitter charged with leaving 3 kids in van at Walmart
Babysitter charged with leaving 3 kids in van at Walmart. Associated Press, AP 3:18 p.m. EDT August 11, 2014. anna conley gaston co jail. Anna Conley (Photo: ...
Montana State Prison Violating Rights of Prisoners with ...
"This is about a prison mental health system that is making prisoners sicker," said Anna Conley, ACLU of Montana staff attorney. "What is ...
Ausbildung
anna-conley.jpg - University of Louisville
louisville.edu
University of Louisville, College of Education and Human Development. Home anna-conley.jpg.
anna-conley.jpg — College of Education and Human Development
louisville.edu
anna-conley.jpg. Navigation. anna-conley.jpg · Navigation · anna-conley.jpg · anna-conley.jpg. Click to view full-size image… — Size: 50.0 kB. © University of ...
Promis, Sportler & Politiker
Anna Conley | Credits | AllMusic
Find Anna Conley credit information on AllMusic. ... Anna Conley. Credits ↓. Share this page. facebook · twitter · google+; email ...
Schlechte Nachrichten
(1 - 4 von 10
)
ANGRADA: Anna Conley
Pottawattamie County, *19.9.1887
findagrave: Anna Conley Berwick (1964 - 2009) - Find A Grave Memorial
Anna Conley Berwick, of Mt. Pleasant Trailer Park in St. Johnsbury, died unexpectedly Monday, Dec. 28, 2009 at the age of 45. Anna was born ...
Anna Conley Obituary - Kaul Funeral Home | Roseville MI
obits.dignitymemorial.com
Obituary for Anna Conley, ... The Guest Book for Anna Conley is no longer available online. If you would like to reopen this Guest Book allowing further ...
Anna Conley Obituary - Fairlawn, OH | Akron Beacon Journal
On February 10, 2012 , the eve of their 58th wedding anniversary, Anna Sue Conley walked hand in hand with "her Jim" into the gates of heaven. Born January ...
Herkunft
(1 - 4 von 13
)
Anna Conley (deceased) - Genealogy - Geni
Genealogy for Anna Conley (deceased) on Geni with over 140 million profiles of ancestors and living relatives. Page updated today.
Nancy Conley - Free Death & Obituary Records
Name: Anna Conley. Birth: 28 Nov 1905. Died: Jun 1986. Address: Mi 48154 ... Name: Anna Conley. Birth: 14 Nov 1889. Died: Dec 1984. Address: Il 60633 ...
Conley Birth Records - RootsWeb - Ancestry.com
Conley, Ralph W. (m) birth 16 Sep 1912 place Paden City, parents E. D. & J. Anna Conley. Conley, Willard (m) birth Apr 13, 1913 place Porters Falls parents ...
Anna Conley - Ancestry.com.au
search.ancestry.com.au
Photo: 1. Category: Portrait. Description: Burial:Hartford Cemetery HartfordLyon CountyKansas USAPlot: Lot 409. Attached To: Anna Conley (1820-1895) ...
Besitz
Anna Conley Real Estate Agent in Pacific Palisades, CA | Homes.com
Homes.com - The world's best real estate web site of homes, real estate, realtors, and homes for sale. Find real estate agents, mortgage loans and rates, home...
Bücher
(1 - 4 von 7
)
United States Practice in International Law: 2002-2004
books.google.de
I have been blessed with extraordinary research assistants at George Washington University, who all contributed greatly to this enterprise: Anna Conley, Brooke ...
United States Practice in International Law: Volume 1, ...
books.google.de
... George Washington University, who all contributed greatly to this enterprise: Cameron Alford, Perri al-Raheim, Anna Conley, Benjamin Gould, Matthew Haws, ...
Digest of United States Practice in International Law 2006 - Sally J....
books.google.de
Co-published by Oxford University Press and the International Law Institute, and prepared by the Office of the Legal Adviser at the Department of State, this...
Jet - Google Books
books.google.de
The weekly source of African American political and entertainment news.
Dokumente zum Namen
RECORD OF WHITE COUNTY SPELLING BEE WINNERS
Year. Name. School. Grade. 1980. Sheila Parsons. Searcy. 6. 1981. Janee St. Felix. Beebe. 6. 1982. Anna Conley. Searcy. 6. 1983. Anna Conley. Searcy. 7.
Veröffentlichungen allgemein
pennyroades.wcpss.net
Principal Intern – Anna Conley. Office Manager | Sandy Eskew IRT | Bebe Pearsall Data Manager | Becky Fletcher Receptionist | Amy Jones. Counselor | Sarah ...
litigation-essentials.lexisnexis.com
Anna Conley is a doctoral candidate in International and Comparative Law at the McGill University Faculty of Law and an adjunct professor at the University of ...
Video & Audio
Anna Conley - YouTube
Anna&& I are back this summer, ghetto as ever.
Artikel & Meinungen
Who is Anna Conley? | ChaCha
Anna Conley is on Facebook. She is friend with Michelle Hill. Do you have any other questions for ? 24/7 ...
19 March 2012
Forum Meeting. Meeting Date. 19/3/12. 6.30 pm. Location. Lowther Hotel, Goole. Author. Anna Conley. Issue date. Attendance. Initials. Position. Karen Wood.
Garland & Elizabeth Farley Con - Genealogy.com
+[81] Anna Conley 1899 - ...... 2 John Conley 1808 - 1896 .......... +Margaret (Peggy) Ward 1823 - 1889 ............... 3 Elizabeth Conley 1841 - 1898
Anna Conley Sims | Washington County, Tennessee Obituary Project
washingtoncountytnobituaries.wordpress.com
Born: 24 January 1915 to Mrs. Hugh Sherfey Married: Fred Sims on June 13, 1932 Died: 27 April 1933 at her home, Elizabethton, Tennessee
Sonstiges
(1 - 20 von 74
)
Rebecca Bolding and Robert Zeits's Wedding - The Knot
Anna Conley is the Bride's sister and best friend. Jessica Harmon - Maid of Honor. Jessica and Becca have been best friends for more than 10 ...
1 way to abbreviate ANNA CONLEY - All Acronyms
How Anna Conley is abbreviated or is used as part of acronym or abbreviation definition? Check the reverse search results for Anna Conley in acronym and ...
AC abbreviation stands for Anna Conley - All Acronyms
Anna Conley definition, categories, type and other relevant information provided by All Acronyms. AC stands for Anna Conley.
Ann Holmes, Anna Conley, Katrina Ithier & Brookelyn Gingras
Ann Holmes, Anna Conley, Katrina Ithier & Brookelyn Gingras. Categories: Ann Holmes, Anna Conley, Katrina Ithier & Brookelyn Gingras.
Anna Conley - Appeal-Democrat: Home
Anna Conley, 69, of Olivehurst died June 29, 2007, at Woodland Memorial Hospital in Woodland.
Anna Conley - SelectedWorks
works.bepress.com
Anna Conley is an attorney in Missoula, Montana and adjunct professor at the University of Montana School of Law. Her areas of expertise include human rights, ...
Anna Conley - View Listings
... she is a musician, writer, painter and environmentalist. Select Solds. Anna Conley represented the buyer and/or the seller in the list of sold properties below.
Anna Conley Prater | Salyersville Independent
Search. Home · Local News · School · Sports · Obituaries · Gallery · 3 Columns · 4 Columns · Political Polls · Contact us · Home / Anna Conley Prater ...
Anna Conley Trust Veterinary Medicine ... - Fastweb
Award: Varies; Deadline: Varies: The Anna Conley Trust Veterinary Medicine Scholarship Fund is available to students at Oregon State University, College of ...
Anna Conley Trust Veterinary Medicine Scholarship ...
Schoolsoup.com » Scholarships » Scholarships by State » Anna Conley Trust Veterinary Medicine ... Anna Conley Trust Veterinary Medicine Scholarship ...
Anna Conley Trust Veterinary Medicine Scholarship Fund ...
Anna Conley Trust Veterinary Medicine Scholarship Fund. Aid Type Colleges' Scholarship Number of Awards Varies Max Value of Awards Varies Due date ...
Jon & Anna Conley - Planning4You, LLC
Jon & Anna Conley. Planning4You LLC Copyright 2010-2013. Website Designed by: Planning4You LLC. Sign in|Recent Site Activity|Report Abuse|Print ...
Obituary of Anna Conley - Bolock Funeral Home ...
Obituary of Anna Conley. Anna J. Conley, 89, of Pocono Summit, died peacefully on Friday, July 23 at home surrounded by her loving family ...
Anna Conley (@annaconda7) • Instagram photos and videos
instagram.com
Anna Conley Faith, family, fashion, food, fitness, furry friends, & fun! · Log in · Privacy · Terms. © 2015 Instagram, Inc.
Anna Conley :: Crouse Hospital
nyheritage.nnyln.net
to; to: Searching collections: Crouse Hospital. Add or remove collections. Home arrow Crouse Hospital arrow Anna Conley. Reference URL. Share. Add tags.
Anna M Conley - (260 records found) - Phone, Address ...
Anna Conley - Myspace · ann conley - Myspace ... Anna Conley - Myspace · Anna Coley - ... Anna Conley @annamconley69 - Twitter · Anna Marie ...
Anna Conley of Norton - The Sun Chronicle : Home
CONLEY - of Norton formerly of Cohasset July 5, 2003. Anna M. (Flaherty) Conley. Wife of the late John J. Conley Sr. Mother of Kathleen J.
Anna Conley | MTPR
mtpr.org
A civil rights organization filed a lawsuit Monday against the state over the treatment of mentally ill inmates at the Montana State Prison and at ...
Anna Conley | ask.fm/AnnaLeidner
ask.fm
hey hoe If you're reading this, I probably hate you Bye sweetie :*
ACLU: Prison is violating the rights of mentally ill
helenair.com
“Often they are put in solitary confinement for something they did, which is a product of their mental illness,” said Anna Conley, a staff attorney ...
Verwandte Suchanfragen zu Anna ConleyI got into flying at a very early age. I'm not sure exactly how old I was when I abandoned my interest in trains for an obsession with airplanes, but there is a surviving third grade assignment wherein I declare my intention to be an airline pilot. My first plane ride took place at the age of 11, and I flew three more times before scheduling my first flight lesson at the age of 13. Throughout my early teens, I scrimped and saved money from odd jobs just to take one flight lesson at the end of each month. Later I worked as a line boy for the flight school, which was a dream job in that I got paid - in flight time! - for doing something I'd do anyways, namely hang out at the airport. I soloed on my 16th birthday and passed the Private Pilot checkride on my 17th.
My story isn't at all unique. Airliner cockpits across the nation are populated by thousands of former airport kids. Like me, they built models, read aviation magazines, bummed rides off local pilots, washed and fueled airplanes, and in many cases learned to fly before they could drive. All of us were bitten hard by the flying bug very early on, and it predestined us for a lifetime aloft.
I've since flown with and met many of these former airport kids. As it tuns out, nearly all of them are significantly older than me. Most were making a nuisance of themselves at the airports of the 1960s and 70s; I didn't start flying until 1994. I didn't know it at the time, but the airport kid was a dying breed. Among airline pilots of my generation, the vast majority started flying in college or later. The few I've met who began flying young had pilot parents. The trends behind this change have only accelerated since then, and I fear that airport kids are becoming few and far in between.
The primary factor is money. The cost of flying has been outstripping inflation for years. Regulatory changes, increased liability, fuel price spikes, and the greater complexity of even basic aircraft have all contributed to the spiraling costs. Perhaps the greatest cause is that there are simply fewer general aviation pilots flying now than at any time in the past 40 years. Pilots who learned to fly in the 60s can recall renting a Cub or Taylorcraft for mere dollars. As late as the mid 1980s a Cessna 150 could be had for $15 per hour. By the time I started in 1994 it was up to $38/hr. Now it's hard to find any rental airplanes for under $75/hr. This is putting aviation well out of the reach of kids, at least those without well-to-do parents willing to pay for their offspring to partake in an expensive and moderately dangerous hobby.
A second constraint is the decreased availability of training. The general aviation airports of the 60s and 70s were busier places than the airports of today. The decline of the pilot population has caused many of the businesses that served them to close down. This trend has been very noticeable the last few years as fuel and other costs have pushed general aviation activity way down. Here in the Twin Cities area, roughly half of our flight schools have shut down in the last five years. Many smaller airports, including the one I learned to fly at, have been left without any flight training options at all. The would-be airport kid of today might ride her bike to the airport only to find that there's nothing going on and nobody to talk to.
The third barrier is security. This is a recent development thanks to the events of seven years ago today. Although those attacks didn't involve general aviation, apparently some ne'er-do-well somewhere talked about the possibility at some point, and that was enough. Where airport kids could once wander around even busy general aviation airports almost at will, now even many sleepy uncontrolled fields confront them with security fences and controlled-access gates. Although it's debatable whether these would pose much of a deterrent to the truly nefarious, there's no question that they're quite effective at keeping the merely inquisitive at bay.
My aunt approached me at a family function last month to inform me that my 11 year old cousin has recently become obsessed with flying. He's building airplane models, reading every aviation book and magazine he can get his hands on, and flying heavy jets on Microsoft Flight Simulator. In other words, he's me 15 years ago. How much would it cost, my aunt asked me, to get him in the air? She was visibly crestfallen when I told her that dual instruction would cost at least $110 per hour. This isn't a poor family, but like many they don't have that kind of cash lying around on a regular basis.
I suggested that she get him involved in Civil Air Patrol or the Experimental Aircraft Association. Both offer great opportunities for hands-on aviation experience, and the CAP even offers low-cost flight training for teens. My cousin is fortunate that there's a CAP wing and EAA chapter near his house; they may be the only opportunity for him to follow his dreams of flight at a young age. Many kids aren't so fortunate.
I can hear some hard-nosed pragmatist somewhere grumbling "So what if kid's don't fly? If they really want to fly, they'll do it when they're older." Yes, perhaps. As you get older, life does tend to get in the way. I have passengers remark to me on a very regular basis, "You know, I always wanted to learn to fly...." These are people in their 50s, 60s, and 70s. I have not yet heard one single person express regret that they pursued their goal of learning to fly.
There's another, more practical reason to mourn the death of the airport kid. A great many former airport kids have gone on to become professional pilots because, well, they had the bug and couldn't imagine doing anything else with their lives. Most of the professional pilots my age, on the other hand, didn't start flying until they'd already decided to pursue an aviation career in college or later. Their reasons vary and I suspect the fun of flying was one unifying factor, but a large part of the draw was undoubtedly the lifestyle and compensation that an airline career offered at the time. With the profession now a mere shadow of its former self and training costs ever skyrocketing, I suspect fewer and fewer people will make that choice in the future. There may come a day when the airlines need former airport kids to fill their cockpits, only to find that there are none left.
Thursday, September 11, 2008
12 comments:
Awesome post! It's true, the expense of flight lessons is a major obstacle is pursuing it at the pace I would like to. I often wonder what will happen in the future with the decline of general aviation. Perhaps, pilots will be in such high demand, at some point, that the prestige & compensation that once came with being an airline pilot will return...Or, will pilot hiring for US carriers be outsourced to foreign countries?!
The worst part is, the current prices you quote would be considered cheap by Danish standards.
I'm three lessons away from my PPL checkride and the cost of dual lessons has been around $375/hr. The cost of renting a reasonably new Cessna 172 is about $180/hr.
I love flying very much and I would probably have pursued a career in aviation had I had the money to pay for an ATPL at a younger age. At 36, I don't think I'd get a reasonable return-of-investment in less than 30 years of flying commercial, considering an ATPL is about $150k in Denmark.
A PPL is just fine, though. The feeling of being able to fly anywhere you want (within reason) is incredible.
One nice thing about flying in Denmark is that although security has been tightened somewhat around airports, most GA-only airfields are very relaxed.
Thank you very much for your blog! It is well-written and always interesting to read.
/Klaus
During the summer between my Junior and Senior years of high school I managed to land a job as a line buy at Beechcraft East at Teterboro Airport. I didn't drive yet, I had to take buses to get there then walka few miles. It was worth it...
Sure, I washed off a lot of bugs, put up with a lot of ribbing from the tech guys and hanger rats, and was usually far off on the perimeter spraying weeds and admiring planes that rarely were flown.
And we got Viscounts, DC-9's, BAC-111 (Leona Helmsley's), and even a Hansa Jet.
Now with security and more expensive aircraft, operating costs, and corporate aviation, TEB is not a likely place to find airport bum kids.
(I love the smell of Jet A in the morning).
First, let me say I love your blog and this is a great post. Really cuts to the core of aviation and training.
I would like to make a couple of comments:
1. At 11 years old, it will be years before your cousin will be able to get his license. Any time now in an airplane would fuel his desire, but not lead him any closer to getting a license.
2. At 11 years old, there is plenty of time to start saving up (birthday money, Christmas gifts, etc.) so that when he is close to the legal age, he will have the resources. Instead of getting sweaters and socks for Christmas, have his family to put money into a savings/money market account. If he needs to open something on Christmas/Birthday, wrap a small model plane.
3. Once he is able to start working, if he is making $7 an hour, and bringing home $5 per hour after tax, at 20 hours per week, that's $100 a week and that's enough for an hour of dual.
4. With an hour of dual time per week (not taking into consideration any prior savings from Christmas/Birthday gifts that could increase his dual time per week), and approximately 50 hours to get a PPL, he would get his license in a year.
This is the same timeframe it took you to get a license.
BTW - As you can tell from my post, this is coming from an Accountant, Corporate Controller and financial planner. :)
Don't let the financial limitations hold him back from his love. I missed my calling to be a corporate pilot and became a corporate accountant.
I don't think $100 will buy an hour of dual unless it's in some sort of LSA.
As for the death of the airport kid, it is very sad. GA airports should be open places, inviting to the younger generation. Instead they are barbed wire fortresses which scream "Stay away!!"
I wasn't an airport kid, though I think I'm on my way to being an airport adult! My husband and I have a dream of one day owning/running an airport that creates and enables 'airport kids' (and adults)!
Wow, this whole story sounds JUST like me. I am a freshman in high school and have wanted to be a pilot for the last 3 or so years. The only game I play is flight simulator and I too scheduled my own flight training.
So far I've done the groundschool course. The issue is how on Earth I'm going to be able to pay for a PPL. I know for certain it will be a career of mine. Will joining the military be a good way to go?
This is my new favorite website by the way. It describes me perfectely: I am the airport kid. I can't wait to read the rest of your posts!
How wierd welcome! You beat me by five minutes in saying exactly the same! Well...minus the actual training.
I too am a freshman, loved trains and switched to planes, and fly avidly on the sim. My friend invited me to join a glider association in town, and I might join (if school and sports permit.
I take flying so seriously (even if it's on a computer screen) that I have charts, approach plates, flight planning forms, and checklists...I really have the bug, huh.
Love this post! Hopefully I'll find a way to be a pilot whether it be military or college degree.
Strange, I've got from airport kid and being a complete airport dork to being furloughed. The dream for me has, for the most part, died. To be frank, though, I'm glad the dream is dead at 26 when I can pick up with my life and my soon to be wife and find a career that will actually pay our bills instead of paying $30,000 a year for the next 5-10 years while I wait to upgrade, and the hopefully move onto a major.
Maybe I don't want it enough, but to be frank I'm excited to go back to GA, and as I say to many of my captains, "to go back to when flying was still fun."
Very true post. I am 18 years old and live in Sydney, Australia. I definitely have the flying bug, but it is frustrating with the cost of training these days.
I am looking forward to joining Qantas cadets in a couple of years, although the cost is a gigantic $130k + living expenses (flying training is conducted in Melbourne).
Very fortunate that I know a senior captain in Qantas, and I have been in the 767 simulator which was an amazing experience.
Having just finished high school last year, I am currently working in the city, saving every possible dollar!
Only good news I guess is that there is a major pilot shortage, so hopefully in someway it will lower the cost.
Good luck to everyone else following the dream!
This was a very insightful post, indeed. But I quite agree with dlesmond. Despite the present troubled financial situation (suprime mortgages crisis and all that), globalisation and an unprecedented growth of trade everywhere make it possible for more and more people to afford flying instead of other way of transport. So if there ever is a shortage of pilots in the future, which seems very likely according to what you write, the solution will be at hand, all right, and the airport kid will get the chance to become a pilot again - there's no flying without them. And where there's no flying, there's no revenue for the aviation industry. Well, unless they create a pilotless aircraft. I wouldn't want to fly in it, though :)
Luckily your cousin has an airline pilot in the family - there's lots of things you can do to encourage him until he saives money or is able to learn to fly. Rent a C-172 at a local airport and take him for a ride. Get him involved in CAP or EAA (like you have). R/C airplanes and flight simulators are options.
The cost of flying is ridiculous, but it won't go down any time soon. I live in an area with lots of pilots (Houston) and even my part of town has terrible rental options - run down FBOs and lackluster flying clubs dominate. Makes me long for the "good old days" of even 10 years ago. Now its almost cheaper to own a plane than to rent. You can still by a C-150 for <$20,000. Find a few other people interested in learning to fly, and this is a real option - especially considering parents will often spend that much money on buying their teen a car!Dr. Michelle L. Szwedo, MD
Obstetrics & Gynecology
- 471 W Army Trail Rd Ste 103
Bloomingdale, IL 60108
- 2 Locations
- (847) 228-7222
Dr. Michelle L. Szwedo graduated from the Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine in 1994. She works in Bloomingdale, IL and 1 other location and specializes in Obstetrics & Gynecology. Dr. Szwedo is affiliated with Central Dupage Hospital and Delnor Community Hospital.
Obstetrics & Gynecology
Medical School: Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine; Graduated 1994
I wanted to be tino
I want a do over.
[had to put it in the extended entry because it was screwing up the page]
«
mmmmm, lunch |
Main
| love thy neighbor »
I want a do over.
[had to put it in the extended entry because it was screwing up the page]
I ended up as Tino with Jorge as a close second.
Must have been that question "Do you run like you have 5lbs of shit in your pants" that I answered yes to.
Posted by: Ryan | March 30, 2005 01:12 PM
I wound up as Tino. As long as I'm not Giambi, I'm happy.
Posted by: Ed | March 30, 2005 01:16 PM
You smacked too arrogant. The game was loaded for Tino (if you werew not arrogant).
I took it three times...last time, absolute "Screw You" in my answers, I couldn't figure out why the clown didn't include Sheff.
Posted by: TC@LeatherPenguin | March 30, 2005 01:20 PM
(umm, err,,,)
Yeah, we want a Do Over. WTF? Everyone (check Technorati) come up Tino.
Where did you go wrong?
Posted by: TC@LeatherPenguin | March 30, 2005 01:23 PM
I'm freaking unique. Ok?
Posted by: michele | March 30, 2005 01:29 PM ended up as Derek Jeter (even though I scored 92% with both him an Arod). What the hell? I like Derek but he's the last Yankee I would have said I was indignant look
I always knew boston fans didnt appreciate me though. :-)
Posted by: Angel | March 30, 2005 01:57 PM
not that unique, i'm an a-rod too.
I think I'm gonna be sick.
Tino as a close second.
Posted by: coolrobc | March 30, 2005 01:58 PM
You are MARIANO RIVERA! You're the one that people look to end things, save the day, etc. You're also probably the best at what you do... but in small doses of course. You're only human and can only do so much, but regardless you're awesome and OVERALL can perform well under pressure.
Mariano Rivera 79%
Jorge Posada 67%
Alex Rodriguez 54%
Bernie Williams 50%
Tino Martinez 50%
Derek Jeter 46%
I'm a hardcore Nt'l League fan (and a Texan to boot) so I'm not as up on your Yankees I should be. I know the name but not whether Mariano is a head case or not. Can someone tell me- am I a horses ass?
Yes, that's a loaded question- be kind.
Posted by: Muckraker | March 30, 2005 02:37 PM
Muckraker:
From all accounts I've read Mariano is anything but a horse's ass. Besides being one of the best closers - he's a humble unassuming guy - who is liked and respected.
Posted by: Angel | March 30, 2005 03:29 PM
I will SMITE them, if you ask me to to smite them asshaps....
Posted by: TC@LeatherPenguin | March 30, 2005 03:29 PM
You're Alex Rodriguez! You're Alex Rodriguez! Na na na na boo boo!
Posted by: Solonor | March 30, 2005 03:59 PM
Your 'a new kind of music list' post is messing up all the posts before it, not sure you know, looks like problem with tables.
Posted by: boz | March 30, 2005 04:14 PM
Thanks Angel.
(Runs off to show his wife)
Posted by: Muckraker | March 30, 2005 04:38 PM
Don't worry, Michele. ARod's going to be one of the gang this year. ;)
Oh, and I was Tino by a large margin.
Posted by: UCLSanta | March 30, 2005 04:42 PM
Thanks, solonor...I needed a reminder....
Posted by: TC@LeatherPenguin | March 30, 2005 05:33 PM
you will be SMITED before June blooms...
Posted by: TC@LeatherPenguin | March 30, 2005 05:46 PM
I went to see "Spamalot"last night...i'm gonna be ripe with the smite...
Posted by: TC@LeatherPenguin | March 31, 2005 01:56 AMHouston, TX (Northland's NewsCenter) --- The hearing for Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson has been pushed back to August 6, that according to a report by CBS Sports.
Peterson was in court on a charge of misdemeanor resisting arrest, that coming from an alleged altercation with three off-duty Houston police officers at a Houston nightclub.
"I just want to say to all my family, friends, and fans that I am 110 percent, 200 percent innocent," Peterson said outside the courtroom on Friday morning. "I didn't push, shove, or touch anyone that night, especially an officer."
The Vikings running back allegedly pushed one of the officers when asked for his identification and then began shouting and acting aggressively.
Authorities say three off-duty officers were needed to subdue Peterson, who then spent the night in jail and was released the next morning on a $1,000 bond.
The delay in the hearing date comes so prosecutors can speak to more witnesses, but a Harris County District Attorney spokesperson called the move "routine."
Peterson tore his anterior cruciate ligament on December 24 of last year, and he has been working toward a return to game action this season.
The 27-year-old running back has played five seasons with Minnesota, totaling 6,752 yards and 64 touchdowns in that time. The Vikings signed him to a seven-year, $96 million contract in 2011.
Posted by Zach Schneider
Bio - Facebook - Twitter - E-Mail
News AlertsThere are certain things you can count on when it comes to hotel restaurants. Usually, they look good, since hotels have both money to spend and a commitment to design, especially when it comes to highly visible spaces that represent the brand from the minute a potential customer steps into the lobby. Sometimes, there’s a certain recognizable sameness to the cuisine, since the hotel wants to be able to cater to the many different palates that might be staying under its roof. Beautiful and bland.
Thankfully, Mojito, the new restaurant in the Crown Plaza Tampa Westshore, is only bland occasionally.
The menu is a vibrant blend of Latin-inspired classics with a focus on Peruvian cuisine, one of this decade’s hottest restaurant tickets. Cocktails are pervasive, most laced with fresh fruit juice and bright herbs, energetic in ways those hipster speakeasy menus strive to avoid.
And the space itself is about as active as hotel design can accomplish, the carpet a riot of swirling colors, ceiling fans like copper airplane rotors and chairs covered in reddish faux-reptile skin. It’s almost enough to compensate for the rather subdued layout and beige walls.
A meal at Mojito begins with a series of dips and spreads, along with a Spanish take on antipasta. The dips are tasty enough, if a bit common, from serviceable hummus to bright olive tapenade to guacamole that manages to taste fresh despite the meager amount of citrus and cilantro. Better is a plate of thin-sliced Serrano and prosciutto, chunks of chorizo and bits of salty Manchego, each a perfect pairing with one of the bar’s tart and sweet concoctions.
That’s not to say the restaurant can’t cook when called upon to do so, shown in the perfectly fried lobster tail served with a rich papaya relish. Skip the homemade mustard on the side, which quickly overpowers the buttery lobster. The homemade tartar sauce — which comes with a sampler plate of deep-fried fish, shrimp, calamari and mussels — is a charmer, tangy and decadent and so much better than the usual red sauce served with plates like this.
Mojito’s tostones — crushed and fried plantains — create an exceedingly dry platform for sweet pulled pork, but the restaurant’s crab cake is surprisingly good, with big lumps of barely seasoned crab that work well with the sweet salsa dolloped on top.
Both of the restaurant’s ceviches are executed well, but the real star of the seafood section is boqueron. Anchovies are mixed with a sweet and tart tomato concasse and caramelized onions to make for a salty, briny, sweet and decadent take on bruschetta that puts the dips and spreads on the appetizer list to shame. More of this, please.
And more seafood, for anyone planning on a visit to Mojito, since the kitchen’s imagination seems to flee before the meat section of the menu. Quesadillas and Kobe beef sliders? Ho hum. Even the anticuchos – skewers of grilled meat – seem drab, with little of the aji pepper or mojo character they’re supposed to have.
If you do need a bit of beef, opt for the skirt steak, grilled to a crisp and slathered in an oily chimichurri that adds some richness to the otherwise lean meat.
But if you do the trip here right, big plates of food won’t be on the agenda since they don’t work as well with Mojito’s crowning glory — the drinks. The Pisco Capitan is the sort of drink you can almost consume as a meal, fortified with egg whites and topped by a frothy lime foam. Mezcal comes with lime and grenadine in the Lazy Daisy. Thyme Tango, a superfruit infusion of acai vodka, thyme and blueberries, will boost your immune system while killing your liver.
There’s also the Citripirinha, made with cachaca and grapefruit juice for an escape from the bar’s lime obsession, or the smoky and dark Hav-A-Tampa made from rum, vanilla-spice liquer and cigar bitters (whatever they are). And, oh, yeah, the mojitos aren’t bad either.
Although Mojito still has some of that hotel aura sticking to its beige walls and occasionally humdrum food, those cocktails might be its ticket to non-guest success. Considering Tampa’s cocktail culture, this bright splash of citrus and South American spirits — along with food that’s tasty enough — has its own, uncrowded niche.There are a lot of people who will drink to that.…Karina Smirnoff Hurt In Rehearsals For DWTS, Possible Whiplash And Dislocated Jaw
People.com is reporting Dancing With The Stars pro Karina Smirnoff was hurt in rehearsals yesterday and had to be taken to the hospital. This is sad….let’s hope she’s going to be ok.
Jacoby Jones and Karina Smirnoff were practicing a flip when something went wrong.
Smirnoff landed on the NFL pro Sunday, twisting her neck and banging her face, and she had to be taken to Cedars Sinai Medical Center for possible whiplash and a dislocated jaw, a source tells PEOPLE.
Jones and Smirnoff were set to perform the Lindy hop. If Smirnoff can’t compete, the show can provide a last-minute substitute pro, putting Jones – already behind frontrunners Zendaya and Pickler – at a severe disadvantage at this late date.
More at People.com.
Thanks to Lori for the fast heads up on this news.
ETA: People.com updated their site with ABC video. Also, Karina tweeted a few minutes ago that she’s dancing tonight. Good news!! -Heidi
ETA2: Here’s a little treat from Jimmboe today of Karina at the Wango tango. Keep Karina in your thoughts all…. and thanks Jim!!
i hope she is ok , dont like to think of anyone getting injured
get well soon Karina xxx
Reminds me of not too many seasons ago, when Kym was hurt so badly at around the same time in the season….
Hoping for the best, and healing for Karina! AND, if they don’t want her to dance, she doesn’t dance. I know the pros aren’t too good about sitting out and letting someone else take over for them…..
Wow! Sending her my thoughts and prayers for speedy recovery. Take care of yourself, that tacky MBT just isn’t worth it.
Omg this is terrible!!
Hope it’s nothing serious. My special thoughts and prayers to her quick recovery!
Oh, no! Sending healing thoughts to poor Karina-bear! Hope she’s sensible and does what’s best for her. Like so many other dancers, doesn’t she already have neck and shoulder problems? I remember some icky footage of her getting a cortisone shot in her neck, was it last season?
Lori’s right, it sounds a lot like Kym’s scary injury when dancing with Hines. I hated that the show insisted on running that footage over and over again. My guess is TPTB will do the same with Karina.
She just tweeted not to forget to vote tonight, so I am assuming that its not so bad after all.
@Cidra Yes she has had neck surgery and sometimes requires 3-4 shots on set.
@Margaret I hope you’re right!
Oh no! Karina, take care of yourself please!
Oh no! I hope she’s ok! If not, put Cheryl in to dance in her place.
My prayers are with her and Jacoby. I can only imagine how sick he’s feeling about the fall. Thanks Margaret for sharing the info regarding her tweet. If she wants us to vote, then I will vote
Really hoping she feels better soon.
Kym’s accident was horrifying to watch and really showed everyone how dangerous this competition can be. Honestly, I don’t think Kym has ever recovered emotionally from it.
I hope Karina is okay and with no long term issues stemming from this mishap. Take Care!
Poor Karina. Be Well & TAKE CARE of yourself! That is the most important thing. I would miss seeing her dance tonite if she can’t go, but I would much rather she err on the side of caution than risk possible making things worse.
Sending love and prayers to Karina! For God’s sake don’t dance tonight if your Dr. doesn’t recommend it. Using Cheryl is a good idea as she is about Karina’s height.
Neck and head injuries scare the hell out of me, for obvious reasons.
Per her twitter, Karina is doing OK and not dancing is NOT an option for her, so we’ll see her tonight..that is great news!!!
She just tweeted that not dancing is no option for her. Man, she is a real trouper. I hope she won’t risk too much while doing the Lindy Hop. Karina had some daring tricks in the past. Really scary.
Karina just tweeted that she’s dancing tonight. Not dancing is “not an option”. Well, okay…I hope you know what you’re doing.
That girl is wicked tough, isn’t she?! Just love her!!! Hopes she’s ok…and Jacoby too.
ah shes not having a great week :/ I think she had the flu earlier this week and now this. I’m just glad it’s not her neck though (like Kim’s injury in season 12).
Hey Guys! Check the People link again in the first post. They’ve added a video of when the injury took place. (thanks Lori for the heads up.)
Oh my god this is heart breaking she is the best female pro! I really hope she gets well soon! Prayers for Karina! Get well babe!
Hope she’s really good enough to dance, she seems like someone who would dance even if the doctors said she really shouldn’t. Hope she feels better soon.
I’m always amazed (although I probably shouldn’t be) at how many disgusting, ugly people there are in the world (who all seem to be trolling the internet). Did anyone take a look at some of the comments on the People site regarding this story? Truly disgusting comments. What is wrong with people?
Thanks Lori and Vogue for the heads up on the new video. Bless them both! When the People article said possibly a dislocated jaw, my imagination was running wild. At least in the video, she was able to talk. So maybe it’s not too horrible-bad. *fingers crossed*
Jacoby was right there squatting next to her on the dance floor as she was getting checked out. Footballers understand the risk of injury, and they take injuries seriously. He’ll be at the top of his game tonight making sure he takes care of his “teammate”.
Wow, I sure hope Karina is OK. I think you’re right, Sandy (#11) – I don’t think Kym has (or will) ever completely get over that fall with Hines.
It’s so scary when they hit their heads and/or twist the neck. You realize how dangerous it all really is… I just hope she heals quickly, and completely. And if she’s not totally ready to dance, then please, TPTB – make her sit this one out, and give Jacoby a pass for the semis, if you have to. One Lindyhop just isn’t worth it.
Yay!!! Karina says she will be ok and will dance tonight! Can’t wait to see them!
Fantastic news! So glad Karina is okay.
I first saw Karina dance in 2004 with Slavik and I’ve loved her ever since.
I’m glad as well she’s partnered with an athlete. He’ll watch out for her.
Yes, Nancy, I read plenty of ugly comments on her fb page too
At last someone had those deleted…an injury to anyone is not funny (even if it’s your favorite dancer’s ex). SMH.national
Queensland mining town Moranbah faces increased social pressures as 10,000 more fly-in, fly-out workers come to town
- From: The Courier-Mail
- March 01, 2012
THE tiny central Queensland mining town of Moranbah is facing the prospect of another 10,000 fly-in, fly-out workers living on its doorstep, doubling its population and adding to enormous social pressures.
The mining boom has exposed the town to a huge influx of workers needed to build and operate an expected 20 new mining, gas and associated projects.
That is generating fears in the township about the huge number of young, single men who will be living there.
The latest application, for a 3600-person camp on the outskirts of the town, has exposed concerns from locals about alcohol abuse in the camps and problems caused by the social isolation of workers.
"Social disruption issues such as domestic violence, divorce rates, assaults and harassment, together with the inability for emergency services to keep pace with demand, were perceived as being on the increase over the last few years," a report in the development application for the work camp said.
A Federal Parliament inquiry hearing in Moranbah last week heard evidence that young women could not go out at night because of fears about the overwhelming number of men in the town and the culture of alcohol abuse.
Some experts downplayed those fears, as did Isaac Regional Council Mayor Cedric Marshall.
The new report also said there were expectations that 9060 workers were likely to need accommodation during construction of planned mining projects, and more than 7085 workers were likely to be present during the operational phases.
Cr Marshall admitted it would be impossible for the town to cope with that number of people without the camps, which resemble resorts and have pools, gyms, shops and tennis courts.
He said existing camps now had their own liquor licences, which had significantly reduced issues in the town itself.
But the approval process for the latest camp has been taken away from the council and handed to the State Government-controlled Urban Land Development Authority.
Local councillor Anne Baker said not only were Moranbah's residents upset by the large number of workers required, they were also unhappy the camp would be built on land zoned for residential use.
Most of the land around Moranbah is owned by mining companies that are unwilling to give it up because of the value of the coal underneath.
Have your say.
As a mason's son, artist's husband, gardener, urban homesteader and overall very DIY person, I have nothing but respect for persons who work with their hands and create physical works. In fact, I've previously run a co-op space for artists, hackers, and makers in Des Moines' East Village. Market Day, an event I helped create and guide that my wife and a partner now run, is entering its third season. 40+ makers and crafters (including furniture, clothing, and more) sell their goods every month to crowds that frequently top 1,000. I'm as likely to spend my weekends helping friends build rabbit hutches and making art as I am writing words and playing with iPhone apps.
I disagree with your assessment that using the language the way I did in this event announcement is "degrading the language of physical craft". Technologists have a long history of using metaphors from the physical world for actions in the digital realm (software releases are often called builds, the "cut" action is generally represented with a pair of scissors, etc). I trust in the intelligence of my audience and yours to know a metaphor when they hear it or see it, especially when one considers the context of the announcement.
Encouraging persons who more frequently identify as "designers", "coders", or "developers" to think of themselves as "makers" and "builders" can inspire more craftsmanship in their end products and open their thinking to solutions that involve the physical/analog space as much as the digital one. I know of one attendee who's planning to show off their Arduino kit (hardware hacking), and another attendee working on a startup that marketing a locally produced solution for portable boxes/shelving to the tech, design, and startup crowd.
Colorful language inspires, and if using colorful language encourages more people to embrace innovation, attend my event, and share the products they're working on (digital OR physical), so much the better. If there's something you're working on you'd like to share, I hope you'll attend.
My email address and phone number are readily available online and I'd be happy to chat more offline if you have further thoughts.
Post new commentMenachem Begin: The Battle for Israel’s Soul
By Daniel Gordis
Schocken, 320 pages, $27.95.
Menachem Begin was one of the more complex personalities in Zionist history. Certainly, he was among the most controversial, and his story has been oft-told. Amos Perlmutter’s 1987 “The Life and Times of Menachem Begin” was conceived as a political biography, and offers a highly critical assessment of Begin as political leader. Ned Temko’s 1987 “To Win or To Die: A Personal Portrait of Menachem Begin” was intended to be a personal biography of the man rather than a critique of his ideas, and and depicts Begin in a more positive light than does Perlmutter. Relatively unbiased but woefully lacking in detail was Eric Silver’s 1984 “Begin: The Haunted Prophet.” Journalist Avi Shilon’s recent “Menachem Begin: A Life,” unveils Begin the man as much as Begin the warrior and politician, but does little in the way of elucidating Begin’s influence on contemporary Israel.
And lest we forget, Menachem Begin himself wrote two memoirs: “Ha-Mered,” “The Revolt,” a chronicle of his years leading Etzel, the Irgun Tzva’i Le’umi (the military arm of the Zionists-Revisionists in Palestine), and one of the few “insider” books on the Jewish revolt against the British in Palestine; and “White Nights,” the narrative of his experiences as a Zionist in the Russian prison system.
Now, Daniel Gordis offers up “Menachem Begin: The Battle for Israel’s Soul,” a volume in Schocken’s Nextbook biography series.
Israel’s sixth prime minister, Begin, came to power in 1977 in nothing less than a political revolution that unseated the socialist labor party Mapai, regnant in Palestine and Israel for decades. Begin, who died in 1992, is well-positioned in the pantheon of legendary Zionists who shaped Israel’s destiny and, by extension, Jewish history.
But he was a Revisionist Zionist ideologue who fought British rule with what we would call today the tools of terror, who fought Arabs with the determination of someone who came out of the Holocaust, and who fought Labor Zionist rule with defiance and rhetorical resistance. He was the quintessential outsider who became the insider.
Gordis’s book is clearly slanted toward Begin without being an insipid hagiography. He deftly recounts Begin’s youth in Poland; his rise to the top of Betar, the youth movement affiliated with the right-wing Zionist-Revisionist movement founded by the great Zionist leader Vladimir (Ze’ev) Jabotinsky as a counter to Labor Zionism; his arrival in Palestine in 1942 following imprisonment in a Soviet camp and the death of his family in the Holocaust; his years in the Yishuv (the Jewish community of pre-State Palestine) as commander of Etzel; his two decades of vocal opposition to Labor Zionist leader David Ben-Gurion (Begin was among the very few who had the courage to take on Ben-Gurion in parliamentary debate); his 1977 electoral triumph; and the Lebanon War and its aftermath, during which Begin left office in deep depression.
But what is the embattled “soul of Israel” in this book’s title? This “soul,” Gordis tells the reader, is reflected in a number of ways in Begin’s persona. For one thing, Begin’s love and respect for Jewish tradition were paramount. The fact that the Holocaust never ended for Begin, who had profound roots in destroyed Europe, informed much of what he said and did, as well as his relationships with Arab countries and leaders. Said Begin, “If they are enemies, they are Nazis, out to kill us.” Additionally, it ought be immediately apparent that Begin, in his struggles with Ben-Gurion over Wiedergutmachung, or “making good again,” the reparations agreements with Germany, would take the hardest of hard lines. Begin’s approach did not come out of nowhere; it was born of his deep concern for the “soul of Israel.”
Thus the embattled “soul” of Israel — the Zionist-Revisionist principle of Hadar or “dignity” — takes front and center in Gordis’s skillful retelling of Begin’s life. A most compelling chapter discusses the Altalena affair, a violent confrontation in June 1948 between the newly-created Israel Defense Forces and remnants of Etzel, over an Irgun cargo ship loaded with weapons. The new government of Israel, led by Ben-Gurion, attacked and sunk the Altalena, and thereby asserted Ben-Gurion’s hegemony over any breakaway or dissident military force. In Gordis’s comprehensive retelling of the story, the issue went beyond the political. Begin, at odds with Ben-Gurion, understood that not only was the viability of Israel at stake but also that civil war would destroy Israel’s soul. He backed down, and Israel was the better for it.
While “Menachem Begin: The Battle for Israel’s Soul” is thoughtful, it does not break new historical ground. And Gordis might have been a tad more careful with his facts and analysis. Begin’s book “The Revolt” was published in 1950, not in 1953 as Gordis has it. But errors of fact, and there are several, are minor points. Important, however, is the question of ideology, which is curiously absent in a book focused on the ideological struggles between Zionist left and right. Gordis does discuss the varied defense forces in the Yishuv, but his narrative is not well served by his historical analysis. The Palmach, the military striking-force of the Yishuv, was not a function of the Haganah, as conventional wisdom has it. Rather, it was the product of deep ideological struggles within the Yishuv between the socialist Mapai party, which generated the Haganah, and the more radical leftist Achdut Ha’avodah and Hashomer Hatzair kibbutzim, from which emerged the Plugot Machatz, the “Striking Forces” of the Yishuv — the Palmach. A sentence or two on the dynamics of the Palmach’s emergence would have been useful.
More important is the question, a core issue in any biography of Menachem Begin, of the more activist resistance groups in the Yishuv. One gets the sense from Gordis that Etzel and Lehi (Lohamei Herut Yisrael, also known as the “Stern Gang”) were identical in their Zionist-Revisionist ideologies, but that Lehi was the more radical. This idea obscures the deep ideological differences between the two groups. Lehi was more radical, but included fighters from all over the political and ideological map: groups of right-wing sectarian-religious Agudath Yisrael side by side with, counter-intuitively, a group from the far-left secular Marxist Hashomer Hatzair. These Lehi fighters were united by the common goal to get the British out of Palestine.
The goal of Begin’s Etzel was identical, but every Etzel member was a follower of Jabotinsky and Begin’s Revisionism, which Gordis fails to acknowledge.
This point is more than mere nuance; it tells us that the Jewish community in Palestine, derived from the Eastern European Jewish world, was all about ideology and “movement,” and that the institutions of the Yishuv — including the fighting forces — were informed by ideological struggle. It was not only right against left, Ben-Gurion’s Mapai versus Jabotinsky and Begin’s Zionist-Revisionist party.
How might we characterize Menachem Begin’s contribution to Israel? What was his legacy? It’s mixed. Begin did put his very Jewish stamp on the Jewish character of Israel. But many historians maintain that in the aftermath of his peace-making with Egypt, the settlement initiative was strengthened, and internal conflict in Israel increased dramatically. Begin’s legacy was not that of a leader who transformed from stiff-necked Revisionist warrior to Nobel Peace Prize recipient. With settlements, with the Lebanon War, with tepid responses to the economic crisis of the early 1980s — was the Revisionist Hadar-Zionist dignity compromised? Did Begin himself unwittingly trump Hadar?
Jerome Chanes, a Forward contributing editor, is the author of four books and numerous articles on Jewish public affairs, history, and sociology. He is a senior fellow at the Center for Jewish Studies of the CUNY Graduate Center.Last night, the Country Music Association Awards celebrated this year's biggest hit-makers—and some of our favorite country stars walked the red carpet in amazing gowns and sparkles. Check out our picks for best-dressed of the night—and tell us, whose look did you like best?
Taylor Swift wore a red Elie Saab gown with shoes from Jimmy Choo.
Sheryl Crow chose a jeweled-neck halter black gown for the red carpet at the CMA Awards.
Rachel Smith chose a sleeved red lace floor-length gown by Tadashi Shoji for the occasion.
Miranda Lambert showed off her amazing body in this plunging sparkling blue gown.
Lucy Hale wore a voluminous high-low swing dress on the red carpet.
Kimberly Perry chose a beaded off-white cap-sleeve gown from designer Johanna Johnson.
Kellie Pickler wore a Georges Chakra Couture black asymmetrical strapless gown.
Karen Fairchild's structured, orange-red strapless dress comes complete with a train!
Jennifer Nettles wore a plunging embellished gold gown by Naeem Khan.
Connie Britton wore a Georges Hobeika Signature gown covered in sequins.
Cassadee Pope wore this Gothic, corsetry-inspired number at the CMA Awards.
Carrie Underwood chose a sparkling, sheer gold Ralph & Russo dress paired with Jimmy Choo shoes.
Now we want to know: Whose CMA Awards red carpet look did you like best? Tell us in the comments below!
P.S. Watch our video for behind-the-scenes fun from the red carpet!Hannah’s Story – A Cautionary Tale
Please help us help her by contributing to the Hannah Fund.
A STORY WITH A HAPPY ENDING - HANNAH IS HOME!
On Wednesday, October 14, I received a call from Jim Howell with Greyhound Adoption Center. “Barbara”, he said, “there is a greyhound at the Sacramento County Animal Shelter that has been hit by a car. Her left ear tattoo is 17422. She’s not ours - could this be one of yours?” I looked up the tattoo number in our database and found that it belonged to a red fawn girl named Hannah who had come in from Colorado in April, 2007 and had been adopted in May.
I called the shelter and spoke with Diane, one of the medical staff. She said that Hannah was in shock and was being given fluids to help stabilize her. It didn’t appear that anything was broken. I couldn’t reach the adopter, but left a message for her and called Maryanne Novak, one of our adopters who works in central Sacramento. Fortunately, Maryanne could leave work right away to pick up Hannah and take her to the VCA Sacramento Veterinary Referral Center, only 5 minutes away from the shelter.
I got a call from Dr. Malouin at VCA later that day. Hannah was much more severely injured than originally thought. She had pneumothorax (collapsed lung with air escaping into the chest, compressing the lungs), multiple abrasions, and neurological issues. She couldn’t get up or stand on her own. She was also very thin and flea infested.
When Hannah's adopter called the next day, I told her what had happened to Hannah. When she was told the estimated costs for her care (initially $3000 to $4000), she said that she didn't have the money to pay for this.
Hannah had been loose for a week. No one called GFFL to report her missing. She had no collar (with or without tags) and no microchip. It also turns out that Hannah was allowed to run off leash on the river levee. The adopter’s comment was, “but she always just ran a little ways, then came back.”
Except for the time she didn’t...
Hannah was at VCA for almost a week before she was stable enough for an MRI to determine why she wasn’t able to get up. I was driving up to see her every couple of days. Prior to the MRI, they were putting Hannah into a supportive sling, just to get her up and start passive physiotherapy with her legs. Tests indicated that she had sensation in three of her legs.
Tuesday, October 20. When I saw Hannah today, there was no light in her eyes and she had lost even more weight – she was down to less than 50 pounds and every bone was protruding. She had started coughing and tests showed that she had developed a mild pneumonia and had a urinary tract infection. These are both common complications for dogs that are “down”. However, Dr. Holland, the neurologist at VCA, thought that she would survive anesthesia for the MRI and we shouldn’t put it off. I agreed. They planned to start the MRI as soon as I said goodbye to Hannah. As they were taking Hannah away, I told Dr. Holland that if they found major spinal problems to not let her wake up. I drove home in tears, expecting the worst.
Late that afternoon, Dr. Holland called with good news. There were no apparent fractures to her spine and no ruptured discs. Her inability to stand and move was due to swelling and bruising along the spinal cord, which was affecting the nerves to her legs. Dr. Holland thought that when the swelling dissipated, Hannah would gradually recover and be able to stand and walk again, although it would require physical therapy to “reteach” her limbs to move properly. She will also need to build up her muscle tissue. Her left side is the most affected, and her left front leg is considerably more damaged than her left hind leg.
Wednesday, October 21. Hannah perked up today, probably due primarily to the antibiotics given to her for the pneumonia and urinary tract infection. She was hungry and eating well. She was taken outside for some fresh air and new sights for the first time today!
Thursday, October 22. Hannah was lifted to her feet and was able to stand on her own for a minute or two for the first time. She was taken outside again for a breath of fresh air.
GFFL adopters Cathy Kastner, Kelley Graham, and Frank Loriaux have volunteered to cover visiting hours at VCA every day, just to keep her spirits up. Even though she doesn’t make eye contact yet, I think that she likes the treats, petting, and pep talks! She has gained weight each day for the last two days!
Friday, October 23. Hannah is continuing to put on weight, little by little. Because she is now eating well, she will have her IV line discontinued and medications will be given orally. They will try to get her to walk in her sling cart using food as a motivator.
Saturday, October 24. Hannah has put on 4 pounds over the last three days and was able to get up by herself last night and again today! Barbara and Cathy and Bill Kastner stopped by at midday. Cathy and Bill took her outside for about an hour, where she feasted on Cathy's scrambled eggs and some canned food. Dr. Holland is pleased with her progress, although her left front leg still shows no sign of recovery.
Sunday, October 25. Hannah continues to eat well and gain strength in her three good legs. She was able to walk outside with less assistance today than yesterday. She's enjoying her chicken and scrambled eggs!
Monday, October 26th through Wednesday, October 28th. Hannah is still eating well and putting on weight. She is gaining muscle strength and has two sessions in the water treadmill.
Thursday, October 29th through Wednesday, November 4th. Hannah went to her foster home on Thursday as planned. She is having many of the same issues any greyhound has when they are placed in a new environment, but she is becoming more comfortable with her foster family. She will continue to have two therapy sessions at VCA each week for at least the next couple of weeks. She is eating well, but not progressing yet in terms of standing and walking. It was probably unrealistic to expect much in the way of improvement during this adjustment period. She is getting lots of physical therapy, with help from Beth's daughters!
Tuesday, November 10th. Hannah has made good progress at Beth's house! She is able to get up, stand on her own for 10 minutes, and do some walking. Unfortunately, she will need to have her front left leg amputated; the surgery is scheduled for this afternoon.
Friday, November 13th. Hannah's surgery went very well and she will be coming down to Marni's home today for continued rehabilitation. She was bright and alert yesterday when I visited and is getting up and moving around well without her useless front leg.
Wednesday, November 18th. Hannah had her first PT visit at VCA since her amputation. She is gaining weight and is able to get up and stand on her own. Her left hind leg still knuckles under when she walks, but this is gradually getting better. She is in good spirits and seems to be more comfortable without the useless left front leg.
Tuesday, November 24th. Hannah went in to VCA for her PT visit and had all of her stitches removed. She had gained another 2+ pounds, which was great! She went for a long walk on the waterbath treadmill and Dr. Moore was very pleased with how strong she's gotten! She will require only weekly PT sessions going forward.
Saturday, November 28th. Marni reports that Hannah is making great progress! She jumps up when the other dogs get up, and moves around the back yard without assistance. We have arranged for local adopters to stop in a couple of times a week to work with Hannah to relieve some of the burden off Marni. She has a great appetite and we can't wait to get her weight on December 1st! To the left is a current photo of her - just think how pretty she'll be once all her fur grows back in!
Saturday, December 12th. Hannah attended the Holiday Open House in Auburn onDecember 12th and received lots of pets and hugs! Here's a photo of her with silly antlerstaken by Cathy Kastner!
Wednesday, December 16th. She had her PT session at VCA yesterday and Dr. Moore was amazed at the progress she's made. No more sessions will be necessary, but we'd like to get Hannah back up during the holidays so that everyone at VCA who worked with her can see how great she's doing.
Sunday, January 3. Hannah had her last visit with her vets and their staff at VCA on December 29. She had one more x-ray to check that the damage to her lung that she sustained when she was hit by the car had resolved. She was given a clean bill of health! She is shown here with Dr. Holland, her neurologist, and Dr. Moore, her physical therapist. They were thrilled to see the progress she had made - and it shows in their faces!
Sunday, February 14. Hannah will be going to her permanent home next week! She is getting around wonderfully and will have a greyt life with
her new greyhound brother and greyhound sister!
Hannah is Home! Hannah has settled wonderfully into her forever home with her newbrother andsister. She has a wonderfully backyard with lots of grass on which to play (and snooze). Her adoptive parents adore her and her new siblings have accepted her into the family without reservation! Here are some photos of Hannah in her new home.
Thanks to all of you who have provided donations, prayers, and good wishes for this beautiful, sweet, but feisty dog!
lick here for a video link that shows Hannah in Marni's back yard area.
The Hannah Fund. The care that Hannah has received at the VCA has been excellent—the veterinarians, techs, and staff have been wonderful to Hannah and to the GFFL volunteers who have visited with Hannah. In addition, they are giving us a very nice rescue discount. However, as of October 23, treatment for Hannah stands at approximately $6000 and will climb further to at least $8500. GFFL needs your help to help Hannah. We have set up the Hannah Fund to cover Hannah’s medical treatment and physical therapy. Become part of Hannah’s extended family and contribute to her care either by check or by Paypal on the “How to Help” page of the website. Please make your check out to Greyhound Friends for Life or GFFL, note that your contribution is for the Hannah Fund, and send it to Barbara Judson, 364 Coventry Road, Kensington, CA 94707. Your contribution is tax deductible (tax ID 20-5323161).
Hannah and GFFL are grateful for your support!The so far for their silver-bullet idea for saving the planet.
Not so fast. I too enjoyed the video, but was compelled to write up my thoughts on the problems with this idea:
1) There is no silver bullet. The Solar Roadways video is powerful because it has attracted so much attention from folks outside of the traditional environmental or cleantech realms. Family members who I thought only followed sports have been sending this video to me as if they found the solution for saving the planet! What a waste of a captive audience. Viewers will come away with a reinforced notion that technology can solve all of our problems, a false notion. Climate and population stabilization, let alone universal food and water security, will require a heavy dose of values adjustment and behavior change.
2) Car-centrism gets us nowhere. The video narrator invites you to imagine safer driving, snow-melting roads, and programmable parking lots, all attractive prospects for people whose lives revolve around car travel – which, admittedly, is most of us. However, for the globe’s 7 billion people to actually live within the biocapacity of a single planet, there would have to be almost no private vehicles on the road. A study on one-planet living in Vancouver showed that even if Vancouverites cut car-driving completely from their lifestyle, the still could not bring their ecological footprint within range. Yes, the video mentions bike travel and sports arenas, but its car-centrism makes the concept sustainababble on the whole.
3) Appropriate Scale. I am not anti-technology, and I do not doubt that solar road tiles will make their way into many useful applications, building from the popularity of this video. But the mass consumption and globalized economy required to pave entire freeways with these tiles is only possible within first-world economic rules—rules that are at the heart of our march toward an ecocidal future. A just world requires rules that incentivize technological and political development on what E. F. Schumacher called an “appropriate” scale. And considering at the heart of Solar Roadways is cars, this idea does not currently meet those requirements.
But what if we repackaged Solar Roadways as an appropriate technology? Introducing:
Solar FREAKIN’ Pathways!
As walkways, trail networks, and bike highways proliferate, these systems too could benefit from the same sturdy and programmable pavement technology – not to mention the energy generating capability.
Technology will play an important part of our future, but true sustainability is only possible if we make the huge cultural and behavioral leaps necessary to get from green technologies promising to save us in one fell swoop to appropriate ones like cradle-to-cradle bicycles and sneakers. And once we’re all living small footprint lifestyles, we’ll have an easier time meeting our transportation and energy demands with Solar Pathways!
—–
John Mulrow is the Business/Industrial Sustainability Specialist in the Illinois Sustainable Technology Center’s Emerging Technologies and Technical Assistance Program. He is a former fellow of Worldwatch Institute.Turbocharged Suzuki Recursion Concept Announced for Tokyo Motor Show
Of the Big Four Japanese manufacturers, Suzuki has been the most stagnant in recent years as it tries to recover from the economic downturn, offering fewer product updates and new models than Honda, Kawasaki or Yamaha. Suzuki now appears ready to innovate once again, first new products including the V-Strom 1000 and the new Burgman 200 scooter. But there’s more on the way.
Introducing the Suzuki Recursion, a new partially-faired roadster concept powered by a 588cc parallel-Twin engine with an intercooler turbo. According to Suzuki, the Recursion offers the performance of a larger-displacement motorcycle with the ease of handling and fuel economy of a middleweight.
Unlike most of its competition, Suzuki won’t be presenting the Recursion concept at EICMA in Italy, instead opting for the Nov. 23-Dec. 1 Tokyo Motor Show in Japan.
Here’s what Suzuki has to say about the Recursion:
-.
Other details include an upside-down fork, single-sided swingarm and an underslung exhaust
[Source: Suzuki]Peru’s Fog Water
One neighborhood in Lima, Peru has found an ingenious solution to their water shortage.
Spread out across the top of a hill, nets are coming to the aid of one neighborhood in Lima, Peru. In response to a shortage of potable water and plumbing, a German NGO, Alimon, has offered this solution. These nets, both simple and slightly absurd, take advantage of the city’s foggy disposition to capture water. One net costs roughly $800 and those nearby benefit from up to 60 liters of water every night to use for drinking, cooking, bathing, and farming. Though this implementation is obviously very site specific, it is encouraging to see sustainable solutions to water crises, especially in an affordable, feasible form.
[via GOOD / image via National Geographic]- Critic Score
- Most active
- Publication
- Most clicked
- Producer Nigel Godrich has made of this a modern masterclass--and one that sets the bar for collaborations extremely high.
- Feb 26, 2013Awash with beats, rhythms, electronics, the occasional guitar and Yorke's soaring if still mostly unintelligible tenor, Amok is a record to get sonically lost within, a work whose every measure teems with a quality and a precision that only musicians at the top of their game can touch.
- Feb 26, 2013The chief difference between AMOK and The King Of Limbs is how alive and invested AMOK sounds, almost as if it’s a do-over of the frequently airless Limbs.
- Mar 22, 2013Amok is a tenaciously rich and strong album that is certainly the work of gifted musicians.
- Feb 21, 2013It’s a dense work that’ll be discovered thriving equally happily in the niche of teenage bedrooms as in underground cults and a nebulous haze of mushrooming Mixcloud communiqués extending over the horizon.
-
- Feb 26, 2013AMOK is as heady and immersive as any great Radiohead album, but those comparisons eventually wilt: Yorke's new band has discovered a symmetry all its own.
- Feb 22, 2013AMOK is a surprisingly unassuming album in that way; each song has worthwhile hooks and accessibility is favored over abstract experiments.
- Feb 27, 2013As a product of Yorke’s mind, AMOK represents a measurable progression over The Eraser. It’s more experimental, varied, nuanced, and likeable.
-
- Amok ends up sounding enormous through its mingling of analog and digital sounds. It’s intricately assembled, with more pieces to pick apart than on The Eraser, which feels a bit timid in comparison
- Feb 27, 2013AMOK is an album you'll need to spend time unpacking, which means it's cut from the same cloth as every good Radiohead album. But with this one, maybe you'll get to dance a little along the way.
- Feb 26, 2013AMOK is heady dance music, in love with its jittery rhythms but never content to give over to them completely.
- Feb 26, 2013Yet the easy chemistry between everyone on Amok means that more often than not the record is beautiful.
- Feb 25, 2013The songs don’t prize catchiness; they’re too busy tweaking and interweaving, toying with texture and momentum.... Yet at the same time, there’s sheer exhilaration in the profusion of rhythms.
- Feb 25, 2013In other words, this is another Thom Yorke solo album, and it sounds really nice on decent headphones.
- Feb 25, 2013Amok might not be easy--why should it be?--but it’s never anything less than interesting, an accolade that can rarely be applied to artists this far into their career.
- Feb 20, 2013While Atoms For Peace inevitably doesn’t display that unique chemistry which is evident in spades when Mssrs Selway, Greenwood et al join the party, it remains an intriguing, if at times uneasy listen.
- Feb 19, 2013[Amok is] the warmest, grooviest album Yorke has ever made--nine songs where next-level laptop science collides with wild, funky improvisation.
- Feb 8, 2013Amok shows Yorke successfully synthesizing his obsessions into a compelling and complete universe. [Mar 2013, p.92]
- Feb 7, 2013It'll take a while to sink its clawed into you, but once it does, it won't let go. [Mar 2013, p.88]
-
- Feb 20, 2013Amok is missing the end-of-days urgency of Yorke's paranoid-android persona--and despite Flea's presence, it could be filed under "anti-funk."
- Mar 6, 2013Although Yorke’s songwriting prowess is still very strong, this record is by no means perfect.
- Feb 25, 2013Amok is, above all, a very pleasurable listen, basically just the sound of some talented middle aged dudes enjoying themselves. Let it wash over you, and you’ll enjoy it too.
- Feb 25, 2013AMOK isn’t quite dazzling, but it’s a clear improvement on its predecessor, and more than enough to win over old fans--and perhaps a few new ones, too.
- Feb 22, 2013Yorke and Godrich have quite ironically produced a fairly solid, if not stellar, Radiohead album.
- Feb 19, 2013Amok isn’t an album to be analyzed so much as experienced, preferably with headphones maximizing its occasionally mesmeric effect.
- Feb 19, 2013Anyone hoping for 'The Eraser' to fledge further results will be similarly dumbfounded. But taken at token value, Amok is a very fine work indeed.
- Feb 19, 2013As ever with Yorke's work, a strong desire not to get stuck in a rut results in a few experiments that don't quite pay off, but largely, AMOK is a slender, admirable record well worth investigating.
- While Amok--like The Eraser--is unlikely to arouse the same passions as, for instance, In Rainbows, it’s an often fulfilling and fascinating indulgence.
- For all the rhythmic chicanery at play, AMOK feels strangely static and contained, giving a perpetual sense of jogging in place.
- Oct 4, 2013While not as inscrutable as Yorke's finest work, Amok brings him one step closer to blurring that distinction between man and machine.
- Feb 25, 2013As technical achievement, Amok is an amazing album in many ways. As a collection of songs, it’s as slippery as its rhythms.
- 4, 2013Yorke's second album away from Radiohead is surprisingly accessible for one so extensively jammed then spliced together by machines.
- Mar 1, 2013Though far from the full-on dance album Yorke's DJ gigs and 50 Weapons single had presaged, Amok does feel like a collection of tracks, not songs.
- Feb 28, 2013There’s no mistaking the album for anyone but Yorke’s, but despite his rep as a singular genius, he does play well with others.
- Feb 26, 2013Am.
- Yorke, it goes without saying, is a fine songwriter, so there's nothing particularly wrong with the solid AMOK. The problem is that there's nothing incredible about it, either.
- Feb 26, 2013AMOK might be a weaker, meeker product than the output of Radiohead, but its compact nature, its genre codes, and its context are what’s important here. AMOK sums up Thom Yorke as he stands to today.
- Feb 25, 2013Far from capturing their kinetic live energy, AMOK feels as isolated, distraught, and feeble as the characters littered about in Donwood’s tragic portrait.
- Feb 25, 2013Yorke's lyrics, consisting mainly of repeated aphorisms and clichés ("A penny for your thoughts", "I've made my bed, I'll lie in it"), don't suggest any great depth.... But the sounds, bringing in elements of tropicalia, Afro-funk and laptronica, with glitches, rainforest sounds and superb analogue-synth squelches (if anyone steals the show here, it's Godrich), mean you hardly notice.
- Feb 22, 2013Recorded in just three days, it suffers many of the problems familiar from blues or jazz jam sessions, a sense of introversion as musicians focus their attention on each other rather than the listener, producing overlong grooves full of technically audacious moments and no overall purpose.
- Feb 21, 2013A striking, if flawed, first step. However offputting the band's genesis may seem, it's hard not to be intrigued as to where they might go next.
-
- Feb 21, 2013Apart from a precious few exceptions, none of the gathered musicians seem able nor willing to push each other into new musical territory that could yield fresh revelations about their union.
- Feb 26, 2013Though the roster of Atoms for Peace suggests a perfect blend of talents, the resultant amok is too much, too rapid, and too overwrought to reach the group’s full potential.
- Feb 26, 2013Thom Yorke used to make better music than the nine anemic Atoms for Peace cuts here.
-.
User Score
Universal acclaim- based on 98 Ratings
User score distribution:
- Positive: 28 out of 30
- Mixed: 1 out of 30
- Negative: 1 out of 30
- What AMOK isn’t (as the critics so obsessed with extra-musical baggage would have you believe) is some overwrought super-group experiment.… Full Review »
- Feb 26, 2013I've always been torn between euphoria and confusion with anything Thom Yorke has been involved with. The lineup for this game is, however,I.… Full Review »
- This review contains spoilers, click full review link to view. I find this album a great one. I find people dislikes this album because it sounds like Thom Yorke and not like Radiohead, but, What's the problem? This album is great from the first song to the last song (the one i think is the best).… Full Review »After 16 months of delays, Google has finally launched Google Voice.
The service features:
- One phone number for all of your calls and text messages
- Voicemail Transcription: All of your voicemails are transcribed, saved, and searchable.
- Free conference calls for up to six people
- International calls at a reasonable rate. For example, since I’m so in love with China, I could call my friends there for only $0.02 a minute!
David Pogue, technology writer for The New York Times, is on top of things with his Google Voice video. Check it out to get a better look into what it’s all about.
Get out there and check it out yourself! Unfortunately, it’s only available to current GrandCentral users. But, TechCrunch is actually giving away 100 free accounts to the first 100 people who email today. Maybe you still have a chance!
2 Comments
My pleasure, Kevin!
Google does it again with another good product! I will be using this for sure. Thanks Erica!Results tagged ‘ fun stuff ’
Hey, We Like the Name, Too!
The Hardball Times had a fun feature today: Writer Chris Jaffe listed in order, 1-30, his favorite team names in baseball. The D-backs got a nice, high ranking on the list:
2. Arizona Diamondbacks. It’s distinctive, relates to the region, and sounds cool. Depending on the mood I’m in, I might rank this one over Seattle. It’s between those two of the top slot, and then there’s a gap before the rest.
Right on! The regional tie to the team name is exactly what I’ve always thought was cool about it as well.
THT’s top five: Mariners, Diamondbacks, Rangers, Rockies and Brewers.
You can find the rest of the list here:Love opens with sweet rich candies. A hugely synthetic but glorious orange sherbert accord – pounded off the skin by flourescent aldehydes. A sweet honey, sticky bubblegum-like jasmine, bright red berries – it’s a full-blown fruity floral – exaggerated so much it’s impossible not to swoon over.
The complicated sugar rich opening falls into the “pink bubblegum” category, and this Bazooka Joe style chewy goodness stays true throughout the heart. The florals get more intense, with the jasmine now becoming the leading player with some honey drizzled orange blossom. A dense, clean rose bouquet keeps it all solid and a little “perfumey”, just to keep Love teetering on the edge of maturity. A rich iris is subtle, but definitely there – providing more of a powdery texture and adding an ever so slightly savoury-floral edge.
Once the screechy aldehydes (not the soapy kind) have burnt off, the sugar turns from dense bubblegum into soft, chewy cotton candy. It’s bright, fluffy, and yes – pink. As if it needed sweetening more, some rich vanilla comes in (which thankfully I get along with after recently had a reallllly hard time with vanilla) – and a bunch of white musk to throw it off the skin a little more. It’s a huge perfume – loud, grotesquely flirtacious, but completely harmless.
Love remains pretty linear, it’s a fluffy marshmallow full of sugar, caramel, vanilla, the fruity twang of berries and a hugely playful floral bouquet in the middle. Sure – we have seen this kind of thing before – but here it is blown to gigantic proportions, and executed fantastically!
The drydown on the skin is long, sweet (if I need to say that any more), and true to the opening. The rose becomes the lead and it reminds me (the tiniest bit) of the sugar-coated rose petals of Parfumerie Generale’s gorgeous Brulure de Rose, with some pollen rich orange blossom on the side. It starts with a crisp, cavity inducing crack and breaks into bouncy, creamy yumminess – like a creme brulee!
A perfect example of the fruity/floral/gourmand genre – I love Love :D
Love 50ml EDP By Kilian – $235 LuckyscentThe conservative rebirth
posted at 1:38 pm on August 29, 2010 by Ed Morrissey
When Democrats took control of Congress in 2006, and again when Barack Obama won the Presidency in 2008, many observers made foolish predictions that conservatism as a political movement had come to an end. Certainly, none of them mourned the presumed death; rather, they did everything but dance on its supposed grave. However, those reports turned out not only to be exaggerated, but self-delusional, as Peter Berkowitz explained in yesterday’s Wall Street Journal:.
Well, to be fair, they weren’t the only ones conflating conservatism with big government, either. Congressional Republicans did a good job of it, too, along with Bush and his “compassionate conservatism” that favored big-government solutions rather than traditional, limited-government approaches that keeps government from causing more problems than it solves. Big government and conservatism are diametrically opposed, as Berkowitz explains:
It is always the task for conservatives to insist that money does not grow on trees, that government programs must be paid for, and that promising unaffordable benefits is reckless, unjust and a long-term threat to maintaining.
And to be even more fair, I do recall that a few people on the Right made similar proclamations about progressivism in the wake of the 1994 midterms. Even Bill Clinton famously and unfortunately incorrectly proclaimed that the “era of big government [was] over.” It was akin to Francis Fukayama’s laughable assertion that we had reached the end of history at the conclusion of the Cold War. Both ignore the fact that both movements address natural sympathies and issues in governance, and that we will always have people who either want people to govern themselves, or believe that people are incapable of effective self-governance.
We certainly have seen that latter impulse from the progressive commentariat in the wake of the failure of the Democratic agenda, and the resistance to its more radical elements from the American people. How many times since town-hall meetings became forums of voter anger last year have we heard from mainstream opinion journalists that the US has become “ungovernable”? Voters made clear that Obama, Nancy Pelosi, and Harry Reid were not qualified to make their personal choices for them on health care in particular, and their failed Obamanomics showed that they’re incompetent at running a top-down command economy.
But that doesn’t mean an end to progressivism, either, even if the GOP wins 100 seats in the House, takes control of the Senate, and Obama becomes the second coming of the post-1994 Bill Clinton. As long as poverty and perceived injustice exists, there will be people who believe that the only way to address it is to spread both over the nation equally through government redistribution, and to address poor personal choices with nanny states designed to prevent every bad outcome by mandating mediocrity across the board. And as long as progressivism is allowed to control public policy, as it has over the last four years in Congress, conservatism will appeal to freedom-loving people who just want to be treated as adults and be mainly left alone to create real opportunity, prosperity, and surprised. If liberals are good at one thing, it’s being self-delusional.
Ryan Anthony on August 29, 2010 at 1:40 PM
Government shouldn’t be compassionate, it should be small and lonely.
faraway on August 29, 2010 at 1:41 PM
Not all Republicans are Conservative…
d1carter on August 29, 2010 at 1:46 PM
Right on.
rplat on August 29, 2010 at 1:46 PM
The midwives of the conservative rebirth… that’s a classic. Good job, Ed :)
beatcanvas on August 29, 2010 at 1:47 PM
After the 2008 election, many people I know were absolutely demoralized and sincerely frightened. I told them then that Obama would be the best thing that ever happened to the conservative movement. He has truly surpassed my wildest hopes to that effect. I voted for McCain, of course, but imagine how horrible things would be had he somehow won. That truly would have marked the end of not only the Republican party but the conservative movement for years and years to come. Instead, today we stand poised on the cusp of a re-birth in this country. People are more energized and engaged than I have seen since I was a very young child and Ronald Reagan was running for President. The difference today is that the mood doesn’t hinge on only one personality. People tend to decry the fact that there isn’t a single leader to rally behind, but I think that’s probably a good thing — with more people and more groups pulling the wagon, there’s less at stake if one person falters.
cynccook on August 29, 2010 at 1:49 PM
This is by far the best definition of conservatism, said in the least number of words, and by far making the most sense.
pilamaye on August 29, 2010 at 1:51 PM
Yes, but let’s not assume that the new breed are actually conservative. True conservatism, in all aspects of the word, is an ideal to strive for, not a condition that can be met. The folks we’re going to replace the dems with are politicians and should e treated as such until they retire. The B*ll s#!t story about Washington changing the man instead of the man changing Washington won’t fly a second time around if they screw it up again. Washington corrupts no man, it brings out what lays dormant.
abobo on August 29, 2010 at 1:54 PM
States need to realize that they need to protect their own citizens from over bearing departments of the federal government. States need to get busy and pass laws now that prohibit the kind of regulation being issued from the epa, doe, et al or they will continue to be told what to do by Washington socialists.
Kissmygrits on August 29, 2010 at 1:54 PM
Eh. There were way too many “conservatives” aka rinos, declaring conservatism dead unless we became pwogressive-lites.
Blake on August 29, 2010 at 1:59 PM
So long as lefties, and some on the right, feel/believe that it is easier and ‘fairer’ to be in a plantation, they deserve to be exploited by their elitist masters.
People who are lucky enough to be born free are clueless of what it means to be sujugated. They don’t wake up until it is too late.
PC will conribute to a new form of slavery, the world over, sooner than lefties, and a few others, can see now.
Schadenfreude on August 29, 2010 at 2:01 PM
It should also be far away :)
JimK on August 29, 2010 at 2:01 PM
‘Scared Straight’ first aired in 1978. It showed cocksure hoodlums being forced to confront real hard-core criminals, in a setting that scared the hell out of the hoodlums: prison. The inmates were all under life sentence, and quickly assured the young punks that since they WERE under life sentence anyway…killing or maiming one more punk wasn’t going to change their sentence at all. The intent was to scare the punks into changing the course of their lives NOW.
in 2008 America elected Barack Hussein Obama. And in less than two years he has scared America Conservative! Or at least into changing course NOW. Hundreds of thousands of people showed up yesterday to attest to that.
As Ed points out, Obama had Pelosi and Reid helping him scare America Conservative.
Thx Barry, Harry and Nancy. We needed to be woken up.
Justrand on August 29, 2010 at 2:03 PM
Prior to the agricultural and industrial revolutions, poverty was not an issue but the norm. It was only after capitalism started to expand wealth that people could concern themselves with the idea of how best to distribute that wealth.
Take 35 minutes and watch or listen to this lecture that present a history of economics which you won’t get from progressive revisionists: Applying Economics to American History
Laurence on August 29, 2010 at 2:06 PM
But Ruling class General Colin Powell told us we needed to be more like the Dems……
But Lindsey Graham said we were just “Loud”.
How can Conservatives be reborn?’
PappyD61 on August 29, 2010 at 2:07 PM
Note to Palin-Self
If nominated don’t go with the Conventional wisdom by picking a Bush style Veep like Reagan did in 1980…….HUGE mistake!!!
PappyD61 on August 29, 2010 at 2:09 PM
Now. What will these newly elected Conservatives do with their new power? Will they wield it responsibly by paring back the enormous burden of a bureaucratic government? Or, will they fall into the familiar trap of drinking until drunk on power only to end up trading more of our freedoms for longer terms in a cushy government job?
I guess we will find out.
watson007 on August 29, 2010 at 2:10 PM
It should also be far away :)
JimK on August 29, 2010 at 2:01 PM
Yeah, like outer Mongolia. Hey, they could telecommute!
cynccook on August 29, 2010 at 2:10 PM
Regardless of what laws they pass, the states will continue to have D.C. dictating to them, as demonstrated by AZ’s example.
The federal government has been out of control and exercising power far beyond its Constitutional mandate for decades now. They won’t stop voluntarily. They will have to be stopped, by whatever means necessary.
AZCoyote on August 29, 2010 at 2:12 PM
.
“poverty and perceived injustice” or no, there will always be people who believe …
.
There will always be people who believe in this too … those who believe they are “entitled”, to lead, to not have to compete, etc.
.
We live well, better than most, and it’s because of competition, innovations, etc. We all know this.
.
“Redistribution” has always failed, and mediocrity, by definition, never succeeds. We all know this too.
.
.
It’s time to deal with the root causes of our current problems.
.
One needed action, to combat Progressivism / Marxism is to clean up Academia:
.
– No tenure: now you’re just like the rest of us. Yes, you have to perform, and yes, you have to justify your courses / research / “stuff” …
.
– Greatly restricted “academic freedom”: discuss the course material, or just about any topic relevant to the course syllabus and material, and you’re ok; go sufficiently O/T, proselytize, or require a certain point of view, and you will have to defend your actions and maybe your job.
Arbalest on August 29, 2010 at 2:12 PM
I love my wisteria vines, but if I don’t prune them aggressively, they just won’t bloom. We need to prune the Republican party. Some things will only bloom on new shoots.
cynccook on August 29, 2010 at 2:12 PM
My sentiments exactly. As Beck aptly demonstrated a while back, McVain would have killed us “frogs” by bringing the pot of govt compassion to a slow boil, while Obambi scalded us and that’s causing most independents, and not just a few lifelong democrats to jump.
AH_C on August 29, 2010 at 2:13 PM
Sure Ed. Write a great missive, and end it with a bummer…thanks.
percysunshine on August 29, 2010 at 2:19 PM
After Dole, McCain, and the Bushes, whose turn is it for the GOP nomination?
cartooner on August 29, 2010 at 2:21 PM
Only a fool or a blind, intellectually dishonest wingnut would have believed that Conservatism was over or even that we were suddenly a “center left nation” as the media loved to proclaim after Obama’s election. Obama never said who he was, he was incredibly vague in his rhetoric and secretive of his past, that alone was evidence that Aemricans were just taing a chance on him because they weren’t feeling optimistic about where our country was going. Obama even embraced conservative rhetoric in his speeches!
I was confident that once he started pushing his ideology on us, that the people would come back home to the ideals of Reaganism. Obama and the people in the media are just ex campus radicals from the 80s still fighting their leftist fights, instead of accepting that Reagan was CORRECT. I was surprised at first that Obama didn’t go for a more incremental approach in steering this country to the far left, but now I see that anyone who refuses to recognize the most recent of history could not possibly plan so far ahead in the future.
Daemonocracy on August 29, 2010 at 2:29 PM
Maybe God sent Obama to wake us up. McCain would have kept us asleep.
darwin on August 29, 2010 at 2:29 PM
I believe that’s Crist.
s/
darwin on August 29, 2010 at 2:30 PM
In November, the Democrats are going to find out what DEAD really means to a political party’s rule.
Not many 1st term presidents get to be a lame duck in their last two years in office.
GarandFan on August 29, 2010 at 2:33 PM
“Leave us adults alone” applies to the state and local level as well. Nanny statism includes those fine folks that show up to measure how tall the grass is in your yard, or any other idiotic ‘quality of life’ crud they can dream up.
Remember you have to pay those salaries too.
GnuBreed on August 29, 2010 at 2:33 PM
One of the main reasons conservatism went on hiatus for 20+ years: Bush 41.
Folks on our side spend so much lambasting Bush 43 for the decline of conservatism, but it is my contention, Bush 41 was left with the full loaf and he frittered it away voluntarily. He is the most to blame.
technopeasant on August 29, 2010 at 2:36 PM
Unless the Republicans revert to Terri Schiavo levels of legislative lunacy, they should be able to move things forward.
Then again, we don’t call them the Stupid Party for nothing.
rickyricardo on August 29, 2010 at 2:39 PM
“My friends…”
Seven Percent Solution on August 29, 2010 at 2:40 PM
I never liked the phrase “compassionate conservatism”- too squishy. I prefer the phrase once used to describe Chris Christie’s style:
ADULT CONSERVATISM
That’s more like it.
parteagirl on August 29, 2010 at 2:51 PM
Romney is the current favorite. Mitch Daniels will do if Romney doesn’t gain traction.
sharrukin on August 29, 2010 at 2:52 PM
I want self-government regardless of whether or not people are capable of doing it effectively. When self government fails, it fails on a small scale and the damage is limited. When big governments fail, the damage is unbounded and can extend almost infinitely.
Kohath on August 29, 2010 at 2:55 PM
This is the part we still have to play. We cannot vote them in and then feel all good about ourselves and think everything will be ok. We must be harder on a GOP majority than we were on the Democrat one. So to kind of change your ending, hopefully they will find out we will not abide that attitude anymore.
bluemarlin on August 29, 2010 at 2:56 PM
Bush kinda reminds me of the Gerald Ford term in results…
BUT may God bless the man for his being there during 911 and also how he truly cares about his troops.
Maybe it will set up another Reagan like awakening once again….
I can only hope and pray.
golfmann on August 29, 2010 at 2:57 PM
So, basically, as long as there exist stupid people who are able to vote?
oldleprechaun on August 29, 2010 at 3:09 PM
That is Karl Rove’s philosophy, and was the foundation for all his supposed genius moves to elect a permanent GOP majority. Turn the GOP into progressive lite. Something that for some strange reason Limbaugh supported. Mr Limbaugh just had the guy guest host his show not too long ago. Go figure.
True_King on August 29, 2010 at 3:09 PM
Techno, you read my mind. Afterall, cutting taxes was all voo-doo economics to him.
AH_C on August 29, 2010 at 3:11 PM
The democrats are also the party of racial segregation and identity politics.
They seek to alienate Americans from one another and make them dependant on the democrats to address “Fairness”.
That is something the communists played often. Make everyone miserable and then promise salvation. Then the end justifies the means.
Where the GOP loses is when it plays the dems game. We get caught in the “race card” politics and belief that if we are more compassionate that we are better Americans.
It is not compassionate to have people queue up in government lines.
It is not compassionate to make the poor even poorer and dependant on government. New Orleans Katrina happened because we created the dependancy and people wouldnt think for themselves.
It is not compassionate to play a race game. It is a non zero sum game. There are always winners and losers in the race card game and that is why dems play it.
It is not compassionate to bash America. There are many terrible nations out there who get away with murder (Literally) because their people look to a US that spends more time bashing itself that being a leader in Human rights.
It is not compassionate to coddle our enemies. That only empowers them to murder and enslave and expect to abuse our justice system to give them more oportunites to kill.
The honest truth of the matter is the democrats have never been compassionate. All of their ploys are means to seize power and not honest efforts to help people.
William Amos on August 29, 2010 at 3:17 PM
Berkowitz is wrong about one of the above. With the Federal Reserve in charge, money surely does grow on trees!
unclesmrgol on August 29, 2010 at 3:23 PM
Just substitute ‘Liberalism’ with ‘Big Government’ and you have the definition pulled right out of the dictionary.
Or mental illness….but I repeat myself.
BigWyo on August 29, 2010 at 3:34 PM
When it comes to the arena of politics and secular government, I prefer calloused, cold-blooded, merciless, relentless, ruthless, and uncompromising conservatism.
My collie says:
How about “Restore our Liberty…by any means necessary.”?
CyberCipher on August 29, 2010 at 3:36 PM
Rove looks at everything..or used to..from a perspective on how to win elections. He’s very good at it. But any disconnect he seems to have with what’s happening now is the same with all these people. They are out of touch with how completely disgusted the average Joe is with our current government.
BigWyo on August 29, 2010 at 3:41 PM
Hmmmm….that sound like a round about way of putting forth the ban worthy ‘R’ word….
You just watch your step mister.
BigWyo on August 29, 2010 at 3:43 PM
Awesome…so does this mean I can go back to sleep now?
ClassicCon on August 29, 2010 at 3:46 PM
Thanks for posting your list. Hopefully these principles are starting to sink in with the general American populace.
JonPrichard on August 29, 2010 at 3:48 PM
Something I’ve always wanted to ask every time I’ve heard some conservative denigrate Bush’s compassionate conservative approach to his domestic agenda… does this mean that you and others (Malkin, Ingrahm at el) voted for Al Gore in 2000?
Compassionate conservative was the central theme of Bush’s domestic agenda in the 2000 election.
Texas Gal on August 29, 2010 at 4:04 PM
American politics always swing left and right and each time there is a swing, the other side claims victory.
There is nothing wrong with being compassionate. Programs like the Part D program have been very popular with the American people and while they might not be happy with the way things are going, I don’t see them out there demanding that we do away with the discount drug program. In fact, programs like Medicare Advantage as well as HSA’s exist because of that program and the deal made to reach a compromise. Democrats did dislike the parts of the program that required more input in terms of money from seniors and that left negotiating for drug prices in the market place…in fact in the Obamacare bill the Democrats did away with Medicare Advantage and turned the Part D program into something more expensive and more controlled by government. I do think that if the message is that this program was a terrible thing, ten maybe conservatives should not spend a lot of time talking about death panels. After all, if you don’t care about compassion, why care about death panels?
And it should be remembered that Bush also supported the reform of social security, the mother of all entitlement programs.
Americans do not have a problem with some government if they feel is works in their behalf and does not kill private sector alternatives. That is why they prefer to reform social security rather than do away with it entirely.
I think Americans are afraid that we will go bankrupt and will not be able to pay the bills and keep the country going. They fear being Greece.
Terrye on August 29, 2010 at 4:12 PM
Bush ran as the education president, if I remember correctly. It was not as if he pretended to be anything other than what he was. He considered compassion to be a good thing, a moral thing.
Terrye on August 29, 2010 at 4:16 PM
And prepare for Obama to spend that last two years being as petty and vindictive as possible. I suspect he will summarily veto everything from the Republican Congress that crosses his desk.
swash_plate on August 29, 2010 at 4:25 PM
And btw, back when that whole debate about part D was going on, most conservatives did not support opening up the market place to cheaper drugs from other countries. McCain was not a big supporter of a discount drug program for seniors, but he did support cheap imports. These seniors really had no choice when it came to what they would buy, there was virtually no competition.
A lot of conservatives wanted to protect pharma in the hopes that it would inspire more research and development and new and better drugs. However, these same drug companies cut a deal with the Obama administration to support Obamacare.
Terrye on August 29, 2010 at 4:25 PM
George W. Bush for President 2000 Campaign Brochure
‘Opportunity, Security and Responsibility — A Fresh Start for America’
I’m running for President because I want to help usher in the responsibility era, where people understand they are responsible for the choice they make and are held accountable for their actions.
As President, I’ll make our schools accountable for results. I’ll encourage our schools to take more responsibility for teaching character to our children so they understand right and wrong and that actions have consequences. I’ll give local school districts more flexibility to spend money where it is needed to improve our children’s education. I’ll strengthen Social Security, guaranteeing government is responsible for the promises it has made America’s seniors and allowing younger American’s to voluntarily invest some of their Social Security taxes in Personal Accounts. I’ll reform Health Care so every family has access to affordable health insurance, and seniors have a choice of plans, including prescription drug coverage. I’ll rebuild our military, giving it the resources it needs to meet its responsibility to keep the peace. I’ll promote a responsible economic agenda to continue our prosperity. I’ll provide tax relief for all Americans, especially those struggling to make it into the middle class.
I will use the Presidency to promote a greater sense of responsibility across this great country. By encouraging communities to be responsible for their citizens and asking individuals to be responsible for their actions, we will renew our country’s spirit. If elected, when I put my hand on the bible, I will swear to not only uphold the law of the land, but also the integrity of the office to which I have been elected.
Texas Gal on August 29, 2010 at 4:44 PM
Hickenlooper founded fund that supports far-left groups
ninjapirate on August 29, 2010 at 4:45 PM
There will never be an end to progressivism -it is but the centuries old heresy called gnosticism -those chosen few who alone know the secret way to heaven -this time it is merely the earthly paridise of Marxist utopianism that they seek.
Don L on August 29, 2010 at 4:46 PM
It’s not exactly my own idea — or a new one, for that matter. Voici:
CyberCipher on August 29, 2010 at 4:53 PM
Well, naturally. Self-delusion is a requirement of modern liberalism.
Cylor on August 29, 2010 at 5:00 PM
I disagree with Ed here. Bill Clinton was right! The era of big government WAS over in 1994. In fact, it was over in 1980. That’s what the 1994 elections were about. Both Republicans and Democrats proceeded to ignore that reality, which is why neither party has claimed a lasting majority.
George W. Bush ran twice on big-government conservatism, and he lost the popular vote once and barely won it the second time. He never had a mandate for huge expansions of Medicare and Fannie/Freddie housing market meddling. Congressional Republicans thought they could harness big government to serve them and keep their majority. They were wrong and lost their majority as a result.
Barack Obama, Harry Reid, and Nancy Pelosi learned nothing from all of this. The Democrats put together a majority in Congress which included many House and Senate members from places that never embraced big government. They were ignored, while a leadership steeped in 1970s big-government fantasies took over and forced them to make vote after vote for bigger government. Every one of those Democrats is going to lose in November.
I believe this election will put the final nail in the coffin of big government. It was buried in the minds of the people 30 years ago, but enough politicians from the 1970s have hung on, with enough journalists and academics who came of age in the 1970s to cheerlead for it, to keep it rising from the grave over and over. This is the year we finally drive a stake through its heart.
rockmom on August 29, 2010 at 5:03 PM
The
c(C)onservative rebirth
If Obama is the liberal god with a small g, this is Conservatism with a big C.
Real Conservatives only need apply.
Speakup on August 29, 2010 at 5:07 PM
“As long as poverty and perceived injustice exists…” Wrong again, Allah. As long as altruists believe that the moral imperative is to force some to help others, there will be liberal fascists.
The conflict is not political; it’s moral.
Read Atlas Shrugged and get a clue.
Kalapana on August 29, 2010 at 5:14 PM
Kalapana on August 29, 2010 at 5:14 PM
Oops, my bad. I just assumed that Allahpundit had a monopoly on myopia at Hot Air.
Kalapana on August 29, 2010 at 5:16 PM
These are all good thoughts, but as long as the Republicans(as opposed to Conservatives) have the power the federal bureaucracy will continue to run roughshod over US. It will take US, and others like Laura Ingraham to keep the heat on the politicians. In case you missed it:
RADIOONE on August 29, 2010 at 6:39 PM
The problem is that “poverty” and “injustice” are constantly being defined down. People who are “poor” in today’s america do not even remotely meet the historical definition of living in poverty. They have shelter, heat, food, cell phones, computers, internet, big screen tvs, education opportunities, and more. the “homeless” unfortunately are almost all mental health problems that our liberal courts won’t allow us to institutionalize or drug addicts. I’ve had arguments about this with liberals, and their answer is that these people are “poor” relative to others – which means that no matter how good our society makes it for the “poor” by producing wealth and opportunities, the left will always look to destroy that wealth production through redistributive policies.
Our “poor” could live in mansions and eat cavier, but if the mansions were smaller than everyone else’s and the cavier not as good, the left would seek to socialize everything still.
The same holds true for “social justice”. We have mostly dealt with institutionalized discrimination – indeed to such an extent that I have witnessed numerous times institutions, both public and private, decide to make a “diversity” hire, meaning purposefully NOT hiring a white candidate. Any claim of serious racial discrimination in employment is a joke. Thus, we are ever increasing our definition of “discrimination”. For instance, in NY they have tried to include discriminating against victims of domestic violence as employment discrimination. Is that really a serious societal issue? Are jobs routinely firing women b/c they find out they are being domestically abused?
B/c the left lost the argument of what works better to help more people – i.e., capitalism won that argument a long, long time ago – they have changed the argument. Every time there is success at improving the lives of the poor through growing the economy and increasing the standard of living for everyone, the left re-defines poverty.
Every time society moves forward on issues of tolerance, etc., the left finds a new victim class to champion. It won’t be long before the left is championing anti-discrimination laws for pedophiles and the like as they run out of other alleged victims.
Every choice we make is a form of discrimination. If I hire bob instead of ted, I am making a decision as to who I believe is going to be a better employee. That means I am discriminating, whether based on what school each went to, the experience each had, who is fatter, who has a better personality, who likes the same sports teams as me, I am discriminating.
the left wants to take away all choice, that is why they continue to add more nad more silly things to the list of “discrimination”. At some point, we will not have the right to chose anything.
Anti-discrimination laws were necessary for a history of racism. But it has gone too far. We have allegedly have the freedom of association. That right by definition includes the right to exclude as well. I can’t very well be free to associate with who I want if I am not allowed to turn away those I don’t want to associate with.
Monkeytoe on August 29, 2010 at 6:55 PM
2010-2012
=============
Year(s)of the Unleashed and P*ssed Off
Republican Women,H*ll-Bent with Fury to
Retake Back Their Government!!
canopfor on August 29, 2010 at 7:21 PM
Ed, you are so much more effective when you comment on conservatism rather than preach to conservatives. More of the above, please.
Extrafishy on August 29, 2010 at 7:30 PM
The GOP is going to need to come up with something to run on other than, “We don’t suck as bad as they suck.”
Special K on August 29, 2010 at 7:56 PM
In November we can take a few minutes and congratulate ourselves for taking back Congress. After those 5 minutes we will ALL need to work harder to keep our momentum going. It won’t make any difference who wins or loses individual elections because the Liberal animal will be sorely wounded and willing to trample us all in its blind rage. Our failing is that human nature to slack off when we think that things are going our way. This time we need to drive a stake through it’s heart.
Metanis on August 29, 2010 at 7:56 PM
Well said.
Thank goodness we have Conservatives willing to stand up and be counted.
This classic and wonderful article was published recently. It’s GREAT. It details what the fight is right now, and HOW DIFFICULT IT’S GOING TO BE TO DEFEAT PROGESSIVISM (in both parties).
This part of the article talks about how BOTH parties are filled with RULING CLASS American apologists…..…”
PappyD61 on August 29, 2010 at 8:01 PM
It is vital that we do not forget that we have to continue the fight.
Slowburn on August 29, 2010 at 8:17 PM
I think most of us bought into it. I liked the sound of it. The left can make conservatives sound so heartless in the face of real suffering.
But the mortgage fiasco should have proven once and for all that you cannot mandate equal economic outcomes! And giving people stuff doesn’t bring about the same pride of ownership that earning stuff brings.
Becoming prosperous takes hard work and discipline.
It is more compassionate to teach and expect hard work and discipline than to give people stuff.
petunia on August 29, 2010 at 9:32 PM
Sadly, 40% of Americans are complete idiots which means liberalism will live on.
angryed on August 29, 2010 at 9:52 PM
On a message board I post on, in 2005 a couple of liberals proclaimed that Republicans would be out of power for a generation. I intend to rub their noses in that very hard.
But that doesn’t mean we’ll be in power forever, either. As Instapundit says: “Don’t get cocky, kid”.
JimC on August 29, 2010 at 10:03 PM
It’s not my intent to be snarky, but buying into something because it sounds nice is what got us into this current nightmare. And it’s not the left that is making conservatives sound heartless, there are some on the right that have handed them the football.
Bush’s compassionate conservatism approach to his domestic agenda wasn’t about giving people stuff. And he sure didn’t create the mortgage fiasco.
My point is that Bush did as he said he would do. For example, No Child Left Behind and Medicare Part D were clearly his stated intentions when he ran in 2000.
Frankly, every time I hear compassionate conservatism and Bush being bashed around by self proclaimed conservatives, I wonder who they voted for in 2000, was it Gore?
Texas Gal on August 29, 2010 at 10:12 PM
Conservatives couldn’t have done it without Obama-commie. Sometimes people need a reminder who commies really are, then they will responds.
The sales pitch for freebies is not the American way, but we do fall for the hate and lies every once in a while. It would be simpler to read history rather than loop it.
tarpon on August 30, 2010 at 7:22 AM
When Democrats take back the house, senate, and White House in 2042 after decades in the political wilderness, they will spend federal tax money like drunken sailors and try to
reformnationalize health care.
Akzed on August 30, 2010 at 10:05 AMAll posts under:.
WATCH: Cowbell Kingdom 2013 NBA Draft Live Show
Join CK as they preview today’s NBA Draft.
Are the Sacramento Kings’ new decision-makers ready for the 2013 NBA Draft?
How prepared are Pete D’Alessandro and Michael Malone when the Sacramento Kings are on the clock?
Cowbell Kingdom selects Trey Burke for Sacramento Kings in annual TrueHoop Network Mock Draft
The pick is in for CK in this year’s THN mock..
Poll: What should the Sacramento Kings do with the seventh pick in the 2013 NBA Draft?
The draft is coming and uncertainty reigns.
C.J. McCollum gets a second look in Sacramento, headlines Monday’s group workout
The Lehigh product makes a second visit to SacramentoSet within Stanwell House Hotel overlooking the terrace and garden these fresh modern rooms offer distinct views and comfortable relaxing surroundings for your stay.
Rates are per room, per night.
*Denotes Double or Twin
Our five ground floor terrace rooms can occupy dogs. Please contact us in advance to guarantee availability.
The garden rooms at Stanwell House offer comfortable, pratical rooms with access to the garden and terrace areas. They are available as twins or doubles and are perfect for long term stays, families and visitors with dogs. Contemporary design and all of the features you’d expect come as standard, making the Stanwell House garden rooms a consistently enjoyable stay with the added exclusivity of direct access to our beautiful outdoor areas.
You can book a room now by using the booking bar at the bottom of the page.
Want to find out more? Why not make an enquiry online or call 01590 677123Exit this survey "Threads of Our Fabric" - African Sisters 1. Demographic Information What is the connection between your sense of self, control over your life, and your relationship with your environment (family, friends, work, home etc), and your culture and society? This survey seeks to capture the sociocultural factors that flavor the life experiences of African women. Thank you for helping raise awareness on the importance of this critical link in addressing issues concerning us and developing programs that benefit us. Your feedback is very important! By participating in this suvey, you join a growing gathering of a collective strong African voice, presenting our world, our lives...the way we see it. Your honest answers are really appreciated and will help develop an accurate understanding of the rich and dynamic nature of the African Woman - You... Thank you (Nkongteh!!!~Cameroon)"If you educate a man you educate an individual, but if you educate a woman you educate a nation." - Ghana * 1. Please provide the following background infomation. ***Enter your email address if you are interested in further follow-up that will enrich the quality of this survey and provide a more indepth experience. In addition, you will also receive updates on the completion of the project phases. Pick 4 random numbers and the first two letters of your first name (e.g. 4231Ra) Where were you born: City/Town where you currently live: Country where you currently live. When did you move to where you currrently live? Email Address: * 2. How would you describe your relationship status? Married Living with partner Never Married Divorced Widowed Separated * 3. What is your age? 13 and under 14-19 20-35 36-45 46-55 56 and above * 4. When you hear the word "African Woman", what comes to your mind? * 5. Are there, if any, expectations of women in your culture? (Spoken or unspoken standards expected of a woman such as cook, education, spiritual etc...) Next[Date Index]
[Thread Index]
[Author Index]
Re: using functions with package name prefixed.
In article <bu8gma$aiu$1 at smc.vnet.net>, nma124 at hotmail.com (steve_H)
wrote:
> is there a way to use a function from a package without loading
> the whole package, but by simply prefixing the package name to
> the function name?
No. But you can set things up (e.g using Master.m and Kernel`init` as
used in the StandardPackages) to automatically load a (full) required
package in which a particular function resides. For example,
<<Graphics`
LogPlot[Exp[x], {x, 0, 10}]
>.
However, after your Needs (or Get) command has been executed, you can
call a function with the explicit package name. E.g,
Graphics`Graphics`LogPlot[Exp[x], {x, 0, 2}]
works (because the Context of LogPlot is Graphics`Graphics`).
> In Java for instance, I can write Boo.foo(), which makes it more
> clear where foo() is located.
So you can (sort of) do this. If you put each function into a separate
package you could do what you want to do, though this would be rather
clumsy in Mathematica.![endif]-->
Moscow (CNN) -- At the height of a new round of quarreling between Russia and Ukraine over natural gas prices, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Tuesday launched a major pipeline that will start pumping gas to Western Europe next month, bypass.
"The amount of energy that will be delivered to Germany is comparable to the combined output of 11 nuclear-power plants," Putin said. "This is a solid contribution not only to the European but also to the world energy sector."
"Gerhard, I am very glad that we have reached this point," Putin said over a glass of beer after the opening ceremony. He raised a toast to his "good friend" former German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, chairman of the Nord Stream shareholders' committee, a post that he accepted soon after leaving public office in 2005.
The project operator is Nord Stream AG, owned by Russian Gazprom (51%), German BASF SE/Wintershall Holding GmbH and E.ON Ruhrgas AG (15.5% each), and Dutch N.V. Nederlandse Gasunie and French GDF Suez S.A. (9% each).
For the next 50 years, Nord Stream will supply an annual 55 billion cubic meters of gas not only to Germany but to France, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Denmark, Putin said.
Putin said the launch of the Nord Stream means Ukraine is finally losing its exclusive status as a transit country for Russian gas to Europe.
"Any transit country has always the temptation to take advantage of its transit status," he said. "That exclusivity is now disappearing," he said.
The final "golden weld" of the pipeline was completed on the first of Nord Stream's twin pipelines August 19, Russian state TV reported. The pipe was filled with nitrogen on the German side to act as a cushion between the air and natural gas coming from Russia. The gas will gradually displace the nitrogen and fill the pipe to a certain pressure.
It will take "about a month" to fill the new pipeline with gas, aided by a special gas treatment unit, before clients in Europe will get their regular deliveries, Gazprom said. The second stage of the pipeline will be put into operation next year.
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Igor Sechin, who is in charge of the country's energy sector, said lines could be added to the project, in light of the current disagreements between Russia and Ukraine.
However, energy experts point out that even despite the opening of new transport routes, Ukraine will continue to play a pivotal role for the Russian gas exports in years to come.
Speaking in national parliament Tuesday, Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych criticized Ukraine's 2009 gas contract with Russia, which he said was "disadvantageous" to his country.
And one day earlier, in an interview with Kommersant Ukraine daily, Yanukovych said that compared with Ukraine, Germany pays a lower price for the Russian gas.
"We would like to understand what we are being punished for," Yanukovych said. "We are overpaying about $5 billion to $6 billion annually. ... About 20% of the country's national budget is spent on (Russian) gas. We think it's not fair, and our economy can't sustain that price for long.
"We would like to pay what the Germans are paying," he said.
Yanukovych said his country has for a year and a half been in futile negotiations with Russia about changing the terms of the bilateral gas agreement signed by former Ukrainian Prime Minister Julia Tymoshenko, his political archrival.
Tymoshenko, who lost a close presidential election to Yanukovych in 2009, is being held in a pre-trial jail in Kiev. She is charged with abuse of authority in signing the gas contracts with Russia, which Ukraine's prosecutor general's office believes resulted in damage to Ukraine worth almost $190 million. The trial against Tymoshenko has been going on since late June.
Yanukovych told Kommersant Ukraine that if Russia doesn't revise the 2009 contract, Ukraine will bring the case to international courts. The paperwork for a lawsuit has been drafted, he said.
Gazprom President Alexei Miller's reaction was fast.
"Ukraine gets gas for less than consumers in Poland, Hungary, Turkey and Romania," Miller told Russian state TV at Tuesday's pipeline ceremony.
"We have an impression that our Ukrainian partners got on a train called 'Cheap Russian Gas' and don't know what station to get off at, they don't know that they might be heading for a dead end," Miller said. "All that is in the contract has to be fulfilled right until (its expiration at) the end of 2019."
Disputes over energy prices have been the main sticking point in the relations between the two countries.38,318pages on
this wiki
this wiki
Jessen was an Enaran female who grew quite fond of Harry Kim during her time aboard the USS Voyager. The feeling was mutual, and the two of them spent practically the entire trip to Enara Prime together. She was an engineer and worked closely with Torres.
When B'Elanna Torres revealed the memories she had received from Jora Mirell, Jessen was hesitant to believe B'Elanna. She would volunteer to have Torres telepathically link with her to view the visions Torres had. (VOY: "Remember")
Jessen was played by Athena Massey. It is unclear what happened to Jessen's relationship with Harry, as the episode focused on B'Elanna's experiences and the Regressives. No mention was made of Jessen in later episodes so one can assume they went their separate ways.Expect The Best Cleaning, listed under "Janitor Service" category, is located at 1101 S Racine Ave Chicago IL, 60607 and can be reached by (312)491-1200 phone number. Expect The Best CleaningBY:
President Obama was in the Bay Area for a couple of fundraisers on Wednesday, but there are signs that Democratic donors are growing weary of the president’s fundraising, the San Francisco Chronicle reports.
The president made an appearance at a roundtable in San Francisco for the House Majority PAC. According to the Chronicle, this type of event usually has an admission of $32,400 per person. However, some donors were offered tickets at prices as low as $5,000.
Obama also made an appearance at the home of George Marcus, a real estate mogul. Tickets to this event were $10,000. The event had about 90 guests.
The event “drew an older crowd that was noteworthy for the absence of young angel investors, startup stars, and tech leaders who have flocked to fundraisers Obama has held while paying 17 previous visits as president to the Bay Area.”.TabsContactProfessor and Chair Professor, Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering, College of Engineering, Temple University Adjunct Professor, Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation, Feinburg School of Medicine, Northwestern University Director, Virtual Environment and Postural Orientation Laboratory () Director of Research Strategy, CPH 3307 North Broad Street Jones Hall, Room 600 Philadelphia, PA 19140 Fax: 215-707-7500 215-707-4815emily.keshner@temple.edu BiographyDr. she. Dr. Keshner has been continuously funded from the National Institutes of Health since 1989. She currently teaches in the PhD program in the Department of Physical Therapy. Publications/PresentationsKeshner, E.A. (2007). Postural abnormalities in vestibular disorders. In S. Herdman (ed.), Vestibular Rehabilitation, Vol. 3. F.A. Davis Co., Philadelphia, PA. Keshner EA and Dhaher, Y (2008). Characterizing head motion in 3 planes during combined visual and base of support disturbances in healthy and visually sensitive subjects. Gait and Posture, 28: 127-134. Haran FJ and Keshner EA (2008). Sensory reweighting as a method of balance training for vestibular loss. Journal of Neurologic Physical Therapy, 32: 186-191. Dvorkin A, Kenyon RV, and Keshner EA (2009). Effects of roll visual motion on online control of arm movement: Reaching within a dynamic virtual environment. Experimental Brain Research, 193: 95-107. Dokka K, Kenyon RV, Keshner EA (2009). Influence of visual motion and support surface cues on segmental orientation. Gait and Posture, 30: 211-216.Slaboda JC, Barton JE, and Keshner EA (2009). Influence of moving visual environment on Sit-to-stand kinematics in children and adults. Perceptual and Motor Skills, 109: 121-132. Keshner, E.A. (2009). Vestibulocollic and Cervicocollic Control. In M.D. Binder, N. Hirokawa, and U. Windhorst (eds.), Encyclopedia of Neuroscience, Springer-Verlag, Heidelberg, Germany, pp. 4220-4224. Keshner, E.A. (2009). Vestibulospinal Responses. In M.D. Binder, N. Hirokawa, and U. Windhorst (eds.), Encyclopedia of Neuroscience, Springer-Verlag, Heidelberg, Germany, pp. 4250-4253. Keshner, E.A. and Kenyon, R.V. (2009). Postural and spatial orientation driven by virtual reality. Studies in Health Technology and Informatics, 145: 209-228. A. Gaggioli, E.A. Keshner, G. Riva, and T. Weiss (eds.), Innovations in Rehabilitation, IOS Press, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, 2009. Gurses S, Kenyon RV, and Keshner EA (2011). Examination of time-varying kinematic responses to support surface disturbances. Biomedical Signal Processing and Control, 6: 85-93. Slaboda JC, Lauer R, and Keshner EA. (2011). Age-Related changes in transient and adapted postural responses to combined physical and visual perturbations. Neuroscience Letters,91:138-42. Slaboda JC, Lauer R, and Keshner EA. (2011) Continuous visual field motion impacts the postural responses of older and younger women during and after support surface tilt. Experimental Brain Research, 211: 87-96. Grants & ContractsNIH / NICHHD HD069769-01A1 (Lauer, R. PI) Balance and Posture in Adults with Cerebral Palsy NIA AG026470 ARRA Supplemental Award to Support Undergraduate Research NIA/NINDS AG026470 Posture and Orientation in Older Adults and Post-Stroke Temple University Research Seed Grant: Development of a Lab to Explore Multimodal Control of Orientation in Space ResearchDr. Keshner researches sensorimotor integration and how conflicting sensory feedback demands influence the ability to organize effective postural behaviors. Through her work, she examines how the central nervous system uses the neural and biomechanical components of complex, whole body movements when engaged in postural and orientation tasks. The goal of this research is to develop new treatment interventions which will effectively reduce instability and falls in aging and clinical populations. She has created the Virtual Environment and Postural Orientation Laboratory () for both experimental and clinical testing of postural reactions within a simulated dynamic visual environment. She studies several populations including healthy adults and those with balance problems and central nervous system disorders such as stroke, to understand how the control parameters change with age and neurological deficit. Her scientific work has taken an interdisciplinary approach, requiring the collaboration of physiologists, biomechanists, and bioengineers in order to identify the relative contributions of the neural and biomechanical mechanisms of head stabilization. To hear a podcast in which Dr. Keshner discusses falls in the elderly visit: For a demonstration of research in the laboratory visit: Clinical InterestsDr. Keshner's vision for the discipline of Physical Therapy is that it becomes a key player, both in research and clinical application, in the fields of Motor Control and Rehabilitation Engineering. She believes that clinicians must become more intimately involved with engineers, biomechanists, and neuroscientists who are on the cutting edge of research dedicated toward identifying how the central nervous system controls motor behavior and how we might use new technologies to assist patients in recovering and sustaining motor function.Article Preview
Ca. fire from derailed train out, evacuations over
Published 02/22/2010
Firefighters late Sunday put out a stubborn fire sparked by a freight train derailment in central California, allowing residents evacuated because of a toxic cloud to return home, officials said.Word count: 228
The full article is available to newspaper subscribers. If you are a subscriber please log in to continue reading.I’m taking melatonin now again, but even after 2 weeks, I’m still in the dark as to how much is enough. I’m on 6 mg per night (2 tablets at 3 mg each), but I’m a little concerned if that is too high in the long term. After all, I’ve also read of people taking …Continue reading Melatonin dosage – How to know what’s right?
April 23, 2009
You are browsing the site archives for April 23, 2009.Blue Ribbon Bags | A new service to help travelers worry less about lost luggage:
Last year, The New York Times wrote an article about luggage problems in the transportation industry outlining that while the Department of Transportation reported a lower rate of lost, delayed or damaged bags in 2012, this report did not include smaller regional carriers or bags that went missing during international flights. This is why everyone stands at the baggage carousel in fear that they are about to have the dreaded travel experience: their bag will not come out.
A few years ago, Daniel Levine was one of the travelers who experienced this headache when his suitcase was one of the two million pieces of luggage that get lost, stolen, delayed or damaged every year. His headache began after he realized he would have no clothing or bathing suit for his trip, and would have to spend money replacing it all. After he spent 45 minutes, on 3 separate occasions with the airline who lost his luggage (from abroad, costing a small fortune), and dealt with filing a lengthy and time consuming claim, the headache was solidified when he received the news that we would be getting $250 as compensation for his lost luggage- barely an eighth of what his suitcase’s contents were worth.
The minute that Levine came back from his trip he immediately contacted Gabriel Menkin, his business partner, and they started researching baggage insurances, and soon after they founded the company Blue Ribbon Bags.
Blue Ribbon Bags is a service which provides replacement of your bags by charging $5, per person per round trip or one way ticket, to receive $1000, per bag, in the event that your luggage is lost and not returned within four days of your flight landing. There are also options where you can spend $7.50 or $10 and get back $1500 or $2000.
The best part about this service is that no baggage content lists or receipts are required to receive payment. All you have to do is call the 24 hour hotline (888-BAGGAGE) and you then you get a check- no questions asked, and the 5th day after your flight lands.
Another benefit is that this service can be purchased up until the moment before a flight takes off. In addition, the $5 covers every bag you take on the plane, including last minute check-ins at the gate. So if you think you’re carrying your bag on the plane, but ultimately get forced to check it, you can still make sure you have peace of mind when that flight takes off. That way when you get to the baggage carousel, you might even be rooting for your bag not to show up.Mouse over photo to zoom
Color Selected:Tan - 03
Sofwear® Stroller
Item: 051083
$29.99
member price $28.49 [what's this?]
Available Colors…
The ultimate feel-good shoe! Sides expand for total comfort. Ideal for problem feet. Fully cushioned insole and shock-absorbing outsole. 1" heel. Urethane. Imported.
-.Official Website for Corjor International
Corjor International - Official Website
Using his two oldest sons’ names, Corey and Jordan, Ean Williams came up with Corjor as his label’s name. After landing in the pages of Upscale Magazine (Feb 2004) and the front page of the Gazette, Ean Williams, who is now a Washington Life Creative List stylist, wants to go one step further and enable the world to see the great designing talent that is here in the nation’s capitol by producing & sponsoring DC Fashion Week. He is dedicated to helping other aspiring designers show their collections and build their businesses. He is also an advisory board member for the Black Fashion Designers Association, Inc. In 2003 Ean Williams won the “INDIE Best Menswear Designer” award in New York. After gracing the front page of the Washington Times newspaper in 2009, Ean decided to take his brand international. Corjor International had its first European debut at Belgrade, Serbia in June of 2010 and was invited back in December to showcase in Lviv, Ukraine. Both shows produced excellent reviews, essentially leading to his first European accounts. His most recent honor is the 2010 Fashion Icon Award, awarded to him by U Designate Me. Org. Corjor International consists of three brands: Corjor Sport, Corjor Menswear and available by special order, Corjor Couture. Williams recently launched an additional line by the name of Corjor Magnum series, a couture brief collection for men.
LOCATIONS
District of Columbia
Hedari Union Station
50 Massachusetts Avenue Street NW, 2nd Floor, Washington, DC 20002
202.682.2030
Helias Georgetown
1338 Wisconsin Avenue Street NW, nd, Washington, DC 20007
202.333.1241
Dekka Showroom
1338 U Street NW, 2nd Floor, Washington, DC 20009
202.986.1370
Coming FALL 2011
Woodmore Town Center
Conveniently located in Glenarden, Maryland at the interchange of I-495 and Landover Road, Rte. 202 in Prince George’s County with more than 1,000 feet of frontage on the Capital Beltway / I-495.
Maryland
Vina Fabric
958 Swan Creek Rd, Fort Washington, MD 20774
Swann Creek Shopping Center
(Custom Orders Only)
Wholesale Orders
Ascension Management Group
7001 Vismanco Lane
Clinton, Maryland 20735
301.877.6708
By Appointment
100 I Street, Washington DC 20003
Video Links
Corjor Internation at DC Fashion Week (Mood Lounge)
Corjor International on Fashion TV in Belgrade, Serbia
Corjor International at The Park (special music guest Jerimiah)
Ean Williams on DC Cupcakes
866.267.5672
--
Thank you for supporting DC Fashion Week. We are establishing the nation's capital as the center of international fashion. Visit for details. Call 1 800 494 8497 for tickets or order online at. Contact us at 703.662.DCFW (3239) or info@dcfashionweek.org. The next fashion week in Washington is September 19 - 25, 2011. Designer Registration (May 1 - Aug 15) Model Call - August 7.
Website Designed by Anthony McBorrough - 703-296-9510
McBorrough & Associates Solutions, LLC.Telekinesis
Telekinesis
12 Desperate Straight Lines
out: 11.02.2011
12 Desperate Straight Lines
When Telekinesis mastermind Michael Benjamin Lerner set out to record the songs for the follow-up to his debut album Telekinesis! in summer 2010, he found himself with no band, a case of vertigo, and a wrecked van. The long-distance relationship that inspired his debut album’s songs of wanderlust had ended, and he had just returned from a much-needed escape to Berlin where he banished himself to his room to write songs from 9 to 5 each day.
With the original recording date scrapped, Michael was inspired (by the heavy, fuzzy bass of Flin Flon’s A-OK) to buy a bass guitar and, in a sudden burst of inspiration, wrote four more songs for the album. His second attempt at recording led him from rainy Seattle to Portland and Jackpot! Studios, where he once again hooked up with Chris Walla (Death Cab for Cutie, The Decemberists, Tegan & Sara) to continue their partnership from Telekinesis!: Again it was Walla who recorded the songs straight to tape, no-frills style, and on top of producing and mixing them he even lent some of his songwriting skills to the new album (on the track “Gotta Get It Right Now”).
In case you’re wondering why analog tape in this day and age: Yep, it’s true. The man behind this one-man project is still as old school as he was last time around. As a matter of fact, Lerner doesn’t even know how to use a digital camera. “All the pictures I take with them suck,” he says. His songs are more like Polaroids shot with guitars and drums and a mic; shake them a bit and you’ll get to see those huge sing-along melodies. Better yet: they won’t fade. Ever.
Together Chris and Michael tossed out all the rules – as they are wont to do when they get together (see Telekinesis!) – and, as Michael says, “went a little crazy,” with impromptu dance parties and recording drum parts backwards.
The outcome of these sessions is 12 Desperate Straight Lines, twelve new songs of heartache, anger, and even a little hopefulness. Twelve songs that instantly hit you with Lerner’s trademark melodies, with that certain undeniable immediacy and everything else the name Telekinesis has come to stand for: a sense of urgency, a colossal knack for writing powerful and catchy (indie) pop nuggets with a lot of fuzz and occasional distortion. 12 Desperate Straight Lines is certainly straightforward enough to get you moving right away: its production is bigger, more to the point and in-your-face.
However, Lerner’s sophomore effort is not desperately straight: it has its crooked and quirky and even bittersweet moments, it has the occasional prettiness of ballads (“Patterns”), its confessions, intertextual references to Paul Simon even. And of course there’s Lerner’s philosophy of “ever-forward motion”. It actually looks like this man simply has to write huge songs. He has to write them quickly and straight from the gut. Listening to the new album you can tell that music has to be a visceral affair for Lerner. Gut feelings reign supreme.
For the upcoming live dates, Telekinesis has re-emerged with a new band featuring Jason Narducy (Robert Pollard band, Verbow) on bass and Cody Votolato (Jaguar Love, The Blood Brothers) on guitar. The van is fixed, the dizziness is gone, and the young Mr. Lerner has returned with more proof that Spin was right when they said, “If you don’t like Telekinesis, your ears don’t work.”
Stalwart evidence: 12 Desperate Straight Lines. The kind of album that will enter your ears and stay for good. What’s more: It will make you move. And that’s what Telekinesis is all about. Right?This property allows you to book online with a credit card. After submitting a reservation request, the owner or manager has 24 hours to accept, at which time your card will be charged and you will receive an email confirmation
Recent Baldy Mountain reviews
- 
- 
- "This beautiful property was perfect for our family of seven. There was so much space in this beautifully remodeled town home with all the amenities you would dream about in your own home. John, the owner was wonderful to deal with and helped make our stay so enjoyable. The views and surroundings were beautiful! Our only regret was that we couldn't stay longer to enjoy everything. We'll be back next year!!"Guest: Anonymous Date of Stay: August 2014 Review Submitted: September 2,
Featured Destinations: Breckenridge Lodging, Lake Nacimiento, Smoky Mountain Cabin Rentals, Black Butte RanchHere's a multiple choice question for you:
Parties enter into a lease for a commercial retain premises. The initial lease term is for five years, but an addendum to the lease also gives the tenant the option (if there's no default) to "extend the Term of this Lease for 5 (FIVE) YEARS additional FIVE year periods upon the same terms and conditions herein contained." Note the "s" at the end of the word "periods". This provision also refers to "each option term" -- presumably meaning there may be more than one.
The rent payable for any additional term(s) under the lease is to be calculated by using the consumer price index for 1996 over the CPI for 2001 times $3,000, and then next to this equation the word "(etc.)" appears -- presumably meaning that future terms will have an adjustment of 2001 over 2006, etc.
The parties renewed the lease for one five-year term, and then the tenant tried to renew for another five-year term, but the landlord refused.
Which of the following is the correct interpretation of the lease:
(A) The lease only permitted one extension of five years.
(B) The lease permitted multiple five-year extensions (subject to a statutory cap of 99 total years).
(C) It is unclear whether the lease permitted multiple five-year extensions; the lease did not "by express terms or clearly by implication" permit multiple extensions.
The Court of Appeal concludes that the correct answer is (C) -- reversing the trial court's contrary ruling at a bench trial -- and that accordingly, the result is (A).
Agree?INSTEP learns to linger with the Lincoln Center Institute ☆
“What do you notice?” asked Jean Taylor. Sitting in a large circle, the students and faculty of the Teaching of English INSTEP MA program gazed intently at a photograph. “It’s okay to be very simple when we start describing things,” Taylor reassured the group.
“There are three very distinct planes to the image,” said one.
“It has a triangle cut out of the image on the right-hand side.”
“It’s black-and-white!” offered a third, playfully. The room chuckled.
Taylor smiled. “Alright, now let’s go deeper.” The group began to note a sense of isolation created by a fence in the photograph, and how the composition of the picture enabled one to read it naturally, from left to right. “So now we’re not only noticing, but we’re analyzing.”
The INSTEP program allows full-time teachers to earn an MA in three intensive summers at Teachers College. Sunday’s orientation brought together first-, second-, and third-year students, as well as program faculty, to participate in a workshop that highlighted the continuing partnership between the program and the Lincoln Center Institute.
Taylor, a Teaching Artist at the Lincoln Center Institute, led the group in an aesthetic education workshop developed in collaboration with TC faculty Pat Zumhagen. Throughout the workshop, second- and third-year INSTEP students connected their experience to the writings of Maxine Greene, whose work they had read in previous summers. Greene has been the Philosopher-in-Residence at the Lincoln Center Institute since its inception, and is a professor emeritus of Philosophy and Education at Teachers College.
“I once worked with an eighth-grade teacher at Manhattan Day School,” said Taylor, “who used the word lingering. She would ask her students to linger. And it was the most wonderful task because students would simply spend time looking, noticing, analyzing.”
Teaching students to ease into aesthetic analysis in this way, said Taylor, involves guiding them through a series of three levels of thinking about the work at hand: First, “what do you notice?” This open question leaves room for all students to enter the process of inquiry. Second, students are asked to “go deeper,” to make connections between the work at hand and their prior knowledge. And finally, “What questions do you have? What does this work of art make you wonder?”
Taylor’s workshop not only gave the INSTEP students an opportunity to bond with members of their cohort at the beginning of what is sure to be an intense, fast-paced summer of courses — it gave them a set of tools to take into their classroom practice, to help them guide students of all levels into deep and meaningful analysis of art and literature.
Learn more about the Teaching of English INSTEP MA.
Learn more about the Lincoln Center Institute and Jean Taylor.Two space shuttle solid rocket booster casings arrived at NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center Aug. 29 after a transcontinental trip from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida. The insert boosters, each of which is more than 120 feet long and prior to launch into space.
Last Modified: August 30, 2012
Responsible NASA Official: Alan Brown
Curator: PAO Webmasters
NASA Website Privacy StatementTuesday, November 20, 2012
Talk about the opening of your favourite book.
Angry White Pyjamas by Robert Twigger opens in the streets of Tokyo. The protagonist is dawdling along and he finds some ball bearings that are used in gambling halls in the gutter and is childishly enjoying them when suddenly he witnesses a volatile incident between two drivers. As he watches he is on tenterhooks wondering how a salaryman can possibly avoid a beating from a truck driver wielding a piece of wood. The incident ends in the classic abject physical apology of the salaryman bowing on the ground and begging forgiverness to the gratification of the truck driver.
Twigger, aged 30, was given pause for thought. What could he have done if things had escalated? What if he, himself was suddenly attacked? He feels the natural vigour of his physique from his twenties had slid into a pulpy unreliable decay. Before taking us along for the ride of a lifetime as he learns martial arts as taught to the Japanese police force, Twigger paints a picture of the slovenly life he and his flatmates are living. As his uneasiness about his physical weakness gnaws away at him he describes the daily life of physical and intellectual laziness he and his friends shared. Their appliances gathered from dumpster diving, their grimy apartment and cheap crappy food. They lived in a crumbling part of town, and none of them were doing anything worthwhile or even interesting. The three of them decide to shape up and take themselves along to the local Dojo…
I have bought and lent and bought and given away more copies of this book than any other. It may be the book I have read most often, and I’d happily read it again. Being evidently autobiographical it kind of fizzles out at the end, but the book itself is gripping – and has won both a literary award and a sports writing award.
***
In animal based news I will find out today whether WE MIGHT FOSTER WATSON!!!!!
The facebook blurb on him said;
I NEED A FOSTER HOME WHILE I WAIT FOR MY FOREVER HOME!
Watson is a 2 year old neutered male Mastiff cross who is looking for his new home after finding himself on the streets with his one eyed cat friend as his previous owners had lost their home and could not take him with them. This handsome boy is friendly, affectionate and loves being around people. He is good with other dogs and could possibly live with a calm female. We would prefer to rehome Watson to someone with previous experience with large breeds. As he is still young, he would benefit from further training and socialisation. He can live with children aged 12 years plus.
No matter how lovely he is, though, if we take him on we have to work hard to get him rehomed. I know perfectly well that my eyes are bigger than my stomach, and it is completely out of the question for me to keep two dogs… but a temporary visitor? I know, it will probably be heartbreaking when he is adopted, but still!
***
Slightly late to the party, I had been waiting for a good patch to start to watch (and read the subtitles of) the new series of The Killing. Not only am I a big fan of nordic noir, but I am also a keen watcher of the outfits of the leading ladies. A couple of days ago I started hearing ripples about the new jumper Sarah Lund is sporting. Here it is;
The chevron effect is unfortunately something I would really not rock, what with my large frontage. DAMMIT. Why is my taste in clothes not commensurate with my figure? POOR ME!!!
For the past three series she has been noted for her uniform of fairisle jumpers. Not something I fancy, since I can feel them itch from here.
Pingback: Reading and Writing, a Stylish Granddad, and My Slow Day « elaine4queen·House measures undermine e-gov efforts, proponents argue
House bills restrict competitive sourcing
The House has approved a series of measures that e-government proponents argue would undermine a five-year effort to establish a governmentwide information technology infrastructure.
Provisions included in spending bills approved by the House in recent weeks limit the power of federal agencies to transfer e-government money. The provisions also cut funding for some e-government projects and entirely eliminate funding for the Transportation Department's Office of the Chief Information Officer.
For example, an amendment to the departments of Transportation, Treasury, and Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, District of Columbia and Independent Agencies appropriations bill for fiscal 2006 would eliminate the General Services Administration's eTravel budget.
"These mega-contracts have clearly gone too far, and it is time that we say, 'Enough is enough,' " said Rep. Nydia VelÃ¡zquez (D-N.Y.), sponsor of the measure to cut eTravel. Lawmakers approved it 233-182, and it now awaits Senate action.
VelÃ¡zquez's amendment would cause "the shutdown, the entire shutdown of the eTravel program," said Rep. Joe Knollenberg (R-Mich.), chairman of the House Appropriations Committee's Transportation-Treasury subcommittee.
Another amendment passed by a voice vote eliminates funding for the DOT CIO's office and transfers its $11.9 million budget to Amtrak, the financially strapped train service.
A spokesman for the amendment's author, Rep. Steven LaTourette (R-Ohio), said DOT and the CIO's office would continue functioning despite the funding cut because the department's secretary or Congress can shift funds to or from any office, including the CIO's.
"We're not trying to eliminate anything," the spokesman said.
LaTourette's amendment increases
Amtrak's original $550 million budget to $1.2 billion by taking the money from various DOT offices.
"The funding levels of $550 million would force Amtrak to shut down all operations and declare bankruptcy," LaTourette said. "America relies on this service."
Some policy watchers doubted the move was an attack on the CIO, noting that the Senate Appropriations Committee and DOT's inspector general recently voiced concerns about the budget for the CIO's office.
However, Mark Forman, former OMB administrator for e-government and IT, said the move was most likely retribution. "That's the way it works on the Hill," he said.
GSA and DOT officials declined to comment on the House bill.
Another section of the Transportation-Treasury bill would prohibit cross-agency transfers of funds for e-government projects until the Office of Management and Budget submits plans to Congress detailing the use of those funds and how it would affect other programs.
That amounts to an illegal legislative veto over executive branch action, White House officials said in a statement of administration policy. The statement contained a veto threat against a handful of provisions, including the limits on cross-agency transfers because it would weaken the President's Management Agenda.
Not included in the White House veto threat was a $2 million reduction of the central e-government fund. The reduced amount of $3 million for e-government in fiscal 2006 went unchallenged on the House floor.
The OMB e-government provision is still relatively better than language approved by the full House and the Senate Appropriations Committee in the spending bill covering the Justice Department and other agencies, e-government proponents say.
A provision in the House version of the bill that covers NASA and the Commerce, Justice and State departments would prevent those agencies from reallocating funds for e-government projects by eliminating or reorganizing existing programs until after notifying Congress of their intentions.
Congress is acting as a roadblock to
e-government transformation, Forman said. The plan was for agencies to turn off redundant systems during fiscal 2004, but they didn't do that, he said. "Now it's 2005, and they still didn't do it," he added.
Government officials often talk about the need to better educate Congress about e-government, but now "we're at a point of overcoming resistance to change," Forman said.
Appropriators are uncomfortable with cross-agency solutions because accountability becomes blurred, Forman said. But unless lawmakers can embrace governmentwide solutions, "it's going to be very destructive to the federal government," he said.
Whether all the provisions become law remains an open question. "If I were [DOT CIO] Dan Matthews, I wouldn't be updating my résumé yet," said Paul Brubaker, executive vice president and chief marketing officer at SI International, adding that LaTourette's amendment "has pretty much zero chance" of:For the best PayPal Community experience, please turn on JavaScript and enable cookies. This can be done in your web browser's settings area.
02-14-2010
08:56 AM
I want to change my bank account with PayPal from a French one to a UK one, but it won't let me. The only country choice I'm given is the US or France, both of which are no good as I no longer live in France, or the US for that matter. Could somebody please help me with this, thanks.Members of Denver's Abraham Lincoln High School cross country team spent a
morning volunteering for One World Running, a Boulder non-profit that sends
shoes to needy children and young adults in Africa and Central America.
Coach Oscar Ponce (far right) was an all-state runner at Denver East High
School and later an All-Big 12 runner for the University of Colorado. A
story about his re-starting the cross country program at Abraham Lincoln
High School will be featured in the September 2009 issue of Running Times.
For more about One World Running, visit.>>.'"
Should.
Let's see the menu (Score:4, Interesting)
My heterogeneous experience with Cell processor (Score:5,..
Well, I'm panicked... (Score:5, Interesting)
Re:Panic? (Score:0, Interesting)
User experience is not a useful metric for performance, unless you consider media encoding , decoding and rendering. 10 years ago I was running a P166, what kind of framerates would I get with a modern game using a software renderer? What kind of framerates would I get for decoding a HD video stream?
Do you seriously think a 12 year old P166 will provide a comparative user experience to a modern 8 core 3GHz machine? You're putting it down to "the OS's that run on them", which is interesting since user mode x86 emulation with QEMU runs W2K faster on my laptop than on the hardware I ran it on back in 1999.
Help me understand the distinction (Score:3, Interesting).
Re:My heterogeneous experience with Cell processor (Score:0, Interesting)
Next year we might even get the same processor with 32 SPU, still hard to program but it means 8MB total of data on the chip, which opens some opportunities (unfortunately the memory size per SPU seems to be set in stone at 256kB).
I'm interested in programming the Cell for doing some signal processing, most of which will be single precision FFT, an application where it seems to rock. I think that the data flow between SPU is relatively easy to organize for my purpose. OTOH, it seems nobody wants to sell bare Cell chips, which is sad, since I would love to try to interface it to high speed (1-2Gsamples/s) ADCs.
Re:My heterogeneous experience with Cell processor (Score:1,.
A lot of this is just due to the lack of a good platform, there is nothing that prevents demand paging of data SPEs need and the C++ features are just due to the current implementation of the runtime. I will agree that the Cell is aimed a little bit too much at the video and game markets in its current implementation though, think of it as a first step, if they can make is successful and some better platforms and tools materialize then imagine having 64 SPEs with different groups of specialized functions, perhaps some aimed at linear algebraic functions, some at more analytical, etc.. some kind of parallel multiprocessing is the future, that much is a given, it's just a matter of figuring out the right model.
Re:Should Mimick The Brain (Score:3, Interesting)
So while there's nothing wrong in looking at our radically imperfect understanding of the brain, which is in no better state than pre-flight understanding of bird aerodynamics, it is optimistic to expect that it will provide much guidance in building programmes for multi-core processors, or for building those processors themselves. Neural networks, the most famously brain-like system architecture, are famously hard to "programme" (train) and essentially impossible to debug (interpret).
The article suggests that heterogeneous multi-core architectures may be best represented to the programmer as a set of heterogeneous APIs, much as graphics-specific APIs are now. While this is vaguely consistent with the idea that "different parts of the brain do different things", I don't think the brain analogy brings anything useful to the table, and past experience should make us very wary of trying to draw any deeper inferences from it. Aeroplanes do look vaguely like birds, but that doesn't mean we should dispense with vertical stabilisers...
One could equally well argue that neurons in the brain are fairly homogeneous, and each core could be considered a neuron. We know that different parts of the brain are remarkably adaptable. Stroke patients often regain function due to other parts of the brain taking over from the bits that were destroyed. So on this analogy, homogeneous processors that could be adapted to multiple tasks is the way to go.
Demonstrating fairly conclusively that the brain analogy is pretty much useless, as it can be manipulated to appear to support whichever side of the debate you've already decided is the right one.
Re:My heterogeneous experience with Cell processor :Panic? (Score:-1, Interesting)
Functional programming makes a lot of common problems mindblowingly easy, especially when you can switch to an imperative style where it makes sense with no loss of clarity (such as the web app I'm currently deploying, where obviously some user-state would need to be managed). The only close-to-legit argument against Scheme I've heard is its lack of OO, but as Graham said, "Object-oriented programming is exciting if you have a statically-typed language without lexical closures or macros. To some degree, it offers a way around these limitations."
Then again, it is of course only my *opinion* that most applications make more sense in a functional style with a bit of imperative code where you're actually dealing with the state of something the application relates to. If you've spent your life in C++/Java/etc... land and it's just too big of a change, there's also Common Lisp, which is basically the opposite. Primarily imperative with a fucking brilliant OO system and a package system for namespace separation that imperative code often needs to avoid various developers clobbering eachother's code, but functional style is also right there when you need it (of course if that were my thing and I knew it wouldn't be anything complicated enough that their simplistic OO could cleanly substitute for macros, I'd probably look at Python or Ruby...).
Anyway, many would argue that a "simple procedural language" is more often than not a huge pain in the ass leading to silly things like "design patterns" and rampant misuse of OO where all you needed was a couple first class procedures or a closure or a macro, just as a "pure" functional language makes you deal with silly bullshit like monads and streams when all you needed was to set a variable somewhere. Such is the nature of extremes. Neither have much place in the future.
Re:Panic? (Score:2, Interesting).
Re:Panic? (Score:3, Interesting)
This also goes to the bloat - as programmers have typically stopped optimizing code. Thus there are more lines of code in delivered software - often having more and more abstraction layers in them, which doesn't help either. So the overall effect is that the software takes longer to do the same function.
In the end, despite the increase in processing power, the programs run as slow or slower than before. Numerous reasons for it. The GP of my original post in this thread is still correct..
Re:Specialisation is inevitable (Score:3, Interesting)
Trouble is, filling four cores is quite a bit more iffy.
Re:Panic? ?'Travel Pack' - Contains 6 coolmint brushes... our best selling flavour
All orders despatched next day
for assistance call + 44 (0) 207 692 4824 (dispatched from London, England).
Coolmint, Bubblegum, Original, Teeth Whitening
15 @.55p each – £8.25, 30 @.50p each – £15.00, 50 @.45p each – £22.50, 100 @.40p each – £40.00,Like everyone else, we’re really looking forward to Sunday night when Peyton Manning and the quick-tempo Denver Broncos travel to New England to face Tom Brady and the Patriots.
The focus, of course, will be on Manning versus Brady. We’ll hear how Brady has a 9-4 record against his old nemesis, including a 2-1 record in the playoffs. Someone will note that Brady has three Super Bowl rings and Manning has just one.
And, of course, Manning has that Mr. Potato Head forehead while Brady looks like a GQ model. Ultimately, Sunday’s outcome won’t be as important to their legacies as what they do in the playoffs this year and in what remains of their careers.
Thing is, Manning was stamped as a bad big-game quarterback because of playoff failures early in his career. And Brady got the stamp of big-game approval when he won his first 10 career playoff games.
But, really, is Brady that much better of a postseason quarterback? And how have they performed with the most on the line compared with some of the other top quarterbacks in the game today and in recent history? Glad you asked.
Manning has a 9-11 record in the playoffs, and it didn’t help that he lost his first three career playoff games to the likes of Tennessee quarterback Steve McNair, Miami’s Jay Fiedler and Chad Pennington of the Jets.
Talk about marked for life.
He finally got past the big-game jinx and beat the Brady Bugaboo in the 2006-07 playoffs, rallying Indianapolis from a 21-6 deficit to beat Brady and the Patriots 38-34 for the AFC title.
Then Manning capped it with his only Super Bowl victory — OK, maybe by default — over, ahem, Rex Grossman and the Chicago Bears.
Since then, though, he has lost twice to Philip Rivers and the Chargers, beat Joe Flacco and the Ravens and Mark Sanchez of the Jets, then lost to Drew Brees, Sanchez and Flacco.
Ouch.
Brady hasn’t been much better of late. Since winning those first 10 playoff games, which included two Super Bowls, he is 7-7 and has lost five of his past eight.
The first career playoff loss came to Jake Plummer and the Broncos in 2005-06. Along the way, he is 0-2 in Super Bowls against Peyton’s brother Eli. He is 0-1 against Peyton. He has lost to Flacco twice and to Sanchez.
And his only playoff victories after 2007-08 have come against Tim Tebow and the Broncos, Flacco and the Ravens and Matt Schaub, who has been benched in Houston.
In a what-have-you-done-for-me-lately league, Brady’s answer is “not much.” But his 17 playoff victories are the most in NFL history and Manning’s 11 losses are tied with Brett Favre for the most.
So, scoreboard.
The best when it matters
Statistically, Manning and Brady haven’t been that different in the postseason. Manning has completed 63.2 percent of his throws with 32 touchdowns and 21 interceptions. He has an 88.4 passer rating in the playoffs.
Brady has completed 62.3 percent with 42 TDs and 22 interceptions. His rating is 87.4. Manning throws for more yards, but he also throws more often.
Of course, when it comes to an argument about the best quarterbacks in the postseason, it’s hard to make one against Joe Montana, even if you try to ignore the 4-0 record in Super Bowls.
Montana was 16-7 in the playoffs with 45 touchdowns and 21 interceptions. He completed 62.7 percent of his throws and had a passer rating of 95.6.
Manning’s boss in Denver, John Elway, was 14-8 with 27 TDs and 21 interceptions. He completed only 54.5 percent with a 79.7 rating, but played in four Super Bowls and has two rings.
Troy Aikman of the Cowboys won 11 of his first 13 postseason games with three Super Bowl rings. He lost his last three but still had an 88.3 passer rating with 23 TDs and 17 interceptions.
Before those guys, Terry Bradshaw of the Steelers, Roger Staubach of the Cowboys and Bart Starr of the Packers were some of the better playoff QBs.
More recently, Ben Roethlisberger, 31, probably has the resume closest to Manning and Brady. He is 10-4 in the playoffs with three Super Bowl appearances and two rings. He has completed 60.6 percent with 20 TDs and 17 interceptions for an 83.7 rating.
Eli Manning, 32, runs hot or cold in the playoffs, but when he gets hot, watch out. He is 8-3 with 17 touchdowns, eight interceptions, a passer rating of 89.3, two Super Bowl rings and a 61.5-percent completion percentage.
Drew Brees, at 34, probably isn’t going to have enough playoff games to figure into the all-time discussion. He is 5-4 now, but his numbers are off the charts: 66.8 percent. 22 TDs. Four interceptions. A 103.9 rating. One Super Bowl ring.
Aaron Rodgers of the Packers, meanwhile, is only 29 and already has numbers that are right there with Brees. He is 6-3 in the postseason with one Super Bowl ring. Rodgers has completed 66.1 percent with 18 touchdowns and five interceptions for a 103.6 rating.
Reach The Heat Index at 602-444-8271 or bob.young@arizonarepublic.com. Follow us on Twitter @BobYoungTHI.National
One of Indonesia’s most-wanted terror masterminds, Umar Patek, faces his first trial at the West Jakarta District Court today.
The prosecutors have leveled multiple charges at Patek, and if convicted he could face a life sentence.
Rather unusually, the trial is led by a panel of judges comprising five judges instead of the usual three. The panel is led by presiding judge Lexsy Mamonto.
More than 250 uniformed police officers have been deployed to safeguard the trial, which has attracted the attention of dozens of journalists, both local and foreign.
“We’ll do our best to safeguard the trial,” West Jakarta Police chief Sr. Comr. Suntana told The Jakarta Post on Monday.
Patek’s role in several terrorist plots was first revealed through the testimonies given by his fellow terrorists who had been nabbed by the police’s counter terrorism special task force after the church bombings in 2000 and the first Bali bombing in 2002.
He was among those who built the bombs used in the bombings. Some even acknowledged that Patek’s bomb-making skills were equal to the late Dr. Azhari, who died during the 2005 police raid in Batu, Malang in East Java, and was known for his bomb-making skills.
Patek was arrested in Abbottabad, Pakistan, just a few weeks before US special forces killed Osama Bin Laden.(rpt)Posted by maxwell99 on May 10, 2014 at 20:47:31 from (70.215.130.63):
In Reply to: John deere 2 bottom plow. posted by jdeere830 on May 10, 2014 at 07:42:08:
Points make all the difference in the world when it comes to plowing. The points must be in good to excellant condition for the plow to work properly.
Have an old farmer look at then, many old plows were retired when the points.Bulgaria May Set Up Out-Of-Court Dispute Settlement Body in Commerce
Bulgaria mulls setting up an authority tasked with out-of-court dispute resolution between producers and traders, according to Deputy Prime Minister Daniela Bobeva.
Speaking Friday in Parliament, she noted that the step had yielded good results in the countries where it had been applied.
Bobev, as cited by the Bulgarian Telegraph Agency, informed that a set of changes to the Consumer Protection Act would be submitted to Parliament soon.
Bulgaria's Deputy Minister pointed out that the restoration of the balance between producers and traders in the sphere of commerce was a major priority of the government, adding that the goal was to be achieved mainly through the introduction of legal changes aimed at guaranteeing the equal treatment of the two sides in the process.
She expressed regrets that the talks with major retail chains on the matter did not run smoothly, stressing that the legislation targeted unfair commercial practices in general, regardless of the entity which applied them.
Bobeva stated that statistics indicated a "certain degree of concentration" in domestic retail trade in several major chains of stores over the past 7-8 years.
Bulgaria's Deputy Prime Minister argued that "particularly unfavorable trends" were discernible as regards the participation of local producers in retail trade.
On February 11, representatives of the government informed at a business forum that domestic legislation concerning retail changes would be amended. Prime Minister Plamen Oresharski leveled criticism at the sector, stressing that local and international suppliers were being treated differently. Representatives of retail chains opposed the measure, warning that the new provisions would result in dramatic price spikes.
Bobeva informed Friday that the authorities had conducted 733 inspections at supermarkets and hypermarkets across the country, issuing 7 administrative penalty statements and 34 lists of recommendations for removing the irregularities detected. She said that the most common violations were related to labeling requirements.
As regards the idea to close the Bulgaria's State Commission on Commodity Exchanges and Wholesale Markets, she said that the process of including the commission into the structure of the Ministry of Economy and Energy aimed to boost the control functions of the authority.
She insisted that the step was not simply aimed at cutting administrative staff but at enhancing oversight.
Bobeva also informed that an analysis of the current state of commodity exchanges and wholesale market had shown that a large number of them were experiencing serious financial difficulties.
- »iHerb Customer Reviews
Customer Ratings
Reviews English
Sort By
Items 1-3 of 3 total
mixes great with water
Posted by Reviewer3232701 on May 04, 2012
I think this is a great product. It is kind of messy getting it out of the container sometimes, put it mixes well with water and doesn't taste bad (just a little bitter). I have read great things about yucca and am please to find this without alcohol. I think this is a great product and wish they sold larger bottles!
good product bad solubility
Posted by Reviewer2989465 on Jan 14, 2011
good product bad solubility
cannot see the result
Posted by Reviewer1546038 on May 10, 2011
cannot see the result
Items 1-3 of 3 total“
Posted in Uncategorized
“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” – Andre Gide
Thoughts?
Posted in Uncategorized
On cupcakes. So good and so bad :)
Posted in Uncategorized
I dropped $40 on the street while rushing for the subway. Some woman stopped and returned it to me. So nice :)
Ask. People are often afraid or uncomfortable asking for things. Particularly help. I had a conversation with my CIO the other day and he brought this up. I think its very valid.
You wonder should I or shouldn’t I. Maybe I can figure it out. Or I shouldn’t bother that person. Or you pass up on something saying to yourself its not that important.
I’m going to try and be more conscious of this for myself going forward. And then same thing for doing. Sometimes you hesistate in doing something. Although I’ve become pretty good at that. At least at work. I do what I want til they tell me not to :p and then I question why not haha
Oh of course all this assumes what you are doing or saying is appropriate and the delivery is also proper.
I’m hungry. Unfortunately I ate my chocolate bar last night so I have nothing in my bag right now. Probably not the best thing for breakfast anyhow.
Wednesday! Weeks been good so far and I have a good feeling about today. :)
This is my first mobile blog post. Hopefully I can blog more often now. Assuming I get a seat on the train…
Life is a funny funny thing…
Posted in UncategorizedSamy Badawy and wife Toby Shawe were expecting their third child in 1994 and living in a small house in Roxborough.
They needed more space, and each had priorities for a new home.
"Samy wanted light," Shawe said, "and I wanted our bedroom to be separate from the kids' bedrooms."
The couple found a light-filled, mid-century-modern house with separate sleeping wings and much more in the nearby Wissahickon section of Roxborough.
Arthur M. Tofani Jr. had designed the futuristic home on a sloping lot in 1949, just two years after he earned a degree in architecture from the University of Pennsylvania. Its limestone facade, pierced with narrow panes of colored glass, was crowned with a row of clerestory windows. The glass back wall faced a terraced rock garden.>Crescent City California News, Sports, & Weather | The Triplicate
Rollin “Bud” Smith III, 34, a former Crescent City resident, died July 10 in an accident on the Trinity River. He was born Nov. 18, 1979.
A celebration of life is set for noon, Saturday, July 26, at Freshwater Park near Eureka. For details, please see the Facebook site Friends of Aleah Smith andUnder FTC Settlement, Intel Will Quit Using Carrots, Sticks
At long last, Intel’s antitrust tangle with the Federal Trade Commission is over. The company today inked a settlement with the
FTC resolving charges that it illegally stifled competition in the chip market.
Without admitting any wrongdoing, Intel (INTC) agreed to a set of provisions intended to prevent it from abusing its market position. Specifically, the settlement prohibits Intel from offering rebates and discounts to PC makers to dissuade them from using rivals’ chips. It also forbids the company from retaliating against PC makers who do choose to use competitors’ chips.
One thing it doesn’t do: Levy a fine, since the FTC lacks the authority to impose a financial penalty on a company that abuses its monopoly position. Welcome news for Intel, which has already paid out about $2.7 billion in settlements and fines to end AMD’s and the European Union’s antitrust cases against it.
“Intel is a great American success story, and we want that to continue,” FTC Chairman Jon Leibowitz said this morning. “The conduct documented in our investigation happened in the past. This settlement will allow Intel and the marketplace to move forward….Today’s settlement gives certainty to all of those in the industry–including, by the way, Intel–and clarifies the rules of the road. We believe we’re going to see, or begin to see, a more competitive landscape very, very soon.”
Intel’s settlement with the FTC might offer certainty to all those in the industry, but not satisfaction. The company still faces a lawsuit brought against it by Nvidia, which was quick to remind everyone of that fact.
“Nvidia supports the FTC’s action to address Intel’s continuing global anticompetitive conduct,” the company said in a statement. “Any steps that lead a more competitive environment for our industry are good for the consumer. We look forward to Intel’s actions being examined further by the Delaware courts later this year, when our lawsuit against the company is heard.”HANCOCK - Work has begun on a two-year bridge-widening project along Interstate 70 in Hancock at the Tonoloway Creek in an area known as "Concrete Hill."
The work will disrupt traffic from time to time, State Highway Administration engineers said.
The $6.5 million project will add a third lane in each direction on the existing bridges, said Fred Crozier, an SHA district engineer based in LaVale, Md.
Motorists traveling along I-70 may expect some single-lane closures in both the eastbound and westbound lanes during construction, which is expected to be completed by 2004.
Those closures could be at any hour although efforts will be made to keep as many lanes moving as possible during peak traffic times, Crozier said.Eszopiclone and Inflammatory Mediators in Patients With Acute Coronary Syndrome
The recruitment status of this study is unknown because the information has not been verified recently.
Verified January 2009 by University of Arizona.
Recruitment status was Recruiting
Recruitment status was Recruiting
Sponsor:
University of Arizona
Collaborators:
Sunovion
Southern Arizona VA Health Care System
Information provided by:
University of Arizona
ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier:
NCT00822679
First received: January 12, 2009
Last updated: January 13, 2009
Last verified: January 2009
- Full Text View
- Tabular View
- No Study Results Posted
- Disclaimer
- How to Read a Study Record
No Study Results Posted on ClinicalTrials.gov for this StudyHey duders, my friend and I just uploaded a new youtube video late last night and I thought some of you guys might enjoy it. I don't think this is youtube spam since it's a personal crestion and not just some link to a funny video, but either way let me know what you liked, disliked and any other feedback you have..
Minecraft Call of DutyJob Opportunities at WWF-Pacific
Working with Inshore Fishing Aggregating Devices.
Communications Manager Patricia Mallam tagging turtles with children on Kavewa Island Jarvis over at BuzzMachine has this fascinating item on the French obsession with blogging—and he sources an Indian site for the information, so welcome to the global society. Newswatch India looks interesting. Jarvis calls his post the “Frogosphere.” I couldn’t top it.
Here’s what the item says:
“PARIS: Already famed for angry labour the personal and public journals of the Internet age.
60% of French Internet users visited a blog in May, ahead of Britain with 40% and little more than a third in the United States, according to Comscore, an Internet ratings service.
Likewise, French bloggers spent more than an hour in June visiting France’s top-rated blog site, far ahead of the 12 minutes spent by Americans doing the same and the less than three minutes by Germans, according to Nielsen/NetRatings, a sister company to the television ratings giant.
More than three million Internet users, or more than 12% of those online in France, have created a blog, a study released in June by the ratings agency Médiamétrie found.
“You cannot be elected president of France without a blog,” said Benjamin Griveaux, director of Web strategy for Dominique Strauss-Kahn, a former finance minister and current member of Parliament who in 2004 was among the first politicians to start a blog.
“Blogs have not replaced traditional media, but they are absolutely necessary for every politician.” Some bloggers even harbour a faint hope that flourishing online discussions might curb the French population’s penchant for taking to the streets in protest.
I find this utterly fascinating and hugely important. But are the French smoking and drinking coffee at home while they blog as they do in cafes when they talk? I hope so.
That isn't really surpising given the French are very good at talking and not much about doing. They have a 200 year history of throwing their hands in the air and asking what do we do now??? So now they have a forum where they can jabber and tell everyone how intelligent they are, but don't do anything about it.
Hello My friend
I am from Iran.
You Have a Nice Website.
You Can see My blog is This address:
ThankySlide Rock remains off-limits for swimming
Swimming is still banned at Slide Rock State Park in Oak Creek Canyon. Park officials say water in the canyon remains unhealthy. KJZZ’s Al Macias reports
AL MACIAS: The popular slide rock area was closed Sunday after park officials recorded high levels of fecal coliform. Campers, hikers, pets, wildlife and monsoon rains combine to wash a lot of waste into the Slide Rock Canyon. Steve Pace is the park manager.
STEVE PACE: The animals are using the underbrush as a bathroom, and the humans do that, too. And when it rains it washes that into the creek. A lot of that is a natural process and we can’t really do anything about it, protect people, let them know, and keep them out of the water until it turns safe again.
MACIAS: A Department of Environmental Quality study also cites malfunctioning septic tanks at cabins along Oak Creek as another contributing factor to the pollution problem. The park itself remains open. The water quality is updated every morning.“Heineken Inspire” Tour Brings Out Big Boi, Jermaine Dupri & More In Atlanta This Weekend: Sign Up For Your Tickets Now!!!
The summer is soon coming to an end, but that doesn’t mean the party has to stop.
On Saturday, September 4th, Heineken brings “Heineken Inspire”, a day of creativity in music, food, and more to Atlanta.
The all day event will feature special performances by Big Boi, Jermaine Dupri and other surprise guests. or Heineken Light on Draught.
For more information please visit the Inspire tab on the Heineken Red Star Soul Facebook fan page:.
While you’re there, be sure to cast your vote to bring the encore performance back to Atlanta!
- BobTyranT
- Kenneth SeaborneHi,
When I try to generate the rdlc report with enbedded manner, its giving error...But When I check it from a Local Path it's working good. Only for embedded report it's giving error... Any ideas for me?
Thanks
01. When I check the report1.rdlc properties,
Content = False ...Is it has to be true?
02. When I give the below command it's giving the error... Is it mistake?
reportViewer1->LocalReport->ReportEmbeddedResource = "MyReportProject::Report1.rdlc";
Thanks Again
View Tag Cloud
Forum RulesIf you need a new copy of it, I was able to rescue it from my browser cache!
I don't know what he meant about not getting it -- it made all the sense in the world to me!
Spectre_Eric wrote:Looking for this?
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 1 guestCULLMAN, Alabama — People who attend Cullman's Oktoberfest celebration this year will be able to get a beer.
The Rotunda building in the warehouse district is slated to host a beer garden which will be managed by Smith Farms owner Rodger Turner. The area is beside the Festhalle Market Platz, which hosts several Oktoberfest events, and across the street from Depot Park.
The Cullman Times reports it's the first time since Cullman Oktoberfest formally began in 1977 that alcohol will be available as part of the festivities, following the approval of a referendum by city voters last year.
The Cullman City Council approved Turner's request earlier this week for a special event license to sell beer and wine during the festival.
The weeklong Cullman Oktoberfest 2011 is set for Oct. 1-8.
No Study Results Posted on ClinicalTrials.gov for this StudyAnother lovely view of Lake Champlain, from Waterfront Park in Burlington, Vermont, USA #BTV Vacations In Vermont, Burlington Vt, College'S Vermont, Romantic Vermont, Favorite Photos, Burlington Waterfront, Waterfront Photos, Vermont Town, Lakes Champlain
Related Pins
Sunset On Lake Champlain Lighthouse - Burlington, Vermont
November Sunset On Lake Champlain, Burlington, Vermont, USA...
Breakwater Light In Burlington Vermont ~ Photo by...Robert Magina©...
burlington, vermont....these chair swings were fun to sit on and hang out and read on a nice day! Right on Lake Champlain
"On the shore she could see cottages and boathouses, and the fleeting thought crossed her mind that maybe one day she might live in a place like this." –Lake Champlain, Vermont
Lake Champlain, Burlington, Vermont, USA
Burlington Waterfront Photo: Marty DesiletsThe midway point of District 2-5A arrives tonight, and both Amarillo schools look like strong front-runners with the homestretch looming.
Tascosa will be the first team to three wins in district play if the Rebels beat Lubbock Coronado at 7:30 p.m. today at Lubbock's Lowery Field. After three straight losses to some quality opponents prior to district play, Tascosa has won two in a row to open district play and has gained an inside track on one of the district's playoff spots.
The Rebels (4-3, 2-0 in district) appear to be rounding into shape at the opportune time.
"We're relatively healthy for this time of year and we're 2-0," said Tascosa coach Ken Plunk in assessing the credit side of his team's ledger. "I think in certain positions we're much improved but we've got to keep playing well. Each week is a different game and a different challenge."
The Rebels are coming off their most convincing win of the season, routing Lubbock High, 44-3, last week. They dominated Lubbock High defensively, as Jacob Hall opened the scoring by returning a fumble 21 yards for a touchdown, and Alejandro Magallanes recorded a quarterback sack for a safety.
Tascosa faces the challenge of a road game with a short week against Coronado (2-5, 1-1), which gave the Rebels a sense of urgency at the beginning of the week.
"I think you make strides if you work hard on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday," Plunk said. "The majority of victories depends on how you prepare on those days."
Coronado is coming off a tough 28-27 last-minute loss to crosstown rival Lubbock Monterey (which lost its district opener to Tascosa) last week. Quarterback Brennan Johnson threw for 325 yards and two touchdowns to Greg Allen, who had 11 catches for 174 yards for Coronado.
Plunk said the Mustangs are the most efficient passing team the Rebs have seen this season and present a major challenge for Tascosa's defense.
"They spread you out and distribute the ball well and they're capable of running it inside," Plunk said. "Last year they beat us pretty soundly."
In last year's game at Dick Bivins Stadium, Coronado beat Tascosa 27-7 in a game that began a four-game losing streak for the Rebels.
Whoop those Mustangs like they stole something from you!course descriptions -
take exam -
certification -
publications -
course schedule
how to register -
useful links
why iweer -
wetland primer -
view my order -
Print-Friendly Annual Schedule
Institute for Wetland & Environmental Education & Research
Course Schedule
Basic Wetland Delineator Training**
This course is designed to provide students with hands-on experience in the field applying the methods and getting critiqued by the instructor and their peers. Taught by regional experts in plant identification, hydric soil recognition, and wetland delineation, you will learn how to recognize hydric soils and separate them from nonhydric soils - this is critically important for delineating wetland boundaries. Students will be introduced to the basic concepts and methods in lectures and field exercises. Time will be spent in the field on wetland delineation using plants, soils, and signs of hydrology to identify and delineate wetlands. The instructors will guide and coach students through the steps in conducting delineations at several sites and students will work in groups to identify wetlands and delineate the boundaries. There will also be an overview of regulations.
Focusing on the use of the Corps Wetlands Delineation manual and the
latest regional supplement
, there will also be a discussion of key differences between this manual and state methods, where appropriate. Students will receive information on where to obtain the latest regulatory guideance regarding jurisdictional questions (e.g., isolated wetlands and
Rapanos
). The course utilizes training materials developed by the Corps for the Wetland Delineator Certification Program (WDCP). The fee includes all course materials - a copy of "Wetland Indicators" (Tiner, 1999); the Corps of Engineers manual; the regional supplement; Regional Wetland Plant List, and additional information relevant to making wetland determinations.
Students successfully completing this program will be awarded a "certificate of training." The training provides approximately 2.6 credit hours toward the Society of Wetland Scientists' Professional Wetland Scientist certification and satisfies the education requirements for the Virginia, New Hampshire and Lake County, IL wetland certification programs.
Note: Students are expected to be able to identify wetland plants.
** Click on Course Location for Directions & Hotel Information **
Date(s):
June 16 - 19
Location:
Boston Area, Massachusetts
Register For This Session of
Basic Wetland Delineator Training**
Instructor(s):
Tiner &
Date(s):
August 18 - 21
Location:
Chicago Area, Illinois
Register For This Session of
Basic Wetland Delineator Training
Instructor(s):
Whited &
TinerFriday, 9 am
I am way too grouchy to gracefully handle being accosted by SpongeBob SquarePants. I haven't even had my coffee yet, when I'm blindsided by a yellow wall of SpongeBob pushing through the crowd at the San Diego International Comic-Con.
The popular arts' largest industry convention of the year is eye-candy chaos, but I'm on a mission—and so I fiercely elbow my way through the mob of 120,000 Stormtroopers, artists, permadorks, corporate Hollywood suits, sexy Sailor Moons, and comics fans to try and learn more about one of Portland's strongest hometown industries.
Portland's not really nationally known as "the best" at any business—except the funny doughnut business, the bicycle business, and the business of having a good time. But while many Portlanders may have no idea they're living right at the center of the most vibrant cog in the innovative American comics scene, the people attending this convention can't escape it.
Comic-Con is where Portland's comics artists, writers, and publishing houses face the mob of national consumers. It's also where they get really drunk together. So it's the ideal spot to learn how Portland's comics industry got to be successful—and whether it's actually all it's cracked up to be.
And if a goddamn Ringwraith hadn't walked off with all the sugar at the Starbucks kiosk, I could actually get started.
Friday, noon
Joëlle Jones can't remember the color of Batgirl. She's been drawing for three hours today, and six hours yesterday, and now she's hit a wall. Is Batgirl purple? Or more black?
Jones, 31, is hunched over a table in the corner of Artists' Alley—one of the few quiet eddies at Comic-Con, where comic book artists like Jones do sketch after sketch on commission for fans.
Jones dropped out of Pacific Northwest College of Art four years ago when she ran out of money. Since then, her career has skyrocketed, and it has a lot to do with living in Portland.
She met one of her art idols, David Mack, at a Portland comics convention, and when he showed her portfolio to some Dark Horse editors, they offered her a job on the spot. She met her sometimes writing partner and all-time champion networker Jamie S. Rich at Trilogy Video in Northwest, where, at the time, he had a day job shelving movies (he also occasionally writes for the Mercury).
This year, Comic-Con invited her to be a prestigious "special guest," offering her a free hotel room, free table, and even her own panel.
"Someone waiting at the airport was holding up my name on a piece of paper," says Jones, not taking her eyes of the sketch. "That was the highlight of my life. I took a picture."
She pencils in the lips, the tight batsuit. She pencils, erases, pencils, pencils, curses herself, erases. She's used to working all alone, isolated in her studio with her dogs in NW, and can't stand to look at her work once it's published. She's too critical.
A guy comes up to buy a book and it turns out to be Ben Garant, from the TV show Reno 911! Jones makes change from her wallet. For artists, there's a complicated and razor-thin profit relationship surrounding comics contracts.
For example, her new book with Dark Horse, Troublemaker, is a pretty big deal, written by mystery author Janet Evanovich and selling 40,000 copies (though Dark Horse printed 100,000, expecting higher sales). But Garant bought one of the only 25 copies that Jones has to give away or sell on her own. So she's selling those for $25 a book. It's $40 for a black-and-white sketch. Color sketches are $80. But don't forget tables at Comic-Con cost $850, while booths go for $2,200. Then there's the $300 flight, the $200-a-night hotel room, the criminally priced $4.50 convention center hot dogs. If Jones weren't an expenses-paid special guest, she'd have to hustle to break even.
Friday, 3 pm
Bob Schreck talks way too fast. We're sitting on a palm tree planter, shouting above the collective mumbling of several thousand people who are camped out waiting for a sneak peek movie panel (featuring Nicolas Cage!), and he's rapid-fire explaining the history of Portland's comics industry. In 1986, Milwaukie, Oregon-born businessman and comics fan Mike Richardson founded publishing house Dark Horse Comics in his hometown. It started small, but the offer of steady work (and, others say, Schreck and his wife Diana Schutz's unstoppable enthusiasm as editors) lured some top-level comics talent to Portland.
"Back in the '80s, you could fit everyone from every Portland publisher into Harry's Bar at the Hotel San Diego," says Schreck, referencing two places that no longer exist. Nowadays, "You throw a rock in Portland and you're going to hit someone with a pencil in their hand drawing comics," says Schreck.
Comics artists can work from home pretty much anywhere, so the appeal of working in a city with an actual social scene for comic artists and writers made Portland a destination.
Over the years, some Dark Horse employees spun off and made their own comics companies. Schreck left in 1993 to found Oni Press, while Dark Horse had grown to 150 employees. Dark Horse laid off seven staffers recently, but are still the largest independent comics and manga publisher in America.
Now Portland has seven comics publishing houses, employing about 170 staffers and hundreds of freelancers. There's a long list of highly successful comics creators who make or made their home in Portland (Mike Mignola, Brian Michael Bendis, Craig Thompson, Joe Sacco, Greg Rucka) plus places like Periscope Studio, a collective comics studio that offers internships to people trying to get their own starts.
Schreck himself ditched Portland for a job with DC Comics in 1999. But his face lights up with a fanatical flare when he talks about his plans to move back this year, "If you're in the industry and you understand the issues that bind us, you understand that Portland is like, 'Wow.'"
Friday, 4 pm
James Lucas Jones is squished. Oni Press' booth is an unassuming library amid the flashy insanity of the 'con; I navigate there using giant billboards of busty manga girls as a landmark.
Editor in Chief Jones squeezes out to meet me between tables piled with all kinds of books. I ask Jones whether it hurts Oni's business to not be located in New York or in LA. "There are definitely opportunities that come from being in one of the publishing hubs, but we're very lucky to have the support of the city," says Jones.
By support, Jones means a solid annual comics festival (Stumptown Comics Fest), six comic book stores that would "blow away the best comic shop in most cities," and a local government that's actually excited about comics (Mayor Sam Adams declared this past April "Portland Comics Month" and donned a fan-designed superhero costume for charity).
That doesn't mean making a living off comics in Portland is easy. For industry staffers, salaries are laughably low. And for freelancers, just making ends meet is often a success. But it's possible, which is better than most places.
Friday, 11 pm
Scott Morse cannot be found. The LA-based comics artist and writer is busy running a side-convention to Comic-Con: a bar/gallery/workshop space called Trickster, which aims be more creator-focused than Comic-Con (which has, the grumbling goes, been taken over by Hollywood films and Twilight celebrities). While I can't find him amid the crowd of artists sipping whiskey and watching the passing parade of club-going anime characters, Morse and I had talked on the phone about why comics creators would live in Portland rather than New York or LA.
"It's harder to take meetings if you live in Portland, I'll put it that way," said Morse. "I think the people that you have in Portland, most of them don't care about keeping up appearances for the industry at large. They're not looking to sell out."
Portland's publishers, especially Oni and Top Shelf, are "kind of a haven for people who want to own their work," says Morse, since those companies pay artists in royalties, versus Marvel and DC which pay artists a rate per page, but then own the work.
Saturday, 2:30 pm
Brandon Seifert and Lukas Ketner have fans. This makes them clearly nervous. The Portland writer and artist, respectively, are getting ready to sign copies of their new comic, Witch Doctor, and their publisher, Skybound, has provided them with Witch Doctor posters, Witch Doctor giveaway pens shaped like syringes, and a giant Witch Doctor banner that displays Ketner's art high over the heads of the crowd.
At the front of the line of people waiting for autographs is a can-can girl, clutching their newest issue and wearing naught but a sparkly bikini.
This feels big time. But back home, the duo have trouble making rent—Seifert works part-time as a condo security guard, Ketner only went full-time on comics thanks to a Witch Doctor advance last November. Seifert credits their new success in part on Portland's cheap rent. They could afford to work part-time for pay while they self-published the first issue of Witch Doctor. Luckily, the gamble is paying off.
As he waits for the signing to officially start, Seifert looks anxious and fidgets and talks awkwardly to the line of fans. "Anyone know any jokes?" he asks.
Saturday, 6 pm
Leigh Walton is over Portland. We're walking back to his booth, Top Shelf Comics, but get stuck behind a seemingly infinite line of costumed fans blocking the path, as he explains. "It may be the best comics city in America, but that doesn't mean it couldn't be better," says Walton. "The vibe of Portland is that you just do your thing and everyone leaves you alone. My wish list would be for it to have some more energy, more drive." After seven years in Portland, Walton left in 2010 and is now planning to set up a Top Shelf office in New York. No animosity, no hard feelings. Just, you know, "Ambition is a bad word in Portland."
Saturday, midnight
Jamie S. Rich dances like an old-school punk. When I say so, he laughs because he was dancing that way before I was born. Arms flailing, head down, he and I are the only people dancing at Portland comics creator Mike Allred's band set at Trickster.
Rich is that guy who knows everyone, who's been around forever and does a good job of pretending to be cynical. For example, he's been hacking it as a comics writer for 17 years, making ends meet with odd jobs, attending Comic-Con since 1987, and the 'con hasn't offered him so much as a free bag of chips. And along comes his friend Joëlle Jones—fresh on the scene! A baby! A very talented baby!—and the industry hands her a special guest pass.
But, actually, he's happy to run around all day like a stage manager/older brother, grabbing Jones water when she needs it and pushing her to raise her prices.
I expected Portland's old-timers to be at least a little bitter about the success and expansion of Portland's comics scene, but instead they seem universally enthusiastic.
Here's how comics writer David Walker describes the change in the Portland comics scene when I talk to him on the phone before Comic-Con: "There was a time when the Portland comics scene was like a bunch of guys sitting around in someone's basement, and half of them are smoking pot and the other half are trying to draw She-Hulk with no clothes on or something. These were all guys who are trying to be the next Robert Crumb, guys who were into comix with an 'X.'
Now it's like, a bunch of young people who are way hipper than I am, who sit around and talk about music I've never heard of. It's totally awesome," Walker says.
Showing 1-2 of 2How The Pentagon Inspired Interstate Highways
It’s one of the most famous buildings in the world – the Pentagon. Planning began before World War II – back when the military command was spread out over 17 different buildings all over Washington, D.C. So officers wasted hours every day traveling around from one office to another. And the problem was expected to get worse because the Department of the Army was expected to grow another 25 percent, enough to fill four more office buildings.
So architects were given just one weekend to come up with a plan for a building that would house the entire military and it was to be built next to Arlington National Cemetery. A major problem was there was a road that cut through one corner of the property preventing them from designing a traditional square building. So, they came up with the now famous pentagon shape.
And it was faster and cheaper to build than a tall building and because it had so many entrances – it would allow for nearly 20 to 30,000 people an hour to enter and leave the building. No skyscraper could have done that.
But with so many people coming and going it created another problem. Architects had to figure out how to deal with all the traffic that would bring all those people to the Pentagon every day. So they designed an elaborate system of over-and-under roadways arranged in cloverleaf shapes. It allowed thousands of vehicles to drop off passengers and leave again without ever stopping for a traffic light.
It all worked so well at moving traffic to and from the Pentagon that when engineers began working on the Interstate system, they adapted the same idea for moving traffic from one high speed highway to another. So whenever you take one of those fancy clover leafs at an expressway exit – you can thank designers of the Pentagon.Richard Sheridan doesn’t have a corner office. Or an office. Or even his own desk. The CEO of Menlo Innovations sits wherever his staff wants him to sit--near the sales pipeline board or next to the project manager with whom he’s working on a blog or with a team of programmers. And Sheridan’s not the only one in constant motion. At Menlo, a custom-software business in Ann Arbor, Michigan, the 50 employees work on projects with partners that change every week. The company’s "factory floor manager" maintains the protean seating chart, constantly mixing and matching colleagues and projects.
"We borrowed the idea of switching from the airline industry," says Sheridan, who co-founded the company after being downsized from an executive position at another technology firm. (His photo graced the cover of the May 2003 issue of Forbes alongside the headline: "Got Fired? Hire Yourself!") "The National Transportation Safety Bureau realized many years ago that if a pilot and copilot work together a lot it breeds a complacency that produces danger," Sheridan explains. "Their minds no longer inject the questioning, the curiosity, the 'Hey, why are you doing it like this?' Switching gives us that freshness."
The practice also builds in perpetual learning as employees effectively mentor each other all the time. Everyone at Menlo works in pairs, with two people sharing one computer. Sometimes a veteran and an intern work together: The veteran shares his experience and the intern explains what she’s learned from a recent college course. Sometimes two veterans pair up, seeing how far and fast they can push the job. "We’re always transferring knowledge to the new person--and if you have one more day’s experience on the the project than I do, you are the expert," says Ted Layher, a programmer at Menlo for eight years. "We get a lot out of talking through problems out loud. Have you ever asked someone a question and then discovered the answer just because you spoke the words? That’s what happens."
The variety of partners and tasks also keeps employees from burning out on projects that sometimes roll out over years. Another weapon against burnout: 40-hour weeks. To ensure employees never work evenings or weekends, the company offers clients 25 percent discounts in return for the right to flex deadlines. It also keeps a few bench players busy on in-house projects. When client activity gets heavy, they step in to lighten the load.
Hiring well is essential when everyone in a particular job will work cheek by jowl with everyone else in that particular job over and over throughout the year. To ensure culutral fit, Sheridan and his team invented a practice they call "extreme interviewing," in which job applicants are brought in en masse, paired with other applicants and asked to work on representative Menlo assignments while Menlo’s existing staff observes. After the candidates go home, the staff gathers to discuss how well each one collaborated and whether they would be willing to pair with him or her on a real project. Candidates who win over the majority return for a paid one-day trial. That’s followed by a three-week contract before the deal is sealed.
Menlo’s feedback system further reinforces the collaborative model. Employees won’t be promoted without first having lunch with a panel of their peers, during which they absorb detailed critiques of their performance. They can request as many lunches as they like and choose their own reviewers. Selecting folks who are most likely to be critical is considered a smart move.
The company’s practices are so admired that 5 percent of its $3.6 million in revenues derive from teaching them to others. Sheridan and his colleagues conducted more than 240 tours last year, exhibiting Menlo’s culture to executives from companies like Mercedes Benz, Thomson Reuters, and Toyota. "People come here to learn about us because they want to reinvent their own cultures," says Sheridan. "And they end up wanting to give us their children. They say, 'My kid would love to work here. Can I send you his résumé?'"Boyden’s Leadership Series presents discussions with business and thought leaders from organizations across the globe. The series focuses on topical issues that offer executives, political leaders and the media insight into current trends in business and talent management in the global marketplace..
Mr. Housenbold is a new-media visionary who leads Shutterfly’s strategic direction and growth. His leadership and vision are the driving force behind the company’s industry leading transformation of how people interact with their memories.
Previously, Mr. award-winning community finance portal. He also served as Vice President of Corporate Development at WinStar Communications and as Manager and Co-founder of Accenture’s Media & Entertainment Strategy?
Housenbold: I think there have been a number of factors. One is being customer-centric – really understanding our target demographic, their current needs and what we think they’ll need in the future. Understanding the customers we’re trying to serve and winning their hearts and loyalty in return rewards us with very high net promoter scores and repeat rates. Our customers are very evangelical on our behalf and help bring their friends to the business. We are also relentlessly focused on quality, which is key to being customer-centric. Second is a culture of innovation driven by a laser-like focus on identifying our core competencies vis-à-vis key competitors, some of who are large, multi-purpose companies like Wal-Mart, Walgreens, Apple, HP, Kodak, Sony, Hallmark etc. Besides this, being vertically integrated and owning our manufacturing, which is very rare in our industry, has allowed us to innovate more quickly and have better margins, which in turn allows us to invest more into marketing and customer acquisition.
Boyden: You mentioned facing competition from other large conglomerates – how does Shutterfly stand apart?
Housenbold: We have very large competitors who do many things so the key for us is focused innovation, which has become the cornerstone of our culture. A lot of the companies I mentioned are over 100 years old and have a kind of particular perceptual map on the world. In that respect, we’ve benefited from being a relatively new company because we were able to come into this industry with a fresh mindset and think about how we could use technology innovatively to enable deeper, more personal relationships with our customers.
We came at this industry not with a scientific perspective on producing prints but from a technology and style point of view, which is why our products have a design sensibility and are user-friendly. Being aware that 85 percent of our customers are female and that a design aesthetic and personal expression are important to them has allowed us to tailor our products to resonate with their memory-keeping activities.
Lastly, our customer-centric business approach helps Shutterfly stand apart from competition. We do whatever it takes to make it right by the customer because I believe that’s a self-fulfilling virtual cycle. In summary, our history of having a strong business strategy, laser-like commitment to customers, quality, design and innovation has allowed us to outpace our competitors.
Boyden: What key industry trends do you foresee in the U.S. internet e-commerce sector over the next year or two?
Housenbold: If you look at the various vertical industries that are using the internet as a key enabler, either as a distribution, acquisition or delivery channel, what we’ve witnessed over time is a consolidation of businesses, although singular-focused companies have ultimately stood out as clear winners.
Let me give you examples to provide context – if one thinks of online payment systems, it was initially pioneered by PayPal, not MasterCard, Visa or American Express. Similarly, for online brokerage, there was E*TRADE and Ameritrade, not Fidelity and Morgan Stanley, and for search-engines it was Google and not large portals like Microsoft and Yahoo. In the photo-publishing space too, Shutterfly has had a singular business focus unlike Kodak, Fuji, Sony, HP and Yahoo.
I strongly believe in having a singular business focus and the ability to quickly innovate. What we’ve seen in various verticals is that singular focused companies typically win and the leaders end up capturing the lion’s share of the economic rents. Number two and three can survive, but then we ultimately witness a shakeout and consolidation. Historically, there were around 14 online portals and now AOL, Yahoo and MSN are last of the survivors and are all struggling in their own ways. Groupon bought over 30 of their competitors in their space and Zynga’s done the same in the online gaming space. Google alone this year has bought 46 companies. So I think there will be further consolidation in the various vertical industries in the internet e-commerce sector and in a Darwinian way, the strong will get stronger and the weak will fall by the wayside.
Another significant trend in the industry is the continued inclusion of social, mobile and local features into various product/service offerings. Right from entrenched traditional retailers who have e-commerce divisions to new startups, we will continue to utilize the power and force of these online communities of interest. The power of technology and immediacy of smart phones and social media will continue to allow us to tap into local commerce. But at the same time, I also tend to think in a counter intuitive way – that there’s going to be a burnout of “social” and the open graph after which people will start to look back and re-associate with closer communities of interest.
Boyden: Tell us more about this anticipated reverse trend vis-à-vis social media.
Housenbold: I think social media channels like Facebook and Twitter will continue to play a meaningful role in people’s lives, but like I said, I do anticipate a little bit of a burnout at some point. I have 1,655 Facebook friends but I’m a busy dad of three kids with a 70 hour work week job and involvement in my community, so any free time I have is going to be spent with the people that matter most.
So yes, I think you’ll start seeing a little bit of a social media burnout where people, instead of meeting everyone online, would instead like to focus on deepening their relationships with near and dear ones through face-to-face interaction. People are already starting to look for respite from the bombardment of information via social media and are lookng for ways to better manage their digital lives. I believe tools will be developed to allow us to manage all the online information in a more efficient way.
I also believe that with technological advancements come new social norms, so with the increasing pervasiveness of social media in our everyday lives, we’re going to have to face a society with a different paradigm around privacy. Not only will we need to adapt and cope with these trends but also better understand the nuances of public/private partnerships and working of privacy laws.
Boyden: Shutterfly has survived shifts in the photo industry whereas competitors had not fared as well – what’s been your growth strategy?
Housenbold: I came to Shutterfly with a philosophy that we’re going to grow to greatness. Since then, we’ve out-executed and out-innovated, enhanced customer relationships, provided better design and intuitive product creation processes, and created a sustainable business model. We have revenue, profit and free cash flow whereas many other players in this space have either been venture-backed companies without a profitable business model or large companies who did not innovate, and thus failed. We’ve clearly had an edge in this regard, which has allowed us to build a great business.
Over the years, we’ve also witnessed a lot of consolidation in the photo publishing industry. We first saw Kodak buy Ofoto and HP buy Snapfish in 2001 and 2005 respectively. After that, we saw dozens of companies go out of business and exit the industry. Large multi-conglomerates like Sony, Yahoo Photos, AOL Pictures and MSN exited because they found it difficult to drive profit from this particular vertical segment.
What followed next was another round of industry consolidation. We recently bought Tiny Prints and we think there will be additional consolidation over the next few years as well. So the key to our growth strategy has been to anticipate what our customers want and create a profitable business that allows us to continue to invest in innovation.
Boyden: How have partnerships and affiliations influenced Shutterfly’s growth strategy?
Housenbold: About two years ago, we made a pivot in our company strategy — we moved from trying to solely be a photo-printing web destination to really thinking about ourselves as a robust application. So we’re device agnostic, be it a digital camera or smart phone, and it doesn’t matter what operating system you use, whether it’s Windows or Apple based. It also doesn’t matter where our customers save their images, be it their hard drives or on Facebook, Picasa or the Shutterfly site. We enable customers to access their images and videos wherever that content is stored.
The role we want Shutterfly to play is that of a trusted partner that helps you take your content and do more with it. We want to help you curate it, enhance it with embellishments and design and tell a story in a more powerful way. We want to help you share content with the people that matter most and preserve it for generations to come.
This new perceptual framework has opened up a world of opportunity for us and allowed us to form meaningful partnerships. We now have about 45 active business development partnerships ranging from folks like Facebook, Google, Target, American Express, David’s Bridal, Motherhood & Maternity, BabyCenter and Roku. Partnerships will definitely continue to be an important part of our overall growth strategy.
Boyden: How would you describe your management style and how would you say it’s evolved over the last several years?
Housenbold: My goal is to try and create an environment where we can attract, retain and grow the best and brightest talent. I really see my job as setting the long-term vision of the company, helping define the strategy, determining the right values and behaviors to make teams successful, and then getting out of the way so my talented team can innovate and execute within that overall strategic framework.
I believe in having very open, honest and direct communication within the organization. So if things are going great, I share it; if they aren’t, I share that too because collectively as a team, we can do more together in an open environment than any individual could possibly do by themselves. It’s also important for everyone in the company to be mindful and think for the long term, like owners or shareholders.
What I’m trying to create is a high performance company that’s a great place to work and for that I believe it is important to deliver on both the “what” and the “how.” The intersection of both these factors is important in order to deliver on our goals and in a way that’s consistent with our values and behaviors.
In terms of my personal management style, I think I’m a fair boss. I take bad news well. I jump into problem solving. I’m able to roll up my sleeves and dig into the details when necessary. I’m able to think about the next three, five and seven years on a long term strategic basis, and I try to be inspirational in getting people to think about what’s possible versus what’s just pragmatic especially due to the pressures of quarterly performance.
Lastly, I really think about the role of mentorship and leadership versus just management. What has evolved in my career over the last decade is that as I’ve progressed to increasingly higher positions, I’ve understood how to move from a managerial role, which is more about resource allocation and project management, to more of a leader role, which is about inspiration, coaching and mentorship.
I’m trying to focus more on what the right people, processes, and technologies are needed in order to help our organization continue to scale. So the level and nature of conversations I have with my team have now evolved to higher order discussions rather than just the tactical day to day going-ons.
Boyden: How would you describe your approach to recruiting and what do you particularly look for in people?
Housenbold: I look for people who have an insatiable intellectual curiosity – that’s a really important characteristic for me. Second, I look for people that have a very high internal bar of success because I’m a true believer that internal motivation is sustainable whereas external motivation is temporary. So I look for people who just have that innate inner sense that says, “I want to do a great job; I want to go above and beyond; I want to out-innovate and out-execute the competition.” I look for that inner motivation which manifests itself in both professional and personal accomplishments. Third, I want to hire people who can be flexible and adapt, because when you’re in a hyper-growth company, your role and the expectations will continue to evolve as the business evolves.
But if I had to pick three specific traits, they would be intellectual curiosity, a high internal bar and flexibility.
Boyden: Silicon Valley and the multimedia sector are the biggest stars in our economy right now. How do you see this growth manifest itself in the rest of America? What are the traits of innovative and sustainable companies?
Housenbold: Silicon Valley has its fair share of innovative and sustainable companies, but by no means is there a lock on the rest of America. Our national prosperity is reliant on creating entrepreneurs and innovation. And that means providing access to capital, infrastructure, human talent and a culture of capitalism that allows individuals to continue to be rewarded for the high risk and high investments they make in growing companies, products and markets.
Silicon Valley has successfully created an ecosystem of these attributes so there’s a lesson to be learned here. There is a mix of biomedical, consumer and technology companies all concentrated in the Valley. There’s also sufficient capital available, a dense level of highly educated talent who’s attracted by the natural beauty of the Bay Area, and sufficient provision of reward for hard work put into wealth creation and innovative problem solutions.
So I think we need to replicate this on a national basis – we need to identify markets that have a high potential for innovation, a concentration on education and sense of entrepreneurship, which will allow us to continue to grow great companies on a global basis.
Boyden: Who has been an influential mentor to you?
Housenbold: One of my mentors and my business hero is Howard Schultz. Who would have thought that there was room for a simple idea like his – to provide people with a better cup of coffee? No one did. The naysayers said you could get coffee at a 7-Eleven or McDonald’s, but he believed that a simple thing like coffee could make for a little bit of affordable luxury and respite in people’s hectic lives. That Starbucks experience is exactly what we’re trying to do at Shutterfly as well – create a brand and a service that makes sharing memories and staying connected a fulfilling and memorable experience.
For me, it’s all about innovation and thinking about the world of possibilities, and in that regard people like Howard Schultz and Steve Jobs, who have not taken “no” for an answer, are true inspirations. They’ve pushed through barriers and obstacles, and have had a tolerance for failure. Look how many times Steve Jobs failed until he got it right. I think we as a society can learn from such great success stories.
Boyden: You and your wife both juggle very busy lives and a full house of three kids. What’s your approach to finding the right work/life balance?
Housenbold: I don’t have the “secret sauce” but one of the things that’s definitely helped is that I married a true saint who’s my best friend and who understands that being a CEO is not just a job but a way of life. My wife Ruth and I have open communication and we try hard to balance forward-planning, with spontaneity. We also try and focus on quality over quantity – so the time I spend with my family and friends is high quality time versus just casual encounters that are greater in frequency but not meaningful. Engaging in shared experiences with loved ones is another great way in which we try and use limited time well to create meaningful memories. For instance, when we have work friends come over on the weekend and also want to work on a community service project, we just combine those two together to create a shared experience, which really creates deeper bonds.
All in all, there are many factors that contribute to the smooth running of this equation – good communication, an understanding partner and my phenomenal personal assistant, Erica. Also, the fact that I live in the Silicon Valley helps, where I’m not an outlier because many people are working very hard, have dual income families and, like most of us, are trying to balance career aspirations with family and community. There’s an understanding and cultural norm in the Valley network that makes it easier to juggle compared to other places in the country.
Boyden: If you had to give one piece of advice to somebody who was an up and coming manager, what would it be?
Housenbold: I’m not sure you’re going to be able to keep me to one. I’d say first, treat people the way you want to be treated. Second, think about the long-term – and try to solve your boss and their boss’s problem. The only thing you really ever have is your reputation so make sure you act with a long-term view and high integrity and respect. Then I have a phrase that says, “If you’re not getting promoted or fired, you’re probably not doing your job well,” which means don’t be afraid to take appropriate risks and innovate. Don’t be afraid to fail, and if you’re going to fail, fail fast. Run a series of experiments because ultimately greatness comes from these varied experiences. So that’s some of the advice I give people about management.
More broadly speaking, the advice I tend to give is more about leadership. It tends to be a little more philosophical. Something else that’s really important is to always be flexible and look to continually grow personally. You should never assume you know everything and are the smartest person in the room. You can always learn from others.
Conversely, be careful not to let them mess with your swing. If you have a strong conviction, don’t let all the naysayers stop you from hopping on that voyage to find a new world. Find people with similar risk appetites and a belief in your vision and work really hard to make it happen because it’s easy to say
Acknowledgement
We would like to thank Dan Grassi of Boyden Atlanta for making this edition of Boyden’s Leadership Series possible.
The views and opinions expressed here do not necessarily represent the views of Boyden; only those of Mr. Housenbold.
Share this on:LinkedIn Facebook Twitter XingThe patent proprietor filed an appeal against the decision to revoke the patent under consideration.
Claim 1 of the main request read:
Use of fluprostenol isopropyl ester as the sole active ingredient for the manufacture of a medicament for topical application for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. (my emphasis)
The Board found this claim to comply with A 123(2):
[3] A 123(2) A 123(2) are met.
The case was then remitted to the first instance for further prosecution.